Greg nodded and pulled out the printed form for witnesses. Together they made quick work of the statement and were done after ten minutes. John signed his statement quickly and Greg packed his things to leave.
She circled him once more, her expensive heels clacking loudly on the ground. It was unhinging somehow, hearing those sounds behind him without seeing her. He cursed himself inwardly for being so thoughtless, he should have been quicker with the photographs. By thinking about the situation between him and John he had lost focus and made himself a target.
“She got pregnant after a few months. At that point we rarely talked anymore, her husband only allowed her a phone call once every two weeks. She was miserable. I wanted to help her, but … what could I do? She eventually sneaked out and tried to get an abortion but he caught her and …. well, it was bad. He locked her inside her room for the rest of the pregnancy, had her force-fed and tied to the bed so that she wouldn’t hurt herself.”
“Thanks, Greg, “John said with a smile, “for looking out for us. I’ll do just that as soon as he’s settled.”
“John, I …. I couldn’t have gone on without you ...” Sherlock’s voice broke as well. “I ... I could barely bear the thought about you in your cell. Alone. Without comfort or hope. I’m so sorry I made you go through that. You must be so angry with me.”
“Sherlock. I understand, I do, but you have to calm down. Destroying the equipment here is not gonna get you out of here faster. In fact, they might sue you and then you’d have to fill out all sorts of forms so you would have to stay here even longer.” He smiled and hoped his weak attempt of a joke achieved to make Sherlock smile, too but Sherlock just stared at him, befuddled, distressed. His arms were ensnared in a mess of cables and electrodes and he hectically tried to free himself, only managing to entangle himself more but refusing to let John help him.
I'm sorry for the delay, unfortunately I had very little time to write these past two weeks. But I should be able to resume my old pace now :)
His hackles rose however when he recognized Victor and Sebastian standing at the start of the queue, immediately feeling his inner Alpha soar and he swallowed his anger down. It wouldn’t be very prudent to growl at fellow students, probably only resulting in him getting thrown out.
“Yes, yes, I’ll be quick.” Sherlock was already at the door and John’s eyes already back at the telly. He was really invested in the murder mystery and didn’t want to miss anything.
“N-no, “he whispered, “p-pleeease….” That’s all he managed to croak out and the sudden fear enabled him to open his eyes a little wider to see his attacker kneeling over his body. The man’s face was flushed with excitement and his mouth was hanging slightly open. He was licking his lips as he leaned down further to linger over Sherlock’s face.
It still hurt to think of Sherlock that way. The helplessness, the fear, and the pain in his voice. The vulnerability he almost never let others see. But at the same time, John realized, he was grateful because indeed, Sherlock had needed him in these moments. He had been truly overwhelmed, naked terror had taken him into its grip and he had needed John to calm him, to hold him and tell him it was going to be okay ….
His voice sounded hoarse, so he cleared his throat, his eyes dropping down into his lap. An awkward silence settled between them as they both sipped their tea, their knees almost touching but not really.
“Come here, “he said quietly, and he pulled off his scarf, and gently raised Sherlock’s head to shove it underneath him. He repositioned himself on his side, pulling Sherlock close again. They laid there on their sides, turned towards each other, still trying to catch their breath. Sherlock, though as exhausted as John and in desperate need of medical attention, his eyes half-lidded, smiled.
But before he could put his mind to the task of analyzing this strange behaviour of his Professor, his gaze accidentally caught the eye of that blond young Alpha from before and it felt like his heart stopped beating in his chest for a moment. Those bright blue eyes were sparkling that Sherlock could only describe as admiration, and on top of that the Alpha was smiling at him, when he realized he had been caught staring, even going so far as to nod at him. Feeling like he had been caught with his hand in the cookie jar, Sherlock blushed fiercely and quickly averted his eyes.
He flinched involuntarily when a friendly hand clasped his shoulder. “You’re hammered!” John’s voice suddenly very near his ear was a little too loud for his taste and he groaned, realizing his friend was delighted about the particular situation he was in.
He lay there on the grass, barely conscious, and realized slowly that there was almost no light around them. No sounds, no soul in sight. Not that he could see a lot. His tired eyes were failing him and there were black spots in his vision.
She left with another quick smile at him and he made his way through the masses to find his friends again. They were standing at the bar and he left his empty glass at the counter before he took his place at their side.
But just then, Sherlock opened his mouth. John’s tongue darted forward automatically, tracing the seam of Sherlocks wet, soft lips, not daring to push in lest he pressured the other man too much. But Sherlock moaned again and squirmed against him as if urging him on. So, without thinking, John obliged him. His tongue wandered forward to lick into Sherlock’s incredibly tempting mouth. For a second, Sherlock froze and John froze, too, but before he could pull out of his mouth, Sherlock closed his lips around John’s tongue, sucking at it, playing at it with his own tongue.
“Dr. Watson, “he said with a dramatic sigh, “I cannot believe I have to explain this to you, but apparently, it’s unavoidable. Sherlock cares about you being here. In fact, he is utterly devastated.”
Still, he was determined to find out the details behind all this. Now that he had an angle he couldn’t just leave this unaddressed.
Once more, he inhaled deeply. “How are you feeling?” he started carefully, grateful that he had managed to speak after all.
“Alright, the tables are assigned by surnames. My assistants will explain who will go to which workplace.”
He pressed a soft kiss onto the top of Sherlock’s head without really thinking about it and frowned when he realized that Sherlock was still radiating heat as if he were on fire. The fever was still tormenting him, and he would soon have to wake him to check his temperature and get him to drink some more water.
“The strawberry, John, the picture of the strawberry they found underneath one of his shoes! It’s from a business card. And where would you find a business card with a strawberry on it?” He rapidly typed something into his phone and after a few seconds his eyes lit up.
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson, dinner would be wonderful, thank you, “Mycroft answered instead, gracing her with something akin to a thankful, honest smile, “Doctor Watson is at the police station, giving his statement. He should be back soon.” She looked at him doubtfully. “Oh dear, “was all she said and after another hesitant look at Sherlock, she scurried off.
Scott looked disgusted but at the same time also kind of bored. “Just piss off, Victor, “he said with a sigh, rolling his eyes in point-blank irritation. “I’m not interested in talking to you.”
He sat back onto the bed and gently pulled Sherlock back onto his back again. Sherlock didn’t stir at all, completely unconscious now.
To give in to the physical need of his body and succumb to its siren call, find relief here underneath the shower while thinking about John and his wonderful, beautiful face, the steadying warmth of his strong chest and broad shoulders, his capable hands keeping Sherlock secure and safe against him.
As he finally somehow reached the stairs which led to the restrooms he suddenly felt a surge of dizziness overwhelm him and he couldn’t stop his body from falling down, his legs just refused to function – but just before he collided with the solid ground a firm wrist suddenly caught him, supporting his weight so he wouldn’t fall.
Quickly, Sherlock responded like he usually did with Mycroft: he rolled his eyes dramatically and scoffed. “Yes, of course, everything’s alright, Mycroft, why wouldn’t it be?”
John withdrew his arm and looked a little bit embarrassed, nevertheless, he said “Alright, but you need to take it easy. The drug’s still in your system. I doubt you can walk steadily already.”
But it was no use, lingering in bed even longer. Mike was right. They shouldn’t be late for class. If the rumors about Professor Magnussen were true, the man was a real arsehole and he didn’t want to be ostracized by him from the very start. ‘Advanced Toxicology’ was one of the most important classes this semester, he couldn’t afford to fail this course or his whole plan of getting his medical degree in the optimal timeframe of six years would be in jeopardy.
Then I realized that this mind palace thing had to take place before I could move the plot along so here we are. Not that anything's been resolved now, but still, it had to happen. I hope this mind palace thing isn't too confusing, I know it was confusing me as I was writing it :)
He forced his eyes to move up from Scott’s mouth to his pale blue eyes, flashing darkly. Scott’s hand felt cold and stiff in his tight grip.
He closed his eyes again and concentrated on simply breathing. After a few seconds he opened his eyes again slowly and although there was another stab of brutal pain in his head, it wasn’t as bad as before. The room he was presently in was only dimly lit, the only light provided by two standard lamps in the corners.
The professor did not smile as he looked at his watch in a demonstrative manner. “It’s precisely 8:15 and class will now be starting. I’m glad to see you’ve all made it here in time. Please be informed that I will not tolerate latecomers.”
“Listen to me, Sherlock. You...you’ve been through a lot. You’ve been touched without your consent. You’ve been drugged and assaulted. Twice. That’s a lot to deal with. Please. Even if you don’t want to talk about it yet, you must realize that it has an affect on you. Do you realize it?”
Inside his mind, a voice was screaming at John to put down his goddam cup, take Sherlock’s hand, and tell him what he really felt about him. Instead, he found himself speechless, opening his mouth and closing it again, feeling like a hopeless fool.
John knew Sherlock had only drunken two glasses of beer while he and Greg had drunken four. He knew Sherlock had drunken with them to be social, to let him, John, have a nice evening. He had been grateful for that small favour, so he hadn’t called Sherlock out on drinking less than him and Greg. Let him maintain a clear mind, let him maintain his ability to deduce everything around him, from the tiny wrinkles on the waitress’s blouse to the peculiar way the napkins on the table had been folded. He knew Sherlock needed that – analysing his surroundings, knowing everything which was important to know, so he was in control.
A few students raised their hands, confident in their answers because this belonged to the things all of them had learned in their very first semester. It was basic knowledge for medicine students, they would need to apply it daily the moment they became doctors.
At first, he thought that no one was home. The flat seemed completely empty and a wave of disappointment washed over him, followed quickly by concern. Had something really happened then? Where was Sherlock? And Mycroft?
Sherlock studied him curiously with narrowed eyes. “Yes, it appears so. You looked about to start drooling, maybe you can eat my food then if you’re hungry.”
John remained silent and looked at Sherlock who, gradually growing more aware of his surroundings, sat himself up straight and grabbed John’s arm in confusion. “Something happened last night, right? I-I can’t remember. I … feel funny. Head hurts. What’s going on?”
John was amazed by Sherlock’s deduction. Business as usual. It was like watching a magician do a magic trick in front of his audience: you couldn’t look away, you were totally entranced. You couldn’t explain how he’d do it and you desperately wanted to know but you never will.
He bolted out of the apartment, barely taking the time to reach for his jacket, and then he was on the street, calling for a cab. He jumped into it, the second it halted, bellowed the address at the driver. They drove off and John sat forward in his anxiousness to just get there fast, get to Sherlock. He just hoped he could get there in time before Sherlock could do something stupid.
As Sherlock started to get up Greg spoke up again. “But we still have to file your charge against Mr. Taylor. Drug-facilitated sexual assault. We still have to do that.”
“No, Sherlock, absolutely not. I won’t have a dog in the house. It’s filthy and will only need to be taken to the veterinarian countless times. You aren’t even old enough to assume such a responsibility. Absolutely not.”
“Well….” Frederic looked a little nervous now. “As I said, he seemed fine, physically at least. He said he would try to catch some sleep, he was in his bedroom for a few hours but I’m sure he didn’t sleep because I could hear him pacing from outside. I thought of calling Mr. Holmes but surely, I thought that would be unfair. You can maybe force someone to eat, but you can’t force someone to sleep. At least that’s what I think.”
“Of course it’s true, “Scott said, his anger audibly rising. “Professor Arendsen is a renowned toxicologist in his field.”
“Good.” Sherlock was relieved. Even though he was annoyed with John for fussing over him - suffocating him - he preferred him over anyone else as his caretaker and most of all Mycroft. He could almost imagine his big brother forcing himself to watch over his little brother personally because he was such a control freak, not trusting anyone else to do the job after that last failure. Sherlock would not have been able to endure that, he would have tried to escape again, he knew.
“Oh, Sherlock, there you are! I’ve been worried sick about you! Back home already?” She advanced quickly as a bird and suddenly grabbed his collar, tugging him down so that she could inspect his face. Startled, he let her.
Mike rolled his eyes but laughed good-naturedly. “While we’re on that topic. Didn’t that girl of yours want to come too?”
His eyes flicked across the room towards Scott, a small condescending smile playing on his thin lips. “It’s not to make a point or anything like that if you’re concerned. It’s just that the effects are most visible in Omega samples and I thought it would be easier for you students to observe all the effects on the cells, after all, you’re still beginners.”
Sherlock’s body offered no resistance as he was dragged to the pub’s exit, out into the mild October air. He wasn’t even strong enough to scream, so it was in his mind that he let out a long, desperate cry for help which was the last thing it did before it shut down almost completely.
Softly, and with his heart hammering in his chest, John hooked his arms around Sherlock’s back and under his knees and lifted him up once more. Sherlock moaned very quietly and pressed his face into the base of John’s throat, but he didn’t wake up. John swallowed and raised one leg very carefully, stepping over the edge of the bathtub. When he was sure of his balance, he put the other leg over, pulling Sherlock with him in his arms and stepping underneath the spray of the shower.
Then he scrambled to the edge of the bed. He had decided he needed to move his body a little bit. John’s hand shot out and grabbed his arm.
He got him back into bed. Sherlock almost fell asleep again while John gingerly moved him to get him into a fresh shirt and sweatpants. The thermometer announced a temperature of 38.7° and a quick check of his pulse told him that his heart rate was close to normal. John sighed in relief. He would still have to monitor Sherlock closely which meant that he would not sleep again tonight, but he had a good feeling that they were out of the wood now. He managed to get Sherlock to drink half a glass of water and then he settled him back down against the pillow.
“Don’t be ridiculous, John, this is nothing, “Sherlock muttered but then he winced in pain and he bent over to the side to throw up again, although it was only bile for his stomach was empty.
He let out a shaky breath and kneeled over Sherlock, his left hand never letting go of his friend’s. It felt wrong to touch his friend in this state so soon after…. his assault. After a few quick movements, he reached a first quick conclusion.
“You know how close to the truth that is, “John replied, and Greg looked apologetic as he nodded. “Sorry, mate. They’ll be fine, I’m sure. Sherlock is strong. He’ll be alright.”
Another wave of mind-numbing pain washed over him and his fingers clenched into the mattress, as he tried to hold onto his thoughts. This was important. He needed to focus now. He couldn’t let his stupid transport take control over him, he was stronger than that. Besides, he had already lost so much precious time.
“Ah, you’re here,” Greg exclaimed. “You had us quite worried, not answering the doorbell. Your landlady let us in, she’s quite worried too, you know. Might let her know that you’re alive.“ He slumped heavily into John’s chair.
Sherlock rolled his eyes “That was a simple psychosomatic reaction to stress, John, it wasn’t anything serious. It won’t happen again.”
But now his utterly confused mind struggled to cope with the deduction that he was still in the clutches of this strange, creepy bloke who was whisking him away. While he, Sherlock, apparently was completely unable to do anything about it.
Sherlock felt himself once again moved against his will, felt his body dragged down the street by this man and he just gave up. He couldn’t fight it, he just couldn’t. There was a voice in the back of his mind screaming at him to conjure up a plan on how to escape, to take in his surroundings, and make a deduction on how he could find help. But he just couldn’t heed it. He was tired.
From somewhere nearby he could hear loud sirens approaching quickly and he thought that was a good thing because If Sherlock were to recover, he would need to get to the hospital and fast.
“Can you at least tell me how long it’s going to take?” John asked impatiently, glancing at Greg from the passenger’s seat from the police car they were in.
– he hadn’t gotten any more clues as to what piqued the other man’s interest. For all he knew, Sherlock was asexual. Just not interested in anything like that. It didn’t matter. Technically.
“Drugged?” Sherlock dropped his gaze as he desperately tried to remember what had happened. Yes, he had felt funny yesterday.
Everyone was staring at the blue-eyed student. He was sitting back in his seat with his arms crossed, a loose smile on his lips as he looked up at Magnussen in gleeful triumph, defying him to tell him he was wrong. Magnussen was staring at him in irritation and surprise, his hand gripping into the table as he forced his mouth closed and once more turned his face into an emotionless mask.
“Thanks, John, “he said softly, and he took John’s hands into his. “I don’t know what I would have done without you.” He wanted to say more but he couldn’t so instead he raised his hand to cup John’s face and for a moment they simply stared at each other, green eyes piercing into blue ones, the air hanging heavily between them in an unexpected moment of intimacy.
?” Sherlock spit out eventually and Mycroft stared at him for a moment, scrutinizing his face intently as if he searched for something there. Then he nodded slowly, and he followed Sherlock who had stormed off to his bedroom. The door closed behind them and John suddenly found himself alone with the nurse in the room.
“Alright, boys, I’ll leave you to it then,” she said. “I’ better go and cook up some dinner for you, Sherlock, yes? So you get better soon. So you can go running around London again fast. With John. Where is he by the way?”
“J-Jooohn, “was the last thing Sherlock whispered after a few minutes of silent fidgeting. Then he was quiet, though his body continued to tremble. John pulled him closer to his own body to give him more comfort and it seemed to help. Sherlock’s breathing slowed down and eventually, he was completely still. He had finally fallen asleep.
At the mention of Sherlock’s name John squeezed his eyes shut, as a short stab of pain flared up in his chest.
John swallowed, knowing this would be hard on his monthly allowance but he nodded nevertheless. “Of course, Professor.”
Sherlock’s lifeless body moved underneath John’s frantic administrations and his white skin was like an affront to him, his blue lips an abomination.
“Hold on love, I’ll be right back, “John murmured before he darted off again to retrieve some more blankets and pillows from the cupboard in his own bedroom. He detested having to leave Sherlock alone for even a second more, but it needed to get done and he concentrated on moving quickly and efficiently because it would certainly not be helpful if he fell down the stairs in his hurry to get back to Sherlock and broke his legs now.
For just a short moment, Sherlock had allowed himself to believe him. Just for once, he had reveled in the feeling of believing that he had found a kindred spirit, someone that may be worthy of his friendship, a
He didn’t know if Sherlock suspected what John was going to say to him. The man was a brilliant genius, a proper magician who seemed to be able to predict what people were going to say just by taking one long look at them. It was a trick that still amazed John whenever he witnessed Sherlock doing it and it still made him feel as if he was in love with a mythical being from another world, so brilliant and bright that its light was blinding him. Was he worthy of this unearthly creature?
Sherlock did not seem impressed by the knife at all. Worse even, he almost seemed bored. This seemed to enrage Billy and he pulled Sherlock forward by his scarf until their faces were only inches apart. When Sherlock still did not quiver in fear, Billy let out a furious growl, ripped the scarf off of him, and pressed the tip of his knife against Sherlock’s pale throat, drawing a few tiny drops of blood, the red a startling contrast to the white of Sherlock’s exposed skin.
“All of the larynxes show signs of severe corrosive injury, “came the deep calm voice of a student behind John. He turned half-way to see it belonged to one of the Alphas he had noticed before, the one with the blond wavy hair.
He woke with a start. As soon as he opened his eyes, nauseating pain attacked the inside of his head with drilling severity and he quickly closed them again. Breathing heavily, he counted to five, then opened his eyes again, slower this time, shielding them with his hand to give them more time to adjust to the light in the room.
“Right.” John looked at him fondly, then he laid himself down onto his back next to Sherlock and he held up his arm in open invitation. He still looked quite nervous, as if still waiting for Sherlock to change his mind.
He changed and brushed his teeth. Then he settled into the bed and found himself lying on his side, staring at Sherlock’s slack form. He was breathing peacefully, and John was strangely entranced by the steady rising and falling of his chest.
He shifted and grabbed the phone from the table which he luckily had left there along with all the other stuff he had brought. He quickly unlocked the screen with trembling fingers.
Anger pooled deep in his stomach. He saw Mike next to him shaking his head in warning, whispering “no John, don’t, “but he couldn’t stop himself.
Sherlock had enough now. This Alpha was impossibly annoying, it was driving him mad. How dare he pretend as if he was barely involved in the whole matter at all. As if it was of no great importance to him what had happened in the lab. Gritting his teeth in order to keep his temper in check, he raised his hand, stopping himself from grabbing the arrogant Alpha’s arm and waving it in his face instead.
“Do you want me to come with you? “John called after him, but Sherlock just waved him off absently without looking back, so John stayed put. He should really stop worrying over Sherlock so much, it was getting ridiculous. Let him go to the restroom by himself, they weren’t some silly teenage girls. He raised his glass at Greg once more and took another sip of his beer.
Someone behind him snickered quietly and John glanced behind his shoulder to see the Alphas he had seen last time, the ones with the porn magazines, sitting a few rows behind him, elbowing each other with lewd grins on their faces.
“That’s….” he searched for words, “…. quite nice of you, John.” He smiled at John tentatively and John smiled back. They smiled at each other shyly until it suddenly became awkward and they both cleared their throats, looking down onto their plates.
His eyes jerked open as he suddenly remembered where he was. The pub. That bloke who had suddenly appeared and dragged him away. That bloke who was…. still dragging him away apparently.
Staring after him, dumbstruck by this unexpected development, it took John a few seconds to get himself to react. He caught himself and sprinted after Scott, grabbing him by the wrist to turn him around without thinking. His eyes widened when Scott immediately flinched and spun around, ripping his arm away from him, his face contorted into a belligerent snarl.
A wave of relief washed over him and he grabbed the bottle of his expensive shampoo as a new kind of motivation took hold of him. It felt really good to massage the silky pine-scented shampoo into his greasy curls, he could almost sense the exhaustion and pain dissipating into thin air as he rubbed and scrubbed at twisted knots of hair all over his scalp. He closed his eyes against the hard spray of water as he rinsed the shampoo out. Then he continued to wash his body thoroughly with generous amounts of soap and shower gel, relishing the heavenly feeling of cleanliness and freshness.
“No, no, Sherlock, “John said at once, and he squeezed his hand in reassurance, “it’s just the ambulance. It’s okay.”
They reminisced about old cases, about odd little details Sherlock would have been obsessed with and they made light fun of each other in playful companionship. This night out felt great and John was happy.
But John ignored him, didn’t even look at him. He would not stand by and watch the Beta get harassed like that. Even if Scott didn’t appreciate his interference.
He thought of the day when he was eleven and his so-called friend Victor had pointed at him lying in that puddle of mud, laughing along with the others. Calling him an idiot. Just like John had, a couple of times now.
“Yes, of course, fine, John, “he muttered and shoved past his friend. He ventured into the kitchen and was surprised to see Mrs. Hudson there, standing at the cooker and stirring in a big pot with a ladle. She heard him coming in and let the ladle drop into the pot at once.
“Arrogant prick, “he mumbled angrily, and Mike nodded, as he swallowed nervously, his eyes following Magnussen’s movements like a rabbit observing the wolf about to eat him.
He broke the kiss then, as they were in no shape for any serious necking right now. Which led to John staring at Sherlock and Sherlock staring at John.
One hour later and he was ready to walk up to the receptionist and scream at her if nobody came to inform him about Sherlock’s condition soon. A few people had looked at him as if he were mad and then he remembered his bloody hands. He must look like a total mess and if he didn’t do anything, they would probably call the police. He quickly went into the men’s room and scrubbed his hands under the cold stream of water, rubbing so hard that it hurt. When he was finally clean, he went back out and resumed his pacing.
Firstly, there was the viciousness with which he had attacked Sherlock’s assaulters. He hadn’t been entirely conscious both of the times to witness it himself, but a broken nose and a concussion on the one hand and a dead woman on the other were quite the remarkable results. He had been surprised to learn of John’s strong reaction to seeing him assaulted. First, he had been appalled and ashamed, that John had seen him in such a weak position, vulnerable in the grip of perverts, helpless.
Once again, Scott looked completely bewildered. “Do you really think so”? he asked, stumbling over his sentence.
The man’s arm was wrapped around his back holding him upright while he tugged Sherlock with him down the street. Apparently, Sherlock had lost consciousness for a few seconds…
“No!” Sharp nails dove into his back, stopping John’s movement mid-way. “No, p-please, I-I don’t need any s-stupid blankets, I just need you ….” And Sherlock emphasized his words by burying himself further against John’s chest, a sob leaving his throat as his body continued to shiver violently.
“How come you’re in that class anyway? “he asked, keeping the conversation going. “It’s the advanced course, meaning you’d need to have completed the “Introduction” course beforehand. That’s from the third semester.”
Also, as you may have noticed, I've finally made a decision concerning the bromance/romance angle - I'm sorry if anybody's disappointed by that, but in my head it only made sense that way...
“John? What is it?” His voice was a little bit stronger now, although it still sounded as if he was a bit drunk, his words slurred together a little.
He started his third round of CPR and winced as he felt a rib give way beneath his hands as he pressed down with terrifying certainty because even though he was screaming on the inside, he was completely calm on the outside. This needed to be done.
Fortunately for him, he was being rewarded for his troubles. He had been escorted out of the room by Greg and was already halfway back into his cell, when a young officer came jogging, calling Greg’s name. Greg leaned forward and the man whispered into his ear, glancing at John curiously while doing so.
“It’s silly. Oh God, this is so stupid, “Sherlock was whispering into John’s shoulder, as long thin fingers dug into John’s back, desperately searching for comfort and reassurance.  With a shake of his head, John ran his hand through the trembling man’s hair, murmuring soft encouragements into his ear, soothing him until Sherlock finally calmed down, stilling in John’s arms.
He stumbled. His hand shot out and found a door frame which le leaned thankfully against. He really needed to get out, he was losing it. The walls were starting to tremble again, and he knew he had to reach the entrance quickly to avoid damage to his mind.
The dry heaving stopped again, and Sherlock dropped his head back into John’s lap with an exhausted groan. “I’m a little tired, John, “he whispered, his voice raw, “can we go home now?”
His clear, rich voice sounded strongly from his chest and Sherlock found himself entranced by the lovely melody. The John he knew seemed to fade away, replaced by a different version of him: younger, innocent, unmarred by war, pain, and humiliation.
“Wow, Charles, you’ve done it!” Billy exclaimed, a mixture of pride and disbelief on his face. “You’ve finally done it, you sly fox! All on your own, I didn’t even need to be there! Wow, that cut on her mouth looks perfect. And the way you arranged his legs….seems like you’ve really paid attention:”
And then the man moved away without another word, his assistant hurrying after him with the heavy leather bag pressed against his chest. As soon as he was sure the Professor had left the building Sherlock let out a deep breath he didn’t know he had been holding in. For some reason, tears were prickling behind his eyes and he frantically blinked them away, furious at himself for letting his stupid emotions get the better of him. He didn’t even know why he was so upset, why what had happened had made such an impression on him. It had made him feel even weaker and more helpless than the situation with John Watson and that said a lot for that one had been quite disastrous, to say the least.
Sherlock allowed John to support his head while he drank the water, washing the pill down. Despite the help, moving like that had exhausted him and Sherlock closed his eyes wearily as John helped him lay back down.
“Don’t worry, mate, “the voice of the man with the strong arms said, “I’ll take him home right now.”
Sherlock remained stiff and silent while his mind raced through the possibilities of how to proceed next. He could break this man’s arm, he had done so in the past. Or he could just punch him in the stomach and leave although if the man was fit enough which he could possibly be from his outer appearance he may still stand after that and counterattack which wouldn’t be so great because then they had to fight in earnest and Sherlock really wasn’t in the mood for that. He’d like to go to bed tonight without a black eye if possible. Asking the man nicely seemed useless because he appeared determined to make Sherlock’s life difficult right now, for whichever reasons.
Greg raised his hands, as John’s pacing was turning more hectically. He was practically vibrating with sudden fury. “Calm down, John, we’re going to find him.”
Magnussen’s sharp tone and his pointed glare were enough to shut Scott up and John felt a surge of sympathy for the younger Beta. Moreover, he completely agreed with him. Like him, he couldn’t understand why the Alpha of the injured Omega had the right to stop life-sustaining measures to be taken if his mate could have continued living after her coma. Yes, she would have been bed-ridden and disabled - maybe she would have tried to kill herself a second time as a result.
“J-John?” Sherlock’s voice was hoarse and weak. John tried really hard not to let it show on his face that he was appalled even though Sherlock was not really looking at him right now because he was still in the process of waking up.
Sherlock sighed, although he was relieved at the distraction, truth be told. “Alright. But only a little.”
And in Devon, he had forced John to go through a nightmare. Forced him to believe he was haunted by a huge monster with glowing red eyes, just to go through with an experiment.
He groaned in frustration because the answer was that he just didn’t know. He wanted to scream at someone.
He propped up a pillow against the bed-head and settled himself against it. Once again, he pulled Sherlock gently to his side and laid his head into his lap. He was reassured by Sherlock’s steady, quiet breathing and he readjusted the wet cloth and Sherlock’s forehead. He was still sweating profoundly.
Having been completely drawn in by Scott’s lengthy and incredible account of what was most of his life in that deep, gravelly voice of his - mesmerizing him, pulling him in, as if he were a creature of the deep sea - he was startled at the sudden silence, unprepared to be addressed out of the blue. He could see the impatience in Scott’s eyes as he waited for his reaction. There was apprehension in his pale features, something that John certainly did not understand.
When he expectedly didn’t get any answers he grimaced in overplayed disappointment and started to pace in front of the class again.
“Suck it, “she ordered. All the seductiveness and playfulness were gone from her voice. It was cold and merciless now. Leaving him no choice.
John thought for a moment, then nodded. Sherlock didn’t seem to register the foreign hands touching him as much as before and he was proven right when Sherlock barely reacted to the man administering the blood pressure monitor to his arm. He would probably fall unconscious very soon.
“Am I still drunk? Is that it? “Sherlock asked incredulously. “But I only drank two glasses of beer, how can that be?”
John froze. Almost instantly he could feel the rage and frustration rising within him and he knew he had to get away from here before he turned and said something really bad.
Out of breath, they withdrew from each other. Their foreheads brushed, as they held each other tightly trying to comprehend what just had happened.
Magnussen squinted at him warily, glancing at Scott again before he sighed and straightened. “Alright, Watson. You must really watch out better. I don’t think our insurance covers this, so I’m going to have to ask you to pay for this.”
He finally looked up at John whose heart nearly stopped as those sapphire eyes settled on him, studying him calmly. “Fine, “he repeated after a few seconds, even softer than before, as he waited for John to accept his declaration.
Pause. Sherlock started to type something into his keyboard. After a few moments, he realized Mycroft was still staring at him, apparently waiting for a reaction.
John swallowed his last piece of casserole and saw that Sherlock was also finished with his small portion. He was actually surprised that he had eaten it all, expecting him to lay down his fork halfway through the meal, proclaiming that he was full.
Moments that he remembered very well. Them giggling at a crime scene. Sherlock stripping John off his semtex vest, John’s eyes closed with terrified relief.
They turned to see a red-haired girl at the door to the auditorium wave at them, then indicate her watch silently.
Somehow, this thing had hurt him deeply. To think that John would pity him because he hadn’t managed to get laid at the age of 36. Not that it had been important to him until then. But at that moment, it made him feel vulnerable in front of his best friend. Exposed.
John reached out to trace the line of Sherlock’s face with his fingers, from the hairline down his beautiful cheekbone to the sharp angle of his jaw, cupping it gently and stroking his cheek with his thumb.
He looked up and saw the woman smile down at him condescendingly. He managed to raise an eyebrow and she chuckled. “Yes, Mr. Holmes, I know who you are. How could I not? After all, you’re a super famous detective solving every crime in London and beyond. I’ve seen you in the papers with your stupid little hat on.”
“Of course, “Mycroft said, as he picked up his umbrella from where it leaned next to the door, “you do know that I did this for him, yes? He deserves justice even if he doesn’t see it at the moment. I think you agree with me that this is the right path for him?”
“You haven’t slept that much. During the night, when the fever was at its worst, your sleep has been interrupted several times. It’s been on and off during the day, too, you were barely coherent most of the time, yet not fully asleep. So I’d say, you got maybe ten hours of sleep in the last 24 hours? Which isn’t nearly enough for someone in your condition. Ordinary people would need much more rest.”
He felt restless and confused and he desperately needed answers, but he didn’t know how to get them. Usually, it was so easy. He just had to look at all the facts and information, stored here in this vast space of his mind, to look at and sort through, a satisfactory result was almost always guaranteed.
John was highly irritated by the fact that the driver was taking the speed limit very seriously although the streets were almost empty. He looked at his watch, probably for the tenth time since he got in. They had been driving for twelve minutes now.
“Well, you seem fine, although I’m not sure about that temperature, it still might be slightly elevated, “he muttered, and Sherlock grinned triumphantly. “Promise me you let me take a closer look at you right after we’ve seen that corpse, alright? Especially your shoulder.”
Greg jerked his chin to the side. “Off you go. We’ll do the paperwork some other time. Text me later, will you?”
He suddenly felt a little weak in the knees and he followed his instinct without thinking, slinking back against the wall behind him and sliding down until he was sitting on the hard floor, pushing his knees against his chest automatically. A quick panicked look around assured him that John Watson and his friend were indeed no longer nearby and he let ut a deep breath in relief.
The sound of quiet snoring pulled him out of his monologue. He blinked and looked at Sherlock, shocked when he saw the other man had fallen asleep. He stared at him for a moment then he chuckled at himself.
“Sorry, Greg. I just couldn’t …. What he said about Sherlock…” He waved his hand helplessly into the empty space.
He smirked as he watched Sherlock trying to understand what was happening to him, his brow furrowed in utter confusion. “No, you really don’t, I can see that.” He reached out and brushed a sweaty curl out of Sherlock’s face. Then he stroked his cheek with his thumb almost tenderly. “Don’t worry, gorgeous. I’ll take care of you.”
John let out a shaky breath as he stood over his sleeping friend and he ran a hand over his mouth, feeling quite tired himself. What had happened just now? What had he done? He couldn’t yell at Sherlock like that not even if he behaved like a stupid git. He knew how he was, and he simply couldn’t allow himself to be triggered like that. God, he should be ashamed of himself.
He would twist his fingers into those soft, chocolate-coloured curls and yank his head back to expose that sinful pale long throat. He would then lick a trail down that beautiful quivering flesh down to the collar of his shirt, (yes that purple one), that he would rip off his body which would cause Sherlock to moan in anticipation, writhing against him in shameless invitation, helpless little pants leaving his parted plush lips, as he allowed John to run his hands down his half-naked body, disappearing into the alluring vee between his legs. His legs would fall open then, as he surrendered himself completely to John who would reach out to open the buttons of those tight trousers, they would fall to the ground and then he would   ….
He stood up, made his way to the door on wobbly knees, and opened it quietly, peering around the corner. He exhaled in relief when he saw Mycroft still standing at the window, speaking into his phone. He really didn’t need his nagging older brother to give him his ‘I told you so’ face.
His skin was still tingling from the way Sherlock’s breath had brushed against the base of his throat. His body had memorized the soft touch of curly, chocolate-coloured hair tickling his chin, the soft press of Sherlock’s long lean body curled against his own shorter one. After Sherlock had woken up that first time and he had lulled him back to sleep with his mother’s lullaby, John had stayed awake a long time, cradling Sherlock against him, basking in the wonderful feeling of warmth and comfort and rightness. He felt like he could lie there for hours, for days or weeks even. A lifetime, if Sherlock was only by his side, sleeping trustfully with his head resting on John’s chest.
With a sigh he looked at his handiwork. He had taken care of Sherlock’s wounds and there was little else he could do for now. Well, there was one thing.
“Well, “John said triumphantly, “I think it’s very important.” He turned to his landlady. “You see, Sherlock made a mistake. He thought the drug was in the sugar, he became quite obsessed with that thought. Only to be proven wrong in the end.”
A small wave of dizziness swept over him and he had to grab the bedframe to regain his balance. The room was spinning and already his hands were trembling again, as well as his legs.
“Mr. Holmes, I’m going to take a few photographs now. I need to take a picture of every single trace he has left on your body. Would you please take off your shirt?”
Mycroft threw a glance in John’s direction, silently asking him if he hadn’t warned Sherlock of his visit and John shrugged helplessly, indicating that there hadn’t been a chance to do so. Greg was watching them all in a daze of fascination as if he didn’t have a clue of what was going on.
Sherlock’s wide eyes focussed on his and there maybe was a spark of recognition, but he still kept on thrashing and John reached out and grabbed him by the shoulder.
Something flashed in his brother’s eyes, something that could be mistaken for hurt. But Sherlock knew he was wrong, Mycroft would never be hurt by something Sherlock said, he seemed incapable of sentiment at all. Which was fine by the way. Healthier.
Sherlock’s head snapped towards him. “What, you want to tell me what to do, too?” Greg just raised his hands defensively and shook his head, appalled at the sudden rage directed at him.
“Okay. I understand.” Greg nodded. “Well, we’re lucky then that Sherlock has a powerful brother with a minor position in the British government then, right?” and he chuckled, trying to lighten the mood somewhat.
Afterwards, he lay back down on the couch, but sleep refused to come which really shouldn’t have been a surprise. After that dream, it would have been something of a miracle, if he had just fallen into a peaceful slumber. So he found himself staring at the ceiling once again, after tossing and turning for what seemed like hours but in all probability were only minutes.
John grabbed his pen and concentrated on the lecture, refusing to look at the boy in front of him, although being painfully aware of his presence. The anger boiling in his stomach had receded to something more akin to resentment, but it was still there, gnawing away at his insides. More frustratingly, it was mixed with a lingering dose of doubt. He wondered if Scott had been right to accuse him of being a typical arrogant Alpha. If John’s misstep last week could really have been enough to make Scott believe that he was a bad person.
“John, I…I need....” he started, then his voice broke and John’s heart clenched hard in his chest, it was almost too much.
He slowly got off the bed and stepped over to Sherlock’s. “May I?” he asked softly, and Sherlock nodded, apparently surprised that John would ask his permission to touch him even after he had urged him to examine him. He reached out and gently took Sherlock’s wrist into his hand, checking the pulse. Then he leaned forward to look at Sherlock’s pupils, holding him steady by a soft grip of his chin. He tried not to think about how nice it felt to touch him and how near they were to each other. Sherlock’s eyes followed his every movement and he seemed to hold his breath as he waited for John’s conclusion.
He revisited a few places he and John had frequented, cases they had solved together: the foggy woods in Dartmoor, and the sterile laboratories of Baskerville. The swimming pool. Buckingham Palace. The morgue at Barts.
It felt a little weird to touch his friend so intimately. Although Sherlock seemed to have no concept of personal space when it came to John, they rarely really touched each other. He knew Sherlock didn’t like to have physical contact with other people and shaking people’s hands (or even embracing a few chosen people like Mrs. Hudson) was an almost daily challenge for him. John really seemed to be the one exception where he didn’t feel completely uncomfortable allowing more physical contact than he normally would.
Blood dripped out of her mouth, from her damaged tongue where Sherlock had bitten her. She spat a clot of blood onto the ground, then she glared at him hard, motionless for a minute. He met her gaze defiantly, aware that his body was fully shaking now, as he was apparently going into shock.
“You’re Scott Williams, right?” John asked, his tone light as he brazenly ignored the kid’s unconcealed hostility.
In an instant he was on the man and threw him off of Sherlock with all his might. He saw shock and fear in the other man’s face, he was lying on his back with his hands up defensively and for a split second, John just stood over him.
“That’s it, little detective, that’s all you’ve got?” he heard the woman sneer. “Pity. Oh well, seems it’s time to kill you now.” She pulled the gun out of Sherlock’s mouth and pointed it at his head. “Bye-bye, sweetheart. It’s been a pleasure playing with you.”
“Oh thank God, there you are!” he exclaimed, and without thinking he leaned forward and pulled Sherlock into his arms, crushing him against his aching chest.
you wanted to tell me?” John asked, now really getting tired. He had enough of Sherlock’s ramblings for one day.
“Yes, actually, I’m sure.” Sherlock shoved the photograph back to Greg. “I had a conversation with him before he drugged me and that I can remember clearly. He was right in front of me so yeah, it’s him and I’m sure.”
Sherlock stared at him in disbelief. “You cannot be serious! I don’t want to stay here! You know I don’t like hospitals!”
“You told him?” Sherlock looked at John incredulously but John shook his head patiently, meeting the younger man’s indignant’s glare without remorse. “Of course. You know how he is. He would have ripped my head off had I not kept him informed. And he’s your next of kin, it is my duty as your doctor to inform him. You were in danger of brain damage, Sherlock.”
“Wow, “Mike whispered next to him, and John simply nodded in agreement, his shoulders slumping as he let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding in.
His friend shook his head almost imperceptibly. “No, there’s nothing else, “he said with a small groan, breathless with the effort of talking, “no need to worry about me. I’ll be fine in a day or two.”
They sat down on a couch in the corner and talked. She told him that she was a business major, that she wanted to become a personal assistant to a CEO if possible, and that she liked to travel.
“John, it’s me, Mycroft. I’ve been informed my brother has run into some trouble again.” The sound of that unmistakable soft voice caused John’s hairs on his arms to rise up and he sighed impatiently: “Yes, you could call it that, “he gritted out, “he’s been sexually assaulted, Mycroft.”
He smiled at his reflection, flashing straight, white teeth. He wasn’t particularly vain but he knew that he was a good-looking Alpha in his prime and the truth was that he enjoyed being one. Although he was somewhat short, his broad chest and shoulders, as well as his well-defined arms certainly made up for that. Having spent a year and a half of training in the army, he was used to hard physical labor, and even after leaving, he spent a lot of time in the gym or running outside to keep fit. Playing rugby regularly of course also helped. His soft blond hair and sun-tanned skin added to his roguish handsomeness and he had been told by a good source that his smile in combination with his bright blue eyes was stunning, apparently able to ‘light up a whole room’.
The Alphas’ face was getting redder with every second, a vein in his throat bulging dangerously, and if that was not enough to indicate his increasing anger, the salty scent had turned into something different, something rotten. It made something deep within him curl up in regret. It made him want to fall to his knees, grab the older man’s hand and beg for his forgiveness, for saying such horrible things but he had gone so far now and he simply wasn’t able to stop himself.
John awoke with a start, springing into a sitting position. He gasped for air, hands clenched into the sheets at his sides, and he needed a few minutes to calm himself down.
John’s heartbeat picked up again as soon as he remembered what the two of them had been about to do before they had been interrupted.
“Come on, John, he’s not here.” Greg nudged his arm and John followed him back down the stairs. Their trail was cold now, what to do next? Maybe they should drive to Mr. Harrington’s house, see if Sherlock was there looking for new clues.
Mycroft looked at him with something akin to sadness and it completely rattled Sherlock. He wasn’t used to that look from his older brother, at all. Contempt, ridicule, irritation – those were the things he expected from Mycroft, those were the things he was comfortable with because he knew how to deal with them. Not this. Not this – compassion, or whatever it was.
“Scott, “John whispered urgently, but the young Beta only looked at him in disdain, shaking his head then turning back to his notes.
But to be blatantly refused like that? Almost spit in the face as Scott had just done now? That was almost insulting. John’s deed had not been that bad that it warranted impertinent behaviour like this. It was childish, to the point of being radically disrespectful, and John refused to accept this.
“Sherlock….” John’s voice broke and he looked down at his hands, trembling. He looked back up and saw a gleam in Sherlock‘s eyes.
He thought of them at Buckingham Palace, sitting on a couch, more or less clothed, laughing at Mycroft’s expense.
But just as Sherlock’s eyes fluttered shut once again, the deep baritone John loved so much piped up quietly. “John? Would you hold me until I fall asleep?”
She stepped around him to stand in front of him again. Then she crouched down so that they were face to face. He felt her hot breath on his lips, smelled her expensive flowery perfume and he forced himself not to draw back, although he really wanted to.
His lips were cold but soft, and it was the sweetest taste John could ever imagine. Sherlock opened his mouth and John cupped his face tenderly as he cautiously traced the seam of those perfectly shaped lips with his tongue, and the cold and exhaustion he had been feeling just seconds before were suddenly gone. Heat pooled in the pit of his stomach and John groaned as he resisted the urge to press Sherlock even closer.
Sherlock realized his whole body was trembling and hot, searing pain filled his head. Air. He needed air. His throat was sealed up tight and he felt as if he were being strangled. He clawed at it like an animal, as if it would make it suddenly fill up with oxygen. He felt himself choking and he coughed, his eyes welling up with tears.
“That bad, huh?” John’s voice was sad, brimming with compassion, as he cautiously stroked Sherlock’s hair, barely daring to touch his aching skull. “Hold on, I’ll get you some paracetamol real quick.”
“Alright alright, “he said, a little out of breath, “I’ll stay, but just for another half hour. Then I really must go home ‘cos I’m knackered.”
So. John was not gay, and he didn’t like to be called that. He had been appalled at everyone around him implying things about them and overall everything had been pretty clear.
“Well, yes, he stumbled into me a little while ago when I came back from my break and I helped him up. He seemed totally out of it, completely hammered. I was afraid he was going to pass out. But then your other friend appeared and left with him. So, don’t worry, he’s probably taken him home by now.”
But then Sherlock sobbed and he realized he got it all wrong. Sherlock didn’t want this. Sherlock had been dragged off by this man, apparently drugged and totally helpless.
It angered him. Here he was, thinking of himself as a man respectful of every gender, a gentleman, always charming and polite, and yet somehow, he had made a fool of himself in front of Scott. A feeling of bitterness rose up within him and he knew that if anyone were with him now they would be able to smell it. He was disappointed with himself and he hated that feeling.
Then he went into the kitchen and turned on the cooker. He really needed to eat something – he hadn’t eaten since his burger and chips last night and he was genuinely starving. He was very thankful for Mrs. Hudson’s vegetable soup, still in the abandoned pot. He would force Sherlock to eat something too. He had only eaten a handful of chips 24 hours ago and who knew when he had eaten before that. His body needed nutrients and it needed them fast. No backchatting this time.
“Sherlock, I …. I need to tell you something. I should have told you earlier, but I was just too much of a coward. Please, love, look at me.”
After his enlightening conversation with Molly, he was dying to know if his suspicions about the Beta and his background were true and he had wracked his brain all week, trying to think of a way to get to the truth without being too obtrusive.
He guarded Sherlock’s sleep for a long time. When Sherlock began to fidget again, he took the cloth off his skin and refreshed it with more water. A quick check of the temperature told him that the fever had barely dropped. He sighed although he had already anticipated that this would not be over that quickly. The fever had been kept in check when it had been first inflicted, it had only been very light. But after that second assault, different bacteria would have settled within the laceration, making it difficult for the antibiotics to fight the various heterogeneous attacks. The fever was raging in earnest now and it would not be easy to get it down.
“It doesn’t matter, does it?” he said slowly, meeting Sherlock’s gaze with an intensity that made him swallow. “You don’t want to listen to anything I have to say and at this point, I have to say, I’m quite at a loss because you’re getting it all wrong. But I need you to understand.”
John nodded quickly and Lestrade cheered joyfully. They hadn’t done such a thing ever and it would be fun to just be colleagues slash friends and have a good time. Not concentrate on solving complicated riddles, but just relax for a change. And John would really like to relax and for Sherlock to do so, too.
She had smiled at him, her eyes warm and kind, and she had stroked his cheek fondly. “Take good care of yourself, John Watson, “she had said.
But John Watson only shook his head, an expression of profound sadness on his face and it took the wind right out of Sherlock’s sails.
He was shocked at his own reflection. He looked wrecked. His hair lay dull around his face. There were deep shadows under his eyes, and he was pale, even paler than usual. There was a distinctive bruise on his right cheek, his lip was split. He looked simply pathetic, so he quickly averted his gaze.
“Right.” John understood perfectly. Sherlock couldn’t possibly want his parents to know for they would come rushing down to London to look after him and they wouldn’t stop fussing about him for weeks probably. No, of course, that would have been too cumbersome to endure, and John gave Mycroft credit for thinking of something so simple like that.
John sighed and looked Sherlock straight in the face. “Okay, so do you remember that we went out last night? You, me, and Greg Lestrade?” Sherlock nodded.
His first thought when he had seen the Alpha enter the lecture hall on their first day of ‘Advanced Toxicology’ had been how handsome and confident the man looked. The broad shoulders, the soft-looking dark blonde hair, the lazy smile curling around his lips. He had been irritated with himself, because what did it matter how anyone looked? He never noticed when somebody supposedly looked ‘handsome’, so what was different now?
He grabbed some bandages, a thermometer, as well as a small bowl with warm water, and two clean cloths. From the fridge, he grabbed a small bottle of water. This took him just over forty seconds and he almost stumbled in his haste to get back to Sherlock.
When he had gotten over his irritation, trying to recover from the small rush of blood into his cheeks, he had not been able to stop himself from stealing the occasional glance at the Alpha sitting a few meters away from him - luckily, he didn’t even have to turn his head a lot to take a look at him. He had noticed the way the Alpha had smiled and waved at other people. It seemed he was quite popular amongst the other students, but he didn’t make a big deal out of it. He also seemed to be very close friends with the sturdy bloke with the glasses, the one he had come with. They quietly talked to each other in their seats and Sherlock swallowed hard when he noticed the way the muscles in the blonde man’s biceps flexed when he leaned his elbows on his table. He was listening to something his friend was telling him, his sharp blue eyes lighting up as he laughed, the deep, vibrant sound an unexpectedly pleasant stimulant to Sherlock’s ears.
“Yes, Sherlock, you’re done, “Greg said. “But you should get yourself a lawyer, you’ll need one now.”
“You know. You’re a bonded Omega. I’m an unmated Alpha. It’s kind of rare for Alphas here on Campus to meet an Omega. So it’s kind of … well, amazing that I get to speak to you.”
“About … this. Us.” Sherlock was downright bashful, it was almost unbelievable. This was a whole new side of Sherlock and John was incredibly grateful that he got to see it.
Christmas. He would grant Holmes and Watson that. Engage in some sentimental festivities, snog underneath a mistletoe and what have you. And right when they thought, they had been forgotten, he would make his move. They wouldn’t even see him coming.
The second John saw him his heart started to pound in his chest and he quickly looked the other way, trying to concentrate on Mike’s words.
John’s hands relaxed at once and the woman fell to the floor again, twitching and making strange gurgling sounds as she tried to get some air into her lungs.
“Okay.” Greg was satisfied. “Now I only need your signature here.” He shoved the form over to Sherlock together with a pen. Sherlock hesitated only for a second then he quickly grabbed the pen and signed the paper. “Alright, am I done now?”
John was really trying to focus on the experiment. It was helpful that his lab partner was quite clueless and he needed to explain everything he did in detail, laying out the instruments as he worked. But although he really tried not to, his eyes kept flitting at the table diagonally opposite theirs, where Scott was working with Samantha. John could see that Scott was getting impatient with the other Beta, his eyes rolling dramatically as he snapped at her to write something down and for a moment he pitied her. He thought it was mean of Scott to treat the poor girl like that just because she wasn’t as quick and clever as him, but at the same time he wondered what would happen if he and Scott were lab partners: would they work well together, Scott appreciating John’s efficient, clean way of handling the tools, his quick way of thinking? Or would he snap at him as well, resulting in John snarling back viciously because he would bite his arm off before he would allow Scott to treat him like he had again?
Awkward silence settled between them. They both had the same thought and quickly lifted their cups, both blowing at it first, to cool it down a little. John stole another quick glance at Sherlock over the rim of his cup and somehow, they immediately focussed on the wonderful cupid’s bow of Sherlock’s lips as they tentatively sipped at the tea, causing a sudden rush of arousal to spike in his loins.
On the other hand, what could he do? He couldn’t force Scott to listen to his apology and it made him sad that the Beta apparently had no faith in humankind that he would react like that. He wanted to prove to him that he was different. That he was not like those Alphas he had met before, arrogant and self-entitled.
There had always been an underlying sense of passive-aggressiveness in John’s behaviour: some sort of frustration that he always tried to suppress but to Sherlock was visible, clear as day. It was there every time he exclaimed that he was not gay. It was there every time he talked about Harry or his parents, the reason for which the subject was banned between them most of the time. It was also sometimes between them when John expressed his irritation at Sherlock rushing off from a crime scene without waiting for John to tag along. That didn’t happen very often though.
“Well, not always, “she said, her tone turning wistful. “Many Omegas get married off quickly after they present and then they have kids and stay at home. Most parents look out for potential partners during their children’s adolescence, search for the ones with good jobs and a respectable background, you know? So that their children are well cared for. It’s why many young Omegas get mated to older, sometimes much older Alphas.”
“You should get some rest as well, John.” Greg said as he scrutinized his face. “You look really tired.”
He was still pulling out files, scowling at and disposing of them in seconds but still there was nothing.
“Okay, do you remember drinking anything a stranger gave you or that your beer tasted funny?” Sherlock looked at him in utter confusion and John cursed himself inwardly for not being able to ease his friend into the whole situation better.
“You could have given us at least another hour to get ready without all this hurry. We didn’t even have breakfast.”
“Oh, yes, I think that’s exactly what you wanted. Seems to me you couldn’t handle your precious friend in danger. When I met you two, I thought there was something strange about you. Both of you running around, solving crimes together, just like that. Who would do that? Well, as for Sherlock, it’s obvious, isn’t it? He’s a bloody psychopath that gets off on looking at corpses and doesn’t care who’s lying on the pavement in front of him at all!”
“So they’re practically forcing you into a bond because otherwise you would be bound to your parents for the rest of your life?”
Sherlock looked at the floor, playing with his cuticles nervously. “I’m fine, John, “he said stubbornly, but it seemed the fight had left him. For now at least.
“Yes, of course. I’m almost always assigned missions on such short notice. Although I must admit, that this one is rather unusual. I have never had to tend to the younger Mr. Holmes before, but it was only a question of time, since he seems to be someone who gets hurt quite often and I’m a trained corpsman, back from a mission in Saudi Arabia for two months now. I figured I would be the one assigned to tend to Mr. Holmes’ brother sooner or later.”
“I forgive you, you know, “John said after they had quieted down. “In fact, I’ve already done that in case you haven’t noticed.”
Dizziness washed over him once more and Sherlock struggled to breathe in and out. His vision was slightly blurry, the room was spinning. He closed his eyes again and wished the pain away when he became aware of the blood trickling down his face. Apparently, the blow to his head had been quite substantial.
Sherlock sighed and took off his shirt in one swift motion. He raised his eyes to the ceiling as if he wanted to say, ‘get on with it’. John once more was shocked to see the collection of love bites, bruises, and bite marks on Sherlock’s pale skin, but he tried hard not to let it show on his face. Hot, red anger threatened to overwhelm him once more and he bit the inside of his cheek in order to keep it in check. It hurt and it helped.
With another heavy sigh he pushed himself away from the sink and returned to Sherlock’s bedroom. It was time for another look at his friend’s vitals. There were still a few hours until dawn. Sherlock would sleep at least until morning, maybe longer. He had said he had experience with roofies and it was at least a bit true: he had treated one or two patients who had been subjected to them, but he had never held vigil over a victim he personally knew so he didn’t know exactly how long they would sleep. Drugs like that stayed in the victim’s system for 12-24 hours usually, 72 hours the most, depending on which drug had been administered. But every person reacted a little differently, according to body weight and height, etc.
No, this time, it was only the remains of the fever that had ravished his battered body and the worst of that was gone, he realized at once. He wasn’t freezing anymore, his body numb with depressing cold, neither was he a hot, sweating mess anymore.
“Could you please inform me when his blood test results come back?” He gave them his phone number and they left without further ado. Although they weren’t alone, naturally the commotion had caused Mrs. Hudson to come out of her flat and now she was standing at the room’s threshold with her hands on her mouth, totally shocked at the sight of Sherlock lying in his bed in the state he was in.
“You’re such an idiot, Sherlock! I can't believe you're....” But right at that moment, Sherlock’s eyes rolled back into his head and he collapsed to the ground.
“Hello, Dr. Watson, “the man said amicably as he offered his hand, “I’m Frederic, nice to meet you.”
“And you, Victor. Shouldn’t you be careful, trying to find someone to have sex with after what happened last week? Yes, I’m talking about the incident at Madame Martine’s where you snorted so much cocaine you weren’t even able to get it up, and that after you already paid for - what was it - three Omega prostitutes at once? A shame really, such a waste. And you really shouldn’t waste any more money, not after your father lost thousands of pounds investing in that Austrian firm that crashed at the stock market last month. You’re his beloved Alpha son, you really owe it to him to be less self-indulgent. But I see you’re still planning on snorting cocaine on a regular basis. Haven’t really learned your lesson then?”
His shoulder was throbbing painfully, worse than before, and he knew it must have gotten infected, causing his body to attack the threat with a high fever. He felt worn out, too weak to even move a limb and yet he couldn’t stand lying here anymore. With almost excruciating effort, he pulled his arm away from his face, starting to lift his head from the fitted sheet.
“But you’re an ex-soldier. Trained in handling guns. I find it hard to believe you wouldn’t be able to shoot her straight in the head if you really wanted to eliminate the threat to your friend. Or maybe shoot her gun out of her hand. You would have been capable of it. So why didn’t you?”
He could hear the man clear his throat in a warning and he forced himself to raise his head to meet the expectant gaze of the cruel man in front of him.
His eyes closed as something akin to hurt curled up in the pit of his stomach when he remembered the words his best friend had hurled at him at the hospital. The way his face had twisted with anger and frustration. At him, Sherlock, because he was the way he was.
Mycroft seemed a little uncomfortable, as he cleared his voice and finally said “Can I, uhm, can I see him? For just one moment?”
Sherlock’s breath hitched and he stirred a little so John continued to speak to him softly, stroking his hair and his shoulder to maintain the connection. Eventually, Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open.
She began to place soft little kisses on his face, his cheeks, his chin, circling his mouth like a shark. His breathing speeded up automatically and he tried to get his face away from hers but could hardly move because of the handcuffs and her arms behind his head. He hissed in pain when she suddenly bit into his lower lip and pulled.
But then he caught sight of Mycroft staring at him anxiously. He pictured John with the same expression on his face, clutching the phone’s earpiece hardly as he waited for Sherlock to explode.
He chuckled as he absently stroked his salt-and-pepper beard, his eyes wandering off as if he was recalling a particular memory from his college years just now. Sherlock was stuck staring at him, unable to get away lest he wanted to appear rude in front of his professor once again.
So yeah, this is from Sherlock's POV, for the first time ever. I've thought a lot about whether I'd like to tell this story from just John's POV...but since this is a story about Omegas and how they are treated in this world, I think it's vital to get Sherlock's perspective as well. I hope I'm doing him justice.
He grabbed his toothbrush and started brushing his teeth, as he went to his bedroom and pulled some random fresh clothes out of his drawers.
Because this was a fact that nobody seemed to get about Sherlock. He was a human being. He had feelings just like everyone else. He was breakable. Vulnerable. He was able to feel hurt and remember it, suffer because of it, just like everyone else.
Greg quickly pulled out a photograph and laid it on the table. Sherlock looked at it and said nothing at first. His breath hitched, and he swallowed down another heavy lump. “Y-yes, it’s him, “he said eventually.
But just a moment later, John Watson hat proved him wrong. He had ruined it by making it physical, thus substantiating his former belief that Alphas just couldn’t help themselves but be narcissistic blockheads. Ignorant arseholes. All of them.
John’s jaw tightened and he was staring daggers at the officer, but he remained silent. Dimmock only seemed to take that as in invitation to speculate further.
“John, “Sherlock waved him over without looking up from the corpse, “could you maybe take a look at him?”
The detective was kneeling next to the corpse, his hands busy grabbing into the man’s pockets, looking at his hands, his face, at anything that would serve as a clue. John could already sense the excitement emanating from his friend, he was scenting the corpse like a bloodhound on a leash. The game was on. It was a delight to witness and John reveled in the sight of it. It was as if Sherlock’s excitement were infectious, every time Sherlock was beginning to truly get invested in a case, John would do so, too. It was the most natural thing in the world.
“Sherlock, I ….” He swallowed. Blinked. His thumb pressed into the pale, soft skin and he realized that Sherlock was shaking.
They went outside to the terrace. There were a few people there, smoking and talking, but it was much quieter than inside the auditorium and they would be able to hear each other much better. Sipping their drinks, they slowly wandered towards the little Chinese garden in the back, walking side by side.
“It’s because I’m bonded, you know?” she said, blushing prettily. “Before, my scent was much stronger, even with the suppressants I was taking. But then I got mated and now my scent has regulated itself. It’s what always happens with Omegas, it signifies they’re unavailable to others now. The scent only returns to its original intensity when the Omega is in heat. Didn’t you know?”
Greg looked apologetic. “I’m sorry, mate, but my superior insisted. We just had that incident with you three days ago and I should have arrested you then, you know that. Mycroft got you out of that but with a body in the morgue, I can’t just leave it like that. I need your statement and I need your fingerprints.”
“You had a panic attack in your bedroom a little while ago, do you remember?” John growled, “do you want to pretend that didn’t happen, too?”
Then he realized he was thinking about Scott again and he scowled. Not this again. He was here to have fun, get drunk, dance, and maybe get laid, later on, not to sulk about Scott Williams again. How was this bloke weaseling his way into John’s mind yet again?
After a few more gasping gulps, John still didn’t feel very good. His head was pounding and his whole body was begging for rest, he was almost tempted to just close his eyes and go to sleep, damn it all. But then he became aware of the limp body in his arms and he renewed his efforts, forcing his aching muscles to obey his command. He needed to get Sherlock out of the water, as quickly as possible.
“Alright students. Now I want you to gather at everyone’s tables one after another and have a look at your experiments. Each pair will explain to the others what reactions in their sample they have observed and what their respective scientific explanations for those observations are. Start with the
Nevertheless, he took John’s hands softly into his and removed them from his shoulders. At his friend’s inquiring look he took another quick breath, his mind still fuzzy. “John, please tell me what exactly happened. I …. I remember there was a man …. He took me away from the pub … I’m not quite sure where …. And then I remember …. Him touching me …. Can you ….” He closed his eyes as the words refused to leave his mouth. He struggled to gather up his will and finally forced out: “Can you please tell me if he raped me? I don’t remember.”
Although his brain told him to just move on and get on to his next class, Sherlock couldn’t move. It was as if his body refused to answer his brain’s orders, his limbs heavy and useless as he stood there in the small tight space beside the corridor, staring after the Alpha who had left him there.
John glanced at him for a second, then looked down at the floor, his arms crossed in front of his chest. “I guess I am, “he answered eventually.
Then he resumed pacing and mumbling about laboratories and fake hounds and the importance of authentic experiments and John had to lean forward so he could make out all the crazy chaos spilling out of his friend’s mouth but it was getting difficult so he disrupted loudly once again: “Sherlock! Just get to the point.”
John wasn’t easily flustered but he was a little nervous. He registered his pounding heart with surprise. It was a very rare occasion that someone made John Watson nervous but unfortunately, this was very bad timing. He didn’t want his normally so confident and easy-going charisma to be compromised, especially in a situation like this. So he tried to push the uneasiness away, never letting the smile on his face die. The way the bloke looked at him, full of distrust and impatience, he knew he was walking a fine line and he had to choose his next words carefully.
“I said stop it, Sherlock, calm down!” he ordered loudly, using his Captain Watson voice, surprising even himself. Sherlock’s eyes widened further, and he froze at once. After a few seconds, he finally relaxed and rested his head wearily against the mattress. “John?” he asked, and he sounded so tired and exhausted that John choked back a sound of distress in the back of his throat.
John observed his friend from the side and just laughed whole-heartedly. For a moment, it was as if nothing had happened yesterday, they were just John and Sherlock, watching crappy telly on a weekday evening, enjoying each other’s company. For a moment, John could almost forget what had happened yesterday, that he had been incredibly fearful for the safety of his best friend like never before.
Feeling utterly restless and somehow not as in tune with himself as he was prone to when he went here, he surged forward, leaving behind a seemingly endless flight of stairs and corridors until he had reached the lowest levels of his palace.
Deciding that he really had to leave now, he looked once more around the room, careful to leave everything the way it had been, and then left. The floor looked the same and there was still light emanating from under the door on the other side. He couldn’t hear any voices though. He crouched down again and very softly made his way over to the other side. But just as he reached the staircase, he heard a noise behind him. Alarmed, he turned around but before he could see anything pain exploded in his head and his world went black.
But he couldn’t, his mind just wouldn’t function and how could that be, he knew he was maybe a little drunk but not that bad. Or maybe he had overestimated himself a little, underestimated the effect six weeks without much sleep and hardly anything to eat would have on his body and maybe that’s why he was getting more drunk even quicker than usual. Yes, yes, that had to be it. How stupid of him.
“No, Sherlock, “he murmured as his hand reached out to cup his face fondly, rubbing his thumb against his cheekbone, “none of that now. You’ve only woken up and I see you’re already worrying about things. Don’t. We’ll figure everything out. Together, yeah?”
It had been fifteen minutes since Sherlock had left for the loo. He knew exactly because he had checked his watch every two minutes. What was wrong? Could Sherlock have slipped and fallen in the restroom? Maybe he was sick from the alcohol and was vomiting into the toilet right now?
“I forgive you, John.” Sherlock’s words were quiet, and he was looking at him calmly, a little sad but determined.
“That’s good, love, keep still for me, “John whispered as he gently stroked through Sherlock’s sweaty curls. “Just a few seconds more, alright?”
He ran a hand through his hair, swallowed heavily as he stared out of the car’s window, trying to prepare himself mentally for anything that could await him at the flat. Anger, disappointment, resentment – he could deal with all that. It would be hard, and Sherlock could be really mean when he wanted to, even more than in his usual ‘subconscious’ meanness. But he would take it all, swallow it down and then force Sherlock to let him take care of him. Make him see that he really needed to rest, to look after himself.
Greg sighed. “He would have been looked after at the hospital. Why did you insist on taking him here?”
He looked up at their entrance. “I suppose you are finished with your examination then, Mrs. Wilkins?” She nodded and he said “Splendid. Would you please wait downstairs for me? I’ll be with you in a moment.” She nodded again and after a silent assessing look at John, she left the apartment.
It was late in the afternoon and John had managed to get Sherlock Holmes to do everything he had planned for him. He had eaten some more toast, drunk loads, and loads of tea. He had taken his medicine without complaint, all while fumbling with photos and reports from the crime scene Greg had sent to him. John knew that it was best not to disturb him when he was concentrating like this, so he didn’t. He worked around him, pushed cups of tea and pills into his hands while Sherlock was rambling away, and it all seemed like a perfectly calm and nice day to spend together like this.
He moaned as another wave of arousal surged through him, and he clenched his hands into fists to keep them where they were, utterly annoyed with himself.
“No, no, darling, come on, “his attacker scolded him sharply, “I’ve waited all night for this.” He viciously grasped Sherlock’s jaw, holding him still. A single tear escaped Sherlock’s eye as the man leaned forward to kiss him on his lips. He processed to greedily suck and nibble at his lips, devouring his mouth as if he wanted to mark his territory. After a few terrifying seconds, his tongue demanded entrance into his mouth but somehow Sherlock still managed to deny him that. Out of nowhere, the man bit him in the lower lip, drawing blood, and Sherlock opened his mouth in shock and pain. He felt something inside him die when the man’s tongue darted forward without mercy to lick inside his mouth. The man growled possessively and suddenly there was a hand on his throat, strangling him.
Having finished dressing, he grabbed a comb from the sink. He positioned himself in front of the mirror as he started to brush through his wet, unruly curls, trying to tame them into something agreeable.
The question took Sherlock by surprise and he reeled back a bit, his mouth closing as he came up short with a fitting retort. But it only took him another second to recover and he took another step forward, right into John Watson’s space, trying not to shiver at the growing scent of the stormy sea, rising waves crashing down in building anger.
Finally, the man’s gaze dropped and he ran bony, long fingers through his receding grey-blond hair, which matched his meticulous beard, as he cleared his throat.
“Williams! I should have known it would be you! What are you, an imbecile? Too bloody nervous to keep your hands steady? Or did you maybe want to destroy it to demonstrate your aversion to experimenting on Omega samples? That’s it, isn’t it? You did this on purpose didn’t you?”
“Hi, I’m sorry, “he greeted them a little out of breath. “Have you maybe seen two men? One of them tall, skinny, curly hair? About maybe ten minutes ago?”
Then there were the people he managed to charm into spilling the beans – he had come to the conclusion that quite a lot of people were susceptible to mindless, charming chatter, while others couldn’t fend off his on-the-nose flirting, a skill he had taught himself as soon as he had realized people seemed to …. respond to him in some way. He didn’t really understand the reasons for this peculiarity, but then again it wasn’t worth the effort thinking about it, so he simply went with it and used it for his work. As a result, many people were so overwhelmed by the simple presence of him that they ended up stuttering and stammering, eventually divulging secrets without ever having intended to do so. Sherlock just had this effect on people. Well, not on everybody, but for those that were strong-willed enough to resist his methods of persuasion he still had the police badge.
However, he felt a little bad taking comfort from touching Sherlock like that when he wasn’t awake – when he hadn’t
And even if he didn’t, he still needed to be looked after. He was in some desperate need of healing, physically as well as mentally. The first one would be dealt with sooner or later and John really hoped the shoulder wound would heal fast, he would see to it as best as he could. His mental health was another matter and it would take a lot more time for those wounds to heal. John could only hope that Sherlock would accept his help in that matter. Maybe it would suffice if he just conveyed to him that he was there for him and would never leave him. That he would protect him from now on, not only to make up for failing to do so before but also because Sherlock meant the world to him. Well, at least he would say something akin to that.
Everywhere Sherlock was, there was John: irreplaceable, dependable, unquestionable. A mind-shattering omnipresence, in reality, dream and mind palace, everything that was Sherlock.
She just nodded, apparently unmoved by this implied criticism of her professionalism, and turned to her bag again.
He shivered when he thought of the emptiness in her staring, dead eyes which surprised him because, after all these years in business, one should think that he had gotten used to this look.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m up, “he said as he closed the door behind him, anxious not to make any unnecessary noises. If Sherlock still needed to sleep, he should be allowed to get some.
“Sherlock, what are you doing, stop that!” John jumped off his bed and tried to grab Sherlock’s hands, but was pushed away immediately.
, he tried to tell that voice, but it was no use since he couldn’t really think. His hands trembled as he raised them to his temples, as he tried to block out these voices in his head, shouting at each other.
“No, go away with that awful muck you call food! It doesn’t even look edible, seriously, where do you get this from? I wouldn’t feed that to my dog if I had one!”
John was speechless. The great, cocky master detective was thankful. He was sorry and he was thankful. He felt really touched and he was at a loss at what to say.
, he broke through to the surface. He opened his mouth and wheezed as he gasped for air while simultaneously dragging Sherlock’s head up so that he would receive some oxygen too.
When he had unsurprisingly answered all three questions without fail he was taken aback by the strange glimmer in the pale eyes of the Professor: there was a little bit of disappointment, something that Sherlock had expected from the cruel man who obviously liked to see his students suffer and fail in their endeavors. But there was also something else: excitement, barely concealed underneath a layer of hard-faced sternness, and that Sherlock, for the life of him could not understand.
“Well, we’ll have to wake him then, because it needs to be done. You know that Dr. Watson, we cannot lose more time.” John looked away as Mycroft’s cold blue eyes pierced through him.
John felt a surge of compassion for her, she must have been worried out of her mind since he had called her earlier that night. He also felt gratitude for having another one of Sherlock's friends nearby and feel the same pain he felt, feel the same concern he had for him.
A sound of deep frustration and irritation escaped John’s throat, making both the other men look at him warily as if he were a caged bear trying to get out.
Scott scoffed. “It only explains his dedication to the project. It doesn’t affect his scientific abilities.”
He was manhandled into the bathroom not too gently and the door shut behind him. “Nine minutes and forty-five seconds, John,” Sherlock called through the closed door and John stared at it in disbelief. But then habit kicked in and he got in the shower, where he very quickly and efficiently cleaned himself.
After silently drinking tea and going over the details of their most recently solved case so his mind had something to do while he waited, John got up to check on Sherlock, as he had been doing again and again for the past forty minutes. His friend was still sleeping although he wasn’t resting as peacefully as he had been during the night. He was trembling and shifting, moaning in his sleep, tossing the blanket away from his body because, apparently, he was hot.
Sherlock closed his eyes in frustration. Where did this come from now? He was usually so focussed, so good at his job. Why was he obsessing over some stupid argument he had had with his best friend? John hadn’t really meant it, he had apologized, and that had been fine. Everything was good between them so why was he stressing out about it now? Why was he unable to bar the pitiful look John had given him yesterday from his mind? Why had he been unable to fall asleep yesterday until at least 3 in the morning brooding over the things John had said? He had been angry at first. Then sad. Then angry again for being sad. Stupid, stupid human emotions, they were just so tedious.
Suddenly, something in his mind shifted and everything around him became blurry and unstable for a moment. The walls of his palace were starting to tremble. He knew the technical reason for it: he was in shock for having realized something distressing and his mind was reacting to it.
Mycroft was muttering something under his breath now and John couldn’t really make out the words, but he was pretty sure he heard “imbeciles” and “only sane person here”. After a few seconds, Mycroft recovered swiftly.
He pulled away from Sherlock, sitting up on the bed and Sherlock had to restrain himself from chasing after him, grabbing John’s arm to pull him back against his body because he was already missing his steadying presence. At the last second, he stopped himself, frowning at his silliness.
John clasped his friend’s shoulder appreciatively as the lock clicked and the door opened. “I know. Good work, Greg.” He moved forward but was instantly stopped by Greg.
“Please, “he repeated, closing his eyes for a moment as he tried to get some oxygen into his lungs with obvious effort. “I cannot bear being in a hospital again. I’d go crazy. Please, please, please.” Something that almost sounded like a sob left Sherlock’s throat and he buried his face in his arms as he curled into himself again, still repeatedly pleading with him - “please, John, please”, his restless body shifting back and forth as it fought the unrelenting fever burning within.
“Sorry, I’m sorry. I’m really messing this up. I swear, I’m not doing this intentionally. Please, I just want to get to know you?”
“Maybe, to an extent, “John admitted. “But I shouldn’t have yelled at you like that. You were in the hospital, just a few hours after suffering from a second physical assault on you, you were under an impossible strain and I’ve added to that, bloody arse that I am. I am so sorry for doing that to you, Sherlock, seriously I can only ask that you forgive me.”
“Well, what are we waiting for then, “asked John, suddenly restless. “Let’s spread out and go look for them!”
His heart stuttered in his chest when suddenly somehow their eyes met across the room. Pale blue eyes lit up in light surprise as they fixed him with a piercing stare and John swallowed as he found himself the subject of intense scrutiny. He could feel his heart hammering in his chest, his Adam’s apple bobbing in his throat as he looked at the boy looking at him. Sudden heat crept upon him, spreading through his whole body. His throat felt tight and he fumbled at his collar in a meek attempt to get more air.
Dr. Stevens didn’t seem unnerved by John’s abrupt question. He was probably used to it. “Mr. Holmes needed six stitches on his skull. We’ve also done a CT scan, luckily there’s no swelling or bleeding in the brain, as far as we can tell. The blow to his head was quite substantial though, he’s got a nasty concussion.”
When she talked about traveling, he was reminded of the way Scott had deduced that he didn’t travel often because of his lack of tan lines and he wondered if the Beta liked to travel. The bloke was pale as a ghost, so it didn’t seem likely but who knew? In contrast to him, the Beta had money, that was obvious. Maybe he just didn’t like to travel?
John couldn’t help but notice the gaunt lines on Sherlock’s face, his prominent cheekbones protruding even more than usual, the grey tone of his skin. He didn’t look very well.
A pang of guilt filled John’s chest. He had pulled Greg into this and it was his responsibility to act level-headed. “Yes, of course, you’re right, Greg, I’m sorry.”
He noticed Mike’s worried look, could smell his scent sour slightly with unease, and he bent his head towards him, careful to speak quietly. “Oi, don’t worry, old pal. We’ll study together, show that old goose what we’re made of, right?”
Luckily, he was able to immediately pinpoint him as soon as he rounded the corner: he was about to enter the library through the front entrance and John immediately started running towards him, hoping he would catch him before he was through the door.
“Yes?” he whispered. “But that’s perfect, Sherlock, that’s all I ask. All I ask that you try to be more careful, so what would be so wrong about that?”
His exasperated cry was met with a deadpan face from Mike. “Mate. We didn’t know where you were. Besides, we didn’t want to interrupt your talk with Molly. It must have been interesting if you stayed away that long.”
“Wait!” he called once again and this time the kid looked up, just as he was about to enter the building. John could see him furrowing his brow in confusion as he watched John race towards him, finally stopping in front of him.
On his way to the bin he caught Victor’s eye and his mouth tightened when he saw the Alpha glare at him in open hostility. He rose an eyebrow as he threw the shards into the bin, meeting the Alpha’s challenge and for a second they held each other gazes, the tension rising between them across the room. Then it was over and John put away the dustpan again.
John’s eyes searched his anxiously as he took a deep breath and finally said, “You’ve been drugged.”
He still couldn’t help searching the room every time he went to a new course, trying to find a certain Beta student with pale blue eyes and dark unruly curls, but to his great disappointment, he didn’t encounter him again. Magnussen’s class seemed to be the only course the two of them attended together, which made sense because Scott wasn’t even studying medicine. Still, John had foolishly clung to the hope that they would share more than one class together, and when his last course on Friday afternoon was over he found himself clenching his jaw in disappointment on his way back to his dorm, his mood once again taking a turn for the worse after he had managed to put the snappish Beta out of his mind for a while.
“You told Mrs. Hudson everything about the drug and how you found out about it being in the fog and all, but you failed to inform her about your mistake.”
John threw him an exasperated look, but Scott simply stared back at him, defying him to tell him anything different.
Greg looked at his friend with a grin on his face. Typical John, couldn’t be without his best friend for a few minutes and he couldn’t help teasing him for it.
He looked so damn vulnerable lying there like that. A single sob escaped John’s throat and his hand quickly flew to his mouth in a vain attempt to restrain it. He took Sherlock’s still trembling hand into his and stroked it softly with his thumb. Sherlock was still whimpering and moaning very softly so John acted on instinct and lay down next to him.
The more he listened to the lecture, the more he managed to focus on today’s topic and when Magnussen eventually turned towards them, asking first Mike, then John a quick question on the most distinguishable characteristics of strychnine and thallium, both of them could answer him without difficulty, earning them a cold smile from their professor before he continued questioning students.
“I see, “Mycroft said, and John noticed a flash in his eyes as if he was annoyed but he might have imagined that. “How badly is he injured?”
Sherlock shuddered, resisting the urge to analyze the approximate level of alcohol this Jack guy would have in his blood right now from his breath and he took a step back, raising his hands defensively to put some sort of barrier between himself and the other man.
He lay there, stunned with the sudden revelation. He knew it was the truth as soon as he had thought it.
This night John had truly enjoyed letting go a little with Sherlock and Greg. Eating, drinking, laughing together. The simple joys of being with friends, sharing a nice evening together. They really should be doing this more often because it was totally fun. Even Sherlock had seemed to relax a little and on top of it, he had apparently gotten a little drunk as well. This was very unusual though.
The door was torn open and the round, chubby face of Mike Stamford peeked inside, as he shoved up the glasses that had slid down his nose.
“Don’t you think that’s exciting, Mrs. Hudson?” He took her hands into his to beam at her, an expression of pure bliss on his face, reminding John of a little boy on Christmas Eve.
“I believe Scott has asked you to leave him alone. So leave him be, “he said, his voice dropping in increasing anger.
He continued to look at him with a warmth in his dark blue eyes that made Sherlock’s heart beat faster and suddenly his mouth felt dry. If he wanted proof for his theory that John was in love with him it was right here, in this piercing pair of eyes that seemed to caress his very soul with just one look. It seemed almost unfeasible that he wasn’t right and he swallowed as he tried to hold John’s curious gaze.
“Because you stood her up, you berk, “Greg said, taking a deep breath, wiping his eyes. “She was looking for you but we could hardly tell her you were outside with another girl, couldn’t we?”
“John.” A smile spread over Sherlock’s face, it was good to hear his friend’s voice, it immediately calmed him down.
Determination written in his face, he dried his hands and slowly walked to the door. He didn’t want to appear weak, but he also didn’t want to overdo it - he knew his body was unpredictable until the drug was out of his system. He needed to know what exactly was in his blood now, slowing him down, so he could know when he could expect it to be normal again. He hated being powerless to the drug’s effects on his body some awful stranger had decided to subject him to. Just to take …. revenge or something. Sherlock closed his eyes. He didn’t want to think about him anymore. It wasn’t worth his time.
Quickly, he paid the driver and scurried out of the vehicle to hurry after his friend. The same friend who was already in the process of ducking under the yellow tape, his coat floating ominously behind him. Sally Donovan was there of course, with her usual smirk as she welcomed him with a hearty “There you are, freak!”
“I’ll be right back, Sherlock, “John said, “I just need to make a few quick phone calls.” Sherlock just glanced at him and didn’t say anything, so John left.
After a few more swabs, the most important ones the ones from under his fingernails, she was finished. She had collected every sample in plastic bags, signed and sealed, ready for analysing.
Um, hi, to anyone still reading this - I'm back. I am so sorry for the late update. I just found myself in a place where I simply could not write. I always wanted to, but sadly, I couldn't. Recently, I've re-discovered my writing energy and I am so happy that I did.
“Yes. Alright, “Sherlock repeated in the same tone, almost monotonous. “I do hope everything gets cleared up for you, John. Going through a whole trial would be really tedious, I guess. Alright, see you tomorrow, hopefully. Good luck.”
“Hey, hey, “John said with a chuckle, in spite of his growing anxiety, “no reason to insult me. I haven’t insulted you, have I?. I just asked you out. You don’t date, alright I got it. I’d still like to get to know you.”
He was glad that Greg and Mycroft had stopped by. They could be sure that everything was finally over now, Sherlock’s remaining attackers safe behind bars where he belonged, and John truly free from any charges that would keep him away from Sherlock. Everything was finally okay and they rest assured now, tend to each other, make that tension between them disappear.
Magnussen’s lips curled up slightly. “She didn’t wake up, as far as I know. Her wounds would never have healed completely and she would have probably stayed bed-ridden for the rest of her life, never be able to breathe on her own. Her mate decided to put her out of her misery.”
I found writing this chapter (and the next one, technically they belong together, but the chapter was getting so long, I had to split it) quite difficult. Wrapping up a story in a way that makes sense is kind of hard... Feedback, as always, is very much appreciated ❤
Or maybe he should give Sherlock some peace. As he had told Mycroft, it had all been a bit much for Sherlock. The stress, the fever, all the trauma he had been through, and then being faced with John’s raw emotions…
There was no way of getting around it and he had to do it quickly. He had to make sure and he couldn’t bear going on without knowing. So he would risk it. And if he was wrong, he might lose John’s friendship.
“Can’t you do it, John?” Sherlock’s eyes were glistening with unshed tears and John found himself mesmerized, unable to speak for a second. Then he recovered. He blinked and slowly shook his head.
“Okay, great, so you’ll take care of him?” The nice waiter with a name starting with a B or a P asked. “Because I don’t think he’s well, he should probably go home.”
He had always been popular, with boys and girls alike. The boys liked his casual friendliness, his loyalty, and honesty. He was the type you could share a few drinks with, play a quick round of darts with, go clubbing, easy fun to be around with. But he was fiercely loyal, too and he would always have his friends’ back, be it when they needed a study buddy in preparation for next week’s test, or someone who bought huge boxes of ice cream and three kinds of crips to watch Ghostbusters together after they had just been dumped by their latest girlfriend.
Sherlock didn’t mind being by himself though. All his life, he had been forbidden to be by himself. Surrounded by his family, household staff, or classmates and teachers at public school, there was rarely a chance to get some free time just for himself. He had sometimes managed to sneak out of his room to go into the garden, only to be chased back inside by one of the maids or gardeners, who had been instructed to watch over his steps, make sure that he didn’t get into any trouble.
Other times, he would sort through his memories to delete ones that weren’t important anymore. Many things that he had saved years and years ago would not be relevant to his more mature self now and it was satisfying deleting a few things that wouldn’t take up so much space in his mind palace anymore. And he needed a lot of space. His brain was like a sponge, it constantly soaked up information – always, everywhere - and although his mind palace was gigantic, consisting of hundreds of floors, every single one split up into several corridors with several adjoining rooms filled with countless files and memories, even to his genius there were limits, which made it necessary to take stock from time to time and delete unnecessary stuff.
“What did you think would happen?” Dimmock sneered at him from the side. “Do you think you can just wander around, shooting people, and then go back home as if nothing’s happened? A woman is dead because of you, Doctor Watson!”
But somehow, he didn’t believe that. He tried to ring him once more, but again, there was no answer.
It would have been nice to get to know him. Not only because the bloke was incredibly hot, but also because he was like no other person John had ever met before. The way he had deduced the most important facts about John’s life, the way nothing seemed to escape his sharp eyes - it was extremely fascinating and John wanted to know more about him. Had he always been that way? How had he been brought up? Why was he so bitter and angry all the time? Why wasn’t he interested in dating?
“No! Just keep quiet for once! I need to say this!” He paced the room impatiently, his throat felt tight all of a sudden. He stopped and took a couple of deep breaths, focussing his gaze on Sherlock again eventually.
“Why? You’re asking me why? Are you trying your hardest to make me angry or what is your agenda here?”
“I’m sure of it, “Mycroft said calmly. “He’s already threatened to kill me and my assistant twice in the short time we’ve been here with him, I don’t think you would have been in any such danger if you were here, don’t you think?”
This came from Lestrade who had followed them on their way away from the arrested man and the hustle around him.
Everyone was staring at Magnussen with disbelief and he chuckled as he tilted his head and body to the side, stroking his beard seemingly pensively.
It suddenly occurred to him how ridiculous he had been. He hadn’t even considered bedding another man. Being a natural with girls, John knew he would not ever have trouble finding a pretty female to get intimate with, but now he realized there were other options he ought to consider.
Once again, he quickly checked Sherlock’s vitals. Strong but slightly erratic pulse. Slightly elevated breathing. Slightly hot forehead. Normal Pupils. Sherlock eventually stirred when he sensed John’s hand on his face.
He mustered up all his strength to try to move his arms and indeed managed to shove at the arm holding him upright. The other man was so surprised by his weak but sudden movement that he let go of him for a second, which resulted in Sherlock tumbling onto the hard ground unceremoniously like a sack of potatoes. It hurt because his muddled brain failed to order his hands to break his fall, so he landed on his left cheek with a soft
“So how long do you intend to stay here?” Sherlock asked, trying for once not to sound annoyed. “You’ll leave as soon as John’s back, right?”
John carefully approached the three students, taking advantage of one of the wide columns so that they wouldn’t see him coming. Soon he was close enough to be able to pick up what they were saying.
Mycroft nodded slowly, as if he had realized something, then he turned away, pulled out his phone again, and quickly dialled a number.
“I’ll call reinforcements then, “Greg said with a sigh, and he pulled out his phone. All John could do was nod. Hopefully, it was not too late.
Sherlock was a shivering mess in his arms, and he didn’t say anything at first, still wheezing for air, his eyes wide open with confusion, his body weak in John’s vice-grip.
Proof that the agency funded the costs of shipping people from other countries here, proof that they stole their passports, rental agreements, and layouts of houses big enough for as many as twenty people.
Speaking of Mycroft, didn’t he say that they were under surveillance? How could Sherlock sneak out of the building without them noticing? Or maybe they had noticed and were following Sherlock right now? But Mycroft would have contacted him, if that were the case, to nag at him for not looking after his younger brother adequately.
Sherlock sighed and nodded. “Yes. That night…was honestly truly terrifying for me. I lost control over myself. I was scared, John. In a way that I couldn’t think clearly anymore, I wasn’t myself anymore. By losing control, I lost myself and I cannot imagine something more terrible happening to me.”
He looked up at them having realised he was rambling a little and saw them staring at him in concern. He had to look quite a mess to them, not having slept all night, with rumpled hair and blood-shot eyes. Maybe he should take the time to shower sometime soon, brush his teeth, too. But only if Sherlock was taken care of.
Robert smiled to himself as he remembered the way Susanna had even disposed of a few meagre secretaries of his, just because they had been prettier than her. He had told her that she was being ridiculous, that even though they were pretty, good for a quick tumble in the sheets in the afternoon if he felt like it, they couldn’t hold a candle to her.
There was barely any reaction at all visible in John Watson’s face but Sherlock was sure he did not imagine his lips twitching with the hint of another little smile.
“Hey, Molly, I’d like you to meet someone. This is John Watson, one of my best friends. John, this is Molly Hooper, we have a few seminars together.”
He needed that or they would charge him for the missing glass and then John would make fun of him and that alone was reason enough for him to accept the full glass from the other man’s hand. He was careful not to let their fingers touch because that would be disgusting.
He fixed John with a pointed stare, pushing his hands casually into the pockets of his black trousers.
However, his mind was not completely at ease. Sherlock was traumatized by what had happened to him, but he refused to let his feelings how, he was unwilling to process what had happened. John knew it had been far-fetched to believe his friend would have agreed to see a therapist. But he had hoped he would maybe talk to him. To his best friend. That he would have enough trust in him to confide in him, to talk about his fears and anxieties.
John quickly grabbed his medical bag. He needed to examine Sherlock once more before he went to sleep again. He went into the bedroom and found Sherlock sitting on the edge of the bed, apparently waiting for him, his shirt was off.
John was incredibly tired so he decided he should better take the opportunity and catch some sleep as well. He wanted to be near Sherlock though in case he needed his help, so he decided to nap on the sofa. With the alarm set for two hours, he settled down with the blanket thrown over himself and fell asleep in a matter of seconds.
Greg welcomed him with a bright “Good morning” and John was exhausted. He was also anxious because he really wanted to believe in Mycroft and rest assured that he would get out of here today. He needed to get out, he needed to see Sherlock, talk to him, make sure he was alright.
At last Mycroft reached out and brushed a curl away from his brother’s face. His fingertips lingered on Sherlock’s temple as if he couldn’t decide whether to stroke his head or not. In the end, he just took his hand back again and stood up.
Mycroft had been right of course. That he had been sure of when he had defeated Irene by exposing her feelings for him. Checkmate. Game over.
Greg was right of course. They needed to sneak over there slowly so as not to make themselves known to Sherlock’s attacker and then look out for a good opportunity to overpower them.
Sherlock couldn’t help but roll his eyes dramatically, a gesture he knew John was expecting because it belonged to their routine.
Sherlock took a few steps forward and waved his arm angrily in John’s direction. “Yes, you blockhead, you’ve got that right: I was NEARLY raped. It didn’t happen so there’s no need to examine me!”
“Why do I feel so strange, John? My body…I don’t feel good and I’m so tired.” Sherlock felt the well-known call of his most inner self, pressuring him to analyse his body’s symptoms, to deduce himself. But he just couldn’t get his brain to function - it felt as if there was a thick, black mass of wax in his head, sticking over his synapses so they wouldn’t be able to pass any signals. To analyse, to deduct, to be himself: it was just not possible right now and that scared him to the core.
She giggled, covering her mouth with her hand. “On the contrary. It was very late and had we waited any longer, it would have looked very suspicious. God, you really don’t know anything, “she said, as she shook her head at him with a little laugh.
At least it seemed so. Mycroft could be mistaken, of course. He seemed quite sure of his younger brother’s feelings for John, though. There hadn’t been a hint of doubt in his cool, arrogant voice as he stated the fact that Sherlock had always cared for John. His voice hadn’t been cool or arrogant when he told him that Sherlock had called out for John when he was locked away in his mind palace. Instead, he had sounded soft. Gentle. As is he was spelling out the truth to John in a tender manner, as if John needed to be told softly. Maybe Mycroft suspected that John wouldn’t believe him?
Sherlock rolled his eyes at that but John knew he was eager to get out of here so he would try and behave. When the nurse came to repeat what John had done a few minutes ago, Sherlock didn’t resist and when she asked if he wanted another pill, he thanked her and confirmed.
“I was on the verge of going without you, “Mike said in a reprimanding tone as he took his place at John’s side, quickly adjusting to his swift pace as he handed him a steaming paper cup of coffee. “Class is starting in five minutes.”
John banged his fist on the table and jumped out of his chair, causing Sherlock to stare up at him with wide eyes, shocked at John’s sudden outburst.
John turned to him, hopefully. “Yeah, that’s what I thought. Apparently, he’s had some bad experiences with people, that’s why he reacted that harshly. But maybe I can make him see, Mike, maybe I can persuade him that it was only foolishness of me, not my general character. Not all Alphas are awful.”
“Just because he is too stupid to see the reason behind someone taking care of his most basic needs doesn’t mean he isn’t thankful for your presence, Dr. Watson.” Mycroft sounded as if he had to explain the most basic grammar rules to a small kid. “Don’t you realize he’s lost without you? You were the one keeping him sane after what happened to him. Without you, he would have come apart at the seams.”
“Sherlock, “he said, grinning back despite himself, but the worried frown replaced the smile at once, “please leave it for me to decide when to fret, alright? Are you sure there’s nothing else? You look terrible, what have they done to you?”
“Alright, I’ll release you then, “she said. “You’ll just have to sign some papers and then you are good to go. I’ll prescribe you some painkillers for your head and I strongly advise you to take it easy for a couple of weeks. You really need to rest. No strenuous physical activities, no sports, don’t drive vehicles of any kind or ride a bike, avoid any kind of alcohol. If you experience any dizziness, nausea, severe headache or any other drastic symptoms, please come back to check with us for more tests. It’s highly improbable that there will be swelling or bleeding in your brain after so many hours, but there is a small chance, so please let Dr. Watson monitor you closely and treat yourself to some rest, Mr. Holmes.” She fixated him with a musing, thoughtful stare. “Alright?”
“There you are, “John said, and he cupped Sherlock’s jaw with his hand, stroking the side of his face with his thumb, a sad smile on his face. “we need to go to the hospital now.”
Suddenly there was a gun in her hand. Which she pushed into his mouth. “Open up, little detective. Or I’ll kill you right now.”
Magnussen indicated the broken glass and steel on the floor. “Very well then. Get yourself a dustpan and clean this mess up.” He stepped away from their group, dismissing them all without apologizing to Scott or taking as much as a glance at him or John again.
“Okay, love, it’s alright, “John said nevertheless, and he took a deep breath before he reached out to pull the sleeves of Sherlock’s t-shirt from his slender arms.
After a while, Sherlock’s shoulders slumped, and John was shocked to see naked despair in Sherlock’s eyes. It was only there for a second and then the eyes were flittering towards John in panic, afraid that he had seen this moment of weakness. John was unable to pretend he hadn’t seen it and Sherlock’s face hardened when he saw. He swallowed heavily and turned his gaze towards the telly again, pretending nothing had happened.
She seemed delighted to hear him say that as her whole face lit up. “You too!” she said eagerly. “Do you wanna dance?”
It calmed John, thinking that he may have found his answer to this intriguing puzzle. Because if he was right, he could understand Scott very well. It still seemed rather radical, deciding something like that - but it would make him very human, and after the harsh, cold treatment he had given John, it seemed nice to think of him that way. John wanted to know who exactly had been hurt and what role Scott had played in all this. But he couldn’t just ask, could he?
“I’ll send you the details of the doctor’s report as soon as this call is finished. You should also know that the rape kit has produced significant results and we have collected enough of DNA that my team of lawyers reassured me will be enough to convict …. that man.”
He opened his eyes again and quickly sat down beside Sherlock. He lay there with his shirt still open, his legs wrapped in a wool blanket one of the paramedics had covered his trembling naked legs with.
“Of course, “he replied, as he re-arranged his rimless glasses on his nose, still staring at Sherlock through them in his unsettling manner. “Anything at all, Williams. Understood?”
“I’m sorry for yelling at you, I’m sorry, “John whispered as he held his friend in his arms. “Please come around, I’ll stop yelling, I promise.”
“You heard what I said, “John said heatedly. “I know I was out of line with you, I know that I went too far. I knew it the second it was over, and I regretted it immediately. I felt really bad afterwards, and I wanted to apologize to you all week. So don’t brush me off like that, it’s not fair.”
“Ah, here we go again,” Dimmock chimed in, rolling his eyes dramatically, “You’re really infatuated with him, aren’t you? Strange, really, to fall in love with that annoying freak.”
“I want you to know that I truly mean it, “he murmured, his eyes flitting towards Sherlock’s lips for just a second, but Sherlock was certain he had seen it. “If you find yourself in a troubling situation, if you need someone to talk to, if you have any problems at all … you can come to me and we’ll find a solution for you. Together.”
At himself, for falling victim to the weakness of sentiment. If he hadn’t befriended John in the first place, he wouldn’t feel the need to solve the mystery of their relationship now. He would have been content to have a friendly colleague at his side, someone to give medical advice, someone to take care of his transport when it needed medical attention or looking after when he was in his mind palace, and of course, someone to share the rent with. A good practical relationship, no confusing unanalysable feelings involved.
Who would have thought that someone like him – someone who always clashed with other people because of the way he was - could find a best friend. All his life people had turned away from him, either because they couldn’t cope with his extraordinary personality or because they were simply fed up with him deducing everything about them all the time. People didn’t like to be reminded of their weaknesses, as a result, they couldn’t bear to be around him. Initially, many people were entranced by him. He had often observed how people were impressed by his presence, by his wits and if he was in a good mood, his charm. That’s the reason why he managed to get so much out of witnesses – they only spent a little time with him and if he didn’t overdo it, he could manipulate them into giving up their little secrets.
John was lying right in front of him, his face only a short distance away. His legs were entangled with Sherlocks, his bare feet tucked between Sherlock’s calves, nestled there comfortably. His bright blue eyes were studying him intensely and he realized that John had been awake all along.
As Sherlock was rushing through his deductions, John’s belly filled with a warm, fuzzy feeling and he felt a wave of fondness wash over him. How could anybody be such an arrogant, nosy bastard but so endearing at the same time? At the same time, he got lost at the look of Sherlock’s lips, moving rapidly through the monologue.
He fought his way through the mass of people and went outside. Tonya was waiting in the queue with another girl, and her face lit up as soon as she saw John coming.
Charles leaned forward into Sherlock’s space, his face twisted into an angry snarl. “Maybe not. I could decide to just cut out your annoying little tongue, no more nonsense spilling from that filthy mouth of yours. Cut your eyes out, too, so you wouldn’t be able to identify anyone. Still seems a better alternative than to die. Your corpses rotting at the bottom of this river. Your choice, mate.”
Their living room, him curled up on the couch, far away in his mind palace, John in his chair, typing away at his blog.
“You very rarely are, Sherlock, but as your doctor, I insist.” John’s look was strict as if he were talking to a little child. Sherlock pouted a little, then he shrugged.
A hysterical giggle escaped John’s mouth involuntarily. When Sherlock arched his eyebrow questioningly, he shook his head in amazement. “Sherlock, you cannot be serious right now. You’re bleeding and in shock, but you’re already planning on taking on another case as soon as possible, aren’t you?”
“No, Sherlock, I mean it.” John’s look was stern, and he didn’t even yield when Sherlock gave all he got by and tried his puppy face. It dissolved quickly when he realized John’s mind wouldn’t change.
He knew he needed John to take care of him and still he resented him for it. For being so fussy, for being so overly protective.
Everybody started talking and packing up their things. John’s gaze however was immediately drawn to Scott who pulled his bag over his shoulder and, after throwing a quick, wary glance in John’s direction, walked away swiftly. John stared after him but although his instinct told him to go after him and make sure that he was alright he didn’t. It seemed that Scott had already pegged him as an Alpha arsehole and it seemed improbable that he was going to change his mind. John had no idea how he could get the Beta to see the good in him and he was tired of trying. He had blown his chance with him, he had to accept that.
John’s own breathing suddenly quickened as Alpha and Beta stared at one another, their faces only inches away from each other. Desire flashed hot and demanding in the pit of John’s stomach as he couldn’t help but focus on those perfectly-shaped lips, slightly moist, irresistibly alluring, and he wanted to kiss them, claim them, to mark them as his.
They entered the building reserved for medicine classes and hurried through long, winding corridors, passing several students still lingering outside on the floors, seemingly unconcerned about the classes about to take place.
He sobered down in the cab when he realized that Sherlock had not given him any chance to check his vitals or give him his antibiotics. Speaking of antibiotics, Mycroft should have contacted him with the results of the swabs. Maybe he had, he didn’t really have the chance to look at his phone either. He pulled his phone out of his jacket and saw he had a missed call from Mycroft, one hour ago.
But truthfully, he didn’t think that it would be that simple. Scott didn’t seem like a person who would forget as easily as Mike thought. It was obvious to John that the young Beta student wasn’t like other people. Amongst other things, he was clearly extremely intelligent and very attentive, and surely that would include remembering every detail of the dreadful conversation with an obnoxious arrogant Alpha who couldn’t keep his hands to himself.
No, no that couldn’t be true. Mycroft was just exaggerating their friendship in order to get John’s spirits up.
At John’s incredulous look at him Greg shrugged helplessly. “I’m sorry, John, but I have to know. We saw you attacking a man rather brutally and we have to know the exact circumstances.”
John’s mouth opened, then closed again. He was speechless. Mycroft had really come through for him. He was free.
“See?” John’s tone was slightly reprimanding but still kind and patient. Sherlock allowed him to push him back into his pillow but he fixed him with what he hoped unnerving glare.
Then he noted the tall, burly man in the corner. He was clad in a black suit and dark sunglasses, his arms were folded casually in front of him, although there was a gun in his hands, too.
“And where were you, Doctor Watson?” Mycroft’s tone turned accusatory. “I thought you were looking after him. What, did you fell asleep next to him on the couch?”
All his instincts were screaming at him to get away from that man, to get somewhere safe - but he couldn’t just leave, so he swallowed and waited for the Professor to end this little charade, his hands clenched into fists at his side.
On a crossroad he made a quick decision and followed the smaller, darker path instead of the brightly lit one. After following that path for a while, he decided to leave the path on instinct and just walk cross-country, through the open meadow. There weren’t as many lamps here, if Sherlock had just been robbed by this guy, maybe he had left him here?
Sherlock snorted and he bit his lip as he shook his head frantically. “But it is my fault, John! If I hadn’t gone to the agency you wouldn’t have had a reason to be there and save me again. I was …. stupid, just like always, reckless, and I should have known better. You were right with what you said to me in the hospital. I am an idiot and I always get us into such terrible dangerous situations. I’m sorry.”
With new determination John stepped out of the building and was on the verge of turning around the corner when Greg called after him.
The brothers had a point though. How strange was it that they were having fun when they were about to be murdered?
John nodded and he leaned forward to quietly talk into Sherlock’s ear. “Sherlock, I’m sorry, we have to take a blood sample from you now, I fear its gonna sting for a second. But I’m right here, it’s only gonna last a second, okay?”
His voice trailed off and he reached out on instinct, grasping Sherlock’s hand where it lay between them. His breath hitched in his throat as he took another deep breath and looked at Sherlock in earnest.
It seemed someone had kidnapped his friend. For what reasons he didn’t know, of course, there were several options. There were many crazy people out there, maybe someone wanted to take revenge because Sherlock had put one of their relatives into prison. Or maybe they wanted to hold him to ransom: he was quite a famous figure now, maybe someone was just trying to blackmail Mycroft into paying a hefty sum. Or –
“Uhm, so I understand Mycroft has appointed you to look after Sherlock during my absence?” John asked, a little unsure how to begin this conversation.
“You didn’t make me go through anything, “he managed to say eventually, swallowing heavily. “Okay? It’s not your fault I was arrested. It’s not your fault you were almost killed by some madwoman.”
Feeling the nurse’s steady gaze at him, Sherlock scowled at her for a second then he quickly downed the water together with the pill.
They stopped in front of one of the rooms, where in contrast to before nobody was waiting in front. Mike pushed the door open, John right behind him.
There was the sound of hard breathing and then the sound of a zipper being pulled down. John hesitated once again. He didn’t want to disturb these people, maybe they were just into some kinky stuff … but instinct told him to go on.
Without further ado, John let go of the unconscious man, stepped to the edge of the boat, and dived into the water headfirst. Thankfully, it was only September, so the water wasn’t too cold, although it was cold enough to momentarily take his breath away.
He made the same dismissive gesture with his hand he had used before - it seemed to be one of his trademarks - and at once, almost all of the students jumped up, grabbing their stuff and almost tripping over themselves in their haste to get out.
“No, John.” Sherlock’s voice sounded bitter. Resigned. “No, don’t take your words back. Because you really were right. But here’s the thing.”
John scoffed. “What do you mean, ‘does he know’? Of course, he knows. He always knows everything that’s going on in this country and he sure as hell knows everything that’s going on with you. Who do you think made it possible that you were allowed to go home, instead of the hospital, to be treated by me, here?”
“The bite on the shoulder is infected. Nothing too serious, but you should probably adjust the antibiotics and watch his temperature, he is at risk to develop a fever, I am told.”
On a whim, he took a look at his reflection in the mirror for a long time, although he had to force himself to do it.
“And you didn’t fail.” Billy finally looked up from the pictures and grabbed Charles’s shoulder firmly. “I’m so proud of you, little brother. This means so much to me.”
He had also loved her, he guessed, at least in some kind of possessive, all-consuming way. The way that would probably have led to utter chaos and destruction some time sooner or later, but that didn’t matter anymore.
Mike smiled at him and John clasped his shoulder thankfully before turning and stepping into the second row, his Beta friend right behind him. They took two seats in the middle of the row, John taking the seat right behind Scott. The young Beta’s eyes were focussed on his notes onto which he was scribbling something and John had no idea if he had seen him walking in or coming so close. A quick glance at the large clock on the wall told him that he had about ten minutes left until the start of the class, so he needed to get the conversation started now.
“Yes, “Mycroft chimed in, “that is right, brother mine, so be grateful that Doctor Watson has wisely chosen to inform me, or I would have found out another way and things might have ended less fortunate.” Sherlock raised his eyebrows in an obvious challenge and Mycroft just smirked condescendingly, knowing his brother all too well.
Fifteen minutes earlier, at the police station, John was staring at the phone speechlessly. He looked at Greg, who was standing next to him, looking at him in confusion, then he looked back at the earpiece as if hoping Sherlock’s voice would miraculously pipe up again.
“You’re hangover, which is very obvious from the dark shadows under your eyes, the way you lick your lips at least once every two minutes, suggesting a dry mouth, in turn suggesting slight dehydration, and then there’s your general paleness, not matching the rest of your skin tone. Additionally, yesterday’s been the evening before the first classes of this semester, many students take this opportunity to intoxicate themselves. You regret it though because you want to be a good student. How do I know? You’re in Magnussen’s class and you want to stay in his class, it was very obvious. When he began questioning and dismissing the students you got very angry which implies a strong sense of justice. You didn’t elect to leave his class, you want to prove yourself to him. The way you looked at him when he asked you a question demonstrated an unusual above-average level of hostility. Which means you’ve got courage. It also means that you’re reckless, allowing Magnussen to see your antipathy, possibly making yourself a future target to that disgusting vulture. You’re impressed by me embarrassing him in front of the class, which implies vindictiveness, again, a typical Alpha male thing.”
“Well, yes, “John replied, “but I need to wake him first and have him up for an hour so could you maybe come back later? Maybe even after Mycroft’s nurse was here? In three hours?”
He grabbed Sherlock’s long thin arms and with great effort, pulled the Belstaff off his body. It was very heavy, and he lost at least ten seconds trying to manoeuvre the thick wool around Sherlock’s bony shoulders. When it was finally off, floating away like a misshaped manta ray, John grabbed Sherlock by the waist and began to swim towards the surface.
He had brought down countless criminals this way, had solved hundreds of cases, his brilliant mind relying on theories that he couldn’t be sure of a hundred percent. But he had almost always been proven right and he had never hesitated to act even if he never had that hundred percent.
They had circled the Chinese garden and were back at the terrace where all the other people were. Both of them stopped and looked at each other awkwardly in silence. After what Molly just had told John, nothing they could have talked about now seemed decent.
He couldn’t see John’s face from this position, but he could hear his soft, slow breathing, and he could feel his warm breath in his hair. Without thinking, Sherlock closed his eyes and pressed his nose into the soft fabric of John’s ratty old shirt, inhaling deeply. There it was, the sweet familiar scent of tea, and a hint of the cologne he sometimes wore, mixed with traces of disinfectant and soap. It was comfortably domestic, a scent that made him feel like home, and safety and that was so, so very much
“Come on.“ Mike patted his shoulder twice in sympathy. “You know I’m a great listener. We’ll get some good food into you and then you can tell me all about your conversation with that pale Angelface, alright? I heard they have lemon meringue pie for dessert!”
But this morning they had finally found the crucial clue. The critical information which led them to their murderer. After yet another frantic chase with John and Sherlock in a cab, Lestrade and his men right behind them in their cars, they had managed to corner and eventually arrest their suspect without any casualties. Sherlock had hurled all the frustration of the last few weeks at the completely confused murderer which led to his eventual arrest. He was just so utterly confounded by Sherlock’s rapid wall of accusations and deductions, his mouth hanging open, that he simply didn’t notice Lestrade advancing in on him from the side until it was too late.
“This is at least an eight, John!” he had exclaimed enthusiastically, and John had only exchanged an exasperated look with Greg before they both turned to look after the quickly vanishing figure, his dark Belstaff coat flapping behind him dramatically.
Then she found the bandage on his shoulder. “What’s this, sweetheart? Have you hurt yourself?” She ruthlessly ripped off the bandage and he had to bite his lip hard to avoid screaming out loud.
Sherlock looked up in surprise and saw another man approaching him slowly. He was tall and burly, with a dark beard and long blond hair reaching his shoulders.
He wanted to smile at the lad. He wanted to nod at him, let him know that he had seen what he had done and that he was very impressed. But all he did was stare, staring like a lunatic at this beautiful human being and he almost laughed as his brain provided him with the image of his tongue rolling out his mouth as if he was in a silly Bugs Bunny cartoon.
The only thing taking his mind off things had been Mary, like always. Lovely, cheerful Mary Morstan. His beta girlfriend and childhood sweetheart, who he had been together with since they’d been sixteen years old. Eight years they had been a couple, and what a great eight years it had been. Mary simply was an incredible person: clever, funny, and sharp-tongued.
So he walked on, his hands clenched into fists at his sides, without looking back. This time, he had absolutely no idea what he had done wrong to make Scott angry with him. It seemed that with Scott Williams, all he ever did was wrong, no matter his good intentions.
He looked up at John who was shocked to see tears glimmering in those wide pale eyes – they were sea green now, and there was fear in them, fear of what John was going to say to him now.
After the events of the past few days, he realized that it was time to take stock of their friendship because right now he didn’t know what they were. It was all very confusing, and he desperately longed for clarity.
Magnussen’s far-away look was gone a second later, and he blinked, re-directing his eyes to Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock’s mind desperately tried to put all the pieces together but his brain was still under the drug’s influence and a voice in the back of his head told him to leave it for now, he wouldn’t get any answers while he was still in this state.
He softly opened the door and stepped inside. Sherlock lay in his bed, in the dreaded hospital gown, head lying on propped-up pillows, and he was hooked to an EEG monitoring his brain activity. The nurse from before was just handing him a glass of water and a small white pill. At the soft noise, Sherlock looked up and John was touched to see relief and a small flash of happiness in his friend’s green-blue eyes.
“No buts, Sherlock. I am your doctor and I’m telling you to go to sleep. I’ve just checked your temperature. That’s what probably woke you up, I’m sorry about that. But I needed to know.”
Who could berate him for sharing a few drinks with his best mates on the night before the start of the new semester? It was what they always did, every Sunday evening before the start of classes the next day. He and Mike, together with James Sholto who was an old childhood friend studying management here at Durham, and Greg Lestrade, who studied criminology, as well as a few other blokes. Several of them played in the University’s Rugby Team, including John and Greg.
Fortunately, Greg arrived at the same time as him, parking his car right in front of the big neat building that apparently was the escort agency they were looking for. Of course, they couldn’t be sure that Sherlock was here. Maybe he had just gone out for a walk to vent. But that was very unlikely, and John was sure his instinct was right, telling him Sherlock’s mind was focused on the case and his latest trail had to lead him here, where the big bad guys were.
But as soon as that thought shot through his mind, he shook his head. He knew that wasn’t true. He gritted his teeth, utterly annoyed with himself. He felt like he was the worst coward in the world. He knew he was lying to himself, apparently, he had been doing so for quite some time.
Reacting instantly, he sprang into action and ran around the thick bushes right in front of him to go help his friend. What he saw right now in front of him made him freeze at once.
Without even looking at him, Billy shoved Sherlock forward almost casually. John could only watch in horror as Sherlock fell backwards over the edge of the boat, eyes wide in surprise, his hands bound behind him.
“Uhm..it’s good to have you back, Sherlock.” He quickly turned to John. “You too, John. I hope you’ll be able to truly recover now. Both of you.“
John had, as was usual by now, long given up on trying to get the detective to behave like a normal human being and accepted the more than usual untidy apartment, the strange stuff in the fridge, and the demanding texts out of nowhere, ordering him all around London in a frantic paper chase for clues. Same procedure as always, just a little more intense than usual. Sherlock had eaten and slept even less than on other cases, driving John half-insane with his crazy mumbling around all day, deducing when he could, despairing and wallowing in self-pity when he couldn’t because there were no tangible clues.
“So you’re okay now, Sherlock?” Greg butted in. “You still look a little worse for wear, to be honest.”
She saw right through him though. “Are you going to have a panic attack, Mr. Holmes?” she asked in feigned concern, as she leaned forward to whisper into his ear. “Please don’t. That would be just …. boring.”
They were just about to retake their places at their own table when a sudden loud crash made them all turn in their tracks.
“Sorry, Mike, “John said with a quick smile at his best friend and a first grateful sip of his coffee. “I’ll buy you lunch later, alright? Make it up to you.”
Sherlock sighed heavily and it was obvious it bothered him a lot to talk about this yet again. “I will do that, Greg but I’ll only do it once, so make sure you’ll note down everything with care for I won’t repeat myself. Understood?” His eyes bored into Greg’s who seemed a bit taken aback.
“No, John, as I said. There’s no need to coddle me. You stopped a terrible thing from happening to me and I’ll always be thankful to you for that. But I’m okay now. You don’t need to worry about me anymore, alright? I’m fine.” He swallowed, looked away from John, unclenched his fists. Then he looked at John again and smiled. This time one could almost fool oneself into believing it was real.
After a few half-hearted attempts he gave up, throwing the comb aside. He grabbed his toothbrush then, starting to scrub at his teeth like a madman. He was fully aware that he was biding his time, trying to avoid going out to John, to that conversation, they both knew they were about to have.
Sherlock was up on his feet and in his brother’s face before he even realized he had moved. “Oh, the arrogance of you, imposing upon me, ordering me around as if I was your property, thinking you can decide everything over my head!”
She let go of his hair and his head lolled forward in exhaustion. He flinched when she pushed her hands into the now open space between the buttons of his shirt when she let them glide upon his pectorals greedily, kneading the exposed flesh.
Ben hesitated but he complied. “Well, he was really tall, and burly as if he went to the gym regularly you know. He had a blue cap on, and I think a blue shirt as well, under his jacket. Ah yes, and he had shoulder-length blonde hair and a full beard. He seemed quite nice and really worried about your friend.”
“Alright, here you go, “She said as she handed him the two white pills. “Ward round has already started, they’ll be here within the next hours.”
Underneath the headline was a picture. It showed a tall, thin man in his early thirties, clad in an elegant wool coat and a ridiculous hat on his head, turning away from the camera, trying to hide his face as he was getting into a black limousine. Right by his side was a shorter man with dark blonde hair. He was holding the other man by his elbow, guiding him into the car, a worried, yet stony expression on his face, his other hand on the small of the other man’s back. It was the face of a soldier, he recognized the rigid stance, the way he held himself. A small caption underneath the picture said: Consulting detective Sherlock Holmes and Doctor John Watson, colleague.
“You’re going to be the talk around town, “John said with a chuckle but Scott frowned. “What? You don’t like being the center of attention?”
Pressing his lips together to hide his smile, John filled their plates and poured some sparkling water into their glasses. Sherlock glanced at his portion with a frown, raising an eyebrow at John silently, criticizing him for the size of the portion, although to be honest, it wasn’t big. Well, Sherlock had his own very subjective opinion in contrast to what normal people considered a small portion of food.
He looked up and the barely disguised pain in his glistening blue eyes made John’s own heart ache in return. “I apologize, John. It was not okay. I know what you have done for me. You have saved my life. I don’t know how I can ever repay you. You would have gone to prison for saving me had it not been for my brother. There are no words that can make this right. You are a true friend, I couldn’t wish for a better.”
“Yes, hello Doctor Watson, good to see you again. I just wish it were under different circumstances.”
John couldn’t help but smirk at that, and his heart clenched when Scott’s lips curled up in slight amusement as well. It made him feel as if they had shared a private joke, something intimate that only the two of them could understand. He decided in that instant that he
He let the heavy door crash closed behind him and when he stumbled over a thick stone he had not seen he cursed loudly and violently kicked it out of the way. The stone flew through the air and hit the leg of a female student coming his way and Sherlock murmured a quick apology as he was glared at with accusing eyes.
As soon as they were gone, John turned to Scott. The Beta had a strange expression on his face, one that he wasn’t able to read.
Sherlock looked frustrated but didn’t protest when John quickly fetched a few things and then kneeled down in front of him. He seemed incredibly irritated when John slipped the thermometer into his mouth and John saw he was about to spit it out so he fixed him with a strict stare and a “Don’t you dare, Mister!” He acquiesced to John taking his pulse and checking his pupils without making a fuss.
“Imagine my surprise, Mr. Holmes, when we found you here a few minutes ago. First, I didn’t recognize you because of all that blood on your face” – here she grabbed his face from the side and roughly smeared the blood on his cheek. “But then I did recognize you. You have a very distinguishable appearance, as you must know. You are a noteworthy man, Mr. Holmes. A delicious treat, one might say.”
“That’s alright.” She studied him thoughtfully, then she seemed to decide something. “Would you like to go outside and talk a little?” she offered, “ I could use some fresh air.”
In one swift motion, two heads whipped around to John for confirmation, as both Greg and Mycroft sought confirmation from the amused doctor. It was obvious they didn’t trust Sherlock to tell the truth, at least not in such matters. Sherlock’s eyes widened in disbelieving indignation and John chuckled as he got up off the couch.
But maybe he would show some compassion when he saw how weak Sherlock was. Maybe he would not press things and he could find another way to get that arsehole convicted. John sighed wearily. He just didn’t know what was right at this moment.
John Watson took a step back, shaking his head fiercely. “Scott, come on! Do you listen to yourself? Honestly!”
And he turned and walked away. John watched him as he disappeared into his bedroom and closed the door behind him. He was left behind with a strange, unpleasant feeling in his stomach, gnawing at him from the inside. He felt empty and helpless and he wanted to do things about it but he didn’t know how.
He needed to apologise again, convey to his best friend that he really was sorry. And then he needed to keep his mouth shut and take care of him, even if his help wasn’t really appreciated. But deep down he hoped Sherlock knew that he needed John to take care of him.
“Get off!” he cried, as he pushed back against the other man with all his might. Just a few centimetres were all he needed to quickly duck his head and torso under the man’s arm he had used to crowd him with and step away, putting much-needed space between them so he could breathe again.
He bit his lip as he turned off the now-tepid water. He needed to test his theory. He needed to make sure.
Every single one of these memories he re-visited in his dreams and in every single one of them, John smiled at him. Followed where Sherlock lead. Protected him when Sherlock needed him.
“Well, “John said, thoughtful, “every victim of rape or sexual assault has the right to counselling sessions with a therapist by law, so it would be paid for and it would be someone with experience in that matter.” He shook his head. “No, I don’t think he’ll ever agree to that, you know what he’s like. He’s already trying to pretend it didn’t happen.”
“Would you…” John started and he gnawed at his lower lip, eyes flicking to the side, as he pondered what to say. “Would you mind not locking the door? I’m worried you might slip in the shower and I need to be able to get to you if something happens. You seem alright now, but you’ll still be weak after that kind of fever.”
Sherlock had been immensely thrilled about the incoming flow of information, painting a rather grisly image of their murderers. Turned out they were hunting a pair of brothers whose childhood under the hard reign of a cruel-tongued mother and a younger abusive stepfather had traumatized them, so much that they had finally lost their grip and turned to murdering people resembling their long-deceased (translate: murdered) parents.
“Apology accepted, “Scott muttered quietly, sounding a little embarrassed, and John sighed in relief. His smile turned into a frown when Scott turned away again without preamble, obviously aiming to walk away from him once again.
Greg who had just ended the emergency call deftly pulled the jacket off his shoulders and tossed it to John. John who had pushed Sherlock’s shirt to the sides to see if there were any new injuries on his torso and was relieved to see none visible, quickly buttoned the shirt back up and planted Greg’s jacket over Sherlock’s body. He needed to be kept warm now, Sherlock’s blood pressure was very low as was his temperature. He could already feel the clamminess of Sherlock’s skin, he saw the slight tremor on his body. He took the pulse again as he brushed the damp curls out of Sherlock’s face.
Scott studied him warily, disbelievingly. “Do you now?” he eventually sneered. He obviously thought that John was making fun of him.
“You bastard!” he screamed as he punched him in the face, hard. By doing so he collapsed on the man and before he processed what he was doing he raised his fist again to throw another punch. And another. And another. He was screaming maybe while punching or maybe he wasn’t.
He shut the door behind him and could still hear Mrs. Hudson ordering Sherlock to go to bed, too, cleaning their used teacups and muttering to herself after which she retired to her own flat at last. John now changed into his pyjamas, quickly snuck into the bathroom to brush his teeth, then made himself comfortable in his bed and sighed, grateful for a little peace and quiet at last. He snuggled into his pillows, closed his eyes, ready to fall asleep immediately when he heard someone knock at his door.
“Stop right there, “Sherlock said calmly, stopping Jack with a raised hand. “I’m really not in the mood for any games tonight, for a change. So just let me go and don’t make a fuss.”
“No.” John crossed his arms in front of his chest as he looked from Alpha to Alpha, challenging them to do anything they weren’t supposed to do.
“I don’t remember it all, I was drugged with Rohypnol, four milligrams. There are only bits and pieces, images in my head, but …. not everything and not all put together, “Sherlock said, his voice strained. This was hard on him and he was very reluctant to answer but apparently, he had resigned himself to the task.
Scott actually laughed at this and John quirked an eyebrow curiously, silently demanding an explanation.
Greg raised his eyebrows. “Oh. Okay. If you say so. Well, then we’d better quickly discussed something before he does show up.”
He nodded to himself and took the first flight of stairs with determination, choosing the middle path of the three presented to him. He knew that path. It was the one where the most recent information he had gathered was stored, this was the path he would choose when he was on a case. He would enter every room available and take a look at the information gathered there, the things that would help him solve the case in the end.
“No!” Billy snapped. “Shut up. I don’t want to hear another thing out of your filthy, fucking mouth.”
John smiled. “Well, we’ll see if he’s up for that. Besides, that’s for his doctors to decide not him.”
Mike indeed was a good listener, just like he promised. Neither did he roll his eyes nor did he glance at his watch. Instead, he just listened to John’s very detailed recount of his hapless encounter with beautiful Scott Williams while eating his chicken salad silently. When John was done, staring miserably into his own untouched bowl of food, he pushed the fork into his hand and commanded him to eat. Then he had told him straight out that yes, it sounded as if John had been a little out of line. But that didn’t mean that his chances of getting to know this mysterious young Beta student were completely lost.
“As if they would say no, “Mike commented, chuckling into his bowl as he scraped up the rest of his cereal.
At the sudden loud bang of the door, Sherlock blinked, breaking the gaze between them and he threw his hands up into the air. “This is ridiculous, John.”
John changed his tactics. “You know what? You can’t treat this like unimportant news. I won’t let you and Mycroft won’t let you either.”
Sherlock whimpered which almost caused John to release him, suddenly afraid that he had overwhelmed him, when Sherlock shifted closer, raising his hand carefully against John’s cheek, as his lips pressed once more against John’s. He pulled away then, panting for breath.
“That is correct, “he said slowly. He didn’t ask how the student had known the answer, an answer he couldn’t have known because it hadn’t been taught yet. He just accepted that he had.
“It’s neither your mother nor Harry, John.” Greg was already halfway down the corridor, and John stepped out of his cell. Sudden hope made his heart beat faster.
“Sherlock, I….when we had that talk two days ago, I didn’t say everything I needed to say. I must admit that I was shocked and hurt to hear you propose that I move out.”
Oh, that brought forth some uncomfortable thoughts, thoughts that John hat tried to avoid dealing with for quite some time now. Ever since he had met the crazy man sitting in front of him now, full lips curled into a sulky frown, he found himself to be in a permanent state of … excitation. Every day he spent beside Sherlock Holmes – which was almost every day – his whole being, body and soul, was constantly forced into different states of emotions and sensations caused by that man:
“Yes, it is. But the bandage was ripped off, so I fear the wound has been messed with.” He was fuming with anger at Sherlock’s captors for being so cruel as to play with his old wounds, it was dangerous for the wound was already infected and could very possibly worsen if new bacteria had gotten inside.
“Yeah, it’s me, “he said as he got some gum out of his pocket, unwrapped it, and thrust it into his mouth. While he lazily chewed on his strawberry-flavoured gum - his favourite - he moved to stand in front of his huge panorama windows looking down into the urban area of Kensington, thousands of people walking below, tiny and meaningless like ants.
Muffled voices sounded through the closed door and John tried hard not to try to make out the words but of course he couldn’t help glancing at Sherlock’s door every ten seconds or so. The nurse noticed of course be she just smiled politely into her cup of tea and did not comment.
“Oh, you are a naughty boy, Mr. Holmes.” Without warning, she pushed her thumb inside his mouth, and he gasped in surprise. “In fact, you’re just the arrogant bastard they say you are. So rude.” The corner of her mouth curled upwards as she revelled in the triumph of having surprised him. For a second, she had seen his weakness. A cold sweat broke out on his neck, but he managed to immediately pull himself together and stare back at her as if her power over him meant nothing at all.
Sherlock’s eyes fell shut again and John closed his eyes, too, his entire body tingling with relief. Sherlock felt frail and thin in his arms, his nakedness increasing his vulnerability and John swallowed as he was overcome with an almost unbearable tenderness for the man in his arms.
“Well, well, brother mine, “Mycroft tutted, as he crossed the room to stand in front of Sherlock. “Already back to being your usual sarcastic self, I see. Fine. Then let’s not waste any more time. I’d like you to get examined now.”
He watched patiently as Scott considered his answer, biting his lip, his jaw muscles twitching, and he looked so enticingly beautiful right at this moment that John had to stifle an appreciative sigh.
Sherlock Holmes. Sleep evaded him for a long time until he was finally released into a peaceful slumber.
John took the other man’s hand, squeezing it lightly. “Alright. Sherlock. We will go through this together. You decide our pace. I’m happy to follow your lead. You’re in control.”
“John, why are you calling?” He wouldn’t be calling if he were on his way back home, there wouldn’t be a need for it.
“See? I told you.” There was triumph but also concern in John’s voice. Sherlock wanted to show him he could shove that wherever he wanted to, so he shook his head, took another deep breath, and took a step forward.
Scott abruptly stopped scribbling on his notebook and John could see his whole body tensing up. His thin elegant hand holding a fountain pen hovered over the paper for a whole second, then he huffed and continued writing.
“Well, of course, I tried, but as I already told you I was quite incapacitated.” Sherlock’s voice sounded irritated now, apparently thinking she had asked a dumb question.
He didn’t know why it affected him so much. He wasn’t afraid of guns and he had been in similar life-threatening situations before. He was not scared of this vile, stupid woman, why was he feeling as if he’d burst from despair and horror any second now?
And he found himself gasping for air. There was no air, or his lungs were too stupid to get some air into them or maybe he himself was too stupid but all he knew was that he couldn’t breathe. He looked at John with panic in his eyes and immediately saw his own fear reflected in his friend’s eyes.
All he knew was that he was confused and that he needed to clear this tension between them. He couldn’t bear for all these questions to be left unanswered for much longer.
Not liking being touched by anybody, but especially someone he didn’t know Sherlock recoiled from the Beta’s warm hand. In spite of that, his gaze automatically went from left to right, checking the busy corridor. He then realized that several students indeed were staring at them in unashamed curiosity and he shook his head impatiently, refusing to be bothered by something unimportant like gossip or just people in general. John Watson, interestingly, did not look around but kept his gaze firmly on Sherlock, his jaw set in determination as he still had something to say.
He could see his friend out of the corner of his eye sitting upright in his bed cross-legged and cross-armed, pouting at John’s words.
That made John scramble up in surprise. He turned toward Greg and raised his eyebrows, a question mark in his expression.
Very carefully, he removed Sherlock’s head from his chest and laid him down onto the soft mattress. He got up from the bed and looked at Sherlock: he hadn’t moved and was still sleeping, looking fragile and lost laying there alone and curled up into himself.
John chuckled and headed out. Just a quick trip to the pharmacy and then he would force Sherlock to let him take his temperature, take his medicine, and eat something. Then maybe he would allow him to deduce more stuff Greg would probably be sending him in the next few hours…
