“I hope none of us gets cabin fever.”
So! I'm working on a really self-indulgent sequel. You can subscribe to the series if you want to know when it's posted :)
Nat put her hands on her hips and looked up. They looked like two toddlers, squaring off over the last bit of candy.
Steve flinched when Tony’s voice came through the mic like a knife.
Damn. He had given orders again and the worst part is that people had followed them. He glanced at Tony, who was now standing next to him, but there was no anger there.
He shook it and then Fury turned around and barked at the driver, ordering him to go back to the city. Steve watched him go, with adrenaline flooding his brain and blood pumping through his body. Maybe he could run a few miles, move a little. He started walking towards the woods near the facility — there were some trees he could punch there — when Tony stopped him with a hand over his bicep.
“No, but you know how they work. Okay, okay, let’s just say something a Skrull cannot know but we all do,” Tony said. “I’ll go first — Rhodey’s password is rhodeyroxx.”
Tries.
The sound of Steve’s back hitting the floor.
“Exactly what it says on the tin. Mission to deep space.”
The sensors pick up distant explosions. The army is advancing, then. Soon, all its planning will pay off. The woman, the Wasp, awaits an answer. It needs an excuse. A plausible excuse. It searches through its files.
Back in their room, Tony didn’t even bother changing out of the torn, grease-stained uniform he wore almost every day — instead, he just threw a jacket over his uniform and finished the look off with his sunglasses. He wasn’t like one of those people who painstakingly chose their clothes to give the illusion of careless cool; he really
Bucky shook his head. “I didn’t want to fight anymore, I’m not like you.”
Strange gave Tony his cookies with a scoff as Laura pushed a cup of coffee into his hands.
He walked closer, with sure steps. ‘The intel. Now.’
The grumpiness in Steve’s voice was delightful, so Tony pushed in another finger and moaned again.
‘And you’re interrupting,’ Steve said, leaning his head on Stark’s shoulder. Stark flinched, but Steve was sure he had been the only one who had noticed.
“I know, I know, but Hank Pym arrives at 8 AM and I need to have a presentable crew to fool him into thinking I got a competent, professional staff instead of a bunch of adrenaline junkies with nothing to lose!”
That was the least subtle codename he had ever heard. He couldn’t help but be charmed by it. ‘Well, if he insists on being called that…’
Peggy's perfume hanged in the air for hours after she left, like a ghost. That was what he was, he thought, watching New York skyline lit up at night. A ghost who had no place there, because somebody else was already there, taking up all the space. What could he do other than wait for his life to happen? The man had said he couldn’t travel back, not yet, but what was he supposed to do instead? Go back to war? There was some war raging somewhere, probably. Meet people? Was he allowed to? Did people know who the other man was?
“We should go help her and make sure Clint doesn’t bungle first contact.”
“I don’t mind it. But I think it’s better if we save the wedding anecdotes for when we’re bored. And it’s nine months, by the way.”
‘I was trapped in a time loop and it was one of those where you have to learn a lesson and my lesson is that I like you. So there.’
Of course, this wasn’t enough proof. Yes, they were oozing hearts and giggling like two fools, but they’d probably say it was just friendly feeding. Clint snorted. Maybe they truly didn’t realize what was going on.
“I’m Maria Hill, HR department for this project. I’ll to go straight to the point — we’re… impressed by your background and if I’m honest, we don’t understand why you’d join us.”
“Tell them I’m okay,” he said one day sitting down next to the man with only one eye.
Tony was right. He had to commit; he was Captain America and he feared nothing. He bit the inside of his cheek and closed the distance that separated him from Batroc. He had to get the information, no matter what. That was his job, so he leaned forward towards Batroc’s face. The lights coming in from the streets were enough to see the smirk on Batroc’s mouth and the wet spot on the front of his pajamas. Steve’s pulse got faster as Batroc cupped his face with one of his burly hands. His thumb ran across Steve’s jaw and Steve froze. He… he didn’t know what to do.
“So be it, then.”
Yes. He loved them. He loved Nat’s mischievous voice whenever she found a chink on somebody’s armor and the contrast with the controlled, careful way she moved. He loved Laura’s incredulous laughter, Clint’s steady warmth, and Rhodes’ barely hidden glee at breaking the rules. He even loved the way Strange’s aloofness made each one of his smiles a triumph. He loved Bruce’s sudden bursts of emotion whenever he had to defend Picard’s big speeches and he loved the way Tony would scoff and call them sappy glurge. Looking up and seeing unfamiliar stars was less wondrous than looking up ahead and seeing his crew illuminated by the lanterns floating all over the station.
“Bars are always good for intel,” Steve said, with a sage nod. That type of missions had been Bucky’s favorite, back during the war. Charming pretty waitresses and maybe even dancing a little had been something Steve had been more than glad to let Bucky do. Steve had preferred punching people instead.
Steve expected Nat to refute that, but she was busy digging into the cereal bowl Bruce had just given her. He was sitting next to her and sipping on his big coffee mug. In between sips, he attempted to explain to Clint — perched on the back of the sofa, which he kept doing no matter how many times he fell — how the space station worked.
The engine room was dark, but Steve could see it was shaped like a vault. His eyes were drawn to a dimly lit tube that hummed quietly, right at the center of the place. Cables branched off it and twisted their way into the ceiling, like the space version of a very old tree one winter away from dying. There was nobody in the room except a frazzled bald creature that slid from one side of the vault to the other. Its gills trembled as much as its hands did.
“Well, I can’t say I don’t see the wisdom of it.”
They were busy digging into dessert when somebody slammed the kitchen door open. It took him a second to realize it because he wasn’t wearing scrubs, but the man unceremoniously dropping his two suitcases on the kitchen floor was Stephen Strange. With all the politeness he had shown when he had tested Steve, Strange grabbed an unclaimed pudding and started eating it.
Pain. This is pain.
But before he could press the button and end the game, it was knocked out of his hand by a precise hit with an apple. The device fell but before it hit the ground, Natasha jumped and caught it. Steve turned back and saw Clint smirking and leaning against the wall of the hangar.
“You could get coffee in Soviet Russia, you can’t get coffee here.”
“People needed help,” Steve said, squaring off his shoulders.
“Why are you sounding like Steve Rogers now?” Tony said.
“We’re here,” she said when they hit a dead-end. Through a big crack on a rusted metal wall, there was a stream of aliens that went in steady and came out stumbling.
“I’m wearing a uniform too!” said Laura, pointing at her own army jacket before being dragged away by Clint towards the market door. Strange, Bruce, Nat, and Rhodes followed them, but Tony waited for Steve to get out of the ship. He was leaning against a barrel and somehow, he managed not to look out of place. Steve had never, in his entire life, looked that comfortable.
‘Why are you here?’ Summers said.
“I can’t.”
He hadn’t made a face. Not at all. He had just been upset at the idea of dissecting living things for no reason other than Strange’s boredom.
When Tony said that, Pym rolled his eyes. “The Stark touch? What’s that? Flashiness with a touch of recklessness?”
No, this was real. Not even in his wildest dreams Tony could concoct this: somehow, Tony had ended up arranging… well, a gangbang
“I… appreciate that you listened to me,” he said when he caught up to Tony. The aliens around them pushed them together because crowds worked the same everywhere, but Steve didn’t mind it.
“Figures.”
Yes, but the narrator needed the points.
Tony squinted at him over his shoulder. “I… I guess somebody has to stay and protect the ship. Yes. That. And it should be somebody who can pilot the ship out of danger, just in case.”
Steve leaned forward and spoke against Tony’s lips.
“I promised a workspace. Big difference. Follow me,” Tony replied and walked to the back of the ship, toward the cargo bay. It was a vaulted space crammed full of boxes, cans, barrels, and crates. There were no windows here either — only the big cargo door that was currently closed.
“Still, I bet you I can win the prize.”
‘Not… not that type of like.’
Steve wiped his mouth and took a while to reply. ‘We keep it simple. Infiltrate the expo, find the… the Harvester Protocol or whoever’s selling it, secure it, leave. Should be easy with the two of us.’
“On the other side. With a bunch of Kree.”
In which 'Grant Stevens' goes to an interview and does a farewell tour.
“Sorry, busy jerking off.”
With the memories came loneliness. Tony stopped showing up at night and Steve lost even the comfort of madness.
Tony smiled. It was a bright, confident smile that Steve found fascinating and that usually signaled trouble of the fun kind.
“Yeah. I get that. A new challenge. Facing something I don’t know if I can beat.”
“Woah,” Tony said. “You’re big. Like… wow. I knew you were tall and built and hunky but… this is something else.”
The rest of the room was unremarkable. Tony’s bed was across his, there were two lockers so they could hang their clothes and a desk on the other side of the room, with two chairs. They were sharing, then. That would not cause problems either. He sat on his bed and stared at Tony. There was a question he wanted to ask as soon as possible. “Did you know about Strange?”
smile.
Steve helped Nat up. She looked fine — she wasn’t even winded. Good stamina, there.
“It’s probably rigged.”
And now he was there, in the middle of a cabaret in Berlin. His hand curled around a glass of whiskey and his body shook with laughter. Everybody’s eyes were on him. How could Steve look away? A girl next to him patted him on the back. ‘You shouldn’t stare,’ she said, with a short bob of curly red hair and a face so pretty cheap make-up and exhaustion couldn’t dim it.
Yes. Batroc’s cock was uncut, like Steve’s. So he knew what he had to do. He brushed the tip with his tongue and then licked around the base of the head like Tony had told him. Batroc shivered.
Everybody in the cockpit sat still and silent, wrapped in awe. Just beyond the glass, the glinting space station orbited around a crimson planet. Steve didn’t need to be an engineer to realize the big hole on the roof wasn’t supposed to be there and that the debris floating around it wasn’t a good sign, but how could he not be enraptured by the metal contraption hanging from invisible strings in the vastness of space? He wasn’t sure if it was a dream or a nightmare, but it was the future Steve thought he had been cheated out of.
Just a few minutes ago, Rhodes had been the perfect picture of a cold-blooded, confident pilot, but talking to Tony always turned him back into a college student, sprawled on his pilot seat with a comically over-the-top long-suffering expression.
“Nobody wants to… If anybody wants to leave, of course you can, but please, Tony, let’s just move on so you can pick your rooms,” Pepper said.
“He’s recruiting smart, driven people with a wide range of abilities. People that… people that can leave the world behind,” Fury said.
“Of course I did. Was I the only one?”
Steve looked away. He had read a little about Howard’s life after the war. “I have a different view on patriotism.”
“Hey, that was just the one time! I never did it again!”
It couldn’t be anybody else. He’d know: he had copied each cover of Marvels and masturbated to half of them. Tony Stark had been the handsome, irresistible face of all the desires Steve had spent his teenage years burying deep inside him.
Steve winced. Natasha tilted her head, so she had noticed something. She couldn’t have heard the name but… he had to get more comfortable hearing his old name or else he’d give it away. The argument outside went on, but now everybody could hear because Tony and the other person had stopped in front of the kitchen’s door.
“Of course peace doesn’t exist,” Natasha said and leaned her head on Steve’s shoulder. “We were just pretending it did. You’re not the only one who left things behind, Grant.”
Everybody nodded. The coffee and the sunlight coming in through the small window had been enough to shake off their sleepiness. That was a good sign of their ability to roll with the punches — or at least of their ability to tolerate Steve’s biological clock and chipper morning demeanor.
“Hi, Howard. I needed to talk to you.”
Steve lost count of how many songs the band played. Yet they kept kissing and nuzzling and touching. His entire body burned and he was pretty sure Stark had noticed how hard Steve was, but he didn’t want to stop.
He shook his head and waved at her. There was no use in lying anymore. She tilted her head, but she moved away anyway. He jumped and soon enough, they were both catching their breaths under the sharp electric light of the station.
“Is that why you left SHIELD?” Tony asked.
Steve waited until sunset in the kitchen because they were supposed to have a meeting and the kitchen was the only place available. When it was time, everybody else huddled around the table and Steve went out to the hallway just outside the kitchen because he didn't fit inside of it. They waited because they couldn’t start until Tony was there and Tony was an hour late and hadn’t let them know about it. Steve started to pace in the hallway. It was disrespectful and Steve would have started the meeting on his own but Tony was the one with the plans and the money and the ship and the genius. He was the boss, despite how little he deserved it.
He shrugged. It hadn't been a decision — he had stopped shaving because he was tired of looking at his own face in the mirror every morning. “You’re here to check I don’t kill myself?” he asked instead.
Steve would have to ask for whatever information had come up on Clint’s background check. There was something there that bothered him but he didn’t think Clint was going to tell him. Maybe he could ask Natasha about it, but she was running after Fury. By the time she was done, Fury was already climbing into a Jeep.
“Ew. Why would we try that, Barton?” Bruce said.
“You know where to find me.”
Steve knew that he had to rein her in, but Strange’s expression was just too funny. Strange threw the dart back at them — it landed about two feet away from them — and went back to his med bay, huffing. Steve would have to apologize later.
“Pleased to…”
“And you left him behind? I knew you were an asshole, but… He was…”
“Hm. You can get it, but no funny business.”
“But what about trading? I think we can trade.”
“Then who are you?”
Instead of answering, Tony walked towards the alien. Steve followed him, a bit disappointed for no reason.
“Thanks for your generosity, Miss Romanoff,” Steve said and gave her a mock-salute.
And Steve knew that he meant it.
“Sit down, Mr… Stevens.” He followed orders and tried to dispel the odd notion that she suspected something was up. The identity was designed to pass any background check, so she couldn’t know who he was, right? “Welcome and pleased to meet you.”
Steve nodded and tried to look calm. He wasn’t scared of being found out, not with the beard and not when Tony had grown up with the other, older version of himself. But he didn’t trust himself with his reaction — what if Tony was like his father? How could he hide any glimpse of recognition? How could he see Howard’s adult son and not let the wonder in his face show?
“You’re going to say no, yes. I’ve lived through this already, remember?”
Finally aliens.
‘Yes. Yes. Please. I’ll do anything.’
“Wow, I’ve never seen anybody in such good shape before,” Strange asked, looking at his charts. “Did you say you worked for SHIELD?”
‘I know your needs.’
But that’d be later — now he had files to read. He started with the SHIELD reports of the incident. There had been several battles, two species of aliens and a very familiar looking cube. Carol Danvers’ file made him wonder why she had left, so soon after coming back to a place she had forgotten it was home. Where was she now? Was she still alive, amongst the stars?
Steve felt a surge of pride when he heard Tony’s voice. He was doing good. That was what mattered.
‘Oh, you’re going to start this early?’ Clint said, cocking his eyebrow.
Before Steve could speak, Stark sighed. ‘Fine. You caught us. It’s not about business.’ What? Was he selling Steve out? Stark put his arm around Steve’s waist. ‘Steve’s a… friend.’
“Why are you here? Do you like pudding that much?” Tony asked in disbelief.
Steve stared at them. “This is not… this is not… this is not a proper security procedure. We can’t… we need to…”
‘What? Cap, you always say that if a rule applies to one of us, it applies to all of us!’
He heard Tony coming, but he didn’t turn around, not even when he felt Tony’s arms around his waist, tugging him back. He fell back, knowing Tony would always catch him. They stood like that for a while, pretending nobody else was there.
Tony laughed. ‘Steve. I don’t mind it if you buy corny souvenirs.’
The first thing on the folder was a picture of a young man with wild dark hair, wearing a T-shirt with STARK SPACE EXPLORATION printed on it. He looked painfully young and the earnestness in his dark eyes was impossible to hide, even beyond the big sunglasses the kid was wearing. The next thing on the file was a very serious-looking blueprint of a spaceship.
It had been a normal question, back in his soldier days, but that had changed, like everything else. “I’m… s-sorry.”
Tony said nothing, but he did throw a paper napkin at Clint’s head. When Clint dodged it, Tony pouted and Steve felt the need to wipe the pout off his mouth but refrained from doing so.
An alarm blared and they all stopped laughing. Steve knew what it meant — ship was ready for take-off.
Steve was absolutely certain Strange had never been part of the crew. This was farcical. There wasn’t even room on the… Wait. He remembered the
When he caught Tony in his arms, Steve realized he was smaller and lighter than he had expected. Maybe all the bravado made him look taller. But now, up close — so close Steve saw his blushing cheeks and his long eyelashes —, Tony looked almost fragile.
“Good, at least we have something in common.”
"I understand. I understand perfectly. I just wish I didn’t."
“You should take your sketchbook,” Tony went on, not minding Steve’s awkwardness. “An alien carnival sounds like a riveting subject.”
“Last chance to jump out of the ship,” Rhodes said.
“What’s up, Barton?”
Steve said nothing. He wasn’t regretting it. Not at all.
Steve smiled. ‘Well, I like to take my time. Want a taste?’
Steve laughed. “We’ll learn in time.”
were almost to their conclusion, the narrator was not so desperate yet.
The memo was short and to the point, ensuring everybody, including Thor and the Hulk — horrifying images invaded Clint’s mind —, understood it. The rules were very simple: no dating, no post-mission sex, no romantic or sexual relationships between team members. It’d be easy for Clint not to break the rules, but he doubted the rest would manage.
“If this is for real, he sounds like a smart man.”
That was true. If only Steve would realize what the header of this fic said…
It did. There was a tangle of feelings inside his chest, threatening to overwhelm him at any moment. How could he even begin to explain it, when Tony didn’t even know who he really was or what he had lost? He was excited, yes, but he also yearned from something that did not exist anymore. Space was real, more real than the life he had left behind on Earth. And knowing that there were floating in the middle of nowhere, light-years away from everything they knew… it made him dizzy. Dizzy was not a good look on Captain America. “I need to be at my best, in case something happens.”
Instead, he went back to one of his history books. He wasn’t going to take them with him — too suspicious — so he had little time to fix the gaps in his knowledge. When dawn broke, he showered and left the apartment for his farewell tour.
After Steve did as he was told — promptly, quickly, eagerly —, Tony climbed on top of him and Steve put his hands on his hips. That felt good. Would that leave bruises? Tony liked it when he could see the marks of having made… of having fucked somebody, but…
“Fine, then I’ll take Bruce!”
‘So I assume the fraternization rules are off, then?’ Clint asked. Hulk shushed him. ‘Just pause the movie, big guy.’
Tony shifted uncomfortably. “Hm, I think you’re confused. We’re humans. From Earth. These are our true faces, even if Grant’s too perfect to be real.”
After the conversation, he couldn’t stay in the empty apartment. Nothing there was his. He walked around the city, letting his feet take him wherever they wanted and seeing how much it had changed. How much people had changed too — not just the clothes or the technology, but the way they walked, the words they used. Nobody recognized him. The beard and the haircut were a good enough disguise and since his other self had grown old in the eyes of the public, people barely remembered his face as a young man, his original sacrifice or his original war.
“… what?”
Tony turned around. Why focus on distant suns when he could focus on a man shining so close? “Come on, Stevens! Don’t fall behind! We’re almost there!”
He had nothing to do for the rest of the ‘day’ — could it be called a day? — so he had time to spare. He didn’t want to start going through the library books, so he grabbed a few of his art supplies. He eyed the desk on the other side of the room — he was pretty sure Tony was going to be annoyed if he put his things over there, so that’s what he did. He set his things up exactly the way he liked them and then he picked a new sketchbook to use.
Tony, for his part, had an uncanny knack for showing up whenever Steve was working out.
But what he hated the most was that it made him feel like a stereotype. Oh, the brilliant engineer loved coffee because he was a night owl! He was grumpy in the mornings!
Batroc tapped his mouth with his index finger. ‘Hm, I wonder. What are you offering, Captain?’
“Is everybody here already?”
“Something like that.” He turned to the rest of them. “Goal is simple — there’s a blinking device hidden here. Let’s pretend it can blow us all up instead of just blinking. The aliens are looking for it and so are we. There are no rules except no lasting damage. You can use anything around here and any tactic, no matter how dishonorable.”
kind, instead of
"You shouldn't introduce yourself like that. It's suspicious, knowing there’s another one of you running around."
They all turned their heads to Tony. “Good morning to you too, Tones,” Rhodes said. They had already learned to let Rhodes handle Tony when he got like that.
Be honest with him.
“I’ll have it tested by tonight,” Strange said. “After all, I have nothing to do.”
He sat down on the bed again and waited for Peggy to get there. He looked over the room again — the window was a possible escape route if he had to leave in a hurry. Whoever the man was, he did look and act like him, but something bothered Steve. The man seemed to be lying. What was he hiding? And how could he find that out? His thoughts were interrupted when he heard the tell-tale noise of Peggy’s heels on the floor. It hadn’t changed — it was still decisive, with all the weight of Peggy’s personality in each step. But he wasn’t ready to see her and his breath caught in his throat when the door opened and Peggy stood there, with tears filling her eyes.
‘Aren’t you going to say hello?’
“Yes. That’s why they’re going there. Intel.”
“You’re good,” Laura said when she joined them. “I’m so going to pick you for Pictionary.”
They all looked impressed, except Laura. “That will barely buy us food for a week.”
In the morning, he’d be okay with that. But now, with Steve still needing him, he had to go with his gut.
The other man patted his shoulder. Steve flinched and moved away.
The man showed up sometimes, just before Steve fell asleep. He laughed and talked about things Steve didn’t understand, but that he knew were real. Iron Men and snakes. Fire, the dangerous kind of fire. Blood.
Then, for the first time in his life, Steve followed doctor’s orders. There was nothing to do, not yet, so he went to his room and tucked into bed. He couldn’t fall asleep, no matter how much his body demanded rest. Whenever he closed his eyes, he saw Tony going through untold horrors, if he was… if he was alive at all? Steve curled on himself. Time, he supposed, kept moving forward but his mind was still stuck in the moment right before the sewers had caved in.
He did if his hard dick was any indication. Sweat, pre-cum, and lube pooled under Steve’s knees and Tony wanted to push Steve’s face against it and make him lick it. No. He couldn’t. That wasn’t for Tony to do.
“It’s time you shut up.”
The dock was bristling with activity, full of ships and people and small hovering vehicles carrying crates, but even if there was space enough for ships ten times the size of the Excelsior, all the ships were small and patched together. Some had holes, others had odd paint-jobs and one or two of them looked like somebody had stitched two ships together. Every time small green people — Skrulls, Steve realized — would get out of one of them, small groups of Skrulls waiting on the dock would cheer...
He shook his head. It wouldn’t do to walk down avenues of useless hypothetical scenarios, not when he could be having breakfast instead.
‘…considering you were right…’
It worried him a bit, because it could become very annoying very quickly, but Steve could hear everybody unpacking in their rooms. There weren’t that many words, but there were plenty of whispers, laughter coming from the Bartons’ room and a few quiet curses from Strange’s. Tony had barely unpacked —
“You’ve got the job. But keep the sass for days off only,” Tony said to him and then hung up.
Next week - ALIENS, finally!
“That sounds like a longer story.”
“Don’t worry, Rhodey, next time I’ll be the one to stay.”
“So you’re the Skrull then, please leave the ship.”
Something that teetered between joy and bewilderment exploded inside Steve's chest, but then he was also full of suspicion. Was this a way to keep him under control? To give him everything he had ever wanted? A promise of a life with Peggy, his best friend back and a hard-won peace?
Everybody fell silent at once. Tony frowned at Steve and Steve shrugged. It wasn’t his fault if his voice was louder than Tony’s. “Yeah. Like… Sarge over there said, who I must remind you is my employee and not in a leadership position, we have things to discuss, like our launch plans and the chart we’re following and our goal for this mission.”
The man sighed. “In a few years, you’ll find time travel technology. You’ll be able to go back to just after you went into the ice. Pick everything where you left off. Move on with your life.”
“Sorry. We didn’t mean to. We were… training.”
But Nat wasn’t there — they were alone in the alley. Steve looked around: no sign of Kree soldiers. Had they lost her?
‘Keep it.’
“You weren’t like 7’ tall?”
“I sure hope so, because right now I’m not.”
relationship is going to be forbidden.’
“You seem to like them yourself.”
“Likewise, Ms….”
There was only one guard posted outside. Rhodes, wielding a Kree weapon and sporting a nasty cut on his temple. It was the only wound Steve could see, but it also meant they had run across trouble on the way to the docks.
Clint snorted.
Steve, like any other day, woke up before dawn and began training. He then sat down for breakfast and that was when the first odd thing happened: his whole wheat pancake was exactly the same as it had been the day before. And no, my dear reader, it wasn’t because most pancakes look like pancakes. It was eerily the same: each bubble, each darker spot, even the way it looked a bit like the Iron Man helmet.
“Can’t say we didn’t deserve it,” Rhodey said. “You have more of a temper than we thought, Banner.”
“So no throwing things at people, for example?” Bruce asked.
Only Tony was missing — and true to form, he burst into the kitchen like a tornado of nervousness and flashiness. He was fully dressed already, complete with sunglasses. Did he ever stop wearing them? And why did he like them so much, anyway? They didn’t hide the way Tony’s emotions exploded on his face all the time, because Tony didn’t have much of a poker face.
the contact, then. ‘It’s not what it used to be ten years ago, but nobody’s willing to leave the party yet.’
He leaned back, away from her caress. “Yeah, Peg… you’re right. We’ll… we’ll meet again soon enough.”
“I can’t… you know what? I believe you. Follow me,” Tony said, before squirming through a crack in the wall. Steve almost got stuck, but at least there were no soldiers on the other side — in fact, there was barely anything. It was an empty big space with run-down walls and a big door on the other side. A warehouse, probably.
“And you’ll help us not be awkward?”
The Kree marched towards him.
‘You loved it, didn’t you? You looked like such a cockslut, letting him use you like that, that I had to erase all the footage.' Sadly or mercifully, he couldn’t erase it from his mind: the image of Batroc fucking Steve’s mouth would be in his wet dreams forever. ‘Best mission in a long time, wasn’t it? A chance to indulge your baser, darker desires. Give in. Let people defile the legend.’
It also gave them time to start missing things. Before missing the wind or new people or songbirds, Steve missed day and night. On the ship, ‘days’ were marked by light coming on and turning down at regular intervals, but Steve missed the familiar cues. Sunsets. The moon. The light of dawn caressing his face. It was hard for him to sleep without those cues, even with how exhausted he was sometimes, so he’d move around a lot in his sleep.
Steve hoped he was right. But he had no words left, because Tony had taken them all with him, so he only nodded.
He walked down the dark hallway, hearing to everybody’s breathing in their rooms. Tony wasn’t asleep yet — he snored, no matter how much he denied it — but he was already in bed when Steve got to their room. Before Steve could even speak, he turned his back on him.
But Steve, thanks to his training and his super-fast reflexes, was ready this time. He grabbed Tony’s hand before he fell and brought him closer. Tony blushed. Steve definitely didn’t (he did not blush, at all).
Meanwhile, he was unarmed, alone, and unprepared. But not defenseless. The playing field wasn’t fair, but Steve had grown up as the runt of the litter.  Even without his shield, without armor, and without his team, he still had an inherent willingness to kick people in the shins.
So he told Fury and then he waited until the information reached up through the chain of command. It took a week for the other man to show up at his apartment, wearing civilians clothes instead of the dark uniform he had been wearing the first few times. It looked incongruous somehow. It reminded Steve of the life he was supposed to be living.
“I always make you lunch. You’re terrible cooks.”
And that was true, but at the same time, Steve felt right at home. Maybe if he turned right on the next alley, he’d be right back at Coney Island, waiting for his turn to ride the Cyclone. Maybe if he turned left, Bucky would be there, waiting for him. Tony’s voice brought him back to the present. “Earth or not, I still don’t trust carnies.”
“Suit yourself. You should join us later. It’s going to be very interesting.”
The man sat on the bed and smiled at him. It was the first time the other man’s smile looked genuine, instead of like some desperate attempt to placate Steve.
The meaning was obvious. “I’m… can I keep the file?”
Batroc’s cock was thicker than Steve had expected. A patch of dark curly hair went up to Batroc’s navel. His abdomen was pure firm muscle and the skin shined with sweat. Madripoor was always hot that time of the year… was he really thinking about the weather?
“There was an empty medical bay. He probably felt a nesting instinct about it or something. Doctors are weird.”
“I’ll answer if you do,” she said, turning around to face him.
In which Steve Rogers is oblivious and Tony Stark is horny.
‘$50 on Ms. Marvel,’ he said before kissing Tony on the cheek. ‘I’ll be outside.’
Strange shrugged. “Yes. They’re all like you — young and wide-eyed. I don’t understand why you’d join this… insane venture.”
Captain America seizes the chance and pushes the armor against the wall. He then leaps across the warehouse and kneels next to the prisoner.
They shook their heads. “This is our job, not yours... If you want to help the Skrull, find Captain Marvel. Help her. She’ll know what to do with a bunch of humans.”
“A woman showed up - Carol Danvers, a missing Air Force pilot. Turns out she had been kidnapped by an evil empire from beyond the stars and was here looking for some shapeshifting terrorists that turned to be more like shapeshifting refugees. It was a mess, SHIELD covered it up like they cover everything up, I got my hands on the star charts Danvers left Fury. Then I also got my hands on a cool alien ship Danvers gave her… best friend and got to work. We couldn’t miss this opportunity just because some spies got antsy about planetary security. Science, knowledge… it’s all waiting for us out there.”
She turned to look at him. “Grant Stevens?”
“Potts, Hogan, this is Mr. Stevens.”
Tiberius. Right. That had to be Tiberius Stone, a self-styled captain of industry Steve privately thought was more like a snake-oil seller. He’d have to report it to Fury. This couldn’t be a coincidence.
"Bucky…" the other man said, with a hint of a warning in his voice.
A messenger came with a brown envelope the next day. Inside, he found the contract, more forms to fill out and an information packet. It had very scant information, but Steve's main questions were answered. The mission would start in two weeks and they would spend six months charting space and trying to establish if there was alien life. Crew members were promised a huge paycheck, life insurance and a place to store their belongings. The files included a brief introduction to the members of the crew and a very small description of the ship.
A group of Skrulls wearing a red uniform approached them. The guns on their hands made it clear they were security.
“Well, if you think so, then don’t interrupt me in my showers.”
Steve shrugged. He wasn’t going to pay any more attention to Tony. He could go and dance with all the Hollywood stars he wanted. Steve would make his own fun. He tried to drink another sip of champagne, but his glass was empty.
“I hope they survive,” Nat said.
“Cozy like sardines in a can,” he said.
Steve hugged himself. Tony was still there and he didn’t sound angry, just tired. In his mind, he could see Tony’s open, satisfied
The rhythms of the conversation were practiced enough that Steve knew there was a shared wealth of memories and love there that didn't belong to him. Nothing did anymore. Besides his own memories of rollercoasters and bad dates, of running around streets that didn’t exist anymore and of fighting a war that was now memorials and history books, stood another friendship, another man who knew Bucky as he was now and not as he had been.
“Plan for this? Not really. All rooms are supposed to house two people, actually. The ship needs a larger crew than I could get.”
“I’m joining you and you leave today.”
The past. All he had was a preordained past and no hope for the future. He could go to the stars. He had nothing left on Earth.
“Fine,” she said.
mean?’
‘Wait. We talked about this. Yesterday,’ he said with a very deep frown that showed that he was having very deep thoughts.
“Yes. I… we married her. We’re happy.”
The Kree were beginning to lose ground, confused about what to do. They were too close to shoot him without hurting each other, too slow to punch or kick Steve, too well-trained to run away. Steve didn’t care. As he lost himself in the flow of combat, the litany of punch-kick-punch-pain-jump-dodge, everything blurred but the bone-deep certainty that this was where he belonged. This was who he was.
“This useless friend was smart enough to not get kicked out,” Rhodes said, leaning against a wall.
“Always so respectful. Almost makes me wanna buy it.”
to see.’
“Wow, be less paranoid, Grant.”
They left the cockpit one by one and the landing party walked to their rooms to suit up. Steve was done first. He had never unlearned the quick, breathless rhythm of the military — suiting up was muscle memory so he could do it in minutes even if his hands shook and his brain was full of all the ways their mission could go wrong. While he waited, he sat in one of the sofas and looked up the skylight. Shiny ships passed overhead because space was no dead emptiness, but the home of thousands of different people. Entire kingdoms and vast empires grew and crumbled while people on Earth remained clueless.
"Never," he replied. Once he made a decision, he committed to it. No half-measures. No regrets, not anymore. Earth was his past now and his future was in the stars.
“Yeah, I’m sure being 6’5’’ was a nightmare.”
and jumped down from the highest point, landing in a way he hoped was cool. The alien now had changed colors, four more antennae had come out of its head and it kept ranting about cheaters who stole bilgesnipe plushies, but Steve didn’t care: Tony was staring at him with a deeply appreciative gaze.
“She’s… fighting the Kree. Distracting them while we…” the kid began, but then it covered its mouth.
“You need to leave! Now! The Kree! They’ve found us!”
His hands went to his own tie.
‘You know. If I’m going to be visiting you at your hotel, we better make sure it looks convincing.’
Tony stopped in front of one of the carnival games. It looked familiar: a dozen or so platforms moved up and down, and a prize stood on the highest of them all. Steve didn’t need to listen to the neon alien in charge to understand how it worked. A fuchsia fuzzy monkey was hanging from one of the middle platforms by one hand. Trembling from head to tail, it managed to hoist himself onto the next platform, but then the entire game shook and the creature fell down into a foamy mattress. It shook its fist at the alien in charge and yelled gibberish at it.
“No. Sorry to break your little date, but I need to check for supplies. Clint can protect me,” Laura said.
“You understand I can’t introduce you to my wife. Matter of national security.”
He smiled ruefully. “You want the truth then? It’s nothing deep. I’ve always wanted to see space.”
‘… what do I have to do?’
Steve frowned before he remembered what Tony meant. A year ago, Steve’s Ghosts of Christmas Past had come knocking and… That night, it had been only Steve and Tony in the Tower, left alone by the rest of the team (such a small team back then, before losing Tony, before the Beyonder, before everything). A normal, lonely New Year, and then… well, then they had spoken long-buried words and there had been passionate declarations and even more passionate make-outs.
Laura turned back first. “Where’s…?”
Clint sighed, but it was the sigh of somebody who had lived on his own and was dreading what he knew necessary. Natasha was another thing entirely. She pouted and crossed her arms. With the slightly too large uniform, she looked like a kid. “Chores? Really? We’re in space!”
His hunch proved correct. There was a gorgeous redhead, the kind of gorgeous that made Steve self-conscious, sitting on the table. She was very busy picking at her cornflakes and after the first shock wore off, Steve realized she looked… young. There was something in the way she swung her feet off the table that didn’t fit the age in her files. “Natasha Romanoff?”
Steve rolled his eyes at the same time Tony did. The only upside of Strange’s usual mood was that Tony found needling him for no real reason fun. Strange didn’t rise to the bait, but it was fun to see Tony try. His eyes would sparkle with a playful glint and his grins were contagious. Tony’s presence was always electrifying, magnetic, even when he was being kind of a dick. Maybe especially when he was being kind of a dick.
“Oh, I’ll be waiting for you, remember? No need to miss me,” she said, caressing his cheek. He wanted to lean in, to steal a kiss, but it would be foolish. Somebody else was kissing her and she wouldn’t miss
“After you,” Tony said.
After an hour or two of fretting, the car entered the facility. There was more activity now — trucks coming and going, cars parked in the driveway, a small cadre of mechanics and engineers opening crates and screaming at each other. It reminded Steve of Camp Lehigh.
They had their last meal on Earth silently. It was nothing special — instant mac-and-cheese — and Steve wished he had thought of something better, a better good-bye. It didn’t sound like the last meal before a mission that was almost suicide. Nobody was rushing to make one last call home or writing a letter to their mother. There were no silent tears and no boisterous toasts. It seemed they had all said their good-byes before. A bunch of ghosts, already gone.
He rolled his eyes. ‘So… are we ditching or not?’
It was just a tie.
They stayed in silence, but it wasn’t comfortable.
‘Wouldn’t it be suspicious?’
‘Pouting then.’
The man hesitated. "It's been 50 years. She's not the same. Life changes a person."
When they got inside, Steve realized they were the last ones to get back to the ship. Nat waved at them when they got in, perched on one of the sofas where Clint was chatting with Rhodes. Laura had covered the table with all the food she had acquired. There was green meat, a bowl full of worms, some things that looked like twisted fruit, and a bug that kept crashing against the wall of the box he was in but didn’t seem to be discouraged in its escape attempts. Bruce stared at it in silence, while Strange took samples from everything muttering under his breath.
"Of course I promise. I know we have it, eventually. I've already done it, remember?"
Steve stood up and went to Tony. So far, so normal. Tony began saying something about ‘Tokyo’ and ‘traffic’ when Steve grabbed him by the shoulders and… kissed him.
“Hey, what are you implying?”
Tony opened Steve's sketchbook without hesitation.
Tony to the rescue again, giving Steve an out Steve didn’t know he needed. Without looking up at Batroc, he shook his head.
The team nodded.
Thor went on, unabated. ‘I shall remember the pleasure of sweat covering our bodies, destroyed furniture, and exhaustion in our limbs.’
“This is cruelly, wantonly early,” Tony said, his face hidden behind a coffee mug. “And you’re delighting in our suffering.”
“What about the flowers?” Tony said as he put a hand on Steve’s shoulder. He had managed to stay silent for more than a minute, which was a record.
Considering Steve’s pleading eyes and his raspy, desperate voice, Tony didn’t have much of a choice but to be honest. But he couldn’t… he couldn’t do that if they were face-to-face. First, he moved away from Steve, and then, with one hand, he turned Steve around. His wrists looked fine, just a bit red. Good. He began undoing the restraints, relieved Steve couldn’t see his face, and only then did he finally answer.
“Hey, Grant…” Laura said when she got to the kitchen counter. She wasn’t dressed yet but she was already at work: she was holding up at the coffee can.
The finishing touch had been the spider gag straining Steve’s mouth open. Steve had smiled at Tony and he had smiled back and promised him he’d stay in the room, just to be safe. And with everything done, Tony had had no choice but to step back and let everybody else into the room.
A cock sliding out of Steve’s ass. Somebody coming with a throaty scream.
The closest exit was about 20 feet away: light came through a small opening around 10 feet above The ladder had fallen off, but… yeah. He could handle it. He jumped on a small mountain of rubble and waited for Nat.
“Nah, I’m fine here,” Tony said. Steve straightened his back. Tony clearly understood why the teams were assigned that way, then.
Maybe coming to the party would be worth it after all.
That startled a smile out of Steve. “What? Not even bothering with an introduction?”
“There are two chairs. Two chairs, two people.”
“Used to. Not anymore.”
“I won’t stay behind. You’re stuck with me now, I signed a contract.”
“You have some explaining to do.”
He looked at Steve again: his cock was straining against his pants and his whole face was red, but his eyes remained open and he was still firmly in place, his whole body a taut wire ready to snap.
Tony looked yellow. ‘We… we will send you the memo.’
“You’re all a bunch of cheaters.”
There was no doubt about who should be the first person to know he had gotten the job, so there was no doubt about his first stop of the day. When he got to the gym, Fury was already there, sitting in one of the benches. Steve sat down next to him and took a deep breath, trying to steady himself, but before Steve could speak, Fury did.
“You can do that at SHIELD.”
Too bad. He wasn’t getting out of the time loop unless he admitted it.
“I think that… I’m going to defer to Grant here, he explains it better,” Tony said.
‘Why did you want me to see?’ Tony knew the answer, but he needed to confirm it before he made an even bigger fool of himself.
‘Hey, I’m not gonna… we’re just friends!’
Steve went to the window and looked down. There were people down there, but they were high enough they looked like ants. It explained how… detached Howard seemed, if this was where he spent his days. Away from everything, but making decisions that affected everybody else. Tony’s offices had been smaller, closer to the ground. “Well, his offer was more interesting. I’ve never punched aliens before.”
There was a small apple rolling on the floor and a young man grinning at the door. He looked rougher than Bruce and not… older, but more experienced. The lines in his face betrayed the kind of childhood Steve knew well — days filled with hunger and reckless play in equal measure.
Oh, he was finally getting it.
“Wow. That’s new.”
“Why are you here, then? Do you know Captain Marvel? Are you going to help her? Do you have a message for her?”
“Why are you here?” Tony asked.
“Okay, Stevens, what’s your deal? Why do you move so much? Are you jerking off? Is that it?”
“I think I know what the problem is.”
“Yep. There’s going to be a lot of… well, nudity in a small ship. We can’t be awkward about it, because an awkward team is a team that’s not working right.”
“So, Barton, what are your abilities?” Steve said instead.
Bruce Banner — Steve was sure it was him because he looked exactly like a young scientist working in cutting-edge esoteric science ought to look like — at least had the decency to blush. From the file, Steve remembered he was some sort of scientist working with gamma rays and deep space radiation. Maybe he was a doctor, of the medical kind? Steve hadn’t understood it completely.
Tony hated mornings. He hated the harsh sun hitting his eyes through the large windows. He hated the fogginess that he couldn’t shake until his third cup of coffee. He hated the disgusting noises of Hulk having breakfast and how his own stomach growled.
Tony was as humble as his father had been at his age, but his voice had an edge of vulnerability to it. And the truth was that it did look like the work of a genius, the work of an intelligence that was far away from everybody else’s, busy building a reality from what most people thought was an illusion.
“I’m not… the boss, but if you’re going to be part of the crew…”
Oh, not a something. A
“If you do, I’ll keep it. If you lose… you clean the room for a month.”
“That’s exactly what I said,” Natasha said with a nod.
‘Yeah. We work well together.’
“Stevens! Hurry up! This is not a parade!”
It’d be suspicious if they did.
‘Only during date night? That’d be nice. I’m a bit tired of the lovey-dovey eyes during missions.’
‘So you should do the same for us and let us risk it. For happiness. For beauty. For
Steve propped himself up on one elbow and took Tony’s hand in his. ‘Why do you think I asked you to do this?’
“Oh, wow, thank you for the information. We hadn’t noticed,” Natasha said.
“It’s not a good idea,” Laura said. “A robot is more weight-efficient and consumes fewer resources, Nat.”
“So who was it? Laura?” Steve asked as he took off the shirt and let it fall to the floor.
“Tell me.”
“Yes, rooms. We want to see our room. Clint and I, you know, we still want our honeymoon suite.”
This would be his first mission. He couldn’t ruin it or Fury would have his hide. It was simple enough: meet contact, pass him the files, leave the place, return to his sad hotel room, await further orders. Not what he had imagined when he joined Project Rebirth, but he’d prove himself to Fury. He knew it.
“I studied Danvers’ ship a lot, there were files from the Pegasus Project I deftly acquired, and well, I’m a genius. I’m sure that’d be enough”
‘Thank you.’
He was the first to use it every day, right after waking up or right before going to sleep, whenever he had night duty. Rhodes, Nat, and Clint weren’t the only ones to use it — sometimes Strange would work out his frustrations against it or Tony would pretend to be punching Strange in the face. The ship was so small that running was out of the question, but Laura had brought a jumping rope with her. She joined them in the mornings. Two of them would drink coffee and chat, while the other two trained.
“I think the throw blanket makes this room look cozy and Laura will leave me if I tell her secrets so… Stevens can’t cook for shit and last week he ruined an entire packet of re-hydrated lunches. He hid them at the bottom of a crate, but we all know.”
Bucky hadn’t spoken, for some minutes, and kept cooking. His shoulders had sagged and his jaw had tightened, but then he had laughed. “So… you’re going to be Buck Rogers.”
“What did I tell you about how raising your hand works, Stevens? Fine. Pepper, draw a contract up.”
But even after he walked around all of it, the engine room remained empty and there wasn’t much to see. He grabbed a crate and sat on it, keeping an eye on Tony. If Bucky had been there, he would have told Steve to sit still… but he wasn’t, so Steve could fidget to his heart’s content. Tony was laughing now, with the kind of laugh that shook his entire body. He had grease on his brow, his hair stuck out on all directions and his sleeves were rolled up. Like a fish to water, Steve thought, and took out a page he had torn off his sketchbook right before landing and his pencil. He sketched Tony’s body half in shadow and the alien next to him. But he stopped when a prickling on his back told him he was being watched. He turned around and saw a… it was a kid, that much was obvious. Skrull kid, to be more precise.
Summers, because he was a poopyhead indeed, only laughed at him. And worse — nothing happened.
Steve lowered his hand. Was he that predictable?
“Not all of us can dress up as a lumberjack and call it a day.”
Steve snorted. “I can understand that.”
Steve could hear Pepper’s voice in those words. It was heartwarming that Tony seemed to value her opinion so much, even so far away. Every time Steve decided Tony was a dick, Tony confused Steve with some earnest, touching show of vulnerability. It was maddening.
“Wow. Is this Happy? You’re good. Can I keep it?”
Nobody spoke until Tony stood up from the sofa.
“You want me for security, don’t you? It’s my job to know things.”
It was a morning like any other morning. The sun rose over Marville’s tidy rows of houses where people were yawning and blasting off their alarms clocks with lasers and curling under their blankets.
“They went down to the lifeboats. On the docks.”
The hints of loose haziness in Steve’s voice made Tony’s cock twitch.
‘… fine. I will. Are you happy now?’
“And I can’t even say he’s wrong,” Bruce mused. Nobody moved at first.
One of the Skrulls laughed. “Kree aren’t that stupid,” he said and moved aside. “You can enter the station, but remember, we’ll be watching. And if we decide to strike, you won’t see us coming.”
“I said no! Humans are always the same! Always! My broodmother always said that you can’t trust bipeds! And she was right!”
“If he says no, we stay grounded,” Tony said, letting the mugs crash into the sink for emphasis. Steve hoped none of them had broken. He liked them — they all had the Stark Space Squad rocket printed on them.
It wasn’t even a lie. It was nice, to meet somebody new, somebody with no shared history. Somebody who was willing to make jokes and wasn’t going to treat Steve with kid gloves.
“I… wouldn’t call it suicide,” Tony replied. “Is it reckless? Risky? Yes, but you all knew what you were getting into. You can still walk away now.”
“When I was… you, I wasn’t told. I can’t change the past. This has to happen the way it did, I have to let it happen the way it did.”
“Tell me the truth. Now.”
Tony snorted. “Pulled some strings?”
“We’re not on Earth anymore.”
His days shaped themselves into a routine. Breakfast. To his office. Chatting with Natasha — Nat, she wanted him to call her Nat —. Dealing with her jokes at Steve’s expense. Dinner. Then dealing with Tony’s jokes at Steve’s expense. Sleep. Rinse and repeat. So he welcomed any day when something happened — even if it was inconsequential, the kind of memory that only looked important with the benefit of hindsight, once it had become a piece of the jigsaw of Steve’s life.
Steve leaned back on his seat. If he moved, maybe his body would feel less stiff. “Now we’re… on a set course to… Waypoint Station, right? Three small jumps and then…”
“Did you… plan for this? Or was it just a coincidence the ship can house eight people and not just six?”
‘Found it,’ he said and picked up the unused towel. He ran his hands through it, enjoying the soft fluffiness.
It tries to fire.
“At least now we both are tied down to our fate. If you were me, before, then you know what you’re supposed to do too. Don’t you understand how I feel like a puppet? Like I have no choice and no idea of what I'm supposed at the same time?”
Steve hunched over, but he kept his eyes open and his mouth shut. Oh, he had to take pity on the poor man, so he undid his tie and spread his legs.
you know that you stand no chance against Iron Man and me.’
“What’s he recruiting for?”
Steve got to the cockpit last, so the only empty seat was next to Tony.
“We know nothing.”
“Romanoff, please. If you wanna spar, just ask for it.”
“Something like that. Why are we talking about my life? You still haven’t told me anything about aliens.”
At the feet of the bed, there were two boxes. He took the one labeled ‘Grant Stevens’ and opened it. Inside, there was a tight white uniform of a material Steve hadn’t seen before, shoes, a few shirts and sweatpants and… well, underwear and socks. They all had a small STARK logo on them, except for the two pairs of boots. It wasn't much, so he wondered how they’d do laundry in space. He could ask, but Tony would laugh at him. Maybe somebody else in the crew could tell him. Pepper had said half of them were already there and if that was the case, he wanted to meet them as soon as possible, to know what his team was going to look like. And the only place where everybody would eventually go was the kitchen, so that’s where he went. He could eat a bit too if there was anything interesting or familiar.
Fuck. Was everything going to be leaden with innuendo from now on? Steve said nothing, but at least the silence was more of the
Steve shook his head. ‘No. Tony and I were talking and we think it’s time to set up some fraternization rules.’
Even Steve found himself laughing at Natasha’s comment. Well, at least everybody was aware of the risk. They dug in into their dinners. Hunger, Steve thought, was the best seasoning. Or maybe it was having dinner with a rowdy group of people, with starlight coming through the skylight and the entire universe above their heads.
He wasn’t, at least not ready for the way Steve lunged at him. Tony sidestepped him — he had good instincts, at least. Steve tried a punch and Tony tried to knee him in the groin. Unsuccessful, but it was good that Tony wasn’t above any underhanded tactic. They danced around each other, a kick here, a punch there, until Steve got tired of the game. It was easy to throw a punch as a feint but then to kick Tony’s feet from under him. Tony fell and Steve held him against the floor. They both panted, looking at each other. Sweat dripped from Tony’s forehead and Steve could see his collarbone and the outline of his muscles below his shirt. He heard Tony’s heart beating fast against his chest and he knew his heart was beating even harder.
He’d bring him back, Steve thought. He’d bring Tony back to this woman who loved him so much. He wouldn’t let the crew down.
“I thought I had left everything there, but I hadn’t, not really. It’s still here. The pressure to live up to expectations. My past. My shining future.”
“Hi…” she said. “I need to… can we talk in my office?”
“… yeah. Yeah,” Tony said and that’s when something flew past them and crashed against a wall.
His eyes widened but he didn’t get to protest: Stark’s lips were on his and then everything was confusion. He closed his eyes and then opened them and then closed them again. Stark’s chest was pressed against his and  Stark was pushing one knee between Steve’s legs. His hands were deftly opening his shirt. When Stark’s cold fingers ghosted over Steve’s nipples, Steve realized what he was doing: searching for the files. He put his arms around Stark’s shoulders and cut the kiss short. Instead, he nuzzled him. Stark’s neck smelled as musky as he had always imagined.
His next chance came during one of the team dinner nights. Steve always insisted on those: they were good for morale and team cohesion, which would obviously result in better battle outcomes. Clint just thought Steve didn’t like to eat alone, but he wasn’t complaining. The team dinners were always tasty and delicious. That night wasn’t an exception: the mouth-watering smell of a hearty stew filled the kitchen. Steve was in charge and Tony was with him in the kitchen, making a nuisance of himself. Of course, Steve wasn’t kicking him out.
“And until Tony builds dishwashing robots, we’re still gonna need to do chores.”
“What are you waiting for? Are you gonna carry me all the way to the ship?”
“Didn’t you hear? We need credits!” Tony said with a grin and began walking again with a decisive step. Steve hurried after him. He had to catch up — Tony always made him feel as if Steve was still in the past and Tony was already three steps ahead. Where everybody else saw the fog of uncertainty, Tony saw the future unfurl.
“Do you… do you need help?” she said, looking down on him
Bruce rolled his eyes. “If you all turn into alien monsters it won’t be my fault.”
Tony Stark is rumpled in a corner. His cardiac rhythm is erratic and there has been a significant blood loss. His breathing is shallow, but all analysis point to a likely survival. He has proven to be tough beyond its calculations. This should not be possible. But yet it is.
‘I… I told… Fury’s waiting.’
Breakfast the next morning was simple. He tried to make toast, Natasha tried to wrangle the coffee maker into submission, Bruce tried to explain how the engines worked. There were a bunch of technical non-sensical words, a lot of drawing diagrams in the air and many bemused looks between him and Natasha.
Steve pictured himself for six long months, being known as ‘Stevens’. It made him sick to his stomach, but he couldn't be 'Steve', not for a long time. “Call me… call me Grant.”
‘Can I…?’
If the narrator did that, narrative suspense would be broken. Steve had to grow as a character before the solution showed itself.
“Hm, Tony, is everything okay?”
When he opened his eyes, he caught Tony staring with his mouth open. What was his problem? Steve wasn't doing anything weird, so he stared back. Tony rolled his eyes and waved his hand. “You’re taking a lot of space,” he said and went back to his conversation with Rhodes.
‘No. I’ll dry your hair,’ he said, sounding much more sure than he was. He was very good at that.
“Hey, that’s my desk. Why are those things on my desk?”
“Halfway to the docks when I turned back.”
‘…even if we hadn’t been able to tell…’
The alien, a neon humanoid with two antennae, took Steve’s twenty credits gladly. “Remember. No prize unless you get to the highest platforms. I don’t make the rules.”
“Fine. Wait. Where’s… where’s Tony?”
He met Howard a week or so after moving into his new apartment. He had wanted to refuse at first, but Howard didn’t deserve that. It wasn’t his fault Steve felt like the Ghost of Christmas Past. They have talked on the phone one or two times and Howard had told him he wanted to invite everybody, to have a Howling Commandos reunion with all the survivors. Steve had refused. He wasn't ready for that. Maybe he'd never be ready for that, especially knowing that not all Howling Commandos were alive. He’d be there and wonder if it wouldn’t be better if he had died too. So he had promised instead to visit Howard’s house and talk about the old times and lie about how well he was settling into the future.
Why was she so silent? If she kept showing out of nowhere like that, Steve was going to put a bell on her neck.
“We have friends in common. Very strong, very shiny friends in common.”
They stepped into the street and began running again. They turned right and then left and then kept running straight for a while before turning left and then…
That was the code. Steve’s shoulders relaxed. He hadn’t ruined it, not yet. Stark hooked his arm around Steve’s waist and dragged him to the bar. The bartender, a man with an impressive mustache, pushed two glasses towards them. He didn’t spare them another glance.
“Clint, darling, we have fresh food still. Use that. The freeze-dried food is for later on.”
‘I… My name is Roger Stevens. I’m from… Maine. I’m here on business. My uncle sent me to talk to some… associates of him.’
The kid nodded.
“I know. We’re almost there. Next week, you’ll be dissecting aliens. It’s an expression, Stevens, we won’t be dissecting anything. At least not anything that can talk.”
Steve gave the barest hint of a nod before doing as he was told. Batroc’s eyes went wider, but then Steve waited for further instructions.
“Are you staying for the carnival?”
“Well, maybe Hope sneaked in but...” Tony said. “No, I don’t think so.”
‘All these years and poor Batroc never realized all he had to do was ask nicely and you’d go down to your knees just like that.’
He ignored it because his mom was so good at pancakes that maybe it had been on purpose. Tony was outside waiting for him and his smile was just as nice as it had been the day before, but that was also normal. It wasn’t until Tony began telling him about his plans for the new hot tub in the clubhouse that Steve suspected something was off.
“So I’m supposed to just know when to come back? Not to fuck up everything?”
Steve laughed and that startled Bruce. Interesting. He wandered into the room, acting as if he owned the place, and took off his shirt with one swift movement. “You’ve never been in the military?” he said when he noticed Bruce looking away from Steve’s naked chest.
Ha, they weren’t going to leave him out of the betting pool if he could help it. He walked towards them and grabbed Tony’s waist from behind. With his eyes closed and hearing nothing but Tony’s heartbeat, he could pretend it was just the two of them. But the spell was broken by Clint laughing and the Hulk growling.
When he was done with his coffee and with the news — standard slice of natural disasters and political mayhem, with a sprinkling of sheep wearing scarves —, he decided to bring them back to their mission. ‘So… today we kick ass, catch our bad guys and then get back to New York in time for dinner.’
‘And very eloquent as well. Maybe you’re more of a man of action…’ he said, putting his hand on Steve’s cheek. Steve leaned into the touch, so Tony took it away and patted him on the chest. ‘Get naked. You have thirty seconds or I won’t let you fuck me.’
Steve glanced at the dancing floor. There were girls flirting with men, but that wasn’t the whole story: a woman was swaying with a shorter woman in his arms and he was pretty sure the couple in the darkest corner of the room were two men. Everybody knew why people came to Berlin instead of Paris. Or why they used to.
(See the end of the chapter for
When the guy fucking him slapped his ass — the thudding sound echoed across the room and Tony’s mouth went dry —, Steve curled his feet and arched his back and then he was coming. His strangled moan that went straight to Tony’s dick. Where was his self-control? He closed his eyes and began muttering the elements of the periodic table under his breath.
It has time. That is all it has. So all it can do is search inside its own code. Search for an answer: what was the error? Why couldn’t it hurt Captain America?
She raised her eyebrows. “Because he’ll find it very irresistible. The jacket, I mean. But it’s missing a certain something…” she said. She took off her own sunglasses and put them on Steve’s face. “Ta-dah! Now you’re ready for your date.”
But what about his new memories and the people around him? Would he carry them forever too? Their voices and Nat’s red hair and the way it curled and Tony’s strong hands and… Yes. He would. They were already a part of him, weren’t they? They had been there, a living proof that the future held good things when Steve had needed that the most. That was enough. That had to be enough if they ended up hating him once the truth came out.
Tony lowered his sunglasses and smirked at Steve. “Cool jacket.”
There was a ‘but’ hanging in the air, so Steve decided to apply some pressure. He turned around, crossed his arms and stared at Bruce.
Yes. He had made a mistake and now it was his job to fix it.
“Fine. Stop it, you two,” Tony said. “Bruce, no more playing god. Strange, next time you want to kill something, ask me first.”
“No, I just… had a question. About the Stark Space Squad?”
Most of his crew looked as confused as the SHIELD recruits, but Natasha smiled and saluted.
‘You… you… yes.’
Nat held up her hands. “Sorry, it slipped. I’m very bad at this. You can ask Clint.”
If Tony were a smart man, he’d kick Steve off the bed and they’d both fall asleep in beds too big and too cold. Whatever they were doing, it’d only lead to mutually assured destruction. He had to stop it, but… Steve was so relaxed, so quiet and vulnerable. Steve never allowed himself these moments. Tony couldn’t take that away from him. They could pretend this wasn’t a one night stand, so he turned his back on Steve, not knowing what to say.
“I… dabble.”
But for the first minutes or so of every day, all Tony could think about was Steve. About his absurd bright smile, his broad shoulders, and the methodical way he was demolishing his breakfast. About the contrast with the focused intent of the night before, his passionate kisses, and the not-so-wholesome applied uses of his Super Soldier stamina.
After that, Clint printed out the memo and memorized each item. No matter what, he was going to bring down the law on them. Everybody on the team kept disrespecting him and shoving their crushes on his face. But he’d have the last laugh.
That, too, is a new experience.
Rhodes saluted them and walked towards Strange and Bruce. In a clear show of how scientific their mission was going to be, they high-fived him.
“I’m sure… you had fun getting that information,” Tony said, somehow keeping on a straight face.
“You’re…”
Steve saluted the guard — they merely tilted their heads — and turned towards Nat. It wasn’t hard to find the ship, because it was the last one, as the guards have said. The engines were roaring, ready to jump. Nat was losing steam — her face was flushed, her breathing labored — but she still pushed ahead.
“Yeah. I get why you’d do that if there was… such pressure on top of you.”
Steve’s eyes narrowed, but Strange sounded honest. And concerned. He wasn’t looking at Steve. Instead, his eyes were focused on his own hands as they bandaged Steve’s abdomen. Strange had seen death before, unlike most of the crew, but that didn’t mean he was used to war.
Steve couldn’t hear Tony’s answer, because he was already outside. The balcony was empty and all he could hear from the party were muffled yells and distant laughter. What a great way to start another year — a good meal surrounded by… well, by his family. This was the way he wanted every year to begin, he thought: celebrating his past and looking forward to his future. The balcony rail was cold under his hands and the breeze hitting his face was even colder, but nothing could abate the warmth spreading inside his chest.
There was no reason to take a dead body, but a prisoner who knew how to make their weapons explode was valuable.
It wasn’t an evil clown — and Clint knew his fair share of those — or a killer metaphorical fog. Not even a killer frog. It was just Steve and Tony. Clint raised his eyebrows. Even if they were freshly showered, nothing could hide the tell-tale signs of a sex marathon: hickeys, bruises, Tony’s smuggest grin, and Steve’s dumbest smile.
As Steve twirled his glass, the swirling champagne bubbles evaporated as quickly as his own enjoyment of the party. The band was at best middling, the food was too delicate for his tastes, and the conversation was insipid. He had sauntered away from the heat of the action, excusing himself from endless talks about stocks and clumsy ladies wanting to dance, until he had found himself in a forgotten corner.
His team nodded, with twin grins on their faces. Breakfast was fast and furious and clean-up was efficient and quick. Clint drank about three mugs of coffee and Steve was unwillingly impressed. Natasha, it turned out, had requested special cereal. The kind that looked like candy animals and tasted of plastic, at least according to Steve.
Steve nodded, several times, but didn’t stop gulping down their dinner. Tony watched his Adam’s apple bob and wondered… no. He had to stop thinking about it. They had the intel and that’s what mattered. Yes. The intel. The mission.
They didn’t seem that convinced, but they hid it better than Tony, who set his mug on the counter with a dramatic, over-acted sigh that wouldn’t have been out of place in a silent movie. “So… I’m with you, Grant? Are you going to babysit me?”
“So… here’s the armory,” Tony said. The sad corner with a few lockers and a very small desk didn't deserve that name. “It might look small, but it’s full of fun toys…” Tony said and took out a bow from one of the cupboards. “Including frighteningly low-tech toys, but with the Stark touch.”
Steve didn’t want to beat around the bush. He had a goal and no desire to spend more time with the other man than that was needed. “Is this… is this what happened?”
“Let’s move. No time to lose.”
But it was an effective dramatic gesture that made them bolt from their chairs and ran to the showers. There weren’t enough of them and there had already been a few rows about how long Laura took and how hairy Bruce was, but this time they all showered and changed with military precision and only a sprinkle of curses. That boded well for how they’d work under pressure. If they kept up the training, they could become a great, efficient crew.
Steve looked at Pepper, a question in his face.
“I used to be short. I know how it feels like too.”
The Pegasus Project? What was that? He filed that away with all the questions he was going to ask Tony when… when he didn’t feel like the wrong question would break their tentative detente.
The door clicked open and Steve pinched his shoulders together. Great. Now he’d have to be polite.
“Human. Why are you here?” the Kree captain asked.
Steve was startled by Nat’s question. “… yeah, we have to. It builds for your character.”
Steve wanted to move, but that’d only make the Kree shoot. Of course, he was nimble enough to avoid their fire, but Tony was a different matter. No. He’d have to stay put and wait for an opportunity to grab Tony. Worst case scenario, he could shield Tony with his own body.
Before leaving, Steve tucked the drawing of Bucky in space under the TV. At least something of his would remain behind.
“Good… morning,” he said and grabbed some toast himself. “Are you both ready?”
“Well, I… got us a month of supplies and a million credits.”
When he got back to his place, he sat down in his table and scattered the file’s contents on top of it. There was the flyer, more of blueprints, some financial reports, a few news clippings and the personal file on Tony Stark. He checked the financial reports first — the backer was some West Coast scientist named Hank Pym, who had worked at SHIELD before. Was that how Howard was helping his son, funneling money to the enterprise through an old friend? The file on Tony told him little. An MIT graduate, a genius, a party boy, a rift with his father. There was a section written by the other man -
“Just incredible.”
Tony sat up on the chair and put the resume back on the desk. At that moment, when he mustered all his spoiled charisma to mask his wounded pride, Steve could finally see Howard in Tony's demeanor. “You don’t know who I am?”
“Are you the guy with the idea about the…?”
Tony Stark, looking both younger and older than Steve had expected. He didn't look much like his father, especially not like the man his father was now. Tony had Steve’s resume in his hand and was thumbing through it with a distracted look.
“We have a ship. We can follow them.”
Tony looked satisfied. His face was like an open book, the complete opposite from his father. Was it a difference in nature or just the passage of time? Would Tony learn how to play it close to the vest, his sincerity buried under the burden of hard decisions and dark secrets?
“You…”
“Can’t say that I have, no.”
“… yes. You did. So just believe in me a little bit more, will you?”
It was true. He had dreamed of Martians and rockets, once upon a time. Now he dreamed of nothing.
There is no further need for subterfuge, then. The first punch makes Captain America double over. The second makes him fall to his knees. His face looks red under the light of the repulsor.
“So… we’re in space,” Rhodes said when he sat down. “And we’re not dead.”
“We’re not cuddling. This is a professional interaction,” Tony said, not moving one inch. Steve nodded in agreement, but he began standing up anyway. “Really, Stevens? Okay, fine, let’s go help our useless friends.”
“I…” Nat fell silent after that. With a shrug, she hugged him. It was over so fast that Steve didn’t react. She turned around, saying nothing, and jumped over to the next rooftop, away from the Kree. Away from Tony.
“We’re lost,” Tony said.
“Could an interior decorator have done this?” Tony said with a smirk and pressed a button on the table.
“Yes. But I don’t make the rules.”
“New York.”
Steve didn’t know whether this was a negotiation tactic or if Tony really meant it, but nevertheless, he wasn’t okay with it. Tony had never known this type of desperation, he was sure of it, but Steve had. He put his hand on Tony’s shoulder and squeezed. Tony elbowed him but Steve didn’t take his arm off.
‘Next time, I’ll contact you,’ Stark said, caressing Steve’s cheek. ‘I have my ways.’
“Come on, let’s go,” Natasha said.
“Fine. Bruce, you go with them. Try to find samples of local… wildlife that isn’t, you know, sentient.” Tony said. “I’ll go find some spare parts for the engines and Grant can be my… my bodyguard.”
‘What do you want? A duel?’
“What?” Hank said. “You can’t just…”
“Not really. We know you don’t since you come back eventually.”
‘Fine. Grab my hips. You’ve earned it,’ Tony said and rested his forehead on Steve’s chest.
‘Tony… I thought you understood,’ Steve said, trying to sit down and failing. His arms were still too shaky for that.
The hallway was deserted, which did nothing to calm down his nerves. Why weren’t there any other candidates? Why was the whole place so beige and who had thought wood paneling was a good idea? And why was the bench so uncomfortable? Was it a test?
Steve whined again. Thank the Heavens for the Serum: Steve was hard again, so Tony put his arm around Steve’s waist and brought him closer. He put his hand around both their cocks and he lost himself in the sensation of their dicks pressed against each other.
Batroc pulled out his dick from Steve’s mouth. Steve swiped the spit off his chin with the back of his hand and swallowed the rest. His jaw was sore and he couldn’t talk, not yet. Batroc didn’t care — his big hand already covered his cock and he was stroking it, slowly.
Natasha laughed a bit. “Yes. You were.”
‘I know, but this is even sillier. Just tell me what I gotta do.’
‘So, what’s your name? Where are you from? What brings you to my fancy establishment?’
“I know, Tones. I’m going to go with Bruce and Strange to some sort of… alien pub. Wanna come?”
“Can I touch them? Wait, don’t answer that, it’s just scientific curiosity but it’s inappropriate for a boss and I won’t ask again. I respect your boundaries because that’s what bosses and adults do.”
“I don’t think that’s how William Tell’s story went…” Bruce said but Tony was already walking towards Fury, not even bothering to listen when Laura tried to thank him.
Tony would say that he was scowling too much if he were there. He even said that when they traveled together but Steve was sure it couldn’t be the case. He didn’t have as many reasons to scowl when it was just the two of them. Tony was no longer the playboy that lounged around pools in Montecarlo and cavorted with Hollywood starlets. He was, instead, a rugged experienced adventurer who could sleep on a tree branch, make a fire almost out of anything, and eat python meat for breakfast.
Clint did beat them, 9 times out of 10. Steve wondered where Clint had learned to aim like that. It wasn’t raw talent — there were training and discipline there.
Steve coughed. ‘We meant a more… amorous sort of battle,’ he said, turning a dark shade of red.
‘I’m just an enterprising man, running a… almost legitimate business,’ Stark said and put a hand on top of Steve’s. ‘And I was in the middle of a pleasant conversation I want to get back to.’
“We’re all sure,” Steve said. “We know what we’re getting into.”
“I hope you feel at home, Grant. We know it’s not much but it’s…cozy.”
“Do what?”
He had to think. He was already neck-deep in bad decisions, so… it couldn’t get any worse. There was no further damage to be done and if it was all the same, nobody could blame him if he took Steve’s cock out for a ride. Anybody would have done what he did.
“You’re… like four years older than me. So don’t play the age card.”
Of course Fury already knew. He wondered if Tony was right and Hill did work for him — he’d tell Tony about it later. Or maybe he’d let Hill keep her secrets if it turned out she was keeping his.
Nat laughed from her crate and that made Tony scram. Was he that sweaty? “I’m jealous,” she said. “You’ve never sparred with me. I know I’m not as cute but…”
And now he all he wanted to do was kill one of them and wear his skin. How could he not? They were enjoying the fruits of all his hard work. Not just the… arranging, no. He had been hands-on: he had prepared Steve himself. Made him kneel on the cold wooden floor and chained his legs to the floor, so his ass would be displayed to everybody who entered the room. Then he had twisted Steve’s arms behind his back and put the restraints he had made just for the occasion on Steve’s thick wrists. Steve’s pulse had been racing and Tony had caressed his back and whispered reassuring promises to him. That had worked — Steve had sagged against the floor and spread his legs even wider.
Steve sighed. He was very good at sighing.
Which meant Tony would have to be the responsible one. First, he took his shirt off. Then… even if Steve was too far gone to care, Tony knew he’d regret it if he woke up with dry come on his chest. So he cleaned Steve up with his shirt and threw it down to the floor.
made Steve open his fist. Tony’s breath hitched: primly folded, there lay Tony’s tie.
The prisoner — Tony Stark — raises his head.
“Lunch? Is it ready?” Strange said, popping his head out of the med bay. A dart landed inches away from his face.
It wouldn’t be too long now. Everything had been loaded onto the ship. They had all suited up. Tony and Bruce were inside the engine room, doing yet another round of ‘last checks’.
“Of course, boss.”
Steve brought his hand to his chest and nodded. It was okay — Tony could give him this. It wasn’t a kiss or a promise or a confession.
“They tried, but nothing worked until Banner complained about the bloodstains on the sofa.”
“First aid is not enough! That’s too reckless.”
“Can… can I…?”
As they followed Nat through a twisty tangle of back-alley, the crowds dwindled. The floating lights still floated above their heads, but there were no stalls and no flowers on the ground.
“Didn’t first contact happened when Captain Marvel…?”
“But food could be worse,” Steve added. Natasha gave him a thumbs-up.
“Steve…ns. Yeah. Stevens, that’s me.”
If he had been captured… His eyes scanned the room searching for something blunt and breakable, something he could use to stage an escape. He knew that his blood held secrets everybody wanted and it was his duty to avoid that. The room was almost empty — except for the nightstand, the bed and a chair that looked promising, so he walked towards it. He hoisted it above his head, ready to break the window when somebody coughed right behind him.
“You need to. Stop clinging to… Don’t you understand? Most people don’t get second chances like this.”
Tony took the popsicle out of his mouth. ‘You need to stop seeing everything in a sexual light!’
“Oh, can you make one of me? I can give you a tour of the station in exchange! I’m very good at that. Know all the shortcuts and the best places to eat and where the sewer snakes live.”
“Non-sense. You’ll leave a great impression of humanity. Nobody could represent us like you will.”
‘Oh, really?’ Tony leaned in and whispered in Steve’s ear. ‘Then why are you not charmed yet? God knows I’ve tried.’
“Are we sure the place is safe?” he asked.
While it was true the
Their corner of the ship was snug his head almost hit the ceiling. Natasha sat on the only desk and gestured at the only chair, so Steve on it. Clint leaned against the wall.
“Clint has a secret penchant for interior decorating,” Bruce said and didn’t even bother apologizing for the hair thing. That was the real Bruce, then. A Skrull would have tried to be polite.
She bit her lips, but she nodded.
Strange and Bruce showed up when it was ready — convenient timing, that — and Tony sat down second-to-last. “Hey, can somebody bring Rhodey? He’s obsessing over the course and I’d hate it if he had to eat his dinner cold, considering how… amazing and elaborate it is.”
“We can just yell for him,” Laura said. “It’s not as if this is… you know, a cruise.”
Steve, as he bashed two alien’s skulls against each other, realized two things. The first one was that Bruce had one hell of a temper. No other way of explaining why he was savagely beating an alien with a smaller alien while he screamed. The second, more reassuring realization was that they, miraculously, worked great as a team. Nat didn’t need to look over her shoulder to know Clint was watching her back and Tony didn’t need to let Rhodes know before pushing an alien against him. Strange was protecting Laura and slowly moving towards the exit. With just one look, Steve knew to duck when Nat threw an alien towards him. Yes. They worked so well that not even half an hour later, most of the patrons either laid at their feet or had been thrown out to the street. That was when the bar-tentader grabbed each one of them by the neck and threw them out. Literally.
Steve walked closer to him and stared him down. The man didn't budge, didn't flinch.
“I can occasionally listen to people who are more right than I am… but don’t expect it to turn into a habit,” Tony said and shrugged.
‘Fine. Hawkeye, you win. The fraternization rules no longer apply.’
He raised his eyes but regretted it instantly. A stunning brunette with startlingly red lips was clinging to his boss’ strong arm. Her laughter tinkled across the room every time Tony said anything. And when she moved her perfectly coiffed head, expensive jewelry shook on her neck. She was a vision of Hollywood glamour clad in a shimmering white gown.
He laid on his bed — not the worst bed he had ever slept on, not by a long shot — and put his hand against the wall. Outside of the cold metal hull, the entire universe thrummed and breathed. Exploding supernovas, asteroids swirling around black holes laid beyond their small fragile husk, floating alone in the middle of space… Big, shiny spaceships bursting with cargo traveled between planets crowded with colorful people. There were vast solar systems brimming with unknown kingdoms and surreal animals in shapes they couldn’t imagine. Dead starlight traveled across the cosmos until it reached Earth and everything they had left behind. He had to grin, even if the excitement burning his chest interfered with his duty. He couldn’t calm down, not now. There would be time for plans and competence, but for now, excitement would be enough.
‘Is it enough? You look really hungry,’ Tony said instead of asking whether Steve always got that hungry after sex.
Bucky was startled enough that he went rigid for a second before hugging back.
“Rhodey’s not a geek, Rhodey’s just a dork and they’re off to an alien pub,” Tony said.
“Stark, you never told me you were working out of a dump.”
“I know that kind of ship,” another Skrull said. “It’s Kree.”
“Stop,” Steve said and grabbed Tony by the shoulder.
Rhodes’ back straightened. “I… You’re sure he…?”
“Good morning,” Natasha said, toast in hand. She and Clint were the only ones in the kitchen. He assumed Bruce had crashed like Tony had and he could hear Laura in her office, already working. Strange and Rhodes were probably still in their rooms.
“Oh, you’ve met them?”
"You need to understand…"
“Something like that," the man finally said.
“But you were still a dick,” Laura finished.
They jumped across rooftops until they got to the docks. It was nearly unrecognizable: the streets were dark and the door to the docks was no more. All that remained of it were twisted pieces of charred metal that the Skrull security guards were using as a barricade. A mountain of dead Kree laid before them. How many times had Steve seen the same scene?  His past and his future were the same newsreel, stuck in an eternal loop.
Steve privately agreed but knew better than to undermine Tony like that.
Steve smiled back, feeling just a teensy bit smug. “Come on, let’s catch up with the rest,” he said.
Steve rolled his eyes. He didn’t snap at Tony that much these days. Maybe only once or twice a day, because Tony forgot to close the door to their room or didn’t make his bed or covered Steve’s side of their desk with notes and books. What was Steve supposed to do? Let it slide? But he felt too warm and fuzzy to rise to the bait, so he let it go.
“It’s never enough. And maybe it’s not the right people.”
“There’s something else I didn’t tell you," the man said, not looking at him in the eye.
They went through the docks under the vigilant eyes of the guards. Steve still couldn’t trust them — how could you trust somebody who could copy your face and slot into your life seamlessly? But at least their ship was right where they had parked it. It was unique amongst the ships on the dock. It was theirs. It was
Tony cut the tension with a laugh. “So you’d rather argue about engines that don’t exist instead about the newly finished spaceship that’s going to explore the depths of space and bring back knowledge that will change life as we know it?”
Steve gave him a slow nod and did as he was told. If it only it were that easy all the time…
Laura snorted while she rummaged through their supplies. “Well, better than nothing. We couldn’t afford a honeymoon when we got married.”
The ship tilted back and left the ground behind. Only clouds and the blue sky laid before them, but they left that behind soon enough too. The windows were full of stars now. They were in
Well, there were popsicles. Cherry, lime, and raspberry, as always, because Steve got a kick out of the colors. At first, Clint didn’t suspect anything weird. He just grabbed one and went to play videogames with the Hulk, who had four shoved inside his mouth. Maybe that was the reason Thor was so into… no. He wasn’t going to imagine that. Nat was on the balcony, sitting on the rail, and talking to Thor. Tony had already finished his.
He took off his pants and underwear — the room
“So this is what happened. You left Earth. You didn’t stay.”
“Even I can see that,” Strange said.
“Especially since he’s so big and takes up so much of it.”
“Hey, you know all the stalls just off the entrance are more expensive, right? We can find it cheaper inside,” Rhodes said, but Strange ignored him.
It seemed as the other man had never thought about that. “Yes. That’s… I’ve made my peace with that. I like to think about the happiness I got in exchange was worth it.”
Laura and Bruce remained behind, talking in hushed tones. Were they trying to avoid the scuffle? It wasn’t a bad strategy for the two weakest fighters in the team.
“You can’t fuck up what’s already happened.”
Stark licked his lips. Steve downed the rest of the whiskey in one go.
“And what about you?”
Steve’s attention was intoxicating — and that wasn’t an adjective Tony used lightly. This… their gazes connected, his body opening up to Steve, Steve’s cock sliding in and out of him, Steve’s heart racing under his hand, the small quiet sounds coming from Steve’s throat, his chest tightening with need, the burn on his thighs, everything, wasn’t something Tony would be able to give up. And he knew his luck. He’d be forced to.
Both Thor and Nat turned to look at Hulk. Clint stood up from his seat. It was time to see what the fuss was all about.
“I’m not paranoid. We need a plan and…”
“The scienciest, Tony, the absolute scienciest.”
“We agreed it was going to be an early training,” he said with a grin.
Clint set down his controller and put his feet up on the coffee table, wiggling his toes. Tony’s eyebrow twitched, but he said nothing.
‘Oh, well, if you’re going to be like this, mon ami.’ Batroc sighed as if he was starring at the Paris Opera before continuing. ‘
Bruce held up his hands but Steve knew he wouldn’t be able to say no to Nat. None of them could, not when she got like that. How could they, when her smile was so bright and her smile so contagious?
‘Look, we’re happy for you, aren’t we, team?’
After calling for room service because Steve was always hungry in the mornings and that meant he got grumpy, he was out of distractions. Fine. He’d do work then. The laptop was sturdier than it looked like and still worked, so Tony began checking by his email and the news until there was a knock in the door.
‘Hm. Thanks? For catching me.’
Oh, that was the Captain America face. ‘This is not undue. Tony’s tired. He needs the rest.’
He pictured Fury keeping his eye on things like he had kept an eye on Steve. He imagined the other man, working in some big SHIELD office, reading reports and picking recruits and then going home to Peggy. “Well, there seems to be plenty of people already.”
“In theory, we’ll understand everything they say and they’ll understand us in return. Be respectful. Don’t touch anything. Don’t touch
Peggy looked back and exchanged glances with his other self. No words, but Steve knew there had been something said there, some secret he wasn't privy to.
Outside, the rain kept pouring down on the streets.
Steve lowered his eyes to the floor. ‘That… that sounds nice.’
It’d do.
“I can't keep this one away from you. It's about Bucky.”
‘Want a towel?’
‘… I’m going to need brain bleach,’ Clint said.
“… but we better get it over with?”
“Tell you what?”
“A dartboard?” Nat said in a pitch-perfect rendition of an unimpressed Russian aristocrat, with her straight back and her disdainful arched brows.
Steve knew he was blushing, but at least the rest of the crew was snickering. “Okay. Won’t do it again,” he said but he wasn’t sure if he was lying or not.
He needed some air. The door to the balcony — they were so high up, so above the streets — was close, so he walked out. The night was cloudy but the murmur from the street was comforting. It sounded nothing at all like these empty parties full of empty people.
But the corners of Pym’s mouth had turned upwards into a smile and his shoulders had relaxed. Weird man, Steve thought. Behind the arrogance and the cantankerous attitude, there was the edge of grim determination. Pym barely looked at Nat, Laura, Rhodes, and Clint. Did he even care about the mission or was this a way of paying back a favor to Howard? It wasn’t until he got to Bruce that his priorities became clear.
“Not a Skrull. Human. I could leave but, I couldn’t fail to notice that some of the storage areas lack gravity,” Tony said.
They were in the only communal space on the ship that wasn’t a workspace. They’d eat there — there was kitchen equipment against a wall and a table in the middle —, hang out — two comfortable sofas in dark colors, crates full of books and music albums and board games — and maybe even train. You could access everywhere in the ship through that space — two hallways lead to their rooms, a door to the cargo bay and another one to the cockpit. But there weren’t any windows, only a big domed skylight on top of the table.
“We could all die horribly or be lost forever in space,” Bruce replied.
He hated that. His life wasn’t his, it was somebody’s else. He was tied to the tracks, waiting for life to hit him, with no choices he could actually make left.
He barely slept that night and when he did, he dreamed of traveling in space with the Howling Commandos. Bucky was there, looking younger, just like Peggy did. In his dream, he walked across the ship to the cockpit. Outside the window, there were the stars but then he saw his reflection — that wasn’t his face. He didn’t have those small wrinkles or the gray temples. He woke up with a start and couldn’t go back to sleep.
‘He has a bed. Probably more than one.’
“We can talk about how insane it is we’re in space instead,” Clint said with a grin, entering the room. “Or about how hungry we are.”
‘Oh, you were… so…’. Words failed him so he just waved his hands. Whatever. He was sure Steve understood. ‘Wanna come inside me?’
He waited outside the training room until the recruits left — so far nobody had recognized him, but it wouldn’t be hard to put two and two together if they saw him next to the other man. The weirdness that was his life had to be kept a secret, no matter what. People couldn’t know time travel was possible. If humanity learned of a way to get all the second chances and do-overs you could want, it would lead to disaster.
“No, sir. Just a good diet and a lot of exercise,” Steve said, giving Strange his best Man With a Plan smile.
“Oh. That was it, then?” Steve said. He couldn’t help but be disappointed with how mundane the trick was.
“On people’s heads?” Steve asked before Bruce could unleash whatever torrent of expletives his expression promised.
“Danvers? Some rumors about her chasing down Kree freighters a few solar systems from here, but the information might be old. Rhodes is going to ask the bartender about it.”
He hadn’t bothered to look at the neat pile of things at the feet of his bed, but he knew what was there — everything he had been found with. His suit. His shield. His compass.
Tony put a hand on Steve’s chest and Steve wondered if he could feel how fast his heart was beating. “I… go back to your bed, okay?” Tony said and pushed him away. He cocooned himself into his blanket again and Steve walked, half-dazed, to his bed.
“Wow, you’re fast. Too fast.”
‘If I do this… you… will you tell me who you’re working for?’
“Oh, you’re one of the space crazies,” Strange said instead of hello, after Steve finally mustered the courage to knock on his door. It had taken him a while — he had never liked doctors that much.
“And he is…?”
“I did not want to have to do this, to mourn our first fallen comrade,” Tony said, with fake solemnity. “In such a risky journey, loss is but unavoidable. Across the stars, we will leave a trail of despair and our wailing would be heard across space, except space is a vacuum and therefore silent. Silent, like our friend is now. Please remember her, always, at her best. Uncomfortable, but dependable. Ugly, but solid.”
Pretending they hadn’t noticed the way everybody else stared at them, they walked down the dock. Tony kept making comments about the ships Steve didn’t understand, but he nodded nevertheless, his eyes fixed on Tony’s hands moving in the air. They didn’t stop until they hit a tall, rusty door. A guard yelled something and the door began opening with a lot of creaks and protests.
“Okay, not really buying it and there may be a test later on, but before that, I have somebody else I want you to meet.”
The rainy season was gone when the man showed up for the last time. He looked different. Older. Less fuzzy around the edges.
“Good. I was just about to make dinner.”
“I think there’s enough space in the ship for a morning jog,” he said.
“I’ll protect it with my life,” Tony replied when he took it.
“As much as he likes anybody.”
Tony turned around, and now Steve
His laughter chased Steve out of the room and into the bathroom. The light was still on so he closed his eyes and turned on the water. The water was scalding hot but it didn’t matter, he wanted to be clean fast. He grabbed the hotel soap and rubbed his face clean. It hurt, so he put his forehead against the mirror. The cold glass was comforting and his hands gripped the edge of the sink. Slowly, his stomach began to settle.
Focusing on Tony’s familiar voice, Steve forced his breath to slow down and his throat to relax.
“Do you want some coffee?”
Steve’s mind was invaded by the filthy image of Tony’s mouth sucking on a bulging tentacle while another one slid into his pants. He shook his head — he needed to start jerking off before his brain got even weirder.
Steve looked out one of the side windows and saw Earth below, round and colorful and fragile. He put his hand against the cold glass and tried to imagine the people down there. Would he remember their faces? Would he ever come back and walk on its surface? Would he forget how the sun felt or how the full moon brightened the sky?
he heard In a whisper and he knew that was his name.
Somehow, Steve felt the same… but… He raised his hand. “I have a suggestion.”
“Well, I think I can let that one go, but don’t make a habit of it. Coffee is for breakfast only.”
Steve put a hand on Tony’s waist and silently cursed himself when he realized his mistake. People didn’t dance like this anymore, but Tony didn’t seem to mind. He put his arms around Steve’s neck and began swaying with the music. Compared to the way everybody else was moving, he knew they weren’t being graceful, but he didn’t care. All he cared about was Tony’s small smile and the way nothing else mattered.
Steve coughed. “Silence. Like Tony said, we have important things to discuss.”
“You were a dick,” Nat said and passed him his dinner.
“I want a new role where I can grow through challenges that force me to think creatively.”
“Mr. Stevens, can I call you Grant?” She didn’t wait to hear his answer. “That’s bullshit. You’re not interviewing for a position in Accounting. You’re interviewing for a chance to explore new worlds and probably die trying.”
He moved Strange’s things to the ship himself, because Strange said something about his hands being precise instruments and Steve didn’t want to argue with him. Besides, he had to move his things to Tony’s room anyway. Because now they were sharing rooms, because that was the greatest idea ever and would not, at all, end in disaster. He gave himself two weeks before strangling Tony, but there was nothing else he could do. Worst case scenario, he could sleep in the cargo bay. He dragged his things across the hallway because even if he could’ve carried his suitcase and his crate in his arms, he didn’t want to show off his strength unless it was strictly necessary.
at Rhodes.
Steve narrowed his eyes. This was usually the point when people backed down from arguing with Captain America — even if… he wasn’t Captain America, not anymore — but Tony wasn’t cowed. He stared back. Defiantly. Nobody else was talking.
“What carnival?”
“Are you always going to be so reasonable, Nanny Stevens?” Tony said.
“Well… wow,” Laura said. “I’m… Clint and I are going to search for supplies so that Strange can test them.”
“Nope. Makes it fun, doesn’t it?” Nat said and disappeared into the darkness.
Tony said and Steve’s hands loosened. It was okay. Tony had been there every step of the way reassuring Steve, his voice a low-pitched caress.
“I don’t want to wait and...” He thought that if he lied, she’d know so he told the truth instead. “… nobody would miss me.”
He drew alien cities that came out looking like the New York he remembered and alien princesses with the dark eyes of Peggy Carter. His past kept invading the future, like a miasma, so it was good he had to leave the apartment and his memories behind to go meet the boss. The office was the same but this time, instead of Hill, there was a very young man behind the desk. He was sprawled on a big office chair that hadn’t been there the last time. Steve felt a bit of pity about the kid's sad attempt at facial hair.
“I want a private one, myself.”
“I’ll take the next guard shift, then.”
“Yes. I’m off to see the stars.”
He could take it with him. Hide it and look at it in the middle of the night, while everybody else was sleeping. It was a risk. It was a rope tied to his feet. He set it on the crate and turned his back on it.
They had eaten, after that, and avoided talking about it anymore. They talked about their life before the war, instead — the people they had known and the places that everybody else but them had forgotten. Bucky barely mentioned what had happened after 1944 and Steve wasn’t eager to ask about it. It wasn’t right to pretend Bucky’s life had been as blank as his time in the ice, but it was a comforting lie.
Steve said nothing as he stepped out to the balcony and climbed onto the railing.
‘No, we didn’t. Yesterday we talked about Summers being a poopyhead.’
‘There will be no kissing between active Avengers.’
No. Tony. He had to… He stood up and opened his eyes. There was no fire and the water was calm, but there was only a wall of rubble where Tony and the Kree had been.
“Absolutely not,” Pym said.
Steve was never one to stay where he was unwanted, so he turned his back on them and went toward his room.
“That’s not… I know what to do with my free time. But I joined to be challenged. To face new things. And so far, the worst that has happened was that time you slipped on the shower, doing who knows what, and bruised your butt.”
Something shifted in the atmosphere as Batroc let his legs fall open. The outline of his cock made the fact that he wasn’t wearing any underwear clear.
Steve grabbed him by the arm and tugged him along.
Everybody in the room was silent for a second, thinking about whether they’d ever come back maybe or about who they were leaving behind until Clint snorted.
“It’s fine, Grant. You were right. And also an asshole.”
“I did.”
Steve put a hand on Rhodes’ shoulder. “Yes. You know him. He’s too much of a dick to give up this easily.”
The fond looks he was giving them made it look like they were more friends than employees, but maybe that was how rich people worked. Maybe they thought money not only bought your loyalty, but also your love.
That was more like it — Steve couldn’t wait to see the ship. He hadn’t been inside it yet because Tony had been really secretive about the interior and the finishing touches. Steve hoped it was… maybe not luxurious, at least not to Tony’s standards, but comfortable. More of a home than a ship. But when he saw the ship again, inside the hangar, Steve knew that even if it looked like a submarine inside, he would still love it. A spaceship, a real spaceship that would go to space. A real bit of the future instead of a sham.
‘Then let’s ditch it.’
He heaved with the pain and his hips bucked. He needed to come, soon. Why didn’t Tony let him come?
place.
Tony smiled. “I knew you were my kind of people.”
She eyed him from head to toe. Steve didn’t know where to hide. “Trust me, you do. Now, let me show you to your room.”
Little did he know he wouldn’t find the answer for some time.
‘Undo my shirt.’
“Smarter than his dad, at least Howard seems to think so. You seem to think so too — you’ve always said he was going to change the world.”
Tony had forgotten how numbers and time worked, so he didn’t count. Steve had been quick enough Tony hadn’t grown impatient and now he was gloriously naked. The only thing between them was Tony’s shirt and Tony would fix that.
“Tomorrow. There will be games and music and food! I can be your guide but you’ll have to pay me with one of your drawings.”
“That sounds like fun,” Laura said. “Way more fun than silly carnival games.”
they hadn’t even noticed. ‘Go after him, dumbass.’
“You know we’ve run out of it already,” the Skrull replied. “Go on, we’ll handle this.”
‘We always talk about that.’
“Trust me.”
“Your engines aren’t giving enough power. You’re diverting most of it to life support, but soon enough you’re going to give up some parts of the station. You let the gravity go in areas where the population is unlikely to notice. There’s a foul odor because the filtering systems are now only filtering toxic material and you don’t care about air quality anymore. Not when you have an overpopulation of… around 1,000 people or so?”
“Aw, don’t be jealous, Roly-Poly Rhodey. I still love you the most,” Tony said, turning around to face his friend.
Tony looked at him, in slight surprise. “You memorized the exact route?”
Steve’s eyes widened — there was a holographic star chart hovering above the table now, shimmering with a light blue glow. Planets he had never heard of and stars nobody knew about floated in the middle of the room. Why did nobody else have something like that? Tony Stark was a young, reckless kid, but he was also the only person trying to make the future look like the wonderland people had imagined back in Steve’s time. Despite everything, Steve wanted to know what else Tony could come up with.
Especially when he didn't trust himself.
If he followed Tony’s instructions, everything would be alright. Every nerve on his skin flared up as the fabric slid up his chest. He took a deep breath and waited for Tony’s voice to come back.
Nat dropped her chopsticks. Thor dropped his hammer. Hulk dropped his jaw. Clint didn’t drop anything because he wasn’t surprised.
Steve finally put on his shirt and decided against taking off his pants. That'd be too much awkward. “My size is an asset. For security.”
The next morning was also a morning like any other morning. The sun yawned and stretched over Marville’s tidy rows of houses. People rose and blasted off their alarm clocks and curled under their blankets.
— before sitting down at the desk to jot down equations on a notebook full of coffee stains and scribbles. He didn’t want to bother Tony and the atmosphere of their room was thick with unsaid things, so Steve left it as soon as possible. The rec room was empty and, to the disappointment of his rumbling stomach, there was no sign of dinner. He had started to poke at their food, when Natasha and Laura came down the hallway.
“Then what about a little training?”
"Come on, move!" Nat yelled.
With the crew on the way to safety, protecting civilians was the priority. Shield or no shield, that was still Captain America’s job. He looked over his shoulder and counted his enemies: one Kree squadron advancing in unison, guns at the ready. Their colorful uniforms were new and strange, but their arrogant scowls weren’t.
Steve laughed, but deep down he worried they were actually that stupid. Maybe it would be better if they turned back and went home. This new universe was… were they prepared for it? For the battles and the problems and everything they couldn’t understand?
It will not be defeated. It tries one more time. With effort. This is new too. Effort.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” a man said and then chuckled as he had said something funny.
Nat, always fearless, was the first one to cross the threshold. She grabbed Bruce by the arm of his oversized sweater and stepped into the crowd. It swallowed them and Steve lost sight of them soon. Strange, instead of moving forward, bent over a small succulent plant on sale at one of the stalls.
‘I came home that night. Well, I… I decided to come home,’ Steve said and turned around in Tony’s arms. ‘To come home to you.’
“What? Alive? How… I saw him fall. We didn't… there was nothing… How can he be alive?"
‘Thought you’d be thirsty,’ he said with mirth dancing in his impossibly blue eyes.
“Not really. I’m observing you. You have… good form.”
“We’re not leaving him behind. He’s alive. We’re going to get him back.”
“We’re leaving in five days, aren’t we?”
Time to stop moping. First, check with room service. Then, shower, so Steve wouldn’t realize what had happened. After a quick call to reception — yes, it’d be done in fifteen minutes, but did he really want all that food? —, he slammed the laptop closed and set it down on the bed.
But he wanted to confirm his gut feeling. Maybe they’d prove him wrong. The first test was watching their reactions when they came out and saw who was helping them with the exercise. Sitting on a folding chair and sipping on some coffee that was likely better than Steve’s, Fury looked like the image of relaxation itself. His calm contrasted with the confused bunch of fresh SHIELD recruits wearing green alien masks that huddled behind his chair.
“Wow, so you do plan on being friends?”
‘And happy anniversary too,’ Tony replied and then leaned into Steve’s kiss, but it was a brief one.
Steve ignored Strange’s remark and went on. “We can only spend around 100 credits each, tops.”
“What? The launch isn’t until…” Steve said. “Can you stop that? I’m not finished with my coffee.”
“I’m used to pain.”
‘I’ll always catch you,’ Steve said and this time he did blush. So he let go of Tony and took a step back. ‘Well, not always. This was because I remembered it. From yesterday.’
“How? Did I time travel?”
‘You really need to scowl less,’ Tony said.
“So, we’ve picked rooms, we’ve loaded the ship, only a few last touches and we’re off,” Tony said in the middle of the rec room.
When the man spoke, the blinds opened and he saw the New York skyline, peppered with unfamiliar, taller, gravity-defying buildings he had never seen standing right next to achingly familiar sights.
“Workspace and I’d call it cozy, myself.”
The other man shook his head.
Right. Tony could walk on his own. He put him down. "Ah. We… I…"
“You were asleep in the ice. For fifty years.”
As they ran through the sewers, at first all he could hear was Tony’s labored breathing and the sound of their feet hitting the water. Every time it splashed around them, the acrid stench bored deeper into Steve’s nostrils. It made his stomach turn, but they had no other choice.
Steve’s blush said it all and Tony was already planning everything in his mind. Every restraint, every fucking machine, every whip, and every way in which he’d make Steve beg for more. But it wasn’t the time nor the place.
“I wouldn’t let you. You’re terrible at it. I had to pack all your things, remember?”
Thank God Steve couldn’t see his face. They made a funny pair: Tony wearing one of his suits, complete with shoes, but with the hair still wet and mussed from the shower; Steve, melted on the chair, face covered and cock… cock hard.
Tony’s things were all over the room already and Tony himself kept fluttering around and re-organizing them. Steve put the crates with his things under the bed. He’d organize them later on, once they were in space. In space. He was going to be in space and no matter how much he repeated it, he couldn’t believe it yet.
After kicking his soiled clothes under the bed and grabbing a change of clothes, he walked to the bathroom. The room was nothing to write home about — two double beds, tasteful beige decor, good soft sheets — but the bathroom was worth the price tag. A soaking tub he wouldn’t get to enjoy, double sinks, and a vast walk-in shower. He lost himself to the pleasure of water at the perfect temperature undoing the knots on his back.
On the one hand, the movie was effective: Clint had been shivering ever since the young single mother had entered her childhood’s home. Odd noises, creaky floors, shadows just out of the corner of her eye. But on the other hand, he couldn’t stop thinking that the evil killer fog was probably a metaphor for depression, capitalism, or both. A door slammed and he jumped on his seat.
“You think?” Clint replied.
“I know,” Steve said. “I’ll apologize.”
“We could stay.”
Laughter bubbled out of Tony’s chest and then he took out his cock from inside his pants. ‘You tell me.’
Which is what they did, that morning and every other morning after.
“He’s saying goodbye to his wife, that’s all,” Pepper said. “And that’s
‘I’m… I’m just glad you stayed.’
Still, he looked up at Batroc.
She bit the inside of her cheek but didn’t press her father. From the looks of it, Hank Pym was stubborn enough nobody argued too much with him.
Tony’s voice made him flinch. Right. Sub-vocal mics, which meant that Batroc couldn’t hear what Tony said. They were a weird gizmo, but the nanohornet following him was even weirder. But it meant that Tony knew exactly what was going in the room, so Steve had to appreciate the genius of it.
“Ready for our date, darling?” Clint said with a smile.
Sometimes, he wondered if Nat even liked him.
“Now, scram. You’re not supposed to be here, Skrull.”
‘I can’t wait for your cock,’ he said and bucked his hips against his own fingers. He whimpered — it didn’t feel that good, but he wanted to see how Steve would react. Would he break something? Take matters on his own hands?
Steve coughed and then he stood up. “Yeah. I see you’re all familiar with the workings of the security system. We need at least four people to leave the station, so try not to die. Go get ready.”
“But I’m hungry now…”
“I just want to know…”
The boulder suddenly creaked and then there was a gaping hole in the middle of it. A hole that showed a dark green tongue and very sharp teeth. Steve reached for his shield but… of course it wasn’t there.
“Do you… like it here?” Tony said.
Did Tony expect to die out there or was it normal partying? Would that cause problems, once they were out there? He bit back his questions because it wasn’t his place to ask them. He had to trust Tony was up for the task of leading them — or he would have to step up himself.
Steve sat down on Tony’s bed and waited to be shoved off it, but Tony didn’t move. He didn’t talk either. A still Tony Stark was unnatural. “I can… I’m just sorry.”
A whine escaped his mouth as he rubbed his crotch against Batroc’s steely shin.
Rhodes laughed, but it sounded more like a sob. “Yeah. That sounds like Tony alright.”
Thor tilted his head. ‘So did I!’
‘… you mean it, don’t you? You’d leave me here forever.’
“I wish I could go with you,” Fury said.
He closed his eyes when the faint, ticklish sensation made him moan. How did Tony know how much he liked the coarse feeling of calloused fingers on his nipples?
The other man stood up. “Look, you can make your own choices. It’ll all end up well. Don’t… don’t stay here. There’s a whole world waiting for you outside your apartment.”
“You haven’t told me your name either.”
“See you tomorrow then,” he said but the kid had already wandered off. It was pestering the creature, laughing and poking at it.
He opened one eye — just to check if Steve was okay — and saw a man sinking into Steve’s cock and throwing his head back with a pleased laugh. Another one sat on Steve’s face and Steve… he could only imagine his tongue pushing against that asshole, with the same zeal he brought to everything he did. The wet spot on the front of his pants kept growing, but he ignored it. He had promised Steve he’d take care of him and he would do so.
“Laura, Bruce, you’re together,” Steve said.
“Oh, now you’ve made him pout, Tony,” Nat said.
Fury was smart enough not to comment on that. Steve was grateful — he didn’t want his self-loathing to be intruded upon. It was something that belonged to him — a bitter anchor that reminded him he wasn't the other man, not yet.
Which was perfectly fine, but then he began leaning his head on Steve’s shoulder. Okay. That was… well, it could be a friendly gesture.
He stayed still.
"Exactly. In my hand. The Peggy you marry… she's the Peggy in my past. I know it's confusing, I don't quite understand it myself, but…"
“Fine. Tony won’t tell you this, but they’re not that energy efficient — they burn a lot of fuel. We’ve tried to find something more… powerful but there doesn’t seem to be anything like that on Earth.”
“Well, why aren’t you lot ready? You look like a bunch of Sunset Strip junkies, get on with it!”
he whispered.
that desperate.’
“How did she find it so quickly?”
Without a word, Steve stood up in one fluent elegant movement, crossed his arms, and stared down at Batroc.
It wasn’t until his lips were sore that they stopped. Stark was smirking and Steve was dazed.
. Because of course, Steve was bright and chipper like some mutant puppy eager to go out and play Frisbee. He was such a morning person that he could even tolerate Clint’s unending criticism for
‘That desperate? I never imagined you could look like this.’
“Well, watch me then!”
Because the Avengers were the very best gang in Marville (and because Steve was very, very responsible), they already had time loop protocols in place. Strange wasn’t able to help and neither was Tony’s science, so Steve moved to more moral solutions. First, he went around town helping old ladies cross the street and rescuing cats from trees, but because he already did that every day, it did not solve his problem. Then he thought hard about any past mistakes until he remembered that one book he had forgotten to return to the school library. The librarian wasn’t very impressed by his moral fortitude and nothing happened, so Steve then… well, it was time for the nuclear option.
“I promise you — I built that ship to boldly go where no man has gone before and then come back.”
He read each of the announcements posted to the advertising board in the café. Most of it was… normal — people asking for roommates, guitar classes, language classes, scams. But a flyer with a crude drawing of a rocket and block letters saying
Clint dropped his fork on his empty plate. “Right. Do you want us to say you were right all along? Fine. You were right all along. We’re just a bunch of kids and you know better.”
“Sorry, I didn’t let you get in one word edgewise.”
“Oh, no. I’m not…”
A week until take-off. He was going to spend it in the facility alongside everybody else. Would it be enough time to get to know the crew? Probably not. Even if he knew it was useless, he couldn’t stop thinking about it. How could he, when the ride upstate was quiet and peaceful? There was no chaos outside that could distract him from the chaos inside his brain. Would he make it back alive? Or would he be sent back in time without getting a chance to say good-bye again? Would he know what he had to do in the past? Or was it just a matter of following his gut? Why couldn’t he know? Because he’d change the past? He tried to sleep, but it was to no avail. The whirlpool of his mind wouldn’t stop.
‘I… I think they are,’ Thor said, as astonished as the rest of them. ‘Do you mean to tell me that on Earth, it is not allowed for warriors to enjoy each other’s bodies to the fullest?’
He wondered what the guards thought of this before he realized no guards were around. He needed to stop underestimating Peggy — she wouldn’t let the guards suspect anything. Her office wasn’t far and he wasn’t surprised by the way it looked — as big as Howard’s, but with less luxury and less cutting edge modern design. She sat down on her chair and this time, Steve sat down too.
Tony leaned down and took the popsicle into his mouth. Steve pushed it in and then slid it out. Clint wanted to cover his eyes, but his hands were full. Steve kept sliding it in and out, in and out…
There was only one thing that could mean — Peggy.
“I asked
“I bet you can,” Fury replied, with his
‘Shh, calm down, you don’t have to do anything — just let go.’
Tony hadn’t been bad, but Nat was a class of her own. She was quick, she was mean, she had no honor. He had to chase her to the rec room, avoiding her kicks and trying to land a punch. When she looked distracted, he lunged and rolled her over his shoulder. She landed on a chair, breaking its leg.
“The entire ship is… cozy,” Clint said.
“It’s been two days, how can I trust that?”
“That won’t happen. I remember how to get there. Just… please. Trust me.”
It would be too fraught. Too tangled up with his history and with the history of the other man, full of gaps and secrets Steve hadn’t learned yet. And he wasn’t even sure SHIELD was doing what it should be doing, if they were protecting the world like it needed to be protected. He heard Howard stand up.
“I read it in a magazine. Where are the geeks?”
“That hurts!”
‘Wow, Steve, you’re the best. This tastes like my grandmother’s home cooking.’
Tony Stark smiles. That is not the type of statement usually accompanied by a smile.
“Ah. Yes. She really likes that sofa. Ouch. That hurt.”
Tony turned his attention back to the bottle and as he twisted the cap open, the strangeness of the situation hit him again. Steve was sitting there with a raging boner, Tony wasn’t that far behind and he was grabbing lube and everything was normal, really. Just two superheroes doing their job.
“Howard didn’t say anything about this.”
“Forgot the magic words.”
“Sit on the bed.” It creaked under Steve’s weight, but it held. “And yes, of course. She was less dumb than you.”
That startled a laugh out of Steve so he almost choked on Batroc’s cock.
“This is how it is,” it simply says instead and turns around. That is the truth: the army will win and the Avengers will be dead. No sense in trying to deceive them.
"I can't stop you, can I?" said the other man.
“Aw, damn. I wanted to be part of the landing party.”
“How much more of what we needed did you add, Barton?”
Tony raised his eyebrows. “Most of us have some med training and the equipment is… It’ll be enough.”
He followed the sound of her voice and saw her waving at them from inside the sewers. Oh, she was good. Better than he had expected — and his expectations had been high. He jumped in with no hesitation, but Tony didn’t follow.
“Because I’m going to be your boss.”
“Done?” Tony said when he let Steve out half an hour later.
‘Investors are already persuaded and ready to invest. I’m a very charming man.’
“Okay. Hey, Stevens, I think we ought to spar.”
“They’re brilliant and literally out of this world…”
Before a fight over the salt could break out, Steve held his palm up. “Come on, let’s be nice to each other.”
“I don’t trust that look in your face,” Natasha said.
‘You… you gonna tie me up?’
“But we could use him to check for landmines,” Natasha said, suddenly sitting on a kitchen counter. When had she gotten to the kitchen?
Tony raised his eyebrows high enough they were visible above the sunglasses. “Oh, you’re friends already.”
He almost dragged Steve through the hallway until they reached the hangar. There were holes in the ceiling, dust on the floor and rust all over the walls but in the middle of it, shining chromium, laid a sleek wondrous ship with the clean lines of a hawk midflight and the metal polish of the future. There was the cockpit in the front, like the sharp beak of a raptor bird. Then there were two ‘wings’ before the ship tapered off. Was that the cargo bay, then? He couldn’t wait to explore it — there had been no ship schematics in his information packet.
Her dark eyes were the same he had seen just hours ago. But he couldn’t avoid seeing that she was older now. She had stray gray hairs and happy wrinkles all around her face. At least some things hadn’t changed — she still had that air of distinction and command Steve had fallen in love with. The other man was behind her, but he stayed back, near the door, while she entered the room.
The world had changed too much and he had changed too little, but at least it meant that when he bought coffee, the ‘barista’ treated him like a normal person. With strangers, he felt as if he was made of flesh and bone instead of promises and memories. He didn’t want to be… near his past, constantly reminded of what he had missed, but as long as they were there, he’d be tempted.
“Are you hungry, Steve?”
‘Oh, that’ll cost you a date.’
“It is. You’ll go back and live the life you were always meant to live. You just have to wait for a bit.”
“And Strange just showed up for no reason?”
Steve smirked. “Yep. Time to make everybody break a sweat.”
Something was hidden in the stranger's face — nostalgia, maybe, but it looked more like envy.
‘… what does
“Sorry, Laura, not all of us brought human sex toys along.”
Steve flinched. Did she know? But then he realized her eyes were on Tony’s favorite mug on the counter. The other man cast a long shadow over all of them, a shadow so large it could darken the stars outside and their dreams inside.
"And you’re not? Why did you stay then?”
Steve’s fingers let go of the sink. Right. He had to finish this. With one last glance at the mirror — face still reddish, but presentable —, he left the bathroom and strode back into the room. Batroc was standing up close to the window, wearing a gaudy gold-and-red robe. Not really his colors, but Steve had always liked the combination.
"I don't know why you're so convinced I'd enjoy it."
Pepper was in front of the hangar, clutching a clipboard against her chest. Her hair was billowing in the air, looking gorgeous against the bright midday sun.
“Why you?”
“Yeah, we’re… this is all new to us. ”
He looked at the resume on his hands and tried to memorize the facts again. Grant Stevens. Born 1967 in Brooklyn, New York. Two years in college, majoring in Visual Arts. Had left for military service and then a long stint in SHIELD’s STRIKE team until tragedy struck. Almost like the real thing, give or take a few dates and a few details. There was also two glowing letters of recommendation. One from SHIELD’s director herself and another one from Howard Stark, praising him for his bravery, commitment and resourcefulness. He hadn’t told them what it was for, at least not yet. No sense in upsetting them because maybe he wouldn't get the job.
“You better keep up, Romanoff.”
"Scared, Stevens?"
He had missed that, in fact. Action. Adrenaline. Knowing that what he did mattered. And yes, punching things that moved and fought back. The punching bags got boring after a while, just like his life on Earth had grown drab and empty too. At least space was going to be different, even exciting. A brand new life in brand new worlds with brand new people. A brand new Steve, leaving the old Steve behind to turn to dust.
“Nobody. Bunch of idiots just passing through.”
Turning left into a tight alley, they began walking towards the market. Steve fell back a little — he didn’t feel like talking. He looked at his crew walking through the tight alleys: Bruce and Tony had fallen back into their argument about the best Star Trek captain; Nat was pestering Strange about his facial hair (
‘I only came here to drink,’ Stone said.
Tony was there on the sidewalk, waiting for him with a big smirk. Tony was always smirking, but Steve did not mind because it was a very nice smile. Not that he would ever tell Tony that, of course. That would have been embarrassing. Like any other day, they walked to school together, talking about the plans they had for their clubhouse. Tony wanted a new hot tub, Steve thought they’d needed another training room.
Tony shook his head. “It’s too high up. I can’t jump down. You go ahead, I’ll take the alleys.”
Bucky had gone to his small cramped kitchen and started rummaging through his cupboards when Steve had finally said it. “I’m gonna go to space. For a while.”
“That was my… that was my coffee and that was rude,” she said, but she didn’t try to get her coffee back.
Considering the distance, that had been an impressive throw, then. Strong and perfectly aimed. He didn’t know much about his background, but in the days they’ve spent together, he had learned two things — he loved Laura and Laura was about to leave for six months. Steve looked at Tony. “Security could use more people.”
‘No!’ everybody else said at the same time.
“Oh, wow, that’s good.” Clint looked around. “Draw Stark’s driver now.”
School was the same as it was every day: he paid attention in class (it was his duty as a student), he fought with Summers during recess, and then he went back home like he did every day.
, thrust into him, with an ease only made possible by Tony’s fingers and careful preparations. Another man — ruggedly handsome, this time, with broad shoulders and dark curly hair going from his dick to his chest — fisted Steve’s hair and pushed his half-hard dick into Steve’s mouth.
“Sorry.”
“Thank you,” he said.
“Well, I’m happy you’ve decided to join us, Mr. Stevens,” Tony said, taking off his sunglasses.
“I’ll be with Tony, yes.”
The anemones had stopped playing and everybody’s eyes, antennas, and other assorted sensory organs were on Nat. For a second, Steve thought they had gotten lucky, but then a pink alien roared and dashed towards Nat. It never reached its destination: roaring even louder, Bruce hit it with the chair Strange had been sitting on. The pink alien splattered against the wall and then it begun reforming. Strange was still on the floor, blinking. He frowned, blinked once again, and then he leaped on top of an uninvolved fuzzy alien who was minding his own business.
After lunch, the Bartons settled in one of the rooms. Steve gave them space — he wouldn’t want to be in Laura’s place, leaving a husband behind. They couldn’t have been married for long, considering how young they looked. Why was she leaving, then? Was the money that good? He suspected it was a good salary, but he hadn’t gotten used to how money worked in the future yet.
“She reminds me of my drill sergeant,” Steve said.
That was it: everybody on the bar ran towards Nat, Bruce and Strange as the now red anemones began playing a shrill, fast melody.
“Jury’s still out on that one.” Howard sighed. “Take care of him, will you? He’s a reckless idiot, but he’s a good kid.”
“And he won’t be on the ship! I said that was final!”
A few hours later, the ship stood still in space. They were in a lull between jumps, waiting for the engines to cool down — the course the Skrull had given them was complicated,  full of evasive maneuvers and zigzags across the galaxy. A waste of fuel and time, but It had worked, so far: no Kree ships had followed them. They had only seen glimpses of the Skrull refugee fleet, so they were alone in the middle of space, surrounded by uncaring stars.
Clint coughed. ‘So, nobody’s going to mention the blatant breaking of rule seven?’
‘No, I’m raging against you. This is a very silly story, you know?’
,” Clint said in a pitch-perfect imitation of Tony’s smug science voice.
He didn’t look back before jumping down to the streets. Rain fell on him, washing away the last of his shame. Even if the storm raged on across the city, Tony was waiting for him.
‘Just… nothing. Nothing important.’
But soon, Steve’s big dick splitting him apart drew every thought out of his mind and became a spasm of pleasure that shook Tony’s entire body. He gave in to the shivering sensation and then he was coming all over Steve’s broad chest. Maybe he had screamed. He wasn’t sure. Cuddle time now and… wait… Steve hadn’t come. His cock was still hard as a rock inside of Tony.
“Are you here to mock me?”
‘So… you hate this party.’
“Yeah, it is… Okay, Logistics, do we have enough food?”
“Is this…”
They all looked at Tony, except for Bruce. He was busy taking the last slice while nobody looked.
“Right! Aliens! In 1992, we got incontrovertible proof that intelligent alien life exists.”
He turned away from the window, turned his back on that bright neon New York and tried to sleep, tried to dream of a lost time.
‘Ah, très bien, I did give my word. ‘ Batroc laid back on the bed and put his hands behind his head. ‘C’est AIM. Bah, MODOK.’
He curled on himself and fixed his eyes on the paintings on the wall: a boat bobbing in the sea, a flower arrangement, something that looked like an old Japanese woodcut print. He counted his breaths and tried to will himself to sleep, but then Steve’s arms surrounded him and he didn’t know what to do, so he did nothing. He laid there, closed his eyes, and let sleep take him.
“And?”
“I can’t believe it either,” Steve said with a smile. He sat next to Tony and waited for Tony to kick him out. But Tony didn’t — he kept staring out the window, his eyes focused somewhere far away.
“We do,” Rhodes said, straightening his back. “You’re not the only one who’s been military here, Grant.”
, a Board meeting he wasn’t going to pay attention to, his weekly mani-pedi. Then he’d go through his half-finished projects: the new improved pants for the Hulk, a rollerskates addition to his armor everybody said was dumb but Tony swore had potential, and of course, fixing Steve’s ice cream maker before pouting reached critical levels. He’d assess possible threats, and then he’d check for any upcoming superhero birthdays — Carol’s, he’d have to build her something and send her a card from him and Steve.
Steve ignored him. This wasn’t the first time Tony had been needlessly sarcastic early in the morning. “But we’ll make do with the backyard. I’ll arrange us in teams of two for this exercise.”
and Nat kissing him on the cheek and Thor pushing a tankard of Asgardian mead to his chest and
“So it’s a suicide mission,” Natasha said.
“I’ve got a good memory.”
“I sure hope so.”
“Okay, whatever! If you don’t catch me, Stevens, I’ll fire you!”
“Do you really have to ask?”
“I should’ve been better. I forgot everywhere can be dangerous. Peace doesn’t… I thought I had left all of that behind.”
“It’s not a date. Any information about…?”
“Strange can test them before we take them,” Nat replied. “He was pretty into the idea.”
“And a boring one that I don't feel like telling, so…” Tony pushed a file into his hands. “Read this. In here. You can’t take it out because blah blah, matter of national security, blah blah, secrecy, blah blah. I’ll be waiting outside, I need some air.”
An arm slid around his waist.
“I might have calculated some extra. And then some extra to that extra.”
This was too much. He was drooling and his shirt scraped against his nipples and his cock strained against his pants and he didn’t know what else to do.
“That’s not a surprise, nobody likes to talk about me there. I’m Steve Rogers’ greatest failure.”
startled them into breaking formation. They scrambled away from him, and Steve pressed his advantage because that was all he had. Muscular memory took over then: this was nothing he hadn’t done a hundred times before.
Strange waved him inside his office. “Right. The tests.”
Fire.
“We don’t have star charts?”
“Hey… Stevens… Grant. Listen to me.”
There was a world of meaning hidden below the surface of Fury’s words. Was SHIELD doing its job? He thought of Peggy. Howard or the other man could have lost their way, but she never would. She’d always be the right person for that particular job.
Steve didn't move an inch. “Explain. Now. Where I am?”
It wasn’t because it was fun. Not at all. Steve just ran after Tony because he was worried about his crew. That was it.
“You know, this is going to be awkward but…” he said, grabbing his pajamas and changing into them.
‘We’re friends. Of course, you like me.’
“Our goal here is to find out where Carol Danvers is. Exploration is fine. Adventure is great. But every scrap of intel we have tells us the Kree are bad news. This is our chance to make some contacts and to gather information so we can avoid combat zones. It’s not just a fun afternoon at the fair.”
‘Too bad. Not today.’ He instead looped the tie around Steve’s neck and tightened it. The blue of his tie brought up the blue in Steve’s eyes. Yes. Steve needed to wear his clothes more often. ‘It looks good on you. Now, soldier, on your back.’
“Grant! Stop! The two of us against a Kree squadron? That’s suicide.”
When his hand went to his back, it found nothing. The shield wasn’t there — it was at the bottom of his things, hidden and useless. Leaving it on the ship had been a mistake. Forgetting there was a war going on had been an even bigger one.
“Why would we?” Natasha replied. “No map, no plan, no money. Sounds like fun.”
Cap was looking teary-eyed. Good. He had to keep laying it on thick.
Its sensors are distracted — distraction being, also, a new thing — so it does not hear the shield until it connects with the back of the armor helmet. Then there is another new experience: surprise.
He sipped his coffee and stared at his boyfriend — ‘boyfriend’, he repeated in his mind, enjoying the thrill of possessiveness the word provoked. It wasn’t new, but Tony was still delighted every day by the continued existence of their relationship. Who wouldn’t delight in waking every morning only to discover they were still dating Steve Rogers, the most gorgeous, adorable, maddening, stubborn man in the world?
“But it will be painful.”
“You and I both know that if nobody fixes this, there won’t be that many people left here.” The creature trembled again but remained silent. “I’ll take ten percent of your credits and supplies for six months, for eight people.”
“Radiation. Heat. Exhaust. It all comes from the same place. I studied it before we landed.”
“Oh, come on, Strange! Let’s go dancing!” he heard Nat say. He turned around and saw her pulling Strange’s arm.
“Yes, you’re boldly coming where no man has come before,” Bruce replied.
But nobody was listening. Bruce and Clint were still arguing, Nat and Laura were having an entire silent conversation across the table, Pepper kept interrupting Clint with increasingly desperate reminders of how he wasn’t part of the crew…
