Gabriel arrived before he could throw off the blankets, with Faith a few steps behind.
“This was the ‘errand’ Chuck sent you on?” Castiel guessed.
Gabriel conjured a reclining chair and stretched out parallel to his brother. He could almost hear the levers in Dean’s head clanking away. The human had slipped his hand under Castiel’s palm, because holding hands while the Angel was unconscious was somehow better than admitting the attraction between them.
Sam’s eyes snapped open. He focused on the Archangel hovering over him with a worried expression.
The fury in Dean’s eyes were encouraging to Gabriel; the Hunter cared about the fallen Angel more than he would ever admit.
“It was a logical conclusion,” Castiel complained, “Lucifer made his hatred of humans known; Michael was supposed to look after humanity.”
Castiel was not confident enough to label what he felt for Dean. He shared the mess of emotions with Faith to get her opinion instead.
“Hello; I’m Gabriel,” the Archangel replied sarcastically.
“Good!” Gabriel said happily, “Let’s get this vessel-swap underway.”
“Don’t give in to the impulse to hit him,” Gabriel advised with a smirk, “The twisted bugger might enjoy it.”
“As you can see his wings already, your eyes probably won’t explode during the transfer,” Gabriel said seriously.
“Then, let’s get Gabriel in here to supervise,” Dean said decisively, “Where are the keys to those handcuffs?”
“Not really,” Lucifer muttered.
“Then you’re dumber than the human you’re in love with!” Gabriel declared. The flash of blue glowing in his eyes made both humans flinch.
“I hope I don’t regret this,” Meg sighed. She winked at Castiel before rising to her feet and heading to the dungeon with Sam.
Jack regarded the two of them with confusion, “You don’t actually care about me getting wrinkles, so why bother talking about it?”
“Father has never been ‘fair’; humans invented that idea. The real difference between you and me is that when your father disappeared, your brother sought your help,” Lucifer explained, “Mine left me to rot.”
“You have to call a truce with Castiel,” Gabriel instructed, “Even if she doesn’t want to form a Flock, she is under my protection, too.”
“You’re right about my parenting skills,” Chuck agreed, “And I’m not doing anyone ‘a favour’; I’m taking responsibility for my mistakes.”
“Nothing much; Castiel can’t even get a hug because Dean thinks it would be a betrayal of you.”
Lucifer asked Gabriel for some clean clothing after an enjoyable shower. After emerging from the bathroom in nothing but a towel the previous week, Dean had extracted a promise that the depowered Archangel would at least ask for clothing before wandering down the hallway. This had led to a complaint about ‘sharing clothes with freaking Satan’, so Gabriel offered to help. Lucifer missed digging through the Hunter’s clothing and dissing all the flannel.
“You’re not helping,” Dean grumbled.
“One-thousand, seven-hundred and sixty-four,” Gabriel recited form memory, “Not including Jane. Three Archangels, including the prison buddies, one Seraphim – you, thirty-two higher tier leading the Garrisons, sixty-four Cherubs, one-hundred and twenty-eight Rit-Zien, no Grigori since I took care of the last one, two-hundred and fifty-six Reapers and two-hundred, five-hundred and twelve regular Angels and over seven-hundred lower-tier Angels working for Joshua in nature or whatever.”
An aspect of Lucifer’s denial of the abuse in the Cage occurred to Sam.
Jane used her powers to pull the seat closest to Castiel out from under the table, “Have a seat, Castiel. I have a few questions, if you don’t mind answering.”
“I’ll always care, you idiot,” Gabriel replied, with a tremor in his voice.
“Listen here, Morons,” Gabriel hissed, “If this new timeline doesn’t work out the way God wants, he will go back in time to the moment before Sam jumped into the Cage. He will stop the rings from opening the door and let Michael and Lucifer destroy half the planet while they fight. Keep that in mind before you try to argue with me!”
“I expect so.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Benny touched his cap in farewell and disappeared behind the fence which had already been built.
“You alright, Cas?” Dean asked tentatively. He noted that Cas was not wearing his trench coat or his jacket. The top buttons of his white shirt were also unbuttoned but his gaze was drawn upward.
“I’m not as impressed,” Crowley decided, “Those handcuffs tell me I could teleport away before you could do any damage.”
“Castiel is fond of her; I find it amusing watching her make the Winchesters uncomfortable.”
“Not at all,” Gabriel replied easily, “He is pining for Dean, as always, but I had to give him some more memories from the other timeline. He is unconscious at the moment.”
“Have you considered the possibility that he’s right?” Sam asked.
“Are you ill?” Castiel asked worriedly.
Castiel regarded the chair as though it could bite. He sat down carefully and clasped his hands in his lap.
Castiel had spent many nights contemplating the events which had led to Sam jumping into the Cage.
“Castiel, you don’t have to do that,” Faith said gently, “Gabriel could easily find some donated blood, or bring Sam here.”
Faith smiled weakly and shook her head, “You haven’t. I’m just a mess right now.”
Dean turned back to Castiel, “I’m switching sides.”
Castiel followed the instinctual urge to find Dean back to the newly discovered Games room.
“What’s up with Satan?” Dean asked bluntly.
“If you are alive enough to grant permission,” Gabriel added cheerfully.
“So tough,” the woman mused, “You’ll drop the attitude when our guest arrives.”
“No, thank-you.”
“He should earn Bobby’s trust first,” Gabriel suggested, “After the ‘Ruby’ fiasco, you’d trust his judgement over your own.”
“Still no talent for sarcasm, Dean,” Gabriel decided. He touched the doorframe with one hand and Meg’s shoulder with the other.
“Let’s drop a match in there and scram,” Balthazar suggested, “So no Angel gets caught in it.”
Castiel refrained from pointing out that he was an Angel, so he technically didn’t have a head. What Dean was suggesting could cancel out the energy boost he would receive from having his Grace completed.
Gabriel lay flat on his back, eating jellybeans and smiling at the ceiling.
“Why?”
“Gabriel, the hallucination of me referred to Sam as his ‘bitch’,” Lucifer revealed in a rush, “That’s just sick. He’s my True Vessel, I’d never -” he broke off, his throat tight.
Gabriel could hear the nauseatingly sweet thoughts they were both thinking.
Castiel yanked the bottle of Grace off his neck and smashed it on the floor. The flash of light bleached the room in a painfully bright glow.
“That book I read said Dhampirs make excellent Vampire hunters; it makes sense that I should have some advantages. Gabriel ripped a few pages out, but the rest was informative.”
Dean watched Gabriel close his eyes while his hand reached out to rest on Sam’s wrist. His eyesight wasn’t sharp enough to recognise the signs of a nightmare, and he wondered how often Cas slipped into his head to retrieve him from Hell.
Dean still didn’t grasp the urgency of the situation, “Cool.”
Gabriel shook his head sadly, “So untrusting; I blame your father for that.”
Chuck noted the way Sam controlled his breathing and pressed both palms flat against the table.
From the outside the mental box was dark and unassuming. The waves of fury had receded completely, leaving an emptiness behind.
“Isn’t he pissed that God took off and let Heaven fall apart?” Dean asked Faith, “All Chuck had to do was show up, announce that the Apocalypse was cancelled, and Michael would have followed orders.”
“I wish He had slowly lessened his guidance, rather than leaving abruptly,” Castiel said thoughtfully, “He designed Angels to need him, so he created his own problems.”
Castiel let go of Dean’s wrist but his hand didn’t return to the mattress. Dean watched the hand move with purpose to rest exactly over the place where his shoulder had been scarred with a handprint. A warm tingle radiated from the point of contact.
“Can you tell me why?”
“No,” Gabriel replied easily, “If you were using your powers to hurt people, maybe. You have been alive for over forty years and lived peacefully, as far as I know. I don’t see anything remotely evil when I look at you.”
“Breathe, Sam,” Chuck advised, “Relax, if you can.”
“Beer, now,” Dean ordered.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
It was Sam’s turn to drop a string of rude words.
“I hate the idea that I’m shallow enough to treat you differently as a guy,” Dean admitted, “But, maybe, that’s just me; shallow, small-minded and human.”
“You alright, Dean?” Gabriel asked as he approached, “Your expressions are nearly as entertaining as Sammy’s at the moment. Try eating more fibre.”
Castiel heard Dean let out a long breath and the silence lingered between them. The Angel was sure that the absence of eye contact would help Dean to accept his words rather than dismiss them.
“Jimmy died, and when I resurrected Castiel, I linked his physical presence to his Grace; which led to a power reduction for a few months. I should be able to use Grace to manifest a physical form, based on a compatible vessel. Once created, the vessel can be freed.”
Balthazar snorted at the image and giggles broke out around Gabriel.
Faith slid a piece of paper across the table, “On the back is a picture of Metatron’s current vessel. If you see him, just run.”
“Innuendoes and Gabriel’s domain,” Sam deflected, “Maybe he wants to restrain you?”
Dean laughed so hard, he has to drop his pizza and drink a mouthful of beer to clear his airway. “Michael is now stuck on the image of Lucifer stroking a cat and uttering threats.”
Dean gaped at the Archangel, “But Sam was seeing and hearing
His own connections to his Flock-mates were strong, but barely developed. Castiel was a warmth in the back of his mind, and a reliable source of comfort.
“An Angel who was killed by Cas over a year ago,” Sam explained, “Why?”
Faith didn’t step away once Sam was back on his feet. The butterflies in her stomach fuelled the smile she couldn’t repress.
“Damn; not what I was hoping to hear,” Crowley sighed, “There’s a betting pool in Hell around you two hooking up. Those books prompted a lot of bets when they went online.”
Dean felt the moment Cas took control of Faith’s body. The increased awareness of the Angel was concerning, yet oddly comforting.
Sam recognised the desperation in her eyes as she stared up at him. Dean unlocked one side of the handcuffs and dragged her left arm back toward the bedpost. He planned to check on the Dhampir every few hours to make sure the dead man’s blood was still working.
Gabriel remained at the bunker, promising he was only a prayer away if something went seriously wrong.
Gabriel chuckled, “No way, Samoose; he’s with Castiel and they wouldn’t even notice me if I busted into the room with a sombrero and a foghorn.”
Rowena participated in the conversation, but her thoughts were clearly elsewhere.
When Gabriel relayed the Grace-merging Dean had agreed to, all thoughts of sex fled from Sam’s mind. The idea of Dean facing Michael and Lucifer chilled him to the bone.
“I believe he will follow Fathers’ advice.”
“This one is real, the rest are fake,” Gabriel held the genuine feather between his index finger and thumb, “From a Grigori, I think.”
“That’s rich, considering how clueless Cas is half the time,” Dean huffed, “We have an incomplete bond-thingy too.”
Samandriel regarded Castiel hopefully.
“As neither of us are human, that analogy isn’t applicable.”
Humans questioned everything. The drive to survive on a beautiful yet unforgiving planet had honed humans into the ultimate adaptors. Castiel admired this trait, even though it often led to chaos and violence. The sheer creativity humans were capable of was awe-inspiring.
“Being human was awful,” Gabriel admitted reluctantly, “I hated most of it, and barely tolerated the fun parts. Loki forced me to reabsorb my Grace when I became suicidally depressed.”
“Too true; there are so many who wouldn’t recognise the importance of Free Will if it hit them in the face,” Gabriel mused.
“Sure; you do that most nights, right? I hope I haven’t scarred your brain.”
While Gabriel emanated an aura of power and danger, Castiel looked as lost as she felt.
Cas dropped his gaze to meet the green eyes which glared up at him.
Gabriel tossed a piece of popcorn at his sibling, “Always straight to the point.”
Gabriel dropped his face into his palms to chuckle instead of answering.
“Am I still dreaming?”
for at least an hour.”
The Archangel had his legs stretched out in front of him, and his back supported by the middle of the lounge.
The area around the bunker was converted into a Protected Zone by the Angels.
Cas had been observing humanity long enough to know many of them were happy; he simply couldn’t imagine gaining such joy for himself.
“I killed thousands of Angels and humans,” Castiel pointed out tightly, “I devastated Heaven.”
Dean settled back into the chair and watched a stream of glowing Grace pass from Gabriel to Castiel at the place where their skin touched.
Gabriel winked and vanished with a grin.
Dean distinctly heard a deep laugh from the wall where the door should have been. Castiel glanced at the same place, so the Hunter knew he wasn’t hallucinating.
Dean glanced down at the calm being beside him. Cas was correct in his assumption that self-esteem was a significant factor in his mind. He couldn’t wrap his head around the idea that an Angel loved him.
Dealing with the Djinn a couple of months early turned out to be more difficult than Gabriel had initially assumed. The issue was not with either of the creatures, but with the separation from Faith and Castiel.
“I doubt Dean would appreciate me exploring lust in his body,” Castiel said dryly.
“You’re powerful enough to do that, no matter what I do,” Sam reasoned.
!” Gabriel cooed, “Don’t you want to brush your teeth to prevent cavities from all the sweetness?”
“Not me, all of us. Dean needs to separate Castiel from the male vessel he currently inhabits,” Gabriel revealed cryptically.
“Castiel, I think I’ve figured out your secret,” Gabriel said triumphantly.
“Dean, you need to relax,” Castiel advised as a familiar soul swirled around the room. Dean materialised as a blurry approximation of his physical body.
Gabriel leaned forward to press his forehead against Castiel’s. Dean began to move, the impulse to retreat overriding the need to stay near Cas. Castiel’s hand shot out to grab his wrist.
“When I fight for something, it usually blows up in my face,” Cas replied flatly, “I expect it will be even worse now that I have emotions to deal with too.”
“Yes,” Faith said after a brief pause, “Though Castiel is sure he has gotten worse since he left Heaven.”
“At least once a week,” Sam admitted.
“Put the gun away, Boofhead,” Gabriel ordered.
“Chuck!” Sam burst out, “Please, don’t sterilize people; once the world figures it out, those who can reproduce will be enslaved or something.”
“I’ve never tried that,” Castiel said dryly, “I did converse with a cat once.”
? You never extended these ‘rights’ to other primates, so why would Angels be expected to acknowledge them?”
“Is that the super-secret plan?” Dean asked, “Copying vessels so Angels can find a human to learn from? There’s something else, isn’t there?”
Sam drew in a laboured breath and silently cursed his own uncooperative anatomy.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Six years from now, I died,” Gabriel said theatrically, “I sent my memories back in time to alter the evens. This was the optimum time to change the past without ripping apart the very fabric of the space-time continuum.”
“Gabriel, put the door back in or get lost,” Dean grumbled.
Castiel could sense the anxiety through the bond and see the signs of hesitation in Dean’s demeanour. He expected the Hunter to withdraw, as he usually did when the tension grew between them.
Gabriel could read the glance between the Hunter’s as though they were speaking aloud; they were blaming themselves for not getting Adam out sooner.
Seeing the Hunter prone on the bed unsettled Lucifer. The smell of blood hung heavily in the air and did not help his upset stomach.
Dean decided,
Adam’s limp fingers twitched against Sam’s hand.
Castiel didn’t reply, but Dean could feel the confusion through their growing bond.
Samandriel’s head snapped toward Dean, “You can see Angel wings?” his voice was rather shrill.
Dean sank down to sit on the end of the bed as Chuck appeared on the screen, being interviewed by a pale man in a suit.
Faith felt very uncomfortable in the tight clothing, right up until Sam looked up and forgot how to breathe. She was pleased that he found her attractive, as she was constantly fighting the urge to make a blatant move on the man.
“You talk too much,” Dean muttered as he climbed under the blankets and stretched out on his back. He kept his hand free so he could clasp the Angel’s hand again.
“No-one is killing anyone,” Gabriel commanded.
“It doesn’t sound very enticing,” Castiel noted.
“You would be in Heaven’s jail,” Castiel pointed out.
Dean had recognised the subtle changes in the Archangel once Chuck had pointed out the growing empathy in Michael. Whereas Lucifer was moody, Michael was full of curiosity.
As his Grace poured back into his body, the fury was replaced by grim determination.
“He’s mortal,” Lucifer said softly, “One day, he’ll die. I don’t want that to happen.”
Faith watched Gabriel and Castiel cling to the new Angel as though he would flee if he wasn’t pinned in place.
Gabriel turned and walked away.
“You think you can handle this?” Dean scoffed, waving a hand to indicate his body.
Castiel had long ago learned that stating the obvious to Dean while he was swearing at the wall due to powerful emotions rather than a belief that it could lead to an escape.
“While you were locked up in the dungeon,” Dean pointed out, “If we leave you free while we’re sleeping, I won’t be there to stop you latching on to my brother.”
Sam nodded, knowing Lucifer loved the sound of his own voice.
Adam wanted to reassure his half-brother, but the stoic expressions did not invite any comments. Since waking that morning, Adam had slowly accepted that he really was free of the Cage.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Gabriel liked how Castiel still retained his innocence; it was rather sweet. The Archangel had long ago given hope of finding a soulmate amongst the human population; he settled for orgasmic pleasure and hilarity.
“No promises,” Faith replied wearily.
“No!” Castiel insisted.
?” Dean demanded.
“Father plans to open the Cage,” Gabriel said with a sigh.
Jane watched the former Angel as he ate the first bite. She understood why Faith wanted to get to know he; he was quite strange.
“That sucked,” Lucifer gasped.
“I disagree,” Gabriel responded with a cheeky smile, “Once an Angel begins interacting with humans, it’s natural to develop an interest in sex. You’ve spent most of your time with Castiel, who only has an interest in one particular human.”
“Better?” Gabriel asked politely.
Lucifer liked the ‘Alien’ movie. He was impressed by the creativity humans expressed via the television. He hated the admit he was wrong about humanity, and he would never utter the sentiment aloud. He disliked the vast majority of the human population, but they could be interesting.
“No; she is half-human, so between the two of them, the pull to Heaven will be stronger than that of Purgatory, after death.”
“His soul is scarred from the Cage,” Gabriel agreed, “He knows that most of the damage was to protect him from the Cage itself.”
“It’s nearly dark, but still hot,” Sam observed unnecessarily.
Castiel opened his eyes to see the unsure expression on Dean’s face, “I don’t understand what dates have to do with sleeping.” He decided to ask Gabriel for details on this ‘third date policy’ later.
Sam wasn’t sure how to reassure Faith, as their reality was weird at the best of times.
“I’m glad Gabriel is going to stick around,” Sam said thoughtfully, “Cas is going to struggle with being human, and half the time we won’t even know why.”
Dean rolled his eyes, noting that Michael was adjusting to being a smart-ass much faster than Castiel.
Castiel was in favour of forming a Flock, but she would follow whatever decision Dean made.
“Don’t compare me to those plodding primates!”
“Yes,” Gabriel confirmed, “Somehow, he knew where you were. Your conception was felt like a shockwave through Heaven and Earth, but no-one could find you.”
Faith giggled, “You’re saying women have more common sense?”
The sudden change in scenery was enough to wake Dean from his slumber. He was confused to find himself tucked neatly into his bed, with Cas pressed against his side.
Sam reached forward to grip Adam’s limp hand in his own.
“I’m a romantic at heart,” Gabriel explained, sounding sincere.
“Evolution,” Castiel replied simply, “Father knew that feathers had to exist well before humans evolved. The wing design developed further in birds was based on Angel wings.”
“Cas said that once,” Sam muttered darkly.
“Cas, she has a pair of pliers!” Dean hissed.
Dean snorted in disbelief, “Yeah, right.”
Sam was looking at the ceiling to try to ignore the conversation.
Dean asked curiously.
influence.”
“It’s like talking to a rock,” Gabriel decided.
The features belonged to Faith, but the contented smile and unblinking gaze was distinctly Castiel.
“I’m glad you’re getting along so well,” Chuck commented cheerfully.
It was an unreliable way to communicate, as many voices could drown out one, even the voice of an Angel.
“I’ve given up,” Dean said quietly, “I won’t plot against Chuck; I can’t lose Cas again.”
Castiel obeyed carefully, making sure to keep a healthy distance from the Archangel.
“In a few dozen realities, locking you away worked,” Chuck continued, “So, I began triggering branching universes by attempting to reason with you and let you out. I watched you slaughter Phoenicians, Greeks, Romans, Chinese, Egyptians and everyone in-between throughout the Ancient World. No matter what I did, you were always intent on wiping out humanity.”
“What do you
“I figured,” Sam replied easily, “You’d never let Faith that close to your neck.”
Sam shifted her weight so he could press his forehead against her neck. Having her body wrapped around his felt so natural that it was comforting.
“Probably?” Dean repeated incredulously, “Screw that; I’m keeping my eyes shut, just in case.”
Sam ignored the flash of anger prompted by the name. He wasn’t even sure if it originated with him.
“No matter what Chuck has planned?” Gabriel clarified.
“Castiel seems to be coping well,” Faith said with an encouraging smile, “Though, you do need a shave; unless you prefer the scruffy look?”
Lucifer froze. As far as he knew, Michael had never shared Grace with anyone. When Lucifer had broached the topic well before the Fall, he had been firmly rejected.
“You’ve created this?”
For a full minute, Grace streamed into Sam. Finally, Chuck healed the wound on Lucifer’s throat and slid a hand under his son’s elbow to assist him to remain upright.
“Chuck?” Charlie gasped, “Wow.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
The trio disappeared, which prompted Dean to turn to Sam with a frown, “You
Castiel kept his eyes closed but the edges of his mouth tilted up into the beginning of a smile, “Humans feel emotions very deeply and have no choice but to respond immediately. From what I have learned, Angels have an even more extensive emotional range, but our Grace can be used to suppress them.”
Dean re-joined them and fell down into his chair with a sigh, “I put a bucket next to the bed. If Cas can’t figure it out, he can learn to use the washing machine.”
Balthazar waved a hand to turn the television on. He quickly found a channel which was covering the ‘return of God’.
“Because I’m your brother and I care about you, jackass!” Gabriel spat.
Castiel caught Dean’s forearm in a tight grip, “Chuck is here,” he said urgently.
“It doesn’t feel right,” Dean muttered.
“So, what do you want?” Jane asked directly.
Castiel remained silent, his gaze not straying near the brothers.
Balthazar smirked, “Go for it.”
Dean was no longer alert; Castiel could only compare the functioning and yet unresponsive mind of the Hunter to a coma patient.
The memories of living off stolen Grace and working to remove the Mark of Cain from Dean’s arm made him nauseous.
“Lovely. If Gabriel is one of the nicer ones, I don’t want to meet any mean ones,” Jane mused.
“Whatever you want; just stay alive,” Faith stated, “But if you ever need a place to hide, these are the coordinates of a safe-house that Angels’ can’t get into.”
Gabriel sighed, “No flair for the dramatic, even after all this time with your pet humans.”
“Our wings are extraordinarily sensitive,” Matthias continued, “To pleasure and pain.”
Dean watched the bluster in his friend fall away to be replaced by fear. The colour fled from Castiel’s face so fast; Sam wasn’t surprised to see the Angel sway.
Sam watched with interest while he slowly drew tendrils of power from the internal ball of energy.
Balthazar declared,
“He needed to know,” Gabriel insisted calmly.
“Are you expecting a show?” Jane asked curiously.
“God sent you back?” Dean scoffed, “He didn’t give a shit during the Apocalypse, or when Cas went on a killing spree. Why would he care now?”
“They’re free?” Adam guessed.
“They seem to understand,” Faith said hesitantly, “But they are Winchesters.”
“That’s really strange,” Dean decided.
“That’s hard to believe,” Dean snorted. He turned to speak to Faith/Castiel just as she shifted forward. The sight of blood on Sam’s collar sent a surge of alarm through the Hunter.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“And if I don’t?”
“Why are you so keen to play Cupid?” Faith wondered.
“They reflect my emotional state,” Cas explained as he reached forward to place his hands on the Hunter’s shoulders, “I am feeling rather possessive at the moment.”
Balthazar perked up with interest, “Really? Well, that explains why you’re more relaxed than I remember.”
“By accepting Gabriel’s mark upon your soul, you cannot be possessed by an Angel without his permission,” Castiel explained, “He would also have to bless taking a mate.”
Sam flipped off his brother before joining the group-hug by fitting his body against Faith’s back.
“Let Faith bite you, and then I will tell you,” Gabriel offered.
“There are two theories for arguing with a woman,” Dean muttered, “And neither of them work.”
Faith had never made more than a few friends in her life, and she was sure Castiel could be a friend eventually. She brought a couple of books with her but spent most of the time watching the former Angel or speaking to Jane.
“Luci is tapping out; Hunters are winning.”
Castiel braced himself for the next stab of pain when Matthias moved behind him again.
“I’m sorry, Samandriel,” Castiel choked out, “Naomi made me -”
Gabriel snapped a buffet into existence and delighted in annoying Sam while he ate.
Dean found himself staring at the floor, resisting the impulse to twist the end of his shirt in his fingers.
Castiel pulled away abruptly and looked at the wrist Dean was holding up. A small circle was burned into the skin of his left wrist.
Dean grinned, “Then a piss-up party sounds perfect.”
“What cards?”
Castiel flinched and stared at the wall with a blank expression.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Faith nodded, “If you’re cooking, I’ll eat it. My kitchen skills are awful.”
Cas regarded his friend through bloodshot eyes, “Pain is harder to ignore without my Grace.”
Dean kept his eyes on the black wings as he broke the skin contact with Castiel; he wondered if they were fragile like the wings of a bird.
“It means Gabriel is grinning like an idiot, as though he knows something we don’t,” Sam explained.
The burst of laughter from the bed made Sam glare at his brother’s back.
“Yes; after you give consent, I have to agree or Luci will be locked out,” Gabriel explained, “If it helps, he finds all forms of squid to be extremely creepy. Imagine stuffing squid in the box with Lucifer is he gets too mouthy.”
“It is my handprint,” Samandriel explained, “To raise you from the Cage I had to inflict a partial Grace-burn on your body and soul.”
Sam regarded him thoughtfully, “Thank-you.”
“Dean, drop it,” Sam advised sharply, “Gabriel, if Cas doesn’t want the memories, don’t force him. Can’t you see how violating that is?”
“Fashion parade!” Gabriel announced happily, “I was going to provide alcohol, but that’s even better!”
Castiel enjoyed sorting and recoding all the items in the bunker. He imagined living there while Dean aged, right up until he died and went to Heaven. He could only hope that by the time Dean’s mortal body expired, he would be welcomed in Heaven again. If Heaven would not accept Dean, Castiel would further bind Dean’s soul to his Grace to keep him safe.
Gabriel retreated deep into the bunker to brood. It took a few hours, but eventually Castiel sought him out, and her two shadows were finally absent.
“Theoretically, you would be the best option,” Gabriel said carefully, “But the bond you share with Castiel might complicate the Angel-vessel paradigm.”
Even if Castiel hadn’t promised Gabriel he wouldn’t act on suicidal impulses, he wouldn’t bother. He wouldn’t risk ending up in Heaven with Naomi and her instruments of torture.
“Let’s eat, then you can decide how to deal with the Devil-in-a-Box.”
“You can’t just give up!”
Gabriel raised a beer as though Sam had made a toast.
“I’m sure you have a wing-kink, Dean,” Meg added.
Castiel backed away, even though he knew he could not stop Gabriel, even if he had his Grace.
“I am sure you do.”
“You look like shit,” Castiel told the mirror.
Jack nodded, “A fair few actually; you visited one where there were no supernatural elements at all. The weird thing is, they all have stories and most have a Bible. I think the Prophets were active, or someone was travelling through portals to impersonate them.”
Dean glanced at Castiel’s hands, which rested near his own. He reached out to catch both and entwined their fingers together again.
“So, you put your stamp of ownership on him?” Dean demanded, “What’s next? You pimp him out as a blood bag to Vampires?”
Jane smacked him on the bicep, “Don’t be so crude.”
“No need; I helped to create it. When souls die there, they either go to Heaven or Hell,” Michael explained.
Gabriel threw up his hands, made a feral noise and slumped back against the couch, “You two are so frustrating! I’m trying to help. Why are you making this so hard?”
Gabriel pried the human fingers off his clothing, “This is silk, you uncultured prat. I did prompt Sam to check the files, and I did bring you here. I swear I had nothing to do with Faith ending up in the dungeon.”
“Possibly,” Gabriel replied with a shrug, “A handshake will suffice.”
“Think of Faith as your reward, Sam,” Chuck advised, “Unless you screw up monumentally, she’s determined to stay with you.”
Jane drew in a deep breath and stepped forward to take a huge risk.
“Dean; your self-esteem is through the floor because of your upbringing,” Gabriel pointed out, “You are basically suffering from Stockholm Syndrome at this point.”
“And it disturbs you that humans are taught to hate you?” Gadreel realized.
“What did you
“How can you tell she’s not Cas?” Sam asked curiously.
“You already had the highlights; he needed more details. He’s reliving the important parts while he naps.”
“Shit,” he muttered darkly. His experiences in Hell and Purgatory had taught him how to detach from emotions to get the job done. He was concerned that Sam would react badly to the suffering of the creature – despite everything he had seen, his brother still had a strong sense of empathy.
Dean felt Castiel relax against him as Balthazar reached out with his Grace. He could sense the happy warmth growing between the two Angels and could only equate their Grace-sharing to a pair of cats nuzzling each other to express mutual affection.
Gabriel ignored the childish laughter from multiple sources around the table.
“Oo, someone gets possessive,” Gabriel cooed, “Your mate got angry with me before you showed up. She threw me across the room, and I won’t lie; it was sexy.”
“Father’s absence should not have been kept a secret,” Castiel replied gently, “We should have mourned together. Some Angels may have left for Earth, but the majority of us would have followed you willingly.”
“We can deal with a full-Vampire; half can’t be worse, right?” Sam replied.
“He was often lonely, and is enjoying the experience, so far,” Gadreel explained, “If I am to remain on Earth for more than a few months, I will ask for Father to create a new vessel for me.”
“Do the vessels consent?” Chuck asked.
Gabriel was able to relax once he was alone with Castiel. His younger sibling was clearly upset.
“No,” Castiel disagreed, “Angels have to get permission to occupy a vessel. Had he said no, I would have sought a different vessel.”
“Gabriel; why is the demon here?” she asked directly.
Castiel smiled cheekily and held out the bra, “What about this one? How would Gabriel be able to figure out my ‘cup’ size?”
“I’m gonna give you some time to yourself, let you sort through things, okay?”
“Can I tell you something? Just—just one dude to another?”
“I’d like that a lot.”
Cas nods his understanding.
“Hey, hey. Stop insulting my cooking and just get on with it.”
Cas gives him a sympathetic look.
Dean visibly deflates at that.
Dean nods, his forehead resting against the bridge of Cas’s nose. Cas thinks about his answer for a moment.
The angel does his best to contain his excitement at that.
Cas shakes his head.
Dean realizes. He tips his head back a little bit, sighing softly as Cas continues to work at his neck and shoulders. The combination of the hot water and the angel’s hands banish all the tension from Dean’s body. Cas slowly massages the muscles of his back, starting at the tops of Dean’s shoulders, and ending at his tailbone. Cas peppers his neck and shoulders with kisses, occasionally leaning forward to murmur words of affection in Dean’s ear. He tells Dean how
If possible, Dean looks even more embarrassed.
Wordlessly, Dean pops the dvd in and they both settle into Cas’s bed, sliding under the covers and sinking into the mattress.
“Since you’ve agreed to
Blessedly, the nephilim decides to lay himself against Dean’s chest, and not Cas’s. He flings his arms around Dean’s middle and tucks his head under the hunter’s chin, cuddling against him like a small child. The entire situation is uncomfortable, largely due to the fact that Jack is the size of a full-grown person, and
something, that would take a while. And, we’d be in the kitchen, so we’d be out of the way,” he offers.
“I’m sure it does...Do you
much of a surprise. Sam’s had the misfortune of watching Dean and Cas dance around each other for
“It’s the translations I took from your journal,” Dean explains. “I shouldn’t hold onto them, they’re
Dean gently closes the door behind them. He crosses over to his nightstand and picks up the stack of translations, handing them to Cas. Cas takes them, slowly leafing through the pages. He raises his eyebrows in a combination of surprise and amusement as he takes in just
Cas kisses roughly at his neck, growling and moaning as he starts to pick up the pace, beginning to focus on his own pleasure. Several punched-out breaths escape Dean’s lips as the angel pounds into him, and Dean’s bed frame starts to groan under the effort. Not long after, Dean has to reach a hand above his head, pressing his palm flat against the headboard to keep himself from being driven into it.
Cas remains quiet. He hangs his head forward to rest against Dean’s shoulder in guilt.
“I’m just saying,” Dean continues. “The sexy librarian look is right up your alley, Cas.”
“No,” Dean says firmly. “Don’t apologize, Cas. You have
“It’s okay, Dean. I’ll go fix the electricity...I’m the one who blew it out anyway.”
Sam leans away from the table, holding up his hands defensively.
The angel turns his head in the direction of the voice, and immediately locks eyes with Dean. He’s standing at the end of the bar, a beer bottle poised just a few inches away from his lips. Cas isn’t entirely sure who Dean’s talking to, so he glances over his shoulder to be sure. Dean chuckles softly.
Dean doesn’t fail to notice the obvious correlation—
why on the fourth night of holding down the fort while Sam tackles a solo hunt, Dean finds himself getting a
The angel furrows his brow.
Dean blinks.
“Dean...Cas doesn’t
Dean stares blankly at the wall for several minutes. When he recovers from shock, Dean realizes what an
Dean nods his understanding.
“And?”
he asks.
“First of all...I am
“I know, but Sam—”
happy.
“Dean,” he says.
“I’ll call you when we get to North Dakota,” Dean says, breaking the tension.
Dean feels a hot blush rise to his cheeks.
“But, Dean—”
“I think I left a bag in the car, do you mind checking for me?”
Dean sighs, still smiling.
Sam glances at Cas. The angel strokes Dean’s head in a soothing manner.
“Alright, let’s slow down there,” he says, urging Dean to put the bottle back on the table.
Cas thinks. Followed by,
The angel lets out a soft chuckle, like he finds something particularly amusing, and Dean can feel the sound vibrate through Cas’s chest. Cas plants a series of kisses along Dean’s shoulder. He presses into Dean’s back a little more firmly, looking intently at Dean through their reflection in the bathroom mirror.
“Cas!” he exclaims.
Cas can’t quite put his finger on why, but Dean’s response makes him feel rather...
“Uh, well…”
“Dean...I thought we had this conversation already...You know I don’t care one way or the other who you date.”
“He’ll live.”
Dean murmurs.
“But you’re not getting it, Dean,” Cas says, a hint of frustration in his voice. “I
here lately. I mean, don’t you think maybe you ought to tone it down a little?”
“Are you hurt?” he asks.
Dean and Cas exchange a wary glance.
“You...you
He nods in the direction of the door.
“That’s not what I meant...I meant, are
Sam shrugs.
“Which I admire greatly, Dean.”
—Cas has been holding onto the hope that Dean is interested in him. He originally thought that maybe Dean was confessing this information as a way to lead into confessing his possible feelings for Cas.
He has a seat on the foot of Cas’s bed, still holding Cas’s hands so they’re facing each other.
Sam raises his eyebrows.
As always, thank you for reading!
Cas narrows his eyes at Dean in suspicion, but doesn’t say anything.
Cas recoils slightly, staring at Dean in disbelief.
“Speaking of surprises,
Sam says, his voice barely above a whisper.
He snaps his head back down, staring at the bed.
is supposed to be at the end of Cas’ sentence.
This is one of the hardest things he’s ever done, and he knows it.
And okay, yeah, they’d worked a case not too long ago that took them down this same stretch of I-81. Dean is kind of dumfounded that Cas would remember, let alone care.
, he thinks. Fortunately, he’s had a lot of practice at living with that feeling. In fact, living that way has nearly become his
Jody frowns, whirling on him. “Excuse me?” She raises her eyebrow. “I did not just hear you say that you gave her her first
Dean bottles up his emotions. It’s what he’s good at. It’s arguably his most practiced skill, his most honed weapon, second only to hunting. Both of those things his most obvious inheritance from his dad. And if he can’t even have that, then what is he, who
Firmly, after another deep breath, Dean starts again. Confidently, not cracking jokes. This is the bottom line.
“Yeah, same here,” Dean says, but he’s having trouble tearing his eyes away from Cas for more than a second at a time.
Dean ducks behind the table as the monster darts at him. The table upends, goes flying.
Dean’s tongue swipes out across his lower lip, a tell, a nervous tic. “Would you believe me if I said it was a surprise?”
“I will if you will,” Dean finds himself saying, warmth blooming under his ribs, with half a chuckle. “Deal?”
Dean crunches through tasteless shards of cereal while Sam putters around behind him, rearranging shit on the shelves and starting to brew some coffee.
Her surname was Eggers. The edges of the name carved into the stone are smooth, the letters made more shallow by the passage of time. They finish digging up the grave and toss their shovels aside.
“You can’t just—” Some irrational part of himself, Dean realizes, expects Cas to leave if Dean lets him keep talking like this, to be taken away somehow if Cas shows too much faith in him.
almost, bare forearms crossed over his chest, his brows drawn tightly together in what appears to be faint disgust, “please. My true form looks
“Whaddya want?”
Dean leans in close to Sam’s ear and mutters, “What was this kid’s name?”
Sam holds up his index finger. “But the
“Fruit basket,” Dean wheezes, before collapsing into giggles again.
Grumbling, Dean fiddles with the radio until the music cuts back on, perfectly clear again. Satisfied, he goes to poke his head out the kitchen door. “Sammy!”
Sam’s reluctance is palpable.
Except—that’s not all true.
“I know,” Jack says, smoothly and calmly, somehow with both the wisdom of a child and an all-powerful being. “You don’t belong there. You didn’t belong in the Empty, either. So it was okay for me to help set things right.”
“So, I’ve been wondering something,” Sam pipes up, like the drop in radio volume was his cue to start pontificating again and change the subject back to Pontiac, Illinois. “What I still don’t get is how Dean knew to drive there.”
Just breathing. It’s still the only noise Dean hears above the fan, already missing the sounds Cas made against his ear, startling yet satisfying and right, as the angel completely came undone.
The song throbs along, just like all synthwave seems to do, almost ominously, like a heartbeat. Like his own fucking heartbeat. He thinks that he feels Cas’s eyes on him, searching, evaluating, judging as Dean just spins in circles.
happened—it had slipped his mind, somehow, but now it all comes back in stark, delicious, mind-blowing clarity. And even though Dean is pretty sure that he still sucks at doing that—sucks,
This has stopped making sense, and Dean slurs a questioning “Whu—?”
the photo, and it wasn’t a joke. They wouldn’t ever have done that as a joke.
After a few hours spent kicking around the motel, he and Sam head out again under the cover of darkness.
When Dean glances around this time, Sam just looks lost. Jody seems to be thoroughly enjoying this circus, relieved that for once she doesn’t have to be a part of it. Cas looks like he’s trying to figure out if people are actually supposed to raise their hands now.
“It was different in a lot of ways,” Dean sighs, sitting across from Sam, dragging his hand down over his mouth. The light in the library is warm, one of the warmest places in the entire bunker. “It even turned into a full-on acid trip at one point.”
century more than he is, at this point.”
It makes sense that there’s no such thing as life here—this place, this
is definitely on the right track.
and pops back out of the kitchen. Dean finishes cleaning up and heads to the bathroom to see how Cas is doing. When he slips inside, he finds the angel standing awkwardly in front of the sink, trying to clean himself off with a washcloth and failing.
“Relax. It’s a
“It’s okay, Feathers,” Dean says softly. “You go to the bathroom and get cleaned up. I’ll take care of this.”
that Cas is being delicate with him. Dean knows he’s going to regret it in the morning, but right now, he doesn’t want
Dean nods. Cas does his best to hold back a smile, but must fail because Dean huffs and rolls over onto his back.
Dean gets a mischievous grin on his face.
Cas trails off, frowning. Dean nearly confesses everything right then and there.
This chapter is a teensy bit longer than the previous two, but I think it's worth it...
Sam scratches at his chin.
It isn’t easy convincing Sam to help him get a mattress topper. It’s even harder when Cas tells him that he doesn’t want Dean to know about it.
That particular part of his brain shuts up when the angel surprises him by swiping the tip of his tongue over Dean’s bottom lip. Dean makes a strange, broken noise at that, and Cas pulls back just far enough to look Dean in the eyes. His gaze is intense and searching, sending a shiver up Dean’s spine. Before he can comprehend what’s happening, he vaguely registers that Cas’s weight is shifting, and soon the angel is no longer pressed to his side, but resting on top of him.
The hunter gives him a slightly guilty look, but still doesn’t say anything.
“Dean? What is it?” the angel asks, his tone concerned.
Every hair on his head, every feature on his face. He’s still Cas. He’s
you, okay? That’s not the issue here. The poor guy’s just
Dean’s idea of a good little dive bar. A handful of people mill about and drink at the tables, chatting with each other. Cas looks down at himself and realizes that he’s not wearing the t-shirt and sweatpants that he put on before getting into bed with Dean earlier that evening. Instead, he’s wearing a variation of what he intended to wear to their date that night, except his tie is gone and his sleeves are rolled up, the first few buttons of his shirt undone.
alright?”
He works his way back up the side of Cas’s neck, pausing to nibble at his ear. Before he can even
“Well, obviously there’d be dinner,” Cas says.
Dean,” he informs his older brother. “A
“I will. Thank you, Sam.”
“I was, uh...looking for a sock,” Dean lies. “And Cas was helping me.”
but considering that Cas is still not moving, he’s not sure how it came out. He tries again.
phone call with Cas. Either way, Sam doesn’t want to deal with it. He doesn’t want to listen to a solid weekend of Dean sighing and groaning in self-pity any more than he wants to hear him murmuring dirty things into his phone when he thinks Sam is asleep.
Sammy.”
Cas smiling against his skin as he presses a cluster of kisses to Dean’s chest. Slowly, the angel trails a hand down his chest, one of his fingers pausing to toy with Dean’s nipple. Dean makes a strangled noise.
of what they may or may not be up to. He loves both of them dearly, and he’s genuinely happy for them. This is his best friend and his older brother after all, how could he
“You guys hungry?” he asks.
you. I need you
but he manages to stop himself. He scratches his chin, recalling some of the words he’d accidentally glimpsed in Cas’s journal that morning.
go show his little brother how much of an
He lets himself get into a rhythm, listening for the soft noises that leave Cas’s lips. Dean then decides it’s time to add his hands into the equation and make things even better for his angel. He kneads at Cas’s hips and thighs, then slides his hands up towards his stomach. Cas has a surprisingly sensitive stomach. He’s borderline ticklish, something Dean regularly uses to his advantage in times like these.
“You...you got this for
Dean hums softly.
about their writing,” he explains. “The only time they use plain, linear formatting is when they’re writing something of the
When there’s no reply, Dean grabs the doorknob and gently opens the door, poking his head inside. Cas is, in fact,
“Boy, we really pissed him off, didn’t we?”
And when Dean stumbles across the first interesting passage in Cas’s journal, he discovers
“Think of it like...diverting power. I decided that preserving the physical nature of my vessel wasn’t important, so I...
much more tantalizing. It sends a rush of heat through Dean’s entire body. He reaches between them, digging his fingers into Cas’s hips, and Cas bucks harshly into Dean on instinct. Dean gasps.
“Maybe you could talk to Jody,” Sam suggests. “I mean, she’s got experience with kids, so she probably knows what that’s like, right?”
good, when Cas makes the bold move of nipping at Dean’s  bottom lip, and Dean responds with the even
He sighs.
me into making an apple pie, would it?” Cas asks.
“You have to be
“I’ll throw every last one of your
Sam’s mind immediately jumps to the night he first confronted Dean about Cas’s behavior, and then the two subsequent times after that. Each time, Dean was adamantly clear about Sam not getting involved, and naturally, Sam wasn’t the least bit happy about that. So, he’s started trying to figure things out on his own, since it’s obvious Dean isn’t going to be of any help. And while he has his suspicions about the change in Cas’s behavior, Sam knows that voicing them isn’t going to end well.
me for this,” he tells Dean.
He’s about to have a seat when Sam disrupts his thoughts.
A few minutes later, they’re driving in the Impala to some local fast-food joint so Dean can get a burger and fries. Cas declines the offer of food, but finds it sweet that Dean asks him out of habit. They do, however, get something for Sam, just in case he’s hungry. On the way back to the bunker, Cas holds the bag of food in his lap. After a few minutes of driving, Dean wordlessly reaches over and pulls a couple french fries out of the bag.
Additionally, I plan on including a couple of one shots and other, shorter stories that are connected to this work as part of the series. I hope to explore the beginning and evolution of Dean and Cas's relationship together, as well as their shared interactions with Sam, and perhaps even another glimpse into Cas's diary...
“I just don’t really know where to go from here.”
While it isn’t the first time Cas has seen this movie with Dean, he thinks this has to be his
be, under very rare circumstances.”
nice and cozy, it also seems to be very effective. After laying together on Dean’s bed for a while, Dean has succeeded in broaching the ‘nesting’ topic with Cas, and even learned a little bit more about it than what Sam had to offer. The only downside is that snuggling up to Cas and soaking up the angel’s warmth is starting to make him feel a little sleepy.
tired.”
“It wasn’t...
On their first night together, he had been shocked to discover that Cas could
Sam says, like he’s explaining the concept to a little kid.
Cas tries to hide his disappointment, and must fail, because Dean quickly says:
from sexual exhaustion before Cas even got off.
“Dean?” the angel rasps.
“I think I’m gonna make something to eat,” he informs Cas quietly. “I’m getting kinda hungry.”
“Are you falling asleep?” Cas asks quietly.
“It’s Cas’s diary,” Sam hisses. “As in, his
Apparently, the Christian notion that God created every single species of animal all by his lonesome, is
he thinks.
He smiles at Jack.
“Hello, Dean,” the angel says quietly.
It’s good to have Cas back in proper form, angel mojo and all that jazz. Dean would
Dean pads as quietly as he can back to his room. Not even bothering to close his door, he flops face-down on his bed, grabbing one of his pillows and pulling it under his chin. Maybe it’s the stress from his argument with Cas. Maybe it’s his impromptu heart-to-heart with Sam. Quite possibly, it’s all the whiskey he just had. Regardless, Dean is suddenly very exhausted and wants nothing more than to sleep. He turns his head to one side and vaguely wonders what it might be like to have Cas lay there beside him, to fall asleep to the sound of his deep voice, and wake up to his impossibly blue eyes.
my present?” the angel teases.
That kinda screams
Sam’s about to take a bite of rice when he stops.
Dean’s shoulders relax. He smiles at his brother, and before long, a glimmer of mischief flashes across his features. He opens his mouth to speak.
“He’s scared...
to be sorry for, okay?
he is.
Cas places a hand on his shoulder.
Cas seems to contemplate this.
“Part of it,” he admits.
them, and they get
It’s Cas who gets to hear all the little sleepy noises the hunter makes as he starts to dream. Dean frequently murmurs to himself and lets out tiny, little snores—
He pauses for a moment.
Dean silently thanks whatever deity is listening that he and Cas are still wearing their shirts, and that the sheets are covering them from the waist down. He casts a quick glance in Cas’s direction and they both wordlessly turn onto their sides, pulling the covers up to their chests, just to be safe. Dean puts a hand over his mouth as an embarrassed blush creeps onto his face. He feels a line of spit near the corner of his mouth and he quickly wipes it away, hoping Jack doesn’t notice. Dean clears his throat.
“Dean? What’s wrong? Are you okay?” Cas asks him gently, cupping his face.
He places a hand on Dean’s shoulder, hoping to calm him.
Dean quickly shakes his head.
“Dean...it isn’t
“Especially after you
“What? What do you mean?”
“I...I think you should leave, Dean,” he murmurs.
directing his attention where Dean wants it. The angel glances up at him briefly, then presses a lingering kiss to the tip of Dean’s cock. Even though he knew it was going to happen, even though it’s what he’s been
“It still is. I haven’t seen it yet,” Cas assures him.
There’s a short pause as Sam goes through some of the grocery bags, likely showing Cas the ingredients.
“Yeah, I kinda caught that, Cas.”
doesn’t need to know about them. So instead, Sam enjoys his stir-fry in peace and quiet. No one talks to him, or complains to him, or does God-knows-what in front of him. It’s just...
He leans back against the headboard and turns his attention to the movie. A few minutes in, he glances over at Cas.
“Do you like it? It’s a bit shorter on top than I normally get, but it’ll grow out.”
he got a little creative.
“Wait...what do you mean ‘the
“Uh, yeah? What is it?”
Dean glances at himself, then at Cas, chuckling softly.
make it abundantly clear to him which direction you’re headed, because I am
Dean yawns loudly, stretching out on the bed. He’s slid so far down the headboard he’s practically laying down now, the covers drawn up to his chest. Cas sits beside him so that Dean’s shoulder gently presses against his side. Much to the angel’s delight, Dean doesn’t seem to mind physical contact like this. On Cas’s queen-sized bed, there’s not exactly a ton of room for them to both stretch out, so sitting with their shoulders or arms touching has become the norm. Even though he tries to content himself with this, Cas still wants to get closer to Dean. Sure, it’s nice when Dean’s sleepiness makes him lean up against Cas as the night goes on, but what the angel
Dean tells him. “You know that, right?”
“Nah. He
because he knows Dean wants him to. He grabs at Dean’s shoulders, breathing a little more heavily. Dean
I'm posting this chapter way too late at night to go get any, but now I really want donuts and coffee...
since I had an actual
The angel narrows his eyes, but decides to answer Dean’s question.
He knows it’s a book, but in the last fifteen minutes or so, he hasn’t gotten through more than a page or two. The book is now sitting on his nightstand, and Dean is laying down on his side next to Cas. Listening to Cas translate has practically put him to sleep. The angel doesn’t recite
too old for those girls.”
“It’s okay, it’s me,” Dean assures him, reaching out to place a hand on Cas’s shoulder.
I know he doesn’t
Dean hushes him softly.
Dean rubs the back of his neck, not quite meeting Sam’s eyes.
“Well, when people get older, their eyesight doesn’t always stay the same.”
Dean raises his hands in an indignant gesture.
journal back, and then, I’m gonna be in my room. Because
The hunter nods.
Also, hold on to your hats, because the next section will be up soon and in case you couldn't tell, things are about to get interesting...
“Yes,
he murmurs.
could have prepared him for what he was about to see.
“I...
“You know, it must be nice being an angel, your back probably never gets stiff after sitting on the bed all evening...That’s why I have a mattress topper, makes everything feel better.”
Dean sighs and has some more whiskey.
Cas smiles at him. He reaches a hand up and strokes Dean’s cheek. Dean leans into the touch. He still looks afraid, but he’s attentive, waiting for Cas to explain. Cas sighs softly.
And about how much he loves him, and how much he needs him, and how he can’t wait to spend every day for the rest of eternity at Dean’s side, no matter what form they’re in...
understand is how his vessel is
Dean snorts.
“In a good way,” Dean assures him.
He pulls Cas in for another kiss.
“Tell me about it,” he sighs. “You were right, Sammy. I...I should have listened to you.”
Cas gives him a knowing look.
“Yeah, I noticed.”
“Help yourself,” he tells Cas.
“No,” Dean says quickly. “I...I don’t care about that, Cas. I just care if you're okay.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Need a shower?” Cas inquires.
The older Winchester contemplates this.
“Because I might make it a bit of a challenge for you,” Dean adds.
“I mean...I’ll be feeling it for a while. But that
“I mean, I like what you’ve chosen so far. It’s just...you know, not my room.”
Thank you for reading! Not gonna lie, this was a ridiculously fun chapter to work on. I laughed, I cringed, and I really hope it was as amusing for you to read as it was for me to write.
the sightings
“Sam and I were just wondering about you, you don’t normally sleep in this late. Wanted to make sure you were alright.”
like this, but to Dean, he’s
one. Dean watches him for a moment, noticing how the angel’s cheeks seem to take on a bit of color. It’s interesting to think that Cas might be embarrassed by his own words, but then, the angel had never planned on someone else reading them. Dean clears his throat.
Sam gets to his feet.
“Cas,” Dean says timidly. “What’s going on?”
Until next time! :)
Dean freezes.
The angel looks at him with interest.
“I think we haven’t played pool in a while,” he replies.
like for Dean to know what going on. And quite frankly, if he doesn’t tell Dean now, there’s a good chance he won’t get the words out. While Cas knows that Dean has been rather...
Thanks again, and take care!  :)
variety, taking in the taste and feel of Cas’s mouth until they both have to break away for air. They stare at each other, panting.
Since Dean confessed to being sexually attracted to men—
He pauses for a moment, sipping some of his drink.
Cas is to do this for him. When he’s done massaging Dean’s back, Cas wraps his arms around Dean’s waist, and the two of them stand like that for a while under the hot water, Dean leaning back against Cas’s chest, and Cas pressing forward into him. At some point though—
Dean just barely manages to reach over him and turn off the alarm, then flick on his bedside lamp. Cas groans even louder and mumbles something against Dean’s chest, likely a complaint about being woken up so early in the morning. He wraps his arms around Dean’s waist a little tighter.
Dean blinks at him.
Dean’s thoughts are brought to a screeching halt when Cas suddenly places a hand on his arm.
“Then...you’re
“Are you...
Cas cups his face with one hand, stroking his cheek gently.
He rests his elbows on the table, leaning in towards his older brother.
the same age as he behaved, but Dean manages to do it. He’s had to carry a full-grown Sam once or twice in his life, so he can manage carrying Jack. Luckily, the nephilim doesn’t squirm in his arms, he simply leans against Dean’s chest and lets out a heavy sigh. Dean sets Jack down on his bed and goes through the motions of figuring out what scared him this time. After checking under the bed and inside the closet for demons, Dean finds an old camping lantern in the supply closet down the hall and sets it up in the corner of Jack’s room. He promises that they’ll get Jack a proper nightlight first thing in the morning, and ruffles his hair before returning back to his own room. When Dean enters his room, Cas is still sitting up in bed.
The afternoon passes lazily and stretches on into the night. Dinner is later than normal, not that anyone seems to mind. Sam volunteers to do dishes while Dean and Cas put the leftovers away. As Dean hands him the containers of food to put in the fridge, Cas lets their fingers brush against each other, delighting in the contact. Dean doesn’t seem to mind, in fact, he hardly seems to notice. Cas realizes then that he’s simply
“Well, for one thing, it means I finally know how I’m supposed to read this...And two...it’s very,
One morning, after months of Dean and Sam trying in vain to convince Cas that he should have a room at the bunker to call his own, instead of just spending his spare time wandering around the library or the war room, the angel finally caves. Surprisingly, he does it without a fight. As a matter of fact, he does it entirely unprompted.
telling me you’re still going to want to do that, and curl up in bed, and—and make out with me when I’m…”
“I know what birds are, Sam. Get on with it,” Dean snaps.
“Sam...I wish to apologize for last night. I didn’t mean to cause any trouble, it’s just that I couldn’t—”
The two brothers stare at each other for a long moment, until Dean finally looks away. Satisfied that he’s made his point, Sam gets to his feet, grabbing his plate.
“It’s not a zoo when people ask to go there, and they can leave at any time,” Chuck reminded him, “I’ll also have Angels tasked with cleaning up the planet; pulling plastic out of the ocean is a priority.”
“An extra layer of protection is always useful when Michael and Lucifer are having a tantrum,” Dean agreed.
“Charlie?” Sam laughed, “Wow! How have you been?”
Castiel sensed that Dean was concerned that Sam would react badly to their entwined fingers. He observed the subtle interactions between the brothers and saw the moment Dean relaxed. Eons of observing humans had not prepared him properly to interact with them; the years since rescuing Dean from Hell were far more instructive.
Dean watched Castiel bound in chains while the heavy weight in his chest expanded by the second. He silently sent up a prayer to Gabriel to get his feathery ass down here to save Castiel. Beside him, he was sure Sam was doing the same; though he was probably more polite about it.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“If you agree to leave Meg along, I will guarantee the Winchesters will not attempt to seal Hell,” Gabriel added.
“I doubt Gabriel will mention it; he would be reminded of the five Angels who died yesterday,” Castiel assured him sadly.
“Shut-up!” Lucifer hissed.
“Are you sure it’s not the vodka or whiskey talking?” Sam managed.
“I will,” Sam decided, “But not while Cas is in Faith.”
“Can’t I be both?”
“WHAT?”
Michael said with a hint of judgement.
Dean lifted the machete instinctively. Faith stared at him sheer terror in her eyes.
“I liked it,” Lucifer decided, “God treated Bartleby harshly for pointing out the obvious and didn’t show up until the whole Universe was in danger. That sounds about right.”
Gabriel had never seen Castiel so terrified; not even in the memories when Archangels tore him apart. She was waiting to die.
“When we’re hunting, you don’t miss a thing,” Sam teased, “But when you’re chasing skirt, you’re hopeless.”
Samandriel and Castiel regarded him with similar thoughtful expressions.
Gabriel flipped him off before continuing, “A female Dhampir bonds a group together, and chooses one male as her mate. Any other people she bites will want to remain close and are particularly affected by the Equinox.”
“Yes, though it was only a transfer of energy rather than the Grace itself, so it is a manageable level of pain,” Gabriel replied, “I should be back to full power by tomorrow.”
“That is regret, with a healthy portion of guilt,” Gabriel explained, “There are other emotions growing, but they’re not as strong, yet.”
Angels were revealing themselves and people were panicking. Thousands of people had prayed for help and been relocated to the islands Chuck had mentioned.
Dean was wrapped around Castiel. He had released Michael gratefully and cuddled up with his Angel while wearing a relaxed smile.
“What have you done now?” Dean asked with exasperation.
Lucifer’s expression made Gabriel want to ask if his brother was constipated. He buried the impulse quickly.
Dean flicked a few fingers to do the calculations mentally, “So she was nearly twenty-six. Or eighty-one, now.”
“We can change some points, but only after Castiel returns from Purgatory,” Chuck mused, “Unless you want to step up and take on Raphael?”
Same woke up the following morning wearing a fresh bite mark and a contented smile. Hearing that Lucifer ‘cared’ about him had stirred up some rather possessive instincts in Faith, and he had thoroughly enjoyed assuring her that the Devil was not a competitor for his affections.
Gabriel could feel the guilt wafting off the Winchesters like an invisible fog. He remained to make sure Samandriel was not wounded, but the prospect of watching the Winchester drama unfold was an quite tempting.
“Your soul clung to Lucifer’s Grace so tightly that it was ripped from your body. Lucifer held onto your soul, or course, but to be torn from your body like that, you wanted to remain with him.”
Sam didn’t look happy about the idea, “You want to help?”
“Go give him a hug,” Gabriel added.
“I believe so,” Castiel groaned.
“Will you kill me if I lose control?” she asked Dean directly.
For the first time in his life, Dean experienced the urge to kiss another man. His eyes flicked frown to the lips which originally belonged to Jimmy Novak.
“It was a regular Angel blade,” Lucifer grumbled, “If I really wanted to kill you, I would have manifested an Archangel blade.”
“Not that it’s anyone’s business, except theirs,” Dean interjected, “Come on; you’re missing the movie.”
Castiel slowly raised his head to regard Dean with a blank expression, “I am not injured.”
Dean conceded that Michael was correct; Lucifer was watching Sam more than the television, and Dean was suspicious as to his motives.
Red eyes flashed again, and Sam would have cringed away if his back wasn’t supported by the wall.
Faith felt rather left out, as she had no expertise in the supernatural to help check the collection for errors. She had read every page in the book on Dhampirs, except for the missing pages Gabriel had removed.
“I gave you eighteen months of memories,” he said to Sam, “Are you ready for another two years’ worth?”
“And God chose her for Sammy? He’s made some crazy choices in the past; I’m worried he has a monster-fetish or something,” Dean said thoughtfully.
“The more, the merrier,” Castiel said softly, her hand reaching to touch Faith’s arm.
Dean advised,
“Did you miss me?” Gabriel asked cheerfully.
Dean stared at the calm expression on the face the Angel was wearing, “So all the dick Angels were hiding behind a Grace-shield?”
“Damn, that’s better,” Dean sighed, releasing him quickly.
“I am Balthazar, and the Angel gazing at your brother with fascination is Castiel.”
“Can I speak to him?”
Chuck waved a hand dismissively, “He’s entertaining, most of the time. I’ve inadvertently put him through so much crap that I can forgive a little name-calling.”
Castiel met his eyes and managed a partial smile, “It seemed like the right thing to do.”
“Yet you assume I would object, when he stopped me from dooming all Angels?”
Chuck glanced between the two of them, “Until your bond is complete, it would be dangerous to hunt anything.”
Sam felt the room abruptly tip sideways. Gabriel helped him out of the chair and over to the closer bed. The Archangel stretched out on the other bed and patiently waited for Dean to finish in the bathroom. A mischievous smile crossed his face and a few moments later he could hear an angry voice swearing about the lack of hot water.
“He can be,” Cas agreed, “I suspect he is trying to give us some ‘alone’ time while I remain female.”
Michael said gently,
Castiel admitted that he was not sure how to interact with the Demon. He shared select memories of their interactions in the past and felt her amusement at their odd flirting.
“Just what we expected,” Dean assured him, “Michael is a lousy room-mate.”
“You could be lying,” Sam pointed out flatly.
“I will not attempt to end my life,” Castiel promised blandly.
With hindsight, Michael recognised key mistakes, such as letting Naomi and Zachariah have too much power and not enough oversight.
“The smart ones find a female friend to talk with,” Faith said with a smile, “And, luckily for you, I am volunteering to be that female friend.”
“I’m sorry, it’s just,” he sighed, clearly unable to complete the sentence.
Dean was immediately suspicious, “And what do you get out of that deal?”
Sam ignored the flash of anger from a foreign source at the back of his mind.
Lucifer’s steps slowed as he approached his Father. Though he was looking forward to the second chance he had been offered, he was also worried that he would screw it up.
Sam watched Lucifer furrow his eyebrows and look to Gabriel for clarification.
“Hell Gates?” Sam prompted.
“Same thing.”
“Feathers started changing colours,” Michael admitted, “Naomi’s are now a sickly-green shade. Others in the Intelligence unit were also affected, to a lesser degree.”
Dean was twisting the sheet with one hand. He had no idea how to react to a declaration of love from a freaking Angel of the freaking Lord.
“He is telling the truth,” Castiel confirmed, “He shared some memories of the future and his Grace has a small temporal disturbance.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Nice Batcave,” Meg said as she carefully stepped through the doorway.
“Are you hearing my thoughts?” Dean asked suspiciously.
Dean shrugged, “Okay, so far.”
“What would happen after we die?” Faith asked curiously.
“Who?” Gabriel wondered, as Luci barely spoke to anyone.
“Switching your vessel to a woman? He dropped some anvil hints about it.”
“No need,” Gabriel said calmly, “If you or Sam attempt the trials, I will kill you myself.”
Castiel had long ago accepted that watching Dean sleep unnerved the man. He was sure it was linked to the vulnerability of being unconscious, combined with the knowledge of the dangerous creatures in the world.
“Because of humans?”
“They are very unpredictable,” Castiel agreed.
Lucifer offered a hesitant smile, “Thanks.”
“The Winchesters, and Faith; who is a Dhampir.”
“What happened to the dinosaurs?” Dean demanded wildly.
The memories finally ended and Castiel regained control of his body. He opened his eyes and realised his vision was blurred with tears.
Dean was struck by a disturbing thought, “So, when I said they were beautiful, I was complementing your junk? Damn, Gabby will never let me live that down.”
Dean was having so much fun that he didn’t realize how draining the experience was for Cas until the Angel stumbled and dropped to his knees with a groan.
In the meantime, Dean acting as a vessel for Castiel could be very entertaining.
The pained expression on Sam’s face evoked a flash of guilt which Faith ignored. She watched the anger in Sam fuel the determination in his movements.
“Won’t they need vessels, then?” Dean inferred, “That’s not fair to people gullible enough to say ‘yes’ to being possessed by an Angel.”
Lucifer rolled his eyes, “Gad, you’ve just stated the obvious. I know it seems logical to explain everything to humans, but sometimes it’s better to let their puny brains figure things out.”
“Chuck,” Dean spluttered, “He needs -”
“That’s a convoluted way of wishing for your brother to be happy,” Cas pointed out.
“And never seek out Metatron,” Castiel added, “He is a manipulative bastard who wants to steal my Grace to kick the Angels out of Heaven.” A fourth bottle of alcohol quickly disappeared.
Gabriel regarded the two of them with growing surprise.
“You’re my brother, Luci. You taught me to fly, for Dad’s sake,” Gabriel said with exasperation, “Every part of my Grace is demanding I comfort you, because you’re hurting.”
“Or I could alter the Angel-Vessel dynamic in you two, in favour of the vessel. Once consent is given, the Vessel can overpower the Angel and isolate him at will.”
“You!” Dean realized, “You’ve been screwing with me all night!”
“I am drawing energy from you,” Castiel explained, “My Grace is reaching out to the piece in you.”
Lucifer ran one hand through the feathers and Gabriel was soon purring contentedly.
“I did not need that image,” Dean muttered as he accepted a cup of coffee Gabriel conjured from nowhere.
“Thank-you, brother,” Castiel said gravely.
“Of, you could choose to be reborn as a human,” Gabriel suggested.
“Sam suggested it,” Lucifer protested, “His first idea involved the winner sitting on the loser and posing for a photo.”
“Is that necessary?” Sam demanded, exactly as Dean had silently predicted.
Dean surged forward to grab Cas by the shoulder with his free hand, “Cas? Are you hurt? Cas, look at me!”
While Dean kicked the wall and yelled insults at Gabriel, Castiel was amused by the display. He was tempted to remind the Hunter that calling the Archangel a ‘psychotic Umpa-Lumpa’ would not convince Gabriel to reinstate the door.
“Crowley,” Castiel muttered darkly, “How did you get in here?”
“I like your style, boys,” Rowena offered with a smirk.
“I’m picking up Samandriel, as he has a mission to complete,” Chuck explained easily, “But I do have something else in mind.”
Gabriel was sitting at the table covered in the world map. He was clearly quite tense.
Chuck approved of Sam inheriting the power of an Archangel; he had suffered the impact of that power being abused, so he would be careful not to harm others.
“You dragged me out of Hell; she had no reason to bite Sammy!” Dean insisted, “Could you get off me, Cas?”
Gadreel was alarmed by the idea, but Lucifer only rolled his eyes.
Michael’s expression reverted to confusion, “We are sharing a body; you must realize that there is no stick lodged in any orifice.”
Gabriel sensed Faith only when she had travelled far enough from the Nephilim to escape her radius of influence. He had always been curious about Nephilim, as each one seemed to have a different set of abilities. This one generated a circle of power which hid her presence from all Angels. Without the knowledge from the future, he would never have found her.
Faith caught his hand while he smiled at her sleepily. His hair was a complete mess.
“I should have helped Castiel when Raphael was trying to restart the Apocalypse,” Gabriel admitted, “Because I remained in hiding, you two ended up in Purgatory.”
Gabriel grinned, “I thought you’d be curious about your heroic death, saving your friends; Sam and Dean Winchester.”
“I doubt Jane wants to join a Flock, but I will stand, and possible die, with you,” Balthazar offered.
Adam pulled back and nodded, “Yes. I want to say thank-you for protecting me.”
Lucifer was hit by a wave of nausea and disorientation. He leaned against Gadreel and tried not to vomit.
“I could, but Castiel needs to learn how to cope from you. If he is first bitten, he will take great care to control the thirst when he is driving your body,” Gabriel explained.
“Is that the ‘profound bond’ you mentioned?” Dean asked, “And why you answer my prayers more than Sam’s? Did saving me taint you like that Angel claimed?”
“Why was I manipulated into releasing him?” Sam asked bluntly.
“When did that happen to you?” Balthazar asked suspiciously.
“He’s right, Sam,” Faith argued, drawing his attention back to the woman who was as tall as his shoulder, “I bit Joe. I don’t want to risk hitting an artery.”
“It doesn’t matter; Sam hates me,” Lucifer retorted flatly, “Everyone hates me, thanks to the slander Heaven spread about me.”
“Then, I quit,” Dean said simply, “Chuck can kill whoever he likes, and I will sit on my ass and drink beer.”
They had all agreed that movies about a post-Apocalyptic Earth were too annoying while it was reflected outside. Sam waited expectantly, having deciphered the expression on Balthazar’s face.
Gabriel shook his head knowingly, “That’s just it; six years from now they’re still living in denial. Dean buries any thoughts of Castiel under a banner of ‘we’re just friends’ and Castiel is resigned to never being happy.”
Gabriel knew there was much more going on within the mind of Sam Winchester than the single syllable uttered.
“Her name is Faith,” Dean interjected, “And she’s none of your business.”
“I’ll make toast,” Dean muttered, “Bloody Angels.”
All mirth dropped from Gabriel’s face, “Father did not mention the Cage, and I did not ask.”
“Is that a giant column of light, or am I having a stroke?” Dean asked aloud.
“I want to save you, so you don’t get murdered in a few months,” Faith said honestly.
“I only accepted to repay Gabriel for saving my life,” Castiel said blandly to Dean, “I have no interest in having a slave or a Pet.”
“Have breakfast,” Chuck advised, “Sharing a meal with family is always a worthwhile activity.”
Lucifer stared at the Hunter with wide eyes, “Michael really suggested that?”
“I’ve made toast,” Dean offered, “Try these and tell me which you like.”
Sam nodded miserably, while his body cursed his stupidity. For a moment, he longed for the time when he had no soul.
“It was great,” Dean admitted, “Though a door out of here would be even better.”
Michael observed.
“Why do you keep trying to guide me to strange sites?” Castiel asked with exasperation, “You must realize I’ve ignored every suggestion.”
“Tell your brother he has a potty-mouth,” Gabriel declared, “Castiel wasn’t being cooperative, so the memory transfer was rougher than it should have been. Faith has tucked him into bed while he adjusts.”
“Yep!” Dean confirmed glibly.
Sam admired the way Faith handled the panic attack. She accepted what was happening, dealt with it, and then moved on. She looked breakable, but underneath there was a will of iron.
“I’m tempted to let Gabriel give me the memories offered, but I don’t trust him,” Jane admitted.
sorry,” Chuck clarified, “And I hope you can forgive me, even if most versions of you cannot.”
“What do we say if someone does fly in and spot our guests?” Balthazar persisted.
Castiel could sense the apprehension growing in Dean; he feared the memories which would be unavoidable while they meditated.
“Dean doesn’t want to leave you alone with me,” Faith summarised as she found a comfortable skirt and blouse, “And he’s right. You both smell interesting, but Sam, there’s something in your blood which makes my fangs itch.”
“Was Faith given all six years, or just pieces?” Sam asked quietly.
The pity-party was annoying, and Gabriel was bored of it already.
“What the fuck is that?” Dean demanded abruptly. He reached out to yank on Sam’s sleeve to expose a second puncture wound.
Dean felt Cas move his hand from his neck down to his shoulder. As the firm fingers trailed down to his chest, Dean opened his eyes.
“So far, I have not noticed any significant difference,” Castiel replied thoughtfully.
Even though Sam didn’t need to eat, he isolated the Grace in his mind so he could enjoy the taste. Lucifer was immediately enthralled by the sensation. The pizza that Gabriel provided came in a variety of flavours, and he wanted to try every single one.
“Cas, no!” Dean cried.
“Sleeping is disturbing,” Castiel intoned thoughtfully, “Losing control and losing the ability to think properly while drunk was bad enough. Knowing it will happen again fills me with dread.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Lucifer was equally relieved and irritated when Sam entered the box and settled into a seated position across from him.
Dean asked.
The woman appeared to be speechless for a few moments, which made Gabriel laugh.
“Through our bond,” Castiel explained quietly, “To anyone else, they don’t exist.”
Faith shifted so she was sitting in Sam’s lap so she could wrap her arms around him properly. It worked quite well due to their height difference. She remained there contentedly and savoured his unique scent until she heard Jane’s voice outside the bunker. She couldn’t make out any words or tone.
“When will he wakeup?” Sam asked, “Is he trapped in a nightmare, or something?”
“Will Sam be in any danger if his soul is bound to Faith’s?” Dean asked.
“Maybe tomorrow.”
Dean groaned, “Why?”
Castiel paused in his restless movements, “You’re hungry?”
Dean was accustomed to waking quickly; life experience had instilled the lesson firmly when he was young. He rarely slept next to anyone, so the warmth of a sleeping body tucked under his arm should have sent him reeling out of bed.
Gabriel wanted to chuckle at the way Dean was so wrapped up in the Angel and was so determined to believe the feelings were platonic.
“Can you describe it?”
“Sam said he misses jogging,” Dean joked.
Crowley smirked and raised his cup in the direction of the Hunter, “Good morning, Squirrel.”
“How are you at foot rubs?”
“Did you or Sam suffer any injury?”
“I’ll have to add Mike and Luci to the wards,” Gabriel warned, “Unless you like living rough while they’re aboard?”
“Castiel? Are you fully awake this time?” she wondered aloud.
“Thank-you for answering,” Castiel managed, annoyed that he couldn’t hide the human reaction when an Angel appeared abruptly.
“I’m not little,” Samandriel insisted, “And I’m billions of years old, so corrupting me seems unlikely.”
Dean fought the urge to slap his brother over the back of the head for being such a pushover.
“Archangels are monumentally messed up,” Lucifer corrected, “That brand of crazy leaves a mark on entire bloodlines.”
“Where, exactly?” Gabriel asked pleasantly.
“Why?” Castiel wondered.
“I agree,” the Angel said sadly, “My name is Castiel.”
“Damn right,” Cas agreed roughly, putting enough pressure on Dean to make him lean backwards.
Dean wasn’t anticipating trouble from one woman, even if she had full Vampire strength, “Read away. I’ll grab the machete, just in case.”
Castiel rolled his eyes, “I have no secrets.”
Sam watched with a mixture of horror and fascination as Chuck calmly slit Lucifer’s throat.
Asmodeus shrieked with rage as the woman grabbed him by the shoulder and sank her teeth into his neck.
“What do you need luck for?”
“Crowley,” Dean grumbled, “I wouldn’t object if you wanted to kill him.”
“Never force memories on anyone!” Jane growled.
“Humans are sexual creatures; it’s not surprising that the domination of a Grace-soul bond would be interpreted as rape by a human mind.”
Lucifer was more interested in Sam’s reaction, because there wasn’t one. The Hunter had moved beyond caring and beyond fighting.
“Watch your mouth, Michael,” Castiel spat, “I’m the only one who has actually killed an Archangel. You make me want to add to that total.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“True,” Sam agreed, “But he’s usually right; so, talk.”
“Are you hungry?” Gabriel asked Adam, “These two are in ‘over-protective big-brother’ mode, so food might be the only way to pry them away for a few minutes.”
“Cutting your wings off would render you mortal – Naomi doesn’t want that.”
The two Hunters stared at the Archangel as they struggled to process the information.
“I don’t know,” Castiel replied thoughtfully, “Lucifer is suffering.”
Castiel returned to his favourite hobby; watching Dean. The memories Gabriel had provided allowed him to appreciate food and understand why burgers made Dean smile. The mood change was also welcomed.
“Quit cockblocking, you Angelic asshat!” Dean growled.
“God came back when his sister was wreaking havoc. By the time Apocalypse number three was nigh, he knew something had to be done,” Gabriel explained.
“I will follow your lead until knowledge of this plan becomes available.”
“Don’t be a dick, Gabby,” Dean hissed.
“I accept your generous offer,” Castiel replied with a painful flinch.
“No; they’re kind of see-through. Is that bad?”
“And lastly, my second son, Samael; often known as Lucifer.”
Gabriel shrugged, “No idea. Raph was always a dick – only Michael could control him.”
Sam returned from his shower with news about a games room which had been empty the previous day.
“Pretty close,” Sam admitted wearily, “A hallucination of you wouldn’t leave me alone, preventing me from sleeping.”
Faith shifted her body around to face the former Angel. Her eyes were drawn to the glowing blue pendant around his neck.
“And he’d be a lesbian. God warned me not to alter the physical sex of your vessel while you’re depressed; something about hormones,” Gabriel prattled, “You’d also struggle in a female vessel without a human soul in there to help you cope.”
“I have some stuff for you,” Dean redirected, “Gabriel said your clothes are clean, so you can wear them again.”
“Dean has a singular talent for attracting trouble,” Michael agreed, “He is teaching me about humanity, so I can help to manage closer ties with Angels.”
“If Castiel does choose to reabsorb his Grace, you would be a suitable vessel for him, if needed.”
She was happy for Faith and Sam, and envious that she had not found her own soulmate. For over forty years, she had been seeing souls, and none sparkled brightly enough to distinguish it from the rest.
“No; that’s Number Four.”
“This is new,” Dean noted with a cocky grin as Cas settled on his thighs, leaving enough room between their bodies to make eye contact.
“I love you, Cas,” Dean whispered, “And I need to know if it’s because you’re my best friend, or something more.”
“Guest?” Sam prompted.
Gabriel shrugged, “More than I ever have been.”
“Thank-you,” Samandriel murmured before he nuzzled Castiel under the chin.
“He has been since I arrived,” Gabriel explained sagely.
Sam lowered her into the chair regretfully. Dean secured the wall-chain to the handcuffs and pocketed the key.
“But, it’s still bright?” Sam recalled.
“Oh, I am,” Faith teased, “Having to move across two rooms to say hi is such a challenge for an Archangel.”
She sat down at the large table with the book. Dean sat across from her staring at a small device in his hand. A short conversation identified the item as a mobile telephone.
Castiel gritted his teeth and squeezed his eyes shut a moment before the pain lanced through him. He couldn’t hold back the agonised scream which tore from his throat when she ripped out one of his feathers. His wings trembled but did not fold.
“Exactly,” Sam agreed, “Death summed it up so well by calling him a child having a temper tantrum.”
“I do not understand the humour of the situation,” Gadreel admitted.
Faith shrugged, “Something powerful has a definite claim on you. Sam doesn’t have that.”
Sam was thinking hard enough to give himself new wrinkles, “But if the past has changed, doesn’t the future change, so you don’t exist to go back in time in the first place?”
“How sweet,” Meg cooed, “Dean, if you don’t jump this Angel, I will.”
“That was when Zachariah became critical of my attitude toward you,” Castiel added.
“Probably not,” Sam admitted before addressing Lucifer, “But if you’re honest from the outset, I will trust you eventually.”
“Listen to Fang-girl,” Dean advised smugly.
A knock at the door interrupted her enjoyment of the hot water.
Due to his awful sleeping patterns, Lucifer stretched out on the lounge in the early afternoon for some rest.
Chuck timed his arrival in the bunker to coincide with the evening meal; mortals were always more cooperative when they had full stomachs and this rule seemed to apply to Angels who indulged their taste buds, too.
Gabriel appeared from no-where with his hands raised in front of him.
“Yep; he’s locked up in a box, reliving every Angel interaction I could find,” Dean said with a cocky smile, “It’s time he found out how dicks like Zachariah treated us.”
“Adding poison to sweet drinks makes no sense,” Michael argued, “Do you know how many humans have died experimenting with this substance?”
“Some, probably,” Sam admitted.
Matthias dropped the feather on the ground in front of Castiel.
“No, you won’t. I’ll stick it to their forehead if anyone tries to threaten you.”
“Ready to go home?” Gabriel asked the Winchesters.
Gabriel rarely experienced envy, so it took him a few moments to recognise the ache in his chest.
“We’re lab rats,” Dean realized, “Why? You’re God, don’t you already know everything?”
“I’m not sure,” Samandriel admitted, “I am attuned to his emotions, so I am certain he is not distressed.”
Venting emotions simply to reduce their power had been an important lesson. The Angel could easily recall a moment when he had been similarly enthralled by anger; in the alley when he had beaten Dean to the ground for trying to say ‘yes’ to Michael. He still felt a pang of guilt when he recalled kicking Dean into the chain-link fence; not just for the pain he had inflicted, but because he had enjoyed the adrenalin of the moment.
“We all do,” Dean agreed, “But better him in charge of Hell than someone worse.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Like Dean, Sam wouldn’t believe that the bare-chested snuggling was for his own benefit. He realized that he was wearing only some satin boxer shorts and tried to retreat. The onset of symptoms sent him back into the feathery embrace of a smug Balthazar.
“I have healed what I can,” Gadreel said solemnly, “The blood loss was nearly fatal; he needs to rest so his body can produce more.”
“Gabe, are you always this annoying when you’re bored?” Faith asked with a sigh.
“Sure. They’re impressive, but from the way the psycho lady was talking, they’re private? I didn’t really get it,” Dean admitted.
Two Lucifer’s, in Nick’s form, were facing off with identical snarls of fury.
Angel blades glinted in the hands of Demons eager for blood.
Dean watched Cas fold the beige coat and place it carefully on top of the chest of drawers. Thoughts of the black underwear kept him aroused enough to remain in bed with a firm grip on the blankets.
Gabriel smirked, his eyes fixed on the television screen,
“Just when I thought our lives couldn’t get any stranger,” Dean mused, “Lucifer decides he likes Vegemite.”
“Human? How?”
“I haven’t opened the box to speak to him yet,” Sam admitted.
“Yes,” Castiel replied softly, dropping his gaze to the pillow.
A blue glow in her eyes indicated Cas had taken control. Dean was startled by the wave of relief he felt when Faith abruptly sat up.
Gabriel disappeared with the Winchesters; his solemn face remaining in Adam’s thoughts after they were gone.
“Get over here and talk to him,” Gabriel ordered. A chair appeared next to the bed, so Dean lowered himself into it obediently.
“The best metaphor would be that Castiel cut out his own heart and used it to heal Dean. Now, Castiel is empty if he is not close to his heart.”
Dean recalled the Angel, though the meeting was dominated by Hester being killed before she could strike Cas with a fatal blow.
The hunter glances up at him with what nearly looks like a deer-in-the-headlights expression.
“Come on, Dean. I’ve lived with the two of you for how long now? And I’ve lived with
to get something for you...If you don’t like it though, Cas, I can take it down. I promise it won’t hurt my feelings.”
okay with Dean, but sadly, that doesn’t even
he murmurs.
I did this, by the way,” he says firmly, attempting to maintain his usual, rugged exterior.
The angel then walks over and slides onto the bed. He lays down as if he were going to take a nap, pulling a pillow under his head. He then pats the bed beside him, encouraging Dean to do the same. Dean slips off his shoes and socks, then scoots himself fully onto the bed, stretching out on his back. Cas adjusts the other pillow so Dean can use it and they both lay there for a while, admiring the newest addition to Cas’s room.
“About my
The younger Winchester clears his throat.
Sam had told him a thousand and one times that they needed to redo the electrical wiring in the bunker. They relied
in the way he looks at Dean. A heat Dean would
Cas doesn’t know how to respond to that. Dean leans in even further, drawing close enough that Cas can feel the hunter’s hot breath against the side of his neck.
Dean gasps, dropping his fork onto his plate as if
have to write about? I mean, you said it yourself that whatever’s in here has to be
“Don’t worry, they’ll show more episodes tomorrow night. Or, you can stay up and keep watching without me.”
“Just my suit, I think.”
“Somehow, you always manage to get dirty whenever you spend time out here.”
“It’s okay, Cas,” he says quietly. “What does your book look like?”
“You used your angel mojo to lock my door?”
“Dean,” Cas says softly.
Dean nods his understanding. With that, Sam heads out of the kitchen, leaving Dean alone.
“Yes, Dean?”
” he cries. “Cas, wait!”
he scolds himself.
Cas moans at that. Almost instantly, his thrusts become harder, and his grip on Dean’s cock becomes firmer. His free hand slides behind Dean’s head, and Cas grabs a fistful of his hair, using it to yank Dean’s head back. Dean yelps, but Cas doesn’t stop.
The angel ducks his head.
“Would you like to do the honors?” he asks.
“I’m not going
That’s not
“You put the moves on him?” Sam asks, raising an eyebrow.
to. Cas doesn’t need to shower either, but that doesn’t stop him from steaming up the bathroom every morning. The angel likes showers, despite the fact that he never really seems to get dirty. They’ve just become a part of his morning routine, along with kissing Dean when he first wakes up, or putting cream in his coffee at breakfast.
They get it cleaned up and situate a queen-sized bed frame and mattress along the center of the back wall for Cas. It isn’t the most luxurious bed, but it’s certainly nicer than some of the motels they’ve stayed in. There’s a small closet in the corner for Cas to put his things in and Dean offers to move in an old dresser if Cas thinks he needs more storage space. Sam goes to inspect what spare sheets they have lying around and when he returns, he shares the news that it’s probably a better idea if they just get some new ones. He turns to Cas.
Cas nods his agreement, giving Dean an awkward look, and they both settle into bed. They lay next to each other, but don’t get as close as they normally do, too afraid of getting worked up and having Jack walk in on them again. Cas turns off the light and Dean exhales slowly. He rolls onto his side, facing Cas as he silently processes everything that happened. As Dean slowly drifts off into sleep, he assures himself that this is just one night out of many.
important piece of information: Cas is
at that. Cas gives him an amused look, then starts guiding Dean’s hand towards his cock. Dean’s fingers wrap around him, and he starts to stroke Cas gently, slicking him up. The angel lets out a deep sigh, his hands running along the sides of Dean’s thighs. Dean doesn’t strictly
didn’t dry that well when you got out of the shower,” Dean adds.
interested in that kind of an age gap,” he tells Dean.
“Yes,” Cas replies. “Is that okay?”
“Dean, it’s okay. It’s not like either of us have exactly dealt with this before,” Sam assures him. “Besides, I’ve actually had the time to come up with a theory about Cas.”
“Yeah, it was just sitting along with all the files on his desk.”
“Isn’t that usually something people want?” Cas asks.
His younger brother glances around for a moment, like he’s worried they’re being watched, then leans in.
When seven o’clock rolls around, Sam and Dean officially start their day. Sam’s already had breakfast and Dean is on his third cup of coffee. They chat for a while in the kitchen and Dean fries some bacon.
The angel shuffles over, wrapping his arms around Dean’s waist from behind, resting his chin on Dean’s shoulder. He mumbles something along the lines of “good morning” into Dean’s shirt and squeezes him a little tighter. A small smile plays at the hunter’s lips as he reaches a hand back to ruffle Cas’s hair, making it look even more wild than it already does. The angel presses a quick peck to the back of Dean’s neck and looks at him in the mirror.
Sam’s cheeks take on a bit of color at his own words.
Cas stares into his eyes intently for a long moment, trying to understand. Dean’s eyes dart around a little bit, moving from Cas’s lips, to his chest, then back up to his eyes.
Cas rumbles.
Cas takes a deep breath, calming himself. He hadn’t meant to stand so close to Dean, and by the time he realized his mistake, it was too late. Cas would have never anticipated that Dean would be so...
good sex life, if Dean does say so himself. The
“It’s
“H-Hello Sam,” he replies. “I…”
“Yeah, but...this is
He stops, his sleepy mind realizing something.
“Sorry,” Dean mumbles.
“This is
With that, he strides out of the kitchen, pausing when he reaches the doorway.
when Cas caught him, not a
“To a degree, yes,” he replies. “I still can’t get sick and mortal weapons still won’t be able to harm me.”
The angel is silent for a long moment.
Cas’s lips twitch into a small smile. He and Dean hold eye contact for a brief moment before he continues speaking.
“Did you...Did
important to him.”
Cas nearly rolls his eyes.
He turns and heads for the door.
“C-Cas?” Dean murmurs.
And...”
Enjoy!
Thank you so much for reading, like always, I really hope you enjoyed it!
is someone who makes you happy, and is someone you want, then I say go for it.”
“I know, Dean...but now, we have
“So,” he says, hoping to start a conversation. “How was the surprise? You give Cas his gift?”
to the angel, their sides pressed together as they eat.
“Yes, Dean?”
The power comes back on and Dean slowly adjusts to the sudden light that fills his room. He blinks, looking around, then sighs. Dean sits up and buries his face in his hands.
to him. If you like him,
he cares, when
Jack tilts his head.
Just as Dean is about to leave, he turns to Cas, an amused, sleepy smile on his face.
“Go have a seat,” Cas tells the older Winchester. “I’ll fix you a plate.”
“Hmm?” he hums, sleepily.
“Yeah,” he says, smiling at Cas. “Yeah, I’m fine.”
“Okay,” Cas agrees.
Cas suddenly lets out a nervous laugh. It’s a
grin.
Cas thinks.
Dean scratches the back of his neck nervously.
“But what?”
“I promise I’m not angry with you, Dean,” Cas assures him. “I think I understand what’s going on.”
“No...No, I kinda like it.”
Dean snaps his head back towards the desk.
There’s a beat of silence.
be okay.
“Dean? What were you doing under the covers?” the nephilim asks, tilting his head in a perfect imitation of the way Cas does when he’s confused.
Slowly, Dean does. Cas moves his hand up to cup Dean’s face, his thumb stroking Dean’s cheek.
of all days. He’d figured that Dean would end up with something more along the lines of a
“Hello Castiel,” Jack says happily
The traffic sucks, as it inevitably does on an interstate as popular as this. The Impala is crowded in on all sides by other cars as they all loop-de-loop over ribbons of road. The radio plays a song called “Cars”.
“Jerk,” Sam mutters, after almost a full minute of apparently resisting to do so, and Dean couldn’t be more pleased.
, just what Dean’s imaginary version of Cas had said in Dean’s dream. Except this time is different. The meaning is different. It’s
Sam, I
Dean still doesn’t really recall what he did in the Empty, but his face heats a bit at the thought—yeah, he did. He fought for Cas. Somehow. He just wishes he could remember.
Dean takes his shower, but only because he currently feels like crawling out of his skin, not even aware of the dirt and grime anymore.
Sam turns his head to study Dean more fully, eyebrows crumpled together, worried out of his mind.
“I did. Up to a point.” A slight frown on his lips, Dean consents to answering more questions, considers how to put this. “Almost everything that’s really happened to us—it had happened in the dream, too. It was basically like—what our lives would be like, right now, if everybody lived.”
, had been so much different then.
Back home. It’s been days and days and days and days.
.” Which doesn’t really make much sense, once he’s said it, but he couldn’t care less.
that. He gestures uncomprehendingly around at the walls, as if the messy sigils still surround them rather than bulbous teal flowers.
“Ouch. Dammit,” Dean mutters to himself, petulantly, rubbing his wrist. Actually, now that he’s started, the other wrist seems a little sore, too.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about, okay? You keep doing this—you keep doing this, man, and it’s dangerous,” Dean says, gesturing vaguely, spiraling into something he didn’t expect and can’t stop. There’s panic in his voice. “And we’re in the middle of a goddamn hunt right now, and I can’t have this conversation, because we never talked about it, and if you do this then we’re gonna have to talk about it—”
They pass everything back and forth in front of the gas station, bottles of Coke and water, packets of whiskey- and teriyaki-flavored jerky, and those snacks you find more often in the south, like moon pies and pork rinds. He’d given Cas that mission, an initiation rite of road trips, rattling off his snack requests before sending Cas into the convenience store with a handful of bills. (“Look for the teriyaki ones,” he’d told Cas. When Cas took initiative, returning with not only that but also
Two guns were pointing at the man who sauntered into view.
Gabriel savoured a glass of wine while Castiel continued to drown his liver.
“My survival needs to be kept a secret a bit longer,” Gabriel argued.
“He can be,” Castiel agreed, “Though his motives are rarely malicious.”
Michael had reviewed the selected memories right through to Dean arriving at Stanford when the flare of power tingled along his Grace.
“Good morning, Cas,” Dean chuckled, “I’m more comfortable with your male vessel than I expected.”
A lacy black thong hung from his index finger.
Adam smiled at the Angel and his oddly polite phrasing.
Dean groaned, “Bitchface Number One.”
Gabriel sighed, “He’s telling you not to judge by first impressions.”
Gabriel chuckled aloud, knowing he could never reveal that the ‘denim-wrapped nightmares’ unnerved Crowley to the point of paranoia. After thoroughly annoying Dean and Castiel, he bid the Archangel farewell.
Gabriel grinned, “A Demon with a crush on Castiel. Her presence will complicate things, but it should be entertaining.”
“Pancakes?” Samandriel suggested hopefully, “You did promise to teach me how to taste through my vessel.”
“In a sense; there are different types of soul-bonds,” Gabriel explained, “You are correct; the three of you are connected closely enough that all of you need to choose this together.”
“Because they’re my friends, and my Flock. For the first time since I left Heaven, I’m not lonely anymore. Who knows, when Faith is emitting orgy hormones, I might even get to have a threesome with her and Sam.”
Five days had passed since the memory transfer. As midnight approached, only Faith and Castiel remained awake. Gabriel had plans for Castiel, and Jane’s stipulation regarding honestly was not something he had experience with.
When the Winchesters were off investigating another warded area, Lucifer remained in the bunker with Gadreel. Kevin was present somewhere, avoiding Angels and mortals alike.
“I’m never a pain in the ass,” Gabriel argued haughtily, “Literally or metaphorically. None of my lovers have ever complained.”
“Castiel, do you want my honest opinion?” Faith asked bluntly.
Gabriel patted his brother on the shoulder, “Not the best plan, but not the worst you’ve ever had.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Even then,” Dean confirmed.
“You should be fine,” Gabriel assured her, “You share the same bloodline as Castiel’s current vessel.”
Samandriel’s absence hung heavily over the Angels.
Jack nodded, “She is enjoying watching me work, without having to participate.”
“Another soul hickey?”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Gabriel appeared behind the couch with his trademark grin, “So all Angels know Dean has the celestial equivalent of a hickey on his soul.”
Castiel heard the echo of laughter from the Archangel,
“She was born before you,” Castiel offered, “Dean seems to think that matters.”
A definite blush raced up Dean’s neck, “Gabriel is an idiot.”
“Homosexuality was never a sin,” Chuck said with a huff, “Clearly, it needed to be more widespread to limit the population.”
“Or caring about a human more than the mission,” Gabriel added, with a significant glance at Dean.
Dean sat down heavily on the end of the bed, “And now?”
“You are full of shit,” Dean decided.
“Lucifer could not stop you from feeling his emotions and was shocked when you tried to comfort him,” Chuck added with a sad smile.
Cas sent in reply.
The fake smile turned rather evil, “I have over fifty years of television and movies to catch up on. If you don’t behave, I’ll make sure you see every chick-flick in existence and have to watch the most effective ones while my period is messing with my hormones. I’ll read the Bible and watch every show which depicts you; including cartoons. After that, I’ll get creative.”
Gabriel had summoned a huge serving of ice-cream so he could participate in the meal. He loved how entertaining the humans were, and Castiel was clueless. If Dean was any more obvious, he’d be ordering flowers.
“Calm down, Boofhead,” Gabriel sighed, “Your precious Castiel will be fine. I had to give him enough knowledge to avoid the Angel tablet disaster – he probably fainted when he got the memory of beating the crap out of you. He’s always been too damn trusting; it’s time he grew up.”
“Too bad!” Gabriel replied cheerfully, “Jane and Balthazar are even more nauseating than Castiel and your brother. I’m going to take Linda shopping this afternoon. If I bring Meg back with me, you’re not allowed to stab her.”
“There’s not enough time,” Castiel said quietly, “With the time difference, people will start receiving the mark within hours in some parts of the world.”
“For disobedience, like questioning orders,” Castiel explained softly.
“I rescued Meg, and she found the Angel tablet,” Gabriel revealed, “She is in a safe house. She is eager to come here, but Kevin is the priority.”
Her flushed face peered down at him intently, “It’s not blood I’m craving.”
“Yes, Cas, going ‘commando’ would be worse,” Dean explained patiently.
“Thanks. Gabby talks too much, but he makes a pretty good ‘Alfred’,” Dean joked.
Castiel refrained from pointing out how silly the conversation was. Instead, he silently prayed to Balthazar for forgiveness. He had sent such a prayer repeatedly since his friend had been resurrected, though not when he could observe Balthazar’s reaction.
“What’s a call centre?” Samandriel wondered.
“As would I,” Chuck added, “So, in a screwed-up way, you saved lives. With all those Leviathan in your system, I’m surprised the death toll wasn’t higher.”
“This is getting repetitive,” Gabriel pointed out.
“I’ve been ‘at risk’ for years,” Castiel said as he turned back to face Dean, “You just enjoy teasing us.”
“That would be prudent,” Castiel agreed.
Faith replied shakily,
“Why would he do that?” there was a plea in Balthazar’s voice which prompted Gabriel to flex his invisible wing around him.
Meg sighed, “No, thanks. I know I deserve to suffer.”
“This is my eldest son, Michael; in his True Vessel, Dean,” Chuck introduced cheerfully.
The Dhampir was quite unexpected. Jane could sense the honesty in the women and felt compelled to hear her out.
“So, we let him kidnap Kevin again? Torture him and his mother?” Sam demanded.
“He’s
“We should look into the Angel-banishing sigils,” Faith said deviously.
“No, thank-you,” Meg replied, her eyes on the unknown woman.
“No!” Dean snapped, “You’re not offering yourself up as a snack because you have shitty taste in women.”
Faith was still deeply suspicious of the man who claimed to be an Angel, but he had just saved her life. She hesitantly tucked her hand into the crook of his elbow and offered a nervous smile.
A knock at the bathroom door was a welcome reprieve from the depressing conversation.
“Why rush it?” Lucifer asked rhetorically, “We know what he’s going to say; ‘I was doing my duty, blah, blah, blah; I don’t regret locking you away for thousands of years of torture; blah blah’.”
“The lack of demonic energy suits you,” Gabriel continued, “Your soul is beautiful.”
“I’ve always been drawn to Dean,” Castiel admitted quietly, “Something began on the day he was born, though I didn’t understand what it was until I retrieved his soul from Hell.”
Sam sat up abruptly, clinging to the idea. He was often worried that his ability to differentiate between reality and fantasy was irreversibly damaged. If there was a tiny chance this was not real, he was taking it.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“The transition from Angel to human is awful. He was borderline suicidal with guilt before he insisted on removing his Grace,” Gabriel explained quietly, “I fear my arrival has sped up his slow death.”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Wait!” Faith cried, “I smell oil.”
“Here, take these,” Dean handed over some aspirin and a glass of water.
“Who was your grandfather?” Faith asked suspiciously.
“Should Sam and Faith be here for the next crisis?” Gabriel asked blandly, “I would snap them here, but Sam is in the shower and Faith is still asleep.”
Castiel felt one side of his mouth twitch upwards, “Good. If I could summon the energy to care, I would try to hit you, too.”
Gabriel seemed happy with that answer, “Good. Castiel brings out the protective instincts when he’s hurting; I wasn’t sure if you were immune.”
The kiss Dean pressed against her lips was soft and teasing. Castiel let her instincts guide her hand to clutch the back of his neck to keep him close.
“I’d like your permission to view the memories Gabriel spoke about,” Sam stated, “He can be an ass, but he usually knows what he’s talking about.”
“What are cooties?” Castiel asked seriously.
“Somehow, that makes me feel better about all the crappy decisions I’ve made,” Sam realized.
“Later,” Castiel said shortly.
Jane returned to the book on Nephilim and told herself to be patient.
an idiot,” Dean snapped. Even from his position lying flat on his back, the fury in his expression was clear.
“What are you doing?” Lucifer demanded, frantically trying to push the Hunter away and retain the warmth of his power.
Gabriel could sense how hurt his brother was, and it was obvious to everyone else in his expression and posture.
Sam kept his eyes away from Lucifer, “At least you’re talking to me now.”
“No. You are in pain and I want to either help or offer alcohol,” Gabriel held out the glass of wine hopefully.
Castiel wanted to believe his brother, but he doubted his own worth.
Samandriel relaxed, “Good.”
“Gabriel’s soul-mate theory,” Dean said uncomfortably.
“Will not be going ahead; that will be part of the negotiations.”
Lucifer perched on the arm of the lounge, frowning at the screen, “Don’t sound so shocked, brother; Father invented lying.”
“Yep; we all have flaws and get to make choices,” Gabriel surmised, “I’m curious to see if you’re going to finally grow up, or if you’re going to blame everyone else for your choices.”
“Rest, Castiel,” Gabriel said gently, “Dean and I will watch over you.”
Gabriel laughed, “I’m proud of you brother; snark suits you.”
“My consciousness is going to be sent back in time,” Lucifer explained slowly, “I already have Grace where I’m going, so the Grace in this timeline will dissipate into the Universe unless I find a worthy host.”
“I feel the same about the possibility of your death,” Castiel pointed out, “I fear that if you make any plans against Chuck, he will return the memories of Hell I erased to keep you sane.”
“Gabriel; your humour always keeps things interesting,” Chuck observed, “Hold onto it while your brothers are getting settled.”
“It’s good to see you, Dean,” Benny returned with a smile, “I wanted to make sure you and your brother were still alive; I should never have doubted you.”
Faith found Sam near the garage. She jumped into his arms with a squeal of happiness.
“That’s the plan,” Dean confirmed grimly.
“Dean is relieved that he can still cross the wards,” Gabriel chuckled, “Michael is in for a show if there are creatures in there.”
Sam watched his friend angle his head away, refusing to look at Dean. Matthias turned to Dean, who was glaring at her.
Meg grinned, “You were in Dean? Everyone saw that coming. Is his brain as kinky as expected?”
“I brought you to your ideal mate, so quit glaring at me like I kicked your puppy,” Gabriel said to Sam, who felt the burn of blush flare up his neck and into his cheeks.
“What excuse?” Dean scoffed.
Gabriel used his Grace to push down the anger and lingering shame associated with Asmodeus. He kept his attention on Dean, who shifted straight into protective big-brother mode at the sight of Adam.
Lucifer heard a strange noise coming from his stomach. The odd ache in his abdomen had been easy to ignore before Gabriel provided an abundance of food.
“In that other timeline, when I finally stopped running, I died,” Gabriel revealed, “My existence amounted to nothing.”
“Let him have some space,” Faith instructed firmly, “No-one can comfort him right now.”
Gabriel assured him,
“Your soul is pure,” Cas replied, his eyes fixed on the ceiling, “Scarred from Hell, but free of demonic taint.”
Gabriel crossed his arms over his chest, “Then, I give permission for Dean and Sam to host Michael and Lucifer respectively.”
“Yes, she could be. We have to check!”
“I want to finish my pancakes first.”
“What are you?” Faith asked with a trembling voice.
Cas closed her eyes and drew in a deep breath. As she exhaled, Faith was back in control.
“You like being her bitch, don’t you, Sammy?” Dean teased scathingly.
“I’ll go get Sam; he’ll whine if he misses out on pancakes,” Dean said with a smile.
“I don’t see any advantage in skirting the issue,” Castiel agreed.
Faith hissed an affirmative reply into his hair. She felt his arms shift to indicate he had to put her down.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Samandriel carried the unconscious human down the stairs and through the bunker carefully. The empty bedroom Sam chose was acceptable, so he gently deposited Adam on the bed.
The glowing Grace transfer faded, and Gabriel glanced over at Dean. His eyes fell to the hand gripping his shoulder. The Archangel raised one eyebrow, as though pointing out something obvious.
“What was that?” Jane prompted.
Gabriel advised,
“How do we make sure he avoids horny Reapers?” Sam asked with the edge of a smile.
Gabriel surged into action, picking up both of his siblings and taking them to the huge lounge.
“Now, ask why Sam just wished him ‘good luck’!” Gabriel chortled.
“Well, humans can only imagine,” Faith offered, “Unless you’re Dean.”
Faith slowly raised her head, “Your hearts are loud,” she complained.
“Dare I ask?” Sam wondered as he settled in behind Faith.
“What are you on about, Sammy?” Dean asked with a disapproving frown, “We’re staying right here until he wakes up.”
“Yes,” Jane replied, “We are hoping Gabriel will protect me from any Angel who thinks I need to die for being an ‘abomination’.”
“We’ll make it a deal,” Gabriel suggested, “If Crowley wants the tablet, he has to release Bobby Singer from Hell.”
“Nothing wrong with Winchester genetics,” Dean argued.
“Go, Sammy,” Dean said approvingly, “Should I try that with Michael?”
“Last chance to change your mind,” Castiel warned.
“I asked Chuck about my time in the Cage,” Sam said with a frown, “Most of the damage to my soul occurred after you retrieved my body because Lucifer wrapped it up in his Grace to protect me from the Cage itself. Do you know why you weren’t able to retrieve my soul?”
As ‘Alien’ started on the screen, Dean continued his subtle observation of Lucifer. The Archangel was not experienced enough to hide the emotional turmoil clearly readable on his face.
Gabriel grinned down at Dean, “Compared to him, I’m downright helpful.”
“Oh, yes. She has a strange preoccupation with Castiel,” Gabriel mused, “If he’s going to experience sex as a male, she’s willing.”
“’Satan’ was actually a verb, meaning ‘to tempt’,” Gabriel informed the brothers cheerfully, “It got mixed up in translation.”
“Women are more vital to building a population, Deano, as they do the heavy lifting,” Gabriel explained with a smirk, “In the entire world, only fifty-thousand people get those new marks. For every male, there will be four females able to reproduce.”
“Have a seat, Castiel,” Gabriel encouraged with a wave of his hand, “Faith is already missing her overgrown Winchester; you’ll have company.”
“Michael is up for it,” Dean laughed, “This is going to be so much fun.”
“I’m not finding any reports of suspicious deaths,” Sam said aloud, still pulling a disapproving face at his brother, “Her mother claimed to be pregnant by her dead husband, who came back as a Vampire. She died in childbirth in October 1932 and the baby was taken in by her maternal aunt.”
Jane regarded the Archangel silently. She didn’t trust him, but he was correct about Castiel triggering protective instincts.
Dean shoved the Angel in the arm, “Are you stoned? You’re dying! How is that ‘not relevant’?”
Gabriel waited patiently for the miserable former Angel to re-emerge.
Sam dropped his piece of toast back onto his plate, “She fed off Castiel?” he growled, “Why didn’t you fly me there?”
He could see and hear, though Dean remained in control of their shared body.
Castiel woke up with a groan of misery. Images of distorted memories faded from his mind and nausea churned his stomach.
“We’re not going there,” Dean said flatly, his eyes on the progress of his latest shot.
Sam refrained from saying something rude, caught the free hand reaching for his neck and pinned her right hand to the bed. Moments later, the second handcuff was in place.
Gabriel waited until Dean was in the shower to drop the next bombshell.
“Piss off, Dean,” Sam muttered.
Adam nodded but as he stood up a stab of pain lanced across his chest. He pulled up the unfamiliar shirt to identify the source of the pain; a hand-print burn across his chest, right over his heart.
“She is your mate on Earth; if your souls are not bound before death, she will go to Purgatory.”
“I believe Gabriel guided certain bloodlines together to produce the optimum host, as he knew he needed it to last,” Castiel explained.
Castiel was dragged backwards a few steps and chains stretched down to suspend a metal bar above his head.
Gabriel nodded, “He thinks I ‘violated’ you. Dean tried to punch me.”
“I spoke to Lucifer,” Sam sighed, “I pissed him off.”
“I’m sure they had half-a-dozen back-up plans for that; Dean played ball, so they left the other Righteous men and women alone.”
“I’d like more memories,” Faith said quietly, “If I’m allowed?”
Castiel knew the Archangel was seeing right through to his soul, assuming he had one without his Grace.
Balthazar sent,
Castiel, once again female, poked Dean in the ribs until he shifted enough to let her lie comfortably beside him.
“Most people couldn’t avoid the plague,” Castiel replied blandly.
Faith had heard the rushed conversation and Jane’s abrupt departure, “Who’s Balthazar?” she asked sleepily.
“I’m working with Archangel Gabriel,” Faith said quickly, “He was sent back from a few years into the future by God. In the original timeline, Metatron orchestrated your murder to cast a spell to lock the Angels out of Heaven.”
Sam shrugged and followed Dean out of the bar. Gabriel blew them a kiss and disappeared.
“Settle down, Crowley. You, too, Castiel,” Gabriel ordered, “We were having a productive conversation before you two showed up.”
Sam mumbled something apologetic.
“What is his name?” Lucifer asked softly.
Dean blinked across at the wide, blue eyes which were fixed on him, “Hell, yeah. I am done saving the world because I’m the only one dumb enough to step up. God himself wants me to stand down, so I am officially on vacation.”
“Gabriel has some ideas,” Castiel admitted, “Which usually means trouble for the people involved. He hasn’t told me any specifics, yet.”
“No; interfering once creates a new, parallel reality,” Jack explained, “Like when Chuck pretended to be a Prophet. There were many where Chuck Shurley was just a Prophet.”
“How would Jay get anything done when he is so obsessed with sex?” Samandriel clarified.
Dean peeked around the door to see Cas looking rather morose.
Dean was appalled that Cas had suffered at the hands of this crazy Angel and could tell he was weighed down by misplaced guilt. He remembered the first time he knew Cas had been recalled to Heaven and was so distant when he returned.
Dean lowered the gun, so Faith slowly stood up. Gabriel was scary enough that she felt no guilt in using him as a human shield. She peeked around his shoulder just enough to watch Dean.
“One is more than enough,” Faith said dryly.
Taking blood from Castiel had been rather awkward. He had simply offered his arm and watched her feed with mild curiosity. The metal bands on his wrists forced her to move the bite closer to his elbow. Healing the puncture wounds had ended the strange encounter.
“Why would you care about her?”
“I considered it,” Jane admitted.
“This is a nightmare, Dean,” Castiel explained, banishing the Demon behind the rack, “I’m here to guide you to better scenery.”
“Stop talking, Castiel,” Jane sighed, “I’m not going to kill you. Faith won’t let me.”
“We got ‘em, Sammy,” Dean said reassuringly, “Cas fixed your cracked skull, too.”
Sam realized he was hanging limply from his wrists. He opened his eyes slowly and muttered his brothers’ name.
Castiel regarded Dean with the same piercing gaze, no matter which vessel he was residing within, “My Grace sought to draw on the missing piece and your soul could not be held back. I apologize, Dean; I did not realize this could happen.”
“Knowing your obsession with sex and continued fascination with my relationship with Dean, I shudder to imagine what clothing you have provided,” Castiel said dryly.
“What’s the Darkness?” Sam asked worriedly.
The bickering turned into Gabriel denying he had ever had sex with a horse, which left Michael wearing an expression of disgust.
Gabriel sighed, “I suspect Sam would have died, no matter how many times I changed the timeline. The Apocalypse had been planned for so long, there was no avoiding it. Had I somehow succeeded you would never have met Castiel. He would still be in Heaven, never understanding why he didn’t fit in. I couldn’t do that to him.”
“Then I’ll send you to the point after the Winchesters have found the bunker, but before they begin the trials to seal Hell. I will be able to provide limited guidance.”
Dean was preparing for the promised Jurassic Park marathon with Cas. He was not keen on the idea of welcoming Meg onto the couch but letting her roam around without supervision was not an option.
Faith was sure the slumped shoulders and silence indicated he wanted to be left alone.
“You’re not having a stroke,” Castiel said flatly, “This is a diluted version of my true form. I assume you are more comfortable with this representation?”
The Equinox was approaching, so Gabriel had ordered Sam and Faith to prepare to go to another Chapter House so there wouldn’t be an orgy.
“Tell them what happened in the other timeline,” Castiel said gruffly. He reached for another bottle.
Dean looked like he wanted to vomit, “I nearly did that.”
Blood rushed up Dean’s neck and across his cheeks. He lost the ability to speak in the same moment that Castiel chuckled.
“Great!” Gabriel said happily, “Sam and I can cure Meggy tonight.”
“Age before beauty,” Sam threw back.
“You’re as convincing as a bond villain on a bender,” came the reply.
When the Archangel appeared on the other side of the beehive Castiel was checking, he realized the debt was about to be repaid.
“Keep your fleas to yourself, and I will be fine,” Balthazar replied smoothly.
“Promise you’re not ditching me as a form or punishment?” Lucifer asked worriedly.
“Did you find anything interesting in Dean’s head?” Meg asked Castiel as she stretched out her arms along the back of the couch.
“This brings back shitty memories,” Gabriel observed, “Why are you two off your leashes?”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Castiel resumed stroking her fingers through Dean’s hair, “He is crying.”
“That’s good,” Dean said softly, “Claire doesn’t deserve to suffer.”
“Well, good luck with it,” Balthazar said with a snort, “Watching you lot try to manage soul-Grace bonds should be entertaining, at least.”
“Lucifer is going to go back in time, and consequently create a new reality,” Gadreel said abruptly, “Do you think I should ask to go with him?”
“That’s no fun,” Gabriel pointed out.
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“Yeah, right,” Faith scoffed, “You’re going to annoy the stuffing out of them to keep them from doing something stupid.”
Dean chose not to vocalise his lack of trust in Sam’s fang-bearing new squeeze. While he was struggling to be tactful, Castiel reached out to touch his calloused hand with feminine fingers.
Dean and Sam were rather subdued after their chat with Gabriel. Through Faith’s eyes, Castiel could see the way the brothers communicated through body language and watched Gabriel surreptitiously.
Lucifer heard a strangled noise and saw Sam staring at him with undisguised panic. Something in his chest wilted as he realized that his very presence in Nick’s body had robbed the Hunter of his ability to breath.
Dean surged forward to inject her on the left forearm. She snarled at him instinctively.
“Purgatory was punishment enough,” Dean agreed, “Take that self-righteous bullshit and shove it up -”
Meg moved forward suddenly, her eyes fixed on the Dhampir with interest, “Faith by name, but that’s not all,” she mused with a fascinated expression, “It’s been too long, Castiel.”
“I know.”
“Lucifer is tucked away in Sam’s head and Michael is with Dean,” Gabriel confirmed, “They’ve been cut off from Angel radio, but their direct prayers are shockingly graphic.”
“Your face!” Castiel chuckled.
“Angels don’t usually feel the need to bond with a human soul,” Castiel said, sounding ashamed, “Naomi said there was always something broken in me.”
“The real Metatron is a whiny suck-up,” Michael agreed.
“I could focus my power on removing your ability to taste sugar,” Jane said flatly.
“Well, I was going to sneak in to visit Linda, but she’s already asleep. Since you’re avoiding sleep, I might as well let you in on the plan.”
“Since when do Angels snuggle?” Dean asked incredulously.
“He chose free will,” Dean corrected.
Faith knew her heart was beating erratically, “What happens if you leave your vessel?”
Sam sat next to Faith at the table. He had the laptop open to search for people she knew. From the downcast expression and slumped shoulders, the news was not good.
“I would have killed him earlier, but I was trying to stay off Heaven’s radar,” Gabriel added, “He’s lucky; I’d have made the pain last if I had the choice.”
“No playing jigsaw with the Knight of Hell and wait for the proofed copy of the homework,” Dean said aloud, “Works for me.”
“I doubt it. You’re a manipulator, and a very talented one.”
“More details, Gabby,” Dean prompted.
Castiel opened the door and stood back to allow them entry.
“We have to initiate together,” Gabriel realized.
“Don’t touch his wings!” Gabriel snapped over the shoulder of his wounded brother.
“You want me to
When the pull toward Sam abruptly shifted Faith stumbled. She caught herself with one hand against the doorframe.
“Why bother including the trials on the tablet, then?” Kevin burst out.
Castiel posed a unique problem; he was not emotionally stable in his human body. Coping with his lack of Grace didn’t allow much breathing space to process more memories from the future. If he received the memories, they would provide extra coping skills he had developed in the previous timeline. Gabriel wasn’t sure if he should stuff the memories in Castiel’s head for his own good, as it was a risk if the fallen Angel couldn’t cope.
“No; though not my True vessel, he is descended from strong bloodlines, including a family blessed by Raphael. He will not be damaged by my presence.”
Adam nodded gravely, “Once your body was gone, I could hear you screaming.”
“Eat fibre and don’t tell me about it,” Gabriel advised.
Castiel almost smiled, “That does not happen as often as I expect.”
“This is either really good or really bad,” Gabriel declared, “Are you still in complete control?”
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
“I am hungry and nauseous at the same time. Is that normal?” Cas asked seriously.
Jane didn’t want Castiel to wake up and ruin the girl-bonding time. She immediately chastised herself for being such a bitch, but the resentment was still there.
Castiel emerged with damp hair and the same forlorn expression. Since the previous night, dark circles under his eyes had been added to the look.
When he opens his eyes, looking up through his splayed fingers, Cas seems confused, wrong-footed. “Dean?”
And still, Sam is patient. “Put on some music,” Sam suggests, subdued and composed, kindly ignoring Dean’s statement.
“No, no,
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean smirks at him through the rearview mirror. “Well, that’s a little anticlimactic.”
Well. That’s complicated.
That may be the closest Dean has ever gotten to telling Cas anything like all the things that Cas has told him. It isn’t enough, not even close. But he hadn’t even had to think about it, and there’s something wondrous about that.
She and Dean just stare each other down and shove obscene amounts of mashed potatoes into their mouths until it’s time for dessert.
Right now, they’re level with the city buildings and cartoonish billboards that rise up on either side of the interstate. It all looks grey, and so’s the sky. Overcast. He glances at Cas, then at himself in the rearview mirror. Their faces look washed out inside the car.
The Empty.
their dad, not the other way around, and it was within about one minute of meeting the guy, too.
And it somehow enabled Dean to make contact and pull him out of the Empty.
Dean comes to a reluctant realization: This song is good.
“This rest stop.” Cas patiently waits for Dean to get it. But Dean doesn’t get it. “The same one we stopped at last time. With Sam.”
, and normally, Dean would have been nagging Sam to fill her up
“Cas, if you’re here—”
And Cas clings to him, kisses him ferociously like this was all worth falling for in the end, the two of them silhouetted against a phosphorescent wall of vending machines.
Dean hums his assent. “Yeah, we do.” He draws his lower lip between his teeth for a second, taking a breath. “See ya, kiddo.”
Because—holy shit. Cas clearly never expected to see Dean again and face the consequences of his own actions, his own words. Almost as though Cas believes that, back in that dungeon, he confessed to something that Dean might not like.
Thoughtlessly, Sam swiped to the next picture, where everything was mostly the same, except the angel’s face was even
. Who was Dean, one unremarkable human living for the tiniest fraction of all human history, to presume to know what angels were made of, what they could feel?
Then, with absolutely no transition whatsoever, Dean’s on the ground, flat on his back on the sticky tarmac of the parking lot, blinking up at Sam’s face.
He catches Cas’ eye before turning his gaze back to the road. Blue eyes. All shades of blue.
“A plane metaphor? You? Really?” Sam arches an unimpressed eyebrow.
“We bought everything on your list, but they were out of kale,” Cas informs him, a little apologetically. “Actually, I’m not sure the store even carried kale.”
“Because it’s
Cas follows his motion, standing too, then just pins Dean with his eyes again. “You did this,” he says, and Dean’s not sure if it’s a statement or a question.
and then you’re just gone and I have to live with that—and you have the last word and I have to live with that—and you think—”
is now playing. He’s never actually tried to watch an episode of this show all the way through. The handful of times he’s left it on in a motel room, it’s always been the same damn episode,
Cas shakes his head but rolls with the non sequitur.  “‘
They stay like that, foreheads together, until their lips are brushing a few times in chaste, dry kisses, until they’re not quite so chaste, and Dean can’t for the life of him remember why they hadn’t done this the second Cas came into the room, Dean now pushing up onto his knees a little to press in closer and opening his mouth against Cas’ lips—
And Dean is well aware that there’d probably be a picture of himself under the dictionary definition of “cagey” right now, but he just. Doesn’t know how to do this. He hesitates—then slaps on a generous layer of bravado and dives right in, like this isn’t excruciating. Fake it ’til you make it.
He doesn’t know why he said that. It’s the kind of dumb, juvenile comeback he would say to Sam. He doesn’t talk like that to Cas.
him to when he offered, since neither of those things had really been a given.
Tragically, Sam ignores Dean’s wit, still beaming. “The sigils never would’ve worked if you hadn’t already been connected to each other.”
Dean turns around too quickly, and just like that they’re nose to nose. “Because,” he starts, still up in Cas’ face, the angel’s stubborn insistence causing something in Dean to snap, “I don’t know if you’ve noticed, but I’m about ten times more fucked up right now than the last time you saw me.”
“What’s the difference?”
Sam takes a sobering breath. “What just happened?”
Today had felt close to a failure, but that smile is a greater accomplishment than Dean could have hoped for.
on his face, some emotion Dean can’t read.
“So, should I just stand here and look pretty while you guys draw up the battle plan?” Dean sneers.
Has always expected.
Everyone has to write a Dean-in-the-Empty scene at least once. It’s a rite of passage.
“Okay, you know in
It’s said in the most bizarrely defiant, bullheaded,
his own freckles, usually—
A slightly shorter chapter this time, because this is sort of the halfway point in the story, and the next chapter marks a pretty significant shift.
, it’s just
Sam takes this better than Dean expected, but it probably
.” He grins around his dinner roll before pushing it to the side of his mouth, cheek bulging as he turns to address Jack again. “I mean when you’re older,” he clarifies.
besides that?” Almost sounding like he can’t believe that would be true.
When that fuzzy-headed sensation hits him again, this time it feels like
Dean just wants so
Dean’s already driven ten hours today. He’s done. Since no one’s been murdered yet, no one hurt or kidnapped, he switches back to
whipped. “How ’bout—
Hours later, Sam drives, after a lot of admittedly considerate but obnoxious insisting. Dean, feeling unsettled and unmoored, tells him where to go, when to turn.
Dean rides shotgun, in Sam’s usual spot.
The next morning, Dean turns in their keys at the motel office, hikes his duffel bag a little higher on his shoulder, and heads out to the car.
reference right now, but at least it made his point. “Yeah. I mean,” his smile growing a little more confident and unselfconsciously crooked, “since when has anyone in this family ever followed the rules of the universe?”
Something in Sam’s expression gives a little, but not all the way. It takes a couple of days. More pages blowing off the movie calendar.
. All because Dean still hasn’t attempted to tell him anything close to the truth, has been lying through his teeth ever since the Empty came.
He doesn’t know why he’d tried so hard to be quiet.
“PDA?” Cas scrubs a fist over his eyes, valiantly struggling to transform into a morning person, futile as it is. “I assume ‘PDA’ stands for something?” A groan of protest as he wipes his eyes again. “It’s too early in the morning for a new acronym.”
Sam, understandably, seems to have the clearest objective. Sam’s acting pretty normal now, much more than Dean, playing the voice of reason whenever Dean complains or questions what they’re doing. Maybe even Cas is behaving more normally than Dean. Dean has no idea anymore, still caught in a whirlwind.
It’s a forward question, but Dean hasn’t exactly been hiding much lately. It’s been a few weeks of Dean acting unusually buoyant every morning while Sam shoots him and Cas knowing looks. There’s something unbearably tender in those otherwise smug looks when Sam thinks Dean can’t see him. There aren’t many things Sam would still be afraid to ask Dean at this point—not counting the graphic details of what exactly makes Dean uncharacteristically chipper in the mornings, obviously.
