“You’re heading back to earth.”
"I wanted to surprise you.."
“Benny what would you even do here? This is a legitimate movie set and company. Even the steamy scenes here are not over PG13.”
"Sheath your claws Mate, I'm not here to cause any trouble. I'm just here to check on our pregnant Pure Line. I do have to send a report back to Mother so she can update the records."
"Honestly though, I know the feeling." Gabriel admitted, his voice going soft and his cheeks slowly turning pink. "I mean we've known both Sam and Dean forever but then one day Samsquatch showed up at the shop and it was like a spotlight sudden shone down from the heavens and everyone else paled in comparison." He shook his head with a chuckle. "Though apparently Sam realized it before I did. I wasn't even aware he was trying to court me at first."
"Yeah I do. I know I'm not easy to deal with on a good day but add in preggo hormones' and this bullshit with John and Alistair and I'm ten times worse. Any other Alpha would have walked away by now..or worse."
1: Harvest
"Is what so?"
He nodded and placed his hand over hers and gave it a small squeeze. "I know. I just wish we had something..anything about what happened, or his whereabouts. We don't even know who would be behind this, and as Sheriff I'm sure he's made plenty of enemies."
"Ah." Jimmy shook his head though the grin was still in place. "Big, big trouble indeed."
"I was going to ask about where the name came from."
Castiel turned his attention back to Sam, his eyes narrowed as the dense mental fog seemed to grow thicker.
Two flashes of tan came hurtling towards them, one from the right and one from the left; leaping onto the man on the ground which neither Charlie or Castiel had noticed had already been pinned to the concrete but was thrashing wildly and cursing loudly. There was scuffling for a few moments before the trio stood up, the two that had come in from the sides moving back and allowing Charlie and Castiel a good view of the third.
"What?"
"Those are both excellent ideas." Castiel tossed out; smirking as both men jumped. "I must say this is very much quite the surprise to wake up to." He pushed himself into a seated position against the head board, his hand snaking beneath the covers to stroke himself slowly while his eyes roamed over to the two men next to him.  "But I have an idea that you both might like even better."
"Hey guys, Bobby wants you both on set, he wants to go over tomorrow's shooting schedule."
"We're..Pure Line Alpha?"  Jimmy's eyes were as wide as saucers as he looked up at him.
From the exuberance of the voice and the causal nicknames it was easy to tell it was Gabriel that had been sent to fetch them.  With traded soft smiles and playful shoves the two men dressed quickly; Jimmy in dark dress slacks with a white button down and Castiel in worn jeans and faded black shirt. They stole a couple short kisses before making their way to set.
"He's got a point Dean. If we can't be open in the privacy of our won trailer.." Jimmy started as he bit into his bacon.
Jack appeared to think it over before he too shrugged his shoulders and accepted the reasoning. After a bit more conversation he wandered off to finish the tv show that he'd been watching on his laptop. Castiel sat for a few moments thinking over the conversation with Jack before the nagging question of what Dean and Charlie had been talking about set back in. With his lips pressed into a thin line he pulled Dean's laptop over to him and after closing out of the various adult popups; and being extremely glad that Sam had given Jack a laptop of his own to use, he wasn't sure he could explain all of what was on Dean's lap top to the young celestial; he started to look up what d-bag meant.
"Dean! Hey Sam."
"What's this?" The boy asked as he looked at the clear object, turning it this way and that before looking back at Dean, his head tilted slightly.  Again Dean couldn't help but see Castiel staring back at him and he took a breath before he forced himself to speak.
It was a quiet day in the Bunker, Sam was out with Eileen and Dean and Charlie had shuttered themselves into the Deancave to over the upcoming LARPing event that she'd talked Dean into participating in while Castiel and Jack were talking about Jack's new powers.  There was a commotion in the hall as Dean and Charlie walked down; their voices catching Castiel's attention. He looked up just in time to see Dean and Charlie enter the war room where he and Jack sat.
"Never could get anything past you. Not even as children."
"Meaning?"
Pairing: None
He felt his cheeks heat and he could feel Dean's eyes on him. He risked a look over and met the quirked eyebrow gaze of his mate, offering only a shrug in silent reply as he pulled Dean closer still.
"Who the hell are you?" Lucifer demanded as he stood, coming in a few inches taller than Dean and trying to use it to his advantage.
"C'mon Deano, we've talked about this..you can't go scent dark on us. We need to know how you're feeling..c'mon.." Gabriel's voice was soft as he nuzzled against Dean, leaving his own scent mark on him.
"Not an excuse." Henry took a breath before speaking again. "We'll speak more later about that. What this is however is that Dean was the pack leader, then when..when Dean was returned the first time and signed over to Sam's care  Sam became the pack leader. Then he mated and he went from a pack of two to a pack of three and he had two Omega's dependent on him. Though Dean is still recovering from the lingering ghosts of his past he's trying to take back leadership because he challenged you and Dean won't let that happen, he can't let that happen."
An older man was shoved out onto the stage, his eyes down cast and his shoulders hunched in on himself as he finally moved over to stand next to Alastair. A low growl rumbled out of Castiel's chest as he watched the Omega flinch when Alastair touched him.
It was a memory that was seared into his brain and always managed to bring a smile out of him. The sound of door creaking open caught his attention but he didn't turn around; hoping that whoever it was would let him alone with his thoughts. The sound of footsteps drew closer and he scowled as he turned around; his eyes widening and his breath catching painfully in his throat as Dean stood there smiling that mega-watt smile at him.
you know better. We're on a time crunch and I have Adam and Michael come tearing into the house yelling about the two of you out here fighting in the dirt like pups who just popped their first knot!"
"He left them alone, it was the reason Dean stopped going to school. He started working at the dinner the next town over and at night he worked the Roadhouse." Jimmy's lip curled slightly. "CPS was called in but Dean had already turned 18 and had been taking care of the bills and making sure Sam was fed and clothed and went to school. Ms. Mills and Ms. Hanscum would take Dean his work to do and then allow him to take tests at their houses. Honestly Castiel with how infatuated you were with the boy I thought you knew this. Though I was glad to see you stop spending time with him, or you would have ended up just like him."
"So you're saying that these are set up like a silent auction? Does the organizer always set them up as such?" Balthazar asked even as he jotted down his name on one sheet; his offer extremely low and only for looks.
With a pot set on simmer, Dean blind baked the crust as he heated the apples and the honey and spice mixture, letting it bubble as he took the extra crust and had Adam cut it into strips so they could lattice it over the top.  Once the pie was assembled Dean bit his lip and looked around, his eyes catching on an old time ice cream maker.
Of all the things he'd expected to find when he stepped into his home however, a tersely worded note left on the kitchen island saying that Dean had taken the pups on an over night camping trip wasn't one of them. Gingerly Castiel set down the pie and found a vase to put the flowers in. Disappointment settled in his chest and he spent the rest of the day cleaning the house and straightening his office. When he fell into bed that night he pulled Dean's pillow to his chest and fell into a fitful sleep.
Triggers: Grief, Mourning, Self Mutilation, Suicidal Actions, Canon-Typical Violence
The tall one--Samael apparently--stopped waving his hands around, his head tilting to the side as he stared at Dean.
Castiel could see Dean's control over his rage start to slip and he knew he had to step in before it snapped. Moving over he placed a hand on his mates shoulder, squeezing gently.
There was a distant shout and he turned at the last second but it was too late, the man barreled into him and they both went down; his head hitting the ground hard enough to bounce while the man landed sprawled  between his knees. There was a moment of silence where they were only staring at each other; their eyes flicking over faces and down towards to lips before back up. It felt as if it were some scene out of a cheesy romance novel or Hallmark movie but neither man moved, their eyes drawn to one another over and over again. The moment was broken when a larger, bearded man in a street officer’s uniform came jogging up, a large German Shepard trotting along behind him.
He pulled away slightly, watching the way Dean tried to keep an impassive expression on his face, but the way his eyes kept flicking down and the way his jaw clenched and unclenched let Castiel know that the Omega was fighting his instincts hard. He leaned in once more, nipping Dean's ear lobe and then chuckling as he fell backwards on his ass from Dean planting both his hands on his chest and shoving hard. There was a fleeting smirk on Dean's lips before he darted down the steps and around the house.
"Yeah?" Dean's voice was breathy as he pressed against Castiel as much as he could, leaning in to purr into his ear. "Show me."
Castiel nodded, he could see the reasoning behind it and could understand why Dean would want to make changes to the phrase.
A few minutes and a short walk later found them separated, Castiel making small talk with the few members of his family that had shown up while Dean was making the same rounds with his. Every once in a while he'd find Dean searching for him the same way he was searching for the green eyed man, their eyes holding for a few seconds before they'd look away, their faces red.
"I'm going to get you a juice and a little something to eat. Wait here for me ok?" When Dean nodded, Chief ran his fingers through Dean's hair again. "Good Boy, thank you."
Same nodded as he wiped his face with the towel around his neck. "Yeah, Gabe does make a habit of scenting Dean the moment he sees him, it helps both their nerves I think. Dean to know he's safe and cared for and Gabe to know he's uninjured or sick. Apparently it's an old habit left over from the feral days where everyone lived in a big pack and would curl together for warmth. It reaffirms the bonds between the members. Charlie explained it to us when we brought Dean home, said he would need a lot of reassurance that he was needed and cared for, that his internal Omega was probably in a lot of pain and feeling cut off. " The taller man looked towards the kitchen, his eyes sad. "It was hell the first year Dean was home. He barely came out of his room. He was terrified of everyone...of me. He'd shrink into corners or curl into himself to make himself small...my brother was never...he was the biggest person I knew, loud, brash...didn't care what anyone thought. To see him that broken, his whole identity taken away..."
"Shut up." Sam grit through clenched teeth and Castiel could tell that the taller Alpha wanted to keep squeezing until he crushed John's windpipe.
"So did you.." Meg trailed off but arched her eyebrow as he motioned between the two of them.
“Seems like you found me Benny, and don’t go telling anyone you did. I got a good thing going here.”
"Want you Alpha.."
The scent of dejection and sadness wrapped around Castiel and before he could stop himself he climbed the stairs and wrapped his arms around Dean, holding him close. His inner Alpha was whining, trying to figure out to make Dean feel better. For a moment Dean was just stiff in his arms and Castiel felt his heart leap into his throat thinking he'd over stepped a boundary of some sort. Then everything changed and Dean's arms wrapped around him as Dean's face found his neck.
"Means you're both hard headed morons that are somehow so perfectly suited for each other it was practically pre-ordained." Castiel stiffened as she continued. "You both are bloody ridiculous. Call your mate and get him back here."
"Were you two dorm mates? Met at a frat rush night? What?"
With a wide grin the blonde stood and looked around the assembled group, finishing off his drink before he started to speak.
"Huh, looks like Dad's got strong genes. He made two nearly identical pups with two different bitches."
"It's the way the light.."
"That's sweet, but you don't need to worry about Benny. He's no competition."
"We're not twins."
He sighed and rubbed his eyes as he responded. "What happened Meg?"
"Lucifer." The name was growled from the dark haired man, a scowl on his face. "I apologize for him. He's never had the best manners no matter how much Dad tried to have them trained into him."
The words were growled with deadly intensity and Castiel reacted instantly, baring his teeth at Rowena and moving into another protective stance as much as their knotted position would allow him too. Dean's eyes were slowly filtering gold and his scent had seemingly vanished, only the slight edge of Omega rage detected.
"There's an Omega Auction happening soon."
"Meg I can't leave Daphne here alone and we just can't close the clinic, our services might be needed."
He watched as Gadreel stood, offering Daphne his hand and once more tilting his head submissively. With an arched eyebrow he took in the scene of his normally demur partner moving into Gadreel's personal space and boldly scenting him. With a deep red face she moved back, her gaze cast downwards.
He felt Dean snort against his throat but knew it was a forced. "Me? Nervous? You're imagining things Alpha. I'm just meeting a long lost brother...who has no idea that Sam and I existed and will probably hate us the moment he meets us because we left him alone with only his mother to care for him. Yeah, there's nothing to worry about.."
"I thought you weren't pining."
"Isn't this your night off?"
They shook hands, Dean noting idly how warm the other man's hand felt and just how easily he'd been lifted from the floor. For the first time he noted that the tomb was aflame, the crackling sound of the fire almost cheery in the dank building.
"I'm here for you Omega, how do you want me? Tell me."
“You have to! We’re made to be part of a pair! That’s what Father intended when he created us. We’re not meant to be alone!”  Samael’s voice was awash in anguish and their eyes were soft with sympathy.
"Rowena?" She asked; her eyebrow arching questioningly on it's own accord.
"We could 'accidentally' lock Benny in the manager office when he goes in to count the tills after the lunch rush." Jimmy suggested as he curled into Castiel's side; his breathing still ragged from the powerful edging induced orgasm he'd just had.
"Of course Dean."
"Oh yeah, there's a prize, and old drunk..."
He blew out an annoyed breath, his eyes narrowed at Meg. "Meg, we've been through this. I'm not mated."
He waved his hand at Dean. “Go on Dean, don’t let me keep you.” He cut his eyes to Benny, his voice cool. “Pleasure to meet you.”
"What can you tell me about my father? What was he like."
“What’s happening?”
"I was updating them on what to expect from the Breeding Auction."
"Oh you'll like him Sammy. He's a Garrison Commander. He's very smart, careful. He doesn't put his Garrison in any unneeded danger."
Three days had passed since the conversation that Castiel had accidentally overheard with Jack when he received a notification to his phone that a package had showed up to the local post office with his name on it. He made his excuses for leaving, stating that he just an errand to run before slipping out of the Bunker. As he eased behind the wheel of his car he felt himself practically vibrating with excitement as he made his way to the post office.  The box was light in his hands but he knew that the item it contained was of the highest quality and the subsequent ride back to the Bunker seemed to go quicker than the ride to the Post Office had been. He let himself into the Bunker; pressing his hand to the invisible sigil that had been painted there as a way to verify his and Jack's identity and allow them to come and go as they pleased from the Bunker. He stopped for a moment at the top landing to gather his thoughts and steady his breathing before he headed down the stairs where he was pleased to see Dean alone in war room.
Jimmy and Amelia exchanged glances before they too got up and followed after Dean, talking softly among themselves. He could practically feel the way Sam was torn between following after his brother and staying put. Standing he looked over at Rowena, his lips pressed together in a thin line. He might agree with Dean but at the same time there was a reason she was here and he wondered if not listening to her would come back and bite them in the ass later.
"I don't know who you think you are you American ruffian.."
They spoke simultaneously and judging from both Charlie and Meg's swallowed laughter they were probably both sporting the same annoyed glares.
Castiel looked over at Meg, eyes narrowed in annoyance before huffing and trying to calm himself by closing his eyes and taking a deep breath and counting down from twenty.
"I agree with Gabe.." Sam started, his gaze bouncing between the two brothers.
The archangel fell silent for a moment, his eyebrow arched as he watched the play of emotions filter over the other man's face a smirk fliting over his own.
Dean waved his hand dismissively. "Please..and waste a perfectly good chance to stroke our company's ego?"
"Fine, he made a good point, if he just hangs out all day people are going to get suspicious. But if he works here then he has a reason to be here all the time."
Gabriel shook his head before sighing again. "I didn't say anything because I never figured that any of us would ever meet." Gabriel cast a sardonic grin Jimmy's way. "Guess I was wrong." He frowned; crossing his arms again. "For the record I still don't like this plan."
"It does! I was waiting..." He swallowed as he struggled to sit up, groaning as his chest protested the movement.  "I was waiting for you to ask....but you disappeared instead, you wouldn't talk to me and then you stopped coming to school...and I know why now but you just left me Dean.."
"Right..um..Gabriel can you catch Balth up please?" He asked as he dropped his gaze to his brother for a moment.
He swallowed a smirk as Dean pulled away and flipped both Sam and Adam the bird. The tension in the room lifted a fraction as the two men huffed a soft laugh.
"Seeing as how Novak and Krushnic have finally graced us with their presence we can get started." Their sharked unrepentant grins pulled an eyeroll from Singer before he continued. "I want to introduce a new member to our team. He's a good kid, lets him that way. Dean will joining us for the duration of filming."
"Is he up at Moondoor now?"
"You mean besides the broken window upstairs or the fact that Dean's door, the
A few more minutes that felt like hours passed and Dean felt as if he was at his wits end; he was close to ripping his own hair out just for something to do. A quick glance over at Jack showed that the young boy was watching some show about dragon flies and whenever they would show the prismatic colors of the insects wings a small smile would quirk his lips. A thought tugged at Dean's subconscious and he frowned as he tried to pin it down, his eyes narrowed as he stared off into space.
They fell silent, both still tracking Benny and Dean from their seats, though Jimmy seemed more chilled about it than Castiel did.  Soon Dean and Benny wandered out of sight and Castiel’s mood darkened even further, leaving him practically snarling at anyone that approached him.
"There's no need for that. I'll take him home. You're staying with Gabe right?"
"Pleasure visit Adam?" Dean asked; switching the gears suddenly.
"Oh Squirrel? Of course he did. I mean I have serviced him before so I have most of his measurements already, but I do like to do a...recheck every once in a while."
"Because you're the first person since Balthazar that made us both want you with an over whelming intensity." Castiel cut in, his thumb now rubbing over the bolt of Dean's jaw. "We were immediately taken with you and that was even before I realized where I'd seen you before."
10: Crossover
"Dean, James was wrong, is wrong. And I'm going to try and undo everything that he's done so far to Claire." It was his turn to step forward, this time taking more space away from between them. Gently and slowly so that if Dean wanted to pull away he reached up and cupped the man's cheek. "You are a good man, everything you do, you do for love. You raised Sam for love and I know you're going to raise Adam for love. The world could learn a lot from you."
"I'm sure he'll like it. He can be my taste tester."
"Thank you."
He stood there staring at the piercing for a moment before he grasped Dean's wrist and pulled him close, kissing him hungrily. With a growl he nipped at Dean's ear, tugging lightly.
Novak regarded him with squinted eyes before nodding again and walking off.  Taking the clear dismissal for what it was Dean left; stopping at the door to cast one more look over his shoulder at the shop before leaving.
It wasn't until the frigid, angry scent of Omega anger--bordering more on Omega Rage--broke through that he and Sam separated, both of them bleeding from noses and mouths as eyes started to swell shut.
"Back away."
"Handmaiden?" The confusion on his face had both Dean and Charlie laughing and he felt the warmth from earlier creep back into his face.
Azrael opened their mouth to speak but closed it again, their jaw clenching as they looked away. “What do you want Samael?” They asked finally.
Novak went silent and Dean was certain that he'd just cost himself the job. His shoulders drooped slightly but then Novak nodded.
"Agreed."
"Normally it's not. But Pure Line is. Sammy has all the research on it...well on Pure Line blood lines in general that we could find. Honestly it's just means that we're the pure breeds of the Alpha and Omega world and in the old days would have been royalty or some shit. Then there's the myths and legends that say Omegas are the descendants of demons and fallen angels while Alphas are descended from angels and that's why they bred Omega/Omega and Alpha/Alpha to keep those links to their divine ancestry pure. It's what the traditionalists use to explain whey Omegas are sinful and need a strong Alpha to keep them from tempting those around them to sin and forsake their place in the holy after life." Dean snorted while he rolled his eyes. When no one said anything he finally looked at them and took in their slack jawed expressions. "What? I read too y'know." He huffed with a darker pink face.
"No..well he probably is now, but he wasn't then. He's always been a bit sweeter smelling. We thought it was because.."
"We..uh..met at college."
"The grandfather is in the lot with this one, he only sired one son, then that son sired two, one pure line Omega and one Alpha."
Green eyes snapped up to blue and for a while nothing else existed but them. After a few moments of staring Dean finally vacated the seat he'd taken on Lucifer's lower back, digging his knee into it before standing and moving away over to Castiel's side. They spent a few minutes scenting one another before he pulled away and rubbed his hands up and down Dean's arms.
coiling through Castiel's stomach and he jerked back as Dean launched himself at Gabriel, a loud thunder clap sounding as they crashed together. Between one blink and the next there suddenly 6 sets of wings visible; 3 a bright golden color and the other 3 a familiar mix of dark greens and bronzes. Transfixed Castiel watched as Dean and Gabriel grappled, thunder and lightening accompanying each strike that landed.
Castiel snared as he took another step forward, his fist clenching at his sides. Smirk in place Crowley took two steps back.
"Do you want to use your safe-word Dean? You can and I won't be mad. This is about your comfort."
As he planned out the twins' day he let his mind wander a bit; it was the first birthday that they were going to share as a thruple and the memory of how they came to be one snuck up on him.
“A pleasure to meet you. So the running?”
"I've had Benny and Ash out doing surveillance at the house, but so far they've seen no one come or going. They're going to wait a few more hours to see if that changes and then I'm going to have them tail the two vehicles."
"Almost right after the mating.."
. As he passed the gazebo he spared the structure a glance, pleased to see it was empty though he was certain that Dean wouldn't see it as a safe place to nest.
"Of course, of course." The man turned his attention to him and Dean with a bob of his head. "Follow me gentlemen, I need to take some measurements before I bring out the suits for you to try. In the mean time Gabriel if you want to take a look at some of our...erm...honeymoon attire feel free to wander around the store. We shan't be long I think. I have a good eyeball for sizing."
"C-C-Cas..Alpha..."
"Rejection Sickness. Though by all accounts he should be much worst off since Rejection Sickness is more serious than Forrest Sickness. But since this is Dean we're talking about and he's..."
"Pink is his color though."
Dean blinked at him and Castiel had the sudden feeling that he was about to become the butt of a joke. "Well doc..you are a doc right? Like a real one? This isn't one of my Dr. Sexy dreams? Though you are better looking than Dr. Sexy." Dean gave him a crooked smile and Castiel felt his chest constrict. "But I'm pretty sure it had to with the bull I was riding, Alistair mean sonvuabitch, throwing me and then taking a chunk outta my pretty hide."
Crowley's words looped over and over in his mind and judging from the Brit's expression his own must have been quite amusing. Reluctantly he stepped back, though not more than a couple of steps.
"Enough posturing!" Dean snapped. "Alright, Alfie, get Amelia and Gabriel and have them get the pups ready. Jimmy, Sam, cuff John and put him in one of the trucks. Make sure he can't talk either. Cas, you and Adam gather anything we may need. Michael, Rowena, and I are going to have a quick talk. When no one moved Dean clapped his hands. "Get a move on, now!"
"I'm in heat dumbass. Seriously Cas I thought you were smarter than that."
Castiel nodded and watched as the young Alpha deflated and his face turned a bright red, his eyes cast to the ground as he tipped his head slightly to the side in deference.
“Why don’t you take a break? I hear there’s a live band down at the commons tonight. We could go..”
"I do, but this is so much different Dean. This isn't a movie, this is the three of us getting to know one another and having a bit of fun in the process."
"Hands...hands only."
"Doesn't matter. No one wants to see that Queer shit. Thought the Big Guy himself was against that shit anyway. It's not natural, men belong with women so they can make children."
Triggers: None
"Dean..do you trust me?"
"C'mon Uncle Cas we have to hurry or else all the good pumpkins will be gone!"
Gabriel laughed, shaking his head. "Stop pouting, I wouldn't say he's unaffected so much as he's just that much better at hiding what he's feeling."
"We're so screwed." Jimmy huffed as he adjusted himself.
"Hey Clarence, don't worry, we'll find your Boy Toy. What that you always tell me...Have Faith. That's what we need to do right now. Have Faith that everything is going to turn out ok."
Their voices started moving closer and Castiel schooled his expression into something passive as he scrolled aimlessly through one social media site or another, he honestly wasn’t paying attention to which it was. He knew the moment that they seen him because their conversation stopped altogether.
"I'm not...he's not.."
"Meg."
"You come near my home, my family, my pack. And I will have you arrested."
"Ready?" Samandriel asked as he leaned against the door frame in an imitation of Dean's normal laid back stance.
He wanted to press further but the look on Dean's face and the way he was pressing up against him made him swallow his words. Instead he ducked in for a kiss, working his tongue past Dean's lips as pulled the Omega into his lap and with one smooth thrust seated himself fully. He paused, giving Dean time to adjust before he started a slow pace; pulling nearly all the way out before pressing back in.
"Why are you here John?" Castiel questioned suddenly, his eyes narrowed to mere slits. Something was wrong, he could feel it. "Why march straight into the house of the town Sheriff when you've just escaped...unless.."
Pairing: Benny/Hunter Corp Dean
"Castiel...it's just the Winchesters.." Jimmy started, though his voice was wobbly.
"Ah, praise." Chiefs words were soft, as if they were mostly for his own benefit. "Alright, next I want you to lean against my leg and place your head against my thigh. Can you do that for me?"
"And if we don't?" He questioned, his own eyebrow quirked now but in challenge.
Dean Winchester had a secret. Scratch that, Dean Winchester had many secrets and it only took Gabriel one meeting with the hunter to be intrigued. Sure there was the fact that Dean loved to wear panties; and boy did that flip a switch that Gabriel hadn't been aware of before; but under the tough exterior and could care less attitude, Dean was smart. And not just street smart, Dean was book smart and probably smarter than Sam if anyone had ever bothered to actually pay attention to him rather than just his looks. Which since Dean was Michael's destined vessel it wasn't a surprise that he was effortlessly intelligent. At least not to Gabriel. But the golden haired Archangel could and would bet both Lucifer and Michael's grace that no one (other than Bobby Singer who had taught the boy one summer because Dean was bored) knew that Dean could speak Japanese and Spanish almost fluently. Or that in his rare spare time that Dean enjoyed toying around with electronics just to figure out how they worked.
"We're in trouble."
"I wasn't trying to hide her Gabe.."
"Yeah." Meg's face pinkened slightly and she coughed to clear her throat before going on. "You can say that."
"I don't know. Must be something that pertains to Charlie and Dean's game."
As one they shook their heads, Dean moving back even more and taking a seat next to him, his hand coming to rest on his thigh as he stared at the redheaded Alpha.
Castiel gently ran his hand up and down Dean's spine, listening quietly but paying attention to what the Omega wasn't saying. Slowly he felt some of the tension ease out of Dean as his mate leaned into him slightly.
"So why me?"
"Alright, you have ten seconds to tell me which one of you fucking knotsheads put your hands on my pack mate."
The smirk on Dean's lips died away and out of the corner of his eye he watched Dean start to shift nervously. He quirked an eyebrow before speaking, one hand moving over to lay over top Dean's.
It wasn't a question and he felt Jimmy sigh, the motion sending shudders through their shared body. They grew in strength until it registered with him that Jimmy wasn't sighing, he was sobbing. Once again he sent out small tendrils of soothing grace to help calm him but he knew he wasn't doing enough; that he didn't know enough about human emotions to properly help Jimmy.
He had just slipped his shirt on when there was another knock on his door. Without checking he moved over and pulled the door open, counting on it being Meg and then walking away to try and tame his hair the best he could.
His words were cut off by Meg grabbing his face and turning his head so that he could see between the books she's moved out of the way. Words and breathing failed him as the spines of the books framed a broad shouldered back clothes in a charcoal grey sweater vest while dark green sleeves wrapped themselves around equally strong looking arms. Light brunette hair was combed over to one side before tapering down to close shaved sides and as he watched the man turned and his mouth went dry. The man had to be the most handsome person he'd ever seen; he had a square jaw with a sharp jaw line that was slightly stubbled and bright green eyes that were encircled with gold wire frame glasses.
"Mmm, not yet. You can hold on just a bit longer....can't you Dean?" He teased as he leaned in to nibble on the long line of Dean's exposed throat. "I know it's hard, Jimmy's been edging you all morning hasn't he? Keeping you just on the right side of torture..waiting for me.."
"I'd like that."
"I hope there's enough for another cup." He called out as he grew nearer to the kitchen; not wanting to scare whoever was manning the coffee pot, his voice low and graveled still from sleep.
The longer Crowley spoke the more Castiel ground his teeth, his fingers clenched on the arms of his chair hard enough to cause his knuckles to go white. This was all so tedious. And where were Sam, Benny, and Ash? Why haven't they reported in? Had they found Dean? Why wasn't Charlie more tense? Those questions and more were roiling over and over causing Castiel to nearly miss the beginning of the main event of the evening.
"What?" Dean asked as he got close.
"We were the other family." Castiel stated, his eyes sliding back over to Jimmy. "Jimmy has two older brothers and they're at least a year older than Raphael."
"It's about Dean."
"How can people be so cruel? I don't..." he growled softly. "I don't get it. How can you just not care about your child's well being. Is he..did he manifest Omega?" The last sentence was said softly as if by whispering it it wouldn't make it true even though thoughts of Dean and others that had manifested Omega still circled in the back of his mind.
He felt Dean shift slightly and he pulled back just enough to watch his facial expression as Dean turned his head towards him. Their gazes caught and held, words not needed in that moment. Slowly he leaned in to press his lips against Dean's, giving Dean time to move away if he wanted and sighing when they connected. Under his skin his Alpha yipped happily, driving him to wrap his arms around Dean and hold him close, rumbling softly in order to help soothe Dean's frazzled nerves. They definitely need more time to talk but at least right then they were on the same page.
"Yeah." Her voice trailed off, her gaze flicking back over to the large nest before going back to Castiel's face. "It's just that...I never thought..." She stopped again, her shoulders dropping. "I never thought I'd have this...a pack y'know? Didn't even know I wanted one. I've done so much bad, or rather helped cause so much bad. And yet here I am, a tight knit pack that protects me, a soon to be mate that loves me for who I am....bad attitude and all and doesn't once try to change me in any way."
"Is that....this morning with Gabriel too?"
Once they were out of ear shot of the others he nudged Adam's shoulder with his own, startling the younger man out of whatever he'd been thinking.
"What's the matter with you!?! Are you crazy?!" Gabriel was trying to shove Dean away but the younger man was holding firm.
“Mm.”
With a snap of his fingers he was gone, leaving the angel not only alone but once again in charge of himself and full of unchecked long repressed lust. He felt the way it licked at Castiel's skin, the way his eyes fluttered shut and how each breath felt as if it was sending vibrations through him. He was pretty sure that just one touch would send the Angel into a tail spin.  He also knew that with the rush of longing that was currently flowing through the angel he wouldn't be able to sense him still lurking on the edges. He could feel  the corners of the angels lips quirk up in a hungry smirk as they moved through the hallways. He barely contained a gleeful laugh as they caught sight of their prey; their teeth raking over their bottom lip as they pressed the other man against the wall, their voice deep, growled, and saturated with all the lustful thoughts the angel had ever had.
He felt his lips pull into a frown as he watched his brother putter around the kitchen before heading up the stairs to presumably change. A ton of questions surfaced but he held his tongue, if he was meant to know then either Gabriel or Dean himself would tell him. But since he wasn’t going to be around long he wasn’t looking forward to hearing anything of what the slight argument alluded to. At least not unless something big happened and made his knowledge of the incident imperative. Shoving the question back and putting them under lock and key he let his gaze flick over the room before he started to wander around.
At the fork in the road he turned right and followed the hand painted signs for Singers Farmstead and Salvage Yard. The signs looked to have been painted recently, the lettering a bright green with orange drop shadow to make them pop and grab a persons attention. Humming to himself he looked over and watched as Claire stared out of the windows watching the farm land pass; the stalks of corn already browning and starting to fold in on themselves and the cows off in the far field idly wandering the gently rolling hills.  Soon they were pulling into the cleared parking lot and Castiel was surprised to see so many cars there that early. In fact there were people standing out at the entrance chatting over steaming hot cups of something or the other that were being sold near the front gates as they waited for them to open.
"I wasn't happy out there either. I thought getting away from here would change everything but it make me realize just how much alike all places are and brought to light the real reason I left."
There were various other scoffing responses made around the ring of adults but one look at Rowena’s stern expression was enough to quell them.
Dean glanced back at the clock keeping track of the competition time and nodded, they had plenty of time. He pulled out his phone and found a pretty easy recipe for homemade Vanilla Ice cream and after pulling out all the ingredients he and Adam got to work, both grinning and playfully nudging each other out of the way.
"Well first things first, we need a house." Dean murmured against his lips, his fingers playing in the hair at the back of his neck.
"Mmm. Jimmy wanted me to look at the new van he's getting Amelia, wants me to make it the safest I can for them. Took a bit of time looking over the junker before I could give him a time frame. There are a lot of parts I need to get before I can even start." Dean offered, his gaze still settled on the landscape around him.
Laughing, Castiel turned back around. "No, that's where you're wrong. You might have provided part of my genetic make up, but you are not my Alpha. What I do have is a strong Omega mother and strong Omega mate and Pack Leader. A pregnant Omega mate as a matter of fact that is waiting on me to come home. Goodbye Charles Novak...or should I say Shurley? That is your real last name isn't? Charles Shurley?" At the surprised look on the man's face pulled another laugh from him. "It's amazing what can be found if you only look hard enough."
"No, but I'm staying behind with him."
"Well since green eyes is gone for the afternoon it's time for me to head into the bakery. My staff wasn't too happy when I called in this morning to let them know that I'd be in late."
Gripping the arm of the man that had been tackled stood Dean, his head bent forwards as he spoke in a low tone. The more Castiel looked at the man in cuffs he could see it was a younger man, probably not more than a teenager. Dean waved off the other two officers and lead the cuffed male away, placing him in the back of his car and taking off.
“Dean. My name is Dean..”
"My apologies Meg, please continue."
"Umh, we'll be right there. Thank you Dean." Jimmy said, his eyes touching briefly on Dean's face before darting away again.
He wasn't possessive by nature normally, sure he had his moments, but when his Heat came it was all he could do to keep from leaving claiming bites from head to toe on Dean to warn others away.  They didn't venture out into public even days before his Heat because he was too territorial and they had been kicked out a few places because of it. Even now with his mate staring up at him adoringly as Cas used him how he seen fit he could smell others on his mate's skin and it made him angry.
He didn't know why he did it, but Dean stepped through the doorway and then waiting for Chief to join him; his attention momentarily taken by the warm inviting room they were in. It was set up like an old Victorian sitting room with comfortable couches and large over stuffed chairs placed about in the room and a large wooden desk and leather chair situated in one corner. Chief moved over to one of the large chairs and placed a rather large pillow on the ground by his feet after he sat.  When Dean didn't move from his spot by the door he motioned him over, waving towards a chair that was in position to face him.
Clapping cut their conversation short and Missouri stood up, a smile on her face.
"And then we were stationed here on earth. I fell in love with the humans..I talked Azrael into rebelling with me. I led armies, killed without thought as I was commanded. But only when I was sent to earth, when my Garrison was given the task to protect the profits did I truly understand. I walked among them, watching them come and go from this world, seen the destruction of wars. I wanted peace..and Azrael wanted me to be happy. My sadness caused his own. We talked, whispered blasphemous and traitorous things...we were going to remove our grace, become human and live our days out together. Then Father found us.." Castiel's voice faltered, the sound thin and reedy. "He separated us, bound my memory..the last thing I remember is Azrael's anguished cries before it all went black."
"What?"
He had just turned to call for a nurse when he heard a deep groan and when he turned back he felt caught in the greenest gaze he'd every seen. His throat went suddenly dry and he forced himself to swallow before he moved over to the side of the bed.
"I think it's a good plan."
"I could as the same of you, Wings of Thursday is rather unique." Charlie cut in, one eyebrow arched delicately as she studied him.
Dean looked between the two men, a blush on his face. "That's really kind of you, but..uh. I work for  Fire Station 79 and don't really have the time to bake...but maybe on my days off I can make some to bring by?"
19: Eighty-sixed
"Wagon, I can't have Dean working forever again on repairing the new one. He just crawled out from under it and gave it the ok to leave."
There came a soft wafting scent of sadness through the room and before Castiel could place it's origins both Gadreel and Benny had moved over to Dean's sides and were gently rubbing his back, shoulders, and neck; each one marking him and pumping out soothing Alpha pheromones. After a moment or two Dean gently pushed them away, his face hardening slightly.
"How do you know that Azrael? You won't let him remember his life before, you won't let him remember you.."
The day of his visit to his mother came during his couching and Castiel was certain that he’d use the pent up frustration to get through the meeting. His mother while not the worst mother out there was more stubborn than any Alpha Castiel had run across and had an uncanny way of turning everything around to make herself look like the victim.  Rubbing his hand over his face he gathered the papers he needed from the office and stuck his head into the garage where he seen Samandriel under the hood of his car while Lucas watched on. He watched them for a moment, a soft smile playing over his face as his pups interacted. After a few moments he cleared his throat to call attention to himself.
"Don't be upset because I'm still young at heart."
"Second base...we never had much alone time. Our respective room mates were always around." Jimmy's voice was soft as he spoke and Castiel reached over and squeezed his shoulder.
"Doesn't seem so bad to me. I rather like Charlie." He looked down, studying his feet where they dug into the dirt. "And what about you Dean? Do you dream of pups in the future." The question came out unbidden. "You don't have to answer that...I'm sorry.."
This time Castiel didn't wait for a rebuttal, instead he continued his way to his car, ignoring the yelled threats and curses from behind him as he slipped in behind the wheel. He had a mate to get home to and to beg forgiveness from. As he pulled out of the salvage yard he made plans to stop on the way back home pick up a pie and some flowers. Even if Dean protested that he didn't do "chick-flick" moments, he knew his mate enjoyed receiving flowers and there was nothing that a good pie couldn't fix in some way, even the coldest of shoulders.
With a quirk of his lips he gently placed the hat on his head, blinking as a flash of light blinded him. Immediately after the blinding light came the low sound of a gong and he removed the hat; rubbing at his eyes to try and get rid of the rapidly dancing dots. Once he could see again he noticed a picture sticking out of a small printer next to the hat and with a smile he lifted the photo. The photo was utterly ridiculous, his face slightly surprised and his eyes showing the flash that had caught him off guard. A robe and tie had been superimposed over his outfit and a black and yellow border framed the photo.
He gave a short snort. "They'll have to get to whatever/whoever it is before me if they want a chance.  But you're right. I just wish this trip had turned out differently, I really wanted you to tour Moondoor and get a feel for what they do."
"It's Sam. Sammy is the name for a chubby fledgling." There was a frown on Sam's face before it slipped away and he was smiling at him. "How have you been? The last I heard you were on border duty."
"Right, well the brute beat on me."
Castiel watched as Jimmy regarded Gabriel; his head tilted just slightly to the left and his eyes narrowed with lips pursed.
His brows furrowed as he listened to Charlie talk, his nose scrunching as he tried to make sense of it. "If Dean takes him to Moondoor..why doesn't he just stay there? You offer a safe place for those that need it and you even showed me some of the dormitory rooms you have. Why keep getting "arrested" just to go?"
"My apologies Mr. Novak, I wasn't aware you hand company."
"Why? We're not in public." He arched his eyebrow as he tilted his head to study the younger man across from him.
"Does that happen a lot around here?" Castiel asked as he turned to look over at Charlie.
"Thank you. I know you seen me place a the pillow down by my feet. I'd like for you to come and kneel on it for me. Can you do that for me?"
His eyes snapped back to the now open door and the tall man filling it. He had short cropped dark hair and eyes that he couldn't tell if they were blue or green with lips that were drawn into a scowl as his gaze fixated on Castiel's face.
"One more step Novak and you become the casualty of a trespassing on private property."  Sam snarled.
"Alright! Enough. To your corners, both of you!" Castiel snarled, his nerves in no state to deal with their squabbling. "Balthazar, your face. What happened?"
"Please forgive my tardiness. My alarm must have been silenced." He grinned as he closed in on the group.
"Show him in Meg, but stay by the door please."
"Oh man Cas, you remember that?  I never thought that Bobby would ever forgive us for that. His prize chicken for the fair that summer were among the ones that we couldn't find." Dean chuckled before wiping his hands on his uniform pants and straitening up. "What're you doing here Cas? Miss my pretty face already?"
Castiel choked on his in drawn breath, his eyes wide and his cheeks heating up as he flicked his eyes over to Dean before looking back at Ash.
“How do you know?”
"Well they put his shoulder back into place, and they put a tourniquet into place but he still kept bleeding. I thinking the horn caught him somewhere else."
"What's this Cas?"
"He's the new, cute twink I'd been watching lately." Castiel groaned quietly as he looked around to make sure no one was close enough to hear him.
Mornings were never Castiel's thing and he groaned as he shifted around in the lumpy guest bedroom at his brother's house in a bid to find a comfortable spot. He had just managed to find the least uncomfortable spot on the mattress and closed his eyes when all the air was suddenly driven from his lungs. He flailed wildly for a moment, tangling himself further in his blanket and then somehow tipping himself out of bed. With a frown in place he looked up over the side of the bed at his niece; her face schooled in an innocent wide eyed expression.
"Seems as if I'm not the only one with a BS detector."
"Back away from him."
Twin gazes caught and held as they shifted into sitting positions, knees just lightly touching. From the outside they were identical and for the sake of their careers any movies they starred in, they were billed as twins. However James "Jimmy" Novak and Castiel Krushnic were not related. They were merely two men blessed with similar looks that happened to meet for the sake of their jobs.
Triggers: None
Dean leaned his head back and rubbed his cheek against Castiel's as he purred softly, and Castiel's eyes closed in contentment as he savored the feeling. For a moment longer the world just consisted of them. The illusion was shattered a second later when Rowena called up the stairs that they'd better be moving their arses or else she'd come up there and retrieve them herself. With a sigh Castiel kissed the bolt of Dean's jaw and pulled away, smoothing down his shirt and then opening the door for the brunette.
"Well first off, God is five so he has nothing to base anything on currently. But the old God..well he definitely didn't care. He liked both."
"I'm staying."
Adam was excited and Dean smiled as he picked up a jar from next to him. It was an octagon shaped jar with a light golden amber color honey. The label was simple with the words "Blue Skies Wild Forest Honey". He handed it back to Adam, and watched through the rearview mirror as the youngest boy opened the jar and dipped the tip of his finger into the sticky substance and then licked it clean.
He and Benny traded cold smiles, their eyes speaking the volumes they wouldn’t give voice too; at least right then anyway, who was to say what would come to light if they found themselves alone at some point. The chilled atmosphere between them seemed to finally register with Dean, the blonde man arching his eyebrow at them before turning away to start back to set. Castiel let the two men get a few feet away before calling out; a half formed thought swirling in his mind.
"Here Dean, let me see that."
Blinking Castiel watched as Dean ran his cheek against Sam's forehead then found Gabriel and repeated the motion before he moved over to him.  They locked eyes, staring for a few moments before Dean moved closer and nuzzled under his chin, dragging his cheek over Castiel's throat and scent gland before moving up to rub against his jaw.
With another huff he nodded, moving away after a moment and tapping Adam's elbow to get the younger man's attention. Red flooded Adam's cheeks as he wrenched his gaze away from where Michael and Rowena were standing. He arched his eyebrow and watched the blush on Adam's face deepen. They left the others to get on the tasks that Dean had given out, Castiel leading Adam to the hall closet where the extra suitcases were stashed.
Dean's words were purred into his ear and Castiel had to keep from groaning out loud, it was if Dean knew exactly each and every button to press. Taking a breath he looked up and quirked his lips in a half grin.
A new shattering filled the air but this time it was the cup in Dean's hand; blood and coffee dripped from the wound on the palm where shards of pottery were embedded but the brunette paid no attention to it.  His eyes were practically glowing green as he moved forward, all the rage and pain of decades having built up and been squashed down finally crashing over him.
Jimmy glared at him before he blew out a breath. "I'm still not used to this logical side of you. Maybe you're growing up."
With a wicked grin he pulled back, nipping Dean's lower lip. "C'mon Love, let me teach out how to take care of that so we can have fun sooner."
"You don't know what you're talking about."
"Yup, heard him call Bobby, Uncle Bobby earlier today."
"Yes."
"Locked away?" Castiel's eyes blazed a bright blue as he faced Sam. "He was imprisoned?"
"Uh..ermn...nice work. How did you know how to.." He waved his hand at the fire.
"Alright Ladies, can't you see the poor boy is embarrassed. I'm sorry, I'm Ellen and we're going to set you two up in the kitchen three down on the right. Has the bright blue circle on it."
"Don't objectify the man Meg." He retorted automatically, though his mind brought up several ideas involving those short shorts.
. I had to have you. My Alpha..he...I couldn't control him."
"I couldn't ask that of your Gadreel. Besides I don't think the Sheriff's office would let you be away for long."
I wanted happy, fluffy birthday stuffs. Instead plot snuck in on me. My apologies.
"C'mon Cas, show me how to use these bad boys." Dean wiggled his eyebrow, feeling lighter than he could ever remember. "In all the bad ways."
"You're partially correct in that regard, you've been removed from the lineage, wiped from the books." Rowena stated, her eyes cold. "What you've done to your own flesh and blood is beyond deplorable."
Words left Castiel at that moment and all the anger he'd held towards the man melted out of him and he shook his head. He put space between them by taking a few steps back, his eyes everywhere but on his father as he tried to compose not only himself but whatever words were left in his mind.
"Jerk." Sam huffed fondly.
"Always knew you'd amount to nothing more than some needy little knot slut."
"You sure? Even if I want you sucking my dick as Cas fucks you open for me so once he's done I can take his place?" The groan Dean gave in response as he rutted between them spurred Jimmy on, his teeth now finding the soft skin just below Dean's ear. "Or maybe while Cas is fucking you, I'm sucking your dick Dean, each thrust from Cas sending further down my throat.."
She gave a small smile and patted his shoulder before turning her attention back to her laptop; tapping away on the keys again. Castiel took his seat again, his fingers twisting together as he worked hard to reign in his thoughts so that he wasn't drowning the room in his worried scent. He was deep in his thoughts when Meg sidled up to his side and placed a hand on his arm, giving it a little squeeze. Looking over and he gave her what he hoped was a smile and not a grimace.
"Ooh, I just figured this was a one time thing, y'know sleep with the porn star just to say you did it.." Dean murmured as he pulled away slightly, nipping the tip of Castiel's thumb lightly. "Not that I mind if that's what it was.."
"We all rode here together in his car. Of course I'm going to smell like him."
"Oh is that so? Is that why John doesn't come around?"
Jimmy and Castiel traded grins before Jimmy leaned in to nibble on Dean's earlobe, his breath warm against the shell as he spoke softly.
"It's a Prism."
"Yes sir."
"We'll work it out, don't worry hot stuff.  This is too good to not share with the public."
Dean looked over at him before looking away again, his voice low, his voice still caught in the same strange tone that Castiel couldn't put a name too.
Both Dean and Jimmy had nodded off during the massage and with a softly huffed laugh Castiel pulled a blanket over the two of them, lightly running his fingers through their hair. Identical grumbles met the soft touch and Castiel found himself chuckling to himself as he turned off the lights and crawled in behind Dean, his breathing slowing as he almost instantly drifted off, utterly content in the moment.
"Dean.."
"Dean."
15: Blue Skies and Apple Pies
"I hate this Cas!" Dean snarled, his eyes flashing enraged gold for a moment before returning to their normal green.
9: Body Mods
"Mm, yes. He helps usher the newly departed towards their ever afters."
Castiel tilted his head but wasn't able to speak any further as Rowena turned him around and gave him a gentle shove. Looking over his shoulder he seen Sam and Gabriel standing and speaking with Henry in low tones. Taking the hint he eased from the room and followed the trail of annoyed Omega through the house. He found Dean standing out on the back patio with a his coat wrapped tightly around him as he watched the pups run around the yard while Amelia and Jimmy chased after them. He stood there quietly just taking in the tense posture of his mate and he felt his heart clench tightly in his chest as he wondered just how long Dean had been carrying this tension.
"No. Unless of course I can work with the Winchesters and find a secure place, well warded to keep all manner of things out.  But can you deal with just snippets of time with them?"
"No. Work. It. Out.  Just don't shoot him." Same grinned over him and Castiel shivered at the look. "That's my job."
Sam's lips were drawn tight and there was just the slightest threading of red in his eyes to belie the seeming calm words.  Castiel felt his own flash so he closed them and focused on taking a couple deep breaths in order to calm himself some, staying as keyed up as he wasn't going to do anyone any sort of good and he knew that.
"No, no, no. We all go or we all stay." Sam snarled.
"Please?"
A quick shower and a couple more teasing jabs at his brother, Castiel found himself slowly walking down the main street staring into all the shop windows as he went. There were a few that he ducked into and studied closer, making small purchases at a few before finally running across Charlie's bookstore.
"Sorry about that Cassie.."
"Azrael's mate was a great command of Garrisons in the host. He won many battles, he balanced his war honed brutality to Azrael's gentle welcoming softness for those that were lost."
7 am came earlier than Dean realized and he sipped at his thermos of home brew blearily, blinking and rubbing at his eyes alternately as he waited. He wasn't sure when his eyes slipped closed but the sound of something scraping against the pavement of the alleyway had them snapping open as he looked around.
Dean shifted again before his fingers went to play with the button and zipper on his jeans. Quite normally that would be enough for him sweep Dean up and carry him into the bedroom but any sort of intimate time was the furthest from his mind right then.
"I never pegged you as one to make these grandiose overtures of self sacrifice. Seems like something more in the Winchesters wheelhouse. But then again you've always had a rather inflated sense of importance haven't you Kestrel?"
The two fell silent as they realized that the war room wasn't as empty as they had thought; Charlie playfully ruffling Jack's hair as Dean patted the younger celestial's shoulder. Green met Blue and for a moment time seemed to stop; something that Castiel knew was not physically possible without outside interference and he currently didn't feel anything in the air other than a warmth from the way that he and Dean stared at one another. The sound of Charlie clearing her throat broke the gaze and Castiel could see the light flush of color over Dean's cheeks as he looked away; the red highlighting the dusting of freckles on his face.  After that Dean was hurried out of the room by Charlie, the red talking a mile a minute about getting Dean fitted for a new Hand Maiden outfit.
"Yeah, I'm here. I was just thinking." He shook his head before looking over at Sam. "So tell me Sam, what is it you do? You mentioned an office?" Sam's face lit up before he settled on a stool near the counter. It was obvious he didn't get a chance to talk much about what he did. Before he could go into anything however his phone started ringing and with a frown he waved a distracted goodbye to them and headed out the front door, his voice wafting in as the door shut behind him.
Dean's head dropped and his shoulders hunched as he tried to make himself smaller and a sharp stabbing pain ripped through Castiel’s chest causing him to gasp and grip the table in front of him as it all went dark.
The smile that Chief aimed at him made a warmth bloom in Dean's chest and he felt his face heat more.
“And the money?”
He narrowed his eyes again at his brother; snapping his teeth at him in annoyance as the other had the audacity to look smug as he crossed his arms over his chest.
"Mm, yessir." Jimmy mumbled softly as he pushed himself up onto trembling legs.
"It's fine, that's what ovens are for."
"Cas...Alpha...go. If it's a false alarm then no harm done, but if he's right then we need to get a move on." Dean's voice was soft as he leaned up to nuzzle against his throat.
"That's sounds like a bunch of made up fairy-tale shit. Just like True Mates. Anything to make one manifestation seem better than the other." Meg huffed, her eyes still glowing dangerously. "I mean, every knows that male Omegas can't get anyone pregnant. Their juice isn't strong enough."
"Could you see the driver's face? Or anything about them?"
Confused Castiel looked over at Sam, his head tilted slightly to the side in questioning. With a heavy exhale the other Alpha explained briefly, his eyes never leaving his brother and mate.
"I was..you stayed with our..mother. I was farmed out to who I thought was my mother." Castiel's face twisted up in a scowl as he started to pace.
"Sammy. Stand down!" Dean's voice was calm but at the edges there rang steel and it was dangerous.
Castiel's forehead furrowed as he tried to think of all the places he and Dean had visited when they were younger. There were so many places that he wasn't even sure where to begin. He frowned as he gently shoved Dean's shoulder.
"Nope. So tell me the real reason."
3: Rainbows
"Morning Clarence. You're up early I see."
Both he and Jimmy turned to her, growling low in their throats at her. He watched as she rolled her eyes at them again before planting her hands on her hips and giving them a flat stare.
"It's ok Andy..it's ok. I have a couple rooms open here if you'd want to stay." She ran her hand up and down the Omega's spine in a soothing manner. "Ron's here too. I know you two get a long well. Might make you feel better."
Huffing Dean slid over and sat up, scrunching his nose before he settled against the headboard, his fingers running through his short hair. He followed suit, his eyes running over Dean's face.
"Well someone has to serve you lovely ladies. This is a night for you all to relax. Sam and I will be manning the bar while Dean will handling all the food. And just wait until you taste his cooking, he's a master in the kitchen. Coulda been a chef that one."
Castiel waved his free hand as he took a larger sip of his drink all the while trying to not think of what those extras were that needed to be taken care of.
out on you.” He smirked as he felt Jimmy shiver lightly in his lap. “Then today, he was calling us Mr. Krushnic and Mr. Novak, so I told him to call us by our names. Then just to test my theory I called him a “Good Boy” and Jimmy you should have seen the pretty red that crawled over his throat and cheeks.” He clicked his tongue, his smile growing slightly wider. "Not to mention I  heard Benny practically say that Dean did those type of movies before. They must be on another site, I haven't seen any on Wicked Webb's sight, either that or it's in a more appropriate category for it." He trailed off, his mind already on the idea of trying to find those Dean Smith videos.
"C'mon now Dean, you know he's better off without you...just like your Daddy was. I mean it took him two years the first time to find you, and even then it wasn't him that found you, one of my guys just happened to be lax and that redheaded Alpha bitch seen you. Speaking of her, I'm sure she's glad to be rid of you too. I mean you only took up her time and the resources of the clinic. Now she's free to look after much more worthy clients."
"He's telling the truth. Adam has a different Oma, your Oma just met him."  Castiel kept his scent neutral and his voice calm in order to keep the situation from escalating.
"We?" He tore his gaze away from the tableau in front of him to look over at Meg.
Andy shook his head as he toyed with the cuff of his zippered sweatshirt. The scent of worried Omega made Castiel want to comfort him but he was sure that if he made a move that it would cause Andy to have a panic attack. Charlie got up from her desk and moved slowly towards Andy, holding her arms out to Andy for a hug.
"Because yo're patient, kind, and you just understand how he works. You always have, even back in the day you just seemed to get him."
"Missed you."
Panting Castiel pulled away, searching Dean's face before swooping back in for another kiss, his hands slipping under Dean's shirt and running over the warm skin. They traded soft moans between their lips, swallowing them away and working more free as time and all responsibilities faded away until there was nothing left but each other and what little space there was between them.
The lecherous grin that flashed over Dean's face had Castiel rolling his eyes and he nudged Dean lightly before holding out a bite of meat. They passed the next few minutes quietly, Castiel taking one bite after every three that Dean took. Soon the plate was empty and Castiel set it aside before turning and holding his arms open for Dean.  With no other prompting the Omega climbed into his lap and turned his face against Castiel's scent gland.
"Cas?!"
"I..I can't leave them on their own Gabe, they were children! Children Gabriel! Younger than I was..they need someone.."
"Yes."
"Really?"
Alastair let out a sigh before he clicked his tongue at Dean. "What will I do with you? You were so well behaved before they removed you from Azazel. I worked so hard to make sure you were a properly obedient Omega and now...well now you're going to need to go through training all over again."
"About who?"
Dean trailed off as the thought that had been nagging him finally became clear. He jumped up from his place on the couch and made his way over to his duffle and started to dig through it, so completely focused on task at hand that he didn't notice that Jack had followed him over. He scowled as he rooted deeper and deeper into the bag until his fingers brushed against the item he was looking for. With a triumphant 'aha!' he pulled out a clear crystal and turned around only to jump back in alarm.
"So pious Castiel. Always the Martyr. You should be rewarded."
"So a Breedery?"
He smiled as a mop of brown hair darted across the lawn and attached itself to Dean's side. Lucas, their other adopted son was a nine year old, selectively mute little boy that never left Dean's side for long.  The two had a bond that sometimes even mystified him, but even he could see how much Lucas had come out of his shell since he came to live with them. A warmth settled in his chest, his family was safe, flourishing, and everything was as it should be. Sure there were still times where Dean had nightmares and sometimes would withdraw into himself and need extended nesting time--sometimes with his family and sometimes by himself just surrounded in their scents--but he knew that those were always going to be a part of his mate no matter how the frequency of them lessened. Things weren't always easy and they did have their fights, but over all they were happy and love filled their home and that was all that Castiel could ask for.
"No, but I'm not dealing with your pining scent stinking up my pizzeria."
"Hey Clarence. Hey, we've got one coming in.."
It was as if the air had been sucked from the room in an instant, Castiel's chest felt tight and he glanced over at Charlie unsurprised to see her lips curled in a snarl. He swallowed away a growl as he let Meg's words bounce around in his mind. Omega Auctions were highly frowned upon with some states going so far as making them illegal. They still happened of course but only in underground clubs and talked about in hushed whispers behind closed doors.
"Yes Cassie?"
"Hmm, is that so?"
The scene he came upon had him arching his eyebrow as the taller man was face to face with a shorter but broader man who still seemed to be wearing some sort of makeup. Meg was in between them but didn't seem to be doing much. Sighing he rubbed his temples before moving over and clearing his throat. When that didn't work placed two fingers in his mouth and whistled loudly.
"Clarence you have a visitor." Meg stood just inside the door, her lips set in a thin line. "A Sheriff's deputy is here to see you. Must be new because I've never seen him before."
"Assbutts?"
"All I did was pat her ass in passing." Lucifer finally snarled. "All Omega's enjoy a good ass pat as a greeting. I was extremely gentle."
"Are you sure?" At Gadreel's head nod Castiel turned his attention to Daphne. "Are you ok with this? You've only just met."
"Humans can't perceive us unless we wish them too."
“Man this looks like Greek or some shit. How can you look at this and not go crossed eyed.”
The explosive silence felt heavy and Castiel waited for Dean to react, to lash out verbally. What he didn't expect was for Dean to nod in tentative agreement.
“Rowena, it’s been a long time. You still look lovely.”
Once again he pulled back; stilling himself and watching as Dean and Jimmy moved in tandem, their movements causing Dean's straining erection to brush against his own and pulling a deep groan him. Jimmy's movements became more erratic and Castiel knew it wouldn't be much longer before the other man lost complete control.
Pairing: Librarian Dean/Teacher Cas
"Peachy. Just...tired."
With a head nod Castiel took the suit and disappeared into the room, making quick work of putting the outfit on and then going back out to have it looked over.  Crowley tipped his head back and forth, squinting and moving over and straightening the material before shaking his head and waving his hand.
Before Crowley could even retort, a smile worked it's way over the man's face and he knew without turning why.
She set her laptop down with a flourish; a grim smile on her face as she looked at the group over her shoulder. She then turned her attention back to the computer and with a couple clicks of a button several window boxes popped up each one looking to be from home surveillance cameras.
"Know what?"
"I.." Castiel swallowed, his face even redder than before though his words were coming out steadier now. "I wanted to... I wanted to be more intimate with my True Mate or who I thought was my True Mate. So I found off campus housing, a small two bedroom apartment. We were moving in and I was hanging pictures of my family up when Jimmy seen one with Dad in it. He demanded to know how I knew his father. Confused I replied that that was my father and I didn't know his father. After a bit of back and forth we both pulled out our family photos and shared them with each other. It started to click then why we smelled like home to each other but we wanted to know for sure so we sent away for one of those DNA tests."
Benny for all intents and purposes was the poster boy for what an Alpha should be. Strong and wide of chest, a warm, full scent with an underlying thread of steel. He should have been a cover model for those romance novels Castiel seen dotting stores. The mans warm brown hair held hints of grey in it and his eyes were a clear pale blue. Any one would be lucky to count him among their suitors.
In fact every time they crossed paths Gabriel found a new facet of Dean's intelligence to be surprised by. Gabriel's favorite kernel of knowledge was that Dean's "GED" was really an honors Diploma that no one even knew he had. And how could they when they moved around so much and Dean never did his homework at home; preferring to do it in school and turn it in then.  So when Gabriel had taken it upon himself to help Sam 'acclimate to life without Dean' he put the older hunter into his own pocket dimension where Dean could indulge his intelligence without hiding it. Once in a while he would drop by and just watch as Dean navigated the dimension; living up to everything he was capable of and living the type of life he deserved. One of his favored memories from that false world was listening to Dean chatter away with friends during his electrical engineering class and about designing an optical implant that could restore lost sight.  It saddened him that he had to pull Dean away at Sam's insistence.
There was something about his room mate that he couldn’t pin down. The boy with the bright green eyes always hidden by black square glasses and a text book. He wasn’t overly loud, in fact he could count on one hand just how many times he’d heard him laugh. Still there was something about Dean Winchester that grabbed his attention and refused to let it go. Right then the boy in question was sitting at his desk going over what looked like a term paper of some sort, the capped end of his pen tapping against his lower lip as he stared out of their tiny dorm window lost in thought. And it was driving him to distraction.
Gently Castiel cupped Dean's face, his eyes touching on every plane of the face in front of him as if he were looking at the other Angel for the first time. Slowly, as if to give Dean time to move away, he leaned in, bumping his nose against Dean's before slotting their lips together. The first touch of their lips sent fire racing through his blood and Castiel gasped as fragments of Dean's memories flashed through his mind. Memories of his time in Hell, at the pieces of his grace that were cut away and the feathers that were plucked ruthlessly. Tears wet his face as he squeezed his eyes tighter together. Finally he pulled back though they didn't need breath; panting as he rested his forehead against the brunettes.
"And you are?"
"So why the change today?"
"He was lost Castiel, so very lost. We lost thousands between Angel and Humans. He...Father sent him down to Harrow Hell, locked him away in the Cage with Lucifer, fearing that Azrael had fallen beyond redemption."
"Not here as in in your house you lump. I'll be staying in town, most likely with Fergus. Once a week I'll be seeing the pups for lessons on their history and teaching them about their Pure Line heritage." She arched her eyebrow at the two of them. "It also wouldn't hurt the rest of the pack to sit in and do some learning either you know. It'll help you understand the pack dynamic you have and maybe yourselves a bit better."
They left his mother's house, Samandriel munching through a baggie of cookies that she'd sent home with them. Castiel's mind was whirling with even more questions than he had before he arrived.
"I-I'll, sit next to you...I'm kinda heavy, don't want to break your knees." Dean joked even as his face heated.
The light faded from around them and he blinked slowly before pushing himself to his feet and taking stock of the vessel and healing the wounds instantly and completely. He felt Jimmy squirming as Claire stared up at them, her eyes slightly unfocused. Gently putting Jimmy under he started towards the exit, he had to leave and quickly. Dimly he heard Dean calling out to him as he went.
Nodding, Castiel finished the after nap snack and left Samandriel in charge of making sure that everyone ate at least a little something. Quickly he washed his hands and lead Sam to his in home office; shutting the door behind them. With a calmness that belied the absolute chaos running through his mind, he waved Sam over towards a chair while he took a seat behind his desk.  Once seated he pinned his brother-in-law with a weighty stare.
Nodding his head he placed the second empty glass down and followed after the shorter man through the door. They made their way down a short hallway before coming to stop in a room that has a semi-circle  of mirrors around a small raised stage while off to one side were racks of suits and vests.
"Moondoor. Everyone got brought back here...well everyone but that Alastair guy. Talk about a piece of work. That guy is a total douche. All the Omegas are being checked in by the on site staff. They have a lot of room here y'know, able to take all these poor souls in and get them started back on the right path."
Castiel pulled back slightly and stared down at Dean, questioning without words whether or not they wanted to believe Rowena's claim. After a moment or two, Dean gave a slight roll of his shoulder and Castiel flicked his gaze back over to Rowena.
Through a haze he seen his grandfather shoving his way past the ring of Alpha's, his teeth bared as he snarled and snapped at them. Dean felt rather than seen Henry moving around him and he whined in an attempt to call Henry to him. Another convulsion wracked his body and curled back in on himself. This had to be what dying felt like.
"My name is Castiel."
Suddenly Adam looked years younger as he looked down at Dean and Castiel felt his heart constrict painfully. What would have this young man's life been like if Sam and Dean had known about him, if John had been more present in his life. Would he have been sold off too? Or would have Adam's mother taken both Sam and Dean under her wing as her own and fought John? He felt Dean gently tug himself free from his hold and watched as Adam and Dean exchanged numbers, he even gave Adam Sam's number in case he wanted to call him to talk.
"Adam..did you kick at Claire?" Dean asked as he pulled the younger boy into his arms and checked him over.
Castiel had been about to make some sort of sarcastic retort when Dean opened his eyes, the normally green orbs a brilliant molten gold as they stared down at him. It was if all breath had been stolen right from his lungs and the sudden red tint at the edges of his vision let him know that his eyes had gone red. Dean shifted once more, rocking back against him before he surged to his feet and darted away, leaving Castiel confused and panting in the dirt.
"Well, I didn't realize where until after I caught Dean and Gabriel fighting a few days ago."
It was silent again and Castiel itched to do or say something to break it, even if it meant him getting up and just leaving. He was saved however from any sort of movement or speech by Dean speaking up even though the other man still wouldn't look at him.
Sweaty and exhausted Castiel turned them on their sides, throwing one of Dean's legs over his hips and the other between his legs as he ran his hands up and down Dean's back and murmuring soothing nonsense in his ear. He felt Dean's breathing even out and he smiled to himself as he nuzzled the top of Dean's hair before he felt himself drift off.
"He does seem to take charge easily." Castiel's murmured as he draped himself over Jimmy's back and nipping at his earlobe. "Imagine him doing that to you...hearing him order you to your knees so he can fuck your face. You'd like that wouldn't you Jimmy? Would you be as good a boy for Dean as you are for me?"
"Why? You like those types. Remember Uriel? You took immense pleasure in breaking him Cas."
"You're going to get fat Dean." Sam piped up, his lips twisted in a scowl.
"Benny? Teddy Bear Benny is dangerous? To who? A blood bank?"
Castiel watched silently as Sam reached out and gently rubbed his wrist over Gabriel's', scent marking him stealthily before moving back and sticking his hands in his pockets.
They both stood there and stared at one another, Dean's cheeks heating as the other man arched an eyebrow at him; and damn if that didn't make his stomach flip in all the best ways. After a few moments; or maybe hours who knew really it wasn't like Dean was checking his watch; Dean cleared his throat and down at the paper he'd forgotten he had in his hand.
"You can find me during normal library hours, or if you find me later I'll give you my number and you can call me after hours."
Castiel took his hand and gave it a firm shake. "No hard feelings, it's rather refreshing to see safety taken so seriously around here, but with Dean running things I shouldn't be surprised." He gave a small smile before he let his curiosity get the better of him. "Pardon me for my ignorance, but what is a 'Heat Companion'?"
"You think?" Gabriel asked as he got up, one golden eyebrow arched as he looked at him.
He and Benny sized each other up, their hand shake more a scrabble for dominance with Benny being the larger man and just barely winning out in the show of strength. Dean seemed oblivious to the entire exchange, his brow furrowed as he listened to something on his head set. Rolling his eyes he finally turned his attention back to them.
The man, Gad, retreated into the building and let them in, but only enough to where he could close the door before he reached for a phone on the wall and punched in a number.
"Yeah Balty, get cause messing around with another mated Omega again?" Meg asked with a smirk.
“And I was filming it.” Benny added in.
"Because it would have taken too long. We're talking about an eighteen hour plus drive compared to a four and half hour flight.  And as much as I normally don't want to peel your face off Clarence, I would have to had to do it just on principal alone if we drove."
"My place?" Dean asked, his voice cold and even. "No one put me in my place except myself. And my place is leader of my pack."
"What?"
Dean gave Gabriel one more shake the action slamming the shorter man's head into the metal of the trailer before stepping away from him. He cleared his throat and swiped his hands down his shirt as if to straighten out any wrinkles.
"All Alphas with one Omega...at this point. I won't know the other's until they've made their entrance into this world. But keep an eye on Claire and Emma. Those two are going to be headstrong Alpha's. Emma's got so much warrior blood in her veins that she'd have been a highly ranked fighter in the old days, a leader of her own garrison. Claire, while I am unsure of where her's came since the Novak line is not a warrior based line, she's got the same strength in spades, another one that would be a highly ranked fighter. They will make quite the team as they grow up. Ben is a sweet Alpha, I was quite surprised he wasn't an Omega honestly. He's got the makings of a Healer, he's very much your exact duplicate Dean, with the exception of being an Alpha. Mary we already know. She's got the same fight as Emma and Claire but not as strong, her head is bit cooler and will allow her to think things through more. That leads us to young Jack. He's our Omega..and our Magic User. I thought Mary was strong but he's go much innate knowledge and power..this young pup embodies both the warrior and the intellectual side of the Pure Lines."
The tension was starting to grow between the brothers and Dean cleared his throat before gently pulling away from Castiel and turning towards the house.
The being tilted his head, his eyes narrowed before they opened in shock. Slowly as if it were afraid of startling him, it reached forward with one dark iridescent wing. Without thinking, what Dean had thought was a blanket moved and he watched as another wing; his own wing; moved forward to mesh their feathers together.  A bolt of electricity jolted them both and they stared at one another. Colors sharpened as they moved as one and crashed their lips together, their wings folding around them to block them from the world.
"Everyone knows about John and how he left Dean and Sam to fend for themselves our senior year. It was all anyone could talk about."
"Did you bring your Omega partner here Cas? Does she know you're here with me?"
"You know Father won't let you...you're an Archangel Azrael.." It was the short one that spoke then, his hand coming to rest on Dean's shoulder. "He'll bring you back, but wipe your memory..you won't remember him if that happens.."
Trying to set up a time to meet with his mother proved to be problematic. They played a long game of telephone before he was able to concrete a date. During that time he tried to search up as much information as possible about his father. Not that there was much available online other than information about his companies. His personal life on the other hand seemed to be as non-existent as the man himself was in his children’s lives. The lack of information soured his mood and more than once he snapped at Dean and even once at Samandriel and Lucas for playing a video game too loud.
"Hands off my suit Puppy." Crowley's voice was low and there was a twinge of red around his iris. "You bloody American Pure Alpha's. All rage, no decorum."
When he'd awoken the next morning Dean was already gone and Castiel scowled deeply; Dean never left without waking Castiel for a good morning kiss. He never went to bed without one either, but Castiel blanked on the last time he'd kissed his mate. Grumbling he made his way downstairs expecting his pups to be settled in front of the tv or in a circle around Samandriel as the young Alpha read to them, Jack nestled in his lap. His house however was quiet, no mate or pups. Teeth on edge he quickly looked outside to see if maybe they were in the back yard but again the space was empty.
"We'll need to set a day then to go." Dean murmured as he rubbed a hand up and down his arm.
Dean stopped pacing and Castiel watched as his shoulders dropped down from where they'd been pulled up towards his ears.
"Come now James, is that any way to treat your brothers? Besides we just met Cassie here. We should get to know better dontcha think?"
Dean snorted as he looked over at him. "Samuel was Mom's dad. Henry was Dad's. He was..he was Dad's Omega father. He and my Grandma Millie--who was an Alpha--owned all of this at one time. At least that's what his journal said. According to a couple entries they had a few problems with some of the locals, people against them because they felt that their roles were perverted since Henry was the Omega."  Dean's lips twisted into a snarl even as he continued. "Winchester's apparently had a long line of male Omega's going back as far as Henry could trace the lineage. Grandma Millie did all she could to protect Henry but things kept happening. and then Henry just disappeared. Well that's what the news clipping that was tucked inside Henry's journal said."
"What's the matter? Don't want him to see you before the big day?"
"Dean don't make me get Sam. You know he'll agree with me."
The blonde was clad in a deep black suit; the lapels a shiny black that drew ones eyes towards the green vest that sat snugly against the man's frame and even going as far as accentuating the slight flare of Dean's hips. Tucked in behind the vest was a tie that was charcoal in color while a green pocket square peeked up out of the suits breast pocket. It was all Castiel could do to swallow, his tongue feeling ten sizes too big for his mouth at that moment.
"Maybe not, but sitting here stinking up the entire floor with your worried Alpha scent isn't helping anything either. Plus doesn't Charlie work there? Maybe she'll have some new information."
All of a sudden the tingle in his blood exploded and Castiel groaned loudly as large black iridescent wings exploded from his back  and curled around him to lay against the pavement while the fog that had been obscuring everything in his mind lifted. Panting he fell to his knees, his eyes shut as thousands of memories came rushing back to him.
"That's...huh.."
“C’mon Dean, it’s just one night off. You can afford to do that. I’ve seen your grades, you’re practically acing every single class. It’s like you’ve done this all before and are just taking refresher courses.”
That drew Castiel up short and he tilted his head slightly to the right. "Dean? As in Dean Winchester?"
It was years later when his eyes slowly opened to take in the world around him, colors muted and memories of who, what he once was locked away. And he grew up; Dean Winchester, son of John Winchester and one of the children with Angelic destiny. In the back of his mind he knew something was missing, he could feel a void in his soul that no matter what he did he couldn't fill it. No matter how many people he surrounded himself with he felt alone and there was nothing he could do to change it.  But he pushed it down, buried the feeling so deep down that soon he was accused of being as unfeeling as a marble statue and he liked it that way.
"Truly regrettable." Castiel's lips twisted into a similar snarl as he stared at the blonde headed man. "I'm Castiel."
The two boys looked between each other and Castiel found himself watching them hold an entire conversation without one word being uttered between them. That definitely had to have been picked up from Sam and Dean, those two were pros at that sort of communication and Castiel had to bite back the soft huffed laugh.  After a few moments of silent conversation Samandriel looked over at him.
A snarl crawled out of Castiel's throat, they were going to tear the pups away from the Omegas. It was cruel both to the pups and their Omega mothers, they needed the bonding time to insure they were getting the proper immune support. By the time he'd manage to settle his Alpha back down he noticed that Crowley was leading Jimmy and Balthazar through rooms, showing off the different Omegas. They were all bound to Breeding benches like Meg had told them. Some were in fact blindfolded and their noses closed to stop scenting. Others were allowed full use of their senses but Castiel supposed it was due to the depth of their Heat.
He hummed and pressed another kiss to Dean's throat, his cheeks flushed hotly.
"You look..amazing Dean."
His eyes flicked over to Meg who waved him away.
"Mmm, always but I have something to show you."
Crowley's smile was sharp and he growled at the shorter Alpha, taking yet another step towards him.
"Do you have to do that where people can see it?" John bit out when Cas leaned in to press a kiss to Dean's temple.
"Wild horses couldn't keep me away." Dean licked his lips before biting the lower one. "Besides you promised to either fuck me or eat me. And I want to see which you choose."
"Good Boy, thank you."
"Of course. It doesn't matter if you can give me pups or not. We can always try but if we can't have our own we can always adopt." He nuzzled Dean's temple, his hand stroking gently up and down Dean's back.
"Still locked up at last check and I have them sending me hourly updates. Him getting out is the last thing we need.."
"It's ok, I don't mind." Gadree's voice was soft.
"I haven't gone anywhere." The words were gruff and Castiel watched as Dean's shoulders tensed. "I've been right where you've left me...left us...your family."
"I take care of all my pups."
Two hours later found him, Charlie, Meg, and Gabriel sequestered in a van hidden just inside the woodline that bordered the sprawling mansion where Balthazar's informant had given them directions too. Frown in place Castiel watched through Jimmy's body camera as he and Balthazar moved through the rooms, meeting different people and trading off color jokes. He'd grown bored after a only a few moments, none of the people they encountered so far were even from town, but then an annoyingly grating, annoyingly familiar voice drifted through the speakers.
"No more a drunk than you. At least he cared if Sam and I lived or died." Dean's teeth were bared as the pain grew another few decibels more intense before the sound of ripping cloth filled the air.
Dean tilted his head, his eyes squinted in extreme confusion at that point as he looked down at the box in his hand and then back at Castiel. He opened his mouth before shaking his head and after fishing a knife from his back pocket carefully cut through the tape.
He cast a look at his brother before backing off and taking a few calming breaths. Running a hand through his hair Castiel started looking around the room, taking in the items it contained. It was then that he noticed the open drawers with clothing spilling out to the floor. There didn't seem to be too many missing though he couldn't be sure if anything had been taken or if Dean was just messy with his clothes.
Gabriel nodded as he motioned towards the door. "We'll see."
Heat flashed over Castiel's face and he shook his head. "No! I mean..I am properly...underclothed...I just don't see the point of getting down to that clothing just for measurements."
Castiel felt a balloon of hope start to inflate in his chest right behind his breast bone as a smile slipped over his lips. In the farthest part of his mind he was still wondering why these feelings were present in the first place, Dean was his friend, they had been friends for as long as he could remember and yet in just a few hours he felt as if his whole world had been tipped onto it's axis and spinning out of control. The rest of the ride was quiet, but the silence was companionable and all too soon they were pulling into the driveway of Gabriel's home.
He groaned as he shoved Gabriel off of him, rolling his eyes as he stood. Dusting off his trench coat he motioned between Meg and Gabriel.
"Uh, well thanks for the update." He shifted slightly with a grimace as he noticed the state of the jeans he was wearing. "Uh, do you have something else I could put on, these is rather...uh.."
"It's not like that Jimmy. I thought Crowley was lying when he told me. So I locked the papers away and forgot about them until a week ago." He looked down at his hands, unsure of himself and wondering again if telling Jimmy was the right thing to do.
"First let me bring out the elder Omega, he's properly trained and docile, he's good with pups of all ages so there's no worry about him around any other pups you  might have."
Had fire not been crawling through his veins with the intensity of fresh lava he would have admired how quickly Dean shed his clothing before situating himself as ordered. His normally bright green eyes were now a deep crimson as he watched Cas' every move, his tongue darting out to wet his lips.  The smell of Alpha arousal was thick in the air but he knew that his mate wouldn't do anything unless told.
"Not yet but it can be."
"Calm down my boy, I pose no threat to your pup." At Dean's snarl she rolled her eyes. "Or your mate."
"What are you thinking about" He asked quietly as he moved over and settled down next to the blonde.
After gathering the information about the car in question and Andy had left the room, he and Charlie shared a look before calling Sam and relaying the information before Charlie started to set up with Benny about keeping watch outside of Andy's home while Ash stealthily put up cameras to catch any and all activity.
The days following Alistair and John's escape had everyone on high alert; Henry and Dean didn't go anywhere without two Alpha's accompanying them and everyone converged on Dean and Castiel's house--safety in numbers after all.  Castiel could see the strain it was putting on Dean and he hated that he had to treat his mate like fragile spun glass but his inner Alpha wouldn't accept anything less. So it came as no surprise when Dean finally had enough and threw a fit loud enough for half the county to have heard though he immediately regretted it and slunk off to their room to sulk.
When the lights flashed back on it was utter madness, Benny and Ash had Alastair pinned against the stage while Sam was trying to get Dean up out of his kneeling position while Henry knelt next to him, seemingly talking to him, his hands moving with his words. Then the view was temporarily blocked as Jimmy jumped onto the stage and Castiel hurried and switched his camera angle from Balthazar's body camera to Jimmy's just in time to pick up Dean's words as he stared up at Jimmy, his expression confused.
"And so everyone is just letting this...Dean..stew in his own mind? You mentioned his brother as well as Clarence's here and the fact he's pulled away from them..what has anyone done and why come all this way for Clarence's help. How long has this been going on?"
"It's nice..I didn't know that people still did mating gifts. What'd you get him?"
He blinked slowly at his daughter. At nine years old she was already nearly as tall as he was--something he figured she inherited the same height genes that Sam had but overlooked him.
Jimmy elbowed him, his face turned away to hide his blush as he hissed lowly. “Jackass.”
"But you weren't the only one..oh no. The mark, it was killing him, turning him into his dark creature that lashed out and took out everyone in his way and yet as you fought and he had you on the ground with the angel blade held high he couldn't go through with it either...he gave you a warning just as you had before when you were trying to be Dad. You know what I find the most interesting about that moment...was that Cain had told him that your death would be especially hard on him...that it would start to form the cracks..seems funny to me..Dean Winchester the murderer of all things Supernatural and hater of Angels...feeling for one of those...what does he call us..." He tapped his chin before grinning.. "Oh yeah....feathery flying dicks..."
"We love you Alfie, you're our pup, our first born pup. Our little Alpha."
"Nothing. There's nothing wrong with her, she is sweet. And headstrong. She's going to be a handful for Jimmy.."
"Sammy.." Dean started; his cheeks looking suspiciously pink.
"I don't know Lucifer, I'd say you deserved it." Michael piped up from his seat.
"Yes."
"Morning Cas."
"Yes Clarence, the rodeo. Just because you don't go out and have fun doesn't mean I don't. I wanted to see some cute men with tight little asses riding bulls and maybe take one home. But are you going to let me finish now?"
Castiel grinned as he set his empty bottle down on the coffee table. "Well you were never the most astute Gabriel. But it seems to have worked out for you. I can't remember seeing you this happy."
Sleep didn't come easy for Castiel, in fact he'd have been lucky to have gotten two hours total the entire night. He stood on the balcony of his hotel room sipping his coffee as the sun rose, the inky black bleeding into lavender then orange and gold before fading to light blue. His lips curled into a grimace, the day had no right to dawn as bright as it had as if the world wasn't missing a beloved person, as if he wasn't missing his mate.
Castiel's jaw clenched but he forced a nod, he knew that Charlie was doing her best and that if anyone could get the information it would be her. At this point it was a waiting game and trying to find out all possible leads.
"No! NOOOOOOOOOO!"
"I suggest you show him some respect." The words were growled in a tone so low that it was just short of guttural and it took Castiel a moment to realize that they had come from him.
The way the words rolled off of Ash's tongue made it seem like common knowledge and Castiel had to concede that to them it was common, to him not so much. The words however did send a small tingle down Castiel's spine knowing that Dean was not getting mated to his brother and that Gabriel was not being unfaithful. However the scenting display from earlier was now even more confusing.
His growl brought Meg's gaze back over to himself and Gadreel held up a hand, his eyes dropping and his head tilting slightly to the side in submission.
Silence was thick around them and Castiel felt his blood run cold. He knew his brother wasn't a fan of the Winchesters, he had always felt that Dean was a bad influence on him when they were growing up but he'd never thought that his brother would ever be that callous. He risked a look over at Dean and seen the ashen look to the man's face as he hugged the younger boy close.
Dean felt his face blanche but he shook his head. They were long hours but the pay they were offering made it worth it.
"Shut it you Hobbit. Anyway...just hanging out all day is going to call attention to myself and people are going to notice when I'm here every day all day. If you want to keep me an uncover guard, then maybe I should be..employee or something along those lines."
"As if I would ever trust you Ash to keep them all in line, I barely trust myself." Gabriel turned to Castiel and patted his shoulder. "Guys, this is my baby brother Cassie..."
Samandriel shook his head and Dean let out a huff of a sigh before moving over and placing his hands on the glass and peering into the interior.
The tips of his ears turned pink and he moved to the side with a mumbled apology. Rowena waved him off as she brushed past him on her way towards one of the over stuffed chairs in the living room.
"Because he's a jerk." She pouted as she looked up at him, her eyes starting to sparkle with tears. "He called my Grumpy Cat hoodie stupid!"
"You are a sad, sad man and I feel for you. I shouldn't, you haven't earned the right for me to feel anything towards you or for you. But I do, you're going to learn too late in life that you have nothing and no one to stand besides you in the twilight of your life and that "legacy" you hold so highly in regard will do little to keep you warm." Castiel pulled a deep breath, releasing it slowly as he finally fixed his gaze on the man before him. "You are not welcomed here, not in my home. If James wants to welcome you into his that's his prerogative. But you will not be part of my family, I will not force my pups to spend a moment in your company. If they wish to look you up later when they are older than so be it. But for now, you are nothing and nobody to them."
"Medicinal? You mean edibles right?"
"You smell that? He's close, and just in time for the auction."
"You wrap up in extra blankets at night...you wear blockers all the time." Castiel turned wide, sorrowful eyes to his mate. "Our room doesn't even smell like our room...our house smells...cold."
"An Omega Sheriff? That's rich. Who'd you have to let knot you to get that position."
"At least you have one you like." The smirk on Sam's face was playful and he laughed as he headed over to the counter, pulling out a paper order form and pushing it over to Gabriel. "Here's her request. Apparently the bust was a lot bigger than any one anticipated."
The longer Castiel stayed hidden the less the conversation made sense. Maybe it was some sort of DND thing that Dean was into and they were working out some sort of plot line. Watching as Dean's shoulders tensed more and the brunette hunched over in a protective stance was the deciding factor that Castiel had had enough. He straightened up and moved away from his hiding place, a cocky smirk on his face as he strolled over towards the trio.
"Are you ok?"
Castiel felt his brow furrow as he looked over at the young man quickly before settling his gaze back on the road again.
"I-I'm sorry, that was rude.."
"If you're quite done whispering about me.."
"Alright B--holy hell! What went on in here?" Gabriel asked as his hose scrunched up from the stench.
There was a moment of silence before Sam answered sullenly. "Yes."
It was an old Omega's trick, one that Dean hated to use but did when absolutely needed. As expected it had the desired effect, Castiel turned his full attention to him and softly cupped Dean's face between his large, warm hands. He bent down and pressed their foreheads together for a moment, rubbing their noses together lightly before speaking.
"So...Dean stopped using the services, that's a good thing yes? Means he's handling them on his own." Meg stated, her arms crossed over her chest, a challenging look on her face.
"At first I took his quietness as his acclimation of moving into his own place full time. But even then after Sam and your brother's honeymoon he continued to be quiet, withdrawn...and according to your brother he pulled away from the nesting therapy and now barely even shows up to the facility. He comes to work at the Sheriff's department but he's locking himself into his office and when he does interact with anyone else he's short tempered and aggressive."
It was rare that the two of them ever agreed on a person and when it did happen they made plans for them share the other person at the same time. It led to some interesting after shoot parties that lasted well into the night. The main difference between the two was that Castiel was more dominate and enjoyed rougher trysts while Jimmy liked to take things slow, romance the other person before sleeping with them.
"You don't know for certain that that's Dean." Jimmy hissed even as he stared intently at the thumbnail.
As he approached the archway every scent that had teased him since arriving wrapped around him and he closed his eyes as inhaled deeply again, letting out a small groan. Eyes fluttering open as he stepped into the large open kitchen his gaze landed on the only other occupant there; a sleepy, sweat pant and ratty t-shirt wearing Dean. For a moment Castiel just let himself take in the tableau before him, Dean leaning against the counter his hair tousled as if he had just rolled out of bed himself, his sweats riding so low on his hips Castiel was wondering how they were even still on and grumbling in sleep wrecked voice at the coffee machine to hurry up with the coffee.
"We've heard of them, but never knew what goes on in them." Charlie offered. "I take you've been to one?"
"N-no." He looked away, suddenly feeling shy. Taking a breath he steeled himself and looked back up. "When did you find out Jimmy wasn't me?"
That had been the last straw for his mate and that night was the worst fight he and Dean had had to date.   Dean’s voice had been calm and controlled ice as he instructed Samandriel to take Lucas from the room and to call Sam to come and pick them all up. The young Alpha balked for a moment, his brain at odds with his innate sense to stay and protect his Omega father and doing what he was told. In the end a soft word from Dean had him hurrying to boy Dean’s wish. The fury foiling in his mates green-gold eyes was the only indication of his anger and it kept Castiel pinned to the spot as they waited for Sam to arrive.
"There's been a mis-misunderstanding, I, uhm, think I've been had."
Meeting Charlie was an experience all in and of itself and for the first few minutes Castiel wasn't sure he'd ever get a word in edgewise with her. Her enthusiasm was only matched by her apparent computer knowledge which had all his information displayed for him in less than five minutes.
"Yeah? Like what? I'm the heir to some vast fortune?"
"I.."
Sleep was slow to release him the next morning, keeping him cocooned in warmth even as he started to awaken. However the more online his brain became the clearer the soft sound next to him became and it wasn't long before his mind worked out exactly what they were. Breathy whimpers and choked whispers underlined the slick sound of skin sliding against skin. With a shiver that had nothing to do with being cold, Castiel cracked an eye open and just barely managed to bite back a groan at the sight before him.
"I doubt you could, but thank you." Chief settled in and raised his arm, wrapping it around Dean's shoulders and waiting until Dean started in on his juice and snack. "Ok, so what we're doing now is Aftercare and like Safe words this is non-negotiable. Any time you do a scene, whether big or small, intense or what we just did you are owed aftercare. This helps ease you back into a more stable mindset from subspace. If a submissive, which you are Dean I could tell from the moment I seen you and that's not a bad thing don't ever let anyone tell you different, is left after a scene without proper aftercare or without any at all it can result in Sub-drop which is an emotional and even physical low after an intense scene and can mess with your head from anywhere from a few hours to even weeks."
Sams's face fell before he scowled and Dean was reminded of Sam's age. At 16 he towered above Dean but he still held his rebellious, argumentative side that caused innumerable problems between Sam and their father. Thankfully with Dean being 20 and having enough money squirrelled away he was to take Sam and find them a rather comfortable and affordable apartment near their half brother.
"Dean...Omega Mine...I won't let anyone hurt you, our pups, or our pack."
"Dean?"
"I never.."
"I'm here Gabriel. I'm passing the old mansion now, maybe a half hour before I make it into town? If that."
The air was tense and Castiel found it hard to breathe with the way Dean’s jaw would clench every time he glanced Castiel’s way.   There was some silent communication between the brothers before Dean kissed each pup goodbye and once the door was closed behind Sam the fear in Castiel’s stomach ramped up and filled the air around him. The anger in Dean’s eyes went from roiling to a low blaze and if Castiel’s knee’s hadn’t locked up he knew he would have crumpled to the floor. Everyone had heard of the rumors that surrounded Omega Rage, old wives tales of Omega’s ripping apart anyone that hurt or threatened their pups and it looked like Castiel himself was about to witness it first hand.
"What's this?" Castiel tilted his head, watching them as the two took turns running their hands over his thighs while slowly inching their way upwards. "Are my boys impatient?"
Once they were inside she pulled the young Alpha into a hug, fussing over how tall he'd gotten and how handsome he was becoming. Castiel stood off to the side, his eyes narrowing at the woman that he'd so long believed was his mother. Looking at her now he wondered how he could have ever thought that. Her eyes were too light blue, her build too short.
"How do you know Michael?" Sam questioned, his attention momentarily taken away from John.
"Missed you Alpha." Dean huffed softly as he rocked up into Castiel's thrusts, his nails digging into Castiel's back while his legs wrapped around Castiel's  waist.
Jumping up Castiel hurriedly slipped his shoes on and all rushed out of the trailer. A quick glance at the clock in passing let him know that Jimmy's coverage should just be about completed and he felt his heart pound against his sternum. He stood at the edge of the set watching Jimmy work, a smile ghosting over his lips. It was one of his favorite things to do and for a few moments it took his mind off of what he wanted to share with the other man. At least it did until the end of the scene was called and Castiel seen Gabriel moving around behind Bobby. The moment Jimmy stepped away from the set, Castiel grabbed him by the wrist and pulled out of sight and behind a trailer.
"I just wanted to help people y'know? Give them a safe place to go with people to turn to when they felt like they had no-one."
Pairing: Alpha Dean/Omega Castiel
"Dean, your heat wouldn't be this bad my boy if you weren't mated." Henry stated as he moved his fingers to massage small circles on Dean's temples. "Male? Female? Alpha? Beta? Other Omega perhaps?"
A smirk passed over Castiel's lips as he rolled a shoulder in a nonchalant shrug. "Well he did turn out to be the funniest of the P.A.'s."
"Could always have it professionally cleaned.."
"Cas.."
The next three days passed by them in a haze of knotting, soft touches and serious conversations. They caught up on what the other had missed in the nine year gap, some good, a lot bad, but by the time Dean's heat was over a lot of ground had been covered. Including how Dean had caused a slight sexuality crisis when Castiel had thought he was an Alpha and the real reason  Dean tried to castrate Benny.
Castiel then turned, a smile turning up the corners of his lips as he slid an arm around Dean's waist, pulling him close.  Normally he wasn't one for petty dominance displays but right then his Alpha needed it. A knot that he wasn't sure when it formed in his stomach, eased when Dean leaned into him, rubbing his cheek against his throat with a low purr.
Gabriel frowned as he watched the gears in Sam's mind turn in a bid to find a way to turn Gabriel's words back on him. When he couldn't he sat in fuming silence.
"What about Benny?"
The next forty-eight hours were pure absolute torture. Gabriel took Sam home and kept him there. Balthazar became a shadow lurking behind Meg and Charlie, deeply intrigued by the facility and how it ran along with the multitude of services offered. And he and Benny had to be pulled apart and patched up four times, their underlying tension coming to a head. Jimmy wisely chose to stay to himself and took time to explore the town, stating at one point that he was thinking of moving there and opening a bookstore.
“Why are you really here Benny? And don’t give me any of your “I missed you” crap.”
"Yes...please."
"I know you do." Castiel grinned as he moved up behind the brunette and wrapped his arms around him and nuzzled Dean's scent gland. "But I love it. Specially when you're extra cuddly."
"Then I guess you won't get to feel me riding you like a bucking bronc."
"Henry..." The name tickled a memory in the back of his mind and he scowled as he tried to recall what it was.
"For everyone's safety. He lashed out, murdered both human and Angel alike before he regained control. He wanted revenge and didn't care how he got it. He lived up to his name, Death was swift but brutal and blood ran in rivers at his feet."
"What's wrong with Amelia?" He frowned as he looked over at Dean. "She seemed sweet enough.."
Their wings tightened around them, iridescent black meshing with emerald and bronze to create a safe dark haven for them as they clung to one another. Time lost all meaning as they reconnected on every level and plane after so long apart with vows whispered between kisses to never be parted again. Neither aware as the other two Angels disappeared with a slight ruffling of feathers to leave them to their rediscovery of one another.
Castiel pulled over to the shoulder of the road and killed the engine; turning to look at the young man. He reached out and took Samandriel's hands in his, holding them firmly.
The young man groaned and started to push away from his perch only to be stopped by Dean gathering in his arms and scent marking him thoroughly. After a few moments Samandriel wriggled free, a faint flush on his cheeks as he batted Dean's hand away as he ruffled the young Alpha's hair.
Gabriel rolled his eye and let out a put upon sigh. "All that flirting you two were doing. I was worried I have to start advertising the shop as an Adult shop and put in place an age limit for visitors."
"Now, now. Do you kiss your pups goodnight with that mouth....good see you in a little bit dear."
Taking a deep breath he nodded and headed back out to the rental, slipping behind the wheel and practically speeding away from his brother's shop. Though he didn't really need the directions, he had the maps app on his phone giving him the play by play, the directions as background noise to take his mind off of the dark thoughts swirling in his mind.
"If only I didn't need your knot so bad right now. I'd ride you until I came but make you wait and then present for me. I'd used my slick to work you open until you're begging for me to fuck you Alpha. And only when you couldn't take anymore would I give you what you want Alpha..fill you full of your Omega's cum and then plug your hole to keep it all inside." He bit down hard on Dean's lower lip and tugged. "You'd like that wouldn't you Alpha?" Under him Dean whimpered loudly and his hips gave an abortive thrust as his eyes flooded red again. "Maybe later, right now I need your knot Alpha, need you to fill me up. Can you do that for me Alpha? I need words this time." He purred as he rolled his hips again as electricity sparked along his nerve endings.
"Just looking around, checking out what's changed and what has stayed the same in my absence."
"Mmhm. Dean here," Gabriel nodded his head towards Dean as he spoke. "He's Sam's brother and best man while Cassie.."
Ash nodded as he drummed along with the song on the radio. "Sure did chief. Right after Sam had found him and won over custody in court of course."
"Alright..let me talk this over with my mother. She knows more about John then I did, after all she only told me his name after I pestered her enough after finding a picture of him and her together. Can I have your number so I can call and let you know?"
"Sonuvabitch!"
Though it seemed like hours later, in reality they had only napped for twenty minutes before they slowly woke, noses pressed against scent glands and hands running over skin.
20: Library Hours
Blinking and moving as if on auto pilot Castiel moved over closer to the bed, thrusting the gown out to Dean as an after thought while his eyes flicked down the sliver of pink and took in the now delicate lace detail of the material.
"Naomi..you know her specialty..."
The fond smile on Gabriel's face made Castiel's heart clench and the idle thought of wanting that for himself wafted through his mind. Their conversation fell into a comfortable lull, each one lost to their own thoughts.
"If you weren't such a screw up.."
Triggers: Canon typical violence
"I told you I would." The young man responding.
Dean's gaze flicked over him, the sensation almost physical and Castiel had to physically restrain himself from falling into the bed. Dean whined softly, his Omega calling out to Castiel's Alpha and it very nearly snapped the little bit of control he had.
It was clear that Sam was trying to keep his temper under control but the condescending tone of voice rubbed him the wrong way and he growled despite himself.
“So how was your coverage?” He asked as he nosed the soft skin behind Jimmy’s ear and earning himself a soft shudder.
"Well don't you have the best manners I've seen in a while." Missouri laughed as she wrote down their names.
The dull tone in Dean's voice brought him out of his thoughts and ministrations and he felt an ache start to form in his stomach. He forced a smile as he tried to keep his voice light and playful.
"Dean, Omega Mine...I know you think you're doing nothing but you're keeping a level head and that's helping the rest of the pack stay calm. If you start freaking out they are too and that's not good for you, Amelia, Gabriel, or the pups."
The voices were growing closer, the rancid scent of Alpha filling his nostrils and making him gag. He clamped his lips shut as he closed his eyes tightly, his hands clenched at his sides.
Doing as he was told Castiel took the second suit and swapped them out, smoothing his hand down the green vest as he looked at himself in the mirror before going back out. He had to admit he did like that suit better than the first one, it fit better across the shoulders than the other and the pant legs seemed to be a bit wider. Stepping out he mimicked Dean's stance earlier, arms wide as he looked at Crowley.
“N-no. I have to study for this test, it’s worth a big chunk of my final.”
"I've never been happier than when I'm with you. Even when I had no idea who you were, all those life times I was only truly happy when you were by my side"
"So two months..you've been watching this man spiral for two months and have done nothing.."
