"What?"
John only moved closer again, making it all the more uncomfortable for Sherlock. He raised an eyebrow at John as their bodies pressed against each other. John reached up and purposefully tugged Sherlock’s hair again.
Mycroft seemed a little caught off guard now. “I don’t-“
“Yes I can.”
“Yes?” Sherlock asks his brother, slightly annoyed.
He shook his head. "No, I'll solve this."
'Please come back' He texted John. He never said please. John would know he was serious, that something was wrong and that he needed him.
Sherlock's eyes widened, surprised and confused. "John?"
As he and John climbed into bed that night he told John "You're brilliant."
John thought for a moment then said "You're not that bad. Honestly, spending time with you has probably been the most fun I've had in a very long time."
It felt better than he could have imagined to actually have John touching him. A few strokes and Sherlock was already on edge.
"A body?"
"Is this the same killer?" John asked. "Why didn't he take her heart or leave another note?"
“Had sex.”
“Tell me, what exactly do you need? What will I have to do?”
"I can't eat. I can't sleep. All I can do is worry about him out there in the woods somewhere cold and hungry."
They discussed having dinner the next night together. Sherlock met John at the diner and they sat at a table facing each other.
Sherlock makes a loud, high pitched sound as he comes, shuddering hard with the intensity of his orgasm.
John laughed again and kissed his lips.
John pulls Sherlock over to the couch, pushing him down on it. He lays on top of him, pressing their bodies together. He rocks his hips against Sherlock's and is very pleased when it produces a moan from the detective. John thinks it's one of the sexiest sounds he's ever heard in his life.
"Oh... you've... I mean, you're not..."
"Who was the first?"
"Just friends?" Sherlock pressed her for more information, leaning in closer and raising an eyebrow skeptically.
“When would we be leaving for this vacation?” John asked. “I’ll need to notify some people that we’ll be gone, especially Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson.”
Sherlock considered finding a random hookup at the bar. It wouldn’t be too difficult. But he didn’t want someone random. He wanted John Watson. All he could think about was John. If something didn’t change soon, he felt like he would explode. Being around John all the time and having all of these feelings about him was torture. He didn’t want to make John uncomfortable or risk their friendship but he couldn’t keep it bottled up anymore.
Sherlock sat on the couch and prepared to explain. "My family," he said. "They will not stop harassing me about finding a suitable romantic partner. My parents and my brother are forcing me on a vacation with them, to one of our summer homes on a lake in America. I wanted them to stop pestering me, distracting me from cases, so I told them I have a partner."
'Now that I know the feeling's mutual, I think we should go on a date.'
He nodded. “Yes, would you do that?” Sherlock was still slightly nervous and unsure. Letting John take control seemed the best option.
"You're...in...love...with me?" Sherlock asks slowly.
John sat down with him and put a hand on his shoulder.
When John emerged from his shower fully dressed, he found Sherlock sitting on their bed with his head in his hands obviously in his mind palace.
John changed in their shared bedroom while he changed in the bathroom. He had not brought any swim suits but his parents had already stocked some in the cabin for him in his size. John thought that this was a thoughtful gesture. Sherlock found it annoyingly overbearing.
"Mosquitoes," Sherlock complained. "Probably full of viruses."
"We can do that again, can't we?" Sherlock asked.
"No," John argued. "I am not leaving. Your brother has insisted that I stay here and watch over you tonight."
Sherlock sighed again, growing tired of this whole conversation. He’d much rather be back at his flat, working on an important case. This was all so dull.
Sherlock had come back from the dead. Well, he’d never actually been dead. And though that was probably a good thing, it was pissing John off.
John was trying to put it all together in his head but he couldn't. He wasn't the brilliant detective, that was Sherlock. "What do you mean?"
"So he could be lost in the woods? Maybe his phone died."
They’d never been able to admit the way they felt about each other but they didn’t have to. It was obvious.
John is certainly panicking now. He tries to call Sherlock and gets no answer. He sends a text as he grabs his coat and heads for the nearest taxi cab.
John sighed and went to tell his fiance that he had to leave.
"I know..."
John wasn’t going to be able to hold on long. This was better than he ever imagined it would be. He started slow, not wanting to actually hurt Sherlock. “Feels amazing,” he told him.
“John!”
Sherlock grinned now too. "Yes."
"C'mon, I know you. Tell me what's wrong."
"A lot?"
Sherlock brightened up a bit then, sitting up to face John. “Really?”
"Oh... I'm so sorry, Sherlock." John put a comforting hand on Sherlock's shoulder.
"Uh...well, yeah, I do."
“When you said you’d found someone, a lover, we didn’t think that it would be John,” his father said.
"I didn't hear your phone ring," John muttered.
Sherlock smiles. “Yes.”
Sherlock felt a tug on his fishing line and looked out at the water. The red and white plastic bobber attached to his line dipped below the surface.
“I’ll deal with it.”
John's eyes widened in surprise and he withdrew his hand. "Talk to me," he encouraged instead. "Tell me what's wrong."
"Thank you," John told her as they left. "You've been very helpful."
"Just watch out for crime bloggers," Lestrade pleaded.
"I meant, I need you to pretend to be my boyfriend," Sherlock clarified.
Mycroft greeted them on shore with his arms crossed over his chest. He was practically pouting, unhappy with being proven wrong about their relationship, and it delighted Sherlock. He was winning. His family was tricked. It proved he was smarter than them all, even Mycroft. He grinned as he walked past his brother, taking John's hand in his own just to add to their whole act.
“No,” John answered, looking up at the ceiling and shaking his head.
“Ah!” Sherlock came hard. His body spasmed beneath John’s and thick streaks of white made a mess between them splashing over Sherlock’s chest and stomach and dribbling down John’s hand still wrapped around his cock. He must have been really wound up. John wondered how many days it had been since Sherlock had touched himself. Watching Sherlock come undone for him was amazing. John wouldn’t forget it.
"It was alright," he said.
Mycroft nodded and headed back towards the cabin. "You'd better hurry, brother dear, before our parents come looking for you. You know how much they disapprove of you smoking."
"No, I'd never seen him before. I don't think so anyway. I really only saw the back of his head."
“You should be.”
“No.”
“She didn’t want me to tell anyone cause marijuana is illegal, you know.”
'I might be willing to,' John said.
As they ate breakfast together, he told John that he'd spoken to Molly. "I thought I'd check in with her," he said casually, not wanting to admit he'd pretty much spilled his guts to her.
"We were on the phone with Mycroft."
Sherlock bit his lip. "No... I haven't. Well, I did try once."
Sherlock didn’t know how to comfort someone but he was trying his best because it was John and he needed him right now. He would do anything for him.
John rocked against him again. “When’s the last time you touched yourself?”
"Sherlock?" John sounded sleepy and confused.
Sherlock hung up and finished his cigarette. He went back inside and considered actually following his brother’s advice for once.
He had a baby that he didn’t feel capable of raising on his own. He was angrier than ever at Sherlock. He needed someone to blame so he blamed Sherlock. It was all his fault that Mary was dead. He should have protected her like he promised. Now everything was ruined. Nothing would ever be okay again.
John's been with men and women both. Sherlock is no different to him than any other man. Sherlock is comfortable with his anatomy for the most part and John likes that about him. John wants Sherlock to be comfortable and to do whatever will make him feel good.
Sherlock knew that there was no good side to Mary. She was just a liar. Why couldn't John see that? John wasn't usually this stupid. Was it because he was just deceived by her pretty face?
"When did he last text message you?"
Sherlock understood what it was like to think you loved someone and then have them be a liar. It was better in the long run to know the truth even if it was painful, because then you could heal and move on with life and focus on better things. John would survive this and he would help him through it.
The sister was five years younger and had been last to seen the victim alive.
"We are both clearly attracted to each other. Why not?"
"You are a good man, Sherlock. You are... incredible. And anyone would be lucky to have you. Do you hear me? You don't have to settle. And anyone who thinks that you're not a great catch is an idiot."
It kind of hurt hearing John say those things but it wasn't untrue. Sherlock had thought of this all himself already.
"That's crazy."
John shrugged. "Whatever that means."
"Yes," John said, nodding. "We're best friends."
John showed Sherlock how to operate the fishing pole before they sat down beside each other and waited for fish to show up. Silence weighed heavy between them.
"How does Mary have anything to do with this?"
“Kiss me,” John demanded. “I know you want to.”
Sherlock hadn’t told him about the wedding but of course he knew. He always knew everything, didn’t he? “It hasn’t started yet. I was about to leave.”
He smiled as he read the message, glad to know that John was thinking of him even while out with Mary.
"No autographs," he replied. "I don't have time for pictures."
Hearing her name was like a punch to the gut. Sherlock glared at John.
“Please…”
"The day he went missing, that afternoon."
Now that was a little offensive. What was so funny? what was John implying anyway? He was not 'easy'. And contrary to what John may believe, he was actually a very good boyfriend. He and Irene had been perfect for each other and they were both very happy in their relationship. John didn't know what he was talking about.
"Perhaps because the drugs are illegal and she fears arrest or potential damage to her reputation."
John never had a problem with Sherlock being transgender. And Sherlock was comfortable for the most part with his body. He didn't want to transition, didn't think that he needed to. He was a male and he didn't need hormones or surgery to tell him that. His body after all was only transport. Some people's ideas of gender concepts were so ridiculous and he wouldn't let them influence him. Not to say that he never felt dysphoria at times, it was unavoidable sometimes. And right now he wanted to keep his binder on because he didn't want to risk feeling dysphoric at a time like this. John never treated him as anything other than male and it was amazing. John was amazing.
There was a little stubble on Sherlock’s face and he smelled like chemicals and cigarettes but John didn’t care.
"Why didn't she just say that?"
"Ah!" Sherlock cried out, gripping onto John tightly as he came in his own pants.
John stroked him faster.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow at him as if he just said something crazy. Maybe he kind of has. “What?”
Tyler shook his head. “No, nothing else.”
Mycroft left and John opened the bathroom door slowly. "Sherlock?" he asked.
Sherlock considered it and nodded quickly. "Yes."
Sherlock moved to lay down beside John on his back. “Would you… ”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. He decided to experiment, running his fingers along John’s thighs and his abs and shoulders, touching all of the scars John had showed him.
"There's something I've noticed about you and John, especially when Mary's around." She shook her head suddenly. "I shouldn't say anything."
Sherlock didn't want to hear it. There was no excuse for this. "I'll never forgive you. I hate you."
“You don’t make me do anything,” John replied. “Besides, it’s not really a big deal. I don’t mind helping you out.”
Sherlock nodded. "Yes."
'Are you touching yourself? I am.'
"Yes?" John put his phone down and gave Sherlock his full attention.
"Did you see him in person or did you speak on the telephone?"
"Why?" John demanded, voice rising again. "Why didn't you tell me?"
“It’s never twins,” Sherlock said.
'Can we meet up again soon?' Sherlock was hopeful. He never imagined that anyone would really be interested in him like this. Now that he knew John was, he was excited.
John chuckled. “Yes.”
Sherlock just nodded silently and walked to sit on the couch.
Sherlock shrugged, offering as much of an apology as he was often capable of.
"It's okay," Sherlock assures him. "It's nothing to be ashamed of. It's just... I've never heard you moan before."
“Sherlock, you came,” he said, sounding surprised. “It’s good to see you.”
"You don't know?" She looked amused now. "I thought you were clever."
He moved towards the door.
"This is a perfectly normal conversation. No reason to be embarrassed."
Sherlock reluctantly joined John and his parents outside by a camp fire. The night sky above them was clear and filled with bright stars.
John seemed a little shy despite all of that. His face became a little flushed. "Oh?" he asked, clearing his throat.
“Oh…” John made a bit of a face.
John cleared his throat again. "Yes...both."
"Then who said I'd be attending any gatherings with you?"
'You don't have to if you don't want to,' John sent him.
"It did mean something!" Sherlock snapped."We meant something!"
"Oh..." She seemed unsure what to make of that.
Sherlock explored John’s body, fingers tracing his muscles and his scars with admiration. He wished they could slow down so that this moment could last forever. But he didn’t have forever. He was going to take full advantage of the time they did have together though. He wouldn’t risk anyone interrupting and stealing this from him. He’d waited so long for this.
Mycroft stepped outside to smoke, though their mother stated that she disapproved of it.
John did not expect Sherlock to be bringing this up but he listened anyway. Sherlock asked him “What do you think she meant by that question?”
“Shit…” John cursed. “That feels good.”
He goes back to the patient forms and sighs when his phone alerts him of another text a few moments later. He's ready to tell Sherlock to bugger off so he can finish his work. But that doesn't happen. The first text may not have been very alarming but this one is.
Molly smiled at him. Her hair was up and she was wearing the lipstick that Sherlock had complimented in the past. He remembered what John had said 'so in love with you.' Maybe he was right.
"He undressed me and he tried to suck my dick," Sherlock informed him, completely serious and casual as if they were discussing a day at work rather than an intimate encounter. He was not embarrassed but why would he be? Sex was a natural thing and John had plenty of sexual partners that Sherlock knew of so there was nothing to be ashamed of, was there?
“Agreed.” Sherlock couldn’t deny that it was one huge mess but he didn’t see a much better way out of the situation.
She'd watched Sherlock and John together when he'd first reappeared after being 'dead'. And it wasn't just him who had come alive. It was John. John was happier than she had ever seen him during their whole relationship. It was like she'd had part of John all this time and then with Sherlock entering the picture he was whole again. No matter what she did, he would never be truly complete without Sherlock. She had accepted this long ago. She never wished to interfere in their friendship. She even grew to form a friendship with Sherlock as well.
The next morning, Mycroft awkwardly told them that they should be more quiet but he never did question whether their relationship was real or not.
John licked and sucked and it drove Sherlock wild.
“I don’t know what you’re going on about,” Sherlock said, scowling.
The girl started to sob and they had to wait for her to collect herself in order to continue. Sherlock sighed like he was annoyed but John encouraged her patiently. "Take your time."
"Dreadful," he answered. "I'll be relieved when it's over. John ran into Mary so they are off catching up with each other or something like that."
Sherlock frowned. "There are no bears."
"What?" John was so very confused. He usually understood Sherlock pretty well but this whole day was just one huge mess.
Sherlock remained unconvinced."He's never run away before?" He asked. "Did you have an argument or observe him in a bad mood before he disappeared? Nothing out of the ordinary?"
Sherlock looked up as a young couple approached. The girl was wearing a pink crop top and short denim shorts, showing off a lot of tan skin and a purple jeweled belly button piercing. Her boyfriend was pale, tall and skinny, and wearing a Star Wars tee shirt. They sat on the opposite side of the table as John introduced them. The girl held a strawberry ice cream cone in one hand, holding her boyfriend’s hand with her other. Sherlock stared at their joined hands for a moment, then pulled out his notebook.
Sherlock looked at John and he couldn't say no to him. John cared so much about him and was so sad to see him this way. He didn't want John to worry about him. He didn't want John to be disappointed in him or to think less of him. "I promise."
Sherlock interrupted him. “We’re going to bed now. Go harass someone else. Goodnight, Mycroft.”
Sherlock smiled a little, glad to be working with John again. It made things feel back to ‘normal.’
John joined him, clutching a red paper bag in hand. His free hand found one of Sherlock's. He looked at their joined hands then at his mother's smile. Did her face hurt yet from smiling so much? His parents were ssuch fools. Why did this make them so happy? He would never understand it.
"Why did you bring me here?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock frowned, disappointed in him. “I just told you John, sex alarms me.”
“You aren’t even human, are you? You’re completely insane. Don’t you realize what you’ve done to me?”
Sherlock sat up with John and reached for his underwear. "Is she... What does this mean?"
“Brother!” Sherlock practically pounced on him as he walked through the front door of the cabin. “Just the person I need to see.”
"Sherlock, listen to me. You are not stupid." John looked him in the eyes, determined to get through to him. "You are brilliant. You are the best man I know. Irene was the idiot for not appreciating you and treating you the way you deserve. She was lucky to have you. But just because Irene was a witch, doesn't mean you still can't find love. You deserve to be loved and to be happy. I know it's hard to get your heart broken. It's happened to me, happens to everyone. But you can't give up. That's not an option." He pointed now at Sherlock's heart. "This can be repaired."
Mycroft looked displeased. "Just hurry up."
John didn’t have to be told twice. He soon added another finger and then another. Sherlock squirmed on the bed, thrusting himself down on John’s fingers. The detective’s cock was completely hard and leaking precum. John didn’t think he could wait much longer so he withdrew his fingers.
“I hate you. I hate you so much right now.”
"Its just fake, though. I don't want any of this to actually ruin our friendship."
"Here we are at last."
It was a little embarrassing to be so terribly inexperienced next to John. He had no idea what he was doing. He didn’t know how to make the first move and take what he desired.
That seemed very significant somehow. Sherlock trusted him. Sherlock felt safe with him. “You want to have sex with me?”
"Or...?" John prompted, knowing Sherlock well enough to sense that there was more to this story.
By noon Sherlock had forgotten about the awkward start to the day and reluctantly agreed to go into town with his parents and John. The idea of going on a shopping trip for souvenirs sort of made him want to puke but John insisted that this was necessary in order to keep up their charade. This vacation could not end soon enough.
"I doubt it." Sherlock sighs and gets up to pace back and forth across the floor.
"You're an idiot, John."
Sherlock finally forced himself to say it. "I'm not happy. I feel...gross. I feel used. I'm pretty sure that he doesn't like me...he doesn't care about me...he never will. But...I'm...I'm afraid John. What if no one else ever wants me? Don't say they will because you can't promise me that!"
Suddenly John's own cell phone began to ring, startling them both. He fumbled for it in his pocket and answered it quickly. "Mary," he said.
"Thank you for this," John said. "It wasn't so awkward attending that holiday party with a date. It would have been embarrassing showing up alone. And this hasn't been bad, you know. I kind of like your parents actually. They're nice. I... I didn't exactly have plans with my family this year. They're...complicated."
"Am I interrupting something?" Mycroft asked.
"I want to kiss you again," John finally said.
"Why not?" John looked so disappointed. "You do know how to swim."
"You chose her over me," Sherlock said. "That's why I did this. You chose her and you have a new life with her with no room for me in it."
“Are you angry with me still?”
“So am I.”
Sherlock shook his head. "Not yet. The case seems so simple, but I can't get a good enough lead to go on. I can't piece it all together. Do you see anything I'm missing?"
“You two seem so happy together,” his mother said.
“Let you go? I tried to! I tried to let you go when I thought you died! I tried to move on with my life! I was going to ask Mary to marry me!”
Sherlock didn't have much time to process John's statement before the distance closed between them. John's lips were surprisingly soft pressed gently against his own. His heart was racing. John Watson, his best and only friend, was kissing him. Then John pulled back as Mycroft cleared his throat. The sound startled him and he felt embarrassed.
John's eyes widened. "Because of me?"
Sherlock turns over onto his hands and knees without a word. John follows Sherlock's lead and a moment later he is thrusting into Sherlock slowly. He moans. "You feel so good, Sherlock," he tells him.
John sighed but went to do as he was told. He knew that once Sherlock made up his mind about something like this no one would convince him otherwise.
"Please Sherlock, just tell me. I can take it, I promise," John insisted.
"Just do it. This vacation will be over soon and then you won't have to do any of this anymore."
They left her sitting at the gazebo outside her home and returned to the cabin. Sherlock immediately grabbed John's laptop and perched himself in the window seat in their bedroom overlooking the lake.
"How did I not know?" He asked. "So stupid. She told me she got close to her clients and lead them on, but swore she didn't do anything real with them."
“John-“
“Maybe that woman?” John suggested.
"What do you mean?" Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "You don't think that he's good enough for me?"
The teenager grinned. "I think I can help you out with that."
“I’ve always wanted to try… can you turn over?” The alcohol in his bloodstream made him bolder than he usually would. And since everything seemed to be going well so far, he was getting less nervous and more curious to try all that he could with John. There was one thing in particular that he’d seen online and hadn’t been able to stop thinking about it.
John chuckled. "I'm sure you won't catch anything from them. But just to be safe-" He snuggled up close to Sherlock so their sides touched and wrapped a blanket around both of them.
"I'm glad you realize that."
He trusted that John was fully capable of taking care of himself wherever he may be. He had seen John repeatedly handle himself extremely well around his family so there was no real need to worry. He took a long shower, giving himself time to think in peace. Once he was dressed for the day, he grabbed a bagel and went in search of John.
"Right," John said, sounding as if he didn't believe him.
"Nice," John complained, turning the paper over. "Shit. This is not good. You're such an ass. Why would you do this?"
“John…”
“We’ll figure it out.”
"You're so pale. I should have thought to grab the sun block."
"You're sad."
"Gay," he mumbled under his breath.
John starts off slow, keeping in mind that Sherlock is a virgin, but eventually his rhythm gets faster. He thrusts into Sherlock deeper.
"Almost..." Sherlock says. "Almost.... oh... fuck..... Ah!"
Before Sherlock could make sense of that statement, John was leaning up and kissing him.
"Can I suck your dick?" John questions.
"I have a very bad feeling about this, John, and I never ignore my intuition."
Again, Sherlock was in disbelief. Was this really happening? It almost seemed too good to be true. He tried to play it casual. 'Could be fun.'
'Now that you have moved on with John, I think it's important that you know the truth.' That was all the message said but there were several pictures included. Pictures taken when Irene had been alive and unaware. Mycroft clearly had someone spying on her, an invasion of privacy but not a surprise. That was just how Mycroft was, he had to know everything but would claim he was just getting to protect his little brother.
They both laughed then and John released his hold on the detective so that they could walk freely together. Their destination happened to be a small wooden pier.
“No,” Sherlock answered.
“Where?” Sherlock asked, pushing his notebook over to John who started taking notes immediately.
Sherlock sighed loudly, letting everyone know that he was annoyed.
John was caught off guard by the apology. All of the anger drained from him as he sat down beside his friend. "You could have talked to me. You didn't have to go out and do that. Please, don't go do that again. Promise me."
“I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable,” John said.
"Go home," Sherlock repeated.
The hour that John was gone seemed to last forever. He was relieved when John returned but that relief didn't last long. Much to his dismay, he found John accompanied by Mary, sitting together by the lake.
That night Sherlock dreamed he saw John talking to a man with short dark hair and a hunting jacket. When the man turned around it was Moriarty and he was smiling.
"Tell me what's going on or I'll go find out for myself!" What was his family hiding from him? This was ridiculous. He was getting extremely annoyed.
“Fuck…” John said and he continued rocking his body against Sherlock’s, creating delicious friction.
“No, I’m fine,” John was quick to reassure him. “It’s a good thing. Trust me.”
John laughed. "Good, I'm glad we established that."
"Once... when I was very drunk," he admitted.
He's usually able to ignore it well but not today. Today John walks out of the bathroom shirtless and freshly showered and Sherlock freezes.
“We’ve both been so stupid.” John sounded defeated now, like he was giving up.
"It's obvious. What do you think of the violin?"
Sherlock sighed. He forced the words out. "I'm sorry."
It was Sherlock who finally broke the silence. "Mary," he said.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but finished his smoke and followed his brother inside.
"It's okay," John assures him. He understands Sherlock better than most people. There's no need to finish the sentence.
"It's my brother."
"Thank you for taking this case," she said. "I know you can find him."
"Okay." Sherlock didn't know what else to say. Why did he feel so bad?
“Oh!” Sherlock gasps at the new angle.
"This is a church flyer for a bake sale," He said.
John kisses him passionately. Sherlock instantly melts against him. John easily pushes him back towards his room. Sherlock’s bedroom is a mess but his bed is clean and they fall on it together.
"John!" he nearly screamed. "I'm..."
"You're a genius, aren't you always thinking about a lot of thing?" John teased him.
"Oh..."
'Thinking about it turns me on,' Sherlock admitted, feeling bold.
"How did you two meet?"
‘I don’t belong here,’ Sherlock thought to himself all of a sudden. He turned to leave but it was too late. John had already spotted him and hurried over to him.
"Oh... I'm sorry," John apologizes.
"You're going to marry her! And I... this isn't how it was supposed to go."
“Anything else?” John asked.
John grinned. "Can I suck your cock?"
"Through Mike."
John shook his head. “You’ll be fine.”
John was one of the only people who saw him completely as man. He was one of the only people who accepted him exactly as he was. Even his own parents often slipped up with his pronouns. And his brother was always teasing him about everything he ever did or said it seemed. But John never teased him. John only supported him. He had come out to John first out of everyone, as a transgender man and as also as a gay man. John didn't hesitate for a second to accept him. It was something that Sherlock appreciated more than John could know.
“My parents came here from Puerto Rico. They work in a factory. A lot of people make fun of me for that.”
Sherlock kissed John back, enjoying the feeling of their naked bodies pressed together. “You’re aroused,” he said.
Sherlock thought for a moment of all these families giving their kids gifts, unaware they’d be using the money to purchase drugs.
"I know she was lying," he corrected. "She's obviously involved in the marijuana and she must have provided it to the boy. A teenage boy wouldn't just ask his friends mother about illegal drugs unless she was involved in them herself."
"No."
"Boys!" Mrs. Holmes interrupted. "Play nice."
“By what she said.”
John looked disgusted. "Why would someone want her heart?"
"We have to go," Sherlock insisted. "This is my family vacation you are interrupting."
"A theory would require more information first otherwise it would just be a wild guess," the detective  pointed out.
"John, mate, You're not making any sense."
"She was pulled down to the ground by her scarf before her throat was cut," Sherlock observed.
"No, nothing like that," she shook her head.
John starts coughing, nearly choking on his tea.
John took pity on the girl. After all, she was just a kid. "We'll need some more details about your boyfriend. We'll have to ask you a few questions."
"Little brother, don't-"
"I've been working on a case," he said. Then he found himself pouring everything out to her. She was easy to talk to. He told her about the case and about Irene cheating on him and how he was annoyed that Mary was here because he didn't trust her.
"Doing what?"
"I know you don't like Mary but I don't think you gave her enough of a chance. If you got to know her better then you might see a different side to her. I'm leaving now." John put his shoes on and was already walking out the door. "I'll be back soon. And do not call me unless it's an actual emergency. Goodbye."
"What the fuck is wrong with you?" John demanded. "You're such an ass."
"I like Mary."
“Tomorrow we will have to act like a couple to convince Mycroft. I don’t want it to be awkward for you.”
John cupped Sherlock's face in his hands and kissed him. He'd wanted to kiss him for so long and it was even more amazing than he thought it would be. Sherlock kissed him back desperately, clinging to him.
As soon as she left, Sherlock said "She's jealous."
Sherlock begins to moan for him, letting him know that he's enjoying this. It is music to John's ears.
Sherlock covered his face with his hands, gasping for air.
She told John that she was an orphan but Sherlock had found out it wasn't true and that Mary was actually her middle name. It was obvious that she was nothing but a liar and a manipulator and she was still clearly manipulating John right now.
“Do you think about me when you touch yourself?”
"So you think he's dead, then?"
“That’s only three days away, not much notice.”
"Morning," John said, startling Sherlock. He smiled, unaware of Sherlock's less than innocent thoughts.
John chuckled. He settled himself between Sherlock’s legs then guided himself inside of Sherlock. There was a quick moment where Sherlock wondered if John would actually be able to get in him or if he needed to be wetter. Perhaps they should have done more foreplay. Was he turned on enough? Or maybe he should have grabbed the lube he kept hidden in his bedroom.
He kept an even pace. Sherlock made quiet noises the whole time but only fell apart when John reached and started stroking him to the same pace as his thrusts.
Sherlock felt like he might have a heart attack. “No,” he admitted.
Sherlock grimaced. "That sounds disgusting." He couldn't even be sure he knew what exactly a maple candy was or how it was made. It was not the type of delicacy people back home often enjoyed.
“You’re shaking,” Sherlock pointed out. “Maybe we should have tried a different position.” He hoped that John wasn’t putting too much of a strain on himself or his war injuries.
"What do you want?"
Sherlock found that he was exhausted. As soon as he kicked his shoes off and crawled under the blankets, he quickly fell into a deep sleep.
"You make amazing deductions about everyone. I don't know how we could possibly go all this time without you realizing it."
"Let someone else do it," John said. "There are plenty of people searching. They'll let us know when they find something."
The next day after their date, John texted Sherlock and asked him what he was doing.
John thought about it when he went home and jerked himself off in the shower. He bit his lip to keep from making noise as he came, because Molly was still awake making tea in the kitchen. Molly was always there these days to take care of the baby and if she knew that John had just gave made out with Sherlock and given him a hand job she would have been crushed. Everyone knew she was in love with Sherlock. Poor girl. She deserved better. But John couldn’t find it in himself to care enough.
"Have you met John's family yet?"
"Yes," Sherlock nodded. "Same goes for you."
Sherlock simply shook his head. “I don’t want to talk.”
John put a sympathetic hand on his shoulder. "Moriarty is dead. He can't hurt you."
They ended the night in Sherlock's childhood bedroom. "I'll sleep on the floor," Sherlock offered.
"Thank you."
"Good, then it's settled. Get your coat."
At least until they got back o the cabin. They stood together for a moment on the porch, John rambling about the case.
"Fuck... John... Oh...." Sherlock couldn't stop the noises spilling from his mouth. He arched his back a little. "I might..." he tried to say. John didn't stop. He was too good at this. Sherlock never imagined just how amazing this would feel. "John!" He cried out loudly, shuddering hard with his orgasm.
'Have you ever felt so bored that you thought of killing yourself?'-SH'
"What was it about? Are you okay?"
"I decided to try to have sex with Jimmy," Sherlock announced.
"Don't go. The case-"
“I don’t,” John conceded. He was quickly getting close to losing control. “I love you.”
John couldn't hold back his cry of pleasure. Sherlock moaned as he came.
“Do you want to have sex again?”
Sherlock nodded. “My family loves you. You know that.”
"John, this is the brother I warned you about," Sherlock said. "Mycroft, this is my boyfriend John Watson."
As Sherlock lay there falling asleep, he smiled to himself. He’d never been so happy in his life. “Let’s do this again tomorrow, John,” he suggested.
Why did his parents care so much about his love life? Couldn't they understand that he'd never find someone as perfectly matched for him as Irene. She was The Woman and there would never be another. That was the last time he'd truly been happy and it had ended so badly. Happiness was a frightening thing. Sadness was comfortable. Alone protected him. Caring was not an advantage, his brother was  right about that at least.
John had helped him get ready for the date and assured him that everything would go great. Sherlock had still been incredibly nervous, which didn't go unnoticed by Jim. "I didn't know that you'd be this nervous," he'd said. And Sherlock was embarrassed at his own behavior. Wasn't everyone nervous on their first date though? Couldn't Jim understand that? Or had he just been so cool and good looking that he never had to worry about something like a date?
"Her heart," Sherlock answered.
"Are you wet?" John asks. "Let's find out."
Sherlock shuddered. It took him a moment to compose himself enough to text back. 'I want you too.'
John texted back and asked 'Have you ever done the real thing?'
John removed Sherlock's pants and then his boxer briefs. Sherlock held his breath. Even though John had always been so good with him, a small part of him was still afraid that seeing him naked would make John change his mind about how much of a man Sherlock was.
"You're not stupid, you're the smartest person I know. Maybe she just did that for work. Maybe it didn't mean anything."
"Why didn't you tell me?"
"Oh, I'm the drama queen here? Really, brother, take a look at yourself. You're a mess."
"I...love you."
"I didn't. And I don't know. My son doesn't always tell me what he's doing."
The public lecture would not have been such a dead-end had there been any sort of registration system. Or pictures posted. But the lecture had been free, and registration wasn’t required. The digital team had searched for pictures of attendees but had come up empty handed. They had found several tweets and had tracked down the account holders, but none knew Madison Rice (or a Kyle) or remembered seeing her there (although a few recognized the username). Dead end.
Robson looks incredulous. “The door
The book is brand new, but it is the exact same version he and Rosie have been reading at home. There is even a bookmark at the right place.
“Maybe they just don’t have anyone there who can
John chuckles again and looks at his shoes. “Course you did. You probably knew I was going to write it up before I did.” He looks up and holds Sherlock’s gaze. John’s eyes are beautiful. Today they are blue-green and Sherlock can’t look away. John cocks his head to the side. “You look like you had about three hours of sleep, Sherlock. And like you haven’t eaten anything today.” John is trying to sound stern, but he is smiling, and his voice is laden with affection. Sherlock realizes they aren’t moving and are fixed in the middle of the platform, passengers bustling around them.
The mobile buzzes with several incoming messages. Sherlock forces himself to wait a minute before picking it up. He can make John wait too.
He removes his pants and moves towards the shower. His arousal had lessened a bit, but its physical effects are still quite apparent. He turns the knob on the shower to the coldest setting. He glances at his phone to see John has replied.
Sherlock’s voice is deep and gravely. He wishes he could draw this out, but he doesn’t have time. “John. I have spent countless nights fantasizing about you in my bed. That t-shirt bunched up in my fist as I pull you against my body, your hands in my hair. Our skin sticky and salty with sweat. God I want to lick you all over. Everywhere. And I want you to come because of me. Because of my hands. Because of my mouth. Because of my body. Please John, stay in my bed and come for me. I want to smell you there when I return tomorrow. Please, John. I beg you.”
capable and is a strong presence, despite her diminutive stature. She’s about 5’5, with an average build, and stick straight chestnut brown hair (with some white roots barely visible) cut into a no-nonsense bob. Her skin is a warm tawny with the natural lines of ageing noticeable on her face, the prominent smile and laugh lines making her look open and approachable. At the same time, it is obvious that she is in charge and her team of officers respect her. Having said that, the rest of the team is a mess. Two of the sergeants (Sherlock isn’t going to waste valuable space remembering names) are looking at him with stars in their eyes while a third is staring at him, terrified.
.” John had tried taking over the before bed reading while Sherlock was away in Brussels. Rosie had deemed it unacceptable (she’d rather go without), much to Sherlock’s (quiet) amusement. John had been far less amused. “And I have no reason to trust the judgment of this Robson. Knowing the quality of the police forces in this country, it is highly likely they are looking at the wrong person.” Sherlock puts away his slides, giving up any pretence of working on his experiment.
Sherlock has spent the phone call pacing quickly through the room. He continues his pacing as he reads through the texts from John.
Sherlock’s phone stays silent. He sighs and sets down his mobile and opens the background notes on Madison Rice. After a few minutes, however, the phone vibrates on the table.
Sherlock’s resolve crumbling he turns to the DI, “Lestrade, two questions. Firstly, why are you here? And secondly, given the apparent total lack of any evidence, how can Robson think she knows the perpetrator?”
XXXXXXX
hasn’t been found. Sherlock is half-listening as he searches the deceased’s room while Robson asks the young woman questions. As Sherlock had hoped, Robson is the only officer in the flat as the other sergeants have been sent off to carry out other tasks (trying to track down where the knife was purchased, looking into local ghost groups, and doing background on the passage and construction staff).
Striking up a conversation with Richard Slater is incredibly easy. He’s tending the bar and, until Sherlock sits down, there is only one customer (a young twenty-something engrossed in their phone).  Luckily Slater vaguely knows who Sherlock is and begins the conversation by asking if he’s helping the Exeter police with the murder that’s now all over the papers.
John moves towards Sherlock before standing on his toes so he can whisper in his ear. “Sherlock, babe, last night you helped me finish quite hard.” Sherlock shivers as John presses a gentle kiss to the top of his ear before continuing. “Bloody hell. Your picture. And then your voice. Should come with a warning.” Another tiny kiss. “I came quite spectacularly. I am
Robson looks taken aback. “Yes, of course, Mr. Holmes.”
Robson ends the call with a sigh telling Sherlock she needs to update her team. Sherlock is secretly pleased that she called him before her co-workers. His opinion of her is only growing more positive despite the delay in solving this case.
“Not interested,” Sherlock replies dismissively as he changes slides under the microscope.
The End
The phone rings. For a split-second Sherlock thinks its John but then he sees the ID. It’s Robson. It takes him another few seconds to remember where he is and why she is calling. Half an hour ago Sherlock was desperate for Robson to call but he’s now incensed at the interruption. Who cares about the case! John is in his bed, they are both hard, and this has almost happened.
“Knocked out with what?” John queries before Sherlock can ask the same question. His brilliant John.
was not in the right place. I’ll tell you one thing, he certainly wasn’t thinking with his heart and he wasn’t just looking to share a damn bottle of wine! Fuck. Why were you so…not yourself to him? He deserved to be told off.  Pretty boy tall git with his stupid perfect hair.” Sherlock can’t help but smile. John has googled Slater.
Sherlock is vibrating with nervous energy on the train back to London. Both legs are bouncing, and he is tapping the fingers of his left hand on the arm rest. The woman across from him (widow, two cats, boring) is glaring at him, annoyed at the constant motion.
Sherlock’s breath hitches and he shakily types of a response. Before he finishes, however, another message comes in.
(See the end of the chapter for
or, even worse,
Sherlock finds himself chuckling at his memory of the scene being quoted. Austen is quite brilliant. He’s strangely pleased that young women are still quoting her. His phone starts vibrating as texts come in quick succession.
“It sounds like an interesting place for a murder. Perfect for the world’s only consulting detective,” says John with a fond smile. He pauses a second before continuing. “Just think about it. You don’t need to decide now.” He takes a drink from his mug. “The Chief Inspector sounded pretty desperate. It’s going to hit the papers tomorrow and they are a bit lost. I think they’ll continue to be lost without you.”
It worked, however, as Slater inhales audibly, leans forward, and breaks out in a slightly predatory grin. Sherlock takes a small drink, making sure to exaggerate his swallow. “That’s wonderful. It seems you know exactly what I need, Rich.”
“Did Lechance call in the body?” asks John, ignoring Sherlock’s smile and Lestrade’s look of confusion.
Thank you all so much for reading. I wasn't sure where to end this one, but thought I'd allow the imagination of the readers decide what happens when the boys got home ;).
Sherlock looks down at his phone deciding who to contact first. He knows that John would tell him to call Robson so her whole team can use this new intel ASAP. Sherlock smiles when he instead opens his texts and starts typing. If he were here, John would be the first to hear Sherlock had gotten a name. In person or not, John comes first.
“What’s up, Sherlock?”
Once Sherlock exasperatedly explained to Lechance that he was the primary suspect in Madison Rice’s murder, it didn’t take much to pull out what really happened at the passages yesterday morning.
Once he’s outside of the restaurant, Sherlock pulls out his phone. That was probably the most painful conversation he’s had in a while, but he got a name.
“I agree.” Sherlock tries to stifle a yawn. He’s partially successful. “I warned Robson that it may be posted,” he adds.
is fine. He can be happy with just this. Desperately happy. He knows John loves him, whatever that type of love is. If constant friendship is what John wants, Sherlock can keep his desires locked away for his fantasies. If John doesn’t bring up the events of last night, neither will Sherlock. He won’t risk making John feel uncomfortable. This is fine.
And then a second to John.
Sherlock scoffs. “Don’t be ridiculous, John. I flirted with him to get information and it worked. Even without one of my aforementioned shirts. At no point did I invite him here or give him my room number.” Sherlock pauses. “Of course! That’s why he smiled when he correctly guessed where I was staying. He knows someone who works the desk here and was able to call in a favour to find out the room number. It was foolish to reveal the hotel.”
“Thank you, John,” Sherlock manages to get out before taking a bite. It’s heavenly, as always.  He chews and watches John watching him. As he takes a second bite, Sherlock decides that
“She seemed sort of okay with the kissing, like not super into it, but not against it either. That was cool, I figured she was nervous. So, I…uhhh…started feeling her above her dress and she sort of kept hitting my hand away. But not like super hard or anything. So I…yeah. I put my hand under dress – at the top I mean – and on her…like her chest. Maybe caressed and…umm..squeezed a bit. But over the bra, so not so bad. But she freaked out! She pushed me away and didn’t give me a chance to explain. She just stood up and legged it. I was going to let her go to. I didn’t chase her or anything!” Fletcher looks up and raises his hands as if surrendering. Sherlock wants to interrupt to point out that the reason Fletcher didn’t stop Madison Rice is because he knew she wouldn’t talk about their rendez-vous with anyone. Surely, she had figured out that they were trespassing and would not want to risk getting in trouble.
“Are you kidding me?” says John with genuine shock, moving to the kitchen and turning on the kettle. “It’s basically a locked room murder, Sherlock. A locked
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “She wasn’t pushed into the wall. She tripped and fell. It explains the height of the impact and why she didn’t have any bruising on her the back of her head. She fell and hit her head…hard. That part was an accident.”
“It is fine, John. I may want to see his reservation book tomorrow. And see if I can get him to remember any distinguishing features of Kyle’s voice. Once he is no longer useful, I’ll be happy to point out that his staff all resent him, his restaurant is pretentious, and his wine list is ridiculous and shows a complete lack of actual oenological knowledge. Forget about it.”
“Yeah, that’s true. That’s one reason I like to man the phones. That’s…” Slater stops and then laughs. “Now that you mention it, there was one no-show on Monday that was a surprise. I took the reservation last week. He sounded like a young guy, he was a bundle of nerves. Was hoping to get a table by the window. Don’t think he was used to talking on the phone much, there was some stuttering. It was adorable. I assumed it was for a date. I was actually looking out for him. Then Kyle doesn’t show up! I assumed his date cancelled to be honest. Then it got crazy busy and I forgot about it.” Slater chuckles again. “Young love can be so fickle.”
“Fine. And my second question?” Sherlock interjects while tapping his finger on his chair.
?” Without waiting for him to answer, Robson pushes her way out of the exit and into the stairwell.
Sherlock looks at the man – the child – sitting at the table with his parents and can barely suppress a groan. The kid looks like a stock photo of a white twenty-year old male. Boring features, boring sandy brown hair, boring jeans, boring v-neck, boring all around. Sherlock decides to throw Robson’s carefully crafted interrogation plan out the window.  “Mr. Lechance my name is Sherlock Holmes. Tell me about your day yesterday. The whole day from when you woke up. But be brief. I don’t need excruciating detail. I don’t care that you have started having a protein shake for breakfast every morning.”
John would be looking in the restaurant now, Sherlock knows he doesn’t need to ask. He continues looking through file on the phone until the resulting text arrives a minute later.
the evidence,” John declares as he gets up and collects the empty mugs, glancing at Sherlock. Sherlock can feel the warmth in his chest grow as he catches John’s eye. God how he adores John. Adores John’s eyes and little smiles and compact, perfect body. And adores how John takes care of him. Because that’s what John is doing. Just as he pushes Sherlock to sleep and eat to fuel his body, he is now pushing Sherlock to fuel his mind. Maybe John is right. John is always right about things like these.
,” snaps Sherlock, immediately regretting how quickly he just proved John’s point. He ignores the mug of tea John is holding out for him and curls up on his chair.
John sighs and puts Sherlock’s mug down on the table. “Sherlock, what would you say about this case if it were in London?” he asks, sitting down in his chair.
“It will once we reopen. But not now. It opens to a stairwell that leads to a parking lot on Northernhay Place. The lot is pretty big so it was the perfect place to get equipment deliveries and the like. So, the construction crew had it propped open most of the time during renovations. Mrs. Jones tried to get them to close it but eventually just gave up and turned of the alarm.” Dan leans in and whispers loudly, like he’s telling Sherlock a secret, “The construction workers did a real number on the door to keep it open. Doesn’t actually lock now. Mrs. Jones, she’s Director of Operations, was livid. Tough to open from the outside, since there is no handle, but it is possible now. The construction crew certainly managed it a few times when the door closed by mistake.”
“Who is it?” asks John, the smile gone from his voice.
The growing presence of white in John’s hair only adds to his appeal. John is one of those men who grows more attractive as they age. Considerably more attractive in Sherlock’s opinion. That’s not to say that Sherlock didn’t find John physically attractive from the outset. He always admired John’s appealing face and strong body. But gone are the boyish good looks having been replaced by a ruggedness that is incredibly enticing on a primal level.
. They have a first name. They know where the killer met his victim. Based on everything they’ve learned, Sherlock is quite confident he knows several elements of the killer’s personality. But knowing he’s shy and has little experience with women is not helping the police find him. Sherlock needs to look through all he knows about Madison Rice’s killer and draw out identifiable facts. Is the killer a student? If so, of what? Is he an only child? Younger than Madison Rice? Older?
Sherlock’s fingers hover over the keys for a few moments as he decides what to write next. He’s tempted to write
I have been to the Exeter underground passages...once...seven years ago. I did some research but for the most part the actual setup of the passages come entirely from my imagination. Apologies if my descriptions are incredibly far off reality.
“Is that so?’ asks John with a mischievous grin that Sherlock can’t read.  After a pause, the grin fades. “Hmm, right,” he adds with a huff, almost to himself. “Right,” he says again, more loudly, looking directly at Sherlock. The grin returns. “Right. Not today.”
John is smiling at the camera. Both his mouth and eyes. He looks happy and…playful? The smile isn’t erotic or predatory or filthy. If someone just saw John’s face, they might assume the photo was innocent. But it’s not. John has put himself on display. There is no way it could be a mistake. The picture is perfectly framed, and Sherlock suspects John had to take a few to get it right. He certainly looked at the photo before sending it. John wanted Sherlock to see this.
Immediately, Sherlock regrets it. How will John interpret that message? Sherlock stares at his phone and tries to think of a way to
Beyond the extensive wine list (which Sherlock is sure Slater takes full credit for), Sherlock has noticed the stains on Slater’s teeth. The restauranteur is a wine snob and he prefers red. “Call me Sherlock, please. Why don’t you surprise me with something red? Mr…?” Sherlock drops his eyes from Slater shyly.
“Yes, actually. Almost always although there’s been a few sightings elsewhere.” The manager looks perplexed. It’s obvious that this idiot manager thinks Sherlock is suggesting a ghost killed Madison Rice. He turns his attention to Robson.
Having vanquished the imaginary Mycroft, Sherlock pulls out his phone and types a quick message to John. They’ve been in text contact all evening (updates about the case) and John should be expecting the message.
Sherlock’s phone starts vibrating. John isn’t bothering to text and has just gone ahead and facetimed. Brilliant John.
John chuckles. Sherlock can hear the sound of the being water turned on to fill up the sink. “Ta for that. And yes, I saw all your texts but it’ll help me to hear it too. Quite the murder weapon.”
“Hey Sherlock,” John says, pointing the phone towards Rosie. “We are ready when you are. Little Ms. Watson is a bit tired. Nana Hudson picked her up from school and they walked all the way to the play structure at Regent’s park. Stayed well over an hour.”
XXXXXXX
“It’ll be easier for me to talk through what I’ve found. I have sent bits and pieces today by text, but it will be helpful for me to walk through it all with you. From the beginning. Plus, this way you can do the dishes.” Sherlock explains, pulling up the images of Madison Rice on the CCTV on his laptop.
“Errr, right.” TS pulls out his phone and starts typing with one hand, holding the evidence bag in the other.
the flirting. A lot. It’s probably the only thing Sherlock likes about being separated from John. He licks his lips and types out his response.
he’ll be ready for a trip away. Besides, he’ll can start pestering Lestrade for a case (any case) first thing tomorrow.
“I walked over and looked at her. She was just laying there on the ground not moving. At all. I could see her breathing but knew she needed help. But then I got thinking about what would happen if I called for help. Like if they found me down there with her. I was trespassing and she got hurt. When she woke up, Maddy might say I tried to…do things to her and she didn’t want to.” Sherlock wants to point out that that is, in fact, exactly what happened. “I am almost done school. In my last year. Then I planned on moving to London. I just. It’d all be over.”
“Charlie…errr…Chief Inspector Robson called me to say she still hadn’t heard from you or John. I thought this case would be right up your alley, Sherlock. Why not go take a look? Robson is a good cop…course you probably won’t like her, but I don’t think she’ll drive you up the wall. And she’ll let you do your thing. No ego there, just wants to solve cases.” Lestrade lets out a tiny chuckle. “I know it’s the Exeter police, but Robson is good. Good person and a good copper. Was on her way up through the ranks here in London before she moved. She and her husband both have ageing parents in Exeter who were starting to need a bit of care, so they moved west. We’ve kept in touch.”
Of course! Sherlock looks through the file and is pleased to note that a semi-competent officer included the browser history. It is all innocuous, exactly the type of things John would search. The weather forecast, the hours of the local tesco, a bus schedule. But on Sunday there is also a search for The Botanist Exeter. Sherlock types it into his browser and the website for a poncy restaurant is the first hit.
XXXXXXX
Sherlock only partially hides his annoyance as he bends down to pick up his phone. At least the call is still connected. “Rich, I understand your heart is in the right place, but I really do need to concentrate on the case tonight. I am very close to putting together the final pieces. I need to focus.” He is stern but does try to keep the anger out of his voice.
doesn’t lock and
Sherlock is focused on the content of Madison Rice’s phone when John’s next text arrives.
Reading through the texts calms Sherlock and his pacing slows. He smiles at the screen as he types out his replies.
He is vibrating with excitement when the response comes in.
Upon entering the passages, Sherlock recognizes there is little chance that any physical evidence remains. The first segment of the passages – where the murder took place – is narrow with a low ceiling. Sherlock’s gratitude for John’s impromptu massage grows as he hunches forward to avoid hitting his head as he moves. The cramped space explains why TS (who is trailing the detective through the passages) is wearing a hardhat and tried (unsuccessfully) to give Sherlock one. Sherlock sighs. He wishes he could blame the police for the lack of evidence on the ground but, in this case, everything was certainly trampled in the process of discovering the body.
be open and shut, in which case he could make it back the same day. But if that were the case, it was hardly worth the train trip. If the case was actually interesting, he’d be gone for at least one night.
“Flattery will get you nowhere, John,” Sherlock says, trying to suppress a smile. He sighs before adding “I’ll think about it.”
“Without a doubt. She’s one of the best coppers I have ever worked with,” Lestrade responds without hesitation. Sherlock thinks that’s relatively faint praise given the quality of the DI’s colleagues over the years. But he can tell that Lestrade is telling the truth.
John is beautiful. Sherlock exhales as he realizes his body is starting to
Robson gives Sherlock a knowing look and returns his smile. “You are under no obligation to stay, but I will not be minimizing your role in helping to catch Kyle Fletcher.” She reaches out and the two shake hands. “Goodbye, Sherlock. I wish you a safe and easy journey back to London. Thank you. Believe it or not, it’s been a pleasure.” Sherlock nods and makes his way out of the station, not bothering to say goodbye to anyone else.
Sherlock has always been more of a homebody than most people suspect. He longs for the comfort of home and, if he is away too long, he grows untethered and lost. Sherlock had only narrowly survived two years underground after the Fall, but it had been that prolonged distance from home, not the beatings and torture, that had almost broken him. And, maddeningly, as he ages, the importance of home only grows.
“Right. Thank you, Sherlock. Good luck in Exeter.” Lestrade turns to John and nods. “Thanks for the tea, John.”
Lechance puts his head in his hands. “I need this job. Mrs. Jones took a chance on me. And I…was embarrassed. Am embarrassed.” He looks at his parents. “I really have been trying hard at this job and with school. I swear I had put this type of stuff behind me, but it just…well, I was tired and I didn’t think it would hurt anybody. I swear I didn’t hurt anyone.”
The terrified sergeant drives Sherlock to the crime scene, explaining that Robson will join them once she is done with the interview. Sherlock doesn’t care and ignores the man, and instead focuses on his phone.
Sherlock has a growing fear that John has decided that nothing has changed. And then, if Sherlock somehow builds up the courage to mention it, John will say words like
“You’re predictable, John,” says Sherlock with a shrug, continuing to walk forward.
Robson quietly and professionally prompts Fletcher with questions to reveal the whole story. It’s exactly as Sherlock had thought. Kyle Fletcher met Madison Rice online on the ghost stories message board and then, by chance, in person at the lecture in London. Before that, they had no idea they both lived in Exeter. It had been Madison Rice’s idea to write letters and, over the last three months, they’d each mailed dozens of them. It was Kyle who suggested they meet in person again. After some apprehension, Madison Rice had agreed.
That message seems to be infused with affection and makes Sherlock’s heart warm. But every other message has been transactional. Sherlock letting John know he is finished with the police; John reminding Sherlock he’ll meet him at the train station; Sherlock letting John know the train is slightly delay; boring, boring, boring!  Sherlock scrolls through the messages again, growing more anxious and fully aware that he is at least partially at fault for the tone of the conversation.
Originally, Fletcher had planned to ask Madison Rice to meet him at the emergency exit. But, three weeks ago, he’d discovered that it would be Riley Lechance working the morning of his date. Fletcher knew all about the weekly parties and next-day breakfasts. Apparently, Fletcher’s nephew, “Robbie” Jones (Mille Jones’s son), wouldn’t stop talking about how the party on the bank holiday weekend would be “sick.” Fletcher was sure that Lechance would be both hungover for his shift on May 3rd and would not be able to resist ducking out of work to go to the breakfast. Lechance wouldn’t want to miss the celebration and there was no risk – they had the breakfasts nearby and the temporary staff were a tightknit group who wouldn’t rat him out.
“What was that?” snaps Sherlock glaring at the girl. He can hear John reminding him that the roommate didn’t do anything wrong and has just suffered a tragic loss. He coughs and calms his voice. “Sorry, what was that you said about writing?”
Plus, driving to Heathrow would mean no
wine list.
Sherlock can’t help but snicker. “Sure, that’s fine, John,” he replies, through his final bite of croissant.
John is right and it’s hateful. The police should be able to identify siblings and children of staff relatively quickly. Non-staff attending the parties may take longer. But the police can carry out the search a lot more quickly than either John or Sherlock. So, for the time being, Sherlock’s only distraction is texting John.
Sherlock lies in bed for moment holding his phone. He knows John is asleep and won’t see the message until the morning. Before he can second guess himself, Sherlock sends another message.
.  The image on the screen shifts to footage of Sherlock outside the underground passages taken a couple of days ago.
“I AM NOT TIRED!” argues Rosie before a giant yawn gives her away. “Hi, Sh’lock. Daddy says you have been brilliant, and the case is almost solved so you can come home soon.” She yawns again before adding, “I miss you.”
The phone rings again. John is still typing. God, it is probably going to be incredibly detailed and filthy and incredible. Sherlock sighs and quickly types a message to send to John before answering the phone.
“Yes. Pay particular attention to social media and dating apps. Both were single.” Sherlock gets out of the cab and is pleased to see that John follows (after paying the cabbie, of course).
A message from John arrives just as he’s hitting send on the second message.
John hasn’t changed into pajamas or lounge wear yet. He has changed from the morning, however (mid-day workout, typical for Tuesdays), and is now wearing a long-sleeve navy blue shirt with bright grey buttons. Single button undone. Sherlock can’t see the cuffs and is suddenly desperate to know how far the sleeves are rolled up. He wonders if would be considered odd to ask.
Unlike yesterday, today John is smiling broadly. His eyes are sparkling and bright. His hair is tousled. He looks exhausted but happy. He’s radiant and Sherlock finds himself smiling at the screen as he zooms in on different features.
Sherlock smiles at the screen and considers what to say next. He knows that he and John are low-level flirting. It’s not the first time. It’s something he and John have been doing for years (probably since John and Rosie moved into Baker St.) if they text at night when one of them is away. Come to think of it, that’s probably why John didn’t balk at being asked for a photo. Really, it’s just an extension of what they’d been doing already. And Sherlock
There is a moment of silence before Sherlock speaks. “Lestrade, you trust this Robson? You believe her that they have their sites set on the right suspect?”
thought that might be information the police would like to know!” She turns to TS, “who interviewed Millie Jones? Did no one think to ask about alternative entrances? Or, I don’t know,
Just outside the school, Sherlock hails a cab, and he and John are on their way to King’s Cross. Sherlock starts outlining what little he knows of the case as John listens attentively. There is nothing fishy in the background of the victim. She seems like a boring teacher. No periods of rebellion, no broken engagements, and generally well liked, although it seems there are very few that knew her well. The suspect is equally boring. Sure, he has a bit more history, but he is the stereotype of a slightly rebellious youth with devoted parents. He’s a student at Exeter University and there are no links to any criminal networks. But, based on the descriptions by Robson, he is
After a glorious ten minutes, John stops the massage and removes his hands from Sherlock’s shoulders. In the process he gently runs the fingers of his left hand through the hair on Sherlock’s nape. The feeling is incredible and, this time, Sherlock can’t fully suppress the shiver – he definitely felt that in his toes (among other places). He wants nothing more than to melt into a puddle on the floor.
. John was clearly frazzled and happy to hand her over to Sherlock for stories. Once in bed, however, she seemed to have accepted bedtime was coming and had almost fallen asleep a few times as Sherlock read.
Sherlock sighs. “It’s a man I spent more than half-an-hour flirting with this afternoon.”
Sherlock opens his eyes when he hears both the young women and John start to giggle. He’s not sure if he’s been frozen in place for 2 seconds or 2 hours. John tugs his arm. “Let’s go, love, I really do want to get home.”
John is lying on the sofa, head on the arm nearest the door. The angle of the photo tells Sherlock that John is holding his mobile above his head with this left hand, and he’s managed to capture his whole torso and head in the frame. Once again, he is looking directly at the camera and his hair is even messier than before. As delightful as that is, it’s not what grabs Sherlock’s attention. John’s white t-shirt is too short and lying on the couch would certainly cause it to ride up. With the position John is in, Sherlock would expect the shirt to rest partway up the navel. But, in this photo, it’s much higher. John’s right hand – which rests halfway up his sternum – is holding his shirt up. John’s full stomach and part of his chest (including a small portion of his scar) is visible. His chest and stomach are free of hair except for a trail from his navel down into his trousers. It’s a gorgeous shot.
Fletcher stares at the table as he continues. “I thought it was going okay. God it was supposed to perfect. I was so chuffed she agreed to meet me. It was going to be a perfect day. Ghost stories and fooling around in the passages and then lunch and then who knows. I was excited. I have had a couple girlfriends before but nothing in a while and I thought me and Maddy already really knew each other, you know? But I guess she didn’t think so. We talked for a bit and I thought it was going well and maybe I got a bit…aggressive. Maybe a bit more than I should have. She looked really good. Like she dressed up to meet me, I could tell. I thought she was just playing coy, you know? Like girls do.”
“But then she tripped. She was running pretty fast and she hit her head on the wall. That wall is hard, innit. There was a lot of blood and she was knocked out cold. She didn’t need to run.” Fletcher stops, obviously uncomfortable with what comes next.
Lestrade follows Sherlock into the living room and sits in John’s chair. Sherlock lets out an annoyed huff. It always bothers Sherlock when someone sits in John’s chair but given the circumstances, he is particularly irritated at the DI.
“Good. I’m surprised the city didn’t descend into chaos in my absence,” Sherlock declares, standing in place, gazing at John.
. He is saved by another text that changes the subject.
Sherlock is about to lose his mind and lets out a quiet moan. The endearment is the icing on the cake. He’s managed to awkwardly remove his trousers and is lying on the bed. He hasn’t touched himself yet and decides to wait until John asks him to. No, until John instructs him to.
Slater misinterprets the motion as an invitation to enter and starts pushing into the room. At the same time, Sherlock moves back to his original position blocking the door. The result is a gentle collision. Sherlock lets out a suprised “oof” and drops his mobile while Slater let’s out a breathy chuckle.
Sherlock chuckles. He knew that his flirtation with the evidence clerk was obvious. He did not know that John had picked up on his fashion choices.
Slater licks his lips and smiles (smirks?) at Sherlock. “You really are like a dog on a bone. It’s…well…quite alluring, Mr. Holmes. Message received. Here, take this,” he hands Sherlock the bottle of wine. “I wasn’t totally sure you’d be here, so I attached my card. Call me the second you solve your case, and we’ll celebrate. I’ll help you unwind. Hmm?”
“You ready?” asks Robson, her hand on the door. Sherlock nods and they enter.
John obviously didn’t spend much time re-styling his hair after his post-workout shower (a run, Sherlock decides). He did use hair product (the one that makes his hair smell like citrus and vanilla) but didn’t take the time to make sure every hair was in place. It’s just a little disheveled and looks fantastic. Sherlock takes the time to look at all the different shades atop John’s head. There are stands of gold, brown, blond, and, of course, white.
tethered, Sherlock needs a good puzzle to keep his mind from growing restless and unable to focus. Sherlock needs a decent case, and, under normal circumstances, the phone call John has received of a mystery in Devon would be welcome. A day or two on his own in Exeter a reasonable trade-off. But not today. Not this week. This week, he needs home.
John looks at Sherlock sheepishly from the doorway. “I told Rosie you’d be away tonight and maybe tomorrow morning. Even if you come back tonight, it’ll be after her bedtime.” John pauses before his expression changes to one of annoyance. “You slept on the sofa? Sherlock, your neck is going to be sore all day. And the train won’t help.”
while the deck states
“What are you doing?” asks Robson.
“Okay, I’ll call you later,” whispers John as he exits the bedroom and starts down the stairs. “I am sure you have stuff to look over and I want to go back to that damn message board. I talked to the digital team about an hour ago. I know they combed through the whole thing, but I want to go through myself, just in case. Feel free to text about anything.”
Sherlock quickly reads through the texts between Julie Fast and Madison Rice from the victim’s phone looking for a clue about interests.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. John had only packed two protein bars and those were eaten last night and this morning. The croissant was from Robson on the drive to Madison Rice’s flat. A protein bar and a croissant in the same day. He’d be fine.
Sherlock swears he can hear John’s laugh.
He realizes the message doesn’t make sense and wills John to understand. A response comes quickly.
No response after one minute. Then two minutes. Sherlock begins pacing again. Should he send something else? Three minutes. Four. Damn it, he went to far. He needs to give John another out.
Sherlock sighs and types out a reply without thinking.
increase Sherlock’s anxiety to see John in person. But it doesn’t. Seeing John immediately calms Sherlock. It really feels like coming home.
Despite his best efforts, Sherlock’s interest is growing. He glances at John and finds that his friend is looking back at him with soft eyes (again), a tiny smile, and what looks like hope.
John stops and looks back at Sherlock with an affectionate smile. “What?” he asks, before starting to laugh, himself.
John would be happy to know that Sherlock did, in fact, go to bed last night. He slept from about 1:30 to 5:00 before waking and returning to the station. It was a smart decision. Robson had arrived just before 6:00 and she and Sherlock used the opportunity to go through all they knew about the case. Sherlock had to admit Lestrade was right to trust her – despite her unfortunate misstep with Lechance, she was good at her job. Sherlock also appreciated that she was aware that he was far more likely to solve the case than any of her sergeants.
They had to have exchanged mailing addresses at some point, so the tech “team” will continue to look for Madison Rice’s other email. There must be a mystery account she kept secret. TS informed Robson that the search of Madison’s Rice social media inboxes and messenger systems had come up empty. But there must be a record somewhere! Madison Rice wouldn’t have deleted any messages she shared with her potential beau.
“What happened next, Kyle?” Robson asks, trying to sound reassuring. She’s doing a pretty good job, but Sherlock can detect the anger in her voice.
“No, of course not,” interrupts Sherlock, head in hands, eyes closed. “She wrote letters. Of course.” He looks at Persuasion. “Pouring out your soul in
Sherlock is still busy trying to figure out how to respond when his phone vibrates with a message.
Sherlock is tempted to drag on the conversation but decides against it. There is a case to solve.
“One more page?” Rosie asks, rubbing her eyes. She is exhausted. Getting her into pajamas and upstairs had been a nightmare and she had fought every step of the way. Lots of tears and jumping on the couch and ridiculous demands (
Collectively, the team is pinning their hopes on Riley Lechance cracking under the pressure of a real interrogation. He will be arriving for a scheduled interview (with his parents) in about two hours. While one of the sergeants and Robson had talked to him yesterday, it had been a standard fact-finding interview and they did not reveal that he was their prime suspect (although that
murder
By now Sherlock has tuned out Robson and the roommate (Kelly? Kerry? Yes, Kerry) but he registers something the latter has just said. Something about writing. This is important, but he isn’t sure why.
“Turn around,” responds John, chuckling. Sherlock arches an eyebrow but complies, watching John over his shoulder. “You didn’t quite get this shirt tucked in here. Wouldn’t want to embarrass yourself in front of Exeter’s finest.”
Sherlock doesn’t care about credit and says as much. “I know the media are aware I am here, but I’d prefer if my role in the resolution of this case is minimized. You and your team are free to take credit. I won’t be answering any questions.” He pauses before adding, “John may choose to put this on the blog, but that is entirely up to him. For now, I just want to go home.” Although John had not been with him in Exeter, Sherlock suspects this case will end up being written up and posted on the blog. Quickly. Partially because it is an interesting case and partially because John will want to make it very clear to a certain restaurant owner that any perceived flirtation was a ruse to get information. Against his best effort, Sherlock smiles at the thought.
Sherlock sighs. Predictable.
Sherlock has finished his dinner (which consisted of all of the naan and a bit of chicken korma) and has been rereading notes for half an hour. He’s focused on Madison Rice’s entry to the passages. It’s never made sense. He pulls out his phone.
Sherlock is awakened by the sounds of tiny feet stomping down the stairs. The light streaming through the sitting room windows reveal that it is about half-six. Sherlock sits up slowly, his neck stiff and angry that he fell asleep on the sofa. He does a few neck stretches (which have no real effect) and rubs his eyes before organizing the papers strewn across the table.
“Err..yes. How did you know?” Millie Jones replies as she knocks. There is light coming from beneath the door. “Kyle, the police are here. They want to talk to you.”
Rosie Watson.
It takes Sherlock less than 5 minutes to get the truth out of Lechance. Robson was correct that he is acting guilty, but it is clear (to Sherlock) that he isn’t a murderer. The guilt the young man carries stems from something far more mundane than killing another human being.
Sherlock can feel his pulse racing. John isn’t the only one who feels like a teenager. Right, in for a penny.
Sherlock is sure that phone Kyle is their killer. He has to get out of this conversation quickly. He smiles and says “no, let’s not” before shifting in his seat as if his mobile is vibrating. He pulls it out and opens up his most recent text. He furrows his brow as he pretends to read. Then he sighs and pockets his phone.
XXXXXXX
Sherlock’s head snaps up. Someone is talking but it is a waste of everyone’s time. “What are the ghost stories about the passages?” he interrupts, loudly, looking at the manager. Whoever was talking has stopped (good) and everyone is staring at Sherlock. “What. Are. The. Ghost. Stories. Come on now, I don’t have all day.”
As soon as he closes the door to his room, Sherlock pulls out his phone to text John.
The meeting with Madison Rice’s parents was, in fact, a complete waste of time. Now Sherlock is watching Robson ask the owner of The Botanist about missed reservations. The restaurant is quiet – it’s already 2pm (hours of the day have been wasted just driving) and past the lunch rush. Sherlock is at the front of the restaurant while Robson and the owner are at the bar. The latter is gesturing and pointing to a big book. Sherlock doesn’t need to hear them to know what he’s saying. The restaurant doesn’t have electronic records, they only take reservations by phone, and they are written down by hand.
With shaking hands, he calls John, who answers after one ring. John respects Sherlock’s request and stays silent, but his breathing is still heavy, and Sherlock can feel his arousal returning. He will have to be very quick.
Slater smiles as he answers. He is clearly trying to put Sherlock at ease. Excellent. “Yeah, that was all me. It’s a bit of a blur, but there were eight crossed out in the book. I didn’t mention this but I know that two of those were cancellations of regulars. They were so apologetic.”
Any time they had to spare gets eaten up by the battle to get Rosie’s shoes on. She has recently decided that she
Sherlock smiles and opens his mouth as if he doesn’t know how to respond. He then closes it in a chuckle and wills his cheeks to redden. He hopes to convey embarrassment at the compliment to explain a shift in the conversation.
The manager had also immediately handed over a list of all passage staff that had access to the passages in the past month. It’s includes fourteen names. Eight of them, including Riley Lechance, are marked with a “T”, indicating they are temporary summer staff. Unfortunately, the construction supervisor did not have a list. When pressed, he admitted that between construction workers, suppliers, and delivery people there had likely been several dozen people in the passages in the last month. And the only names he has recorded are the construction workers. Robson had sighed and asked him to send over the list as soon as possible.
John uses the time to make coffee and breakfast (which he brings out to Sherlock and Rosie in the sitting room), pack Rosie’s backpack, do her hair (pigtails), and get Rosie dressed. The final activity involves removing Rosie’s pajamas and pulling on her school uniform while she’s sitting in Sherlock’s lap, which is a challenge, but John somehow manages. As it turns out, it’s quite a bit easier getting Rosie ready while she is distracted by discussion of Exeter as compared to a typical morning where she’s in constant motion around the flat. Everything is done so efficiently that the morning activities are complete with thirty minutes left to spare before they need to leave to get to the school on time.
Sherlock swirls it in the glass and licks his lips as he stares at the colour. “What can I expect to taste?”
“First glass is on the house for you, Sherlock. Anytime. You should come by later tonight for another little break. I’ll make it worth your while.” God, Sherlock can’t wait to get out of here. He could just walk away, but he may want to get a look at his reservation book later. Better stay on Slater’s good side. So, although Sherlock wants to grit his teeth, he giggles (again!) instead.
but decides against it.
“Aqua-ducks?” Rosie asks.
Robson is still driving back from Heathrow but tells Sherlock she will take care of calling her team and let them know what to do going forward. She’s sure her sergeants will still be at the station. No one is going to get a good night’s rest until Kyle is found. Sherlock can tell that Robson is itching to be able to do
“Any theories on motive?” John asks, taking his eyes off Sherlock only briefly to look at Lestrade.
“Do you want me to look into them both?” asks John as the cab pulls up to the station.
“It makes me sad too, my sweet. I always miss you and your Daddy when I’m away,” Sherlock explains to the little girl who is avoiding his eyes.
Sherlock is standing outside the interview room containing Riley Lechance and his parents. The young man arrived at the station about fifteen minutes ago, but Robson wanted to make him wait. Sherlock has reviewed the crime scene photos and CCTV in detail and admits that he still doesn’t know how the crime was committed. He partially blames the quality of the photos. It’s infuriating. While the photos of the body itself are clear, the rest of the photos look like a child took them (although Rosie could have likely done better). Some are dark, some are blurry, and there are parts of the scene that weren’t photographed at all. The CCTV footage is better – there are clear views of the main door and the entrance to the tunnels. Until Sherlock sees the site in-person, however, he cannot eliminate the possibility that someone could evade the cameras if they moved carefully. Sherlock will head to the crime scene himself after this interview (regardless of whether Lechance confesses). He just hopes that Devon and Cornwall’s finest haven’t destroyed the site.
He shifted his gaze to John’s now inquisitive face. “That being said, Great Britain has the finest reputation for having the lowest numbers of monster induced crime, all thanks to a government run secret society called the Men of Letters.”
"I won't deny it, but my previous statement is true. There are things that you are unaware of out there, Gregory. Things that, if exposed, could destroy our entire world. I'm simply asking that you play a part in not allowing that to happen."
"All this energy has to go somewhere, Lestrade. Since I am unable to expend it physically or mentally, verbally is the only option left."
"I can make even more aspects of your life exciting and fun, Sherlock." He had decided to say instead, spurred on by his new found arousal.
Greg blushed deeply. “Thank you? I, uh, yeah. Yeah, you can come home with me tonight. No! Not in that way. I’m not trying to get a leg over with anyone. I just…I mean, you’re a nice bloke and, and you’re easy on the eyes, but you’re not my type…”
"This?" Castiel grabbed at the trench coat covering him and looked down at it thoughtfully. "This is...a vessel." He peered back up at Dean through his lashes.
“Yep.” Greg nodded, popping the ‘p’ as he tossed the weapon onto the table with a loud clang. He sighed. “I’m not as young as I used to be.”
"Yeah." John replied. "And don't give me that 'I'm married to my work' line of crap either."
“Unless you tell me what I need to know, I will alight the nerves in the areas you’re most sensitive to pain, with such force that you will be brought to the very brink of your threshold, and then,” Mycroft rested the blunt head of the hammer on the vampire’s sternum and pressed into it to emphasize his point, “then I will keep you there indefinitely.”
The doctor took his time writing up a blog entry for the first case they worked together. It would have taken far less time if not for the constant interruptions by his new flatmate’s experiments, demanding nature, and his occasional tantrums. However, by the time John was done, he was quite pleased with it.
A sound resembling a growl rose from the detective's throat at the friction.
"Cas wanted me to stay behind to find the dragon skull." Dean pulled a folded piece of paper out of his pocket and waved it at Sam. "He gave me an incantation for a location spell before he left though."
"It's okay Sherlock. It's okay." A voice sobbed. It sounded like John.
Greg’s gaze snapped to Mycroft’s face. His brows furrowed and his lips pulled into a thoughtful frown. He tried to analyze the expressions on the taller man’s face as he approached. Mycroft could always read him like an open book. Why couldn’t Greg get a read on
Wrong about Mycroft. Wrong about his wife. Wrong about his own damn feelings.
“Your shoulder’s sore from all the beheading.” Mycroft stated matter-of-factly.
John smiled his ‘you don’t scare me’ smile at Mycroft. “Oh?”
The taller man leaned in to whisper in Greg's ear, breath hot and tickling the sensitive skin. "I get very few precious hours to do with what I please, Gregory. I assure you that I make the most of that time." Greg gasped and shuddered at the implications, and a smirk tugged at Mycroft's lips. He abruptly pulled away from the D.I and stood up straight. A coy smile now plastered on his face.
Greg raised an eyebrow in question.
" Castiel."
John had been sitting at the bar, nursing a pint, for about forty five minutes before Greg finally showed up. The D.I. sat on the stool next to him and began apologizing profusely.
“Yeah, and it’s warded against damn near everything.” The taller Winchester added.
“Alright Kevin, let’s get you out of here. You’re coming to the bunker with us.” Dean ordered. He helped the prophet to his feet. “You good?” He asked once Kevin was standing.
Greg’s face turned sour and he nodded.
Lestrade let out a huge sigh of relief. "Oh Thank God. What the hell happened?"
They sat there calmly, as if half the living area wasn't in shambles from the explosion.
Sam held up a hand to stop him, then he took a deep breath before answering. "Honestly? Um. My, uh, whole body hurts. I feel nauseous and like I'm starving at the same time. Oh, and everything smells like rotted meat." This time Sam wore the quick-to-fade fake smile.
And now John is thankful that at least his muscle's have memories, because his brain has short circuited. Alas, his free arm automatically rises up to pull Sherlock in by the waist and keep him impossibly close.
"It's Dr. Coleman with an update on the vampire situation in Lower Clapton." She informed him as she transferred the call to his desk phone.
Dean keeps seeing Cas after returning from Purgatory.
The D.I. huffed out a bitter scoff and shoved his shirt back on. He felt over-exposed. Mycroft's words hurt, because Greg actually had hoped that he could sway the man. That he could be an exception to the rule. He thought that he was getting somewhere with the elder Holmes brother. Turns out he was wrong.
Several minutes later the war room table was cleared off except for the map and beers. Dean read off the incantation as Sam put a lighter to the corner of the parchment. It was quickly engulfed in flames and the brothers stood watching as the entire thing turned to ash. They exchanged confused looks. "I...guess there's no dragon skulls in the US?" Sam hypothesized. "Sammy, we're gonna need a bigger map." Dean grinned, proud of the reference he made.
Maybe he was crazy for confronting his wife at her work place, but it wasn't like she was gonna be home anytime soon.
"Okay. So now we're just waiting on Cas to get back." Dean said before taking a draw from his beer.
"You DO know that, while yes, it's your job to worry about your little brother, it's not actually your job to take on the full responsibility of his well being and you don't have to clean up his messes. In fact, you probably shouldn't. Sherlock has to learn how to do those things for himself."
"It's pronounced 'Hih-feast-us." Sam corrected and Dean rolled his eyes at him. "The blacksmith of the gods. That's very smart. He could forge the weapon we need."
"No. Absolutely not. I'm not letting you fuck up my entire crime scene in your altered state." Greg pulled the young man onto his feet and managed to walk him over to the squad car, despite Sherlock's protests. "You're so-called 'Consulting Detective' job is a privilege, Sherlock. You're lucky I don't have you tried for contempt, among other things."
John reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a small mason jar full of thick black ooze. He undid the lid as quickly as he could, and dipped a knife that he was equipped with into the substance. Sherlock yelled out in pain as a vamp bit into his shoulder. John threw the coated knife expertly at the vampire not attached to Sherlock. It hit her square between the eyes.
Then added, "Want to fill me in on the details? Or would it be best for me not to know yet?"
Greg finished scribbling down notes before he spoke up. "You're one lucky bastard, Sherlock. You'd be dead right now, if it weren't for John. Don't go off chasing criminals by yourself next time."
"ON THE GROUND! NOW!" The mad man demanded, the arm around Sherlock squeezing tighter with every word.
Cas smiled sadly as Dean pulled away. “I knew you were going to kiss me.” He revealed in a deep somber tone.
Both men stood at the bar and when the bartender came 'round, Sherlock ordered drinks.
Just the first round. JW
A deep chuckle emanated from him without his permission. The person passed out on the dirty mattress next to his stirred briefly at the noise. Then another noise, this one sharp, filled the air for a fleeting second. It sounded muffled to Sherlock, like he was underwater and the noise came from above the surface. There it was again. Curiously familiar. 'Don't concern yourself with it.' He scolded himself, unsure if he thought it or said it out loud. He came here to get enveloped in the high, an escape from himself and the world around him. But that annoying sound pulled him from it yet a third time.
Greg looked up into his rear view mirror to glance at Sherlock, then nodded. He couldn't deny that that made perfect sense. He shut off the engine and sighed deeply. It had been a long day already, and it was about to get even longer. "I'm going to put you in a holding cell to finish riding out...whatever this is." Greg explained.
*************************************************************
"What's the matter?" Castiel asked, his brows furrowing tighter as he attempted to read Dean's facial features. His head tilted to the side again upon realization. "You don't think you deserve to be saved." He mused aloud.
Until suddenly Sherlock perked up and asked, "Do you trust me, John?"
"I killed him. He tried to kill Sherlock, so I killed him."
,” The vamp sneered with implications, “was especially good this time of century.” A nasty smile crept over his lips and he added, “It hasn’t disappointed.”
"Don't want to know."
“How…?” John began to ask. "Never mind." He digressed.
Mycroft drew in a sharp breath and held it.
Dean knelt over Bobby, contemplating checking for his pulse.
"I found your list." The statement hung heavy in the air, because those four words told Sherlock an entire story. "You've met with my brother." It wasn't a question, just a deduction. Greg simply nodded. "You know, I didn't want to believe Mycroft when he told me you were an addict." The D.I. grimaced on the last word, then brought his left thumb up to scratch absently at an eyebrow. It was then that Sherlock noticed his other hand was occupied with a tiny plastic cup.
*************************************
"Sherlock, what in God's name are you doing, showing up to a crime scene high as a fucking kite?" He whispered sternly as his eyes searched to make sure no one else was in hearing distance.
"I know." Cas assured, his hand pushing slightly more into Dean's chest to emphasize. "But we need to find ingredients for your brothers spell as quickly as possible. So I need you to stay here and take care of the next item we require."
"You're being ridiculous. Stop making a fool of yourself."
She frowned. "You don't look like you're feeling great."
John fed the amber colored maple leaf shaped candy to him. It was a candy that seemed hard at first but almost immediately crumbled and dissolved in his mouth. It did indeed taste quite similar to maple syrup.
Sherlock points to a drawer and John reaches into it to retrieve some lube. John doesn’t question it. He’s wanted this for so long. He’s thought of this moment a million times. He can’t remember the last time he was this turned on, this eager to be inside someone. The truth is, he and Sherlock are both just as desperate for each other.
Sherlock sighed, clearly defeated.
"Yes."
Sherlock frowned, unimpressed. The autopsy had revealed that there was no sexual component to the attack upon the woman, making him think there was a different reason she had been undressed. "I believe the killer was interrupted and left the scene before he could take what he truly wanted from her."
“Good to see you too,” replies Lestrade with a smile from the kitchen table. John is also sitting at the table. Sherlock is annoyed that he didn’t hear the DI coming up the stairs when he arrived. Lestrade and John both have half-finished tea, which means he’s been here for some time. Sherlock looks Lestrade over. His skin is far more golden than their last meeting, revealing he spent his holiday in some sun-soaked destination (as per usual). The vacation went well – he’s relaxed, but there is hint of trepidation in his shoulders. This isn’t a social call – Lestrade is here with a purpose. Dressed casually, however, so it’s not that he was called into work early. Not anxious, but also not looking forward to whatever discussion is coming. John is trying to supress a grin, like he’s glad he’s off the hook. Right. Lestrade is here for a case just not one of his own. Exeter.
John put his things in the closet and gave Sherlock a reassuring smile. He had gotten a lot better over the years at deciphering some of Sherlock’s moods and he as apparently picking up on Sherlock’s anxiety currently. There was no one else Sherlock could do this with, no one else he could endure this vacation with and pretend to be romantically involved with. John was his best and only friend. There was no one better suited for this task than him. There was no one Sherlock could lean on in the same way. He was so grateful to John for accepting this crazy idea of his.
“You didn’t,” he said. “It’s fine. Let’s go inside before I get another sunburn.”
"What happened?"
'It could,' John agreed.
This woman's throat was slit but there were no other visible injuries. Her body had not been posed like the last victim either.
"I thought that when I came back you'd be so happy to see me alive and we'd..."
Sherlock smiled then too, relieved. He almost felt like he could cry. He was so grateful and happy and all he could tell John was "Thank you." Because no one else ever seemed to understand it so well.
“No one’s laughing at you,” John promised him.
"Because we're in the middle of a case."
“What do you want?” Mary asked, once John was out of sigh.
"That would seem likely," Sherlock replied.
"What do you think?"
John scolded. "Those are perfectly good films. And if you''re so smart then you come up with a theory."
Another cry of John's name and Sherlock came undone completely. John was already struggling to hold on and finally he let himself go, joining Sherlock in ecstasy.
“Have sex with me.”
“You’re going to give yourself a heart attack, John. You’re overreacting.”
“Mycroft was looking,” John said.
“Have you ever… been with a man?” John asked him.
"What? No, she isn't." Why would John even think such a crazy thing? Was he making a joke?
Sherlock was skeptical but agreed to go along with whatever John was planning.
John was cheating on Mary. Well, not exactly. John was texting someone and being secretive about it. When Mary would be up late with their tiny screaming human, he would reach for his phone and take solace in the conversation. Someone else was making him smile. It seemed wrong somehow. It seemed like the only person he should be looking to for comfort and understanding and excitement should be his wife.
"You were right." John shivered a little, overcome by a sudden chill. "The killer is after their hearts."
"I want you inside of me... here..." Sherlock reaches down and two long fingers disappear inside himself in the place that's already wet and ready for John. Sherlock is no stranger to his own anatomy. Though he's never been with a partner before, he's used his own fingers and experimented with a few adult toys. He knows what feels good to him. He knows he would love to be fucked up the ass at some point by John but not right now. Right now he's impatient and he's wet and he just needs John inside him. He doesn't want to wait anymore.
Sherlock promised himself that he wouldn't settle but he knew that was exactly what he was doing. He was a difficult man to get along with. And the gender thing only made it more complicated when it came to relationships.
"Yeah, you too," he finished his cigarette and sighed. "Unless..."
"How was that?" John asked him, smiling.
"It doesn't," Moriarty agreed. "Because it's not real. None of it. Kind of like your fake relationship with John Watson. You don't really love him. Or maybe you do. I can never tell."
Nightmares plagued him the entire time. He was standing on a rooftop and there was someone standing in the distance. He tapped them on the shoulder and the person turned to face him. "Miss me?" It was Moriarty and he was smiling.
"Fuck me," Sherlock demands.
“Give me a good reason I should say yes,” he challenged.
John lingered in bed leisurely for a few moments before going in search of food. He found a large breakfast waiting in the dining room complete with Belgian waffles, fruit, and fresh squeezed Orange juice. He made casual conversation with Sherlock' s parents, avoiding Mycroft who was busy with an important phone call on the porch. He showered and dressed then tracked down Sherlock, finding him outside reading a book sitting under a large tree overlooking the lake.
"Did he often go fishing at this pond? Did he usually bring a fishing pole?" John asked.
"Don't," Sherlock says, moving John's hand off of his shoulder.
John gave him a sympathetic expression. That annoyed Sherlock too. It was just like John to be so nice to him even when he was being an ass and didn't deserve it. He felt entitled to be an add though because Mycroft was an even bigger ass. It was Irene who had hurt him the worst but she wasn't here so he had no choice but to take it out on his brother. After all, if it wasn't for Mycroft he would still be living in blissful ignorance believing in love.
She smiled at him, clearly delighted that he had called. She missed him. Maybe part of him had kind of missed her too. Sometimes it was refreshing to be in the presence of such a sweet simple soul, a rare gem in the world of crime he lived in everyday.
“I hate you.”
"I last saw him yesterday afternoon," she told them. "He was going to go fishing at a pond."
Sherlock sighed. "The one who asked us to solve the case, John."
John had found Sherlock in the drug den and rescued him. Sherlock had gotten his fair share of being yelled at for it. Molly even slapped him, telling him to stop throwing his gifts away like that.  John yelled at him too. But now they were alone together. Mycroft had left Sherlock in John's care for the night, not only as a doctor but as his best friend. Mycroft always trusted him to look after his brother and keep him from doing something stupid. This was both an honor and a burden. At least Mary seemed to understand why he was spending the night at Baker Street instead of at home in bed with his wife.
Sherlock had never seen John naked. He would have usually looked away to respect his privacy. But now he had the chance to stare and he took advantage of that.
John shrugged. "I just got caught up in the moment. That's all. If I was actually trying to get in your pants, it would have happened already."
"Solve the case."
Sherlock had never seen John like this. It was intense. His heart was racing.
“Never what?”
"Dry off," he instructed. "We need to have a serious conversation."
“Say it,” John insisted. “Say that you love me.”
He moves one hand to stroke Sherlock’s cock.
"What?" He pretended to not know what his older brother was talking about. He found this whole process tedious.
"Did I catch you at work? " He asked, gazing at the face on his phone screen. "I thought you might be on break."
"Where are we going today?" John asked as they rode together in the rental car.
Sherlock followed John to the room that was serving as his dressing room for the wedding. John closed the door behind them and now they were alone together. Sherlock felt like he couldn’t breathe. Maybe he’d tied his own tie too tightly.
"You're so good at leaving, though."
“Oh,” John said. “Sorry.”
Mycroft walked into the room just then. "Good morning John, little brother..."
"How do you want me to-"
John moaned. “You feel amazing.”
She was clearly lying. She was a very bad liar.
John can do nothing but stare at his phone, awaiting a response. His paperwork is forgotten. Is this some type of joke? He certainly doesn't find it funny.
"Oh... wow..." John wasn't sure what to say to the new information.
"Are you sure you're on my side?" Sherlock snapped, miserable and bitter.
John chuckled. "I know."
"Being nervous or not being able to get it up?"
Before he knew it, John’s was completely shirtless and explaining all of his scars. Some had been earned in combat and other had been accidents. “I even got stabbed in the thigh,” John was saying, and just like that he undid his belt and dropped his pants.
“I can deal with that.”
John adjusted his angle a little and thrust into Sherlock harder, faster. Sherlock moaned.
John's head was metaphorically spinning. He couldn't keep up with all of this. "What? As a...fake date again?"
"Cell phones that are turned on constantly send pings to cell phone towers constantly in order to find the nearest strongest signal. The towers keep a log of the pings." Sherlock didn't always mind explaining things to John. Sometimes he liked having an opportunity to show off how smart he was.
“I do, John.”
"No..."
Sherlock shook his head, growing more and more frustrated with the conversation. "John, you're an idiot!"
"That poor girl is so in love with you," John told him.
“Anytime,” John answered. “But first let’s get some sleep.”
John smiled at him. "Yes, of course I do. I should have told you sooner. But I didn't want to risk our friendship. You're important to me."
“I’m just so nervous, my palms are sweating.”
"I have to tell you something," Sherlock said.
John sounded very sure. Maybe he was right. Maybe something sinister was going on in the woods.
He took a shower, letting the water run hot enough to turn his skin red. He let a few tears fall before the shower washed the evidence away.
"Its not hunting season so what do you think he was hunting?"
'What do you mean?'-JW'
“But I do…care.”
The detective sighed. "Yes, I'm aware of that, John."
John hesitated for just a moment, then he nodded quickly. "Alright, I'll see you soon then."
"She had a name," Eliza sniffled, dabbling her eyes and smeared mascara with a handful of crumpled tissues.
“Won’t they look at me strange after we break up? They might not love me so much then.”
"But-"
Sherlock lay on his stomach and buried his face in a pillow. Maybe this was a mistake, a foolish idea. He shouldn’t have brought it up. John probably thought he was an idiot. His voice was muffled by the pillow as he asked “Do you think I’m pathetic?”
At dinner, Mycroft was asking a lot of questions about their relationship. Sherlock was tense and no longer able to relax, frustrated by his brother's behavior and worried their plain would be ruined. Thank goodness John was handling it well, thinking fast and coming up with believable answers.
Except it didn’t feel like a mistake. It didn’t feel bad. He was being selfish but he didn’t care because it felt so good to finally be kissing John.
Sherlock shook his head. “Don’t apologize.”
Mary smiled sweetly. It was sickening.
"Not exactly," he admitted. "But I was able to retrieve his last ping."
'So are you,' Sherlock texted back. His heart beat a little faster.
"Do you have to? We have to work on the case," he'd tried to keep John from leaving. "What if I get heat stroke again?"
Sherlock was confused. "This is a party."
And it was Sherlock's turn to laugh. "Of course."
"I'll be playing it at my family Christmas gathering. You should know that since you're planning on attending with me."
She considered the question for a moment, swatting at a fly hovering near an open can of soda. The only sound was her noisy fan by the window that seemed to be useless at cutting the humidity. John wiped sweat from his brow with the back of his hand.
"Of course I am."
"Can I... " John hesitated, licking his lips. He gestured at Sherlock's lower body. "What do you call this?" He looked embarrassed to be asking but Sherlock didn't mind.
"What do you think it means? Is this the reason he took her heart? Are his murders motivated by murder?"
After a moment of thought, John said "No one has found him yet. No one has heard from him. His cell phone is still off. No sign of him at all."
Sherlock frowned. "I'm happy I can provide such hilarious amusement for you."
He made a face as John found a stick that he peeled and used to hold hotdogs that he roasted over the fire for lunch. He doubted it was very sanitary but held back any rude comments and even ate one of the hot dogs just to make John happy. He owed John for playing along as his lover and dealing with his horrid older brother the whole time.
"I've never..." Sherlock starts to say but he lets the sentence trail off.
It wasn't a question but John still replied. "No, I'm not. Sweet girl. Just... not what I'm looking for."
“Ride you?” John asked, removing his fingers.
"Because I'm actually quite fond of her."
Sherlock rocked against him shamelessly. John just barely bit back a moan. Then Sherlock's hand was between their bodies, rubbing him through his jeans.
"Okay," John nods.
"Why would I do that when I knew you were bringing yours?
"No! John!" Sherlock was running but it was too late. He kept running until he collided with a hunting knife Moriarty was holding out. It stabbed him in the heart and he gasped, clutching his chest. He helplessly watched as Moriarty walked away holding hands with a smiling laughing Irene.
“I need to…” Sherlock shifted again. He couldn’t think clearly with John pressed against him like this.
Sherlock reached into his pocket and produced a folded up piece of pink paper. John snatched it away before Mycroft even could.
"No," Sherlock answered, sitting up and shaking his head. "We did not."
"No, you don't have a theory? Or no, you don't want to let me in on it?"
'Yes. Me too. Do it. Come for me.'
Before they could leave the scene, Mycroft was calling Sherlock on a video call. He answered, annoyed and frustrated by the interruption. He pulled John away from the crime scene to speak to his brother.
He laughed and so did Irene. She pulled the gun's trigger in slow motion.
John lays on top of Sherlock, kissing him all over. "Is this... are you sure..."
John reaches up and tangles his fingers in Sherlock's curls. Sherlock's hands come to rest on his waist.
They lay there for a few moments after, just catching their breath. Then John takes the initiative to clean up their mess and they fall asleep together on Sherlock’s bed.
"I'm going to eat," Sherlock announced abruptly. "I smell cinnamon buns."
Sherlock shook his head. "That's the problem."
They didn’t talk about it. It didn’t happen again. They worked together almost like old times. Except now Sherlock had a sister that he didn’t remember and she was dangerous. Mycroft was working with them on this. Moriarty had made an appearance from the grave… sort of. It was all very intense and didn’t leave much time to be thinking about sex.
John walked into the living room, smiling and shirtless, fresh out of the shower. He sat in his chair and checked his email from his cell phone. Sherlock could see the screen from where he was standing holding his violin. He didn't often see John shirtless and his eyes were drawn to the scars adorning his damp skin. There were scars from war and scars from life, all part of John and his story- none taking away from his good looks. The one he stated at the most was higher up. It had faded some now but was still visible on the right side of his face. This scar too didn't take away from his good looks but it always made Sherlock feel something unusual deep in his gut. Regret? Guilt? These were emotions he was not very accustomed to.
John captured his lips with his own and Sherlock did his best to kiss him back eagerly. Their teeth bumped and Sherlock laughed nervously.
"Do you not like Mary? Is that it?"
“Shut up,” John told him. He didn’t want to talk. He didn’t want to think. He dragged Sherlock down onto the couch. He landed on top of the detective and kissed him again, fingers momentarily tangling in his dark curls.
Sherlock was hesitant at first, curiously dipping his tongue in to lick at John’s hole. John made an encouraging pleased sound so Sherlock tried it again. He licked John’s ass thoroughly, trying different patterns and techniques, eagerly trying to press his tongue into John’s hole. When he’d seen the two men in that video doing this, it had seemed very sexy to Sherlock though he’d never previously considered it too much. He didn’t know how this could be so enjoyable but it was. He loved how responsive John was to it. He kept moaning loudly, encouraging Sherlock. “Don’t stop.”
Dean sat hunched atop an old wooden table in the abandoned barn, twirling his knife into the structure beneath him. An exasperated sigh left him and he rolled his eyes in annoyance.
"We're going out to catch a serial killer."
*****************************************************
"With all due respect, it may very well be an intriguing endeavor on your part. I certainly might get a thrill out of you putting me in handcuffs, however." Mycroft speculated boldly. The D.I.'s eyes went wide at that statement, but then his whole demeanor shifted to one of flirtation. The older man was so expressive and his devilishly handsome good looks had Mycroft's thoughts in an unusual place. Not that he never...well, anyway...He cleared his throat to ground himself back to reality. "We need to talk about Sherlock."
Metatron laughed in amusement. “It was something to watch.” He told them. “What you brought to his Earth, all the mayhem, the murder. Just the raw, wild, invention of God’s naked apes…it was mind blowing! But really. Really, it was your story telling. That is the true flower of free will. At least, as you mastered it so far. When you create stories, you become gods of tiny, intricate dimensions themselves. So many worlds! I have read as much as is possible for an angel to read and I haven’t caught up.” The angel mused.
This revelation startled Dean a bit. He leaned forward and rested his elbows on his knees. "Your orders were to follow my orders?" The hunter reiterated.
Greg picked up a machete and walked swiftly over. He pulled it in towards his chest, and then swung it out hard, slicing through the vampire’s neck like it was nothing. It’s head rolled off it’s shoulders and dropped to the floor. Blood spurted from the body and coated the sleeve of Greg’s dress shirt.
Dean chuckled full heartedly. He loved riling his brother up.
A few beers in, John felt very relaxed and quite cheerful. He was leaned back, braced with both elbows against the bar.
"It's not
Sherlock wheezed and gasped for breath. “Sherlock! Sherlock, I’m so sorry.” The detective shook his head. He wanted to say ‘not your fault’ but he was incapable of talking just yet. “Come on. Let’s get you out to the box truck. You can rest and I’ll load the vamps into the back.”
The hand stayed on the angel’s shoulder for a few lingering moments, and the seraph knew why. Dean was contemplating wether he was going to make his next move. It took several more moments before the tattooed blond hesitantly leaned down to press his lips against Cas’. The kiss was light, gentle.
But, how could they possibly go back to the way things were? That kiss, it had changed something. Hadn't it? And Sherlock had had a lot to say over the last few days, but not one word about that, John realized.
“What? I mean it. You help him stay grounded and in touch with reality. I was starting to worry that he may never get off that high horse of his. It’s not easy dealing with a high and mighty Holmes.”
John wondered how he had meant that. Good or Bad attention?
***********************************************************
Greg handed the water to Sherlock, who snatched it up and sipped it down quickly. "I am not an addict. I am a user."  Sherlock clarified, as though it made a difference to the other man. "I use to alleviate boredom or to heighten my thinking processes." He tossed the cup back to Greg, who caught it easily.
Things finally started settling down for him several weeks later. The distance from his relationship problems made his emotions much easier to manage.
"...and yet, even though you stopped Sam Hane, the seal was broken. And we are one step closer to hell on Earth for all creation." The hunter cringed at the implication. "Now, that's not an expression, Dean. It's literal." They shared yet another glance. They seemed to do that a lot. "You of all people should appreciate what that means."
“What happened to you?”
John stopped in his tracks roughly a hundred yards away. His hands went up in a defensive display.
"We should do that again. As well as frequently." Sherlock stated hopefully.
Sam nodded and blinked away tears.
“Good! That’s good, isn’t it? Well, with everything that you’ve tolerated so far, it seems that you will be continuing this…collaboration…with Sherlock.”
"Ay, but I could have you arrested for kidnapping. And a detective inspector, no less." But his voice quickly dropped it's anger as he took in his surroundings.
John spent his morning at the surgery, ran some errands in the afternoon, and then returned home to 221B Baker Street in the evening.
The slight tilt of the head from Sherlock made John sigh exasperatedly and roll his eyes.
His new lover was immensely hard against him and it turned him on like never before.
"Alright. Yeah." Dean nodded. "Well, I'll grab ya some grub so you can keep your strength up." As soon as he stood, the door to the bunker swung open and Cas clambered down the metal staircase. Heavy footsteps caused thunderous noise.
When Sherlock pulls back he can see the confusion play across his friends facial features, as was expected. But what happens next was not what he predicted would happen. John stares deep into his eyes and smiles. Then his gaze falls down to Sherlock's lips and back up again before he leans back in to initiate a more passionate kiss.
Metatron pulled an extra chair over and sat in front of the brothers before continuing his story.
The second time around a world map was used and six small patches were left unburned. Sam grabbed a notebook and jotted down the locations. London, Egypt, Kabul, Osaka, Xi'an, and Papua New Guinea. "Only six dragon skulls in the entire world." He whispered in amazement to himself.
“Everything evil that you’ve ever heard of, including but not limited to; Vampires, Werewolves, Shapeshifters, and Demons are all real. They live among us, killing, corrupting, and destroying human beings.” Mycroft informed the doctor, watching his fingers as he twirled his umbrella around in his hands.
"I've got you, come on!" The muscles in his arm strained to hold tight. "Dean!" Cas shouted.
John nodded, squared his shoulders, and set his jaw. “Let’s finish this.”
"Being passed out in a drug den is already dangerous enough without the added danger of the vampire uprise we're currently fighting. Do you not value your life? Do you wish it drained away by fangs ripped into the flesh of your throat?"
"You used him for your own pleasure and then pushed him away. Now he doesn't want to call me in because of you! I get bored Mycroft!"
Sod this. Sod his reputation as a husband. It had been ruined long before today. As much as he didn't want a divorce, he couldn't live like this any longer.
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m good.” The prophet declared.
The hammer came down with precise force and a sickening crack, as it shattered a kneecap.
“Did you like it?” John probed, dropping his hand from his chin to his lap. He gazed intently at the other man's face, trying to gage his reaction.
“Did Metatron say anything else? Anything at all.”
“Oh, we’ve barely just begun.” Mycroft assured him. He removed his jet black suit jacket and draped it over the steel chair opposite the vampire as he asked, “Why are your kind flooding into our harbors and streets?”
By the time John gotten outside and caught up with them, Gerard had the detective in a headlock with a gun against Sherlock's temple.
The vampire heaved, trying to take in enough oxygen. His mind swirled with pain. Tears streaked his face. “My f…my father is coming.” He warned between gulps of air. “He will…destroy you...destroy you all.” The vampire groaned in agony.
A proud smile spread over John's face as he held Sherlock through the shock of this new sensation.
"Christ, Sherlock." John gasped at the sight.
There was still shouting and the sounds of a scuffle from the bar area, and everyone seemed to be drawn to it.
“Check the teeth.” Sherlock demanded.
“Why not?” John inquired, his brows furrowed as he watched his friend. “I thought you’d be…flattered.”
After a few days of the brothers buried deep in research, Dean found something promising. He startled Sam out of his concentration when he hollered out, "Yes!" and slammed his fist down on the war room table. "Finally!"
A smirk played across Sherlock's lips.
“It’s not.” Greg snapped back. Mycroft gave up his right to care who he was sleeping with when he cut things off between them.
Dean's anger erupted. "Look pal, I'm not buying what your selling. So, who are you, really?"
Greg wondered exactly how he knew what had transpired, and to what depth. CCTV and Witnesses, he figured (rather accurately). Eyes and ears everywhere.
The detective shrugged, not an ounce of remorse in his gesture. “Ugh. Why did I wear my good slacks?” He groaned as he took in the blood covered state of them.
"Your friend's alive." The being stated absentmindedly. He was now leaned into the wooden table, flipping through some of the hunter's notes that were left there.
His body responded readily, and despite himself and he almost dropped the subject. Almost.
“Metatron.” The angel answered simply.
"It's Greg. And you're playing with fire, Sherlock. One of these days, if you don't stop, you're going to get burned."
It was then that John realized he had a new kink: Sherlock Swearing. He wanted to make him do that again. And again.
"Come on, John. Let's go catch a killer." With that, Sherlock was off in a flash. John at his heels.
"it's possible."
He watched as John swam, noticing his newly tanned skin and the way the water washed over Johns muscles. He looked handsome and almost youthful this way. It made Sherlock feel something strange in the pit of his stomach. He shook it off, best not to analyze it. This moment was meant to be enjoyed, not analyzed.
Sherlock was struggling and he couldn't use drugs anymore to heighten his thought processes. John may not be a genius but he was undeniably helpful in solving many cases. He had different skills than Sherlock, was better with people, and Sherlock trusted him. His opinion mattered whether it seemed like it or not.
