The others looked at him and then glanced at each other, eyebrows raised. A muscle in Bucky’s jaw was moving as he ground his teeth together.
“I lost everything. My company, my home. I have nothing left and it’s all my fault. I deserve this.” Tony stopped talking abruptly, his voice lost as he started to retch.
“Dragging me around where?”
It took a few seconds but Steve slowly realised he recognised the room, remembered the neat little bedroom with the two picture frames in pride of place next to the bed. He had been there recently, fallen asleep with another, different Tony resting in his chest.  Steve’s hands clenched, leather twisting in his anger. This was calculated manipulation, a way to disarm Tony, to confuse him with memories of kindness and love. Steve had seen tactics like this before, they were always accompanied by violence, with fear. A carrot and stick to force the victim into preferred behaviour.
Daddy’s strong arms reached down and scooped him, cradling him.
Tony shrugged, “Hard to know. Maybe you’ll snap right back to your own time or maybe you’ll be keelhauled around the space-time continuum for a bit first. You’d think this would be something Rogers would have mentioned to his team.”
Doctor Carter hummed, “I agree. I believe that Tony may have some issues with his digestive tract. It would explain his weight loss, the pain in his abdomen, and his upset stomach. I suggest we refer him for some more tests. Have you ever heard of a Sigmoidoscopy?”
“Steve,”’ The AI shimmered, taking a step forward, his hands held out like Steve was a wild animal he was trying to approach. “It’s not what you’re thinking.”
“I’m ok, but thanks for the offer.”
“Tony, please for the love of-“
Nearby voices suddenly echoed around the alley, dragging Steve out of his thoughts. Two dark shadows had stopped near the entrance, close enough to hear but too far to fully make out their faces.
“Sir, the asset is secured as ordered.”
Tony’s eyes were so blue, incredibly, impossibly blue. The irises were glowing, bleeding light until his eye sockets were full of blue electricity. Static crackled along Tony’s eyelashes. The hairs on the back of Steve’s arms stood upright, quivering. He tightened his grip on Tony, inhaling sharply as strange liquid metal appeared floating in the air around them. Around Tony. The metal folded and twisted in on itself, lazily flying.
“He won’t,” Tony answered; his hands came up to hold Steve’s wrists. He didn’t try to move Steve, just rested his hands on him, fingers on his pulse points. “I won’t let him.”
“Tony,” Steve said as Iron Man’s face appeared leaning over him.  “I’m fine. I just need a moment.”
Steve opened his mouth, another question unfurling across his tongue only to stop as pain shot through his side. He inhaled in surprise as it rippled through his body, the shock of it sending him stumbling across the bedroom floor.
Papa nodded miserably.
There were no Hydra agents in sight. It was a stupid move that didn’t make sense considering how not stupid Steve was. Steve had at least expected a couple of guards at Tony’s door. Feeling uneasy Steve made his way to Tony’s room  The knob lit up at his touch. Like every other lock in this place, it was coded to the Hydra Supreme’s DNA. Steve’s DNA. A.I. Tony had been right, no one else could have done this.
Tony bit his lip, his gaze was distant as if he was seeing something Steve couldn’t. “A couple of years after the SHRA, it took us a long to get over that one. Oh, and I have my mind deleted which didn’t help.”
Tony nodded slowly, “Well, if that would make you feel better.”
“I’m going to be strong when I grow up. I’m going to be like you and Captain America. Then no one will ever be able to hurt me again.” Tony told him, fidgeting. Steve’s chest hurt as he listened. “And then I can help other kids too.”
“Ok.” Steve’s cheeks were pink again, the corner of his mouth twitching as if he had overheard something funny and was trying not to give his eavesdropping away. He let himself relax once again, spreading out further around Tony until Tony thought he was going to try and envelope him. Tony’s eyelids were heavy, sluggish and instead, he found himself tilting his head towards Steve’s fingers, the curve of his cheek coming to rest against them.
Steve smiled uneasily. “Right. Because I’m on a mission.”
Steve had been shot before.
“No, just for when the moment is right.”
Peter whipped around to see his Papa slinking back into the kitchen. His mouth was sad, his shoulders were slumped and his eyes were red as if he’d been crying. Peter stared at him for a moment, unsure how to feel. He felt better now, but he’d been full of anger and fear all week and even though he knew now he didn’t need to be it was hard to forget it.
Pain. Extraordinary, unexpected pain ripped through his stomach, knocking the breath out of him. He went limp, gasping as the feeling worked its way through him. Unlike before, this pain was cold, ice daggers slowly pressing into his gut.
“I know,” Steve squeezed Tony’s hand again. He struggled to form the next sentence, unused to putting himself out there, to trying to vocalise his feelings. “During the SHRA, I thought that we were done, that we had been through too. That we had made too many mistakes to ever recover. I know that’s not true now. I saw what we can become, how much we care about each other. I know this isn’t the end.”
“You rescued me.” Steve pointed out softly.
Steve nodded slowly, accepting that this was as close to a goodbye as they would get. “And you need to save Steve.”
“I gave myself some upgrades.” Tony held out his hand and the silvery metal that had been floating in the air flew around him, silver ribbons that coiled and handed until they formed a gauntlet. His glowing blue eyes shifted to red; a warning light.
“Anthony, stop messing around,” Maria said sharply as Doctor Carter started to pull away. She leaned over and pressed her thumb into Tony’s lower stomach, pushing hard to remind him. “You said it hurt here, remember.” She looked at the doctor, shrugging apologetically. “I’m sorry, Doctor Carter. I don’t know why he’s acting like this.”
“Tony, we can-“ Steve began, ready to fight.
“We won’t,” Steve said firmly. He wasn’t sure if he was telling Tony or himself. He closed his eyes, heart finally slowing down. He and Tony were working on the same side. They were together. Finally. “We fixed things.”
Ever since he’d got his own room, there had been a rule that Peter had to knock before coming into his parents’ room. They didn’t tell him why, other than it was rude. Peter wasn’t exactly sure why it was rude and often forgot.
“You think?” Tony asked quietly, “My dad says I’m not good like Cap and so I couldn’t be a hero.”
Steve glanced down the at the Hydra Supreme. The other Steve was covered in blood, his eyes wild, mad with fury and disbelief unable to accept he had lost, not believing that his prisoner, that Tony had been the one to shoot him.
“And, I know we don’t talk about it but I know Howard was… difficult as he got older. You probably don’t want to talk about it with me but I'm here if you ever do.”
Steve laughed and then he had shot across the room, a bullet of movement aimed at Tony. He grabbed Tony by the throat, dragging him upright as easily as a doll and slammed him into the wall. Tony heaved, straining to breathe.
The AI was quiet, blue face flickering uncomfortably. Steve could barely look at him, everything about him was so human, so painfully like Tony. “That’s why I brought you here.”
“I know you’re not real. But thanks, anyway.” Tony said, his voice getting fainter. “I’ll try for him.”
“Wow.” Tony breathed into Steve’s hair; he was almost vibrating in excitement. “If you’ve met Iron Man, does that mean you are a superhero as well?”
Tony threw himself off the bed, trusting that Steve would catch him before he fell. Steve did. He wrapped Tony in his arms a with a relieved sigh, holding the man a fraction too tight against him. Tony’s fingers dug into his shoulder, biting down hard enough to hurt. He pressed his face into Steve’s neck, shuddering in relief. “I knew you weren’t Hydra; I knew he wasn’t you.”
Tony ignored Steve, shoving his hands into his pockets, his shoulders hunching up around his ears. He was shivering from the cold, walking unsteadily onwards. Steve followed him, not knowing what else to do.
“You saw the other road, right?”
Tony slipped out of Steve’s hands deftly, bereft at the loss of contact while simultaneously glad it was over. Steve touching him made him feel stripped bare, exposed. He turned, trying to force a reassuring, carefree grin at Steve. If Steve’s expression was anything to go by, Tony guessed he failed that too.
“Good morning Mrs. Stark, Tony. It’s good to see you again.”
Tony was a creature of the city, made for bright lights, celebrity and opulence. Steve had always thought of him as the embodiment of this century, a sleek, flashy image of modernity. He was out of the place in the park, a charged lightning storm on a calm day.
Steve couldn’t help but think how easy it could have been for the Hydra Supreme to get Tony on his side, how primed Tony was to trust, to believe Steve. How easily he followed.
“I know.” Tony was breathless, chest heaving. “But he’s currently the leader of Hydra. I think we’re on a break.”
“Tony…”
“Tony. He thinks…”
“He is busy at the moment.”
“I haven’t been myself?” Tony repeated slowly, furiously.
“Sometimes adults shout at each other, it’s not always a bad thing and it doesn’t mean they hate each other, or they’re going to hit each other. We were shouting but Steve wouldn’t have hit me, no matter how angry he was and no matter how loud we shouted. I’m sorry we scared you.”
“Thanks, Steve.”
“Tony once told me that extremis changed his brain, made it a hard drive.” Steve’s stomach was a knot, horror making his sick. “Tony is the register.”
“I should have known!” The AI snapped, “I helped him. And now Manhattan is trapped in the darkforce dimension. Steve is the ruler of Hydra; the Hydra Supreme. He has a team of superheroes working for him. Those of us that he hasn’t captured are scurrying like rats, hiding in shadows. And I… I can’t even touch anything.”
It's been almost a year since I updated this. Very sorry to have kept you waiting! Please feed me comments, it keeps me motivated to write.
Tony sucked a hot wet line down Steve’s throat, the sensation making Steve’s eyes nearly roll back into his head in surprise. Tony chuckled; his pupils were blown wide, dancing mischievously. “I thought you’d like that.”
Tony preferred the days when Howard hadn’t noticed him.
Bucky, Sharon and Sam were waiting, weapons ready. Bucky held out his shield, offering. Steve smiled at them, a feeling of rightness, of hope, inflating his chest. It felt for the first time in a long time that he was making the right choice. Steve took the shield, swinging it into the place over his shoulder.
Tony didn’t look unconvinced. He was trembling, body turned away as if he was about to run. He was, Steve realised, so scared, profoundly and deeply terrified. More scared than a stranger recognising his name should have made him.
“Tony, stop. I know you don’t want to fight to me, not again. That didn’t work remember? You need me. We’re better when we’re working together not in conflict. People get hurt when we fight.”
Steve placed Tony on his feet quickly, crouching down next him and resting his hands reassuringly on Tony’s shoulder. The boy looked like he might collapse at any moment, terrified shudders were running through him and tears had left long wet runway down his pale face.
Steve rolled his eyes, “Tony it’s 10 in the morning.” He dropped his hand, the photograph and his questions forgotten momentarily.
“Is he here, in the building?”
For a moment, Steve thought he was falling through time again. His heart had stopped, ridden high in his throat. “What.” He managed to croak out, taking an involuntary step forward.
Steve’s hand which had been curled possessively around his shoulder crept up, coming to rest of Tony’s face, drawing him closer to Steve’s bent head. His hand was big enough to cover most of Tony’s face, stroking at the skin near Tony’s eye. “You look pretty good to me.”
His shield sat gleaming in the dark.
“His vitals are spiking!” Hands pressing him down, medical gloves covered probing fingers. Steve could feel the prick of a needle in the crook of his elbow, hear the beep of machines.
“People in your time need your help.” Tony pressed, “Bucky and Sam. Sharon. S.H.I.E.L.D. falls after the SHRA, replaced by HA.M.M.E.R. and Norman Osborn.  Without you they won’t have anyone to turn to. They need your help. The Tony in your time is about to get his brain deleted. He needs your help.”
Maria met Jarvis’ eyes, “He’s got a delicate stomach, I don’t want him being sick because we’re forcing him to eat when he doesn’t feel like it.”
“I’m making your better. Superior.” Tony told him, “Like me.”
Tony rolled his eyes at Steve’s obvious uncertainty. He turned away from Steve. “F.R.I.D.A.Y bring up today’s news feed.”
“We should get food, I’m starving,” Tony said suddenly, moving so his fathers’ desk was between them. “How do you feel about burgers? Nothing more American than burgers? Although I could go for Chinese. What do you fancy, big guy?”
Steve smiled unwittingly; hell, the kid was cute. They had started walking, moving slowly up the road. Tony was dancing around him, obviously desperate for the company. Steve wondered sadly how long he had been alone, how scared he must have been to find the company of a stranger so pleasing.
“But –“
Tony’s mouth opened compliantly. His eyes were huge in his sunken face, his skin translucent from so long without sun. The Hydra Supreme was smiling as Tony struggled to meet the offered glass, his eyes darkening with triumph.
“Steve.”
Steve’s fingers tightened around Tony’s arm, “You have to stop.”
An alarm sounded suddenly, a blaring horn than made Steve hiss as it reverberated painfully against his eardrums.
Finally, the doctor broke away from Maria and came to Tony. He was a big, white-haired man with crinkling eyes and a moustache that wobbled when he talked. Tony liked him immediately and smiled up at the man as he made a show of groaning and bending down to sit next to him.
Tony’s blue face rippled like water. Settling into something emotionless, distant. “No Steve, we won’t see each other again.’”
Tony chose a sci-fi film, something with snappy dialogue and spaceship fights. Steve didn’t remember ever having seen it before but from the way, Tony commented derisively at the questionable science in the movie it seemed like something of a tradition. Steve finished his food and let his attention be captured by the movie. He was tired, so very tired and it was easy to relax into the sheets, to let go of the hyper-vigilant mode he had been operating in since he had been shot.
Before he could fall, Tony was at his side, sliding under his arm, holding him upright. “Hey, hey. I’ve got you. Stay with me,” Tony said. He was almost cooing, the words soothing. He moved them, somehow easily manhandling Steve so could lie down on Tony’s bed. Steve stared up at him, panting in exertion. The pain was fading, simmering beneath the surface.
“Oh, the cabinet at the back, that’s where he kept all the stuff from the war.” Tony gestured to the thick imposing oak dresser at the far side of the room. Dust had settled in a fine layer and the dark wood looked ashen.
“I’m still here to help,” Steve told him, at a loss for what else to do.
“No. I do, god I really do.” Steve said, and the hunger in his voice seemed to reassure Tony, made his shoulders relax a fraction.
The poison under his skin came alive, churning violently, trying to escape. He could feel his flesh crawling, peeling apart at the seams. Soon it would be obvious, everyone would see the sickness inside him.  A wave of panic swallowed him, and Tony was lost, taken away even as his body stood immobile. He could feel tremors running up and down his arms and sweat breaking out across his forehead.
Maria was wearing a dress of pastel sunshine; the hem shimmed her knees in a pin-straight line and the sleeves stopped neatly at her elbows, perfectly tailored to never crease. Despite the wait, she looked as fresh as when they had arrived, her flower sweet scent enveloping Tony as she bent down to kiss his sweaty curls. The familiar caress of affection made Tony flush with a rush of remembered humiliation and pain.
“What? No,” Steve protest, his arms still holding Tony upright. “Why would say that?”
“Steve, you found me,” Tony said hoarsely. His gaze flickered past Steve to the grimy, dim alley. “But what are you doing here.”
Everette blushed and stuttered a reply. He didn’t acknowledge Tony before he left. Tony was glad, he realised dimly that he didn’t care much for Doctor Everette.
Tony was still talking, his face tilted up towards the night sky, seeking stars that disappeared with the bright city lights. “I’ve always just been too much of a coward to tell him.”
“Sir is currently –” there was a pause “– indisposed at the moment.”
Tony stretched upwards suddenly. He kissed Steve hard; his lips too forceful, too chapped to be pleasant. And yet it was the best kiss Steve had ever experienced. Unlike last time, he didn’t hesitate, he wrapped Tony up in his arms, dragging him closer. Tony’s tongue slipped into his mouth, needy and frantic. He had thrown his arms around Steve’s shoulders, hands tugging at Steve’s hair, urging him closer.
He dragged his hands over his face, pulling at his skin until it stung. Tony had had panic attacks before; he went through phases of them. Blips of anxiety and humiliation scattered through his time at boarding school and MIT. He had endured them as best he could, waited them out until he was normal again. Tony had never figured out what set him off, he had never wanted to think about them. His father would have just said it was another example of how he was weak and Tony hadn’t wanted to prove his father right by finding out that there was no cause beyond Tony’s own self-created anxiety.
Maria was smiling gently, her anger at him evaporated as quickly as steam. She was his beloved mother again with her big eyes and the worried upturn in her eyebrows. She stroked his forehead, pushing and pulling the loose curls across his face as he sobbed. “I know you didn’t do it on purpose.”
Steve gasped and forced himself upright, his feet unsteady beneath him. He held his side, feeling like he was holding his guts in. He could feel the nanobots squirming, desperately trying to repair the damage. Tony had wandered lazily to the opposite side of the room and was bent over, rummaging through a cupboard. When he turned back towards Steve, he was holding a glass filled with familiar dark amber liquid.
“Of course.” Steve said, pressing a kiss to the crown of his head, “There’s nowhere I’d rather be.”
He charged. The electric baton hit Steve’s shield, sending electricity surging across the metal. The Vibranium vibrated painful, sending shockwaves up Steve’s arms. He groaned at the pain, forcing his arms up, the shield knocking the baton away. The Hydra Supreme took a step back. Steve saw his opening, swinging his shield up fast and catching the other man across the face.
“Yeah, that too,” Steve said over his shoulder. He dropped onto the sofa easily, eating space in a way he rarely let himself do. Tony wondered about that sometimes, tried to imagine what it would be like to wake up one day and find himself doubled in size. Steve hid it well, but the deliberate, careful control over his physicality indicated a level of awkwardness that he never spoke of aloud. Tony slumped down next to Steve, muffling a groan as his bones decided to make their weary aches know.
Steve’s careful exploration of his injuries revealed that he was no longer wearing his suit. Instead, he was dressed in a flimsy hospital gown, paper thin and open at the back. He winced at the feel of it, imagining trying to fight in it. Imagining facing Tony in it. Steve sighed wearily. He had learnt during the war and his time with the Avengers to focus on one problem at a timeix one thing and then move onto the next problem. Focusing on his clothing issue, helped subdue the rising feeling of panic. Today had pretty much been the worse. But Steve would fix things, just as soon as he found his clothes.
“I’m not Hydra!” Steve moved closer, batting away a third missile. The bedroom floor was littered with a fine layer of crushed glass, shards sparkling dangerously and Tony had bare feet. With a growl of frustration, Steve surged forward, easily capturing Tony by the shoulders and swinging him off his feet and onto the bed.
“Yeah, yeah. Fine. I’ll come down and –” Tony stopped talking abruptly, his mouth falling open in silent surprise as he saw Steve. He gaped like a goldfish before croaking, “I’ll call you back.”
The Hydra Supreme ran the back of his hand under his nose, dragging it through his blood. He moved his jaw side to side. The joints cracked, teeth and eyes bulging as he a monster escaping the confines of a broken mask. His fury was a volcano bubbling under the surface, molten. “That was a very stupid thing to do.”
“It’s been so hard on Tony. He’s been so ill and we’ve had no answers. No one seems to know what is wrong with him.”
“Do you like Captain America?” Steve asked softly.
They were both naked, shameless as they darted about the room, retrieving clothing from the floor. Steve looked upwards, embarrassed for them. His decision was not missed by Tony and he heard the man laughing, the sound cruel.
“You should know there is no straight answer to that question. But whatever we are, I can’t imagine him not being here with me.” Tony looked up at Steve, his electric blue eyes dark beneath the heavy sweep of his eyelashes. “I want you with me.”
“Going off without the team is! That’s not how we do things and you know it. You pull this shit again and I will bench you!”
“Anthony!” Maria snapped, her hand was heavy on his head now, forcing him still. “Stay still!”
Peter didn’t know why he was asking those questions; every time he did he just shook his head and crawled into his Daddy’s lap and made himself as small as he could. Peter wasn’t doing a very good job of looking after his Daddy because his Daddy kept looking like he was going to cry.
Inevitably they disappointed her.
Tony nodded, his fingers twitching with unspent energy. “I think if we put the cube back together, we can fix him. I have everyone looking for the shards.”
He wanted, in that moment, nothing more than to get himself a drink. A martini, or wine or straight-up vodka for all he cared. Just anything that could slow down the furious sharp edges of his whirling, sleep-deprived mind. It was how he had always dealt with things previously. Well, alcohol and sex. It had been too long since he’d had either.
“Stop saying stupid things then. Of Course I’ve asked him.”
Hydra Supreme reeled backwards, cursing thickly as he scrambled to stop the blood flowing from his shattered nose.
Tony’s eyes were blue again, sparking and electric in his face. “Oh Steve, haven’t you learnt yet that we all we do is hurt is each other? It’s basically a game at this point.”
Tony nodded, accepting this explanation easily. He let the stick fall limply to his side. Steve sighed in relief, the last thing he needed was another Tony trying to fight him.
“Have you not figured it out yet, darling?” Tony asked, his voice lingered on the endearment, rolling it across his tongue. “You’re not in Kansas anymore.”
“What?” Steve turned to look at him. Tony’s jaw was tight, his eyes turned away from Steve. “no, why-“
Tony hummed slowly, thoughtfully. He smiled, the sharp edges of his incisors gleaming in the soft light. “Oh, I have a few ideas about how to fix that.”
He refused to be a lab experiment.
Tony grinned, “I haven’t heard that name in a while.”
“What are you doing?” Steve asked, stretching slowly. The wound in his side was a deep throbbing pain and his back was stiff, muscles sore from hold himself tense for so long.
“Why don’t you all live together?” he asked her.
“Tony.” Steve tried again, reaching out. He made a noise of frustration as he looked down. The edges of his fingers were starting to blur, material dissolving. His vision started to blur. “No, not yet” Steve hissed and took a step forward.
“What about a scratch test?” Maria interrupted. She was titled forward, almost folding Tony in half as she leaned closer to the doctor.
Doctor Carter snorted, settling down back at his desk. “You’d be surprised.” He glanced over at Tony, an afterthought, “You can come down from there now Tony. I think we have everything we need.”
Steve walked out into atrium as the Hydra Supreme, his mouth curled into a sneer, his steps impatient.  Hydra agents snapped to attention; a dozen eyes trained on him waiting for his command.
Tony forced himself to smile, “Can we just forget it ever happened. I feel like an idiot.”
The sound of the doors slamming into the wall shattered the peaceful silence of the darkened room, disturbing the sleeping inhabitants. Steve came to a halt in the doorway, unsure what to make of the scene before him.
Tony knew the doctors were there to help him but he didn’t get excited like his mother. Sometimes, he positively dreaded their visits, not that he ever said anything. Instead, he got used to standing bare before them, cold and shivering as they examined him. He found himself drifting, stepping outside of his own body. He didn’t like the feel of their cold hands on his skin or the way they looked at him, as if he was a pretend human, a mannequin to be manipulated rather than a real boy. Tony’s only comfort was his mother. Maria oversaw all those appointments, watching the doctors eagle-eyed as they listened to Tony’s heart and took his blood and pressed around his abdomen trying to find where it hurt. She would make small talk with them, faltering worriedly as she described Tony’s worsening symptoms. They would pat her hands reassuringly and tell her she was doing everything she could, that she was a great mother.
They sat lazing on the couch, Steve soaking in the information Tony shared. How SHRA was over, how the Avengers had reformed. Tony explained he was in San Francisco to launch a new product.
“Shit, shit. I can’t believe it worked. Shit.”
In the distance, someone was calling his name, a whisper, barely audible. Steve couldn’t focus, the world was wavering in and out of darkness. Above him, Sharon had started to cry, her fingers biting into his shoulder.
With a curse, Tony stepped out the docking bay and flew out the opening tunnel.
Tony shook his head in denial, “No. I’m a good boy mama.”
“Well, well, well.” Steve forced his eyes open. Tony wavered into focus above him. The man was smirking, his whole face filled with cold, sharp excitement.  Tony crouched down, never taking his eyes off Steve’s face. His tongue coming out to lick the edges of his mouth. Up close, his eyes were brilliant, unnaturally blue, almost glowing. “What do we have here?”
Levering himself gingerly upright, Steve spotted the clothing neatly folded by the foot of the bed. It was easy to find, the only thing in the room that wasn’t white. Steve struggled out of bed, tugging on his body armour quickly. Tony hadn’t provided him with underwear he realised irritably and held his breath as he zipped his trousers over his bare skin. The lack of underwear might have been an oversight but Steve couldn’t help but feel it was purposefully.
Tony sniffed, nose running and eyes burning. He nodded, “Sorry.”
“Why would I?” Tony asked, sounding for the first time something other than amused. “Why would I mess with your head after I saved your life!”
“I know.” Steve opened his eyes, he stroked Tony’s face. “But I’ve only just found you. I just figured out how I feel. And now I have to go back to being without you? To fighting you? How am I meant to do that when all I want to do is kiss you?”
The picture on the wall focused and Steve blinked at his own curious face. He titled his head and the image of him on screen copied the move. Snorting in realisation, Steve waved cheerfully at himself.
“There has been no comment from Stark Industries or Tony Stark regarding the pricing of extremis 2.0. or the violence his app has inspired.”  The voice-over continued.
The words were quiet, lost in the shuffle of doctors and nurses entering the operating theatre. Tony tried to turn, to look over his shoulder but a hand pressed him down, biting into the sharp ridge of his collarbone.
They were always too old, too young, too uninformed. They dismissed Maria because she was a woman, because she was Italian, a Catholic. None of them would take Tony’s sickness seriously. Tony found himself watching the same conversation between his mother and the doctors again and again. They would shake their heads and hold out their hands and admit they didn’t know what was wrong with Tony, that all the blood tests had come back clean, that they could nothing wrong with him.
“Hey munchkin, you ready to get up?”
Distracted by his thoughts, Steve didn’t notice as Tony wiggled closer, shuffling so he was tucked under Steve’s armpit. Steve let his arm curl around Tony, drawing him closer. The feeling of holding the other man was nice.  Tony pressed a soft, lazy kiss to the edge of Steve’s jaw, lips burning Steve’s skin. His next kiss landed on Steve’s mouth. Steve made a noise of protest, tilting his head. He misjudged the movement and it opened him up for Tony’s advances, the man’s tongue tracing the seam of his lips. Steve breathed in surprise and let Tony kiss him. His moment of indecision kindled the fire in his stomach and blood rushed away from his brain. Steve groaned and kissed Tony back, thoughtlessly chased the feeling. The kiss between them lasted too long. Before Steve even realised it, their kiss had depended from something soft and sleepy to something more aggressive, more desperate.  Steve inhaled sharply as Tony shifted. He was aroused, his hardness pressing against Steve’s leg.
Tony’s eyes lifted open once again, pained. “Because the real Steve Rogers doesn’t want anything to do with me at the moment.”
“No. That’s not possible!” Steve said. It couldn’t be 2015, that was seven years in the future.  F.R.I.D.A.Y. must have been mistaken. “How long have I been here?”
Peter nodded sagely. He’d heard the word
“Tony, please.” Steve said, “I don’t want to fight you.”
“Cute.” Tony said with a smile and a roll of his eyes, “If you want to help, you can find me a drink. It’s been a long day.”
After he had made his first circuit board, things had changed. Howard’s interest had been piqued and he would summon Tony intermittently into his study as if he was a prized dog to be examined. Tony remembered standing outside the study in his tiny, itchy suits, listening to the scratch of Howard’s pen and waiting for his father to call him in. How he’d hated those visits. Howard would shoot a series of rapid questions at him, his fierce eyes pinning Tony to the carpet and Tony would mumble back, shrinking into himself as he realised his answers were unsatisfactory, that he was disappointing.
Tony narrowed his eyes suspiciously but Steve just smiled, pressing his advantage. “We can finish watching the Stars War.”
“I want to sell him the serum.” Tony corrected, “I want him in my debt. By my side, at my feet. Either would work.”
“We’re coming for you brat! We’ll cut your feet off so this time you won’t be able to run away!”
Steve could barely speak, the words wrenched out of him with desperately.  “Then where is he? The real Tony?”
Steve slowly wiped the water from his face. He was cold, methodical as he cleaned himself up. All displays of love and warmth had faded, revealing something cold, uncaring and filled with anger. He stepped around Tony carefully, boots landing millimetres away from the man’s grasping fingers.
“Tony!” Steve called but Tony ignored him, retreating.
“Sir, the intruder has returned.” F.R.I.D.A.Y. explained over the sirens.
Steve looked down at himself. He was still wearing the strange navy and blue commanders uniform that the red-eyed Tony had given him. It was sleek and sturdy and he might have liked it in other circumstances but now it felt tainted. His skin crawled in memory. “I don’t like it either.”
“I know buddy.” Bucky patted him on his back, “Unfortunately we don’t have much time. We have to get you out in public before Osborn finds us.”
Steve’s hand snapped out, encircling Tony’s bicep, holding him still. Tony looked down at Steve’s hand lazily, his gaze skating back to meet Steve’s eyes. He raised one dark eyebrow questioningly, challengingly.
The other avengers came around and made the appropriate noises of awe, ruffling his hair and high fiving him. Later Papa had hinted that maybe he should draw them as well since they were also part of his family. He probably hadn’t meant for Peter to start it in the middle of the night, but Daddy worked a lot in the night and he worked better then, so that was probably true for Peter as well.
Jarvis gave an abrupt bow and strode off. Maria watched him go, her face was tilted towards the house, face pulled into a mask of concentration. Tony’s eyes traced the delicate lines of her profile, the button nose and the fullness of her mouth. Tony wondered if he looked like her, when she was angry she said he looked like Howard but sometimes she would run her fingers across his eyelids and along his nose and jokingly ask him if he had copied her face. Tony would much rather look like his mother than his father.
On the far wall, a television feed flickered into life.
Tony gave Barton the finger and shuffled his way into the kitchen, automatically making a beeline to the coffee machine. It was a huge, polished red machine. A gift to himself years ago. Tony put his hand on the machine, staring at it blankly.
A muscle in Tony’s jaw twitched, his chin tilted in defiance.  “I’ll never join Hydra.”
“Are you sure, you’re OK?” Tony asked after a moment. He sounded tired, uncertain and Steve felt another stab of guilt.
As abruptly as the pain had started it stopped.
As he grew, an increasing carousel of minor sore throats, stomach issues, migraines, and fevers plagued him. His spells of dizziness abated, but in its place came intermittent stomach issues: nausea, pain, and diarrhoea. Tony wasn’t always sick. Some days he ran and played, forgetting until scolded that he needed to be careful, that he wasn’t well. Other days, his sickness was undeniable.
Peter’s own eyes stung, though he wasn’t sure why. He pushed his favourite purple crayon across the table with a smile. “Purple’s my favourite, it’s lucky” he told Amy, “but you can have it if you want.”
“The future, probably about as far into the future as you’ve been.” Iron Man looked at Steve, facing him directly for the first time.
He wasn’t, no one was. Peter scurried back to his room, stamping all over his half-finished drawings as he leapt into bed and under the covers. The cartoon face of his Papa stared up at him with a grin. His teeth were too white and there were words curling over his head proclaiming
“No, I wasn’t sick like you.”
Steve wasn’t sure how long he stood silent and unmoving, staring at the screen. At some point, the video feed went dark. The comatose Tony and the Hydra Captain America disappearing like a bad dream. But Steve found he still couldn’t move.
“Sir brought you to the house eight hours ago.”
“What would work?”
“Steve.” Tony breathed. His eyes went wide, huge in his face. Steve had always thought that Tony’s eyes gave him away, too revealing for him to be as cold and detached as he wanted to be. Maybe that was why Tony liked sunglasses so much. He could see himself reflected in Tony’s eyes, half dead on his feet, covered in his own blood.
For the rest of the day, Steve remained with Tony.
Tony blinked away the memory, brushing the spiderwebs of clinging feeling away his eyes as the door to the doctor’s office closed behind him. The little office felt small, stifling and Tony drew in a shaky hot breath, wondering if the air was thick or heavy or if maybe his lungs were ill as well as his stomach.
“Tony, wait.” Steve reached out, big hand curling easily around Tony’s wrist. Tony didn’t bother to try and break away, not that he had a choice if Steve wanted him to stay.
They clashed hard, the grating sound of metal hitting metal echoing around the atrium. Every hit was sending warning tendril of pain through Steve, leaving him sluggish and distracted. He was struggling to react fast enough and every now and again the baton would hit him, a jolt of electricity zapping him. One electric blast to the neck left his crying out in pain, falling to his knees. He struggled to get up, to move again. When Steve looked up, the Hydra supreme was waiting, the baton thrust under his chin warningly. “I won’t ask again, where is he.”
The beggar was wearing what once might have been a nice suit. It was now covered in stains, hanging off his frame as if he had lost a lot of weight too quickly. His trousers were torn, one pale knee flashing through the hole in the material with every step. Shaggy, unbrushed hair hung limply over his face, hidden beneath dirt and unkempt facial hair. And yet, despite his appearance, Steve recognised him instantly.
He smiled uneasily at Steve, “It’s fine. I just don’t want you to be disappointed. I don’t know how much he kept.”
“Wow, what’s happening to him!”  one of the men shouted and they stumbled away mumbling fearfully.
Tony nodded and unlocked the door. The air that met them was stale, heavy with dust. Particles danced in the thin, shafts of sunlight that stole into the room from between the heavy curtains. Tony found himself holding his breath. A part of him was still expecting Howard to turn around in his chair and shout at Tony for disturbing him.
Tony glanced over at his mother, confused. He didn’t think he hurt when he ate and he definitely wasn’t leaving any food, not with the new diet he was on for his allergies. He licked his plates clean, chasing the lingering taste of food with his fingers and tongue as his stomach-churning ravenously. He could feel the protest on the tip of his tongue, an automatic denial but it died as quickly as he thought it, shrivelling in his mouth like rotting fruit. He hung his head, suddenly ashamed but not sure why.
“Smile at the camera,” Maria told him softly after the first flash, “I want us to remember this.”
“No.” Tony hissed, breathing whistling through his teeth. “I know you, the real you. Steve would never join Hydra. He loved me.”
Tony glanced over at Steve’s perfect, blonde profile. He couldn’t have envisioned this being his reason.
Steve blinked at the horizon in confusion. It had been midday minutes ago, the sun had been right above him, searing into his skin as he’d laid on those courthouse steps. But the courthouse was gone, as was the crowd and Sharon. Steve jolted at the thought of Sharon – she had shot him. The movement sent a vicious ripple of pain through him and he gasped, unable to stop himself. He couldn’t remember if his other bullet wounds had hurt this much but he suspected not.
Steve sucked in a sharp breath of recognition. His own face stared back at him. His features, worn, withered away by age.  A vision of himself fading away. The man in the video took a right down a side street, his back to the camera once more.
“You’re injured. Steve, don’t move. Just let me…” Iron Man stepped into view. This armour was red and gold, an older design with its flat face and big hands. Steve relaxed at the sight of it. Part of him half expected to land back in San Francisco. To be back with the Tony from his first time jump with his snake grin and too blue, electric eyes and his alluring psychopathy.
“Did you do what they told you?”
“You had your mind deleted,” Steve repeated flatly, his face hardening at the thought.
Bruce remained absent, he wouldn’t risk the hulk for a dozen poorly made robots but Tony knew was on standby: in the jet above them, on the comms and ready to take action.
“It’s just a disguise. Your A.I. made it for me.” Steve explained hurriedly.
“Where are my clothes!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony’s face twisted and he shifted guiltily. “I didn’t say I didn’t like it.” He mumbled, staring down at his feet. Steve looked down at him softly. Tony was still hoping from one small foot to another, the movement flashing the red, singed soles of his feet. The boy must be in pain and yet hadn’t complained, hadn’t even mentioned his discomfort. He reminded Steve of the Tony he knew, quick to react to the perceived hurts in others but unwilling to share his own pain. There had been many times when Steve had nearly pulled out his hair in frustration after finding out about injuries Tony had kept quiet about. He couldn’t help but wonder sadly where that habit had come from; how young had Tony been when he’d learnt there was no point in telling people when he was hurt.
“I hate doombots.” Clint complained, trailing after Natasha as they hurried to grab their weapons.
“I’m fine.” Tony tried to say, but the words came out garbled, wet sounding. Steve looked sick, colourless.
Steve shook his head, “That isn’t true. We were Avengers together before, we were good together. We can help each other be better.”
“I love him. Always have. Pretty much since the moment I met him.” Tony’s smile was stretched too tight, skin painfully tugging at his exhausted, purple circled eyes. “Maybe even before. I was a big, big fan of the comic books”
“I can fix him.” Tony finished.
“Why are you here?” Steve asked quietly, “Why are you drinking?”
Steve relaxed minutely, “Where are we?”
The doctor smiled at Maria easily. “It’s quite common in children this young. It can be hard for them to explain their symptoms. Tony is lucky he has such a dedicated mother.”
“Don’t touch me!” Tony snapped.
“Wait, March?” Steve repeated abruptly. His eyes opening fully as the information sunk into his sluggish mind. His voice was hoarse, his throat protesting the sudden use. It wasn’t March, it was September. Or at least it had been when Steve had gone to his trial. Slowly, he remembered Sharon shooting him. He remembered falling and stumbling through that strange park. He remembered Tony leaning over him: Tony’s strange, airbrushed face. Steve had been injured badly; he had been ready to collapse. How much time had he lost recovering?
Steve sighed. He stared down at Tony’s relaxed, sleeping face. Steve wanted to go home. He wanted to fix things with his Tony. He had this future waiting for him and he wanted it. He wanted it so badly he could almost taste it.
“Sorry,” AI Tony said, the pixels of his fingers breaking apart and reforming as he moved his hand away from Steve. “I forgot I can’t touch sometimes.”
Steve nodded, the instructions running through his mind on repeat. He could feel the familiar surge of adrenaline filling him, the slow, calmness of his mind just before he leapt into action. He swung his shield up and over his head, locking into place on his back with a sharp nod at the A.I. “Got it. I’m ready.”
Steve felt sick. He sat upright, turned away so he could swing his legs over the side of the bed. Away from Tony.
“That outfit was badly damaged. Sir had a copy of your suit, Commander.”
“Steve?” Daddy whispered softly.
He met Steve’s gaze expectantly.
Steve scowled, grabbing the man’s shoulder and forcing his attention back towards Steve. Tony’s eyes were bright in his grimy face, a light in the dark. “That’s not true. You are a superhero, a hero. You have spent your entire life trying to atone for past mistakes, to be better. You get knocked down but you always get up, always keep trying. That’s why you’re a role model, a hero.”
Tony tutted is disapproval, gently pushing a strand of hair out of Steve’s face. “Don’t lie, Steve. I saw the footage, the look in your eyes. You wanted to hurt me. It must have felt so good, finally managing to shut me up.”
“But the serum…”
Except there was plenty of things wrong with Tony.
The man reflected back at him was clad in a skin-tight, navy, catsuit. A five-pointed star encircled in white rested high on his chest and thick white stripes fanned out from the emblem, unfurling like a shadow of wings across his chest and back and wrapping around his upper arms and shoulders. A strange, pale cage around his torso.
The sun was heavy in the sky, swollen like an overripe orange. The heat of it made the air syrup-liquid, chokingly thick as Steve took a huge shuddering breath, eyes snapping open and closing shut as they looked directly into the sun. For a moment he thought he heard a voice, calling out his name but his hearing settled, revealing only the loud lazy chirping of crickets. On either side of him was a long, empty highway. The air was shimmering from the heat, making it appear as the road was moving, rippling like water. The sun had baked the tarmac, leaving it bubbling, burning his skin through his suit.
“He’s in a coma.” The AI said, “Tony was injured and placed himself in a stasis pod to recover. He created me, a failsafe, in case he was incapacitated.”
Tony blinked pale blue eyes at him, barely able to focus. The whites of his eyes were bloodshot, his pupils blown wide. After a few moments, he seemed to realise that Steve was crouched next to him and a sad, crumpled smile unfolded across his face. There was a fine layer of dirt covering Tony’s skin, emphasising the lines that appearing in the corners of his eyes as his expression lifted.
His parents looked at each other like they had done all those years ago, surrounded by fireworks.
Tony tried to turn at the sound of his name but he was unsteady on drunken feet. He lost his balance, falling to the ground, his elbow catching hard on the concrete beneath him. Steve leapt out to his feet, moving to Tony as quickly as his aching body would allow.
“Steve, you’re looking better. Love the suit.” Tony’s voice was a drawl, familiar and warm but with an undercurrent of something darker, sharper than Steve was used to. He sat in his soiled sheets as if it was a throne, the light fell directly onto him, illuminating his face.
“But –“
Steve turned back to the TV, seeking a distraction. It was easy to flick the channel over, to find the news station from that morning. The morning news crew from had been replaced by a different pair of cookie cutter presenters, they were eerily similar to their earlier counterparts, with big hair and stapled on smiles. The volume had been turned off and the hosts mouthed soundlessly at Steve.
Peter suddenly ripped the duvet off the bed, throwing it to the floor and kicking it violently, as fierce anger shook his whole body. Once it was off his bed he kicked the mattress and kept kicking it until he couldn’t anymore and then curled up, cold and miserable and fell asleep.
“No Tony. You need to stay like that, you’re sick.”
“Please, Maria don’t worry. I can see Anthony is unwell. We will get to the bottom of this, there are plenty of tests we can try. We just have to pick a starting point.”
Tony woke with a start, white starbursts popping across his vision.
Tony’s eyes were so blue, sparking electricity. “It just isn’t the same doing this alone.”
Steve remained silent, gaping.
Tony glanced up, his mother’s lips tightly pressed together. “Mama?” he asked hesitantly.
“Good work, lookout,” Steve said, presenting his fist. A small hand bumped against his knuckles excitedly. “Right all we need to do is get there.”
“He’s getting worse. I just can’t quite figure out what’s wrong with him.” Maria told the newest Doctor. Tony was sat limply in his mother’s lap, his face pressed into her chest so he didn’t have to see Doctor Everette’s face. Before the doctor had arrived, his mother had reminded him of his failures previously; he needed to show the doctor exactly how sick he was. “I’m at my wit's end, Jonathan. No one will take me seriously.”
“Will it hurt?” Maria asked Doctor Everette over Tony’s head. Her hand was resting on the back of his head, but instead of the usual soothing up and down stroking, her fingers were pressing down too hard, pinching his scalp.  Tony struggled not to squirm away, feeling agitated, claustrophobic, trapped between his mother’s hands and the doctor’s table.
“Let’s see if we can’t shave off another minute, shall we?” Tony said instead and his stomach flipped with familiar terror laced adrenaline as he plunged downwards, a bullet into a war zone.
The AI flung out his hand. His arm sliced through the consoles, blue pixels wobbling out of existence. He sighed, defeated. The blue outline of his arm reformed quickly, blue light twirling like ribbons back into skin and flesh.
Steve pushed the thought aside, embarrassed. His suit was started to feel wet and cold as blood continued to escape his wound. One problem at a time, he reminded himself.
“He’s too small.” The doctor huffed, sounding annoyed. Something slippery and cold reached between his buttocks and Tony jolted like a live wire in surprise. “Fuck sake, keep him still. I don’t want to rip him apart.”
Unusually the light in their bedroom was on, illuminating the room from the hallway as Peter twisted the door open slightly. Angry, shouting voices assaulted him and he froze, the door cracked an inch and his face pressed against it so he could see inside.
“Shit...” the AI’s voice was a whisper behind him. He hurried forward, his hand going uselessly through Steve’s shoulder. A flutter of electricity crackled over Steve’s skin, making the hairs stand on end across the back of his neck.
“Yeah, well you always did have to do everything better than everyone else.” Steve snapped.
The picture had been a great success.
After what felt an age it was time. Steve hesitated at the door; his ear pressed against the metal for one final check. Satisfied the corridor was empty he stepped out, one hand resting on his shield, ready to fight.
Steve stood up, stepping closer to the suit. He remembered a previous Tony’s off the cuff comment about wearing the suit for months on end, not being able to take it off and face himself. And even before then, Tony had always used the suit to hide his weariness, his injuries, his humanities. Steve sometimes wondered if Tony preferred to be thought of as a machine. Uneasy prickled up the back of Steve’s neck. “Tony, let me see you.”
The test was over minutes later, leaving the skin across Tony’s back hot, prickling like he’d rubbed stinging nettles across it. He slowly levered himself upright, lilting to one side dizzily. His mother and Doctor Everette didn’t notice him. They were stood close together, laughing. His mother was radiant, glowing as if she was full of sunlight, her eyes dancing. Everette was mesmerised.
“Not for me. That hasn’t happened for me yet.” Steve said. He looked at Tony, saw the fondness, the love in his eyes as he waited for Steve to calm, to say his piece. It was the same look Tony had been sending his since they first met. Steve just hadn’t understood. He swallowed. “Another you told me that you had always loved me, since the day we first met.”
His smile stalled half way and Peter found himself staring at the big dark mark across his Daddy’s jaw. It was really bad, it looked like he’d got purple and red crayons and rubbed them together all over his cheek. His cheek was so swollen his eye was squinting. Peter’s felt his throat lock up miserably as last night came rushing back to him. Daddy sometimes had other bruises, he said they were from avengers missions but maybe they weren’t, maybe Papa had hit him then too.
“It is your title. Do you not wish to be referred to as such?”
Steve felt cold. He closed his eyes.
Tony was like a wild animal, punches dissolving into a desperate fearful clawing. He was making a low-pitched whine, deaf to Steve’s explanations. Steve rolled on top of him, capturing Tony's arms and pinning them next to his head as gently as he could. Tony heaved, the fight leeching out of him with exhaustion. He looked up and Steve nearly recoiled at the fear, the hate in his blue eyes. Tony had never looked at him like that before.
Steve’s jaw clicked, swallowing the explanation uncomfortably. “What happen?”
Tony laughed, “We are fundamentally incompatible, we will never share the same beliefs, never want the same things. We will always disappoint and hurt each other. And yet we can’t stay away, we don’t want to stay away. We’re magnets, drawn and repulsed by each other. We bring out the worst in each other Steve.”
Tony sniffed, his chest felt tight, his breathing uneven. The bright clinical starkness of the room had stolen Tony’s voice; he felt small, invisible in the busy room. His bare toes curled up; his gown came to his shins but was paper-thin and Tony’s feet and hands felt stiff with cold. The nurse had put a thin cotton blanket over his stomach and legs and Tony clutched at its edges, wanting to wriggle down the bed until he was completely hidden. As if sensing his thoughts, the nurse caught his eye and raised an eyebrow warningly.
More times than was healthy. But having super soldier serum had made him brave, careless and he had lost the fear that a bullet would kill him. Or at least, that it would kill him instantly. Familiarity didn’t make a bullet hurt any less and bullets hurt a lot.
“You really do suit that outfit. It emphasises all your curves.”  Tony’s voice echoed around the penthouse, his footsteps light as he made his way towards Steve. Steve stayed where he was, back to Tony, staring out into the darkness. “Steve?”
Steve was dragged under.
Suddenly, a member of the crowd froze. His joints locked up and he folded jerkily inwards as if about to seize.  He shuddered and like scales peeling away, his beauty and youth cracked and dissolved leaving behind a wide-eyed, balding middle-aged man. The crowd paused, their attention captured by the strange metamorphosis. At the sight of the changed man, furious noise broke around across the crowd and they surged closer, their anger newly directed. The man stumbled under their focus, twisting away from flailing limbs and tumbling down to the floor as the raging crowd swallowed him whole.
“Thanks,” Tony replied automatically; his attention already somewhere else.
“Did you know you look just like Captain America?” she asked Steve softly. Behind them, Tony let out a huge bellow of laughter, the sound sharp and whip-like.
The suddenness of the movement knocked the glass out of Steve's hands. It crashed to the floor, glass shattering. Water scattered, soaking Steve’s uniform, his face. Tony stared up at him, eyes narrowed.
“I know. I’m a genius. People underestimate me because I’m small.” Tony continue, hopping from one foot to another. “It’s silly to underestimate people because they’re small. Captain America was small and he ended up being a superhero!”
Even before Steve had fought Tony, the other man had looked tired, weary circles pressed under his eyes, strain lines carved deep into his forehead. That was all gone. It was as if he had lost 15 years, any and all imperfections smoothed out. His skin was radiant, almost glowing gold in the watery bedroom light. His eyes were eerily blue, burning in his face. Even his hair looked thicker, mussed and soft as it curled at the edge of his temples. He looked like an artist’s impression of Tony Stark. A picture rather than a real person.
Steve turned away from the TV. So, this was the product Tony was launching.
Peter could only see his Daddy’s face from his position at the door. Papa’s back was to him, the muscles near his spine bunching and heaving as he gasped. It seemed like he couldn’t breathe properly. For a moment he started to release the other man, his fingers flexing tight before dropping away from Daddy’s upper arms.
“We fought each other for too long.” Steve tried, “and nothing good came of it. I need to speak to Tony.”
Tony was silent for a long moment and when he finally said something, there was something fragile, uncertain in his voice. “Is it me?”
“Not his best work at all,” Tony muttered to himself, dodging to the side as a robot tried to slam its bladed arm into him. The blade struck the pavement, the force of the blow crumpling the concrete. Tony allowed his momentum to bring him back towards the robot, slamming a fist into its head and following up with a repulsor blast that knocked the skull-like mask right to the floor. Sparking circuitry was exposed, sparking angrily as the robot crumbling at the knees and fell to the ground.
They sat together contently, watching as Jarvis slowly made his way towards them. Jarvis was Tony’s favourite person. After his mother. He had a funny accent that made him sound clipped and proper but he always winked at Tony when he saw him and he didn’t mind when Tony followed him around while he did his work.
Steve raised an eyebrow, not quite getting how this answered his question.
Steve clutched the suit to his chest, pulling a face of exaggerated offense. “Shut your mouth.”
“Yes, Boss.”
He stumbled away from Steve, balancing himself with shaking hands against the slime-covered stone wall and started to vomit. His back arched painfully like a cat with a hairball, the sharp bumps of his spine straining through his thin shirt. Steve winced; the only thing Tony had in his stomach was alcohol and liquid splattered to the floor, splashing his shoes.
Tony struggled, fighting with himself. “No, you don’t understand. You can’t stay with me. You need to go back to your time. To your friends.”
Tony exhaled loudly; a sob hidden at the edges of his ragged breath. He nodded, the movement violent with determination, “I will save him.”
Her face triggered a memory: Sharon stood above him on the courthouse steps, a gun in her hands.
Tony tilted his head, his eyebrow quirking. “Are you OK? You sound a bit strange?”
Tony curled his free hand into a fist guilty. Howard and discussions of Tony’s intelligence had infiltrated Tony’s life seemingly overnight and Tony wasn’t sure he liked it.
“Here, Tony,” Maria told him after a moment. Her eyes were hidden from view behind her sunglasses and Tony couldn’t read her expression as she pushed her cup across the table to him. Sitting on the saucer was another two white pills.
“He’s asleep?”
“Stay with me, for a little while,” Tony said softly. Despite his quiet voice, it came out as more of a statement, as if there was never any question that Steve wouldn’t want to remain with him. “Let me help you. Maybe you can help me?”
“We will destroy each other eventually.”
Later that day Tony collapsed and Maria cried as she held his limp body, ordering Jarvis to call the doctor quick.
“Sorry,” Tony gasped; forcing the word out. It was important that Steve heard him, that Steve knew. So, he said it again. And again. Continuing until the creeping shadows at the edges of his vision swallowed him.
“And, I’ve got to say, I absolutely haven’t missed that holier-than-thou attitude of yours.”
Peter felt his tears reside as he took in this new information. It hadn’t looked like Papa was asleep. He said as much and Daddy nodded understandingly.
The Hydra Supreme‘s eyes went wide, shocked. He tried to take a step forward but his legs faltered and he fell, folding to the ground. Tony stood over the Hydra Surpreme’s body. The dark haired was wide-eyed, his face bloodless. In his hands was a gun, held steady.
Tony was smiling, tongue darting out to lick his lips as he got to feet. “Honestly some people just don’t know when to stop.” He said, his voice light as if he was telling a joke. But it was one that Steve wasn’t privy to and he felt tension coiling up through his muscles  at the idea that someone had broken into Tony’s home.
“Take your t-shirt off.” His mother said as soon as the front door closed. She was watching him, her face was back to pale, marble neutrality, the fading impression of happiness lingering in the glow in her cheeks and the pinch of skin at the corner of her eyes. Her eyes were dark, intent and Tony shivered under their focus, shying away from her attention. “Tesoro, let me see.”
“It’s for your own good. You want to get better don’t you?”
Sam nodded in agreement. There was a tension in the air, the feeling of anticipation that always came before a mission. “We have to stop him before he gives Osborn the register.”
“You’re weak. Injured.” The Hydra Supreme sneered, volleying blows at his shield.
Sharon stumbled away from him, catching the edge of the examining table before she could fall down. Her face red, eyes bloodshot as she coughed. She twisted to look up at him, her eyes bright through the wayward strands of blonde hair. “We brought you back.” She gasped.
He should also have been here with Tony the first time; Steve hadn’t understood how bad Tony’s alcoholic problem was. He had thought of it as a weakness in Tony’s character, a habit like his many sexual liaisons. Steve had dismissed Tony’s illness as a choice. But nothing about this was choice, no one would choose this. Steve felt sick at his own ignorance, his own callousness.
“Oh, that explains it,”
He groaned in disgust as the stinking back alley sharpened into focus around him, flicking away the rotting banana peel that had landed brown and slimy across his stomach. His head was pounding, the pain made worse by the noise of the city pressing in around him – sirens and music and a senseless chatter of voices. And the smell… Steve pressed his palms to his head wearily. He could feel he nanobots in his side moving sluggish, trying to hold him together. The kidnappers had landed a few solid hits to his body and his body was throbbing, aching with fresh bruises. He really hoped that the red-eyed Tony hadn’t been lying about the bots helping him.
He glanced up at Steve, the memory on the tip of his tongue. The inky, poison beneath his skin bubbled warningly and Tony turned away.
JARVIS, always one step ahead, had queued up the film and the familiar brass notes of the main theme filmed the darkening room.
“I don’t understand,” Steve said, voice raising from familiar betrayal. This wasn’t the real Tony he reminded himself, this as Wanda, a spell. He tried to reason with Tony, to bring out the real man.  “You said you were friends. What you’re doing with extremis, with the serum – he’d hate that. You will hurt him.”
“Oh, I’ve got something else for you,” Tony said before Steve could reply. He gestured to the corner of the room. “Go look!”
Before Tony could react, the doctor had gripped his blanket and flipped it away, exposing Tony’s back. Then the doctor pulled apart his paper gown roughly. A humiliated protest burned across Tony’s tongue as the air rushed across his exposed backside. He was shocked, completely caught off guard by the unexpected activity. Tony curled up tighter, imagining the room full of people looking at the exposed, goose-bumped skin, the bony ridges of his spine, his bum. Someone laughed in the background, a muffled exchange of words. Tony’s cheeks burned, tears prickling at his eyes.
“If I have to.”
“I can’t take you to him.” The AI said slowly, “but I can show you.”
Maria gave a short, musical laugh. “Oh Jarvis, when will you stop asking? You know I can’t eat this early. Just a pot of coffee please.”
“Yeah.” Tony made to say something else but stopped himself, the pixels in his face shivering as he snapped his jaw shut.
“I didn’t want to worry you.” Steve tried.
“Just temporary, darling.” He drawled; legs tucked up neatly beneath him. “I’ll be expanding soon. I plan to go back to my Steve: to help him.”
Ever since he had built it, it had been a safe space, a fortress disguised as a workplace. He ordered Jarvis to lock it down as he scrambled inside, curling up into the far corner of the room. Sandwiched between two concrete walls, he let the tremors run their way through him, an earthquake over and under his skin.
“It’s not what you think,” Steve took a step forward, dodging another glass hurtled towards him. “Stop throwing things at me!”
Steve tried to reply, to tell Tony that he wasn’t alone. That Steve felt the same way, but his tongue had stopped working. He was falling again, the pain curling up through his torso. Tony was fading as well, blurring to just a dark shadow.
There was a billboard, stood proudly atop of the building facing them. Giant red letters facing out to the city. At first, Steve thought it was Tony’s logo: ‘STARK Industries’. But on second glance, he realised it was wrong. It didn’t contain Tony’s name. The A,R and K had been removed, replaced by new letters. ‘STANE Industries’.
“You’re not like that, are you Tesoro?”
Suddenly there another storm of sound, ominous footsteps echoing around the marble atrium.
It didn’t matter. Steve wanted to be able to hear if Tony called out for him. Besides, he had always been good at lip reading,
“They’re not going to touch you. I won’t let them.” Steve told him fiercely, “Do you trust me?”
“Children can faint quite easily. A day in bed, keep an eye on his temperature and make sure he drinks plenty of fluids. He should be fine.”
“It’s a lot to take in,” Steve said finally.
“Dude, don’t even think about.” Clint warned, “Coulson will have your guts if you start stealing from evil robot parts.”
“Steve?”
His Daddy kept asking him questions. Questions about school and his friends: had someone been mean to him? Did he want to talk about it?
“I heard you talking while I was in the coma.” Tony hissed over his shoulder. Already there was a bruise forming across his face, his bottom lip was swollen, stained with blood. He shook against the floor, sweating with exertion. “I know what you are, I know everything.”
“Mama. Mama,” he repeated, clutching at her hands, unable to order his mind into words.
“I’m sorry, I do not understand the question.”
“I’m going to save Tony.”
“My daddy used to hit my mommy. He would hit her really bad, sometimes until she couldn’t get up off the floor. She used to cry a lot.” Amy trailed off and Peter watched her sadly as her eyes went wet and red. “She said we couldn’t live with him anymore because he was hurting her and no one should hit anyone else, no matter what.”
The pain in Steve’s side was starting to subside, fading to a familiar, deep ache. He pushed himself upright, blinking in confusion as the room came into view. It was a workshop, or it had been a workshop. Now it seemed part hoarder’s madness, part junkyard. It looked like it had been neglected and Tony never neglected his tech.
“Tell Tony about the wound, he’ll need to fix you up again.”
“Anytime.”
The doctor ignorant of Tony’s thoughts merely smiled at Maria's words, reaching out to cup her gloved hard reassuring. Maria’s eyes glowed, her mouth curling at the edges.
“She was mind controlled.” From behind him, another figure approached. His was voice was weary but familiar. Bucky. Steve turned to face his oldest friend, his expression darkening, frowning at what he saw. The man stood before him sounded like Bucky but he was wearing Steve’s uniform, covered familiar red, white and blue.
“You know when I can’t sleep. I always find that watching a movie helps.” Steve interrupted.
A muscle twitched in Tony’s jaw, eyes moving guilty.  “I made him a forcefield to go around the earth to stop the Chitarui getting in. I didn’t realise, I was locking us in too. If I hadn’t set up the Defence Shield, he wouldn’t have been able to take control. Carol, Quasar - they all would be here and not locked out in space fighting a war they can’t win.”
Steve frowned, shaking his head. “What? No? I’m not benching you. I just thought, well it’s just doombots. We don’t need the whole team. We can handle this without you if you don’t feel well.”
Steve was quiet, taken aback by the coldness, the sharpness of Tony’s remark. Tony seemed to realise that he had been top brusque and he winced, expression softening.
“That’s not the point.” Snapped Tony, he took a step back, away from Steve and into the bedroom, running his hands through his hair. “You know, I thought it was a little weird that you were back early, not that you told me where you were going. And then you were acting strange and you didn’t tell me you were wounded –“
“Come on, baby,” Tony mumbled, squirming as he tried to shrug out of his own shirt. Steve grabbed the offending piece of fabric, ripping it cleanly down the middle and peeling it off Tony. Tony cursed, eyes darkening with arousal. He surged upwards, arms and legs wrapping around Steve, dragging him down.
Steve hesitated, unsure of how to answer. He remembered what the red-eyed Tony had said, that he would be dragged across time. But a pattern was emerging and it all related to Tony. He was being dragged up and down Tony’s life.
Steve turned to find Tony watching him, his expression unreadable.
“Trying a different tactic? You think I’d be fooled by a Captain America suit?” Tony snarled; another glass raised warningly. He was stood on the far side of the room. His legs were shaking, dangerously unsteady but at least he was upright. He was improving fast.
Steve smiled, quick to take the offered easy way out of the awkward moment. “You’re confused? Today, I met you as a seven-year-old.”
Tony folded his arms around himself defensively. “I thought we were trying this thing where we didn’t keep secrets from each other. “
Or at least it felt like he was falling, his stomach was riding high in his rib cage, adrenaline rushing through his system. He tried to throw out his arms out to balance himself only to meet resistance from the tight cuffs around his wrists, his arms locked tight behind his back. Shock waves rattled painfully up his forearms.
“Can’t sleep?”
Steve offered up a small, fading picture. “You were sick like me.”
Half through colouring the Hulk – a great giant mass of green felt tip with a little Bruce-Stick-Man standing in his palm – Peter felt his eyes droop. He looked at his Captain America sheets wearily, running his palm over his Papa’s cartoon face, and decided he wanted the real thing.
The agent stopped abruptly.
Tony settled back into the bed. “You can at least sleep next to me before you run off again.”
“Aww, well this is sweet.”
“Sir has left your clothing next to the bed.”
He rubbed his eyes, the strange split-second dream of Tony calling out him, begging his for help lingering list cobwebs. Steve decided it was a fever dream, probably some sort of twisted expression of his own conscience. He just wasn’t sure if he was imagining Tony calling out for his help because of his experiences with child-Tony or because some part of him could only imagining Tony asking for him if he had no other option. Steve grimaced, dropping his hands from his face.
The doctor focused his attention on Tony once more, twinkling eyes kind and jovial, “How are you feeling now, Champ? Still dizzy?”
“This isn’t right, this isn’t you.” Tony gasped, trying to push himself upright, “It must be a spell, or mind control, or-“
The presenters disappeared, unsteady recorded footage stretching out across the screen. It was a crowd, a twisting mass of bodies, locked together as they struggled. They were shouting at the cameras, desperation written across their faces even as they snarled with anger. The most noticeable thing about them was their appearance. They were impossibly beautiful. Every single one of them was young and lean, capped with full glossy hair and shining teeth. They were like Tony.
“Wake up.” Steve snarled, his voice a thunderous rumble echoing around the room. From the bed, one bright blue eye opened. It met Steve’s gaze, impossibly focused despite the rude awakening.
Tony’s eyes burnt into his; desire was electric blue threads lingering at the edges of his pupils. “You can’t.”
The boy shrugged “America.”
“It would.”
“Anthony, answer Mr. Jarvis,” Maria told him softly. Her eyes peered over the edge of her sunglasses and she took a long drag from her cigarette, releasing the smoke slowly in a small perfect plume.
The armour was waiting for him; its armoured plates peeled open like an orange, the uncoloured silvery insides shinning welcomingly. Tony barely noticed as it curled securely around him, still thrumming with anger. He knew distantly that Steve was probably trying to be sensitive, to be kind but it set Tony’s teeth on edge, made him want to come out swinging.
Tony didn’t answer, he felt exhausted, raw and he let himself close his eyes not wanting to look at the nurse as rolled the bed out of the theatre and down the hall into a small room. There were a few minutes of silence between the nurse leaving and his mother entering. Tony almost felt like he’d had more of the gas, not quite part of the world.
Tony glanced over at him and Steve squeezed gently. There something too intimate, too raw in the gesture; Tony swallowed, his throat feeling narrower, painful. He had the strangest feeling that he might cry suddenly.
Suddenly Papa shot upright with a gasp, his face was red and sweaty like he’d been working out and his eyes were so wide Peter could see the rolling whites of his sclera from the doorway.
The night before his court date he had laid awake in his jail cell. His thoughts a carousel, going around and around the events of their war. Steve had been trying to figure out the moment when things went wrong. Trying to pinpoint when their relationship had become unsalvageable. He wondered when killing Tony had become something he could even consider. The morning had dawned with Steve no closer to any answers and he had trudged, weary and beaten, towards his trial.
Despite Bucky’s harsh words, there was a small amount of surprised, grudging respect in his voice. It was hard not to respect Tony, for his absolute commitment to doing what he thought was right, to not just throwing himself on a live grenade but pulling the trigger in the first place.
Steve’s blush had spread to a full-face glow, he put his face into his hands for a moment, shoulders moving with embarrassed laughter before turning back to Tony. “Anyway! Pancakes?”
Papa snapped around to face the voice, his eyes still wide and unseeing. Daddy took a step backwards but Papa was already leaping to his feet, closing the gap between them faster than Peter had ever seen anyone move and grabbing the smaller man by the shoulder.
Steve felt a surge of rage at the sight, struggling with himself to keep the scream that was threatening to spill off his tongue stifled behind his teeth. He half expected the Hydra Supreme to know somehow that Steve was here watching them. Any minute the other Steve would turn his sneering gaze to the mirror, eyes twinkling in victory. But nothing happened. The Hydra Supreme had his attention focused elsewhere. “Come on Tony, you can’t hide forever.”
“Just once,” Steve repeated and then they were kissing again.
“Tony, what did you do.” Steve breathed.
“Hey, are you OK? You don’t look so good.” Steve was in his space, his voice breaking through the glass bubble of panic that had engulfed Tony. Tony took one gulping, shaking breathe and turned, just in time to see Steve reaching for him. The back of his hand floated up, reaching to press against Tony’s forehead.
Steve stared down at Tony, water dripping from his pale eyelashes and onto the bedspread. He released a huff; the sound a shotgun in the tense silence between them. Steve moved. The back of his hand struck Tony’s face hard, bone-crunching at the force of the blow. Tony cried out, knocked sideways off the bed. He landed in a knot of limbs, clawing weakly at the floor as he tried to drag himself across the floor on withered, useless limbs.
Before Steve could get his bearings, there was a sharp unexpected poke into his gut.
“No!” Peter screeched, “I just want you. Don’t leave me. I just want you.”
“Six.”
A grainy surveillance video of an old man filled the screen. He was walked slowly, a baseball cap pulled low over his ears; his face tucked into his collar. Steve frowned, unable to make out the man’s face. Evidence of fitness lingered in his broad shoulders, in the thickness of his arms. But old age had stolen the steadiness from his limbs and his liver marked hands shook as he reached out to pull his oversized jacket tighter around himself. The man turned, staring directly into the camera.
“This one,” Maria said, pulling Tony into her lap with a wink. Tony folded easily into her embrace, legs curled up beneath him and hands reaching out to help his mother balance the yellow-pages. She shifted him, pressing a faint butterfly kiss into his curls and pointed to a printer name. “What do you think, Tesoro?”
“Always.”
“Come on, Pep. What’s the worst that could happen?” The door swung open suddenly, Tony’s voice tumbling loud and familiar into the room. Steve shot to his feet, grimacing at the stab of pain in his side. Tony was distracted, his back turned to the room as he chattered to Pepper. Steve couldn’t see a phone anywhere but he wasn’t surprised, even in his time Tony was started to grow beyond handheld electronics.
The smell of people’s fear and anger swallowed him as he was led up the steps. Steve looked around searching for Tony, wondering if the other man would be here to savour his victory. No, Tony would be watching this play out from behind a screen. He never did like to get his hands dirty.
“Please stay here.” Tony tied, looking up at Steve beseechingly through dark lashes, “You’ve done more than enough.”
Not this time.
“Oh I drew my Mommy and Daddy holding hands.” She said quietly.
There was just no way he was Hydra. Steve had spent his entire life fighting, struggling against them. And yet he couldn’t deny what he had seen. Couldn’t un-see the cruel, sneer on his own face. A perfect copy of the expression he had seen on the faces of a thousand vicious Hydra agents.
Peter would just have to do it instead.
“Are you dead?” A small voice asked, the morbid query accompanied by another prod.
Tony sneered, “We’ll see.”
The hardest part of his family portrait was JARVIS.
Tony did feel sick, his stomach clenched hungrily and he was too hot, dizzy with heat. He licked his lips and asked for something to drink. Maria smiled sadly down at him, “After the doctor has visited. Ok, Tesoro?”
Steve shook his head. “Another you gave me nanobots, but that didn’t last. It’s started bleeding again.”
Steve’s skin was crawling. He and Tony had never seen eye to eye when it came to Tony’s ‘upgrades’. In Steve’s mind, there were some things that just shouldn’t be messed with. It was dangerous, careless. He wouldn’t put it past Tony to use technology on him, he certainly did it to himself enough. “What did he do to me!”
“It was a long time ago.” Tony tried, an edge of anxiety lingering at the edges of his voice.
“If what you are saying is true. And I’m still not sure I believe you. Then what happens now? How do I get back?”
Steve pulled away sharply. Somehow, he had ended up leaning over Tony, half-pressing the other man down into the sheets. Tony blinked up at him in surprise. He was breathing heavily, his chest rising and falling rapidly beneath his thin t-shirt. He was looking at Steve with hot, wanting eyes.
“A year, give or take.” A third member of the group spoke. Sam Wilson, Falcon. He had his hand resting reassuring on Sharon’s back, caring as always.
“But, what about you?”
The paper towel was back and for a moment they sat in silence until Peter found his voice again. The horrible squirmy feeling in his stomach had settled down a bit and he thought he understood what had happened. His Papa hadn’t meant to hurt his Daddy, it had been an accident. “But you were shouting again.”
The Hydra Supreme had come alone, a solitary figure in black. He was an intimidating figure as he stepped into the atrium; his footsteps were cat-like, barely making a whisper. Steve’s eyes were trained on him, muscles tensing in preparation. The Hydra Supreme grinned; a fearsome red skull stretched out across his torso proudly. In the far corner of the atrium, Tony had disappeared and Steve felt something relax in his chest slightly.
He was getting Tony out of here now and there was no way he going to be able to do that dressed as that monster.
A week after the appointment, Tony was laid down face first, naked apart from his underwear. He shivered, bones rippling beneath thin skin as the doctor fussed around him, a cold pen marking little sections on his skin.
Steve nodded in relief. The fewer people who saw him the better. “Yeah, that sounds perfect.”
“You miss him,” Steve said. They were sat close, facing each other from opposite ends of the couch. In the background, the TV was playing music, something orchestral, soothing. The lights around them were dim, soft. The sleek, white room felt almost cosy, inviting.
A few months ago, Howard had caught Tony playing around in his workshop, copying his father's plans for a circuit board. Tony knew he shouldn’t have been anywhere near his father’s workshop. The only other time Tony had tried to enter the workshop Howard had thrashed Tony; bending him over the worn leather arm of his desk chair and whipping his bare backside with the hardened sole of his shoe until Tony was crying, begging him to stop. Sometimes Tony thought maybe he had dreamed the incident, that the lingering pain in his thighs and buttocks were the cobweb remnants of a bad dream. Even if it had just been a dream, it had been enough to keep Tony away. At least for a while.
As Steve ate and dozed on a lumpy cot in the corner of the room, Tony was a blur of activity near his mismatched comms station, sifting through data, running through orders. He was untiring, still in the same position when Steve woke up as he had been when he went to sleep.
“He’s a fugitive, a criminal now Steve.” Sam started. “After you died, he just… broke. He ran S.H.I.E.L.D. into the ground.  It was replaced by H.A.M.M.E.R. but Tony wouldn’t work with Osborn. They say he released some sort of virus into their system. Osborn had an arrest warrant out on him for treason.”
“I don’t believe that. I don’t want to believe.” Steve told him, his fingers flexing into desperate fists. “I believe I can make up for my mistakes and so can you.”
Peter stumbled away from door, almost falling over his pyjama trousers in his haste to get away. He shoved his fist into his mouth to stop the scream that had caught in the back of his throat from coming out. His papa had hit his Daddy, he’s Daddy had been crying and on the floor. It was just like Amy had said. A sob escaped him before he could stop it and he glanced over his shoulder sharply, expecting his Papa to be there.
Outside San Francisco was a faraway stack of lights and sound, its dark shadow cast across the churning sea.  From Tony’s haven the city looked calm, a slumbering giant. Steve wondered what it would like close up. He pressed his hand against the glass window, suddenly weary. Tony had been strange from the moment Steve had woken up, colder, crueller, cruder. But he had also protected Steve, healed him from a near death experience. Tony had their picture from when they were younger. He had even confessed that he wanted Steve to be by his side. Steve had been so grateful, so willing to ignore the warning signs as long as Tony still wanted him, still valued him. As long as Steve could believe that there was a future in which they could become friends again.
“Just getting warmed up.”
“Tell me about it.” Bucky mumbled, rolling his eyes, “The guy fights us all to set up the SHRA and then destroys all copies of it.”
“Sorry for the mess.” Iron Man said, a gauntlet hand rubbing the back of his neck sheepishly. “I really wasn’t expecting company. I mean, I hoped, but I didn’t think it would work.”
Steve pressed the button as instructed, and they both breathed a sigh of relief as his captain America uniform reappeared.
“Is that what this is about it? You’re angry at me because I said you didn’t have to come out today.”
Steve remembered this; he remembered when Tony had lost his company to Obadiah. He knew it had been partly because of Tony’s alcohol problem, but Tony had fixed things. He had stopped drinking and got his company back. Steve’s looked over at Tony, repulsed by the man’s shaking hands and protruding bones. He didn’t remember things being this bad, he didn’t remember Tony losing his home or begging for money on the streets. He didn’t remember Tony’s rock bottom being this low.
“You are not a captive, Commander. You are free to leave this room at any time.”
Tony sniffed, held still as the doctor made a series of sharp little scratches across the bare skin of his back. It was a small pain, nowhere near as bad as his cramping, upset stomach or the burning in his throat after he threw up but it was also worse somehow, the pain in his back and his mother’s hands holding him down. His chest hurt, locked up tight with a feeling he couldn’t identify. Tears pooled at the corners of his eyes, falling to the floor beneath the examination table.
Tony could feel his mother’s eyes on him and he smiled up at Jarvis. “I want some coffee, I want to be like Mama.”
Maria smiled, glowing and perfect as any Hollywood movie star. “I can’t wait.”
“Bringing you here.”
“Oh yeah.” Tony nodded violently. “He’s the best superhero ever.” Tony peered at Steve’s discreetly from beneath his lashes. “You know, you look a bit like Captain America. But your suit is wrong.”
The boy took a step back. Panic flared across his face and he raised his stick wobblily. “How did you know my name. Are you with them?”
Steve was never one to turn away from a fight and it felt wrong to wait here, safe while Tony was fighting. Steve paced the room uneasily. He told himself to trust Tony. If the man said he was fine, Steve should believe him. Trust was the foundation of friendship, he reminded himself. And yet Steve couldn’t shake his feeling of unease.
He cracked his neck, a strange memory flashed behind his closed eyelids, of Tony pressed into the space beneath his arm, cheek resting on Steve’s chest. Steve frowned; they had never done that. Steve would have remembered that right. He blinked, telling himself he would figure that and everything else out later. That none of that mattered right now.
“I didn’t… I didn’t like it.” Steve gasped, riding another wave of pain.
Tony nodded, unable to speak.
Tony looked over at the noise, doing a double take, his eyes widening as they landed on the bullet wound, the spiderwebbing dark lines spreading across Steve’s torso.
“You’re telling me now,” Steve said, his voice was hoarse, the words felt like they were ripped directly from deep inside him.
“He looks younger, don’t those rich people feed their kids?”
“It’s ok if your daddies do, because they live together” Amy said informatively, peering at his paper, “But my parents don’t live together anymore. They got a Divorce. So they can’t hold hands anymore.”
“Tony…”
Tony nodded slowly, mind whirling behind his eyes. “It’s not healing.”
“Tony.” Steve’s hand came down slowly, heavy and hot on his bare shoulder. “It’s OK.”
Tony’s sudden entrance allowed him to knock out two bots before they noticed him. He spun out and up as they turned around to face him; their red eyes glinting in their metallic faces. They were a more skeleton-like version of a doombot than Tony was used to. Oversized skulls with sharpened limbs; luckily there was only a dozen. Doom must be test driving a new prototype.
“Fucking Stark,” Bucky growled, he slammed his metal fist onto the table next him, leaving behind a fist-sized indent. “Always choosing the worst option.”
Peter gnawed at his bottom lip thoughtfully, he wasn’t sure JARVIS even had a colour. Maybe he should just draw a red dot like the sensors in the walls, but that didn’t feel right either. In the hopes of inspiration, Peter upended a carton of crayons, fanning them out across his paper to fully assess their different merits.
Steve had been staring at the empty door but turned just in time to see Tony swing himself off the end of the bed and stand up.
Something out the corner of Steve’s eye snagged at his attention. A flash of movement out of place in the sluggish writhing of the crowd. He glanced up. Across the road, a glimmer of red sparked in an open window. A rifle’s laser.
“But this isn’t my suit. I don’t wear anything like this. And why do you keep calling me Commander!”
Tony shuddered, body spasming as if he was going to throw up again. He turned away from Steve sharply, leaning against the wall. After a few minutes, the violent shivers passed and Tony slumped, panting with exhaustion.
“That wasn’t too bad was it?” The nurse said finally, a smile pulling awkwardly at her face. “Let’s get you back to your mother. I’m sure she is worried about you.”
Steve landed in a dumpster.
“ – well I couldn’t see anything.” The doctor was saying. He stood up and walked away from Tony. There was a mumble of responses from the other nurses, fading as they washed up.
Steve blinked, silent.
Tony grimaced awkwardly “I’m OK.”
“And the cosmic cube is what made your Steve think he was Hydra?”
“I’m not sick!” Tony retorted. Out of his peripheral vision, he could see Bruce and Natasha exchanging looks, Clint slowly sliding out of his seat, flexing one knee back and forth and then the other. They were moving to stop him, to keep him here. Tony jerked to the right, pushing past them. He needed to go, to leave right now.
Steve wanted to touch him, to hold him. At least to rest a hand on his shoulder. How lonely it must be to never feel another person’s skin. And Tony has always been so tactile; he had always been the first one to rest his hand on Steve’s shoulder, to throw his arm around the others Avengers.  Steve curled his fingers uptight, stopping himself for reaching out. “It wasn’t your fault. And now I’m here and we’re going to stop him. Together.”
“Peter I’m not going anywhere. I’ve got you, I’ll look after you.”
Tony’s face twitched, a minuscule movement. When he finally replied, his words were carefully, delicately chosen. “I don’t think Steve would hurt him. Tony is probably as safe as anyone could be.”
His mother had reminded him before they had arrived that the doctor needed to understand that he was sick, but Tony was bored, restless. He sighed, fighting against the urge to swing his legs back and forth knowing that it wasn’t what sick people did. He looked down at his knees instead, pressing his thumb into the joint. His legs were pale branches, knees swollen and straining through thin skin and his thumb left a white mark that lingered like a stain, fading as blood sluggishly crept back through his flesh.
Steve should have noticed the sniper earlier. He should have known something was off. But his thoughts were scattered, pulled apart by an unfamiliar sense of self-doubt which had tormented him since his arrest. Unlike Tony’s utilitarianism, Steve had always let him sense of duty, of right and wrong dictate his actions. And usually he had found it easy to figure out what was right. Steve had been so certain that he doing the right thing, self-assured despite the price. But in the settling dust of SHRA, of the civil war, Steve found himself standing in the ruins of his life and wondering if it was all worth it.
Steve went quiet, tracking the man’s familiar features. He had thought he must have dreamed what he had seen before. Imagined it. But the Tony before him was different, flawless.
“I haven’t heard that in a while,” Steve said with a smile. He had learnt that his and Tony’s relationship at any given moment could be understood in the way they addressed each other; a thousand complicated, fluctuating feelings contained within a single word. Winghead was a good sign.
“Tony,” Steve asked slowly, “I jumped to a time where we were together, romantically. When – when does it happen?” Steve wondered if Tony could hear the longing, the impatience in his voice.
Tony shook his head, brushing off his wild imagination and threw his legs over the side of the bed, knees cracking at the movement. It was breakfast time. The rest of the Avengers would be eating and gossiping in the kitchen and Tony forced himself to go find them, to be with people so he would have to pretend that he didn’t have the urge to claw off his own skin.
Peter pulled at a loose curl thoughtfully. “Do you promise you’ll never do it again?”
Without a word he threw himself to his feet and grabbed his assailant. He twisted her around, his forearm to her throat, locking her in place as he panted. He used the momentary respite to look around. He was in a laboratory but it wasn’t like Tony’s workshop. It was stranger, smaller than what he was used. Even as he compared, the memory of Tony’s workshop was fading, a dream disappearing with consciousness.
In the darkness, Tony’s electric blue eyes shone like beacons, watching him fall away. His voice followed Steve, faint snatches of one final statement.
Tony nodded again, smiling when Jarvis looked at him uncertainly.
“Would also explain why Osborn is pouring so much money and resource into finding one man,” Sam added. “But where would Stark hide the Register?”
This was a pretty good suggestion, but Peter was more interested in what Amy had done wrong to merit a new piece of paper. In the whole year Peter had sat next to her, he didn’t remember a single time the teachers had told her off for anything.
There were two photos, framed in narrow silver. The first picture he had seen before held longingly in the hands of the red-eyed Tony – the picture of him and Tony from their early Avengers days, laughing into the camera.  The next picture was new, Steve hadn’t taken this picture yet. It was Steve and Tony again, taken at night with the faint sparkling shimmer of fireworks flashing behind them. Steve had his arm around Tony’s waist, holding him close and Tony had his hand cupping Steve’s cheek, holding him steady as they leaned in closer to kiss.
The hairs on Steve’s arm stood on end, quivering warningly. Steve took a step back, or at least he tried. His knees crumpled beneath him and he fell hard onto the ground. This time he couldn’t stop himself landing on his face and he lay there, struggling to move, panting with exertion. He could hear soft, padding footsteps coming towards him, impossibly light considering that Tony was wearing the armour.
The AI smiled grimly at him, “You need to get dressed.”
Steve remained silent; he ran his fingers across his forehead, trying to work out the knot of pain that had started behind his eyes. From between his fingers, he could see his friends exchanging discreet, concerned looks. Steve ignored them; there was something he was forgetting, a thought just out of reach. What they saying felt slightly wrong but he couldn’t remember why.
“Right.”
Jarvis nodded stiffly, “Very well. Shall I bring master Anthony something to drink instead?”
The doors to the workshop open with a hiss of air, sunlight a faint distant speck of light.
“That’s not true.” Steve snapped back.
“I know. I forgive you. Peter forgives you. It’s time to forgive yourself.”
“Yeah,” Tony pulled a face, “For the record, I preferred it when you running backend. At least then I always knew where you were.”
“Fine, fine.” Tony waved a hand at him and shimmied into a pair of loose trousers. He didn’t bother to put a top on but Steve didn’t dare press his luck. “You know, I forgot how much of a prude you could be.”
“Think of the bullet as a hook. You’re a fish on the line, being dragged around.”
Tony nodded easily. “Yes, mama. Sounds like a good one.”
“But-”
As soon as the boy said his name, it was obvious. His dark hair, blue eyes and full mouth were nearly as familiar to Steve as his own face. Fierce intelligence illuminated the boy’s narrow face and Steve recognised the way emotions flashed across his features; a thousand micro expressions moving at the speed of light.
The car was seconds away, close enough that Steve could the snap of guns being cocked. “Tony, you need to go. Go now!”
Steve pulled away, recoiling as if he’d been struck. It had made him sick to see himself as Hydra, to hear how easy it had been for him to became evil. But he had drawn a line between them: this evil version of Steve was something entirely alien, different to himself. Knowing that other Steve could share his feelings for Tony was horrifying, disgusting.
Maria laughed, throwing back her head in delight. The watery dawn light caught the highlights in her dark hair making her sparkle. “Two cups, Jarvis.”
He nodded his head at her and waved at Tony before he was gone, stepping out of the room with sure, happy footsteps.
There was a flutter of movement at the corner of the room, drawing Steve’s attention abruptly. Someone else was in the room with Tony.
His mother’s musical voice brought Tony back to reality and he opened to his eyes as she swept him into the room.
The picture got put on the fridge so everyone could see it, right next Papa’s favourite fan letters and a photograph of his parents from when they were younger. They were kissing each other, hands curled up around their partners' cheeks and their hair illuminated gold by the fireworks exploding behind them. Peter had always liked that photograph: it made him feel all warm and lit up inside.
“Done.” The doctor said abruptly and the worming tube started to move backward. It was a different sensation, a sharper tugging feeling that was offset with relief as it exited his bowels. The final few inches of the tube were removed roughly, harsh enough to make Tony choke at the brief stinging pain. The sudden emptiness left Tony feeling like a deflated balloon and he let himself go boneless, limp against the bed.
The kid was wiggling, squirming on his shoulders. He slipped and Steve grabbed him quickly before he fell, holding boy protectively against his chest. Steve turned towards the direction of the sound. Storming towards them was a sleek black car, engine screaming like a siren. From the passenger window, a man appeared, stretching until his torso and right arm were visible. He leaned out towards them, a rifle balanced in his hand.
“You don’t deserve it,” Steve said flatly.
“His blood tests came back clean but his weight loss is very concerning.” Doctor Carter was saying, “Are you sure he is eating fine?”
Tony nodded.
Tony didn’t look convinced.
The world started to blur between his fingers; Steve’s heart shot up into his throat as if he had fallen suddenly. Realising what was about to happen, he sighed in relief and let himself go limp against the burning tarmac.
Steve grimaced, “I’m going to stop them”
Steve let the voices faded away into mindless chatter in the background, his attention instead fixated on the small bright banner at the corner of the screen: 16/04/2015. He shook his head, “You could be altering the feed.”
Tony nodded again.
Amy beamed back at him.
Tony undressed, feeling himself fade away as she examined him. Her heels tapped against the floor, her breath fast, excited on his skin as she leant in closer.
Steve raised his hands in surrender at the boy’s surge of anxiety. “Whoo, hey. I’m not with anyone.”
Somewhere nearby he could hear Tony calling his name. Maybe he had come after all.
“Tell me what you’re thinking baby.” Daddy cajoled as Peter struggled to find the right words.
“But who will look after you?” Steve asked softly and before he could help himself, he was back to holding Tony’s face, his fingers tangling into Tony’s unkempt wild curls. Tony leaned into his hands once again, body going soft, limp at his touch.
“He’s always hungry but he complains that it hurts, I can’t get him to finish anything.”
He leaned back. And Steve understood.
“Please Jonathan.” She rested a small hand on the doctor’s arm, fingers on the slither of skin peaking past his sleeve cuff. “I really think this could work. A mother just knows sometimes.”
“Yeah, yeah… if you want.” Steve said carefully, “Can I stay here with you for a little bit. I brought your drink.”
He shot to his feet, nearly careering into a wall. He threw out his hands, catching himself at the last moment. Pain shot through him, ripping down and through his torso at the impact. Steve groaned, sweat breaking out across his skin as he struggled not to collapse, to give into the pain. He reached down gingerly to his skin, his fingers coming back wet.
“There was a battle, there’s always a battle. He won but not before they deactivated the serum. Without it, he rapidly aged. He’s still fighting, you know. Backend coordination. A Commander now.”
Like a rocket, Steve threw himself sideways. His fist caught the passenger straight in the face, cold-cocking him. The man was unconscious before he had time to scream, tumbling limply to the floor. Pain flared up across Steve’s torso at the suddenness of the movement, tearing through his torso. He stumbled in shock, only just managing to dodge a fist aimed at his back.
Maria hummed and slowly pressed the edge of her nail into centre of the hive. The movement was the same as what she did to the blistered on her fingers from her cigarettes. Maria always laughed when she popped her blistered but Tony didn’t know why because it wasn’t funny at all. He whimpered as the pressure increased. Her nail cut into his skin, pain spiderwebbing across his back.
Heat flared in Steve’s gut at the thought. His hips stuttered, rocking hard into Tony. “So, come then,” Steve ordered and beneath him Tony gave a hoarse, bitten off cry, his back arching. Seeing Tony’s release was enough to send Steve over the edge; he groaned, eyes fluttering shut as his orgasm ripped through him. His abdomen clenched, spasming hard.
“That’s your ride,” Tony told him. “Time to go.”
Steve frowned, mind whirling. His wound pulsed, nanobots knitting him together, healing. Or so he thought. He reached down the monster under his skin spiking. Steve inhaled sharply, glaring up at Tony.  “What are you doing to me? You said you were helping me.”
“No,” Steve said slowly. A memory slipped like mist through his straining mind; an itch just out of reach. He grimaced, a flash of certainty coming to him. “Tony wouldn’t destroy the Register.”
When Tony had been very young, he had been barred from his father’s study and most other places his father frequented. His father saw no use for a baby or a toddler and had made sure Tony was neither seen nor heard. Tony’s world had been his mother and Jarvis. He had been squirreled away upstairs and transported through the back corridors of the house. He had learnt early it was best to keep away from his father, to be a shadow in his own home.
Tony was pressing in closer, his lips opened slightly, flushed with blood. His eyes were half-lidded; his perfect skin glowing. He was golden, impossibly beautiful. His entire attention focused, like a sunbeam on Steve. Steve inhaled quietly, something stirring dark and unacknowledged in his gut. He swallowed thickly, nodding. “OK.”
Once the panic, the adrenaline had drained away Tony was left with just the embarrassment; the humiliation at having been seen like before the Avengers. He was already the only base-line human on the team, he didn’t need to give anyone any more reasons to believe he was weak.
“I didn’t realise there were so many people fighting for you,” Steve said softly.
“I did.” Steve protested. “I do.”
Steve’s narrowed eyes didn’t waver from Tony as Clint crept away awkwardly. “You ignored my call.”
Peter clung tighter onto his Daddy. Soon his Daddy would leave his Papa. That’s what happened to Amy’s mommy and Daddy. He didn’t want to leave his Papa but he didn’t want to see his Daddy being hurt again. His thumb crept up to his mouth and he sucked at it worriedly, he didn’t know what to do, or how to make it better.
Steve called his name and Tony waved at him over his shoulder. “I’m going to put the suit on. I’ll meet you there.” He snapped over his shoulder and darted downstairs to get his armour. Steve’s voice trailed after him, confused and frustrated.
He shot between the two men and pushed at Papa’s thick thighs angrily. “Don’t hit Daddy again!”
“Right, yes,” Steve said awkwardly. He gingerly got back into the bed, trying not to flinch as Tony settled back against him.
In its place was a red skull, tentacles curling down. The symbol of Hydra.
“No, for this one, you need a real boy,” Tony said, his voice sharp. Steve winced; it was cruel to have created such a human A.I.; torture for a being who hated what they were. Steve felt bad for ever thinking that the Tony A.I. had been a machine, being a machine would have been a mercy.
“-inhuman!”
No one had bothered to explain to Tony what was about to happen. The doctors and nurses had just talked to his mother, and Maria hadn’t given Tony any information beyond instructions to be good and do as he was told. Tony had figured out it was best not to ask too many questions of his mother, that sometimes it made her mad or sad. Besides he had seen loads of doctors and paediatricians – the commonality of it had made him feel numb, uninterested in their prodding and poking, and weighing. He hadn’t even thought of asking her what they were doing today, thinking it would be more of the same.
“Fuck,” Steve hissed. He couldn’t believe how hard he was, closer than he’d thought possible considering all they had barely started. He had never felt this out of control with anyone else.
Steve had felt Tony’s absence like the loss of a limb; he caught himself reaching for a man who wasn’t there, talking to empty air. Every moment he was reminded of Tony’s loss was like being sucker-punched in the gut, it was like being betrayed all over again. Steve had never felt grief; rage like it.
That night, everyone in the manor must have heard his parents arguing. Maria’s voice was a high-pitched wail, accusatory and desperate and Howard had been mocking, disgusted by her. Tony had rarely seen his parents interact outside of public events; they were like planets, orbiting the same space but never meeting. However, it wasn’t until that night he’d understood the depths of their loathing. Tony thought he would throw up listening to them, flinching each time his name echoed up through the floorboard. Tony had wiggled down into the centre of his bed, the weight of the duvet surrounding him, muffling the sounds coming from downstairs. It didn’t make much difference; he still knew what they were arguing about. They had found another battlefield.
Steve shifted, the noise a whisper in the darkness. The movement was too far away, too quiet for Tony to hear him, and yet he did. Tony twisted; the move strangely serpentine. His hand dropped, the photograph disappearing into the folds of his jacket. His expression was neutral, impossible to read by the time his gaze found Steve.
Tony smirked, his teeth gleaming and sharp. “Darling, you got hit by that bullet seven years ago.”
“Just…I know most of this is my fault. That I kept things from you; secrets that nearly broke us. I know San Francisco is still fresh, even if we don’t talk about it.” Tony made a sound of frustration, pausing in his pacing to turning to face Steve. “But I’m trying, really trying here Steve. I thought you were too.”
Steve dropped Tony abruptly, watching as the man crumpled like paper to the floor. Tony bit back a cry, his face turned towards the floor, away from the monster watching him.
“It doesn’t heal because it wasn’t a bullet that hit you. At least not a normal bullet.”
Tony snorted, ignorant to Steve’s tortured internal monologue.  “He can’t. He doesn’t feel the way I feel.” Tony said a strange watery smile flitted over his face: embarrassed, longing.
He squirmed uncomfortably in the metal chair, stomach clenching and unclenching. They were sat outside on the lawn. It was bright, sunlight spilling across the grass in watery golden mist but the night-time chill hadn’t receded yet and Tony shivered in his chair. His mother had taken him straight from his bed and he was still in his thin pyjamas and bare feet. His toes ached from the cold and he looked down to see they were white, curling up and bloodless.
The white-haired man rested one of his big hands on Maria’s shoulder, his voice for the first time coming sharp, firm. “My medical opinion is that he is fine and you need to stop worrying.”
“You’re the one whose been moving me through time?” Steve asked, his voice hard. He suddenly remembered the dreams, the strange flashes he had experienced between each time jump. Tony’s voice calling out to him, asking for his help. Steve had thought it was his own twisted psyche, unconscious desires or guilt embodied in Tony. He hadn’t thought that Tony might have been behind this, that Tony might have done this to him. After the future he had just come from, Steve couldn’t bear the thought of battling Tony again.
“OK, Anthony. Let’s have a look at you.” The doctor looked into his ears and throat, humming soothingly as Tony placidly endured the examination. Finally, he produced a thermometer from his stiff leather bag, waving it gently. Tony opened his mouth knowingly. His mother took his temperature often and he was used to holding the thin glass tube under his tongue and waiting.
“I know.” Steve told him, “But if you sit on my shoulders, you can be the lookout and we will see if the bad men are coming.”
“Come on, Em.” The man said, taking her by the elbow and guiding her to the door.
Steve waited, prowling like a lion in a cage. He counted the seconds in his head, imagining how long it would take for the Hydra Supreme to walk down the corridor and out of sight.
“A year,” Steve repeated. That felt wrong, he couldn’t have been gone for a year.
“I really hate fighting with you,” Tony whispered, his arms slipping to hold Steve tight.
Tony pulled his t-shirt back down but didn’t get up off the examination table. His mother and the doctor were absorbed in their quick-fire conversation, his mother prompting the doctor when he started to trail off into silence. Tony was tired and happy to stay lying on the table. He was always tired lately.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony stared up at his mother. Her teeth were bright, pearl white and his eyes were prickling, a sudden unexpected threat of tears that he didn’t understand.
“Increasing reports of suicides indicate that many cannot afford extremis, nor can they bear to live without it.”
“Good morning, Commander Rogers. It is 7:00 am on the 16th of March. The weather is slightly overcast and the temperature is 17 degrees Fahrenheit.”
Peter glanced down at his own picture. The fan of crayons had left a curve of colourful streaks and lines around his stick figure family, framing them like a rainbow. They were all definitely holding hands.
“Breathe,” The nurse ordered and Tony blinked in confusion, sweat dripping into his eyes. The tube inside him twisted, a sharp knife of pain breaking through the pressurized, dizzying ache and he yelped like a dog.
Steve was still fighting, still straining against the time jump as he landed.
Sharon and Sam glanced at each other again uneasily.
Tony was glad he was so tired otherwise he was sure he would have screamed like a little girl as Steve’s hand landed on his shoulder. Instead, he jumped slightly, an unbidden shocked noise catching in his throat, scrapping his oesophagus raw as he forcibly swallowed it down. Steve watched him carefully, waiting for Tony’s response as the silence lingered between them.
Tony smirked, a snake-smile. “Oh, will you? How will you be doing that? Are you going to beat me into submission again Steve?”
“Asked him? Hmm, you know I haven’t tried that, I’ve just been staring at him and hoping my powers of telepathy will kick in soon.”
Tony hummed in agreement; out the corner of his eye, he could see Steve striding towards them, towards Tony. Even from a distance away, Tony recognised the hard, flat set of his mouth. Ignoring the instinctive urge to fly off and away, Tony turned away as Steve’s approached. He came to a stop next to Clint and let the armour peel away from him, stepping down onto the tarmac.
Steve growled; his heart was racing, blood pounding in his ears. He swung them around, dropping Tony down onto the cot he had woken up on. Tony yelped in surprise; eyes widening with shock. Before he could say anything, Steve was on top of him, parting Tony’s thighs so he could press his hips down hard into the dark-haired man. They both groaned at the sensation, Tony’s fingers scrambling, clawing against his bare shoulders.
Steve took his hands off the screen, skin crawling with repulsion. “Impossible.” He said, his voice echoing breathlessly in the huge lab.
Maria blushed, waving his compliment away. “It’s what any mother would do.”
“Tony, I mean it.” Steve reached out, holding Tony hand to draw his attention. “I could help. I could stay and help you.”
Tony made a small noise, eyes shifting with embarrassment. “Well, since the first time we met seems a little unlikely. I mean you were no pretty picture then you know, paranoid and angry. I think you were even slightly blue - ” He trailed off, licking his lips and turned to meet Steve’s gaze steadily. “Yeah, I’ve always loved you.”
Tony forced himself upright, the spike and drop of adrenaline had left his muscles weak and shaky and he edged gingerly across the room, limbs aching and unsteady. He was bone tired, exhaustion heavy in every cell of his body. Pain throbbed behind eyes that were suddenly sensitive to the artificial lights.
Tony smiled. He and Steve had been dancing around each other for a long time, sparks between them waxing and waning as if in time with the movement of some unknown cosmic force. There had always been tension between them, sometimes Tony thought they would tear each other apart they clashed so much. But lately, things had been different, softer. It felt inevitable the way things were changing as if they were slowly falling into each other.
Tony was gone.
Steve could feel his thoughts fraying, pulled apart by pain. He forced himself forward, each step a mammoth task. He altered his trajectory, aiming for where Tony had landed. Maybe, if he hadn’t been dizzy with pain, Steve would have hesitated; he would have remembered that they weren’t friends anymore, that they had destroyed their friendship. Tony had put him in jail and Steve had put Tony in hospital. But the pain made his mind slow and his body acted on autopilot. He turned a corner, stepping clumsily onto a boulevard.
The three other men crowded in on him. For a while Steve held his own, teeth gritted against the pain in his side as he spun between the three men. They cursed under the strength of his blows, learning quickly that they needed to work together to match him. One of the hired muscles had a knife; he twirled it expertly, the serrated edge slashing through Steve’s forearm painfully. Steve hissed and he grabbed the man, wrestling the knife away. He was slow, sluggish with pain and he left his side exposed. Pain erupted down his torso as a punch landed dead centre on his bullet wound. Steve cried out, knees buckling.
“I said fuck off.” The other man snarled in reply, he forced his way forward, knocking the beggar off his feet. “Fucking drunks and druggies.” The man hissed disappearing back into the street.
Tony shook his head.
“Tony –“
“Steve?” the boy asked softly, tugging at his hair.
Tony hid like a wounded animal to his lab.
“I did. I knew what I was doing.” Steve interrupted sharply. His pressed the flats of his hands against his eyes, rubbing the image away desperately. “We were fighting on opposite sides of the war but I still hurt him, I still dream about what I did.”
He made himself step further into the room.
Peter stretched his arms out, all but throwing himself at his Papa. Big strong arms caught him and gently repositioned him against him chest. “It’s alright. I know now it was an accident.” He told his Papa, wiping away the tears that were still falling. “When it’s an accident, we just have to say sorry and make sure we don’t do it again.”
Steve sighed, “I just want to help you. This isn’t you.” The words rang true as he spoke them. He hated seeing this pitiful version of Tony almost as much as he had hated the maniac who had replaced his friend in the future. Neither were Tony, they were insults to the man he knew. “The Tony Stark I know is a hero, a role model.”
“Good morning, Mam. Shall I bring breakfast out here for you both?” Jarvis asked. He always stood with his elbow bent at 90 degrees, arm held out horizontally in front of his chest. Tony thought it was a very awkward way of standing.
The Hydra Supreme smirked, “And you don’t belong here.”
Tony was still lost in his head as his mother floated towards him. She tapped him on his arm and urged him to sit up straight, exactly as she always did when they were at home. Tony swallowed compulsively as he let himself be manoeuvred to her satisfaction, feeling distant to the warning tutting she let loose. His mother’s hand went to his shoulder. Her nails were sharp, even though the material of gloves, pinning him in place.
Maria was still smiling, calm and content as she walked the doctor to the door. “Thank you so much. It’s so nice to have a doctor who knows what they are doing.”
Not knowing, what else to do. Steve opened up the first aid kit. There was a SHIELD engineered clotting agent for operatives in the field. It would do in a pinch. Steve poured the agent onto his wound with a wince.  It seeped out like foam, sealing the bullet wound under a hardened white cap. Over the top, Steve placed a thick gauze pad, strapping into across his torso. He sighed in relief and leaned over the little sink, his fingers leaving pink marks on the porcelain. It would hold. For now.
‘T.O.N.Y?’ Tony mumbled through his fingers. The way Tony said his name made Steve imagine it an acronym. Steve nodded, releasing Tony’s mouth. A quirked smile lingered on Tony’s face, his eyes curious, full of ideas despite the situation. “How was he?”
“Tony.” He said.
“It will make me look like Hydra.” Steve guessed; his voice flat, unhappy.
He propelled them both towards the room’s back wall, slamming Daddy against the wallpaper hard enough to make the dark haired man gasp. Peter whined nervously, his thumb coming up his mouth.
The cigarette was an almost permanent accessory, but she rarely inhaled instead holding it delicately between her fore and middle finger until it burnt down past the filter. Sometimes when it was just the two of them, she would hold up her hands and spread out her fingers for him, grinning mischievously like she about to perform a magic trick. Tony would get flashes of small, unhealed burn marks hidden on the inside of her knuckles; little bubbling blisters that she would press the flat edge of her fake nails into until they popped and liquid spilled down into her palms. It felt like a secret shared just with him.
Then she would give him his pills, ibuprofen, naproxen. An assortment of painkillers and anti-inflammatories. Tony knew the names of drugs, learnt to recognise how sick he was by which one she reached for first. Sometimes he took just one and other times there was a train of them, a little army of pill soldiers that Tony would line up and then swallow, sipping from his mother’s coffee to help them go down. He imagined himself a monster, swallowing the marching army one man at a time. Nothing worked, his stomach problems got worse and he grew as slender as a willow branch, baby fat stripped from his bones until his joints were swollen, protruding from his limbs.
“I’m grateful for the first aid, but I’m really getting sick of people stripping me while I sleep.” He mumbled, throwing his legs over the side of the cot. They were in a workshop, a shinier, more polished version of the one that at A.I. had created. It gave him a strange sense of déjà vu, seeing a similar layout, the close but not quite the same placement of electronics and tools.
“Oh, well…”
Steve touched his wound gingerly. It was hurting less, the throbbing fire in his side, cooling down to a fever instead of something that was on the edge of consuming. He supposed it made sense, a wound less aggravated now that he was being summoned. It still wasn’t healing though, still energy sapping and bleeding sluggishly. It might have slowed down but it would still kill him eventually.
Steve was thumbing gently through a pile of photographs, smiling a strange fond, hurt smile. He hovered over one photo, thumb tracing the image and when he placed it down, Tony saw a familiar flash of Peggy’s serious, sharp-edged smile.
“Oh, I’m sorry, I didn’t realise stopping doombots was considered a tantrum now.” Tony snarled back.
Steve’s jaw twitched. He knew vaguely of Tony’s sometimes fraught relationship with his father. The effects of Howard’s parenting had been felt long after the man died but at least an adult Tony was able to approach his childhood with distance. Hearing this child believe that he was lesser because of the words of his father was hard, it made Steve want to find Howard and have some strong words with the man.
“You sure about this?” Steve asked, “You don’t have to.”
Tony had learnt to predicate when Doctor Everrette was coming based on what his mother was wearing. On her bad days, as Jarvis called them, she stayed in bed, wailing like a ghost from her bedroom and emerging with greasy hair and dark circles pressed like bruises under her eyes. Other days she was immaculate. A glossy magazine image brought to life in her chic fitted trousers and her pointed white pumps. Those were the days the doctor came - when she was looking especially beautiful.
“Baby, you look so pale,” Maria said, running her hands through Tony’s hair, her face pinched with worry.
There was a beep as the call disconnected. For a long g moment Steve and Tony stood unmoving, the room between them a chasm of space. Then Tony started to smile; it was a surprised, wonderous expression, lighting up his features. His eyes crinkled in happiness, teeth flashing. He walked towards Steve, and, with an easy familiarity, curled his hands around Steve’s face. Tony’s fingers were hot as they cupped Steve’s cheeks, gentle as they pulled him closer.
“Tony, what is going on. Where, when am I?”
“Osborn,” Steve repeated the name like a lightning rod. His mind itched. A memory of Tony, grinning up at Steve through his lashes, eyes dancing mischievously flashed through his mind. Steve shook his head, “Where’s Tony?”
The A.I. had pinpointed the corridor when he suspected Tony was being held - a long, deserted basement corridor with no windows or through- traffic. Steve found himself hurrying, opening and closing doors quickly, half expecting someone to find him, for an alarm to go off. He pushed open the next door in the corridor quickly.
Steve smiled and let himself fall.
Steve stared, unable to understand what he was seeing. The pod was empty, the fading imprint of a body left in mused sheets. The Hydra Supreme must have made good on his promise and woken him up. Steve slammed his fist into the glass, frustration and fear making him strong enough to make the pod groan beneath his hands. Steve must have just missed him.
“You didn’t love me back,” Tony replied simply.
Tony smiled, no one had ever called him champ before. His mother called his Tesoro and Baby and Jarvis called him Tony. He liked Champ, it sounded exciting, grown up. “Hungry.” He said finally.
Steve looked up. Tony eyes had moved, shifting away from Steve to focus on the screen, on his Steve. The other Steve, the old Steve was walking up a set of stairs, each step slow and painful looking. “I made an extremis strand just for him.”
Tony nodded and they held each other silently, lost in their own thoughts.
“My locators show that he has Tony in the Triskelion.” Tony continued softly.
“I just wanted to say, that you can sit this one out.”
“Where should I start?” Steve asked softly and Tony jumped, forgetting for a moment the man was next to him.
Doctor Everette nodded quickly. “Of course, I’ll come back next week and we can do it here.”
On the opposite wall, the flickering fluorescent light of the TV stretched out across the floor. Tony paused, his attention moving understandingly between the TV and Steve’s turned back. He released a small darkly amused sound, his obvious remorselessness like nails on a chalkboard. “Oh dear, what have they said about me now.”
Peter turned his face into his Daddy’s shirt as Papa walked out the room, unable to watch as he left them.
It wasn’t until he was fully suited that Steve realised something was wrong. He patted himself down awkwardly, stepping towards the sleek mirror near the door. The suit fit him perfectly as if it had been tailored for his exact measurements. But it wasn’t his suit, it wasn’t Captain America’s outfit.
“Tony-“
His body was humming, vibrating with renewed health. He breathed deeply in relief, almost smiling. Steve had been vaguely aware of Tony moving around him, tweaking the nanobots that were holding his wounded body together, tracking his vitals. At points the pain had been all-encompassing, swallowing him whole and taking him somewhere cold and dark and far away. Tony had been at side throughout it. There had been many times during the Avengers when they would stay with each other while one of them was injured. This Tony was made of sharp, unfamiliar edges but he had stayed. Steve hadn’t thought he would ever get that again.
He stared up at the ceiling blindly, his fingers tapping agitatedly against his clothed stomach. He had slept badly ever since he and Steve had opened his father’s study; disrupted sleep giving way to full-blown insomnia. Tony suffered from disturbed sleep patterns fairly often, his brain too busy, too fast to let him rest. But this time, he felt different, more unsettled than usual. The fragments of sleep he had managed were filed with distorted memories, childish monsters:  his mother crying, blood seeping from beneath the door of his father’s study, his bones cracking, piercing through his hands and feet. Tony woke up covered in sweat, gagging as if the injuries, the blood was real. Even when he wasn’t dreaming, he felt wrong, imagining there was something under his skin, sickness churning beneath the surface, threatening to seep out if he let his guard down.
“Welcome to Hydra, Tony.” Steve was saying on screen, his hand pressed to the glass, “I think it’s time you woke up.”
“But he’s not fine. He gets sick a lot.” Maria pressed, her worried eyebrows were twisting, her face anxious. She had stepped up close to the doctor, surging into his space and the man looked startled, uncertain in the face of distress and rocked backward, leaning away from her. “He gets fevers, dizzy spells. I can barely get him to eat.”
It was easy to be with the man. He was sharp and sometimes strangely cold, different in ways that made Steve’s chest hurt. But he retained Tony’s magnetism; that special type of charisma that had drawn people to him his entire life; that made them worship him, love him. Steve felt drunk on Tony’s attention. He was a man drowning after so long without water. Gods, he had missed this, missed Tony
“Peter, I love your Daddy very much. I did hurt him, it was an accident but I still feel really terrible about it. I hate that I did that to him, I hate that you saw that.” Papa’s voice cracked and a tear fell down his face. Peter didn’t think he’d ever seen his Papa cry before. “I’m really proud of you for trying to protect your Daddy, it was really brave. I’m sorry I scared you. Do you think you can forgive me?”
Behind him Clint made a gagging sound, the noise abruptly cutting off as Natasha’s hand clipped him hard around enough the head to knock him off balance. “Be nice.” She scolded.
Clint raised an eyebrow at his socked feet and the unchanged sleep outfit he wearing from that morning but wisely didn’t say anything. The arm at their feet gave a spasm, the circuity flaring.
Steve picked up the shield easily, twisting it, rolling as he remembered the weight of it. He turned to grin back at Tony.
“It’s no problem. It’s the least I could do, considering this is my fault.”
“I’m making pancakes, do you want some?”
“I can help.”
Tony glanced up in surprise, making a little noise of confusion.
The hard line of Amy’s mouth softened and she held out the red pen in sympathy. “I did mine wrong too at first. If you ask, you can get a new piece of paper.”
“Did that just seem a little bit too easy, or was it just me?”
The first Tony he had met had been wrong. They weren’t destined to destroy each other. They could be happy together. Familiar pins and needles shot up his arms, the edges of the room blurring, dissolving slowly.
“Steve, why don’t you leave us alone for a little bit.”
Tony went silent, mouth hanging out. “But I thought you came from just after the SHRA? I arrested you.”
“Wise words.”
Tony waved a hand at the dark screen and it snapped to life. “F.R.I.D.A.Y., show me Steve Rogers.”
Outside the room, stretched a long, unbroken corridor. Like the bedroom Steve had woken up in, it was white, sterile and cold. Steve followed it as it wound lazily upwards, spilling seamlessly onto an enclosed walkway with floor-length glass windows. Steve stopped and stared. Before him, stretched a huge shimmering blue expansion of water, the edges of waves highlighted gold from the sun. In the distance, a city sprawled out across two uneven coastal land masses, connected by a familiar, red bridge. What was Tony doing in San Francisco? He couldn’t remember Tony ever having any ties with the city. Steve didn’t remember Tony mentioning any property here. How had Steve even got here?
“Yeah, I’m just tired. It’s been a hard day” He made himself relax, drawing Tony to him and holding until the other man relaxed against him with a sigh. Tony’s eyes drooping, his fingers running up and down’s Steve’s arm, petting him, comforting him.
A hand wrapped and squeezed comfortingly around his bicep. “How about, I get us some food and we can watch TV and have an early night,” Tony said gently. “I’ll even fend off those pesky SHIELD agents.”
“I want to speak to Tony,” Steve said slowly, his voice hoarse.
Steve tried a different approach “I didn’t introduce myself, I’m Steve. What’s your name?”
Steve winced. Tony’s expression was tight, irritated. It wouldn’t take much for it to slid into suspicion. “I’ll be healed soon.”
“He’s called Iron Man. He made some bad choices when he was younger and then worked hard to fix them. He’s is very intelligent. Maybe the smartest man I know. He built himself flying armour and is able to fight just as well as Captain America.”
Tony choked, the last word of his sentence suddenly dropping off his lips. He frowned, surprised by himself, and Steve mirrored his expression, confusion spreading across his golden features like clouds across the sky. Tony tried to speak again, but this time pain rocked through him, sharp ice blades seemed to rip up from his stomach. He glanced down uncertainly. Cradled against his chest, the doombot arm was glowing once again, faint red and blue circuity sparking to flickering light. From the tangle panel of its forearm, a blade had popped out, propelled by a final pulse of power. The blade which was now protruding from Tony’s gut.
Beneath him, Steve stiffened. His hand dropping away from Tony’s face so abruptly, Tony nearly fell over.
Tony took one long gulp, smacking his lips in satisfaction. He shook the glass in Steve’s direction “You have no idea how much I have been craving this.”
“Well, this is unexpected.”
“Your grandfather was a pig,” She told Tony from behind her big sunglasses, cigarette hanging limp and fuming in her hand.
“It shouldn’t still be able to do that; I wonder if each section has a power source?” Tony said, nodding to the robot arm twitching under Clint’s bow. As if on cue, the arm gave a final splutter and went limp and dark. Tony made a noise of irritation and lent down to pick up the arm, fingers skimming over the metal plates.
“Stark Resilient. No one is going to be able to get to us here. It’s safe.”
Steve had stepped forward, surging into Tony’s space furiously. Tony tilted his head up slightly to meet Steve’s eyes; they were so close he could feel the short puff of air from Steve’s laboured breathing landing on his skin. Another inch any there wouldn’t be any space between them at all.
Tony mouth’s quivered; his eyes were wet, a swirling mixture of fear and understanding and grief. “No.,” he said finally, the word punched painfully from him.
Soon, his doctors’ appointments started again. With the confidence gained from their trips to the nutritionist and dietitians, Maria looked further afield. Tony would watch her as she sat curled up in her favourite chair in the living room, a yellow-pages balanced on her knee and her index finger sliding down the page, caressing the various names of doctors until she found one she liked.
Steve swallowed and slowly slid off Tony, hands raised up in surrender. Tony sat upright, confused and wary.
Suddenly it was all too much. He had been spiralling for a long time, longer than whatever strange experience this white room was. The SHRA, the destruction of the Avengers, the loss of the home he had carved out in the future. When Steve closed his eyes the memory of Tony lying beneath him, a breath away from death, was imprinted onto the insides of his eyelids. And then today, he had started the morning being dragged in chains like a common criminal, been jeered at, threatened, shot. He had fallen, or least that was what it felt like. Steve didn’t know how to process the weirder aspects of today: of jumping from the courthouse to a park, of the strange suit, of being told he was a Commander and it was seven years in the future. It was all just too much.
He had Tony had spent every waking moment together, lived together for years. Steve had said they were best friends, brothers, platonic soulmates. He had been wilfully blind, ignoring the most obvious signs. Tony with his never-ending gifts and his willingness to ditch everything and everyone for Steve. And Steve had hated every one of Tony’s girlfriends. And then there was the irritation he had felt when he had seen Tony sleeping with a man. Except his anger hadn’t just been annoyance it had been jealousy.
“Do you want me to leave you two alone?” Tony asked, one blue eyebrow quirked.
“No.” Tony tried to turn away but Steve held him tight, grasping his head easily with one hand. He seemed amused by Tony’s efforts rather than annoyed at him, laughing as Tony hissed like an angry cat at him.
Tony laughed, breaking the steely intensity of his expression. He shrugged, “Well you have something I want. Don’t worry, it won’t take long now.”
Before Steve could protest, his mouth was pressing down into Tony’s. Steve tensed, a little gasp escaping him. Tony’s hands remained on his face, his body pressed hot and hard into his own. Steve reached out automatically to balance the other man, curling his hands around Tony’s narrow hips as the man rocked up onto the balls of his feet. Tony made a pleased noise between them and Steve shuddered, heat unfurling, igniting in his gut. Tony’s lips were soft, impossibly hot. Steve had never kissed a man with facial hair before and found himself distracted by the soft tickling of it against his skin.
“I should probably just go to bed –”
Steve flinched at the mention of the brain deletion. He closed eyes, frustrated.
“Don’t worry. Next time, we’ll make them understand. Next time, they will see you are sick.”
A gunshot rang like a clap of thunder around the room.
“Steve! Steve! It’s me!” The woman in his arms choked out desperately. Her fingers were clawing at his arm, fighting against him uselessly. Steve jolted; he recognised her voice. He remembered her.
“Peter. Peter. Look at me honey.” Daddy called his name, gently running his hand down Peter’s back even though he was crying so hard he knew he was shaking something awful. He has saved his Daddy but now he felt worse than ever. “It’s OK, it’s over now. I’ve got you.” With a sob he looked up.
The figure on the screen bent down, his face swimming into focus as he leaned close to the pod. Steve blinked in confusion. It was his own face. He recognised the clenched, sharp lines of his own jaw, his way his pale eyebrows drew up tight in frustration. It was expression Steve had seen on his own face a hundred times. The other Steve’s eyes were bright, so excited they were almost reflective as he peered into the glass of Tony’s pod. His mouth quirked, a strange twist pulling at his lips. A sneer.
After what felt like an age, Tony’s bedfellows were ready to go. The woman bent down to retrieve a pair of heels near Steve, hanging the thin heel straps off her index fingers as she padded clumsily onwards. Abruptly she came to a stop, seeming to notice Steve for the first time. She hummed in surprise, canting her head like a curious bird as she looked him over. Her eyes were encircled by the smeared remains of her eyeliner and mascara, pupils were blown wide. She couldn’t have been more than 21.
“We’re looking for the cosmic cube shards.” Tony’s expression was stilted, uncomfortable. “I’m coordinating the others, not much use outside the workshop.”
Tony looked over at him, “I guess this is goodbye.”
Tony’s inhumanness was painfully apparent as he fumbled around the workshop, searching for food and drink he obviously hadn’t thought about in a long time. Eventually, he found a stash of cardboard tasting protein bars and stale water. Steve took them without complaint, politely ignoring Tony embarrassed grimace.
Tony glanced down at the picture on his father’s desk, rubbing the film of dust from the glass frame. His mother’s beautiful face stared blankly at him. She was a slender, wisp of a woman; her eyebrows curled up slightly giving her a permeant expression of worry. Next to Howard’s imposing bulk, she looked fragile, a glass person balancing in high heels. Tony remembered the bottles of prescription drugs he had emptied from her room after she had died and the stab of guilt he’d felt as he had stared at the names of the drugs, trying to pinpoint what each pill was for. Trying to guess which ones she really needed.
The man hesitated, “Now sir?”
“You’re in love,” Steve said. “You and Steve were together. You want to save him, to get back the man you knew.”
He grew slowly, a skeleton with skin stretched taut over his protruding bones. He was pale, bloodless, often breathless and dizzy. His hands were clumsy, sometimes going completely numb when he tried to hold his school pen. His stomach problems, which had initially eased off with his dietary changes, came back with a vengeance and Tony grew used to stomach upsets and random violent fits of vomiting.
“Oh, before you go.” Maria was saying to the doctor, “Could you take a picture for us.”
“I’m sorry too.”
“Steve?” Sam tried.
Focused on the task at hand, Steve started to search the room, hoping he would stumble across some medical equipment. He was in a bedroom, built sleek and neat and impersonal - a style that was distinctly SHIELD. A few personal items were scattered across the room, spread and mixed in a way that suggested that the room belonged to two people, a couple. Steve ran his fingers across a small stack of books, his eyes drawn to the picture frames that sat next to the bed. He inhaled sharply as he realised who the room belonged to.
Tony winced and steeled himself. There was no point putting it off. “Let him in Jarvis.”
“No, really. Come on, there is something I want to show you.” He stalked out of the room, not looking to see if Steve was following. Steve sighed but chased after him, walking distractedly as they emerged into a huge open plan living room. Like the rest of Tony’s new home, it was sleek, richly decorated but impersonal. Steve doubted Tony had lived here very long.
Steve forced himself to relax, holding out his hands, “Hey, I’m not here to hurt you. I know your father. I’m here to help you.”
“I hate that I hurt you,” The arm holding Peter shifted and moved upwards until it came to rest hesitantly on the awful bruise across his Daddy’s face. Peter’s breath hitched and from the movement of Papa’s chest beneath him he realised he wasn’t the only one who scared. Papa’s thumb rubbed at the bruise as if it was pencil mark and he was trying to erase it.
Tony nodded obediently and the doctor hummed, pen scratching away as he started to make notes.
The buzz of adrenaline faded a little and Steve wished not the first time that he could reach out and touch the A.I. It felt so cruel to not be able to touch and if Steve was being honest, finding himself without physical demonstration made him uncomfortably aware of how hard he found talking about his feelings. The A.I. shifted; a child moved by their own indecision.
On the bed, Tony opened his eyes. They were bright and clear, sharp as ever despite his pale, withered face.
“Extremis is too dangerous for public usage. You’re putting people at risk.” Steve said, hardening himself, ignoring the flare of wrongness in his gut. “I know you wouldn’t want this.”
Peter felt himself cry harder. This was it; Papa was going to have to leave now.
“Friday where is Tony?”
“I do not understand.”
“You should have found the resource!” Steve pressed; he could feel himself getting agitated, angry. It was a confusing feeling, considering he was getting angry on behalf of Tony but was fighting with a different Tony. “Steve is affected by Hydra, he might hurt Tony!”
Papa’s face looked too pale and his eyes were wide and strained again, he tried to take a step forward but then stopped and took two back.
Tony’s bedroom was easy to find. It was marked by red, double doors. A shock of colour in the otherwise pristine building. For a moment Steve paused, the hairs on the back of his neck twitching warily. He supposed it was natural, considering their recent history. He steeled himself, preparing for an attack and threw open the door.
His parents never turned him away from their bed and Peter liked wiggling up between them, feeling them curve their bodies around him. Daddy always made sure Peter was curled up against Papa because he was worried the arc reactor would hurt Peter. But Peter didn’t think it would, he liked the arc reactor, he liked the cool metal and the warmth from the blue light. After he’d had bad dreams in his own bed, he liked going to sleep with the arc reactor’s light burning into his eyelids, keeping the nightmares away.
“He’s keeping it safe.” Steve told them, “He’s keeping it from Osborn.”
The extraction team was waiting for them as promised: two automated iron men suits – one built extra-large for Steve. The suits wrapped around them and shot like comets into the air, taking them far away from the Triskelion and the Hydra Supreme.
Steve’ eyes flickered down, remembering the tight, dark navy Commander’s uniform he was wearing. Tony’s gaze followed the tight lines of the suit, humming appreciatively. Steve looked at him with a raised eyebrow and Tony shrugged awkwardly, his cheeks glowingly faintly pink.
His Parents were still murmuring over his head as sleep started to grab at him. Peter hadn’t slept very well for a while and safe and warm in his parents arms it was catching up with. He struggled to keep his eyes open, desperate to listen to his parents. Despite what they said to him, Papa’s upset voice revealed everything wasn’t perfect. He wasn’t that surprised, Peter knew that things were complicated and messy and even though Daddy had been hurt, Papa was hurting as well in a different way. When things hurt it could take a long time to make them better again.
“Oh, yes, I can imagine how hard it’s been on you,” The doctor said soothingly, “This was a sigmoidoscopy, it only looked at a small portion of his intestines. Sometimes a full colonoscopy is needed to identify the issue. We can do it if needed.”
“You’re deluded.” Steve retorted, “He won’t pay you for the serum.”
Steve didn’t fall.
Tony, it was always Tony. Steve couldn’t sense the other man, but he could hear him, swearing and cursing as he circled Steve. The pain in his side was too much for a moment, stealing Steve’s words and leaving him gasping voicelessly like a fish on land.
Tony laughed quietly, the sound grating like an untuned musical note. “The best way I can help people is by disappearing. I screwed over my staff, my friends, the Avengers. I can’t be an Avenger again. Some things you just can’t get past.”
“Me? Where are you in this equation?” Daddy all but screamed the last bit and Peter’s heart stuttered as Papa raised his hand up to his hair.
Steve held his Captain America uniform like a long-lost friend, resisting the urge to press his face into the hardened Kevlar. It felt like a lifetime ago when he had last worn it, he’d been a different person.
“No.” Steve breathed, his voice hollow. He could only imagine one reason why there was an AI of Tony. But he couldn’t, wouldn’t believe it. Tony had survived more than anyone, there was no way he could be gone. Not when Steve had only just realised how he felt, only just seen what they could be. It was too cruel for the universe to show him something so wonderful only to snatch it away again in the next breath.
Steve spun around sharply, he hadn’t heard the door opening or the booted footstep of the Hydra agent entering. The man stood before him seemed to be struggling not to cringe in the face of Steve’s fury, his mouth quivering nervously as Steve stepped forward.
Tony nodded. They had laid him on his side and told him to bring his knees up towards his chest as if he was going to hug them. By his head was a cannister, attached to a tub with a nozzle. The nurse has explained that when it hurt, he was to suck on the nozzle. Tony had nodded through this explanation, his anxiety growing as he wondered what exactly was going to hurt.
Steve turned away from the mirror, the pain in his side flaring warningly at the sudden movement.
“Steve?” Tony asked, his voice was small as if he was scared to believe.
Steve frowned in confusion.
Steve broke away for a second, forcing himself to look down at Tony. “I’m not him. I’m not your Steve.” He said; he had to say it. Had to make sure.
Steve leaned down, pressing his mouth fleetingly against Tony. The pressure of a mouth on his split lip made Tony shudder, a shiver running down his clumsy limbs. “I just need two little words,” Steve whispered against Tony’s mouth. He pulled back, still close enough their noses could touch. “Say it, Tony. I know you want to. Stop fighting.”
“Did I stutter?”
Tony looked at him; his eyes were electric blue in a perfect, unblemished face. Steve had always thought Tony was handsome, unfairly so but this version of him was so perfect, almost inhuman.
“You’re injured remember,” Tony remarked. “What help would you be to me?”
Maria hummed soothingly, tugging Tony upwards into a sitting position and Tony bite his lip at the sudden spike of pain that curled through his lower abdomen. Something slid down between his thighs, a sticky slickness across his skin and Tony panicked for a second thinking he had wet himself. He shifted uncomfortably realising what it was and a choked, burning tightened across his chest, stealing his breathe.
“I know. I know.” Steve told him softly. He sighed, and squeezed Tony’s shoulder, letting the man drop his head so he could rest against Steve’s forearm. Tony’s skin was clammy, feverish against his. “But you can do this. I know you can. You’re a hero. You can still help people.”
Steve made a noise, interrupting Tony before he could say what Steve suspected he was going to. “I mind.” He said firmly and Tony pulled a face but shrugged.
There was a pause, the kidnappers obviously not expecting his reply. “Excuse me?”
“If you want.”
Tony’s words were off-hand, darkly humoured. But Steve knew Tony, knew him better than he knew anyone really and he was familiar with the ways in which Tony used humour and sarcasm to verbalise his feelings. When they had first met, Steve had been continually thrown off guard by this habit of Tony’s, finding it inappropriate, flippant. It was only later he understood that Tony used his feelings like a weapon, hammering people with the inappropriateness of them because he didn’t know how to discuss them otherwise. Steve wasn’t the only one with communication issues.
But not Steve.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said.
“Are you here alone? Who are you here with?”
“And I nearly killed you.” Steve said, “And yet, here I am. I was just too stupid, too pig-headed to put the pieces together I guess.”
There was a moment of silence. Tension, expectancy strung out between the Hydra Supreme and Tony like caramel. Tony was gasping shallowly, little punched out breathes that seemed to fight to escape him. From inside the viewing room Steve could barely watch, every atom in his body was screaming at him to get in there, to rip the Hydra Supreme away from Tony. To stop Tony before he declared his allegiance to Hydra.  But he forced himself to remain where he was. The wound in his side was better than it had been, noticeably less painful than it had been. But it was still there, sapping his energy, his strength. In order to win this battle, Steve needed the element of surprise. He couldn’t risk a face on face confrontation.
“Leave now.” Steve interrupted, waving a hand at the agent. The man hesitated and Steve raised an eyebrow at him, sending him bobbing and shuffling away. Steve watched him go, waiting until he had disappeared around a corner before turning back to the two doors.
“Papa feels really bad about it and he’s getting some help so he won’t ever hurt me by accident again.”
“Side effect of the super-soldier serum, I don’t need much sleep. What’s your excuse?”
“How long was I gone?” Steve asked.
Tony spent hours on the toilet, clutching his stomach as his bowels cramped painfully and then he started having violent, unexplained vomiting fits. Maria was always there with him. She sit crossed legged in her designed jackets and heels on the cold tiled floors of Tony’s bathroom, rubbing her hands up and down his back, fingers searching and pressing into the knots of his spine as he strained into the toilet. She would hum gently, musical notes dancing over the sounds of his retching.
The coffee mug was warm even after the liquid was gone and Tony cupped the mug in his numb fingers, still swallowing compulsively. Even after the pills had gone he could taste them on his tongue, feel them sticking in his throat.
Steve’s fingers had crept up to rest against his mouth, tracing the heat Tony had left behind.  He sighed as the door closed and ran his hands through his hair. Maybe he should just tell Tony what was going on. Obviously, they were on good terms here. Maybe he could help. A childish, weary, part of him rejected the idea – he would most likely be moving on again soon. There was nothing Tony could do. Steve was so tired, he just wanted to rest, to sit down. And He didn’t want Tony to stop looking at him like he had hung the moon.
The last comment slipped out before Steve could stop it, a final note in his stream of consciousness. He snapped his jaw shut in embarrassment. He didn’t even know why he had commented on that. He had known for a while that Tony was bisexual, he had heard enough about Tony’s relationship with Tiberius Stone to draw conclusions about Tony’s dating history before the Avengers. But despite knowing, Steve had never seen Tony’s relationships with men personally. The carousel of admirers in and out of Tony’s bed had always been female only. Steve didn’t know why seeing the blond-haired man in Tony’s bed had bothered him so much.
“Here let me get you a drink, you must be thirsty.” Steve moved over to the entrance, his back to Tony as he poured a glass of water. “The pod was a clever idea by the way. It made you nearly as good as new.” He turned, smiling back at Tony, a predatoriness lingering at the sharp edges of his mouth. “Well nearly. It will take a while for you to regain control of your limbs.”
The room Steve stepped into was a glorified broom closet, long and thin and dark. It was bare apart from the mirror stretched across the entire inside wall. At least Steve thought it was a mirror. There was light seeping from around the sharp edges, giving the dark closet an eerie glow. Steve moved closer, stopping when he was dead centre to the mirror. He inhaled sharply, understanding why the agent had called this the viewing room. The one-way mirror was a window into the room Tony was being kept in. A voyeur’s dream.
“Steve, Steve! It’s me, It’s Tony. It was just a dream. You’re safe. I’ve got you.”
“I know.”
Maria let loose a sigh of relief, sending the young doctor a warm, pleased smile that knocked out a strange involuntary noise from him. “I’m so relieved to hear you say that, Jonathan. I think it might be a food allergy, Anthony’s such a picky eater and this all started with stomach aches. Didn’t it, Tesoro?”
There a pinch, a shock of static electricity against his shoulder, jolting him literally from his thoughts.
His mother touched his forehead gently with the back of his hand. “Are you ok, Tesoro?”
“Please, call me Maria.”
“Tony, about before –“
“Tony.”
“That is correct. It is Monday 16th March 2015,” the soft female voice replied. Steve’s wandering thoughts snapped back to the present, panicked.
Bucky’s words were a comfort, a homecoming but Steve felt a bone-deep sense of regret. Unfounded, and all-consuming. He closed his eyes, drowning, confused in the sensation. He should be happy he was here; he was back in his time with friends. They had obviously been working to save him. But he felt sad, bereft. Like there was something missing. Steve frowned; he was forgetting something. Something important.
“Not yet!” Steve cried.
“Mama, please.” He whispered, her vision blurring. Maria looked up, her irises had been swallowed by her pupils, leaving her eyes strange, polished obsidian. She smiled but her nail was still pressing hard into his skin, it hurt more than the entire scratch test had done.
Steve swallowed, “Less than a day ago we were on opposite sides of a war. I nearly killed you.”
“I believe you, Mrs. Stark –“
Steve heaved; choking on the sudden air. He shot upright, head spinning at the movement.
“I’m not Hydra,” Steve said flatly, barely hearing the A.I.
“Ironman, status,” Steve ordered; his voice crackled across the comms. Tony could hear the tension in his voice, the bumbling anger.
Unable to think of an excuse, Steve let Tony bully him out of his suit and into soft loungewear. He smiled tightly as Tony watched him, his bare feet feeling vulnerable against the carpet. He hadn’t liked the commander’s uniform but at least it had been strong, protective. He had a sudden horrible image of dropping into a war zone in his pyjamas.
Steve couldn’t watch; it wasn’t right to see Tony like this, so broken and hurt. Especially not when it was another him’s fault. Steve turned away from the one-way-mirror. He looked at his arms, still clad in a black Hydra uniform. Both he and Tony knew what the Hydra Supreme had threatened, what he had insinuated. Steve couldn’t bear to continue wearing the same colours as him. He pressed the button on his band, sighing at black melted away, revealing his normal suit.
Steve wavered. Those bits at least were true. The differences in Tony’s face were undeniable, unquestionable. But time travel?  “
“Jesus.” Tony hissed, straining against Steve’s grip. “Don’t say things like that. Or I’ll come in my pants like a teenager.”
Tony crinkled his nose, “No thanks, too early.”
He hadn’t slept in his tiny jail cell the night before. Every time he closed his eyes, he saw Tony lying beaten beneath him, blood in his teeth as he told Steve to “finish it”. Steve found himself looking back. His recent decisions strained under his scrutiny, spiderwebbing cracks across glass. With a sickening dread, he recognised that he hadn’t been fighting a war of principal. Not towards the end anyway.  He and Tony had been engaged in an argument of stubbornness, of pride. Steve’s certainty of his position had been bolstered by his anger at Tony, and his inability to see beyond his anger had made him willing to carry on a pointless fight. Steve had seen the destruction their lack of compromise had caused the city. He had seen the pain he had caused the public – the pain he had caused his friends, caused Tony. But by then it had been too late. Tony had said the public was scared of them and he had been right in that aspect. He had been right about a lot of things.
Tony hadn’t been in his father’s study since the night his parents had died. He had stumbled drunkenly, grief-stricken, through the manor, hoping he might storm into the study and his father would be bent over his desk, eyes flashing at the interruption.
A small, sickly looking boy stared at the camera. His face was pinched with anxiety, eyes huge in his exhausted, too-thin face. The oversized hospital robe he was wearing was stiff with starch, hanging off his protruding collarbones and pooling at his elbows. Behind him, Maria was stood, dressed in her Sunday best. Next to Tony’s diminished pallidity, she was radiant. Her eyes were bright with barely suppressed excitement.
Tony didn’t reply, his breathing had levelled out, slow and heavy as he dropped uneasily into sleep.
The only things Tony had found were memories and loneliness and he’d locked the door and walked away, promising himself that he wouldn’t come back unless he had reason to.
“Amy’s mommy left her daddy because he hurt her. Papa hurt you, even if he didn’t mean to, are you going to have to leave him?”
Tony tilted his head, “I’m pretty sure we just established I don’t have to do anything.”
“Oh, leave him be, Jarvis.” Maria interrupted, waving her hand dismissively, “His stomach is probably feeling a bit unsettled, isn’t that right Anthony?”
Steve hesitated. He had blamed Tony for breaking apart the Avengers but had been just as guilty. Maybe more, people had followed him because he was Captain America rather than because they believed in his cause. He had hurt innocent people in that fight, brushed off the damage and the fear he caused as a means to an end. He had hurt Tony, nearly killed him. He remembered what the red-eyed Tony had said, that some part of him had liked it, had liked shutting Tony up.
“In fact,” Steve drawled, rocking forward. His body pressing hard into Tony’s flattening him against the wall. “I’m almost looking forward to it.”
