John stares right into Sherlock's slate grey eyes in the mirror as he speaks, his voice way more steady than he actually feels: “So, where do I sleep tonight?”
John does as he's told, staggering downstairs almost in trance. The old woman behind the counter smiles at him, nods, and quickly hands him a bag containing still warm crumpets, excusing herself for being unable to provide him with butter as well. John doesn't mind, however, and ascends the stairs again, nearly tripping over his own feet out of sheer exhaustion.
“Tosser.” John smiles and playfully whacks Sherlock with a pillow. “About that movie you were watching...”
But the blue, cloudless sky brings not only summer's delights this year. The bright weather also guarantees a clear view, and thus enables the German Luftwaffe to fly more and more frequent attacks. The sirens blare day and night. John often has to work double shifts, as nearly all male doctors have been conscripted into the Army, Navy, or RAF. A few months ago, John would have envied them for being allowed to fight for King and country. Now, the idea of parting with Sherlock is unbearable.
John knows that he looks out of order in this part of town in his dark jacket, white shirt and tie. But it can't be helped. The meeting took longer than expected, and he'd simply had no time to change. Despite, he loves this suit. It's bespoke, Bond Street, made of soft black wool that hugs his body most favourably – or so he'd been told by his tailor before he charged him the equivalent of his driver's monthly salary for a pair of slacks and a a coat.
“My family was against me enlisting. Because of my... deviant disposition, as my father put it. There had been some minor scandals involving me and boys since back at school, resulting in extensive corporal punishment and frequent change of the institutions I was carted off to. Luckily, when I eventually enrolled in Cambridge, no one gave a toss. Those were... very happy times in retrospect.” He falls silent again, the smile on his face turning sad. “My brother became a pencil pusher in Whitehall. That's his way of doing his bid. But I wanted something else, more. I wanted to make a difference, not just sit around studying chemistry while the fascist scum overran Europe and destroyed everything I thought precious and beautiful. So I signed up late in 1939. God, it was so boring. Nothing happened, we were just shouted at and drilled day in day out, somewhere up in Yorkshire.” He looks suddenly grim. “I was so naïve. We were just a bunch of eager kids. I thought war and fighting were something glorious... I got so excited when we eventually were shipped over to France. And then I ended up in Dunkirk, you know. We were all waiting for the evacuation, but it took time. The Germans closed in on us. To their snipers we were easy prey  on the vast beaches. We tried to hide as best we could. Food was short, as was water. We had wounded comrades around us, screaming for their mothers, dying in our arms. It was hell.”
Now it's John's turn to wrap his arms around Sherlock tightly, his thumb drawing circles on his biceps.
This chapter was kindly and thoroughly beta'd and britpicked by Lockedinjohnlock. She not only patiently amends my grammar and punctuation but is also a vital source on such diverse topics as ligature marks, pharmacology and anatomy.
“Why didn't you say anything? Why didn't you stop me? You have a black belt and the most vindictive tongue in London!”
As the man on the other side of the door slowly slumps to the floor, Sherlock's fingertips follow his downward slide, brushing delicately over the prominent grain of the worn wood. He inhales deeply and is almost sure to smell John's scent – aseptic cleanliness, starched cotton, Earl Grey; now mixed with fresh salty sweat and the slightly sour aroma of milky ejaculate.
Sherlock’s head snaps up. Their eyes meet. He just nods. “You can tie me up as well if you like.” He whispers.
What a fool I've been. We came under fire today. I won't bore you with details, but 32 men are dead, another 63 wounded. Me and the nurses are working non-stop. It's a slaughterhouse, I'm literally wading through blood.
“Let's hope it doesn't still contain chocolates.” He offers, because some reaction seems to be called for.
Tea is abandoned together with further discussions of the subject for the evening as they relocate to their bedroom.
Sherlock had seemed… willing. He hadn't told John off. He didn't pull away or knock him out with some deadly judo choke to John's carotid or trachea. He'd simply been very… quiet. John had attributed that to shyness. For all he knew, Sherlock didn't have very much experience in this specific area.
Lestrade sighs. “If you really have to know, he got involved with a rather bad lot. And then he was just gone. Vanished. I made some inquiries – nothing came of it. I feared the worst. Until one evening when I’d been working late, a black car pulled up at the curb just as I left the station to walk home.” They share a knowing look. “I was driven to some warehouse. God, I nearly shit myself. Thought my last hour was up. We had a… talk. I was informed that Sherlock had left London and was presently residing in Florida. That he would be used as a drug mule to smuggle cocaine into the UK. That his flight was due to land next Tuesday morning. That I was to arrest him, then escort him straight to a house in Norwood where I would hand him over. My objection that I wasn’t even on the drugs squad was met with a dry smile. ‘You are now’ Mycroft informed me. And that was that.” Greg's face has turned ashen. John just stares at the man with a mixture of disbelief and fascination. “But of course it all went to hell. Sherlock spotted us at Heathrow and smelled a rat. As he started to run he crashed into another passenger. One of the condoms he’d swallowed ruptured and he collapsed. We got him to hospital just in time. Shortly after, Mycroft arrived and took over. Very efficient, that man. Would stop at nothing to protect his little brother.”
“First of all, we've to cut your hair.” Mycroft says. Sherlock wrenches the scissors from his fingers to do it himself. As his dark curls, that John so loved to pet and stroke, fall onto the bathroom floor he feels a fleeting sense of loss which he quickly pushes down and rigorously suppresses. It's no use getting sentimental now.
“Because those things you did... they surely come back to haunt you. I don't want to trigger... something bad.” John is stammering, his face flushed red in embarrassment. “Lestrade told me how you funded you habit.” He can't go on. His voice just dies.
John suddenly feels drained and exhausted. All fight is knocked out of him. He simply shakes his head as he turns away, walking through the dark London streets towards the nearest tube station, leaving Lestrade behind. Some people stop and stare at him but he doesn't bother. Only when the sharp, cold draught on the downward escalators leading to the platform hits him full in the face does John realise that his cheeks are wet.
“That was amazing. We should celebrate this, Mr. Holmes. May I invite you over to dinner, my place, eight o'clock tonight? I'm sure you want to retrieve your reward.” He sounds business-like but John senses an inappropriate chummy undertone he doesn't like at all.
Sherlock's heart literally skips a beat and he nearly faints when he recognises the man in front of him. He's thinner, more tanned, his hair is shorter and bleached almost white – but it's obviously John Watson who is standing in this corridor of a run-down Italian hotel, wearing the greyish-blue uniform of the RAMC. The stripes on his cuffs identify him as a captain. He holds a satchel in his left hand as he stares up at Sherlock in the same mixture of shock, awe and bewilderment that must be visible on his own face.
And he can't help Sherlock either when he gets frustrated or bored or impatient – and admitting that hurts even more then witnessing those states in the first place. All John can do is stay, supply tea, toast and cigarettes, and hope for the bout of sorrow or anger or... whatever to pass.
Told Witold that I need more proof. Can't get into contact with Irene, she seems to have left Berlin.
Sherlock had inhaled deeply, willing his erection away. His fingers had stayed tightly wrapped around the delicate china – anchoring him to the mundane necessities of life, his knuckles turning white - until the mug had shattered. Luckily, there had been only minor cuts to his fingers and Sherlock had quickly gathered up the shards and thrown them in the bin before he could come up with possibilities for putting them to a-bit-not-good use.
Something feeling this good simply can't be bad, and if it's against the law then perhaps the law is wrong.
Sherlock is quiet for so long that John thinks he might have overstepped. Eventually, however, he starts to speak again.
Afterwards, he briskly showered – vigorously avoiding succumbing to yesterday’s indulgence - then got dressed meticulously in a tight purple shirt and slim black suit he knew John rather fancied before walking the short distance over to Angelo's.
He can see a thousand hands held up in the sky and believes to hear more voices in his mind that hum "Don't be sad; it's just your time, go, make a ladder of your spine, let every rung be stepped and climbed, make hummingbirds from your insides and let your face turn into vines and let your teeth and bones rewind. But realize, now, that you were only walking light, so let it go back down and shine on everybody that you loved when you were alive."
He clenches his fists, tries to even his breathing, then opens the door of the fridge. There are fresh eyeballs (displaying signs of Marfan Syndrome) in the crisper. Lovely! He might just try to dissect the Zonular fibres, and see what he'll be rewarded with. Perhaps a nice Glaucoma. This delicate process would need his undivided attention and concentration, thereby taking his mind off …
He wants to scream, to thrash, to drive matches under his fingernails and stick pins into his eyeballs!
Instead of answering, Sherlock finally can't hold his drink any longer– or whatever else he's consumed over the past evening – and starts retching. Luckily, he makes it over to the sink, clinging to it as his body shakes and cramps with wave after wave of nausea. John holds him upright as best he can, catching him around the middle, stroking his hair from his face, murmuring soothingly.
“Sherlock?” John takes a few steps towards the slightly ajar bedroom door, then hesitates before he glimpses inside. The bright afternoon sun is shining through the rather grimy window, its yellow warmth and bright light forming a stark contrast to the exhausted, gaunt figure crouching by the bed. Sherlock has hugged his legs and rests his forehead against his knees. John can make out the vertebrae under the thin cotton of his old t-shirt (he doesn't dress as meticulously as before, either; now it's mostly sweat pants and baggy sweaters instead of tight dress shirts and sharp suits.)
Ok, fair enough, John's own conduct in this matter hadn't been inspiring confidence; he had harboured his own secret desires. And yesterday morning, he had mocked Sherlock. Perhaps he went too far there. But, honestly, what did the arrogant prick expect after calling John a boring ugly twat he wouldn't even touch with a barge pole? John had just fed Sherlock his own medicine, teasing him a little. He hadn’t even been sure if it had registered with Sherlock. Well, it probably had…
“You should take these off before it gets too gooey,” John manages to get out between two bursts of laughter, pointing at Sherlock's soiled pyjama bottoms.
Anyway, as John got what he'd been after, he didn't need Sherlock in his bed tonight, which was all the better, for Sherlock didn't feel able to deal with any more intimacy.
It's a fine, if windy, autumn day; Gibson is sporting expensive dark pilot shades and a fur-lined leather jacket, his blond hair tousled by the breeze. He's all elegant casualness, while Lestrade has his hands stuffed into the pockets of his worn coat, squinting his eyes against the bright sunshine. The equally shabbily dressed DC Coventry watches Sherlock and John with open doubt.
Would John like to hurt him? Would he like to make Sherlock bleed? Would he like to wrap his fingers around Sherlock's throat and squeeze until all Sherlock was able to hear was his own blood gushing in his ears while black dots danced before his eyes?
“Well, at least there's a notebook filled with an illegible scrawl. Some cipher? Shorthand? Could just be messy handwriting. But the letters are love letters.” John wiggles his eyebrows.
That said, Sherlock turns away from John, closes his eyes and – for the next hour – tries very hard to fall asleep. But he is wide awake in the dark, his heart beating fast, aware of John's presence, which is not uncomfortable or disturbing, only a little unfamiliar. And – he reluctantly admits - quite exciting. John, on the other hand, is emotionally exhausted to such an extent that he simply slides into a narcoleptic state of unconsciousness the minute he closes his eyes
“But she is caught and killed before she can even scream for help.” Sherlock said bluntly. He had no time for Lestrade’s euphemisms- his curiosity had been captured. Not just by this case, but by this foggy memory coming back to him. He could remember getting home at 10:30 that night, and he lived 15-20 minutes away from the lake depending on his pace. Had two murders truly taken place within minutes of each other? What did that mean? But of course, Lestrade interrupted his thoughts.
His father had left before he was born, but he had an older brother, and an older half-brother as well. His mother had raised them, but was currently in a retirement home. She had Alzheimer’s, but it hadn’t progressed too much as of yet. The half-brother was a high school teacher who’d been recognized as outstanding a few times- raising test scores, commitment to the community, etc. The biological brother, on the other hand, was serving time in prison for several counts of larceny and one assault with a deadly weapon. So where did Zachary fall on the spectrum?
Thrown off his game at last, Sherlock cleared his throat, determined not to lose his composure. “My name is Sherlock Holmes, I’m here to ask you a few questions about what happened on Saturday night. Let’s start with your name.”
They walked off; Loman didn’t acknowledge Sherlock once. Sherlock rushed to follow them, leaving his plate abandoned on the table. He couldn’t get anyone’s attention until he finally reached the police car parked at the front of campus, where Lestrade was waiting.
“Hmm. I suppose that does make the case seem easy. John Watson was clearly angry, he goes in through the window to avoid the security cameras, stabs Callie Rogers, and returns home.”
He sighed and turned back to the posts with actual clues. He had selected three (and an excerpt from a fourth) to print and add to the file: the first was about the breakup with the Motorcycle Guy and the others referenced the new boyfriend.
Lestrade turned to his computer and showed Sherlock some security footage, a mere second-long clip of a door flying open and then slamming shut. The way the door opened into the hall, swinging towards the camera, made it impossible to see the person standing behind it. “This happened at 10:15 exactly. We believe that it may show Callie trying to escape- but…”
He grabbed whatever food he didn’t have to stand in line for and then glanced around at the tables, trying to see if any of the people he’d talked to had congregated somewhere. He wanted to make sure he didn’t miss interviewing anyone his victim had eaten lunch with. As he was scanning, he heard a voice behind him call “Mr. Holmes? Is that you?”
Lestrade had given up trying to follow Sherlock’s jumps of logic, so he just nodded as if he was on the same page. “So Watson definitely could have done it?”
Lestrade clearly expected Sherlock to be stymied, so Sherlock maybe found a little pleasure in keeping his face passive and saying, “The murderer was either stalking Callie or, much more likely, knew her. Is there a suspect fitting that description at this time?”
When they reached Callie’s dorm room, Sherlock headed straight for the windows. He examined the two which opened partially. “Screws all bright and shiny- those have been freshly replaced,” he noted. He pulled out a screwdriver he’d stopped to buy along the way, removed one of the metal track locks and opened the window all the way. Given that there was a ledge, Sherlock found it was pretty easy to climb out the window and step neatly onto the ground below. Still outside, he moved to investigate the window that wouldn’t open at all.
“Poor Katie,” John said, seeming genuinely unaware that Sherlock was implying suspicion rather than genuine concern. “She and Callie were best friends since high school- before that, maybe. She’s absolutely distraught.”
He kept that in mind as he looked over her body again, this time learning about her life. She was a religious user of skin care and cosmetic products. She didn’t smoke or do drugs. She had been too thin as a teenager- possibly struggled with anorexia- but she had developed healthier eating habits and got a good amount of exercise through frequent yoga and cardio workouts. She usually wore a necklace with some sort of small, round pendant on it. She often wore high heels. She once had surgery- most likely to remove her appendix, given the location of the scar, but it wasn’t safe to assume. In every inch of the body there lies a multitude of systems just waiting to go down and take their human host with them. Death wasn’t surprising to Sherlock- living was.
“Callie and Zach didn’t even know each other- Zach and I were never close; we just kept to our own circles.”
“Can you elaborate?” John asked, eyebrow raised, almost smirking at the opportunity to throw Sherlock’s words back at him.
Sherlock sat on the floor of his living room, back against the couch with his computer on the table in front of him. He checked the clock (10:27 AM) and allowed himself a moment to tilt his head back and rub his eyes. He’d been reading Callie Rogers’s blog all day, and had a moderate amount to show for it. Most was information about her personality, which he noted down in case it became relevant. He had been interested to see how much she revealed about her life- her schedule, her address, people she was close to. He’d been pleasantly surprised, for the most part. She didn’t give a location more specific than ‘England,’ she never mentioned specific classes or what times she was busy, and the only specific person she ever mentioned was Katie, and by first name only. That said, it would have been nice if she had named her boyfriends. The posts in which she referenced them were the most helpful, but she only referred to them with nicknames- usually a feature. Coffee-Shop Guy, Tattoo Guy, etc. The most recent one had been ‘Motorcycle Guy’- well, the second to last one, really. As Sherlock had suspected, she’d been seeing someone new in the past month- and this one wasn’t given a silly nickname. She talked about him in a completely different way. She was vague but made definite references to a future together- she was completely in love.
“Well of course I knew him, he was my flatmate. But I thought- they told me his death was an accident.”
“John Watson, you’re under arrest under suspicion of the murder of Callie Rogers. You do not have to say anything but it may harm your defense if you do not mention, when questioned, something which you later rely on in court. Anything you do say may be given in evidence.” He was grabbing John by the arm and pulling him up, attracting the attention of everyone else in the room.
have a strong motive and as we’ve made it this far into the conversation without you telling me otherwise, I think it’s safe to assume you
The professors were no help, but Sherlock hadn’t much expected them to be. Unless Callie Rogers had been a passionate student, there was no reason for any of her professors to know much about her personally. They all said that Callie was a kind and popular girl, an average student in terms of grades, but making up for it somewhat with her willingness to participate. In short, she was boring. She was a pretty girl who generally sat with a group comprised mostly of other pretty girls. Two professors said that,
Sherlock hums, opens his throat and swallows John down to the root. The sound that escapes John’s mouth makes Sherlock grin in satisfaction, despite his mouth being stuffed full with cock. He hollows his cheeks and starts in earnest, massaging the veined underside of John’s erection with his flat tongue.
They start with letter number one and systematically make their way through the war experiences of this stranger called John. The cheap paper is brittle and the folds in the pages are sharp, as if they'd been folded and unfolded many times. They have to be very careful as to not have them crumble between their fingers.
But that is easier said than done. The most mundane things remind him of all the time they've lost. Now even buying some plain yoghurt (Sherlock can't stand any fruity variant because of the bits in it while Mary had particularly loved those) is transformed into an act of redemption and reminds John how short life can be and how much he should cherish it.
“One night, another young private and I were send on patrol. When we approached a largely destroyed house, we got under fire. We thought we would die there. When the Germans eventually ceased firing, we just... I don't even think he was especially inclined towards men, but if you'd just been at death's door and back... it might just have been the adrenaline rush. Anyway, it got pretty heated pretty quickly, which led to us being discovered by a search team with our trousers down round our ankles.”
But John wants it! Can't he just try and give his friend what he so clearly desires? He'd been shown what he might have to expect if he won't cooperate. That coffee woman he'd effectively fought off, but there will undoubtedly be others. For all he knew, John just hooked up with a random fling last night!
John can hear himself grunt and huff as he fucks Sherlock's mouth, steadied by Sherlock's strong hands grabbing his arse, kneading his cheeks, digging his fingers in hard enough to bruise. The pain pulls John back from the edge; he dares to open his eyes again without fearing instant combustion; the need to see, to watch, to look down on Sherlock suddenly stronger than any precautionary measures to keep himself in check.
“No, just numbered. Gosh, there are over 800!” He leaves through them more thoroughly. “I'd say they are from the Second World War. Here, El-Alamain is mentioned. That's in North Africa, isn't it?
John has been watching Sherlock for signs of… aversion, but so far, this seems all right. John rests his brow against Sherlock's sharp clavicle, inhaling deeply, at first smelling only sweat and detergent. Underneath, however, there’s the familiar sharp scent of Sherlock (hydrogen peroxide, tobacco, something sweet John can't quite fathom) as he closes his eyes to just savour their easy but surely short-lived closeness.
“What do you want?” A deep voice asks brusquely. It's the man from last night. Or is it? The voice sounds the same, a posh, velveteen baritone. But as it had been too dark to see each other properly, John can't be sure.
We heard from Warsaw. First, we were so excited, but now it sounds just horrible, all hope crushed. At least they tried. They rose against their oppressors. They died proud. Does this make being slaughtered any better, I wonder?
This elicits a minute reaction; Sherlock shrugs without raising his head, just a small movement of his tense shoulders. At least he acknowledges John's presence and reacts to it. A small victory after all.
After lighting a candle, Sherlock pulls the belt tight over his upper arm, then wipes first the inside of his elbow with an antiseptic dab, before cleaning the spoon with a second one. He gives a small pile of the grey-brown gear onto the spoon, mixes it with the citric powder (he's a chemist, he knows that brown heroin needs acid added to be broken down into a administrable solution), finally adding some drops of water. He cooks it until the the powder has resolved into a light brown but otherwise limpid liquid. Than he draws up the syringe. His veins have swollen nicely, so he loosens the tourniquet and is just about to sink the needle into his arm when he hesitates, the tip hovering in shaky fingers just inches away from breaching his nearly translucent skin.
“But that was… before...” Sherlock trails off, too inhibited to name and describe John’s earlier doings.
“A few months later, Mycroft Holmes graced my office with a visit one late Friday evening. He was very polite; I give him that. He asked me if I could employ his little brother, offer him cold cases to work on. Mind, I knew Sherlock was some kind of a weird genius. And Mycroft made it very clear that, should I refuse, my superiors would receive information within the next 24 hours that would lead to me losing everything - my job, my pension, my wife and kid. So of course I agreed. And here we are.” Greg shrugs, then hunches his shoulders and buries his hands deeper into his coat pockets, avoiding John's gaze.
“If you say so.” John yawns before closing his eyes and snuggling up close to his lover. “I'll buy you a dictionary if it gets you in the mood. Just no more
Sherlock scrolls through the text messages. John’s right, the case is closed. Just, why didn’t Lestrade tell him? He wouldn’t have gone to the escort service in the first place if he’d known.
“So he was living here by then.” John remarks. Despite his earlier words, he can feel the hairs on the back of his neck stand on edge. A man bearing his very name had occupied these very rooms right here over sixty years ago…
Sherlock continues to stare up at him, his gaze unwavering. John knows that it's his decision, and that his next step will be vital to determine if they'll stand a chance in the future.
“Sorry?” John drops out of his presumed role of bad cop. Even after nearly a year, Sherlock's ability to read his mind still astonishes him.
John pulls Sherlock upright, then places one of the man's long arms around his good shoulder, while sliding his own around Sherlock's waist. He manages to half drag, half carry Sherlock to his bedroom like this, then lets him slump down on the bed.
“For example!” Sherlock sternly refuses being mocked by John Watson before breakfast. “Comes in quite handy sometimes.”
Just, please, don't do anything stupid you might regret later. You are a doctor, after all. He's not worth to get your hands dirty. Let justice take its course.
John suddenly experiences an unsettling feeling of foreboding. His mouth is dry; his skin prickles. He fears he knows where this is heading and wants to run from the room and away from Sherlock’s low, mesmerising voice. But he won't. Whatever Sherlock wants to share with him, John will take it.
As if on cue, Sherlock tries to shimmy away. But John is not yet prepared to let him go, so he reflexively grabs Sherlock's arse and holds him where he is.
A shadow crosses Sherlock's face. He puts the sandwich he's only nibbled at anyway aside and sits up a little straighter. After his deduction earlier which John took in stride, he deserves to know the truth.
Gibson strokes down Sherlock's coat front, slowly and deliberately. This man is definitely way too tactile for Johns liking.
“It would have been my word against his. Besides, afterwards... I couldn't...” Sherlock shudders again. “I just couldn't do it, John.” He averts his eyes and stares at the carpet.
offers discreet alcoves and Sherlock heads for one of them. As money is no problem these days, the transaction is swift and businesslike. No favours are called in; no demands have to be met. Sherlock knows what he wants and his purveyor has it on offer. The exchange takes barely a minute. Sherlock is back home just a quarter of an hour after leaving. He feels sordid anyway.
“What? Don't you want to know about my attitude towards sensual input?” Sherlock's voice is sharp and strained.
John brushes the knuckles of his left hand over Sherlock's quivering abdomen. “Hey, there you are. How about we slow down a bit, hm?” he murmurs.
“You can slap me if you want to.” Sherlock murmurs before darting his tongue out and lapping at John's glans and for a split second, John is so shocked that he has to grab Sherlock's shoulder so as not to keel over. He pulls away, one hand clinging to Sherlock's shoulder, the other one still around his jaw. Sherlock looks up at him, calm and composed, as if unaware of the flagrant lewdness of his offer.
I'm in Naples right now. It's almost Christmas. I got you something, just in case. A token. I have the strangest premonitions. I dream of you every night. God, how much I love you. I imagine stroking your soft white skin, your silky curls, kissing down your chest...
I hate my brother. I hate my country. Cowards, all of them! Dear god, have mercy on our souls. You see what's happening to me, John... I don't even believe in god. Yet we'll have to argue our case in the face of history and future generations. When we are asked what we did to prevent this catastrophe, what can we say? What can I say?
“You'll do.” John tells him, stepping up in front of him, taking the cigarette from between long fingers, flicking it away into a puddle on the pavement where it dies with a silent hiss.
The elder Holmes seems to sense that and smiles. “Before you judge me, please listen. I'm neither a prude nor am I prejudiced. I've known my brother all his life, being seven years his senior. Therefore, I was always aware of his orientation. Believe me when I say I don't mind at all. Who my brother takes to bed is none of my business.” John wants to say something but a small gesture from Sherlock's brother quiets him. “If he'd just be a little more discreet. You are aware of what happened at Dunkirk?”
“Oh, that... Let's say I have connections. Why don't you pop down to the bakery and order something to eat. Tell Mrs Hudson to have it billed on me. She owns the shop and is also my landlady.”
John spreads his legs even wider; pulling his knees up as he tries to insert a third finger but it's too much. He almost screams as he squirts thick streaks of come from his cock, dripping down his fist. Sherlock watches in fascination as John's hole flutters and contracts around his fingers, while his thighs tremble and quiver. He seems to come for an entire minute.
Indulging in these vivid mental pictures, John’s balls tighten and he bites down hard on his fist. His fingers blur flying on his cock and he's sweaty all over. Imagining Sherlock's pale naked body afterwards, trembling, glistening wet, makes his vision go fuzzy on the edges and then John sees himself licking up that long neck, tasting salty dampness there before pushing his tongue into
He likes it like this. He likes looking at the boys first. He likes bargaining. That's why he's so good at his job – he truly enjoys any kind of trade.
Sherlock's head is spinning, he's got trouble concentrating. John! He can't allow for John to suffer, to lose his job, his reputation. It's too important to him. He has to protect him at all costs. Oh, those stupid, stupid feelings!
“How come you have not been conscripted? A man your age. Or are you on leave?” Somehow, though, John doubts that.
“Please, John...” Sherlock's voice is rough and even deeper than usual. He might be shamming, but John doesn't really care right now, fisting his cock within reach of Sherlock's moist plush lips.
By now, John had finished his food. Sherlock still had half a sandwich and a bit of rice left, but his high was wearing off and he was anxious for an afternoon line. Maybe that was why this conversation kept getting derailed. His head kept getting confused- all the information he was getting connected- a girl who liked dangerous guys, a sudden disinterest in academics- but it didn’t seem to go anywhere. And he’d never dealt with anyone quite like Watson, who asked questions back, questions about Sherlock himself, no less.
He was, however, a people-watcher by nature and stayed a minute to flex his deductive muscles. They were both male, and though such a rendezvous initially implied lovers, their demeanors were tense and suggested they were fighting. Sherlock could only see their shadows, but could tell from the shorter man’s stance that he was a strong but unaggressive man…
Blood won out, it seemed. A background check found two arrests for possession with intent to distribute, and when he hacked in to a sealed juvenile file, he found one more.
But even that little section seemed to conflict with the first entry. Right now, Sherlock was working with the idea that the mystery guy was someone already involved- so Zach, Marcus, or maybe John. From the November 12
“On him? No. Do me a favor- ask him about that party on Sunday? Loman dragged him off before I could. I have a class…”
“Strange we’ve never met before. I suppose you’re not doing medicine, then? Or communications- I take some of those classes too?”
“No, actually, Callie came forward and admitted what she did. They decided to give her a zero for the assignment- they were still a little suspicious that it was me all along so they didn’t expel her but…”
But maybe he just wanted it to be Zach to finally tie the two murders together. Maybe Lestrade was right. Maybe he was twisting the evidence to suit his beliefs.
“Don’t let him out of your sight, Sherlock,” Loman advised. “Anything he does is your responsibility.”
He found himself analyzing the letter itself. He’d read plenty of written testimonies, but never one that was this informal. And addressed to Sherlock directly- ‘I remember you asking about her,’ and it was conversational- ‘sorry, I’m rambling,’ ‘it’s a girl by the way.’ He even became personal when he talked about Callie and her loss. The abrupt ending also implied being overcome with emotion… but was all of this genuine? Any of it? Was John Watson as friendly and earnest as he seemed? Or was he trying to manipulate Sherlock? And if he was smart enough to do that- well, wouldn’t he be smart enough to see what Sherlock was? How could anyone believe that cold-hearted, unlikeable Sherlock was capable of sympathy?
“A little. She says she knows I wouldn’t hurt Callie- that it was probably some creep. I didn’t tell her you thought it was a friend,” he admitted.
Around noontime, the campus became chaotic as people went to lunch, flocking to the canteen or to find friends. Sherlock, who had finished most of the interviews he wanted to, decided to follow the crowd. Callie had eaten in the canteen, so that’s where he should be. Besides, he was putting it all together in the ‘evidence’ room of his mind palace. Callie had stopped caring about her classes. He remembered what John had said about Callie stealing his paper-
“Well, it’s like you said yesterday. You’re the only one who doesn’t think I killed her. It’s in my best interest.”
“In the five minutes we’ve been in this room, I’ve learned that you’re a medicine student, that you have a sister, and that your father was a military man. You’re unaggressive and you’re still adjusting to the information that Callie is dead, which would suggest that you are not the man we’re looking for. However, we do suspect that Callie was killed by someone she knew and most likely trusted, a friend such as yourself. Now, judging by how you keep avoiding the question you
Had a boyfriend pulled her into something dangerous? Was she depressed? Maybe she was afraid of one of her exes and was losing sleep over it?
If someone who appeared so unaggressive could murder, possibly more than once, what else could he fool Sherlock about?
If anything important happened that night (or at all this week), I didn’t notice it. I’m really sorry. If there’s anything else I can do… it’s not just about proving myself innocent. I really want to find whoever did this to her. She was such a bright, wonderful person
“Ok Sherlock, now you’ve proved your point, explain in human terms how Watson got in here,” sighed DS Loman.
And maybe, if not for the cocaine, Sherlock would have done something about it rather than just standing back and thinking about how interesting the whole thing was. But instead, he watched the surprisingly still scene for a few more minutes, until the man by the lake stood up and walked away. Sherlock could see no evidence of the body on the surface of the water yet, but it was shallow- once the search started, it wouldn’t take long.
After an hour of walking with no discernable trace of cocaine left in his system, Sherlock was exhausted and grumpy. He hailed a cab to take him the rest of the way home, wondering if it was time to consider John a suspect of both murders.
Drugs could actually be helpful. Sherlock himself only bought directly from a manufacturer he trusted, but it shouldn’t be so hard to get in contact with any local dealers or addicts.
Sherlock’s eyebrows raised when the man suddenly shoved the taller one into the water. Had he been wrong? Was the short man violent by nature?
As with the professors, a few could be persuaded to admit she was acting weird in the past few months. Outside of class, they maintained, she was her normal self, but she had stopped coming to class regularly and when she did come, she didn’t seem invested in it.
It took him a half hour to walk from the university to the lake. He was working with a time frame of 10:00-10:30 with Callie, but he wasn’t so sure about the time of Zachary Wells drowning. He could barely trust his account of what happened, he didn’t want to set much store by his time frame. Maybe the drowning had happened earlier than he’d figured- or later, Watson might have been on his way
Sherlock silenced him quickly with a wave of his hand and motioned that they should listen. All around them, they could hear doors opening from the other rooms. “Go on then, look outside.”
- did not walk in Sherlock’s direction as he left, nor did he turn to look at him. But when he passed through the moonlight, Sherlock was able to see a glimpse of his face. It was no one he recognized. He was nice-looking but not in a committed relationship, Sherlock deduced. Short blonde hair; had played a sport in high school but not anymore. It was hard to get much more about him from this distance. He didn’t appear to be on drugs or alcohol, but he did not have the anger or fear one might expect on the face of someone who had just killed a man either. If anything, he seemed anxious, looking around as though he was unsure what to do next. Then he was gone, running back into the darkness, and Sherlock turned the other way. At home, he lay in bed riding his high until he crashed into a deep sleep.
He's definitely not shy. Sherlock has a beautiful body, and he knows it. He revels in showing off both his mental as well as his physical advantages, and John doesn't mind at all. Sherlock usually lounges about the flat in next to nothing, dressed only in a silken dressing gown or a sheet, which gives John free access to his body anytime he wants. And oh, how much he wants.
John knows it the moment Sherlock walks into their sitting room. It's the swagger of debauched confidence mixed with lazy ease and suppressed pride. John feels sick to the bone.
And Sherlock wants to say that it hadn't been John's fault, that there was nothing John had to be sorry for, that he doesn't want John's pity – but the words die in his throat. Sherlock is too tired to fight it anymore. For once, he gives in and accepts it. Because he can feel that it's compassion, true sympathy. John is really deeply concerned. He wants to console Sherlock, wants to stop him aching, wants to comfort him and reassure him that he's loved. And with all his defences down – shattered by the loss, the loneliness, the pain, the anguish – Sherlock can finally say it back.
When he loosens his grip and removes his fingers, Sherlock still looks at him, cocking his head slightly and his cheeks flush a little, before he lowers his eyes down to the display and starts typing furiously.
“Hey,” John smiles, gets up and starts to clear the table. He doesn't expect Sherlock to help him and is therefore surprised as Sherlock comes up beside him, placing crockery on the counter.
At this praise, William all too willingly spreads those aforementioned legs wide and lets John push his own gorgeous cock between them.
“The place had stood empty for some time. Apparently, the last tenant shot himself in the upstairs bed room.” John pulls a face. He has slept in there for the past months. Maybe this explains his nightmares. “Grandfather seems to have had trouble to find new tenants afterwards. Or he just didn't bother. I doubt he needed the money.”
John is both baffled and alleviated that their conversation is over, just like this. However, no one's shouting or fleeing from the room; that should count for something with the two of them.
“If you are starting to hyperventilate, don't use that bag.” Sherlock deadpans and John can't help it; he snorts a laugh before pulling Sherlock into a fierce hug. The angle is odd and Sherlock's bony shoulder bumps uncomfortably into John's sternum but he couldn't care less.
Vicotr's own cock is surprisingly hard as well, leaking clear fluid onto his concave, quivering belly, pooling around the navel. John dips his finger into it before he starts to fist his own straining cock.
That’s not the only thing John discovers, however, during those first love-stricken (or rather sex-addled) weeks of their affair. Sherlock shows some surprisingly favourable characteristics: he knows a lot of things about such diverse subjects as poisons, Asian martial arts, dogs, fashion, and music. He's a keen sportsman, despite his sometimes rather phlegmatic temperament, and actively engages in fencing and boxing. He's also an accomplished violinist, John learns. He knows London like the back of his own hand. And his circle of acquaintances is... colourful, to say the least, encompassing counts as well as beggars, respectable widows, shifty elements of the demi-monde, flamboyant artists and poor orphans alike. He doesn't distinguish by rank or title, gender or race, but treats those useful to him, intelligent and bright, with some kind of brusque courtesy, regardless of their breed or birth, while people he deems boring, useless or stupid have to suffer his ill temper.
No. Sherlock thinks. “Of course.” Scott says, a lewd grin spreading on his face. “I’m not a charity.”
In response, John's fist blurs at his shaft as he gasps desperately: “Sherlock, please, let me hear you, please...”
John quickly removes his sticky fingers from Sherlock's hair, wiping them on the rumpled sheets for a perfunctory clean-up, and giggles.
Understanding dawns on him a second later.  John did arrange all of this. He quickly slips back into his role as Scott, the escort, tilting his head slightly to one side, a wicked little smile on his face.
“No problem.” He cuffed Sherlock on the shoulder amicably before walking back to the car, where Watson was already in the back seat. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Sherlock,” he called, getting into the driver’s seat. “Rogers’s funeral is on Friday, so if you want to examine the body yourself you should do it soon!”
“Good. Now, unless there’s anything urgent you need to see to, I suggest you head home. I wasn’t kidding when I said you looked terrible.”
post, it had seemed like Marcus. It would explain the comment that people’s feelings might get hurt if they knew and the one about strange ways of getting together. But now it seemed more like Zach- and John could be the one who’d be angry if he found out they were together.
Lestrade and the other detectives were looking at him strangely. “Callie was stabbed in her stomach, with some shallow defensive wounds on her arms and a postmortem slash to the face.”
The guy shrugged. “Mate, if I was good at telling which guys were straight and which weren’t, I would save myself a lot of heartbreak.”
Lestrade looked at Sherlock thoughtfully for a minute. He didn’t believe him, but he did trust him. “Alright. I’ll leave it as an open case for now. But I’m telling you, I doubt anything will come of it. I’ve no idea where you got the idea that Watson killed him, especially since he was a little preoccupied with murdering Callie Rogers at that time.”
I guess but I don’t wanna hear your bs excuses again- I swear I should jst fuccking kill you & do the world a favor
Wells was generally a C student, because he had the mind of a B student but did the work of a D student. Online pictures, unsurprisingly, showed him at frequent parties with a changing cast of characters.
“Why do you do that, Sherlock? How come every time somebody wants to help you you just hide behind bigger words? I know you’re always the smartest person in the room, but that doesn’t mean that no one else could understand your problems.”
Lestrade sighed but set his pen down. “Callie Rogers, stabbed in her dorm room on Saturday between 10 and 11 pm, most likely sometime around 10:15.”
In addition to being fairly attractive, he must have been charming. He wouldn’t be let off with a fine more than once unless he convinced them he was another middle-class uni student who would clean himself up in a few years, take a job at his family’s business, and start a perfect little family.
“Sunday she stayed in and did homework for most of the day, but spent the night with Katie again as well as John, presumably Watson but we should check to be sure, and someone named Marcus.”
As left the scene, Lestrade approached him. “Just got off the phone- we had to let Watson go. You were right, evidence is circumstantial.”
Lestrade let Sherlock into the morgue but turned to leave quickly- anyone would be slightly edgy alone in that cold, white room full of corpses. Anyone except Sherlock, it seemed. Before he closed the door behind him, he heard Sherlock call, “Did you take that statement from Watson?”
Lestrade considered this. “I’ll make you a deal. I’ll hold him until Friday morning so he can accompany you to the funeral. After that, we’ll reevaluate the evidence and decide whether or not to take him back into custody. Sound fair?”
“I’m confused- earlier you made it sound like you thought I was innocent- now you think I killed them both?”
“She fought him? That means she saw the knife- why wouldn’t she scream?” he mused. “Was she gagged?”
“I’m doing criminal justice, biology, and sociology.” Sherlock listed them off with a touch of smugness in his voice, used to people being impressed by his exhaustive list of academic successes. Not that he was trying to impress John Watson- this conversation was meant to be purely interrogational. It was Watson who was bringing it off track.
John looked at him with something resembling amusement for a second before asking, “How did you even get in here? It’s only students and faculty.”
Look idk what you're up to rn but can I just be honest for once and say like really fuck you for that whole neuron paper thing
He hadn’t. He was hungry and stressed enough that he was also craving another line of cocaine, even though his last one had been just two hours ago.
John Watson looked a little scruffier after a few days without showering or changing clothes, but he seemed alright. He perked up when he saw Sherlock, at least.
“I didn’t speak to Callie for a week after I was accused, but when she confessed, I finally asked her what made her do it. She wouldn’t tell me exactly but the way she talked about it… it was almost like she wanted to be expelled. She just kept saying that she thought I’d turned the paper in first, that she never thought I’d be blamed- but she never said anything about getting away with it.”
Part of him was slightly annoyed that the police had brought him in for such an ultimately mundane case. Once they worked out that the murderer had simply come through the window, they would most likely find their answer in whoever had a motive- although hopefully a better motive than ‘almost got him expelled but didn’t.’
Sherlock raised a hand in acknowledgement but otherwise watched impassively as they drove away. He was still anxious to get home and do a line or two, but there was one more thing he wanted to check. Usually he would get a cab, but the lake was in the middle of a park that you couldn’t drive through.
“Yes, but I’m concerned that I’m overthinking it. I sometimes have difficulty getting into the mindset of someone… normal.”
“Because you really think that instead of killing this girl fifteen minutes after he threatened to, he killed his flatmate all the way across town?”
“I’m not bringing you back into that morgue feet first, Sherlock. Go get something to eat, then I will give you Watson’s story,” Lestrade said, masking his concern with a severe tone.
He walked briskly to the interrogation room, where a man sat at the table facing the opposite wall. He turned when he heard Sherlock come through the door.
“Of course I’m right,” Sherlock scoffed quietly. “Is there any particular reason you called me in for this case?”
“If Callie doesn’t report it, then the investigation doesn’t pass the stuck window off as a coincidence and it becomes evidence. It helps us figure out how the Killer got in,” Lestrade understood. “But if it gets fixed…”
There was an audible sigh before he continued, “No, I just thought you might like to know that we’re releasing John Watson a night early so that he can attend the funeral tomorrow, as agreed. I’m requiring he be accompanied by an officer at all times- unless you want to do it.”
“What was the purpose of making it appear as if the windows in Callie Rogers’s room didn’t open? Why go to the trouble? I mean, as long as you’re careful not to leave fingerprints or be seen, knowing that you came in through the window doesn’t tell the police much. Clearly it doesn’t, or we wouldn’t be so stuck. Why did the killer want us to think he didn’t use the window?”
“No prints on the knife, but I don’t think it’ll matter. Watson sent the texts, he has no alibi even though footage shows him leaving his apartment about a half hour before the crime- thanks for the tip, by the way- and now his mobile is found with the knife? I’m thinking this is almost over.”
Sherlock Holmes was not merely high on the night that Zachary Wells drowned in the local lake. No, he was, in fact, so far beyond “high;” he was soaring on different planes of existence, feeling colors, lost in spiraling thoughts. The word “high” did not begin to cover how supremely fucked-up he was.
I got to the house at around seven o’clock and was greeted at the door by Marcus. He led me to the living room, where Katie and Callie had taken over the couch. They were in t-shirts and sweatpants with their hair up in those high, messy buns- it made them look young, especially with how they were giggling. They looked more like thirteen year olds at a slumber party than two grown women, one of whom is five months pregnant (Did I forget to tell you that Katie’s pregnant? I remember you asking about her but I think I forgot- sorry). I mean all that in a good way- they just made everything seem so calm and fun, it was like being really young again. It feels good to remember Callie like that- so happy and carefree.
Lestrade sighed and led Sherlock back to his desk, opened a file and pulled out a page of the transcriptions:
This was meant to be a sign of forgiveness- don’t worry about being late, because even if you won’t let me help you, I’m not really mad. Predictably, Sherlock brushed it off. “I’m a fast reader, Lestrade. I’ll have it done in no time.” And with no further farewells he turned, leaving the station with his head down and walking briskly, in a hurry to get home to his bed and his coke stash.
“That would never hold up for long though.” Sherlock was muttering now, already in the process of blocking out Lestrade and diving into his mind palace. Something here was off. What did he have? The crime scene… the texts… everything Watson had told him… what other students had told him… the phone and the knife… She didn’t scream- no, not that. Katie was pregnant- irrelevant for now- the mobile phone. The texts….
The inspectors had been right about her wounds: her arms showed signs of a struggle. She had defended her body with her left arm, but something about the pattern of cuts on her right arm suggested she was reaching out towards the attacker. Was she trying to wrestle the knife away? To take something else from him? Or maybe, if she knew him well enough… she was trying to reason with him.
“And on Monday, it looks like she progressed through a normal day of classes and stayed in for the rest of the night. I would guess that whatever incident caused the killer to begin plotting happened on one of these events. Saturday will be the hardest to investigate. I don’t think a stranger did this, so we’ll have to ask Katie if they ran into someone they knew, without ruling out that Katie herself could be the killer- as could anyone from the small party on Sunday night, which we’ll also ask Katie about, and hopefully the other two as well. If you can get me a copy of her class schedule and the list of students enrolled in each, I will personally talk to as many of them as possible tomorrow.”
“I was indisposed,” he said, which meant, I was too high to set my alarm last night and subsequently woke up several hours late and feeling like shit.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Well, the murderer is someone who knows that Callie had her window stoppers out, so he knows getting in without being seen on camera will be easy. The problem is, how can he throw investigators off his trail? He wants to plan it so that he’ll be able to make it look like he
“Spare the pleasantries, please. I already know that everyone thinks that I’m unpleasant and a freak, all right? I’ve heard those things my entire life and they don’t bother me anymore. All that matters is that I’m the unpleasant freak that you believe.”
It occurred to him then that he hadn’t yet heard voices. He was some distance away, but if the two fighting men had been yelling, he would have heard them clearly. The fight was clearly escalating- where was the yelling?
“I was… drunk. And I didn’t really know what was what until I heard that someone really had drowned but then I remembered seeing your face… Look, I know it wouldn’t hold up in court or anything, but I know what I saw and I intend to follow up on it.”
Hope you enjoyed and thank you so much to those of you who commented/bookmarked/left kudos on the last chapter- I really wasn't expecting that much attention on this, especially not for the first chapter! I'm hoping to have the next chapter to you guys on Monday! Have a great weekend!
After dinner we talked about Katie’s baby shower for a while- Callie wanted to make sure everything was right. She tried to get Marcus involved too, but he said guys didn’t go to showers, which is a shame, actually- it sounded kind of fun. Katie wanted tacos and karaoke- and Cassie kept threatening to make it a surprise party. Katie hates surprises. She actually said at one point that the part she was most scared of was when she was so far along that the baby could come ‘at any moment;’ we thought that was funny. Callie said she hoped the she (the baby- it’s a girl by the way) came earlier rather than later though, that she couldn’t wait to meet her and buy her clothes and watch her grow up… and Marcus kept talking about getting the nursery ready… sorry, I think I’m just rambling. I don’t think any of this could be useful, it’s just that, I guess this is easiest to remember because it’s sad to think about it now, knowing that Callie won’t be there. Hell, maybe I won’t be there- things aren’t looking good for my case, are they?
“A woman in real distress could have screamed much louder than that. However, the tape shows that no one so much as opened a door at the time of the murder. Callie didn’t scream for help. This is why I believe that she knew and trusted her killer. A stalker may have been able to pull off the entry and exit, but if a stranger comes through a girl’s window while she’s in her room, she would be able to scream and run out before he got his footing inside. No, Callie let her killer in through the window. From there, he presumably began acting erratically, causing her to try to leave the room. At this point he catches her, stabbing her in the back before she screams.”
“It is generally preferable that you don’t divulge details of the case with anyone not affiliated with the investigation.”
As he pondered this newest mystery, Sherlock began searching the rest of the room. He started with the boxes under her bed, which only contained some shoes and purses, moved on to the wardrobe, and finally ended up in her desk drawers. There was no obvious evidence, but he did find her day planner.
“No. If anything she seemed happier. She said a few times that she had a lot coming up but it’s close to finals so that didn’t seem out of the ordinary.”
“Not too badly. Something was definitely going on with Callie- maybe her blog will help with that. I was talking to Watson again before you arrested him.”
“Sure- but just so you know, the tech guys sent you the link to Rogers’s blog this morning. You can work on that from home, so you can just show up when you’re done looking through it.”
He ran into the same problem each time he tried to talk to one of the friends she’d sit with. When he explained that he was helping the police with the investigation, they were touched and eager to thank him, but as soon as he tried to ask them questions, they suddenly had a class to run off to. Most of their answers were the typical platitudes one would expect in regards to a recently deceased acquaintance.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but was too tired and sullen to argue. He got a sandwich from the nearest café and was back at Lestrade’s desk in record time. “I can eat while I work.”
“One of them wouldn’t open at all, but we already looked into it- it’s been like that for nearly a week, Callie reported it to the residence staff.”
I can’t remember everything we talked about over dinner, but it really wasn’t anything important. Classes and work and all the usual stuff. Katie recommended a movie- something American, I think. Callie ranted for a bit about a lab partner she found obnoxious- but in a funny way, just telling stories. The girls are were always the life of the party.
“One of them locked-door cases, isn’t it? There’s only one door in and no one comes in or out anywhere near the time of the murder.”
Again, sorry for the long wait! Next week is Spring Break, so I promise you won't have to wait so long this time!
“As a matter of fact, I do. Besides, all the evidence you have here is circumstantial.” Sherlock began walking away, down the hall, clearly intent in his decision: “I’ll need to investigate this more.”
I mean you have a right to be mad I guess but you aren’t acting like yourself? And I thought we were ok?
“Hey! We couldn’t get anything today because Watson is insisting on talking to you. And we were the ones who found the weapon and the phone yesterday.”
That face… He remembered it clearly now, that last look at the man in the moonlight, the man who had drowned Zachary Wells. It was him, and he was sitting here suspected of murdering someone else- someone, Sherlock remembered, that he couldn’t possibly have murdered because he was miles away, by the lake…
“It’s possible but we couldn’t find any evidence- we checked her mouth for fibers and there’s no marks on her face to suggest that anything was tied around her head.”
“Slashing her face once she was already dead- this murderer was angry. He may have planned carefully, but I’m not sure such a person would have the patience to plan this for a long time. He would have wanted to take action as soon as possible. You said she reported the stuck window nearly a week ago- what day was it specifically?”
Asking if she was seeing anyone did yield some interesting answers. No one was exactly sure, but they all admitted that Callie had a taste for the bad boys. Thinking that anyone under suspicion of two murders would qualify as a ‘bad boy,’ Sherlock asked if they knew anything about John Watson, but suddenly the trail went cold. Almost everyone he asked said that the two seemed to like each other as friends only. “I always thought he might be into guys,” one of Callie’s few male friends added.
“Well it’s a bloody dorm hall Lestrade, if she’d screamed someone would have come. Look at the video- no one even walks into the hall to investigate.”
“He put a lot of work into it for it to just be something to play with our heads. To me… it feels like he wanted to make us believe something. We were supposed to… I don’t know, come up with a different theory.”
“Mm, yes, but he somehow managed to do so without allowing her to scream loudly enough to draw the attention of her neighbors.” Without warning Sherlock shouted, “Help! Please, somebody help me!”
Hope you enjoyed- I promise the next chapter will finally move on to Tues. the 15th and also have more direct interaction between Sherlock and John. I think that will be up either Thursday night or Friday!
He sighed as he covered the body up and left the morgue. He supposed that the love bite was an important discovery- but it was so faded, and there was always the chance it was just a strangely located bruise. It was coming up to half noon and he couldn’t truthfully say he had learned anything new today.
“But don’t you think it’s weird? Up until now he’s been so careful and all of a sudden he just leaves evidence at the scene of the crime while police activity is so high? Why wouldn’t he just throw it into some random dumpster?”
Still, another part of him couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something deeper here. It wasn’t just the simultaneous murders or even that they were both connected to John Watson. There was another connection now- neither Callie Rogers or Zachary Wells had screamed, despite fighting their killer before the fatal incident occurred. What had stopped them? Maybe it wasn’t just a coincidence that John Watson was a suspect in both crimes- Sherlock had deduced he was generally nonviolent- had he been tricked? Was Watson a serial killer, one who had a way of keeping his victims silent?
He sent a quick text to Lestrade (“Finished blog. Doing more research but will send a report by tonight- SH.”) and then sat in front of his computer and started looking up Wells.
“He might be innocent. I’m willing to hear out your theory, but I need actual evidence. You should know that! I mean, what’s with you these days? You hate it when people get theories so stuck in their heads that they can’t see around them; now you have a hunch that Watson killed Wells and you’re letting it affect your judgment of this investigation!”
John I’m so sorry- I really never meant for you to get into trouble. What I did WAS selfish and so stupid. Is there anything I can do to make it up to you??
He turned to see none other than John Watson himself waving at him, alone at one of the smaller, four-seat tables along the wall. Unsure of what else to do, Sherlock walked over to him.
Obviously, he had to find whatever man she was planning on running away with, whether it was John Watson, Marcus, or an entirely new player in this little game. How to go about it?
Sherlock brushed off the gratitude, instead continuing with his plan of action. “Her planner also mentions a blog which she appears to have updated regularly. I’m assuming her computer has already been taken into evidence- please have whoever’s put in charge of it find her blog and email me the link. What she wrote in her last days could prove crucial.”
“You are! And you’re acting differently. I mean, you were always an arsehole, but it used to be because you cared about the cases. Now you’re showing up late, keeping information to yourself… and you look terrible. Is something going on?”
“So two people closely connected to you died mysteriously on the same night and you want me to believe that it’s just a… coincidence?”
“Oh right- those. Look, I think this is all a misunderstanding. Callie’s my friend, we’ve been friends for a long time- or, or we ‘were’ friends, I guess. I was just mad that night.”
Sherlock sighed and let his head fall back. He knew that he should try to work some more- interrogate Watson again, at least. But he was tired and more importantly, he was jonesing. “Alright. See you tomorrow then?”
“Well there was an… incident- sorry, I- I don’t understand. Aren’t you an officer? Don’t you have a file or something?”
At first, Sherlock was comforted when he saw the shorter man crouch down next to the water, extending his arm out to the other man. “See,” thought Sherlock, “the violent outburst was unlike him, because you were right about him, because you always are. They’re making up now. He must be apologizing, pulling him out of the water. They’ll go back to their boring lives.”
“But look at this one- “You were willing to kill my career, after all…” This one even has proper grammar- the person who wrote this wasn’t angry about his or her career- they have no emotional attachment to that idea. They had a different motive and instead of arguing, we should be trying to figure out what it is! Why else would we find Watson’s mobile so easily- whoever used it to send these still had it. They wanted us to find it.”
“Zach? I figure I’ll worry about that after all this stuff with Callie is done. Do you have any evidence- why do you even suspect me? It didn’t seem like anyone else did.”
We just got our papers. I'll be posted with the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers. Whatever that means. We'll learn more tomorrow. A few of the other blokes have been commandeered to the same battalion. They are nice enough chaps, good company. Not as smart as you, of course. God, I miss you. I'd really like to know what you could tell me about my comrades or the officers! Who drinks too much, who has a gambling habit, who meets his mistress in High Wycombe...
“Jesus, Sherlock...” John feels his balls tighten but Sherlock must have sensed how close John is because he removes his fist from John's shaft, only to pull John's arse more effectively apart, now that he can use both his hands.
“Why? Are you in a hurry?” Mycroft Holmes frowns, looking suddenly so very much like Sherlock that it hurts.
John shakes his head but he knows that Sherlock can see how affected he is. He hates himself but can't help it.
But William just shrugs, takes the box and starts going through it again. “Look, here's a photograph.”
“Is that a general question or are you alluding to something specific?” Sherlock tries not to sound aloof but seems to fail, for John sighs in exasperation. “Both.”
“Gorgeous. Beautiful. A bit too thin, though.” John grins smugly, staring up at the ceiling, his hands interlocking behind his head. Sherlock swats him on his upper thigh, then nuzzles even closer. “I got a mysterious telegram that told me to come here, in fact.” John confesses, giggling, gasping for breath.
Sherlock ignores the detective (divorced because he used to beat up his wife, unfit for military service due to a lame leg and a severe drinking habit, fancies very young girls despite his erectile dysfunction) who's asking him derogatory questions as an excuse for a formal police interview. He seems more interested in hurling slurs at Sherlock than in establishing the facts that led to his arrest and becomes rather frustrated and shouty when Sherlock doesn't rise to the bait. Sherlock tunes him out as best he can, thinking instead about the new violin sonata he's practising (which John likes) and an experiment on mould cultures he likes to pursue (which John dislikes).
They lie face to face in the darkness, uncertain and slightly intimidated, listening to each other's breathing.
No chance. I'm lying awake in the middle of the night. It's too hot. Well, that, and I miss you. I wonder where you are, if you are back in England, if you still think of me... Perhaps you found someone else? Someone good and steady. I wish for you to be happy, John, you deserve it. God, I sound like a maudlin idiot. I'll shut up now. Do not forget me.
William ignores John’s jibe. “And there is John.” He points out a small dapper figure standing a few feet apart from the group, almost hidden by a pillar. It's obviously the same man as in the photograph taken in Brighton twenty years earlier. His hair is still full, though the grainy black and white picture, yellowed with time, is too blurred to draw more conclusions about his looks.
John meets her at Speedy's the next day. He's just on his way to see his therapist but wants to grab a coffee first (of course, there's not a drop of milk up in the flat, as neither John nor Sherlock had bothered to get some; but given he found something to eat last night, John thinks he shouldn’t push his luck). She's standing in the line in front of him – small, ginger, delicate curves – and orders a soy Latte. As she's served, she turns bright beet root and – while frantically searching through her purse –  stutters helplessly: “Sorry, I just … oh, no, I thought I had at least a fiver on me... my flatmate must have taken it... I'm so sorry...” She trails off, utterly embarrassed.
Or that he doesn't eat anything except plain yoghurt and dry toast; he'd never been a keen eater anyway.
It's eventually getting spring. My cough is a little better, but now my leg hurts again. I'm a wreck. Yet I don't want to complain. Having seen what I saw, I have to say I'm lucky. Only, I'm so hungry all the time. I can't sleep because my stomach hurts. Let's hope that March will bring some improvement of our situation. When we can't sleep, we tell each other what we will eat when we get back home. I dream of very simple stuff: bread and butter pudding, carrot cake with thick, sweet icing, hot cross buns with melted butter, an orange. I have to stop now, I'm starting to feel dizzy.
“John... what...,” Sherlock grunts, perplexed and confused. “John... watch out... what are you doing?”
Witnessing Sherlock using the f-word brings John's world to an abrupt halt. He slowly walks over to his flatmate and tentatively puts a hand on his bony shoulder.
John can feel Sherlock's cock swell and pulse inside him. It's unbelievable. John knows only the giving side of this which intensifies his new experience even more.
When he found John sleeping next to him in the early hours, his heart skipped a beat. Perhaps his observations had been incorrect? Based on insufficient data or inaccurate initial conditions?
John, by now rather peeved, just shakes his head, shrugs, then leaves to meet Stamford for a pint or two at Mike's local. It's a pleasantly normal afternoon, as they talk shop and rugby while downing some not too fancy craft beers.
John remembers his therapy sessions after he'd been discharged, an invalid, lonely, without purpose. He thinks about his own upbringing, his parents, Harry. He thinks about Afghanistan. “But... not you. You weren't supposed....” John's voice is hoarse with emotion. He can't go on.
I miss you. I desperately want to touch you. Instead, I push my hand inside my drawers and have a sad wank now and then when I'm alone in my tent. Others are not so discreet, I'm afraid. The things I've seen since my arrival... I tell you all about it back in London. Some boys have contracted rather nasty pubic lice from the brothels they've visited in Cairo or Alexandria. Now they literally have an itch. They blush and stutter when they come to see me, it's almost endearing.
“Was beginning to think you weren’t coming,” Lestrade said drily when Sherlock stalked in at a quarter to noon.
“Shouldn’t do that. Leading investigators is one of the most problematic practices in the field of detective work. Our suspect will henceforth be referred to as ‘the murder,’ although feel free to spice things up with ‘the killer’ if that gets a bit dull for your easily distracted little minds.”
In the hall, at least fifteen students were staring at Callie’s room, most muttering as though they were trying to make a decision, while a few were already heading directly for them. “False alarm,” Loman assured the kids, and they shuffled away, confused.
It ended there- no punctuation or final sentiment about how tragic her death was. Sherlock sighed. Figures, with his luck today, that there was nothing useful in the story. Then again, he had asked the main suspect, so he couldn’t really expect this to be fully truthful. Guilty or innocent, Watson wasn’t going to admit to anything incriminating, especially now that he’d officially been taken into custody.
Sherlock arrived at the station on Monday with a clear head and a working dose of cocaine running through his bloodstream. Saturday he’d spent getting high, Sunday he’d spent coming down, and he was glad to have been called onto a case- he was getting bored.
“The murder of Callie Rogers, specifically the text messages you sent her on the night of the attack,” Sherlock answered briskly, closing the door and sitting down.
John stared at him for a minute. “I… I have a couple of problems with that, Mr. Holmes. The first, obviously, was that it didn’t happen The second is that if you did see someone drowning someone else, why you wouldn’t tell anyone about it?”
from killing Rogers. Sherlock pulled out the address he’d pulled from Watson’s file. It took another half hour to walk to his flat.
Still, it would be useful to know whether he was an actual dealer; intent to distribute just meant he’d been carrying a certain amount when he was caught. The drugs themselves varied. When he was seventeen, it was meth. Next time, cocaine and a few pills. The third time, a little bit of everything.
“When we last met, you mentioned something about her wanting to get expelled. Can you… elaborate on that? Was she behaving differently? Did she say anything?”
“He would’ve needed to plan a bit- and she didn’t necessarily report right away- I’d say our killer started planning this somewhere from Saturday to Monday,” Sherlock said, mostly to himself as he flipped to the corresponding pages in her planner. “Let’s see… Saturday she went shopping with someone named Katie?”
“Let’s see- didn’t see her last Saturday. We hung out with Katie and Marcus on Sunday. Monday it was just lunch, Tuesday we studied together- in the library- and then had dinner. Wednesday and Thursday it was just at lunch. And Friday- the night before it happened- I went out for drinks with a few other friends and ran into her and Katie there. They left at about eleven, though. Don’t know if they went straight home.”
Memories flooded Sherlock- he hadn’t deleted them, but they had been lost in the haze of his high. Even now, they came back in distant flashes. A crouching shadow, arm held out over the water, pressing a head down. That shadow turning to the light- but that face was so blurry. “Drowned?” he repeated.
but we don’t have any evidence linking Watson to Wells’s death or that Wells was murdered in the first place. He was drunk, there are no signs of a struggle…”
“No, we can’t. He’s obviously going to say he lost it if you give him the chance to. He’s already been arrested.”
He was walking back to his residence hall, but stopped near the lake, his drug-addled brain trying to convince him that it was a good idea to go for a spontaneous midnight swim alone in the dark and fully dressed. He might have done it, too, except that he saw two people already standing on the edge of the water. Sherlock, being rather averse to social interaction even when he had the mental capacity to behave like a law-abiding citizen, decided to keep his distance.
ur such a selfish bitch you just take whatever u want and dont give a fuck about how it affects any1 else
you trying to help me? You’re being awfully nice to someone who was just yesterday interrogating you under suspicion of murdering a close friend.”
Sherlock pulled the sheet off of Callie Rogers’s corpse and looked at her the way he looked at every dead person (and many live ones): first, her death, then, her.
“You’re welcome,” Lestrade sighed tiredly as he walked away, knowing that was the closest thing to a ‘thank you’ he was ever going to get from Sherlock Holmes.
“First floor, actually, but the windows don’t open more than a few centimeters. What do you make of that?”
“Wow. Well, what kind of biology classes are you taking? You’d think we’d cross paths in anatomy classes, at least.”
“Stop!” he interrupted, physically wincing. “I don’t have time to be amused right now. Can we move this ludicrous conversation to a later date? I promise I will have hour after hour of quick remarks about how extensively dim-“
We had the TV on in the background, but I don’t remember what we were watching. We each had a couple drinks throughout the night (except Katie, of course), but we weren’t drunk. I did notice Marcus got a little quieter towards the end, but eventually he told us he had a headache, so that was probably it. Callie and I left to let them get some rest.
use the windows. So his primary concern is jamming one of the windows, but he has to be careful with timing. He needs the incident to be reported to maintenance, but not fixed.”
Except that the second man didn’t emerge from the water as the seconds passed. The first man’s hand was reaching out.
“He had too much to drink and thought he’d go for a swim. I have to sign off that no foul play is suspected.”
“We found the murder weapon in some bushes near the victim’s dorm hall. Along with Watson’s mobile.”
“His plan falls apart altogether. He could jam it again, or jam one of the others, but that would definitely raise suspicion, especially if he kept doing it in ways which where obviously intentional. Fortunately for him, all goes to plan. On the night of the murder, he removes the jam from the third window and is able to enter through any of the three as none are blocked in any way. He has now completed step one of his mission, which is get into Callie’s room unseen. Once he reaches step three, leaving unseen, he simply replaces the track locks on the first two windows, exits out of the third, and then jams it again from the outside, hoping to convince detectives that the locks and the jam have been there the whole time.”
“And are you going to tell me that them both knowing him and dying on the same night isn’t extremely suspicious?”
