“Why are, why are you telling me this now?” Castiel said, heedless of the tears threatening to spill. “Why wait so long?
“You have some time yet,” Missouri said from the kitchen. She was peeling potatoes. “Give yourself a semester before you commit.”
After the half-sarcastic chorus of “aw”s that she got in response, Dean realized that all over again he was the odd one out, because she was clearly a former teacher and they all knew who she was. Perfect.
“I’m so sorry, Dean, I’ve been remiss in my hosting duties. Come sit and I’ll build you a fire.” He stepped around the tables between them and cupped Dean’s elbow, leading him back to the lounge area.
My right ear scraped a buckle.
“…What? Dean—”
Dean forgot to breathe. A blush swept across his face.
As a new round of introductions began, Dean grabbed his beer back from Victor and downed the rest of it in one go.
“What is it?”
So he scrubbed his face that first morning, put on a ratty band t-shirt and worn jeans, hopped into the clunker of a car Bobby had helped him fix up, and strolled in a little before 8am to find a teacher he didn’t recognize from the past school year. She smiled at him and said an even “Good morning,” and that’s how Dean met Missouri Moseley.
Dean choked down a squawk.
“No it’s fine,” said Dean. “I just, I didn’t know you were coming.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Poetry. You can say it.”
Billy Joel -
“I’m not coming to drag you back into the life, Sammy,” said Dean, losing his patience at last. “I get it, okay? You want nothing to do with me. But if something from the life has found you, it’s good to have backup.” He paused. Tried a smile for size, enough so that Sam could hear it. “And then you can introduce Jess to your hotter brother.”
“I mean it,” he said, almost pleading. He dug into his jean pocket and took out the bow tie Dean had given him, dangling it from his fingers. “This is me, too, just as much. I’ll always be a nerd, Dean.”
Still, the view was pretty.
“Shut. Up,” Dean growled, surging forward to pull Cas back up the bed. He kissed him wildly, fiercely, shoving Cas’s boxers down in the scramble, and as they settled on their sides Dean snuck a hand between them to find Cas’s cock. Castiel gasped and his eyelids fluttered, but instead of making Dean feel more in control it just made him more desperate. He must have made some kind of noise because Cas’s eyes snapped open and he darted forward for a short, biting kiss. Then, eyes locked with Dean’s, he brought up his hand and licked his own fucking palm. Holy fuck. When he was satisfied with how wet it was he reached down to thread it under Dean’s. Taking their entwined fingers he pulled Dean’s dick against his own in the circle and Dean moaned at how incredible it was, the hot, silken feel of their cocks sliding together, their hands' rough callouses, the sloppiness of Cas’s spit all over everything.
that matters.”
After another minute of this Sam rolled his eyes. “Let’s just play it, Dean.”
After that Bobby encouraged him to just walk around past the first row and see what else there was. He would tell him make and model if asked, but refused to give another history until Castiel had picked his top five. Sam, on the other hand, kept up a running commentary of the sorts of people who drove each car and, now and then, things that Dean had said about them. Cas did his best to drown him out; he wasn’t interested in what other people thought, especially Dean. As long as Bobby said the car would serve him well, then that was the best criterion for a purchase.
was a view) and started up the engine. Dean bit his lip; he’d left enough room on the seat for Dean to sit behind him. It just struck him as strange, for up to the point where he’d first seen this guy ride, all his fantasies had Dean as the driver: a girl or guy riding shotgun in the Impala or, sure, who doesn’t dream of riding a bike once or twice? Dean liked driving, being in control. This guy, he reminded himself, has control. He knows the rules of riding so well he could break them outside a fucking bowling alley.
“Course not,” Dean muttered. “But that’s different.”
. Even beekeepers wore protective suits and Dean sure as hell wasn’t taking any chances. Different parts of the Mullen land were used for different hives and different crops of flowers for them to pollinate, along with patches of prairie ripe with wildflowers, though nothing was blooming yet. Another portion, though, was used for more traditional crops, and that’s the direction Dean headed. It was a relatively small portion, but big enough once you were taking care of all of it yourself.
He sighed and plucked up his phone, tapping out a quick email to Missouri to set up a time for Dean to meet with this Novak guy. Only when it was sent could Dean find his way to sleep.
They nodded at each other, and Dean drove home.
“Yeah!” he shouted, excited again.
Within the month, that choice was taken out of his hands.
“But if it’s not a lie?” Dean asked quietly.
Her matching lingerie is pink.
The wind pushed back immediately when he stepped outside. He considered taking Baby for a moment, but the drive was hardly worth it when it’d take less than a minute. The rain pelted him in earnest when he left the shelter of the cabin porch and out into the open of road. Small puddles were forming here and there where the asphalt was uneven, and his boots splashed through them as he took up a light jog. The water soaked his cuffs and trickled in to wet his bare feet. Despite his collar being tight against the back of his neck the rain slid its cold fingers down his nape. Dean picked up the pace.
“I’m not sure how you think I can help. You didn’t keep any contacts?”
“No,” Dean breathed.
Dean laughed. “I
The man turned as she said it, and wow. Dean had been picturing some fusty old professor with a white beard in a tweed jacket and elbow patches. This guy was only a few years older than Dean himself, was almost his height, and was clean shaven but for a bit of stubble which Dean probably liked a little too much. And his eyes—he had blue, blue eyes.
The back door creaked open and Dean jumped, but wasn’t quick enough to hide the books. He must have been sitting out there longer than he’d thought, because Bobby and Rufus were done cleaning up.
Donna hesitated, but then: “Let’s just enjoy our breakfast.”
“Not that this isn’t entertaining,” sneered the other man, “but get done with it. Our bosses both want the same thing, and they want it
“You were stupid for the right reasons.” Of that, Castiel was certain. Dean’s true loyalty was to his family and a few poor decisions didn’t make that any less the case. “And did protect them. By saving yourself.”
After another minute of etching the sight in his memory, the willow on the left bank perpetually weeping into the water, the sparrows circling their nest in the eaves of one of the buildings, the water foaming and sparkling as it joyfully tumbled under their feet, Cas pulled at his arm, and Dean let him.
. “You make me feel like a natural woman…” By the time they reached the end of the song, they were both belting so loud it practically drowned out the music. They even sang through the fade out, tumbling into laughter as the next song started.
Dean was alone again.
“Expand on that,” Cas encouraged.
Utter silence.
Robert Plant’s plaintive singing stretched between them; the fire cracked and raged against the storm that surrounded them. Dean let his eyes rove around the room, though Castiel’s barely blinked.
classic, if you know what I mean.”
Dean wanted to fob off the question, tell him it was just because Missouri said so, but something about the way Castiel presented it so simply and honestly stopped Dean from being glib. “I know how to work,” he said at last. “But why do you want to work so hard with me if I’m just auditing? Don’t you have to worry about the real students?”
“Dean,” Cas breathed, a weak protest.
“Not that much to see,” said Dean.
“What big plans did he need my help for? Who keeps breaking the defenses around Paradise Cove?”
“Yes. The Dakotas have the biggest honey agriculture in the country. I thought I’d maybe want to learn. So I drifted around until I fell in with the Mullens, who needed the help for…a longer term.”
One day, he’d had enough. He was sick of being at home where it was boring and no one ever paid attention to him anyway; he wanted to keep exploring, have more adventures. And if he was going to have an adventure, then he was going to have to get past the bump.
“Just try it. If you like it, after we read Ralph Ellison I might squeeze in some poetry and see if we can get the whole class writing. Then you can get in some practice. And if you don’t like it, what’s the harm?”
As if on cue, a guitar shrieked into life.
“Good. That’s—” Dean backed away, bumping into his chair and stumbling further toward the door. “That’s. Yeah. Good.” He groped for the door jamb behind him, and stumbled backward through the swinging door.
“Styles, forms. Sonnet, sestina, terza rima?”
Dean snatched his away from his neck. He hadn’t even noticed.
Castiel raised his eyebrow.
“Because it has one of the best races to the finish of any song in modern times. And it seems fitting.” He raised an eyebrow, thumb hovering over the wheel.
“It might surprise you to know, Miss Chambers, that the university also takes a break during the summer,” Dr. Moseley responded dryly. “And I thought I’d come see how y’all were doing.”
“Not a chance.”
The house where the women of Wayward lived was messy, but thankfully not dirty. It was the mess of young adults, jackets and the like strewn here and there, but no evidence of bacchanalia or any other behavior that would have Cas worried. Not that he necessarily had the right to worry over Claire and her bandmates, but she
When Castiel did finally bring the idea up to Sam halfway through a grand Christmas brunch, just to see if he thought enough students would be interested, his response was so enthusiastic the whole table started getting involved. Soon his phone was being passed around and people were putting in their numbers and chatting about this hardware store and that and—well, after being a student teacher for a semester he never thought he’d ever see people excited about group work again. Even Dean added his number, though he waited until the subject had changed and Cas was scrolling through and looking at all his new contacts. He snatched it out of Cas’s hand and typed quickly under the table. “Just in case,” he mumbled, and tossed it back.
“Sure, kid,” Dean sighed.
Dean bit his bottom lip. He put his notebook back in his bag and layered the flap back over it. “It’s just prose. And I have you anyway. What does it matter?”
Castiel could guess. That car meant a lot to Dean, and handing her over seemed like a protective gesture. “That was nice of you.”
“Here I go,” said Jake, taking a step forward. Sam and his friends whooped into an ever higher pitch as he swung his arm back and let go. The ball spun and spun toward one of the pins—which skittered across the lane and took the other one out with it. The whoop turned into cheers and screams, and such was the celebration, Jake’s hands in the air and accepting high fives all around, that at first they didn’t notice Ava trying to get their attention.
“I was an accountant,” said Cas, deadpan.
In the third: I love him so fucking much.
Sam snorted.
“Yeah but, you’ve been the only one I’ve seen working since I got here. What about employees?” When Cas shook his head, Dean held back a growl. “What’s more important than helping out? When’s the last time you slept? I don’t get it.”
Alastair didn’t slow until the last second. A few people took steps back, but Dean stood his ground. He didn’t even look down to watch his toes as Alastair rolled to a stop, his front tire scant inches away from hitting him. “Get the fuck out of here,” he said, “before we bring out the shotguns.”
“Jack! Bath time!” Eileen yelled from the other room.
“Fine,” Charlie said, rolling her eyes. Billie just smirked as she let herself get guided closer the building. When they backed up as far as the flagpole, Dean figured that was good enough. He could feel their eyes on him even after he turned around. The Rider was idling at the curb, waiting.
“Hey. Uh, Kevin?”
The words thumped against his chest like a weight, squeezing his ribs tight. He ached for her. Didn’t know what to say except, “No annoying little brothers, huh?” Because he knew ‘sorry’ was in no way gonna cut it.
“No,” he said.
“Yes?”
Sam shrugged and shook his head. Dean slid his phone out of his pocket and a quick google landed him “My Papa’s Waltz” easily enough. He handed the phone over for Sam to read. Dean watched him carefully, but his face was neutral, only the slight movement of his eyes crossing back and forth over the lines. When Sam finished he tossed the phone at Dean and took a swig of his whiskey. “Sounds like Dad. Just as likely to laugh and tell stories when he drank as he was to yell you out of the room.”
Castiel was surprised to find himself smiling so hard it almost hurt. “That’s alright. I know how to work.”
“The poet is using dance as a conceit. It’s a metaphor for his father beating him.”
“Why are more people coming to your shows, do you think?” he asked her. “Is it that you’re playing more music from your own childhoods?”
'Cause nothing compares
After a beat, uncertain, Charlie asked, “Not your dad?”
“Hey, Sammy,” he said, and squeezed extra tight.
“I’m glad you like ‘em, don’t get me wrong,” he was quick to clear up. Dean took another bite and continued, “But it’s more my kind of thing. Surprising, is all.”
“Castiel?”
I’m nineteen. The ID I made
“IT’S OPEN,” she shouted over her shoulder.
Before he dragged it away Dean reached up to grab his wrist. “Hey,” he said. “You’re really busy, so don’t worry about me if you gotta take care of some of these other people first, okay?”
Kevin smiled. “Michigan. You?”
Castiel glanced down at the ledger as he took it back. “Thank you, Mr. Page.”
When the final bell rang and everyone leapt from their chairs without so much as a glance at their teacher—and usually Dean would be right with them—he dawdled because Charlie did. She shoved her many pens into her threadworn bag covered in the types of patches you get from gumball machines in restaurant lobbies for a quarter. Dean walked casually out the door, hands in pockets, and leaned on the lockers across the hall. Through the door he saw Dr. Moseley look up from her desk to smile at Charlie. “You made some great points today,” she said. “Don’t be afraid to speak up a little more, hm?”
“Teach me,” I beg
He smiled to himself, and followed.
“Let’s dance!” said Eileen.
She gave him what he’d always secretly thought of as her exasperated mom look. “Where else, Dean?”
Standing on the water was an invisible man.
“It was a little like having a kid named after you.”
He had to admit, it did warm him some when he and Bobby bickered good-naturedly over the grill on the patio out back, which had been shoveled for the occasion. There was no wind that evening, either, so everyone else bundled up and sat at the patio table or on camping chairs in the snow, and Charlie chased a screeching Jack around the backyard, both of them stumbling around in the drifts. Sam shored up a fire in the pit, and the aroma of freshly burnt wood and wet pine needles hung like a cloud over the yard.
, it began, rather pointedly, Castiel thought.
, his mind supplied. He brushed the thought away.) Dean’s response papers were improving by leaps and bounds, but Castiel was still no closer to figuring out where he’d come from, and why he’d ended up here. Missouri wasn’t being very forthcoming no matter how he asked questions, when usually she was very talkative indeed. It only made Castiel want to know
Dean looked down at his sandwich, lumpy and squished, but far more filling. “Man, I should have brought dessert. I’ll trade you half my sandwich for half your cookies.” Sammy liked his sandwiches cut diagonally, and so Dean had done the same to his own lunch that morning without thinking, and now he was grateful. He peeled the plastic wrap from the top without touching the food, and held it out to her in offering.
“Some party, Dean,” said Victor, examining the knife, but there was warmth beneath his customary smirk.
“O…kay?”
“Um. No,” said Cas.
Dean settled into the corner of the couch, bringing one of his knees up to rest on the cushion. “Why you?”
And when I’m soft, and sated,
The next morning Dean woke up to his phone’s alarm. “Ugh,” he groaned. Even though it wasn’t yet the holiday, the day Sam and Dean ‘moved in’ had always felt like a special occasion, and Karen and Bobby cooked like it. Maybe Dean shouldn’t have drunk all that eggnog, or eaten that last piece of pie. He fumbled for the sleep button and his phone quieted down. It was six am but still pitch black outside, it being the middle of winter, and it didn’t take much to have him drifting off back to sleep…
Sam grimaced. “Speaking of family, please, just call me Sam. Mr. Winchester sounds like my dad.”
Cas checked the timestamp; it’d been sent forty minutes ago, and even if he showered quickly he didn’t think he’d quite make it by noon.
, and
“Speaking indifferently to him,
Dean growled and cocked his arm for a punch, but several hands held him still. “Backup is coming,” Jody hissed.
“It does sound like a good thing, then,” said Dean quietly.
Slowly Sam sat up again, the lines of his body softening back into the helpful customer who offered him a hand at the farmer’s market. Affable, unassuming despite his size. Of course now that Cas knew better, he could see the hidden strength, both physical, and the kind that people carry who have figured out much of who they are. “I’d never have approached you if they hadn’t been singing your praises, Cas. You’ve got nothing to fear from me, unless you give me reason.” He finished off his mug. “Need a refill? Better drink what you can now, once the weather gets warm she’ll retire it ‘til fall.”
He turned in time to see Cas slide the album back in place on its shelf. That done he glanced at Dean, opened his mouth—
“Promise.”
“Tell Cas to come in after he finishes the section we discussed,” Cain said, circling past Dean. “I’m going back to the house. I’d better not find a body out there later,” he said. He seemed at least half serious.
“Maybe he didn’t either.”
Dean didn’t hear him. After Mary Oliver and Maya Angelou, there he was: Jack Allen.
Introductions were made again—Donna excitedly telling her foster daughters that Jack had also been adopted out of the foster system—which seemed to let the girls’ hackles down a little bit. That also explained why Missouri thought that all the adults would have a lot to talk about.
By the time Dean’s break rolled around Castiel’s papers had done their kudzu-crawl all over the formica table, two open high school textbooks sprawled on top of them. Must be a lesson planning day. Dean brought over a BLT for himself—extra B—and a slice of peach cobbler for Cas, who’d practically inhaled his cheeseburger after he’d arrived. Cas never got pissy about Dean moving around his mess like Sam did if he’d taken over the kitchen table; in fact he didn’t even look up as Dean made space for the plates. He discovered why when he excavated Cas’s phone from under a stack of quizzes. A cord was plugged into it, and Dean traced it up to find that Cas had earbuds in.
“It’s not
“The lighthouse. You passed it a few miles ago.”
Dean drew his gun and aimed for Brady, but Zachariah was faster. He waved his hand and the pistol went flying off the cliff. The man sighed. “This
Billie put a hand on her arm. “No, no. He’s digging his grave, let him lie in it.”
“Ms. Milton!” The principal was on the short side, with graying curly hair and an endless closet of khakis and cardigan sweaters. “And young Castiel! If you wouldn’t mind giving us a moment?”
“No.” The short word clipped the end of Dean’s question neatly. “It’s not safe.”
Colette was thinner than Dean was used to seeing her, but she still grinned with her whole self, face folding into plentiful laugh lines and spine leaning slightly back, like her joy was hard to contain. “I could hear her coming from a mile away.”
Dean was overcome with a wave of warmth for his little nephew. He didn’t know why the idea of his being important enough in Jack’s life that he’s entered into his play stories like his momma and daddy was so significant to him, but it sure meant something. It reminded him, too, that if he didn’t start driving back now he’d be late for dinner. It was kind of amazing he now had dinners in his life that he could be late for. He glanced over at Kevin, who looked relaxed, arms folded behind his head. “Thanks, Kevin,” he said, standing. “See you Tuesday.”
“All this time I was trying to get Castiel away from his post until I realized…he’d broken our number one rule. He broke our number one rule” —he held his arms out toward Dean— “with you.”
This was, quite clearly, not the sort of information Dean was after. He knew far more about cars than Castiel did, after all, and Castiel wouldn’t even know which one to lie about, if he’d been so inclined. Which he wasn’t. “No,” he said at last. “Not really.”
“All I see is the next morning,
He must have frozen, because Sam’s smile turned rueful. “Yeah, I know who you are. And I know you know who I am, too.”
Right?
Dean opened his mouth, closed it. “Shut up.”
And finally, Dean looked at Cas.
, he replied.
“Roughhousing,” her twin, Max, supplied.
With Jack off at daycare and nothing else to distract him with heavy December snowfall keeping him inside, he inevitably found himself with notebook and pencil in hand. And for the first time since he’d started writing again, he wasn’t looking backward. He was awake now, wide awake, but—
Then the front door opened. Dean froze. He was out in the open, having drifted closer to the house than he’d thought. To his surprise it was Chuck that came barreling out of the house, in an old shirt and boxers and a ratty-looking robe untied and billowing as he strode down the steps. Two tall men walked more sedately after him, one white and one black, both a strong contrast to Chuck in sharp dark suits. One of these men said something Dean couldn’t catch while Chuck yelled over his shoulder to leave him alone. Then they all saw Dean, and they froze too.
Dean’s blush deepened. He cleared his throat. “Depends on what you like to do for fun, I guess.”
“Yeah, yeah, yuck it up wiseguy,” said Dean as Cas laughed some more. “Let’s see how much you’re laughing when we listen to your ipod, huh?” His stomach rumbled. “After you feed me.”
“She musta lived to be a ripe old age, then."
“Tch,” said Dean, adjusting his flannel. “I’m not in a dry spell.”
Quick as lightning, Castiel grabbed Chuck’s shirt with one hand and pulled him close again. “The car. Was it a Chevrolet Impala manufactured in 1967?”
Cas did not let on that he could guess that
Missouri smiled indulgently. “And you always knew never to say anything, because you really wanted those brownies.”
. He wrote
Dean took a quick breath and switched from staving off one arm to the other. The one around his neck squeezed and Dean choked, putting all the last of his energy toward pushing away the knife. Victor and Sam leapt into action, but Sam was faster; he threw himself to their side and pulled the arm with the knife away, hands squeaking in the leather of Alastair’s jacket, face contorted in a grimace. Victor darted in and twisted Al’s wrist so that the weapon fell neatly into his palm. Spots were popping in Dean’s eyes, but he saw enough; with one last, almighty tug he pulled at the arm choking him and knocked his head back into Alastair’s already tender nose. He both felt and heard the crush of it breaking, causing Alastair to howl and give some slack.
Walking across the cabin, his nakedness didn’t bother him despite all the uncovered windows. Everything felt as peaceful and quiet as Castiel had promised. He dug through his duffel for his last clean pair of socks and underwear, and pulled on his least disgusting shirt and jeans. He situated his gun and a couple of knives, then pulled on an open blue flannel and then his—his dad’s—old leather jacket to hide those shapes.
Cas froze as all eyes turned to him. Sam stood from his spot on the floor next to the tree and walked it over to the corner where he was sitting. It was a cheery-looking present with sparkling green paper and three red bows of various sized slapped on top. Sure enough, there was a tag on it that read his name in all caps. He took it, hesitantly; the box seemed about the size of a generic department store box, and it didn’t weight very much. “You didn’t have to. I wasn’t expecting—”
She lowered the book and gave him a thoughtful look. “Have you heard of this?”
Lily grinned. “I’ll take that action.”
“Then you,” whispered Dean, leaning in even more. When Cas again followed suit he covered the remaining inches to grab a quick kiss. “…got a deal.”
Then they said their goodbyes, and Cas made sure the door was well and locked behind them. The sun was beginning to rise so he pulled the shades on the windows, too. Then he walked back across the bar, his footsteps heavy in the sudden silence. He must have been drunker than he’d thought, though, because when he situated himself next to Dean on the pool table, it really wasn’t that bad. He threw one blanket over Dean, and arranged the other over himself.
When Castiel was a child, he’d had a blue bicycle. He’d been a small kid but his parents had bought something brand new, top of the line, and probably too much for Castiel to handle. And it had been, at first. No one had stood there with a guiding hand on his back, or helped him to keep the handlebars straight. They’d just plopped a helmet on his head—also too big—and told him to go play.
Castiel stood, then leaned down to lift Dean up under his shoulders. When Dean was swaying on his feet, he slung Dean’s arm around his neck and led him away from the water. The cliffs were actually climbable in this area, if very steep. Almost every other step Castiel supported his weight, effortlessly keeping him from tumbling back down into the water. When they finally reached the top and started walking along the edge, Dean realized that they’d been hiding behind the south side of the cove, of Paradise Cove.
“Get out of my car, Cas!”
At this his face lost some of the haughty veneer. Kevin lifted the packet to look at the page it was opened to, then dropped it back down, closing his eyes. “Yeah. You look at it yet?”
“Cas has been manning the CC’s Bees stand at the farmer’s market for months. He really is no longer in the business, and he never said a damn word to me about music until I brought it up. And I brought it up, because every time I ask you if you’d want to do some shows together, you say
It was true that Cas hadn’t been planning on it, but the nights when Sam and Eileen were there were always the best. They had the habit of staying until the bar closed and then helping the people actually on the payroll clean up, and with them Cas felt allowed to do the same. It was kind of like a party instead of work, people a little buzzed on beer or adrenaline or both, loopy from exhaustion, free with their laughter. Only Jo was still a bit stand-offish with him, as if he were an intruder in her family, or at least an unwelcome guest. She never sought to exclude him, though, and he had no doubt that if she really wanted him gone she’d make it so. And he did like spending time with everyone. Cas might not be family, but he thought he could count himself a friend.
He breathed in, took strength from the afternoon stillness. “Just wanted to show you something.” He reached his hand into his bag and took out his notebook. Carefully he turned the pages, bypassing the ones he’d written in those dark days, and landed on the one from last Thursday. The one about his father. He slid it across the desk to Missouri.
Dean could hear his Dad breathing on the line, though he didn’t speak. But he was under no illusions that the conversation was over. “You need any help, you call Pastor Jim.”
making the decisions I needed to make. I may have been a mathlete and it was a good challenge but I wasn’t in it for
It was nothing like the beach at Paradise Cove with small rocks and hidden agates. This was all big boulders that required you to climb and scramble over them to the shelves of relatively smooth dark rock at the waters edge. Some people splashed in the shallows but most were turned to the north, taking pictures of the cliff.
Would hide the hollow pits
Their surroundings were proof enough. “No argument there.”
“Missouri Moseley, as I said.” She was unperturbed. “I’m a psychic.”
Sam whistled and lifted his mug. “To sobriety.” Cas tapped it with his own, and they both drank another bracing swallow. Sam cleared his throat. “I used to wonder sometimes if things would’ve been different if I’d signed with Garrison instead. But if your experience was typical…” He lifted his eyes, waiting.
.” She gave him a quick smile, eyes shining. “It was really, really hard. Some of the worst moments of my life. But I don’t regret a single second of it.” Then she looked him fully in the face. “Once she was gone, I would have done anything to have more time.”
The woods were different than the day before. The sunlight streamed through the openings in the trees, creating distinct golden beams that highlighted the greens and browns, little red and white flowers, small berries and dry underbrush. The dirt was already dry under his boots despite the storm, the roots that grew across the path no longer slippery. After descending down the hill the trees opened up and Dean found himself back in the direct sunlight. The rocks he had to climb over were warm under his hands as he hopped down from one to the next, and then he was back on the beach.
About the only time Cas didn’t refuse Dean’s help was after dinner when all the guests were gone. Then they’d take turns choosing records as they swept, mopped, and dusted the whole lodge. If sometimes rolling up the rug to sweep underneath became cutting a rug instead, well, that was their business.
and she roared to life, startling a couple grackles out of the trees edging the property. Castiel grinned, just from the feel of her running under him. Hearing the engine rev was just as exciting as it had been the first time. Though even that great sense of accomplishment was pushed aside because he knew the moment had finally come. He’d read the manual forward and backward, watched youtube tutorials, read all the do’s and don’t’s listicles. The only thing that was left was to ride. It was time to
“My brother Gabriel came to me after I released you,” he explained. “I had no vessel and had to hide in the lake so as not to harm anyone. I hid there for a couple of years until he brought me the building blocks of your newly born son.”
“Sure,” said Dean, and quickly scanned the books again. Since he was staying another night, he’d need something to do. So he picked up
Castiel shook his head. “A part of what?”
But then the music was taken over by the sound of a rumbling engine—
Dean rolled his eyes. “Fine. But the second I see him take his phone out to record us, my fist is rearranging his face. Got it?”
“Let’s pause this discussion for now,” the professor finally said. The students subsided. “Maybe after we read the second poem some of you might want to revisit your theories.” He tapped a button and a new slide appeared. “This next one was written in 1966 by Robert Hayden: ‘Those Winter Sundays.’ I’ll read it this time. I want you to really listen.
And the argument was up and running. Dean wondered at it, two grumpy old men in South Dakota—flannel-wearing, gun-toting, red meat-loving men, neither of whom went to college—bickering about what constituted good poetry. Did everybody read poetry? Was this some secret that Dean had, until now, been ignorant of?
“I’m not going to do that.”
Dean opened his eyes and rolled his head along the back of the couch to face his brother. “I won’t let him,” he admitted softly. “Haven’t even seen his face. His visor covers his eyes but not his mouth, so I can see that part but—oh my god. Mask, deep voice, cool ride, only active at night. He’s Batman.” Dean blinked up at the ceiling, stunned.
He scratched his jaw. He wondered what Cas was planning for dinner tonight in the lodge. He hoped that maybe if he checked his phone again he’d find a message from Sammy that he missed. He took it out and flipped it open.
Castiel added so many details, whether they’d been passed down to him or he embellished like any good storyteller would, too strange and specific Dean couldn’t help but believe they were true. The color of one person’s eyes, another their hair, the irregular pearls in a precious necklace, the unique hitch of his laugh, the sad droop of her mouth, the name of their dog, their cat, their damn horse. The rough, cracked hands of a miner, the weathered face of a sailor. People who were regulars, friends, or strangers from in and out of Minnesota, Star of the North. People who stayed for weeks or months. People who stayed a single night, never to return.
“Cas.” He took her hand and shook. There was none of Jo’s threat in it, nor Sam’s welcome. More a calm assessment.
“No,” Sam snapped. “This isn’t 2008, Dean, I’m not some drug-addled kid who can’t tell up from down anymore, alright?”
, could it?
He watched Signing Time videos with Jack, who each day was becoming more and more of a hilarious little dude. He learned how to make the perfect Irish coffee from Eileen, whose whiskey knowledge probably rivaled Bobby’s. He took Baby out for frequent drives, getting a feel for the town and the terrain. He hung out with Sam, and couldn’t believe how much it hurt to realize how little boyishness he had left in him, the roundness in his face now in clean adult lines. Dean basked in his presence, starved for it after years of growing up in each other’s pockets, then long years stretched painful without him. Re-learning his brother was like worrying a wound he never knew he had. In night, lying in bed, sleep far away, he considered texting Charlie for advice. Didn’t.
“She sounds pretty dedicated.”
Dean narrowed his eyes. “What are you smiling at?”
“I, uh, I live in the area now. So I can be close to Sam and Jack and Eileen.”
Jack signed in response since his mouth was full.
Cas squeezed down a little. “Thank you.”
“What?”
She looked up from her notes and smiled. “Hi, Cas. I’m good.”
And it melts in the mouth like happiness:
“What, no! I mean, one, I mean, can you put me down?” He smiled in a manner he probably thought was winning. It was not.
“Good to see you, Dean,” she said. She nodded her chin at the Impala. “She must be glad to be out of hibernation.”
The more he learned, the more he got to know his bike, the more opinions he had. He wanted a classic look, and took off all the chrome to stick with the plain metal. He chose black for the new leather of the seat. Bought his own tools to keep in the little tool roll holder tucked in the right side of the frame, on the off chance he ever took a road trip with it.
“Heh, yeah, you went through a phase like that,” chuckled Dean. He finally gave up on the napkins, which were mostly leaving white bits of themselves behind, and went to the sink to wash his hands.
“Ohh-kay,” said Dean. “What was your life like before you came here?”
Dean wasn’t either.
, he typed. “See how you fucking like it.”
Dean spluttered, gesturing toward the second lane where all four of his pseudo-parental figures were avidly listening.
Before Dean could agree Charlie slapped her arm out to the side and smacked both of them in the chest. “Zip it!”
“Dean!” shouted Jack, and ran up to hug his leg.
“Think about it,” Cas encouraged. “Big Music has a whole stable of producers and top of the line equipment and studio musicians and song writers. Managers and designers and marketers. If they choose to put their whole weight behind you, you’ll skyrocket in no time. But what do you get in return? A ton of people telling you what to do and a penny on the dollar of the profits. So it’s great if you don’t have other options, or if you want that lifestyle so badly. But if you don’t want that lifestyle, and you
“Poets like Sylvia Plath,” said Dean, when he realized Castiel wanted him to expand. “This really deep, confessional poetry. Poets like her, who were depressed and killed themselves, or ones who drank themselves into the grave like Dylan Thomas, or were going crazy all the time like Lowell…they really suffered. And there’s beauty in their poems, you know?” He lifted his arm from the back of the chair and ran his fingers through his hair, eventually settling his elbow back down and resting his temple on his hand, tracing the spines of all Castiel’s books with his eyes. “In the dark poems and in the ones where they keep fighting. And we’re reading and talking about how tragic it is they had a shit life and died young, and kids in class are saying that they’d rather write good poetry and die early than live long, and be forgotten.” He didn’t move his head, but Dean’s eyes slid over to meet Castiel’s, gauging.
Yes, she does.
“A hunt?”
“1967 Honda CL77. Or a 305 Scrambler, if you want. Built for off-roading. Its line was pretty popular back in its day, pretty sure guys like Elvis and Jim Morrison had ‘em. As for this particular bike?” Bobby shook his head. “Don’t know what it’s been through. What I can tell you,” he continued, “is that if you still want a car, you can’t afford that
Dean hadn’t realized he was still clutching the paper in his hands. He sighed and tossed it over. “What’s the point, though, if you don’t think that all the pop culture stuff is a good argument for saying that Tolkien’s had a lasting impact?”
Jack Allen was Castiel’s favorite poet. And, somehow, he’d known exactly what Dean needed to hear.
But she grabs my head and gives me a kiss.
He pushed himself upright. “I’m just—fucking—FINE.” He punctuated the words with his fists, pummeling the roof of the car. His hands stung but it was a good sting, it felt fucking
“I promise.”
Castiel’s shoulders slumped. “I wish I could.”
Shoulders still hunched, Dean cautiously lifted his hands from his ears and looked around. Cas was still next to him, facing back the way they’d come. Dean followed his gaze. Standing there, just at the edge of the concrete steps, were two very familiar men. “Not publishers, right. Got it. Lemme guess, Thing 1 and Thing 2. Am I close?”
“Saw him yesterday!” said Sam, smiling up at him for a brief moment before returning his attention to the dog. Suddenly Rumsfeld bolted up and ran toward the far side of the house. Around the corner came Bobby Singer, rolling himself in his wheelchair. In the light of day Castiel saw his beard was graying. “Hey, Bobby!” called Sam, waving.
“Leaving.”
Then a high-pitched scream as one of the Hellraisers went for the crowd again on his chopper. The new guy, clad head to toe in black leather with a black helmet to match, turned his head. Then he revved his own engine, and headed the chopper off at the pass. Soon the new bike was almost everywhere, its rider flitting through the crowd, darting like a bee and separating everyone—no, specifically separating the kids from everyone else.
What did I know, what did I know
Dean jumped about a mile and stumbled away. A short dude was standing next to him, chomping obnoxiously on his gum. He had longish hair and when he turned to grin at Dean, he winked one of his strikingly golden eyes. “This,” he said, almost jovially, “is the part where you run.”
Shot after shot he took, all of them successful, leaving the four of them gaping at the most commanding performance at the pool tables they’d seen in a long time. When at last he cleaned house, Cas stood up and smiled at Victor. “How about that crown?” he asked.
After another minute, he turned off the car, climbed out of it, and slammed the door in one big rush. He made sure the Impala was well and locked, then walked quickly in the right direction. He folded the map and tucked it back inside his pocket and held his head high, instinctively projecting the
“Uh,” said Dean, who didn’t have a single clue what those silly short poems they made you write in elementary school had to do with the very long lines of Allen Ginsberg. “Why?”
Dean thought the rider tilted his head toward him, but couldn’t quite tell in the dark; whatever the case, he noticed the trap. But the Hellraisers were coming at him from every direction. Where could he go?
Bones had abandoned the ball, distracted by an interesting smell somewhere to the left of the house. Sam kept his eyes on the dog. “But it’s our music? You and me?”
“I know who my fucking girlfriend is, Dean,” he snapped. “It’s our apartment, our bed. It’s Jess. Every time.”
“What changed your mind? We’ve been asking you up here for a year, but suddenly…?”
Cas walked up to the counter. The sun might have been out, but spring was still young and cold with the last dregs of winter. “Do you still have the mulled wine?”
Neither of them looked away from each other, letting the moment settle heavily between them.
Thankfully Sam took it at face value and didn’t require an explanation of why he might want to get as far as he possibly could from the life he’d been born into. Maybe he understood, because the next question was, “After rehab?” His face was dark, serious.
“Come in.” Naomi primly set her pen down on top of her notes, turning to greet their caller. But when the door swung open, her nostrils flared. “Principal Metatron.”
After the talk was over, their little group didn’t bother waiting for Castiel, as they were all going to meet up with Jody, Donna, and the girls at Missouri’s. Dean had practically had to park the Impala in town anyway, so they headed there immediately. “That was amazing!” said Charlie, her short red hair bouncing as she turned to walk backwards, stuffing her hands in the pockets of her yellow jacket. “He lives up to the hype, let me tell you. He was
Dean laughed, remembering afternoons making lemonade at the Singers’ house and feeding Sam lemon wedges to bite on while Karen and Dean laughed, and Bobby rolled his eyes and hid a smile behind his hand.
The worst part of it all was the Dean could see that same spark of discovery written all over Castiel’s face. He didn’t know what mathematics had to say about it, but from where Dean was standing this whole
Claire poured Kaia a glass first, then one for herself. Then she spotted Patience setting one of the last places at the table, having cleared away her homework. She had gotten herself a glass of water. “Hey, want some wine?” asked Claire.
Relieved, Castiel made his escape with social graces intact.
[as example]
“You’re welcome!” she said, then twirled on her sandals to run back to her table.
“All I’m saying,” Victor went on, “is that a horndog like you—”
Leather jackets hit the floor, and more,
Dean hummed, ripping a big chunk out of his sandwich. That answered that, then. When Cas finally stopped fussing he held the towel in both hands against his chest, watching Dean carefully as he enjoyed the fruits of his labors. He didn’t seem to want to go back to his chores anymore than Dean wanted him to, so he jerked his head in the direction of the photo. “Who’s that?”
“I don’t know if you remember when I was here with Sam, but he ordered us a beer that I liked…”
The apartment was cozy and he'd left it clean enough, Castiel figured. Dean at least didn’t seem bothered by the few dishes in the sink, just gravitated toward the window that overlooked the small river which ribboned through the town, as he usually did.
When the two weeks were up, though, he was wishing he were back at the auto shop playing around with big trucks. Dean was so close to backing out, every encouraging thing Sam and Eileen said to him over breakfast making him lose his appetite more and more. When they left for work—taking Jack with them, since he would be going to daycare on Dean’s school days—he flopped onto the couch and turned on the TV, though he didn’t watch it. A dozen times he woke up his phone, thumb hovering over Charlie’s name in his contacts. But after what he’d said to her when he quit poetry, the hypocrisy of what he was doing now was too much to bear. He considered staying home all afternoon instead, because watching telenovelas and taking naps would probably be a better use of his time. What was Dean going to even do in a college class? Who the hell did he think he was?
“What part about ‘demon’ did you miss?” He tucked the phone into his shoulder to use both hands on the duffel. Damn zipper still wouldn’t go.
“When you’re done in there…don’t forget to
“He can handle himself fine,” Billie said firmly. “Unless you know something we don’t?”
She stood and came around her desk. Dean was even taller than her than he remembered, and she no longer wore her hair in braids, but kept her tight curls in a short updo. She was older, too, but she wore it well, and most of all she was still recognizable, her smile as welcoming, her hug full of that tough love she felt so deeply for all her students.
“Hits a little close to home, that’s all.”
“He likes what?” Dean asked.
What had been a quiet morning soon became filled with splashing and shrieking with Patience’s delight, though both parents got in the pool, too, and were enjoying some splashing of their own. Dean didn’t mind, though. The sunshine, a nice family having a good time without any cares: this is the sort of thing that made his life worth it. That reminded him what he hunted for. Not just to save people, but also to preserve moments like this. It wasn’t too often he got to enjoy seeing it.
“Whoever talked?” came the response. “Whoever?!”
“Great. Let’s go.” Dean hopped out of bed.
“Yes.”
“I’ve got it,” said Dean, and Sam gratefully disappeared from the landing.
? Or watched the movies?” “They’re on the list.” “Move them up! You just told me you liked this poem, you’re gonna friggin’ love everything else.”) But Jack Allen was precious to him, and Dean had spent too long guarding him like Smaug and his golden hoard to be open about it now. If he couldn’t even tell the Singers, why would he tell Castiel? He had to admit, at least, that the professor would probably give him a fair shake, even if he didn’t like it.
“They were the BEST,” she said. “I drew them for you!” She held the paper out to him excitedly.
Dean shuffled a few steps to the side to lean against a table. He brought a half-empty bottle of beer to his lips and sighed after taking a long drink. “So what brings you out here?”
“I believe I told you I was an accountant,” said Cas. Dean nodded solemnly. “I didn’t set out to become one. But once I showed an aptitude for math my parents, and even some of my siblings when they were older, would say things like ‘Oh, you’d make such a good accountant’—over and over, like a drill to the head. Everyone had to join the family business and this is how they decided I would fit.”
“Kansas. Well. By way of South Dakota.”
Dean? Not Dean Winchester?
“Off the bike,” came the order at last. “Wheel it out of the way and stay back.”
“Hello, Dean,” he answered on autopilot. He was still frozen at seeing the student he’d been thinking so much of in the past couple of days right in front of him, as if he’d conjured him there.
Sam relaxed, even looked a little relieved. “Eileen’s been through a lot too, you know? She was at this orphanage in Ireland for years, they were the worst kind of religious zealots and…And I’d already been with her for awhile, and it made us realize we had a lot to straighten out within ourselves if we wanted to be good for each other. If we ever wanted to be
Dean frowned fully now, and Castiel worried he’d made a misstep. But he forced himself still, kept his breath calm, his gaze steady. Dean took the bait. “So people celebrate pain. Admire it. But then,” Dean leaned forward, placing the tips of his fingers on the desk. “These poets for social justice, like Dennis Brutus. Grappling with these real issues, getting shot, imprisoned, beaten. That’s a higher calling, to write about it. That’s real struggle, right? More than someone like—anyone in our class.”
“Would I know them?”
By lunchtime, Dean still hadn’t left Paradise Cove. He spent it waffling in his cabin, reading bits and pieces about old shipwrecks, and generally avoiding making a decision because if he left for California he’d be ignoring two potential cases, if he left for Hibbing he’d be ignoring what Missouri told him for something that might not need a hunter, and if he stayed here he’d be staying for—
Instead of saying as much, and letting the whole truth spill out—he’d even been too chicken to admit to all of them, who’d graduated easily, that he was struggling to study for his damn GED—he put on his old macho bluster that made his dad smile at him like he was part of a club. “Who says I haven’t been recreating?”
“What’s up, Doc?” he quipped, lifting his arms a little.
“Dean,” said Castiel, not sure where to begin. Why had he been arguing with Missouri?
“About the same. Doing what she can.”
“He wrote the first draft in one sitting, and he was full of drugs. I don’t recommend it.” She eyed him until he nodded. “What we read for class is highly edited and half the length.”
“That’s not true,” Castiel denied at once. “You changed me. You changed the course of my life, Dean. I can’t…” He shook his head. He couldn’t take his eyes off of Dean, his eyes, his mouth, the dip of his nose and the curve of his cheek. So many times he’d imagined what it would be like to meet Jack Allen, but never could he have imagined this. “I owe you a debt. How could I repay…?”
“Nah,” said Dean. “I was actually planning on leaving today.”
“Flatterer,” said Karen, giving him a light swat with the freshly delivered newspaper, not yet unrolled.
The headphones really were good quality. Ambient noise cut off immediately, replaced with a ticking sound that filled his whole head. Other instruments softly came in, mimicking the steady beat. Cas bent back to work, and Dean turned on his heel, considering. He watched the breeze ruffle the grasses outside the tilled area, bending and swirling in a murmuration. The tempo picked up, the orchestra beginning to swell. A mouse darting a foot away. The barn and the farmhouse beyond it, one red the other yellow, stood tall against the backdrop of the open prairie sky, a sky so vast Dean could barely comprehend it in that moment, expansive and all-encompassing like a canvas stretched across their little world, but fragile as a robin’s egg, a thin membrane between the life below and the nothingness above. The ticking reasserted itself over the orchestra and two blackbirds flew by, wings beating in time. Dean followed their progress as they darted overhead, the sudden, massive organ chords somehow perfectly anticipating when they lifted themselves higher, spiraling  away. There was movement everywhere, now that he really looked, and every part of it played out like a piece choreographed just for him. Cas, too: bending, digging, muscles cording, sweat dripping, every blink of his eyelashes. Even when the music ebbed, a piano tripping along in quiet contemplation, Dean saw it. The dirt Cas speared with his fingers. The worm he set aside, which curled in confusion before slinking away.
Fucking bless Victor, Dean could kiss him for convincing whoever he needed to convince. He stepped back from the cops and circled around the edge of the clearing, watching as the Rider wheeled his bike around the opposite edge, until they met in the middle, not far from the shed. The Rider kicked down the stand to park the bike and walked the last two steps alone. Dirt was smeared on his face and neck.
My face goes pink and I see red—
To match the turning of Dean’s mood, it began to drizzle. The storm was on its way.
She smiled. “No more than Shakespeare.”
He heaved himself then from the bed and wandered into the bathroom, turning on the light. It was modest but clean, everything in shades of white and ivory, plus a silver tap with two cross knobs either side of it. There was another switch on the wall and Dean flicked that, too, looking up and around to see what it did. On the ceiling next to the regular light bulb was a red bulb that intensified as he watched, accompanied by a low buzzing. Heat lamp. Despite Dean’s exhaustion he found himself kind of pleased, quirking his lips into a half smile. He loved motels with old school stuff like this. Too bad the bed didn’t have any magic fingers.
He whirled around and swallowed a yelp. It was just Cas, of course. In one hand he held out a pb&j encased in a napkin, and in the other an enormous mug dotted with little lighthouses and nearly overflowing with whipped cream.
Dean.
The man glanced at the money, then the book, and nodded. “Have a nice day. Come again.” He went back to typing.
Az, ready to give him the fight they were never able to give him when they were kids and he was nineteen, ugly, and mean. They flew past the other lanes, jumping around a group headed back toward the bar, careened around the corner, and burst out the front doors to face Az.
“You’re not actually drunk right now, are you?” Cas asked when they came up for air.
“No. But Dr. Novak is a good professor and he knows his stuff. Dean.” She leaned forward, forcing him to swallow and meet her gaze. “You need multiple perspectives. You need to see poetry from a beginner’s lens and an expert’s lens. Learn from your classmates as well as your teacher. The discussion will help just as much as the reading list. I think you know that.”
“I don’t think so,” she said slowly. “I haven’t sensed anything about that. I did hear about a couple deaths up in Ely, though.”
The Hellraisers leaned low over their bikes and rode down aisles on either side of the lot, making pedestrians jump out of their way. The Rider stopped in the middle of the main lot entrance on the far side opposite the school, which meant he was effectively blocking any more cars from getting in. He ignored the honking and waited for all five of the other bikers to curve back round the sides and meet him in the middle. When Dean saw the Hellraisers flank him all the way across the lot he tried to escape Billie and Charlie again, but they caught him after a step.
Castiel took the time to think. The question wasn’t a new one; it came up in his classes now and again. The difference here was in the way that Dean wouldn’t meet his eyes, how he was staring out the window jaw clenched, hunched in on himself, like the answer was very important. It could, Castiel supposed, just be that Dean labored under the weight of great compassion, but there was something too personal there for it to only be about people he had never met. For the hundredth time Cas circled back to Missouri’s assurance that Dean had the background required for his course despite his lack of formal education. He wondered, had Dean known a poet who’d met a bitter end? Is that what it could be? Was he in the class for answers seeking to understand someone he knew? Or even,
The closer he came, though, the more Dean shrunk back inside himself, inside his shell, remembered that Castiel was not some otherworldly being, but a doctor, and Dean's professor for chrissakes. He tore his eyes away before he could be caught looking, and closed them again, lifting his head to the sky, willing himself to re-expand, recapture that perfect, fleeting moment.
Somehow he found the energy to laugh. “Fuck you, dude.”
“A type of poetry from the 1600s. John Donne was the most famous practitioner…Hm, let’s see. You know the Metallica song, ‘For Whom the Bell Tolls’?”
better than what Alastair taught me to be?
Castiel side-eyed him, raising an eyebrow. “I’ve found that people usually say things like that when hiding sex paraphernalia.”
Dean blushed and ducked his head. “Sure. Uh, see you there. I mean later! Whenever.” He stepped backward toward his car, arm moving wildly to find the door handle behind him. “Great. Good night!” With a little wave he fumbled his car back open and folded himself inside.
“I thought you weren’t looking for anything…?” Charlie asked.
James hesitated but must have sensed the why of it, because he gave a short nod.
“I’m pretty sure this guy had no idea that women are fully rounded people.”
“She was practically a baby the last time I saw her.”
“You have a brother?”
“How could it not be?” she asked, tears spilling from her eyes.
“You know it,” he said. He grabbed his leather jacket from the pile. “Let’s roll.” He didn’t look behind, assuming they’d follow.
“Yes,” said Cas, some light inside him growing, swelling, until he felt he might burst with it.
She builds me up, tears me down (not
She raised her eyebrows.
This lodge was the real deal. It was old Northwoods aesthetic to a T; everything was built with wood, the surprisingly large wide open space held up by columns made of enormous logs, entire tree trunks smoothed down and sturdy. There were woven rugs in front of the check-in desk to the right and the huge fireplace on the far wall. The fireplace was made of dark irregular stones clearly picked out from the surrounding area, stacked one on top of another all the way to the ceiling. No fired burned in it now, but there was still a cozy effect with the wooden furniture with dark, comfy-looking cushions. Art and tchotchkes and tools and all sorts of things dotted the space, only half visible in the shadows the clung in the far reaches of the room. It was still clear that the place was very old, and very taken care of. Though empty of people, it echoed with the memories of busy days long past, but there was no dust or decay. Everything Dean could see showed the touch of a careful and thoughtful hand. Maybe because of the man behind the desk?
It wasn’t so bad this time, though, not with the promise of food and company on the horizon. The record had moved along from the previous song to something upbeat and swingy; Dean tipped his head back onto the chair to relax. Then a waft of warmth reached him from the fire and, at once reminded how cold he was, a massive shiver wracked his body. He stood and shrugged out of his jacket and spread it out to dry. His shirt and jeans stuck to his skin in damp patches. He really needed to find out the laundry situation around here. Rubbing his arms, he went to stand directly in front of the fire, now large and crackling merrily. It actually smelled good, just wood and smoke. Like a real campfire instead of a salty grave.
, Cas.”
“I want you all to think back with me to the beginning of life on this earth. Of the fish wriggling onto the sand, and the tiny mammal growing and growing, of noises becoming speech, of meals becoming a time of community, and society. Of sitting around the bonfire and telling stories. Much of the earliest writing found by archaeologists is about commerce, but that is ignoring intangible art, and the visual arts. Cave paintings and statue fragments tell us how the earliest peoples saw the world, but before even that humans were weaving poetry with their words, sharing their history, their imagination, their dreams. Poetry has taken many forms over the years but at its essence, poetry is the lifeblood of the human spirit, the quickening of its soul. It is writ as deeply in our DNA as the length of our bones, the color of our eyes. We turn to it, either spoken or through song, when we feel the most: at weddings and funerals, communing with our gods, driving in a car singing ‘Bohemain Rhapsody’ with our friends” —the class laughed— “and yes, when our bodies suffer the turmoil of adolescence. We give each other greeting cards with neat words to express gratitude, sympathy, congratulations. And, when we can’t find the words ourselves, we turn to the great poets among us, past and present, and we know our pain is shared, and thereby lessened.
It seemed like a weird line to draw in the sand for a man that apparently knew 50 different words for
After a few moments Dean licked his lips. “Look, Cas. I’m not ready for you to hear more of my music yet, but. Keep coming to the shows. Okay?”
Fuck, most of the people in his contacts never spoke to him at all unless they needed something for a hunt.
“Well, he taught me how,” laughed Sam. “If I do it wrong it’s his fault.”
“Purgatory might be good. You know, just enough so he understands what he did.” Sam gave him a wobbly smile through his tears, up but shuddering back down again. “Then, yeah. I think he should have some peace.”
“He likes girls.”
“Snooze you lose, Winchester,” said Vic. “Castiel?”
Dean snorted, a little louder than he meant to.
“Was just coming to find you,” said Cain. “How’s the tractor?” A man of a few short words, per usual. His curt manner was off-putting to some, but Dean had been around him long enough to know that’s just the way he was.
Cain glance over his shoulder and turned back to Dean with a raised eyebrow. “I can bring Cas the tea.”
Castiel allowed him the ritual, then said, “Come on.” He took Dean’s hand and led the way.
“What, you don’t know? Thought you were psychic.”
Dean flushed with pride and pleasure, warmed from the inside out. "I think so."
“You must,” she said sharply. Castiel lifted his head at her tone. Klara cupped his face in both hands. “I may not have the faith I had in my youth, but that is because I learned that angels were unfeeling, unloving, willing to cast us aside to get whatever they want. What I do have faith in,” she said, “is an angel who learned to listen. Who didn’t understand why I loved food, or music, but who tried to anyway. An angel who gradually opened up to me when I spoke with him. An angel who did not just save the lives of a mother and her daughter, but by letting me go, my life too. Even at the risk of another punishment.” She smiled then, for the first time since he’d arrived in her home. “You will save this person because that is who you are. I have faith in
Boots on hardwood caught Dean’s attention. He casually glanced over his shoulder to see a woman, maybe up to a few years younger than him, in a uniform that screamed county sheriff’s office. He tensed, shifting slightly to make certain his weapons were well hidden under his clothes. She couldn’t be looking for him, could she? How could anyone from Ely known where he’d gone, if he hadn’t even known himself?
“And accounting,” Cas confirmed, seeing where this is headed. “I can help out on weekends, if you want.”
“It’s my favorite,” said Cas amiably.
Half in shock, Cas sat on the nearest barstool instead of at his usual table. He only got waves from the others instead of chitchat, but that was alright because then they were playing and it was as good as always, until something strange: Nine Inch Nails, which they’d played before, but never this song. It wasn't a single, or even off an album, just an EP. There was no question it was a deliberate choice judging by the way Dean was performing the lyrics. No doubt the cloud that had settled over him that early drunken morning in the bar was still hanging over his head. Dean was hurting, feeling dirty and sick and unable to reach out, but what was truly odd was that Cas could swear the song was directed right at him.
James barely gave an outward sign that he was displeased, just the slight cording of his forearms where his hands were bunching into fists out of sight. “My wife and daughter don’t know about these things. This had better not be a problem.”
“First of all, I would never get into a place like this, if I could even
Castiel blinked in surprise, though he looked more confused than offended, thankfully.
A couple hours later had Jack grinning wide, chocolate all over his face, fingers sticky with caramel.
“Yes, five dollars.” He folded his hands on top of the desk primly. “That includes tax.”
To the liminally dead.
The doc raised her eyebrows but got up from her chair and circled the teacher’s desk, leaning against it so they were level. “I very much liked your poem. Do you write poetry often?”
It looked a little too much like he’d been wiping away tears for Dean to continue on in good conscience. He stopped walking, but Kevin didn’t acknowledge him. Maybe his eyes were closed behind the glasses?
He sighed. “I just didn’t want all my dirty laundry up in front of the class. I felt really…exposed.”
“Isn’t that what the SAT is, or whatever?”
“Of course I have Prince,” Dean scoffed. “First of all, like, Midwest represent. Also, did you ever see that man play a guitar? Rock. God.”
“You don’t?” asked Dean, surprised. Granted, being carless around here was a lot more uncommon than in all the other places Cas had lived, as it was the best way to get around, but Dean seemed unduly disappointed by the revelation. “Is it because you don’t like them?”
“O-okay.”
“Yeah? What good would that do?”
Girls don’t paint thick eyes and lips to look pretty,
“Shakespeare,” another offered.
Dean figured Bobby’s plan was as good as any, so he set it up with Cain and Colette to come over that weekend. His days were mostly free on Saturdays and Sundays, since his evenings were spent working at the Roadhouse. He very carefully did not mention Cas.
“Um, what? Here?”
Castiel leaned into his body heat without shame because, “I really am fucking freezing.”
Ash was cracking open a tall can of some cheap beer, but the girls were downing water. Dean went to the stove to check on the wine, bolstering it up so there’d be enough for when anyone wanted more, and didn’t join in on his bandmates’ chatter. He just poured Cas another Dark Toddy. “Still good?”
true, so what?”
Dean’s smile faltered, shrunk into something smaller, almost shy. “Yeah,” he said. “And their sons.” He hummed, then continued, “They’d be so fucking proud of Sam. I mean, first they would not
The fighters were scattering, the motorcycle engines had stopped. All but one. Tires wheeled into Dean’s view of the asphalt, and he lifted his gaze slowly, eyed the bike—a classic Honda off-roader, holy shit—and its blue-flame paint job. “Cool ride,” said Dean.
“Winchester?” The panic was gone, all that was left was a nauseating numbness. Shock. Castiel didn’t want to believe it, but it was the only explanation that made sense. Why else would Zachariah damn an older brother to hell? “You’re the one destined to write the Winchester gospels.”
Cas smiled and kept scrolling. They went through Lou Reed and Skynard, Marilyn Manson and Meat Loaf, Melissa Etheridge and Muddy Waters, Neil Young and Nina Simone. Cas chose No Doubt and Offspring and Otep and then, of course, Prince.
“Kid?” Kevin scoffed. “How old do you think I am?”
When the show was over, Cesar came and set an extra beer at the table, and Sam snatched an empty chair from another party. It was clear that Dean still meant to join them. Cas watched the man’s progress as he made his way to their table, stopping now and then to slap someone on the back or chat with people he knew. Like an old clockwork grinding back into gear, Cas’s brain started building a gameplan for ensnaring a new artist. Noted how Dean was easy with friend and stranger alike, but that the place had a strong hold on him that would make him hard to uproot. Knew that given his history and his brother’s wariness that Cas couldn’t say what his background was, or what he wanted (Sam would likely be willing to play along, up to a point); listed questions he needed to ask to find out more about Dean so that he could steer him the direction he wanted, and think it was his own decision, and it wouldn’t be long before he was doing exactly what Castiel asked of him—
“Are you—” Cas began.
Dean closed his eyes; this was exactly why he’d been keeping his late night trysts with the Rider to himself. If other people intruded into their universe, there would be questions. “I don’t know.”
“I killed my brother?” The moment he spoke the words aloud, Castiel could see it: the white flash of Ishim’s grace, the burn of his wings across the floor and up onto the wall. Benjamin flying inside, appearing next to their fallen brother.
“I do not have ten,” Cas retorted, still washing the dishes. “And whichever one you want.”
“I have thought about it.”
Sam shoved him off, laughing. “Jerk.”
“Ishim,” Castiel repeated softly. Ishim was one of his brothers.
Donna rounded the island of chairs to get her own hug. “We noticed you weren’t here yet, so we saved you a spot,” she said.
sat on the nearest bookshelf to his desk. Castiel eyed the black volume, spine cracked in two places, multi-colored flags sticking out, well read. Well loved. His fingers itched to shove away his papers and pull the book from the shelf, cradle it in his hands. It had been released almost two years prior and collected Allen’s three previously published collections in one. Castiel’s entire awakening, the history of his long relationship with the poet, was innocuous and inconspicuous while closed on his shelf. But inside, inside—!
When he got to the other side it was pretty clear this was a dead end; the cliff-face was steep to the point of being sheer. No path that he could see led away from it. The whole beach was a private little paradise, for those who knew about it. Again he was hit with that same sense he’d felt the night before, of being so weak and small in a relentless world, another pebble on the beach to be worn down by water and time.
“What is this?” he asked, half-pulling them off his head to hear the answer.
“No,” Dean laughed, “like this—” and actually took the lead. He initiated the next swing out, pulling on Cas’s arm, who was solid enough not to be jerked in Dean’s direction, and then using the momentum Dean reeled them back together. Several more bars and Cas was still stiff, spine ramrod straight, but smiling as he relinquished control to Dean who, now that he’d gotten the hang of it, started moving them around instead of staying in place. The steps didn’t really matter so much, Dean figured, if you bounced along to the rhythm; without any prompting he lifted their joined hands and Cas turned beneath them, still kind of stiff but without missing a beat.
“…yes, the entire discography.”
, and he dropped his pen.
Castiel liked Donna; he hadn’t interacted with her much yet, but her warm smile always made him feel welcome when they crossed paths. He walked over and saw she was standing with a guy around his own age, and what a guy. Cas had been to some very nice places in his life, cities and businesses and banquets where people dressed to the nines and spared no expense to get noticed. But every single one of them paled in comparison to him though he was wearing worn jeans and a red flannel shirt, his short hair tousled, with not a mote of powder on his face to hide his large splash of freckles.
“It’s a pretty good song. Quality’s for shit,” Bobby said, “but the song’s pretty good. Doesn’t mean you have to play it 500 times,” he added pointedly.
He looked down at the books. They were small enough to fit in the inner pocket of his jacket. “Yes ma’am,” he mumbled, and joined Charlie out in the hall.
“And if you’re capable of that,” Dean agreed, “you’re capable of anything.” His face was caught between confusion and wonder. “How in the hell…?”
Cas felt a ghost of a smile. “I imagine you were good at that.”
The wind picked up, slamming them with a wave of cold, and Castiel hastily stepped inside and closed the door behind. “Hello, Dean.”
Dean stumbled and Cas jerked away. Billie joined in on piling over Dean, and Donna shoved her way past to give Cas a great big bear hug. And then the audience was pushing them out of the row, people were milling in the aisles, cast and crew shrieked out in the hallway as they excitedly greeted family and friends. Kids covered in goo were making a game out of slapping handprints on the people around them; parents yelled at them to stop standing on the chairs. Chaos was everywhere, and by the time Dean was swept out of the auditorium and pounding Sammy on the back for his awesome techie skills, Cas was nowhere to be found.
Apparently, there was interest. Two of the girls hugged, squealing, and the rest chattered and cheered and in the face of their geeky enthusiasm, Castiel felt slightly more at ease. “Since it’s not a faculty show, do we get to choose what it is?” one of them asked.
He rang the doorbell. It reverberated into the house, giving the odd feeling it was empty. Had Cas gotten the time wrong? He checked his watch—he was punctual, if slightly early.
“That’s weird.” Maybe even his kind of weird.
I’m cocky and offer an hour,
“Mr. Winchester,” Dr. Novak said, holding out his hand as Dean walked up. “It’s a pleasure.”
Dean raised his eyebrows, prompting him to continue.
“Oh I’m fine,” she interrupted with forced brightness. But then, putting her hands on his shoulders, she stood on her tiptoes and kissed his cheek. “Thank you,” she said into his ear.
He tugged the notebook closer to him with a finger, scanning the last page of his blocky handwriting. “I know.”
“No buts, Castiel.” She flicked her wrist to snap the paper. Only after he hesitated did she say lowly, “I can protect you more easily than I can protect my colleagues. Do you understand?”
“Yeah?”
“Hey yourself. Look, uh…I just, did I ever tell you I was sorry?”
“No,” he said sharply.
And how the change-jangle heaved the hulking thing
Taking good care of your car—especially a classic car—was a trait that Dean highly respected in a person so that, at least, was a point in Cas’s favor.
Cas chuckled obligingly and looked back at the band. He was glad to see that they were speaking to each other again, and that his presence hadn’t unduly disturbed them. When he looked back Cesar just finished pulling his beer, but he paused when Jesse placed a hand on his shoulder and stepped up to speak in his ear. Cesar leaned in to listen. Cas was just close enough to hear the exchange.
Speaking of the lodge—only one hour left for that free breakfast. His stomach growled at the thought of it, practically gnawing his insides. He was definitely ready for something besides beef jerky and candy bars.
“No,” Dean mumbled. “Just some literature class with some professor she recommended.”
“Yes,” he said, placing his hand on Dean’s. “I didn’t mean to make you doubt it. An issue just came up…”
The group of people around Dean crowded closer, Sam ready to tackle him at any moment, no doubt. But there was no need. He wasn’t going to let anyone else fight his battles, and this one was a long time coming. He wasn’t that kid Alastair had duped anymore. He was strong on his own, smarter than he thought, even, good for something more than just what he could do with his hands. And he had his own club behind him, more or less. Maybe this wasn’t going to end well, but somehow he found faith that it was enough. That he was enough. Dean smiled, but not the cold, dangerous one he’d learned in the Pit to keep the dogs at bay. It was a new smile, one that spoke of pain and love lost and hard-won experience. The sort of smile that said,
It made absolutely no sense, and far too much sense at once. How could someone completely removed from writing programs, literary circles, and other poets get so much circulation based on the strength of his work alone? But Missouri’s insistence that Dean had the necessary qualifications for his course. The way she’d been one of the few people in the community who could go toe-to-toe with him about his dissertation, and didn’t treat it like an eccentricity. “So few of us appreciate him, up here in our ivory towers,” she’d said.
Castiel let out a breath he didn't realize he'd been holding. “Is this—?”
Cas jerked his head up, blue eyes wide. “Dean,” he said. He capped his pen and sat up straight. “How are you?”
“Yeah,” Dean nodded, surprised he meant it. “Me too.”
“Believe me, you wouldn’t be here if you had been.”
“The storm,” Dean said, tossing a thumb over his shoulder in the direction of his cabin. “Power’s out. Must have a generator in here, huh?”
“It is if I say it is,” she said, pressing a palm to his chest.
“Right here,” said Cesar, adding a couple types to the collection, scotch and bourbon and even some Jack Daniel’s reserve.
No, this wasn’t quite it; Dean was too agitated. There was clearly something deeper. “It’s hard to say,” he ventured. When that earned him a half-hidden glare—Dean was clearly onto his hedging—Castiel switched tacks. “Let’s stick with Brutus. Do you like his poetry?”
“Yahtzee,” Dean said to himself as he hopped down the last two steps and rounded the corner into the kitchen. Sure enough, there it was, hanging off the edge of the counter next to the fridge. He beelined for it.
Cas surveyed the counter and sure enough, there were three pies lined up in a row. Strangely though, none of them had been touched. It was especially strange given Dean’s presence; in all his times at the diner, Castiel hadn’t once seen him choose a dessert other than pie. And Karen may have been stress baking, but the direction of her work had clearly been for Dean’s benefit. He peeked at Dean over his shoulder. His free hand was tugging his hair again while he made a desultory mark on the page. Looked like he needed a break just as much as Cas did. “I think I’m going to have some blueberry,” he said. “Do you want a slice?”
“Don’t make me say it.”
“Stanford?” Castiel confirmed, when Sam mentioned it. He was dying to know why Sam had gone to a world-class university and Dean had decided on only a GED, but he was beginning to understand that maybe the less he knew about Dean, the better. “I know several colleagues from there. Academia is a small world, and literature professors who like poetry more so.”
“Look, dude,” said Dean, “staying up too late and rolling into work with no sleep? That’s the sort of thing people expect of me. But you? What would Ms. Milton say?”
Cas smiled ruefully. “Something along those lines.”
At that he let the smile break free over straight white teeth. “You.”
But now that the door had been opened, he couldn’t quite get it to close again. Footsteps sounded across the store, followed by a large sigh as someone sat in a creaking chair. Before he could talk himself out of it, Dean snapped the book shut and brought it to the front desk, where a man was click-clacking away at an old laptop, wearing a bathrobe over sleepwear and looking distinctly hungover.
So much for new beginnings.
Dean was always busy, but somehow between his two jobs and his studying he kept his promise. On days he didn’t have to be at the diner until later, he swung by the school after he was done at the garage and helped out with the musical. The script was a travesty on Carver Edlund’s work, in his opinion, but Sam was really into it and the rest of the kids seemed happy that they were doing anything at all. On his first day there, he saw that Cas had been roped into actually
They sat there for another minute; Cas’s head cocked to the side as if he were trying to listen to something. Then Dean’s phone buzzed in his pocket. Still kind of out of it, he pawed it out of his jeans and flipped it open without looking at the little window on top. “Yeah?” he said hoarsely.
“Yes. I’m at the diner a lot anyway. Come sit with me on your breaks. I’ll do my grading or homework and you can do some studying.”
“Fuck if I know,” said Dean, catching his breath.
“Hello, Dean.”
“Motorcycle club. Gang, really. The bad kind.” Dean worked his jaw while choosing his next words. “Long and short of it is that after my parents died I went out on the road. Left Sammy behind with the Singers.” He searched Cas for some kind of judgment then, but who was Cas to lecture on leaving family behind? He nodded. Dean continued. “Picked up odd jobs here and there to make ends meet. Hustled pool when I needed cash quick.”
Dean grunted.
After that weekend, Cas tried to make the band’s show whenever he could despite being increasingly busy. Now that planting had begun and the bees were waking up, there was more work than ever to do on the farm. Sometimes he was too tired, or sometimes, when he was manning the CC’s Bees stand at the farmer’s market by himself, he elected to take the truck home right away. Still he managed to go at least half the time, and the most interesting thing was…he was beginning to notice a change.
Elation lent Dean speed. Anticipating the move he’d already been trying to inch everyone to the side, and now he pushed everyone back to make space, and just in time. The Rider’s blue-flame bike flew down into the scene and clipped Alastair’s chopper, knocking it down trapping Alastair underneath. Some of the Hellraisers jumped to their feet, unsure whether they were supposed to help their leader. The Rider twisted his bike and landed neatly, facing them down. The partygoers gasped and cheered at the display.
A doe, in fact. She snuffled through the grasses that grew in the gravel, and then lightly stepped onto the asphalt. Dean stayed frozen. The deer didn’t bound across as they sometimes did at dusk, making Dean slam on the brakes and reach an arm out to brace Sammy in case of impact whether he was sitting there or not. She just walked, sniffing the ground until she paused, straddling the dashed yellow line. She looked down the road to the east; then the doe turned her delicate head to the west, toward Dean. Even his shivering stilled under her gaze. He knew deer were just dumb animals, but…there was an undeniably natural wisdom in her look that considered him, and in the end was unafraid. They shared an endless moment, sweet and stretched like taffy, until she huffed out a breath and headed on toward the woods. Her hooves made dull
It was warmer and still a bit darker inside. His boots sounded loud on the wooden floors. The place felt empty, though he knew Castiel at least had to be around.
“You wouldn’t know real culture if it bit you in the ass,” said Rufus.
“Nice my ass,” grumbled Dean. “Because of course right after he left I get a call from Rufus and he needs me to pick up a shift today, and the Singers are gonna drop me off but I ain’t waking them up at midnight to come get me so I’m gonna have to walk back to my apartment even though I’m so fucking
“You’re wrong,” said Charlie. Dean snapped his head up, and so did everyone else at the command in her voice, she who’d only ever mumbled answers when called upon.
“Holy the night in pink satin!
“Jesus.” What a shitty big brother Dean had been. How had he not noticed? “And the Singers?”
And bonus poem:
“Bitch.”
The path was made of large rocks spaced as evenly as their shapes allowed, buried in the dirt. No doubt they’d been taken from the lakeshore and smoothed by decades of use. It dropped off at two small wooden steps leading up to the porch. The porch itself was taken up mostly by a nook with an overhang under which sat a large pile of firewood, stacked to halfway up Dean’s chest. Though the overhang must have kept the wood dry enough, it smelled fresh and pungent. The cabin had a real fireplace, then. Not that Dean was planning to use it. Except the poker, maybe, if a ghost stopped by.
“Hey. Good weekend?” asked Dean.
“Yeah,” he said. “I’ll take a ride.”
Dean didn’t dare look him in the eyes, not when he could feel a blush burning his cheeks. “Oh yeah, I’m adorable,” he said. He slipped his hand out from under Cas’s and rubbed the back of his neck. “Anyway, since I’m sticking around you gotta tell me all there is to do around here.”
“When we have time.”
“Hurry up and wait, huh?” But Dean hopped off the ladder, and led the way down the stairs and back outside.
Cas took a breath, and thought about it. “Eat some pie,” he said, pushing his plate across the table. “And you have a deal.”
“My brother loves those books,” said Sam. “They’re pretty good.”
“No,” said Max, grinning after them as they were swept inside with the tide of people. “But it’s Castiel!”
“The diner,” Dean said, exasperated. “Can we stop with the third degree already?”
“Um,” said Chuck, with a nervous titter. “Well. That’s a loaded question. Like, is this an existential thing, or?”
“Come on in, Dean,” she answered.
Jack pulled the whisk out of the big utensil jar by the sink and started playing with it. Dean had just been using a fork but, “Wanna help?” he asked. He scooched the bowl over and Jack needed no further prompting, splashing the whisk right in. “Whoa, buddy.” Gently he guided Jack’s hand in at least some approximation of a whisking motion.
Cas looked adorably confused. “That doesn’t bother you?”
Dean was startled from his reverie when a touch came at his elbow, just enough pressure to alert him through his coat. He turned to find Castiel, large snowflakes perched on his hat and shoulders, something like a question in his eyes. “I must have missed presents,” he said.
Sam was covering his mic and leaned over to say something to Dean, who covered his own to respond. Shouts and whistles: good-natured goading from the crowd. Sam said something that made Dean roll his eyes, but the younger brother must have thought he’d won whatever discussion they were having, because he said, “The band needs a little break.”
Gently Cas turned him and pressed his back against the wooden railing. One hand he slipped under Dean’s leather jacket and wrapped around his waist; the other he used to cup the back of his head. Castiel inched closer, pressed their chests together so tenderly. His mouth was just a breath away, warm, rich, tasting of cardamom. “Dean,” he whispered.
She tilted her head. A habit, Castiel realized, she’d picked up from him. “You don’t remember?”
He smacked a hand on the back of the couch. “No it fucking isn’t!”
Regardless Castiel disentangled his hands from his shirt and dropped him back onto the couch. He began to pace. “What did you mean by ‘one?’ Did you see Zachariah?”
Bobby sucked his teeth, thinking. “Karen and I have a lot on our plates. Family owned business, never a day’s vacation. You have a background in math?”
books, an unfinished ongoing series, which Sammy immediately made a note to find at the library. Bobby and Karen were more than happy to set another place at the table. Karen joined in on the book conversation while Bobby and Dean finished up dinner. It was a cheerful meal after Charlie got over her initial shyness, Dean’s little family coaxing out that sunny disposition she had hiding inside. She looked even happier when Sam challenged her to a game on the used Nintendo 64 Bobby and Karen had scrounged up for him and Dean at Christmas. While she was occupied Dean jumped at the chance to tell Bobby he could take care of the scrapyard over the weekend, even though he was supposed to be the one to take Karen to chemo. It was an argument Dean usually won when it came up. He was willing to do a lot, but the hospital…being surrounded by the evidence that his aunt in all but blood might be dying…he couldn’t. He just couldn’t.
“You knew me and my dad way back when, and then I roll up in this out of the way place when I wasn’t even planning on it.”
Castiel froze in his doorway, wondering if he should read the text, or wait until he got home.
“As it should be, padawan, as it should be.”
“Awesome.”
Victor racked the balls and grabbed a cue. “You and me, Cas, whaddaya say?” he said.
When the band came back out, Dean breezed by without saying anything, which was disappointing, until Cas noticed that all three of the other band members were giving him
“Those nights in that in-between time
Abaddon laughed, loud and piercing. “What are you going to do about it, pretty boy?” She kicked down her stand and stood; the others followed suit.
He fell.
He swallowed on a dry throat once, twice. Remembered his copper mug, cooler now, and downed half its contents without taking his eyes off the milling musicians. “Who was that?” he croaked out.
“Okay, cool. So what’s up with this Vivian? What’s the story about?”
Dean was on his second glass when Eileen stepped outside with Jack in her arms. “Say good night to your uncle.”
It was practical advice, Castiel figured, for something he was spending a decent amount of cash on, so he went for the Continental first. The door creaked and felt heavy to open—hopefully it just needed some grease—but the seat looked in decent shape. He sat down and placed his hands 10 and 2 on the wheel. He waited to feel something.
Marie looked up at him in wonder, eyes shining behind her glasses. “My time has come,” she proclaimed.
That’s where Dean worked.
“I, Dean-o, am the guy who’s going to get this show on the road. You see,” he said, “the plan was supposed to be you making your own choice. Damn yourself of your own free will, make a deal, blah blah blah. But I am good at what I do. I found a loophole!”
When the song ended, Cas blinked several times before opening his eyes. Sam and Dean were staring at him, the former in curiosity, and the latter in consternation. “Are we boring you?” Dean asked. Eileen giggled into her beer.
“Don’t psychoanalyze me.”
“Of course not,” Cas agreed. His blue eyes were practically glowing, his grin growing so big Dean could see his gums.
“With Missouri?”
Cas lifted his head up,
“Nah,” said Dean. “We just established he’s a superhero, remember?”
“My anonymity works for me here, but it works on polite fiction. If I started performing every weekend, word would get out.”
“Hey, that’s against the rules!”
He hung out with the other adults as the yard began to fill up, content to watch Sammy laugh and run around with his friends. But some of the theatre kids still wanted to come up and say hi, and soon enough he was milling out in the crowd with everyone else. Within an hour the Singer’s Salvage was packed; there were definitely more people than had been invited, but luckily they’d accounted for that in the massive amount of snacks they bought. Everywhere Dean turned there was someone else he knew, so it was only a matter of time before he ran into Cas. And fuck, did he look good, just wearing some jeans and a plain shirt that did nothing to hid his muscles. Cas brightened when he saw him, holding up his phone and wiggling it like that should mean something. “Dean! I’ve been looking all over for you!”
“Nah,” said Sam. “Don’t get me wrong, it’s a good show. But stay or don’t.”
They both dissolved into laughter, playfully shoving at each other, and Dean forgot all about his troubles.
His eyes grew wide. They really were blue. “No, I wouldn’t!” It was kind of adorable.
And I think: I’m a man, she sees it
it—but he knew that didn’t matter in the least. “I’ll say it again. Is that what Dean wants?”
Sam had come over and gathered as many liquor bottles as he could fit in his arms without dropping. “Yes, Dean. You’re cut off. All of you.”
. “I came across the facsimile to
“Good,” said Rufus. “If you’re reading Ginsberg, you’d better read Hughes.”
The shower curtain was off-white and thin, and the plastic rings clacked together as Dean shoved it open. He stepped into the tub, which was too small for a man of his size to have a soak. Just as well. He was liable to fall asleep, and no hunter worth his salt wanted to be found dead in a bathtub. He pulled out the water knob and flipped the shower lever without testing the temperature. Dean jumped a bit, the cold water waking him up just enough to remember to paw the curtain closed.
Castiel wept.
With the sky clear and nothing now between Dean and the rest of the property, he could see two figures in the distance, practically silhouettes under the strength of the sun: one farther away, bending and lifting, the other much closer and walking toward the barn. There was no mistaking Cain, especially when he caught sight of Dean and changed his trajectory. He was wearing a worn white henley with the sleeves rolled, and as he got closer Dean realized it wasn’t just that his gray hair was slicked back; he must have grown it out over the winter, because it was spilling in curls from a pony at the back of his neck. He and Sammy must attend the same hair salon, geez.
Unlike the stormy day when he’d last been there, in the clear daylight Cas got a good view of the Roadhouse from the outside. It was all unpainted wood, wooden siding, wooden awning. It had seen better days, but for all that looked as well kept as could be, no stray cigarette butts or beer bottles left to languish outside the door. There were a few cars parked on the far side of the lot, including Sam’s silver Prius. Though the one that really caught Cas’s eye was a great black beauty, definitely American-made, and not too much younger than the Funkbird, if he had to guess. He promised himself he’d get a good look at it—
“No!” said Dean, louder than he meant to. “I mean, I can’t. I’m not ready, I just…”
“No, it’s not that.” Dean crossed his arms and stared over Castiel’s shoulder out the window, where the school chapel sat on top of the hill. “It just seems like…all poets do is suffer, all the time. Even the ones who make it to a few decades, they just…I mean is that a choice that poets have to make? To let depression and alcoholism take over and kill you, or to…fight these major external forces and almost die in the process? Like Byron did both, right, ‘cause he went off looking for wars but he also totally self-destructed?”
.” Without looking, he snatched up the packet and slammed it against Dean’s arm. “You heard of this guy?” he asked.
“As a fan.”
“Right. It’s so full of color, like it feels so rich, and when he describes being on the road…how it’s spiritual, sometimes like pilgrimage and prayer, sometimes like everyone you pass is a ghost, or that
With one last look at Dean, Castiel stepped around him. “Hello, Ms. Hanscum.”
“You never said anything.”
“If you say so.”
He pulled the chair out pretty far, so he could sit to the side and stretch out his legs. He rested the elbow closest to Castiel on the table, hand held loosely around the stem of his glass. “Grading?” he asked.
Dean hefted the (mostly) full jug off the railing. “Nah, you know how Ellen opens a little earlier on weekends. By the time I get back from the field,” he shrugged.
“You’re so worried about whether either of us ever thanked him, and sure maybe we should’ve said it once in a while, but did he ever say it to you?”
“The world’s better without it.”
Dean turned and mirrored her position at the railing, sneaking a hand in between hers. “It’s no burden.” He squeezed gently. Her hands were cool to the touch, skin almost papery when so long they’d been strong and rough and calloused with hard work. “And a lady needs her secrets, right?”
“Shows what you know,” Dean scoffed. “They needed me, my
Dean sunk further down in his chair.
“Yeah?”
The touch jumpstarted his lungs again. "Yeah," he breathed. "Sure. No problem."
Okay then.
He let his hand trail away. His eyes skimmed over the brochures for Lutsen and Nanaboujou and canoe trips and settled on the books. Lower to the ground were picturebooks—new copies of what were in the small rack in the lounge, he was sure. But there were also small chapterbooks, including those sepia-colored regional history ones you could find all over the States. And to the delight of his inner hunter, several books about local ghost stories, or shipwrecks, and all sort of things up and down the coast. One with
Ferris wheel.
Her timing was looking more suspicious by the minute. “Charlie,” said Dean, “did you come out here just because—”
…brought the bar to silence.
The sleeves of Dean’s jacket slid easily around the rider’s. They were both big men, there was no way they were getting anywhere with space between them, so Dean tightened his grip and pressed them together, shoulder to hips.
“Yeah, it is.” Sam crossed his arms, then winced. For his eighteenth birthday they’d gotten matching tattoos on their chests, a star encircled by flames. It was an old symbol their mom used to have on her leather jacket. Sam scratched at it through his t-shirt.
that he paid a little more attention in class. Ostensibly he and Sam were named after their maternal grandparents, but the much thumbed-through copy of the novel with Mary Campbell’s name written in the upper corner of the title page proved that his mother had a fondness for the name Dean regardless of her mother Deanna. He hadn’t read it for some years. Something always held him back; whether it was self-preservation or fear, he didn’t rightly know. He considered not reading it now either, but there was really nowhere to hide in a summer school class with Missouri Moseley. In the end he didn’t bother grabbing the school-provided copy, instead unearthing his mother’s book from the small box in the corner of the room Sam and Dean shared at the Singers’. He only got as far as the first page, though. Seeing his mother’s name written in a messy hand—had she been Dean’s age at the time?—overwhelmed him as swiftly and powerfully as a summer storm. He shoved the book in his backpack and figured he could get away with one day’s ignorance.
Death, capital D.
Naomi looked up from her notes and fixed him with the kind of stare that made Cas want to tug at his tie. “The instructions for the homework are perfectly clear. If the students don’t want to put in the time or effort to read the directions or ask for help, that is their choice. Does it take time for the children to reacclimate to being in school? A little. But sooner or later you’re going to have to come to grips with the fact that you can’t help everyone, do you understand? There will always be students who fail. That doesn’t mean it’s your fault.”
Cas nodded in acknowledgment. Then he said, “I suppose I made my name in pop music, but I cut my teeth on rock. It was the most exciting genre at the time, in the early to mid-nineties especially…excepting rap, perhaps. Grunge, alternative, nu-metal. I survived a lot of mosh pits.”
“Hmph,” said Billie.
Cas waited until he was out of sight. “Tell me about it,” he said.
“Yeah, because being a genius is a conscious decision.”
“This ain’t a damn concert hall!” hollered Ellen, over her shoulder, where she’d come to refill their mugs. It was a copper pitcher, clearly meant only for such refills and not where the wine would be kept for any length of time. No doubt it was bubbling away on the stove in the back somewhere.
“I’ve got him,” said Bobby.
The floor was split unevenly in two. The smaller portion nearer the door had off-white linoleum tile that led to a closet and the open bathroom door on the right, and a small kitchenette with table and chairs to the left. The rest had an old, thin blue carpet that spread under the queen-sized bed with nightstands attending it either side. In the far corner there was also a comfy chair with a standing lamp nearby right next to the expected fireplace, smaller but still made of the same stone as the one in the lodge. But the far wall was all window; not quite floor-to-ceiling. Three of them plus a patio door in the corner with no wood to break up the glass. Presumably the windows provided an excellent outlook over the lake, but in the night the panes merely reflected the room back at him, his own sorry self standing framed in the middle one, both duffels slung over the same shoulder.
Chuck didn’t seem to care about not getting a response. He turned on his heel, robe whipping behind him, and neither man moved to follow. “Dean,” he said, when he got closer. “What are you doing here?”
The man waved him off and moved to another table, where people had just sat down. The bar was starting to fill up.
, from Rachmaninoff to rock’n’roll, and all the genres in-between. Dean barely knew what to do with himself; where to start? Like, the lodge owners wouldn’t leave all this out here if people weren’t allowed to use the player, right? He half turned around, wondering if there were anyone nearby who could answer this very important question—or if not, at least no one who would stop him.
He took his own turn pushing under Dean’s shirt, more static sparked, but he didn’t grab or grope. The tips of his fingers circled lightly on his skin, tracing his spine, his ribs, the dip in his back just above his jeans, his fingertips trailing goosebumps in their wake. He nipped Dean’s earlobe once before pushing Dean back by the waist, impatient to get rid of Dean’s shirt. Dean was very onboard with that, lifting his arms and tearing it off himself—too fast, it turned out, because he couldn’t help but hiss at the pull in his side.
Wasted on your eyes
n’ roll down the only road
At their ten minute morning break, he told Charlie he was going to be a sec and edged up to Dr. Moseley’s desk. “You wanted to see me?”
“Nope,” Eileen said, then she whipped her long wavy hair out of the way and signed something up at him with a wicked grin on her face. Sam signed something back garnering a quick response from Eileen. Instead of continuing the conversation, he caught one of her hands before she dropped it back to the table, and gave the back of it a kiss. It was incredibly sweet to witness, and while Cas was happy for them, underneath all that…it pressed against some lonely place inside of him, like an old wound, still tender, never fully healed.
“I don’t think you get it,” said Billie. “Take nu-metal, for example.”
Dean looked back over to see that Castiel had dropped his satchel, and now dozens of white papers were skipping across the grass, buoyed by the wind.
After a minute, Dean said, “How about this? If you promise to graduate and keep teaching, I’ll promise to get my GED. Even though, even though I want to give up. Even though every other morning I wake up wanting to escape, wanting to be someone like…the Cool Rider.”
“Just when I think they’re all grown up,” said Bobby, shaking his head. He rolled up to the lane to take his turn, as their game was well under way.
“Wait!” said Dean. “What’s your—?” But the rider was long gone.
Dean pounded his fist on his leg, his jeans absorbing the blow with a dull thump that wouldn’t reach the phone. “Yes, sir.”
“Pretty sure it started long before that.” Sam stared into his mug, but didn’t drink. Mullet plugged in another amp, and the tall man strummed a chord or two on an electric guitar. Sam glanced up at him, then back at Cas. “I really don’t want to relinquish my anonymity. Not yet, anyway. But soon…maybe. On my own terms.”
It was one thing to see the man in the dim light of the Roadhouse, but a whole different experience seeing him in the sunlight. He was tan from working outside, dirt smudged on one of his his cheekbones, the edge of his strong jaw, dark hair spilling over his forehead and slightly damp with sweat. Dean was tempted to get a little poetic and think that the wide, endless sky brought out a bright blue in his eyes, but he wondered whether it wasn't the other way around.
Charlie arrived on Sam and Eileen’s doorstep in a yellow AMC Gremlin, and toting a new haircut. She didn’t even say hi when Dean opened the door, but threw herself in his arms and squeezed him tight. “Don’t ever be an asshole like that to me again. You understand me?” Her voice was muffled in his chest, and more than a little teary, but Dean knew she was perfectly serious.
He’s had a lot of work to do anyway to make up for the years he’d spent away after Mary and John Winchester had died, and he’d dropped out of high school. First priority had been making enough money to rent an apartment for him and Sam, so they weren’t a drain on the Singers’ resources anymore. He was there for his brother now, driving him places when he needed a ride, playing video games, spending time with him. Trying to set a good example.
“Hello, Dean.”
“Ah,” said Billie. “If he’s the moose…” She started typing.
“Good. And,” she paused, tracking a couple of students who were arriving for the next class. She settled for saying, “Trust that I know the students a little better than you, and Ms. Hanscum is a bit of a loose cannon. Please make sure to keep everything school appropriate, hm?”
Dean had to swallow twice before he could respond. “Against what?”
“Not at school,” the kid answered dutifully. Dean winced in sympathy as Jack enthusiastically tugged on Sam’s hair, which his brother took with only half a grimace, and not a sound.
“Dude,” said Dean, “really?”
“I don’t think he knows about it,” said Cas thoughtfully.
“I think you begin to see why I’m in this business.”
“What’s good?” Castiel asked, indicating the menu.
“German. It’s Rammstein. A little of my own nineties nostalgia.”
Cas nodded, and Sam waved to Ellen behind the bar. No one else had come into the place even since they’d been sitting here, but another man had shown up at the back and was plucking at a bass guitar while Mullet was crouching next to an amp, fiddling with plugs and dials. The moment it turned on the deep vibrations filled the room, the kind that plucked at your heart behind the ribs so you could feel it.
Dean was still ramped up, despite some of his tension easing at Cas’s arrival. He closed his eyes, took a couple deep breaths, and tried to focus on the show. Siobhan was singing her heart out right now, and she deserved some listening to. After several seconds, he didn’t have to force himself anymore. The kids were doing a great job. The audience was loving it, laughing and gasping at all the right parts. Donna had done a killer job designing the set and Dean allowed himself a bit of pride at the pieces he’d lent a hand to build. The costumes, the lights, the music; everything was fantastic, and not a single speck of it would exist without Cas. When the song was over Dean applauded enthusiastically, casting a grin at his friend. Whatever it was he’d wanted to talk about must not be bothering him too much, because Cas was grinning right back.
Maybe the Rider enjoyed his anonymity. Maybe he really didn’t want to get to know Dean any better. Thought he was only good enough to pick up now and then for a night out, but not good enough for something more.
“Actu—”
Sam scooped it up, easy as you please, and tossed it again. “What does that mean, exactly?” he asked. Dean could see him trying to brace himself for disappointment.
“Not in the least,” Cas said.
Dean sat up then, throwing his hands in the air. “Oh, now you wanna go see the lighthouse?” he snarked.
. It was one thing to publish poetry that nameless, faceless people would read. It was definitely another to read it in front of people, talk about some of the most intimate moments in his life with them, with Castiel. For a brief, shining moment he considered faking illness, running out of the room, but he’d been silent too long. He could see the concern growing on Cas’s face, could almost see the question form on his lips. But Dean didn’t want to hear it. Not when thinking about this.
Dean sighed in relief. Now here was a subject he knew a lot about.
“Impossible,” Alastair growled.
“Yes!” Sam answered; he shared a look of delight with Cas before rushing out of the room, no doubt to start spreading the word.
Fucking nerdy little dude-flavored
“Please?”
Nevertheless it was eloquent. “Yeah, yeah. Guess no one else is gonna choose a song,” Dean sighed.
Dean looked back at his worn copy of
and Dean whirled around and threw the keys straight into the woods. “FUCK!” he screamed, then crumpled onto the trunk.
“From a friend,” said Cas. Dean jerked his hand back, but the professor didn’t seem angry. He was smiling fondly down at the bee, and there was something so…disarming about seeing a grown-ass man turn sweet and gooey over something so silly.
He nodded his thanks and said, “I was just pointing out that it’s been a while since Dean’s enjoyed the single life.”
He curled his fist over the rock, arm tensed to lift and chuck as far as he could. But slowly the urge faded, the tension released. “Whatever,” he muttered, and slipped it into his pocket.
“Hmm,” said Cas. “Let’s start with something simple.” Cas’s finger stopped and tapped a record, then reached to pull it from the shelf. A Glenn Miller album of some kind. Expertly Cas drew the record from the sleeve and placed it on the turntable, adjusting the needle to a track in the middle. The
The room began to shake, white light piercing through all the windows.
look he’d perfected walking around new places all over the country.
In truck cabs rising in quiet rows like metal monuments
“That’s the whole point, Claire,” said Cas. “I’m not a mogul, and have no desire to be. But I still know good music. That hasn’t changed.”
He almost said it. But of all people, Castiel was sure to recognize the reference. So he did not. “Goodbye, Cas,” he said instead.
It wasn’t the biggest lighthouse out there, but it was impressive. The iconic yellow brick tower with a squat building nestled beside it stood guard right at the edge of the cliff. It sat on a hill, reachable by a long concrete staircase, with the fog signal building to its left. It looked damn imposing from this perspective, looking up at something that had been presiding over the lake for almost a century. Tour guide said it was decommissioned, though. Kind of a bummer.
Dean lifted his head back up, and they looked at each other. He had the strange feeling that Cas had never said that truth aloud before. Dean imagined Castiel alone now, caught between the mountains and the lake, lost in the wilderness, insignificant and forgotten. It wasn’t fair.
“Pop country!” said Dean, knocking over two glasses in his outrage. “Not even good country! Just as, just as shitty as the overproduced shit in rock and Top For—Sammy, no!”
, and it was getting harder to tell friend from foe. So Dean punched and shoved his way through it all. “Sam!” he yelled. “Sammy!”
Cas buried his hands in his jacket pockets and sighed. “All this time?”
“Uh,” said Chuck, watching the liquid disappear with wide eyes. “Okay. Well. The vision was just about these two guys in a big black car.”
movies?”
—” Naomi’s lips thinned, and he redirected. “Anyway. You draw a box, and make as many compartments as there are variables. Then you take the man in the story problem, and you plug him in—”
“But I think I’m ready to read more. So I thought maybe you could help me? I know you’re really busy, but you’re always pretty good at pointing me in the direction. That’s all I need.”
Neither of them said a word until they walked around the front of the farmhouse and the Impala came into view. “Ah,” said Cas. “You drive the black beauty from the Roadhouse. I’d wondered.”
“…You sure?”
“Well, I am,” said Castiel. Sam snorted half a laugh, but Dean was looking at him with mild surprise. So Cas lifted his hands and wiggled his fingers. “Math teacher.”
, and only bees? Was the way he’d been upfront about who he’d worked for just a ruse to encourage trust? And what was with suddenly stopping in the middle of the song and walking out? Was that just a show, too? Even if it wasn’t, it had been odd. One minute he was into it, eyes closed, head back, really feeling it, and the next: frozen, pale, as if he’d seen a ghost. Cas was quiet and intense and had a staring problem, and was overall just a weird dude. And Dean was supposed to trust him?
Cas nodded for him to go on, and finally tried his beer. It was good—he couldn’t place it. Light but full of flavor. Must be something local.
“But I know less than you. I don’t even know what happened to your mother!” said Cas. Dean could almost believe he was actually desperate.
Dean shrugged and watched the screen go black, obliterating the words. “Those kids…” He took a drink and started over. “Most of them were convinced that one father was good and the other evil. Or that Roethke’s dad was overall shitty and that any fondness that came through for him in the poem was fucked up. Like he got Stockholm syndrome from his own dad. Or with Hayden like…he was totally ungrateful for all the work his dad did. And they just skipped over the ‘chronic anger’ like in this case it was excusable. Like there’s some kind of line a father has to cross before you’re allowed to hate him. Or fear him. But that also means you can’t—can’t love him.” Dean dropped an elbow on the table and rubbed his forehead. “Talking about it like any nice thing you feel for him is a lie. Like you’re some sad little victim whose mind is so twisted you can’t even trust your own damn feelings. They were so fucking judgmental and you could just tell from the way they talked about it they never had to…you know.”
He slapped his hand to his chest, felt his heart beating wildly against his ribcage, the bone all too solid. A terrible vise of bone.
Dean thought fast. Missouri said she wasn’t staying, but she definitely said something was happening. Would Dad be more or less likely to pull him off the case if she was helping out? If he didn’t trust her John would’ve outright said so, but he didn’t sound particularly warm toward her, either. He settled for bare truth. “She says something’s happening, not sure what.”
“Yeah? Good,” said Dean. He took the empty chair and twirled it around so he could sit backwards and rest his elbows on the top. “And what did you think, honey guy?”
“Yes sir,” said Cas.
Castiel opened his mouth, then closed it. He squinted down at the car. “Dean, I believe you just helped me out with an article I’m writing. Again.”
“My wife and I both hate the books. Much prefer cars. One more thing.” Bobby leaned forward in his chair. “If you’re really serious about this bike, we can guide you along to restoring it. But I’ve seen that look in your eye before. You want the thrill of the ride.”
“Not one,” he answered darkly.
“You’re not a burden,” Dean said sharply.
“Because that’s not what I was there for.”
But he didn’t let go of the book.
“Really? You think it was all crocodile tears when he died? You think that of me?”
“Dean, we can have a discussion about cost prohibitive education another time. But if we’re purely speaking on merit, there is no one stopping you from being here but yourself. There’s no separate world where you do or don’t belong—I’m sure if you asked your brother about it, he’d agree with me. I didn’t have a single problem teaching you before, especially when it was a topic that inspired you. I’d say poetry’s a pretty safe bet.” She gave him a significant look.
Dean glanced up to see the man from last night—Castiel—coming into the dining room from an unobtrusive door in the corner. He was still wearing the same blue sweater, his dark hair sticking up in a bit of a mess, but truly not a tired edge about him. Though it must have been nearing the end of his shift given what time it was. He’d been there when Dean had arrived, after all. Regardless Castiel seemed genuinely interested when he crouched down to take a look at her find. “That’s a very good one,” he said seriously.
“They don’t belong to us, none of them do,” said Cas. “They’re not our tools!”
“You misunderstand,” said Castiel, pushing her back as gently as he knew how. “This body is not your son’s. I swear it.”
Dean couldn’t help a chuckle. “You’re a sick man, Castiel Novak. But I guess I can reserve judgment until I see him.” He opened the driver’s door and had one boot in the footwell before Cas stopped him.
Those paying attention clapped, and Dean turned and nodded at the others. He strummed his guitar and Ash hit his drums; rest.
Then when it was Castiel’s turn, he proved his nerdiness to the core by awkwardly rolling a gutterball. On his second attempt, he actually tossed the ball hard onto the wood so that it rang out in a loud thump on the hardwood…and then also became a gutterball.
“This is Castiel. He helps the Mullens out with CC’s Bees.”
Dean shrugged off his flannel and gently rubbed the worst of it away. The Rider wrapped an arm around Dean’s waist to coax him closer, then tugged the flannel from his hand, dropping it at their feet. Dean shivered, staring wide-eyed at his reflection in the helmet’s visor. His Rider slid his other arm around his back, his fingers brushing the bare skin above his white tank, below the fine hairs on Dean’s neck. There was as little between them as there’d ever been: no bike, no leather, no jackets or flannels. No more fear. Dean undid the strap of the Cool Rider’s helmet and closed his eyes. He took a breath, then lifted and tossed it way. His hands found their place cradling the man’s jaw, rough with new stubble. He squeezed his eyes tighter shut.
Cas smiled so that his nose crinkled. “On the inside.” Turning back to the ipod, he clicked a few more times. “Ah, now this is a song I haven’t heard in the
“I will,” she said. “Tolkien’s one of my favorites too so that’s really cool that a famous band references him, I had no idea. What about you, is Kerouac one of your favorites?”
Dean jerked to a stop where Paradise Cove met the highway, looked both ways, then put the pedal to the metal.
A single dollar can buy,
And you ride and you ride,
Sam had been right about the forecast; the sky was clear but for a few clouds, and the wind light. The trees were tall and still green in the late summer, crowding either side of the road and dipping over it in places, a natural canopy. Every now and then houses could be glimpsed between them, small, paint peeling, many of them in deep disrepair. Dean stuck to the county roads and left the highway for people in a hurry, enjoying the curves, the rises and falls with all the riders taking their bikes out for air; they revved their engines and tipped their helmets at the sight of a gorgeous classic like Baby, and Dean waved in acknowledgment, elbow sitting on the frame of his open window. Most of the groups passed him well over the speed limit, hugging the bends, really leaning into it, leather stretching across their backs and legs.
After a couple minutes of searching through the underbrush near the road—deer nowhere to be seen—he found his keys. Thankfully they’d hit a tree not too far in. He trudged back to his car and sighed, pausing to rest his hand on the hood halfway around. “Sorry, Baby,” he said.
After dinner Eileen took her turn with Jack while Sam got some work done at the kitchen table. Dean washed the dishes, replaying the conversation he’d had with Missouri in his head.
like…well like I don’t think it ever used to be. We were born into it. We thrive on it. And the way Dean plays…”  Sam shrugged and shook his head, unable to find the words. He took a swig of his beer and watched the growing crowd around them. Then he locked back onto Cas. “Look. We lost our parents early, which isn’t easy. And then—when I thought I’d grown up—I pushed him away, taking the songs we wrote together and letting them get twisted into something else. The label convinced me I was better than him, that he was holding me back. For a while I believed it. So then Dean went off and joined his own band, they got caught up in the life and drowned and he nearly drowned himself…and he must have been a damn mess but when I finally swallowed my pride and called him for help, after
except for his car, and rent. He was by no means rolling in it, but the auto shop had paid okay, and he’d had no one but himself to spend money on for the last couple of years. And now Sam and Eileen’s generosity—a small bedroom next to Jack’s—meant that rent was taken care of. Dean could afford it, even if he didn’t go back to work until January when the semester was done. He hemmed and hawed all day in the quiet house, with his brother and sister at work, and Jack at daycare.
He and Charlie still didn’t know each other, not really, but somehow they had shared some of the darkest shadows in their hearts to each other, and even if Dean never saw her again, he knew for that alone he would remember her forever.
“What, from Garrison Records?”
Cas took his hand and removed it gently. “I understand, Dean. None of us want that.”
“Cooool,” Jack repeated.
“I’ll have a cheeseburger, everything on it.”
Sam ducked his head and shook with a silent sob. After composing himself he continued, “He brought it up. He pointed it out and he recounted the entire play for the goal I scored that game. Couldn’t believe he remembered it. I mean, it was one of the only games he ever made it to, but still. And then he asked about me. When I told him about Eileen he wanted to know all about her, too, wanted to meet her. I’d sent you off to keep her company, remember? I didn’t want her in the room, if he was going to let me have it.”
The three of them stared as the Rider turned into the large lot. He was halfway across it heading for their position when Dean came back to himself. “Oh shit,” he said. “A little privacy, guys?” He pushed a little at Billie’s shoulder, but she was implacable.
On anyone else Dean honestly wouldn’t give a shit but these weren’t just any shirt and jeans. The shirts were always plain, solid colors, all of them v-necks that showed a tantalizing hint of collarbone. They were always tight around his upper arms and who knew he had some muscle? Come to think of it, he’d overheard him and Victor chatting once about what gym Cas could use once he no longer had access to the one on campus. Something about sprinters needing to build up more muscle than distance runners? It must have been the case, because simple and cheap as the jeans probably were, they wrapped tight around the thighs and snug on the ass and god help Dean if he were carrying anything when he saw it. He’d already dropped one plate and enough silverware that Rufus has been giving him the stink-eye a week straight.
“Does Dean know?” he asked.
Dean pushed at Cas’s waist now, and Cas allowed it. Dean guided him backwards to the bed. His intention had been to shove him onto it and join him, but Castiel sat on its edge and would be pushed no further. With a hand on the small of Dean’s back and the other under his thigh, he used Dean’s weight against him to draw him down onto his lap. A small noise of surprise escaped into the kiss, and Dean pulled away to blink down at him. Cas just raised an eyebrow. It was clear that having sex with a guy was not as new to him as it was to Dean, but sue him, alright, Dean was a big fucking guy and yet his knees were on the bed, legs on either side of Cas’s, Dean’s full weight on his thighs and the dude didn’t seem bothered at all. Dean found it arousing despite himself. He must have had some dumb kind of shocked look on his face, too, because Cas gave him a little smirk before cupping the back of his head and drawing him into another kiss.
“No kidding,” said Jody, taking interest. Apparently Sam was somehow involved in the social system too, because the two couples immediately fell into conversation. Dean sidled further into the kitchen, taking Jody’s place as Missouri’s helper. He didn’t look over to the dining table. Castiel tamped down his disappointment.
Dean took him in, bright eyes, thick stubble, and pulled him flush with his chest, sweaty and dirt-smudged shirt and all. “Me neither,” he whispered into his lips, and kissed the chuckle out of Castiel’s mouth.
“Come on, Dean!” shouted Sam, bounding up the steps to the front porch. The door was already opening to reveal golden light and a barking Rumsfeld. Dean hurried, knowing what he’d find inside: a house filled to bursting with sparkling decorations, good food, and even better company.
The fireplace lounge area, he saw, with its great wooden beam ceilings extended out into the dining room all the way to the far wall. There were several wooden tables of various sizes neatly organized in the space, many set up against the large windows that either looked north to the woods, or east to the lake. Each one was set up and ready for customers with blue cups upturned in their saucers in front of each chair. A small cluster of condiments and the like sat like islands in the middle of them or against the wall depending: salt and pepper shakers, small bowls of sugar and butter, and little racks of Smuckers jelly, ready and waiting.
The hallway was quiet. He walked down the length of it slowly. A couple doors were open, leading to peeks into classrooms filled with maybe twenty desks apiece, large windows just like the ones on the landings lining the walls. At the other end the doors were closed, labeled with professors’ names but one, the last one, was open.
There was no strange creature. It was just Castiel, paused in the middle of mopping, head bowed. As for the wings, all the chairs in the dining room were upturned and on top of the tables. The large mass of shadows must have been them, growing bigger and smaller as the lightning allowed.
“Yes?”
“Praha,” Castiel breathed, remembering it all at long last. It made sense now why he had sought her now in his hour of need. “The cathedral.”
Dean huffed a laugh. He missed her. He really, really did. When was the last time they’d actually seen each other in person? A year ago at least, he decided. She’d just dropped by Kansas one day unannounced with video games in one hand and a
“Ashamed? Nah,” Dean shrugged. “Long time ago, maybe. Even a few years ago at that. But I’m over it, I guess. Doesn’t mean I want to be waving a flag around, you know?”
“Thanks,” he said. Then he nodded toward the stage. “You can go talk to them, you know. They’re just arguing over the setlist like every night. I’m sure they’d be glad for the distraction.” With that, he went on to serve a couple of women who’d come up to the bar.
“Now we’re talking.”
Sam snorted. “Music’s better without it.”
“What does that mean, you don’t know?”
“It’s Az!” she repeated, frantic. “He’s outside.”
He smiled so big it hurt. “I’ll remember.” That was probably good enough, for if he took on the case and happened to run into her. He poked at his last couple pieces of bacon. “Why did you come all the way to Paradise Cove for breakfast?”
“It’s hardly charity,” Castiel snapped. “I gain my own study partner, for one, but I actually like hanging out with you, Dean, in case you haven’t noticed. I like when you make snarky comments when you refill my coffee and I like playing chess with you and I
A pause. Dean berated himself for not watching his tone better. “We have a problem, Dean?”
Cas snatched his homework and flipped through a couple of pages. “Hm.”
. Dean and Charlie hadn’t quite become friends, but had reached an amiable understanding in which half her small gas station fare was traded for half of Dean’s sandwich or leftovers (and if Dean was being more generous in the food he packed himself, well, no one had to know).
Dean sped through the night, barely stopping long enough for gas, his fear dogging him like a hound at his heels. There would be no sleep. Then, at last, the dawn sun the barest golden hint on the horizon behind him, Dean rolled to a stop, his headlight splashing against the gates of Singer Salvage.
Dean stood frozen. Would he really have memorized a stanza of Jack Allen of his own volition? Was this a test? Had Castiel somehow found out who he was? No, no way. No one who knew would have said anything, and he never wrote what kind of car the ‘Beast’ was. Cas just seemed to…like that poem? Did Castiel actually like Dean’s poetry?
After a pit stop at his car to grab his tools, Dean walked over to the barn to find the tractor waiting, just like Colette had said. He took his time and did a thorough job of looking through the engine, and checking the tires, everything he could do without being able to put it on a lift. It was only in the upper 50s or low 60s, and the wind was cold, but there were no clouds to shade the sun and soon Dean had his flannel tied around his waist, and sweat was starting to soak through his plain shirt.
“You think I took my wife’s name because I’m some kind of progressive? Come on, ask.”
“I tried to tell you—”
“You have to turn around.”
He went.
“More than once,” said Cas.
Some paradise.
?” He picked a spot on Dean’s ribs and really dug in.
“Rematch next week,” said Sam, and a couple of the kids agreed. Sam hefted his bag onto his shoulder, though the other students lingered to chat. “Geez, Dean, did you have to come in?”
“Is he working with demons?”
“Sounds familiar,” said Dean.
Nirvana -
“Yep.” He shoved a bunch of fries into his mouth.
“Sam, stay back,” said Dean, holding an arm across his chest before he could step closer.
Beecake's cover of World Without Sundays -
If Castiel could argue that rock music references gave the poems depth…and if those songs had references to literature like
“Sure,” said James.
“Other than yours?” said Cas. “No.”
Dean stretched his arms in a V and resettled. “Damn, that was good. You see her do that at the Kennedy Honors?”
Cas felt a pump of adrenaline. The word choice was just too specific. This might be it, then. “I’m not picky about who I sleep with” —Dean’s gaze sharpened— “but I can barely boil water, so I hardly see what making mulled wine has to do with it.”
moment, between what was, and what could be. When he felt brave enough, he turned back around. Dean was still there, eyes trained on him, waiting.
Dean eyed the phone with suspicion. “You recorded this shitshow? Really?”
“Sounds good,” said Dean. She hurried off to buy a couple pitchers of beer from the bar.
That Monday when he got to school, Charlie was already in her seat. She looked up at him and smiled.
He’d cross that bridge if he ever got to it.
Eileen walked up to Cas and grinned. “These two could take all day to out-stubborn each other. My advice is take the beer and run.”
“Oh, I know,” he said, with that false veneer of pleasantness, “how about a bit of keying cars?” In one swift movement, he shut off his bike, stood, and twirled the keys on his finger. He curled his lip at Dean, and starting striding toward the Impala.
Charlie rolled her eyes. “Real nice, Dean.” She switched her beer to her left hand and held out her right. “I’m Charlie. This is Billie, and that’s Victor. So how do you know my stunningly attractive and yet lacking in manners friend?”
“You keep your junk drawer in your nightstand?”
Masters of their own destinies,
As soon as Dean broke free of the last person who snagged his attention, he lifted his head and zeroed in on his brother, smiling like just seeing him there made him happy. Sam returned the smile without artifice, and it held just a tinge of that brotherly hero worship that Sam had mentioned earlier, even in his mid-thirties and under the poor lighting of a dingy South Dakota bar.
“I’m fine for now,” Cas assured her.
A few days later, Cas got back to his house on the edge of the Mullen property after a long morning of helping Cain get things set up on the farm, now that spring seemed like it might be here to stay. The house was really little more than a cabin, but painted a pretty white and circled by a garden all his own. He’d come on far too late last year to plant anything, but the Mullens had given him permission to do what he wanted with the small area around the house. The couple of creaky wooden steps and tiny porch could probably use a handyman’s touch—he knew Cain and Colette had a jack-of-all trades they liked, he should get his contact information—but the garden was definitely going to come first.
“Regardless I recommend him for signing,” said Cas, stepping into Dean’s space. Even with the added few inches of the stage, Dean was shorter than him sitting on the amp. He used his height to loom a little this time, just enough to make Dean look up at him. “Because boy, can he play guitar.”
"Uh," Dean sputtered. Of all the things he’d expected his professor to say— He knew even less how to respond to that, how to protect his secret while his soul was so open, but Cas was looking at him expectantly and he had to say something. "I guess." Castiel’s eyebrows rose slowly, an unmistakable request for clarification. "I mean yes, but, like, a little." My god could he be any less eloquent. Words were always so much easier on paper.
It was as effective as ever. Dean sighed. “Okay, Sammy.”
have your chat.” He slapped a palm on the desk. “Until next time, Castiel.” He gave Dean a wide berth when he left.
“Shit,” said the rider. “Another time.”
The corner store was only a block away, and he was able to make quick work of Missouri’s list: a 4-pack of chicken breasts, another bag of potatoes, a couple more blocks of sharp Vermont cheddar. Missouri’s house wasn’t more than a fifteen minute walk from there, so it was no trouble carrying the goods with him, his satchel slung across his shoulder. He climbed up and down the sidewalks and breathed in the last of the year’s flowers, admiring the trees that were just starting to blush into their fall colors.
“I never said that.”
Castiel blinked, recalibrating. “Oh. I’ve been thinking about how we can start up theatre again for the spring semester.”
“Dean.” He only hesitated a moment before accepting the shake, his hand covered in tell-tale guitarist callouses. “How’s Colette?”
Inverted image
There was one last thing Cas told them he needed to do: take a drive.
“I hope you regulars don’t mind that I invited my old friends. I knew the brothers Winchester when they were still boys, back when we all lived in South Dakota. Wine?” Missouri offered them as an aside. They nodded. She took three more wine glasses from one of her cupboards. “I thought you all might have a few things in common.”
“Quite the opposite,” said Cas. “I was just trying to listen to it” —he tapped his head— “how it should be.”
“O-kay,” Dean drawled. “Don’t think about it or nothin'.”
the bike. It needs more than a paint job to make it street legal, I can tell you that much.” He gave Cas a considering look from under the brim of his cap. “What do you know about bikes?”
Dean was not the first hunter to have stumbled upon Paradise Cove; Castiel had known immediately what he was the moment he stepped into the lodge, covered in a cloud of exhaustion and fear, smelling of blood and salt and bone. Most hunters were good people trying their best in a too harsh world. Castiel respected them for protecting others while he, stuck in his sphere, could not. But Dean was different.
Cas pressed play and twisted a little so he could rest an arm on the back of the couch, and have a good angle to look down at Dean. Dean met his gaze, listening to the guitar and tambourine pouring into his ears. After a few bars the lyrics came, only half-sung, in a masculine voice with a non-American accent.
“So you know the county sheriff. One of your best friends is a cop. You can—”
“What were they like?” Castiel asked. “Your parents?”
That was the only explanation, because there was no other pattern to it. No certain days or number of times per week. Just Dean, depressed and exhausted, walking out the door to find his Rider waiting for him. Without a word, he’d hold out the extra helmet and abscond with Dean into the night. Some days they’d just go back to the river park and make out until Dean was a puddle in his arms, but a lot of times they just rode. They’d hop on the highway aiming out of the city, riding for miles and miles on empty asphalt just to feel the engine purr. The yellow lines unspooled before them in the bike’s bright headlight, the topography of the prairie gently rising and falling as they sped past like the breathing of some great, ineffable thing. Before turning around to head back home, they’d exit the highway and hare off deep into the country, onto gravel roads or fields that the bike handled no problem. The first time they’d come up to a rural intersection stop sign Dean had dug his fingers into the Rider’s jacket and held his breath, fully expecting him to breeze through like most people. But he slowed, stopped, actually turned his head to look both ways. Dean had sighed in relief. His trust hadn’t been misplaced.
“You quit?” Eileen signed when they were done.
“There can be no true Paradise,” said Castiel, “if it comes at the expense of someone like Dean.”
Cas wrapped his arm around his shoulders to keep him steady. “You must think of Gabriel.”
Though the sky was now overcast, there was still a strip of blue over the water where they hadn’t reached. He considered that Castiel had warned the other guests that there was a storm coming soon, and weighed that against what he’d just learned about Hibbing. His eyes fell on the firepit that sat near the low rope fence that lines the cliff, then the little cabin not too far from it. He thought of his own cabin, clean and cozy and quiet.
“I think in production they just kinda,” Billie made a swooshing movement with her hand. “Smooth things out.”
Cas refocused his attention and raised his eyebrow at him. “Do I?”
She smiled gently. “I do. You know I got that ‘doctor’ in front of my name for studying poetry.”
“Yeah?” said Dean. “Then what are you?”
“Uh, nope,” Dean admitted.
“Like I lived a whole other life,” said Abaddon.
Only one table was occupied, however. It was a family made up of a little girl, her parents, and her grandmother, presumably. Dean  couldn’t really pinpoint it but they had an air of vacation about them, the younger three wearing shorts and t-shirts and the grandma in a floral summer dress. Their plates were half empty. Even as Dean watched, the girl hopped down from her seat and came running toward him. He stilled, but it was quickly apparent she hadn’t noticed him at all; she knelt down before even reaching the fireplace or the stack of logs beside it, next to a little stand full of picturebooks.
“Then I suppose I owe you a burger.”
“Be specific, Castiel,” said Naomi, poring over her AP Calc lessons for the next week.
Castiel didn’t hesitate. He went right beneath the giant lens and climbed the ladder to a small opening just beneath it. As he climbed, the lens slowly began to rotate. With one hand he reached up to touch it, and the other he reached back down to Dean. “Hurry.”
It was nearing the end of July and pushing 100 degrees, and all the garage doors were open at the auto shop for some kind of air flow. Dean didn’t let it bother him; on his break he simply shucked his coveralls, washed his hands, and went for a walk. He had a few bucks in his wallet and figured that maybe something other than the paltry sandwiches he made himself for lunch would be novel enough to calm the niggling voice telling him to
“Mm?”
Dean bit his tongue and bided his time. When the rush was over, the last plate sent along with Jo, Ellen went out front to check on the bar. Quickly but thoroughly Dean cleaned the stove and the grill, then hipchecked his brother away from the sink. “You’re supposed to wear gloves, doofus,” he said, pulling on a yellow pair himself. Sam just sighed, giving his head a small shake to get the hair out of his eyes. But he let Dean take over the washing without fuss, and instead started drying all the odd pots and pans he’d already taken care of. The noise out in the bar swelled and ebbed as the kitchen door swung open again, Ellen making her way back to her office.
Sam, who’d come up to look, but is hands on his hips. “You look like a pimp.”
“But—”
David Bowie -
“Would you be willing to let me sit in on a session? That way I can assess both of you on your original work.”
“You fell in love?”
“Michigan.”
There was a slight softening to the set of Castiel’s shoulders, and his nose crinkled in another one of those small smiles. “Thank you, Dean.”
