It was extremely difficult to take someone else's well crafted world and follow in their footsteps (Brandon Sanderson/Robert Jordan Wheel of Time series anyone????). But I think we have come up with something that remains true to the original concept, but also makes it a bit our own as well.
Per the original text,  the author establishes that under normal circumstances, an Alpha can smell an Omega from five miles away. This distance increases to fifty miles if the Omega is in heat. See:
blind.
John snorted at the Anderson comment, ill-timed thought it might be, but didn’t have the heart to tell Sherlock that he highly doubted their bonding was a ‘controlled’ choice. Harlan had left him with the impression that his and Lisa’s bond was, at best, a last ditch effort to salvage their friendship, or at worse a result of Harlan’s rut left too long unresolved. He covered his momentary unease by clearing his throat. “So not Harlan then, another Alpha?”
He rubbed a distracted hand over his lower abdomen and muses darkly to himself. If he had never met Sherlock, never limped across that threshold into that lab, the only one who would have ever known he was born an Omega would’ve been the pathologist doing his post-mortem after he ate his gun in that beige bedsit. Those grim thoughts haunted his clouded brain as he was assisted to his room, the drugs taking full effect, making him sluggish, desperate, and weak.
After a long moment, Sherlock relaxed into the kiss and emitted a satisfied sigh, cradling John’s face in his big hands while running each thumb against the stubble of his skin. It was a tender kiss, a gentle affirmation that they were both alive and finally safe, both from those that would do them harm, and even themselves.
By the time
“It’s all right. You…uhh...keep guarding the door and I will, err rub myself against your back?”
“Lysander?” She asked with a toothy grin, and John was one second from losing his fucking cool.
“What about Lisa?”
When I stopped using I found I had no further reason to continue to engage in sexual behaviour - SH
He passed door after door, each brimming with darkness, until he came across a hallway somewhere off from the kitchen and close to the garage. It was narrow, lined with wood panelling that had seen better days. John slowed, heart pulsing painfully in his chest. With his Sig out in front of him, knees soft, he placed one foot slowly in front of the other.
He could smell John’s building arousal, and he could feel it, evident of course by the solid erection rubbing against his own, but also by the way his movements were gradually changing.
”Hey. Watson.”
”I see,” said Dr. Riyat.
And although Sherlock couldn’t be sure, he thought that there might be a word that might accurately describe what he had seen in John’s eyes, when John looked at him. Yes, he was almost certain that in John’s eyes, there had been-
”Do you know what I’m saying?” he asked, and when Sherlock managed to say yes, he was rewarded with another soft kiss on the lips.
Begins to scroll. The knot in stomach gets tighter as he sees the amount of texts exchanged; weeks and weeks of flirty conversation. How could he be so stupid to allow himself to think-
”Sherlock - you made me watch you kill yourself and then you let me grieve, for two bloody years!”
Sherlock had begun to stab the olives with a toothpick.
When Sherlock had gathered courage to ask some of them about John, they had all gotten a pained expression in their eyes, started talking about how great Gabe was. Said that Sherlock should ’let the past be in the past’. Proceeded to litter his mind with more truisms.
“John, I-“ he’d begun, and John had looked up from his newspaper, with that gaze that had been so empty, ever since it all happened. It had made Sherlock’s uneasiness worse, making his words falter.
“Yes...” Sherlock seemed to have some trouble meeting John's eyes.
Ah. Now he sees where this is going. And he
John groans loudly out into the room, strains to keep his hips still. Sherlock’s taking him deep; John feels his cock hitting against the roof of his mouth, his throat.
John’s warm, fuzzy mood appeared to have carried over into the sex, because Sherlock had never before felt him this overwhelmingly affectionate.
John stands up but is still hesitating.
Sherlock decided to let go. Or maybe he just couldn’t resist any longer. He exhaled, a loud, drawn out ’ohhh’, and allowed himself to buck up into John’s grip.
But not yet. It had been killing him, ever since that night in December. Over the time that had passed since then, he had tried to keep it out of his mind, but more often than not, hadn’t been able to. It had been a more or less constant source of agony, of pain, of restless days and sleepless nights. The fact that he hadn’t been free to tell Sherlock about his divorce.
Sherlock felt tears coming into his eyes. It was strange, hearing someone who didn’t know him put into words exactly what he had been feeling. He suddenly thought he really liked Dr. Riyat.
”Who is John texting?”
They all broke out in a loud laugh, and even John couldn’t help but join in. Sherlock’s grumpy expression gave way, now he was basking in the attention from the others. And in the midst of laughter, John finally managed to catch Sherlock’s eyes, and to his enormous relief, he could see that his defenses were down at last.
It had been so easy to put the thoughts about Sherlock’s eventual sexuality out of his mind, back then. Tried not to think about it, figured that most likely Sherlock wasn’t into sex at all, probably way to messy and undignified for him, to pathetically
Despite John’s mouth having gone dry and his muscles tensed to the point it threatened to break the coffee mug he had picked up in his efforts to appear relaxed, he still felt bad for Sherlock. Of course he should be allowed to briefly see his ex without having to have a nervous breakdown in front of John.
”Oh,” said Sherlock, looking awkward. ”Good, I think. I, er, moved out a couple of months ago.” His eyes were firmly fixed on his shoes.
Mycroft shook his head in exasperation.
Sherlock turned to look at him quizzically. ”No?”
”As always, you’re a step ahead,” John said and went about to do the same thing.
“John. I appreciate the gesture, but I really don't care to discuss this with you. It doesn’t even matter anymore. It was quite enough to come home to learn that Sherlock apparently is a heroin junkie!” He shook his head in disbelief.
It was his fault, because he hadn’t seen it coming. He really had been clueless about Mary. Had failed John, and in the process, made it painfully clear that he wasn’t all that John had thought him to be.
”I’m not,” he said, and saw a hundred unspoken questions in John’s eyes.
During the years John lived at Baker Street, he had eventually made some sort of peace with the fact that Sherlock…
John could feel Sherlock’s hot breath on his skin, as Sherlock raised himself on one elbow and sort of hovered over him, staring at his cock. John thought that he should probably feel a bit embarrassed or self-conscious at this thorough examination, but all he could think about right now was what it would be like to be inside Sherlock’s mouth.
” I couldn't risk it,” said Sherlock quietly, but John was too fuming now to notice.
He pulls Sherlock by the arm until he falls down right next to him, and despite the fact that he just came, he still feels a new shiver of arousal as he watches Sherlock licking traces of his semen from the corners of his mouth.
How to show your firm stance while also being careful not to escalate the conflict. How to try to connect emotionally with the opponent, to level the field.
Sherlock decided it was time to step in. Until now, he'd kept a very low profile, but now he took a few quick steps towards the angry woman. He made sure to school his expression into one of concerned authority.
”Seems like yesterday, that night,” Sherlock said with a faint smile.
“Mycroft, this is John Watson. I don't have a phone at the moment, I'm in the flat at Baker Street. Please contact me as soon as possible, I need to know how he's doing and if there's anything I can do. Call me at this number, or on my usual one after 10 o'clock in the morning. Thanks.”
”My black winter gloves. I think they’re in a box in my- in the bedroom.”
She throws her skinny arms around his neck, and they sit like that for a long moment, until John decides to try to lighten things up again. Tickles her until she howls with laughter.
”As it turns out, I deserved it,” he said. ”I really had no clue! I mean, we used to party pretty hard in our twenties, but this-” he made a flailing gesture. ”I had no idea he’d gotten into this sort of stuff.”
Footsteps on the stairs, approaching.
They were standing so close, facing each other. The music was loud and a hundred people buzzed around them, but Sherlock was the only one John could see.
All this seemed to have a remarkable effect on Sherlock, and John could feel his entire body tense up more. He was violently bucking his hips up against John's, he was twisting and squirming and panting, but did not make any effort to break the grip of John's hands on his wrists.
Dark blonde locks spilled over the white linen pillowcase. Normally he would have wax in his hair to keep the waves softly slicked back, but now his hair was all unruly. Sherlock liked it like that too. Naked torso and grey jogging bottoms, they had used his pyjama trousers to clean up the mess they had made earlier when-
”Sherlock!” she squealed, ”what a lovely surprise!” She leaped up and kissed his cheek, then sat back down again. ”It’s been ages!”
”You’re absolutely perfect,” John whispered to him, then continued to place reverent kisses on his stomach. The tenderness of John’s every move made Sherlock’s heart ache with pain.
”John,” he said, his voice thick and different. ”You were dangerous before, but now you’re lethal.”
John took a moment to carefully scan the people around them. To his surprise, he did actually discover that a few people, indeed, seemed to have not only noticed but also found it significant enough to lean over their tables, whisper a bit, linger a bit too long with their glances. How utterly ridiculous, John thought.
”Must have been like a childhood dream come true, eh! Being the serious doctor in the daytime and kicking the ass of bad guys at night. A proper Clark Kent/Superman set up!” Richard laughed out loud, pleased with his own metaphor.
””course you were, lid,” Sherlock says again, softly. ”Been there meself. Done the same.”
Sherlock, of course, ducked down with perfect timing, allowing John to block the attack and then knock the guy to the ground with a tightly controlled fist. The three friends who came running against them turned out to be just as easy to fend off, and it was over as quickly as it had begun.
”John,” he mumbled from down there, ”John… do you have any idea of how much you turn me on…?”
“Oh my god,” John whispered when he had caught his breath again. “That was amazing. You're amazing. Wow, Sherlock-”
”Sherlock had taken the dog out to play, even though we’d told him not to. It was late afternoon, in the winter, getting dark already. The car didn’t have a chance to see that dog before it was too late. Poor thing, there was nothing the vet could do to save him. He had to be put down.”
”Wait,” he says, intense eyes fixed on a picture.”Wait, let me see that last one.”
Previous live-in partner. He realized that must mean him. John wanted to stop reading, but couldn’t allow himself to.
There was no reply, not for hours, but just as John had switched of his computer and was getting ready to leave the clinic, his phone chimed again. He tore it out of his pocket.
No! Why was he even thinking that! Stupid. John’s not gay.
And then everything happened in a slow motion sort of way. Mary was seated across from him so she couldn’t see, but John was facing Sherlock and he realized it could only be a matter of seconds now, and yes, there, Sherlock had raised his head and was scanning the room, and yes, there was the moment when his gaze met John’s.
”SHUT UP, okay, Sherlock!” John realises he’s shouting, takes a breath to calm down. Continues in a softer voice. ”Just- shut up.” Sherlock raises his eyebrows but is actually quiet for a while, thankfully. ”You really are clueless sometimes, know that?”
“Now who's turned on?” John said in a voice that was only a whisper. He smiled.
Sherlock huffs. ”It’s just a day like any other, randomly assigned an unjustified importance.”
Mary's crazy outbursts had successively gotten less frequent, and for that, he was very grateful. It had been pure hell in the beginning, truth be told. She was unpredictable and moody, and he could never be sure what would await him. A few times in the beginning, she'd taunted him about Sherlock, but it seemed like he'd managed to put an effective stop to that, now. Perhaps even Mary could tell when John Watson was close to be pushed beyond the edge of self restraint.
. If there was one thing John was fairly certain he had never done, it was to have sex that wasn’t entirely consensual. He closes his eyes against the thought, as if that could help.
”I want you to be happy," Sherlock had said. ”Maybe if you tell me how often you need to hear it, and on which occasions, I could say it on that schedule?” he had offered. But that was apparently also wrong, evident by the fact that Gabriel had actually started to cry, which was both rare and unsettling.
Mycroft locked his eyes on John.
“To your brother,” he said, faintly aware he was slurring quite significantly now.
Sherlock was not looking up, but he felt the mattress move as John sat down on the edge.
And sometimes, when Gabe was out of town and the ache in his chest got too strong, Sherlock would take them out. He would sleep with the chain around his neck, holding the tags in his hand, feel the cold metal slowly warm up to body temperature.
Sherlock actually looked taken aback at this.
“I've hardly lacked opportunities,” Sherlock said and there was a little bit of his usual pride back in his voice, John was glad to notice it. He suddenly got aware of the weirdness in the fact of his hand still on Sherlock's dick, and slowly removed it, placed it on his thigh instead.
”At Sherlock?” Caroline’s voice is easier to hear, the pitch more distinguished from the noise in the kitchen. Sherlock nervously waits to see where this conversation is headed.
John wondered to himself.
The strength of that thought actually surprised him a bit.
”When?” he growled in Sherlock’s ear, still jerking him aggressively. ”When can I fuck you?”
The idea had presented itself yesterday, but John hadn't made the final decision until this morning. Now that his mind was made up, he walked in a brisk pace for about thirty minutes, not allowing himself even a second’s hesitation. He knew that if he did, there would be no way for him to go through with it.
Thank you Alihahdnaid for the prompt on the dog! :)
John smiled a little. ”Alright. But you have to promise to tell me if you want to stop. We do not have to do this you know.”
Gabe put an arm around Sherlock and pulled him in close. ”The guy’s an actor, Sherly. He’s in movies and some big tv-thing.”
”And I.. it was Molly who pointed it out to me… we think he might have a.. what’s the proper word for it… a boyfriend.”
It was absolutely, utterly, and completely unreal. An hour ago, he’d been trudging through the snow with a blank mind, it had been just another night, albeit one with bad weather.
”Good night,” Sherlock says as Daddy’s leaving. ”Sleep tight. Don’t let the bedbugs… bite.”
He got back on top of Sherlock, and thought briefly that this was quickly turning out to be his favorite position to be in with Sherlock. He had access to touch him practically everywhere, and also had a great visual of the most important parts. He combed his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, then moved them to touch those small hard nipples again. Sherlock shivered at the touch.
John felt an overwhelming happiness spreading throughout him at a fire’s pace. The possible implications of what Sherlock had just said.
Not having to deal with the constant ache and apprehension that came from knowing it could end at any time if the other person found themselves a good enough date.
”Fuck! Sherlock, fucking hell-,” John exclaimed out into the room, pushing hard into Sherlock’s hand.
”Go on, we’re listening,” prompted Mary.
C2H5OH is the chemical formula for ethanol (alcohol).
”I know from the media that you have a remarkable intellect,” he said. ”That you’ve turned observation into an art. ’The science of deduction’, right?”
Close friends as they had been, they had never talked about sexual preferences or relationships, well not if you didn’t count that horribly awkward conversation the first night, at Angelo’s.
Once again, John got the feeling that it was some sort of cork out of a bottle-effect he was witnessing - as if Sherlock had been holding back all those things, all this time. Waiting to be able to tell them to John.
SNAFU - Situation Normal, All Fucked Up
," he heard his brother’s voice again, "
”God Sherlock, fuck, fuck-” he heard John groan. Sherlock tried with all his might to focus, because he didn’t want to miss this for the world.
Sherlock felt like he was going to go mad with desire. This was really happening. He heard himself make a desperate sound of some kind.
John grabs the base of the condom and pulls out, and Sherlock winces. Flops down on the bed next to him, and they lie there for a long moment, catching their breath, not speaking but just looking at each other.
John felt the almost conditioned response of adrenaline and anticipation come over him. It had been so long, and he had missed it so much. But real life had other plans for him, and it pained him to have to turn Sherlock down.
”Why are you being so impossible about this! Molly said she thinks it’s equal parts research and teaching. You’d get full access to the lab, you know, you’d get your own assistants, and she even said they’d let you choose freely what you want to focus your research on. Think of the opportunities! And then you’d teach part time!”
”Your.. ’friend’?” he smiled with lips pressed hard together, finally managing to catch Sherlock’s eyes for a millisecond. He looked terrified.
Hears himself whine into John’s mouth.
What a complete idiot he was.
The massive effort he had been making, to block out John, limit their interaction to a minimum - all preventive measures to avoid the flood of emotions that John always managed to stir up within him. It had been necessary, in order to allow new emotions to take hold. Ones that wouldn’t be so painfully, miserably one sided. Ones that he didn’t need to hide or be ashamed of.
The waiter cleared the plates and returned a while later with the cheese tray and port wine they had ordered. It occurred to John that since they arrived at the restaurant, he hadn’t had one single thought about the messed up emotional state he had been stuck in for the last couple of weeks.
And it wasn’t as if he had moved in or something, he still went to Baker Street almost every day to work and to unwind, and when Gabriel was traveling or Sherlock was on a case, he would spend all his available time there, usually sleeping on the sofa.
“Tell me, baby-” John said in a low, hoarse voice, his face still against Sherlock's neck.
”I’m not the same as I was back then, John. I’ve changed. You do not have to worry about me any longer.”
”Sure.”
Sherlock laughed; a soft, rumbling laugh, and John felt a great, warm happiness unfolding in his chest.
It had felt so good to indulge in those fantasies, and they had played a fairly major part in getting him through both isolation and torture, when he was away. But back in London again, pain and shame would always follow in their wake.
”Ah!” Sherlock bit his lip to quiet himself.
Holding a large chunk of the cheese in his hand, he heard a familiar, heavily accented voice calling his name.
”I’m sorry to hear that.”
”Oh Sherlock, you’re amazing, you’re so beautiful, you’re driving me crazy.”
”Likewise,” he mumbles. And after that, he just lies awake for a long, long time.
”John! Guess what. I have a small surprise for you, too.” He smiled, looking very pleased with himself.
”No,” John says. ”No, Sherlock, let’s not. Not tonight. It’s.. it’s alright.”
It was only John, now. Only John that existed for Sherlock. He heard himself whimper, and he heard John respond with a groan.
”Well, that’s new,” Sherlock mumbles, then thinks that maybe he’s being unnecessarily vicious.
“Is that so?” John whispered, smiling dangerously.
Sherlock nicks a piece of fresh pineapple, pops it into his mouth and then finds what he was looking for. Important now to avoid getting caught in some dreary conversation about the weather (snowy, sunny) or the news (state of things: from bad to worse). Quickly, he grabs two flutes of Buck’s Fizz from the tray. ”Merry Christmas, Daddy,” he says before hurrying out of the kitchen and making his way up the stairs again.
It was as if the meeting of their lips, their mouths, their tongues, unleashed all of the built up desire that John had been holding back for so long, and he wondered if maybe Sherlock had the same reaction. It certainly felt like that. They were both moving together, clinging to one another like two people lost at sea, one person the other’s only hope for salvation. Maybe that was exactly what they were.
John held himself up on his elbows, one on each side of Sherlock’s shoulders, and then he grabbed Sherlock’s face, took it between his hands; leaned down and kissed him.
John doesn’t recognise anyone, nothing but unfamiliar faces. So different from how it used to be, before. No-one seems to even notice him as he trails behind Sally and Sherlock, under the blue and white police tape, and up to what appears to be the commander at the scene. It’s a man in his fifties, John thinks he looks like he knows what he’s doing.
”Oh for god’s sake, John. How stupid can you be?”
”I heard you.” John grinned back, still not moving, dizzy with happiness.
It’s almost surprisingly easy, the way their lives settle around each other again.
“I am so sorry I can't love you the way you want me to, or the way you deserve. But if you'll let me, I would be honored to be your friend.”
”Well, in that case,” John chuckled breathily.
”What?”
Sherlock turned around at lightening’s speed, his mouth literally falling open, wide eyes staring at John in complete disbelief. John realized he was probably doing the exact same thing. He couldn’t move, felt glued in place. He just stood there, looking down at Sherlock - it really was him! - kneeling on the snow covered street.
John had to stand up from his seat, move about, to deal with the flood of guilt and shame that came over him.
“You like it a bit... dirty. Rough.” John struggled not to avert his eyes now. This was getting way too personal. He didn't say anything. His throat felt dry. Sherlock kept talking.
He was sitting up in his bed. He’d had two glasses of apple juice and some biscuits.
”I want to, more than anything. But you know I can’t. I will deal with this Sherlock, I promise you. I’ll fix this.”
”Beer can. Unopened.”
Time and space seemed like highly relative concepts for the first few minutes after the jet had touched ground. Mind palace John, real life John, mind palace Mycroft, real life Mycroft - free floating, merging and separating.
”I’m afraid I left the keys in the flat. The door locked behind me.”
arlas - mean person or a bad, unfair situation
The first reply was from Mary. It said simply,
”If this shit keeps up -  yeah, you just might!” And then he got a mental image of himself, dressed in nothing but a pair of golden swim trunks, dancing on a float, and he had to laugh.
His eyes were beginning to sting behind his closed lids. He squeezed them hard together.
”You are. Oh my god, what’s wrong?”
Emerged in a glass of water.
He wrapped his arms around the head pillow for support, and let his belly rest against the other pillow that John had put there earlier. His arse was up in the air - perhaps not the most dignified of poses, but it did it’s job. In this position, he knew John would be able to enter him even farther.
John lets go of Sherlock’s feet, leans forward to pick up his mug again, sits back. ”What you did tonight, Sherlock. That was amazing.”
”Well, then,” said Sherlock. ”As I’ve said before - only a fool argues with his doctor.” And with that, he moved his hands to his shirt, and began to unbutton, staring straight into John’s eyes as he did it.
The path leading from the iron gates and up to the church has been cleared from snow and sprinkled with gravel. It is illuminated by lanterns, casting a flickering glow in the dark night. John is walking by his side, Mummy and Mycroft right in front of them, along with a large group of other visitors slowly making their way forward.
”I’m well aware,” John says.
“Thanking you! For killing a living, innocent being!”
It was amazing, simply amazing, the way Sherlock moved his hands, and John let his head fall back into the pillow for a moment, just enjoying the sensation.
”Yes,” Sherlock replied, very quietly. ”Me too, John.”
”Hello gorgeous! To what do I owe the honour?” Her voice is warm, Sherlock relaxes a bit. He sits down on the edge of his unmade bed. It’s unusual for him to be the one who rings.
It caused an alteration in his perception of reality.
* * *
”Shhhh,” said John. ”It’s okay. Whatever it is, it’s going to be okay.”
”Yeah, I think so. Barely,” he mumbles back.
”Not dead,” John nods gently.
”Yeah,” said John. ”It sure does.”
”Are you daft, what the f-!” The officer turns to Sally, probably hoping to get some support, but Sally just shrugs. ”Do as the man says,” she says, and with a disbelieving grunt, the young officer turns on her heel and stomps off in the direction Sherlock was gesturing.
John smiles, wipes a pearl of sweat away from Sherlock’s temple. Cups his stubbly cheek in his hand. Leans forward to kiss him, softly, on the lips. ”Just so you know,” he says, quietly. ”I’ve always been.”
Their eyes met, and John saw intense arousal in Sherlock’s eyes. He tried to reach forward to grab his cock.
Mycroft smiles at him, and John thinks that Mycroft has certainly perfected the art of fake smiles.
Sherlock feels so happy he could cry. But he doesn’t, fortunately. ”Good,” he says. ”Excellent.”
And John had to hold back a smile when he saw the look on Sherlock’s face. It was one of immense relief.
Fights about the inordinate amount of time that John would spend with that child. Fights about John’s stupid job, which almost always tied into the fact that he wasn’t able to come with Sherlock on cases in the way he should. Yes,
Now and then, John was struck by a sense of wonder, and had to take a moment to mentally pinch himself. But most of the time, he simply forgot, and allowed himself to relax into the wonderful feeling of finally - hopefully, if he played his cards right - being together with Sherlock again. In whatever way or form that might turn out to be.
”And what it is, is shit.”
A wordless cry.
In this short amount of time, they had squeezed in a rather remarkable number of encounters, and John was surprised to notice he was already beginning to feel much more comfortable, and much less self conscious, about the whole man on man thing. In fact, this time, he hardly even thought about it. Not when there were so many other, and much more fun, things to think about.
”What the hell are you doing? Nobody wants to look at boring old pictures, give it to me-”
He moved his right hand to the underside of his thigh, careful so John didn’t notice.
, is all he can think.
“You mean now that you know that I know you in the biblical sense?” sniggered Sherlock, his pronunciation more than a bit slurred. It caused John to giggle for a while.
”I can’t believe that, Mycroft, I’m sorry. I know Sherlock feels the same about me.”
Sherlock had loved when John cooked for him, John knew it and that was, naturally, a major factor in his decision to make something tonight. When he had been living at Baker Street, he’d made sure to cook at least one night of the weekend. When John was busing himself in the kitchen, Sherlock would usually end up in there as well, perched up on a chair, his back leaned against the wall.
Eventually, he was standing in front of one of the towering, glass clad high-rises in The City. He lowered his shoulders, straightened his back, and went inside.
Mouth dry. Behind his eyes, a dull, throbbing ache. Sherlock turns around in the bed; away from the window to face the wall instead. Pulls the duvet over his head but has to resurface when a wave of nausea hits him. Sweat beading on his forehead. Needs air.
”Sherlock, look at me.”
Sherlock is quiet for while, the crowd around him completely silent waiting for his reply.
Walking out of the restaurant, the mood between them had shifted, and John wasn’t sure how to turn it around again. Sherlock had stopped talking, seemed to have withdrawn back into his shell and would only reply monosyllabically to John’s attempts at conversation.
Sherlock sighed again. ”It’s impossible! Maybe we could go out to the sitting room instead?”
”Sweet Jesus.” John’s voice was trembling at this point, despite the low volume. ”Oh Sherlock. Oh fuck."
He stopped talking and squeezed himself halfway up from his seat, reached over Mary and the table and all the wine glasses, and actually grabbed the sleeve of Sherlock’s suit jacket. ”I absolutely
”No, did you?”
”And exactly what do you suggest I should have said?
********************
”Greg?”, the kid asks, then understands. ”Ah, ’im. Can’t eat, duck taped his mouth.”
He nearly loses his balance when he’s taking his trousers off, manages to grab the desk for support. Good. Throws on a thin white cotton T-shirt and a new pair of pants. Pushes the old stuff underneath the bed, flicks on a small table lamp in a corner of the room. Stands by the door, waiting.
”Fuck,” John whispered. Sherlock felt his sphincter muscles tighten reflexively. Semen was trickling out of him, making a trail down his skin, causing a wet spot to form at the mattress underneath.
blaggin me 'ead- lying to me
They’re standing in the small hallway, where Rosie’s thrown herself on Mary like a little monkey, arms and legs wrapped around her.
On those nights, he would allow the memories of John to flood him, just for a while. Nobody would know, so he was allowed.
”This is amazing. We’re going to have so much fun there, you and I,” Sherlock kept on, and now it was John’s turn to choke up a little.
"Merry Christmas Sherlock,” Daddy greets him as he walks into the kitchen. ”Don’t you look nice today.”
Not in his wildest dreams could he have imagined how last night had turned out. He had expected a lot more trouble to get to this point, hadn’t at all planned to take it even remotely as far.
Sherlock tasted – good. Clean, salty, sexy. Impossibly arousing. John let his pointed tongue swirl around the glans, and when he felt Sherlock's hands finding their way into his hair, he thought for a second that he was going to be the one who'd come first. Luckily, it subsided.
“What, you’re kidding?” John couldn't hide his utter surprise. “I thought that guy was married, had a kid!”
”I’m sorry that I said that I hate you. I don’t hate you at all.”
They were both kissing with urgency now, open mouths, tongues touching and exploring. Sherlock felt his mind strangely emptied, his only thoughts were a hazy, repeating
“Relax, John,” Sherlock interrupted. “I only did it once, and only out of pure necessity.”
”8 it is.”
********************
He’d actually
” he said, shaking his head for emphasis.
He watches Sherlock, sees him frustratedly push back a dark curl from his eyes. His hair has gotten a little bit longer, and it’s twisting tighter in the damp evening air. He still looks younger than his age, maybe even more now.
********************
”Look at this mess, John!” Sherlock was standing in the cottage garden, dressed in a thin robe, barefoot in the dewy grass. His hair was in a state of complete disarray, and he had dark circles under his eyes. John figured he probably looked the same.
John could feel himself lingering on the edge of self control.
They had laid next to each other, just kissing, for so long that Sherlock’s lips had started to feel sore. It was dark outside. At some point, John had reached over him to turn off the bedside lamp. The only light in the room came from the street lamps outside.
And when he does, he sees John leaning forward and, without hesitation, taking the tip of his cock into the wet heat of his mouth, keeps stroking.
He presses his lips hard together, takes another deep drag, looks away.
”Go on then, genius, how did you know?”
Sherlock was listening intensely now.
”I… I just think he’s been really busy and I mean, so are we. It’s just how it is. The priorities are different right now. Don’t worry about it. I’m sure we’ll pick up eventually,” he said, hoping Mary would drop the subject. Thankfully, she did.
”John!” a voice called out. Nigel, the clinic's pediatrician, was waving his hand from a table in the corner. ”It’s about bloody time you broke free for a night,” he said with a laugh and a rough pat on the back as John joined them. There were about eight people there from work, and someone quickly shoved a cool pint into John’s hand.
She had been laughing so hard she seemed incapable of stopping. John didn’t know what to do.
”I’m glad to hear that,” he smiled.
Looking back, Sherlock wasn’t sure what, if anything, he’d replied. But he remembered, with painfully good clarity, how he’d remained seated on the floor, leaned against the wall for hours after John had left. How he’d run his fingertips over his lips, trying to lock into his memory the way it had felt, kissing John, being kissed back. Trying to make some kind of sense of what had just happened. Not succeeding.
The young man leaned forward in his chair, notepad in his lap. He seemed to be studying Sherlock’s face. Sherlock squirmed internally.
, in particular. And
Sherlock hated therapists. Hated them. Despised them. He had seen so many different ones, all throughout his childhood, and then his teens, and then in his twenties. Idiots, all of them. But now, he remembered his new approach.
* * *
John was scrambling for things to say to get through Sherlock’s angry wall of sarcasm.
He had sent a text to Mycroft, and gotten a prompt reply. It had said that everything was just fine and that he needn’t worry.
But no, John had just swallowed it hook, bait and sinker, like he always did with Sherlock. Had allowed himself to be blinded by trust and devotion.
”I know you are. And have.” John hesitates for a while, then unbuckles. ”Well, if you’re sure.”
”No,” he replied quietly. ”They are not.”
”I’m no Sherlock Holmes, but that mattress looks ancient,” John adds.
, so loud he feels the sound wave impact his chest, Sherlock’s vision goes temporarily blurry.
”Mmm, it got infected. And yes, ten days was…. long. But Victor started to come by to see me. First, it was only for a minute’s chat or so, but soon, his visits grew longer. By the end of that term, we were- um. Close.”
The darkest period of all, without doubt, had been after Sherlock's fall from the rooftop. John still tried hard to keep those two years firmly out of his mind. His therapist had suggested they should revisit it, work it through, but he had refused. No, keeping it out of mind worked just fine – usually.
”I could hook you up if you want. Can think of plenty of hot candidates,” she says, teasingly.
”What about him?”
”You’ve done this before, haven’t you? Haven’t you, Mister I’m-not-gay?” He was smiling, but would still react with a gasp or a wince as John experimented with his hand movements.
”Do you like this? Is this good?” John asked from down there. Sherlock forced himself to meet John’s eyes, and saw fire in them.
After a mad five minute rush - which included John hurriedly coming out of the loo in just trousers to ask Sherlock if he could use his deodorant (still very attractive; 10,7 pounds and five years extra did not change that fact) - John’s out the door.
” he was saying, still in a half whispering voice but a bit darker and definitely more insistent, his hands suddenly lowered and combing through the guy’s hair, almost but not quite holding his head.
What he said in the car is true. It’s unreal to be standing there, in Baker Street, with Sherlock again. And at the same time, it’s like coming home. Like finally being able to exhale. He looks at Sherlock, this amazing man that John had the privilege of getting close to- and then losing it, once and then once again.
Maybe it was the champagne, maybe the release of laughter, but it felt like that barrier was gone, and John’s heart soared. Sherlock was holding John’s gaze, meeting him with warm, smiling, sparkling eyes, and it was just the way that it had used to be, before, the two of them laughing together.
Sherlock opens his eyes again. ”No,” he says, and John thinks he’s been an idiot, feels his cheeks burn.
He did nothing, of course, just kept looking.
John's heart rate increased as he let his eyes roam, searching for those dark curls somewhere in the crowd. He intensely hoped that bloke wouldn’t be there, because if he was, John didn’t think he’d be able to face them.
was all it said. John smiled, re-read it again and again.
When John hollowed his cheeks to increase the suction and then swallowed around Sherlock a few times, Sherlock suddenly pulled hard on his hair, simultaneously crying out a short, stuttered, '
John had to struggle to get the word out without hesitation, ”then you are an even bigger idiot than I have been giving you credit for!”
John was shaking his head, slowly, he was staring at Sherlock as if he didn’t believe him. Sherlock just stared back, raised his eyebrows in an annoyed gesture.
Sherlock stilled.
”Hi there,” he said, with a tentative smile.
). But he could see it more clearly now.
, by the cruel twist of fate that this all was, would be the one responsible for comforting her. Where the hell was John, he wondered.
Culverton’s words had stung because they had been justified. How the hell could he not have seen what should have been so glaringly obvious - Sherlock’s crazy smackhead eyes, the absurdity of his accusations toward Culverton. The man-sized holes in his chain of reasoning.
”Jail, s’not so bad. Not compared to living ou’ere, in the street.” When the kid doesn’t reply, Sherlock continues.
He heard John's quick steps approaching. He stopped, waited, fizzy sensation in his body.
Sherlock started to move his hips again, causing John to move, too. He was using both his hands to keep Sherlock's legs up, and bracing on them, he leaned over to plant a couple of sloppy kisses on that pretty mouth. He began to rock into Sherlock, and for every new motion, he felt his dick slide further in until it was all the way to the hilt.
With only two more steps to go, John froze at a sound coming from inside the flat. He listened attentively, body pressed against the wall of the staircase. It was absolutely quiet in the hallway as well as in the flat, no music, hardly any street noise slipping in, just the sound he had just heard.
.” Sherlock sees worry, and concern, and so much warmth in the way John looks at him. Realises with great relief what he doesn’t see: blame, anger, disgust.
”No!” is all Sherlock has time to say before Mycroft is disappearing with Caroline and her bag up the stairs. ”Oh God help me,” John hears Sherlock mutter as he comes in to take off his jacket.
Sherlock had forced himself to try to distance himself from his emotions enough to evaluate that possibility. He had decided that the risk of her hurting John was exceedingly low. John was all she wanted.
”I can’t see why you haven’t chucked him by now,” Sherlock scoffs. ”What is it now, three years wasted? You are not a complete idiot, and there’s nothing too offensive about the way you look. My brother, on the other hand-”
He had fished out the ID card from his wallet, held it up to the group of women.
For how long did they kiss? In retrospect,  no way of knowing. But it was John who broke the kiss, still cupping Sherlock’s face in his hands, resting his forehead against Sherlock’s chin. He was panting violently, and Sherlock noticed he was doing the same.
He closed down John's text.
********************
”In that case, sweetheart, at least you will know that you’ve tried. That’s all anyone can do.”
Mycroft rolled his eyes.
But when the young men had dragged themselves and their friend away, John noticed that Sherlock's nose was bleeding.
A tense silence followed after Sherlock hung up. Might as well face it, John thought.
John is standing in the middle of the room. Nicely dressed, shirt pressed, the creases from the folding (military precision) just barely noticeable. In his right hand, now slack by his side, he’s holding his phone. Was in the middle of texting, put it down the second he heard Sherlock coming.
”Oh, great,” he said, trying so hard to act at least remotely normal. ”I’ll have to go find him then, before he takes off.”
”I miss you”.
John hated this. He’d always thought it was so hard, this, putting his emotions into words, and even worse, having to say it out loud. His girlfriends in the past had often complained about it, called him a coward and accusing him for shutting them out. He didn’t really think that was fair. It just made him so bloody uncomfortable, and he never seemed to find the right things to say.
John got up on the bed, laid down and pulled on Sherlock until he abandoned his awkward position and was lying down next to John instead.
He let out a short, bitter laugh. ”But I do know that THIS is NOT how it was supposed to be!”
John says something Sherlock can’t hear, again, and then he can’t hear what Caroline says, either, and maybe that’s because it’s very difficult to focus now. His cheeks are burning, although the humiliation is not the worst thing about all this, not by far.
Sherlock keeps looking at John’s hand. Smaller than his own. But stronger. Not a tremble. Because John thrives on danger, just like he does.
Mycroft continued, unamused, “as I was saying, being a man of science, medical though it may be, I wonder if you have you ever heard of the Polar Shift Hypothesis?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Lisa / Chesney / Terry purportedly take Ms. Orr to a safe house and register her at the Bellefete rehab centre
Avenging Lisa / taking down the trafficking network
iii ) If  Lisa did fake her own death she is doing a terrible job of it just walking around using her name.  For the plan to work should would have to assume no one would tell Harlan including his lawyer…
NOTES:
CHAPTER 9
“You have to be triggered by the heat or rut of another Alpha or Omega positive individual,” Sherlock scoffed, as if this was some kind of incredibly personal episode of QI.
While there are reputable studies showing that true polar wander has occurred at various times in the past, the rates are much smaller (1° per million years or slower) than predicted by the pole shift hypothesis (up to 1° per thousand years. Analysis of the evidence does not lend credence to Hapgood's hypothesized rapid displacement of layers of the Earth. Data indicate that the geographical poles have not deviated by more than about 5° over the last 130 million years, contradicting the hypothesis of a cataclysmic polar wander event. More rapid past possible occurrences of true polar wander have been measured: from 790 to 810 million years ago, true polar wander of approximately 55° may have occurred twice. There is no physical evidence of more rapid shifts occurring at any point during Earth's history.”
“Dr Sylvan is still in police custody. Per the Palermo protocol he will be charged under the
In the end the only thing Harlan had left to offer Lisa was his life.
killed Rexfield, or, maybe he was wrong and was just theorizing ahead of the data. The truth was, either way Harlan wanted to set her free - from jail or from the bond. Maybe in the end it was the same thing.
John tasted blood, he felt the heat of righteous anger dull the pain from Andrew’s frenzied punches. He bucked and heaved in an affort to dislodge his attacker, hoping he could at least land a glancing blow to his face or disarm him. Barring either of those, he didn’t see this ending in his favour.
“You have
They found her there, shivering in her thin hospital gown with garishly sparkly slippers adorning her small feet. A gift from a friend perhaps? They didn’t exactly fit with the tomboyish persona she projected to the rest of the world. A dressing gown, inordinately fluffy and powdery blue, lay thickly over the top of Harlan’s sheets, hiding the alarming jut of his hipbones and knees.
It was a terrible distraction, and it was only after he’d disappeared through the door that John realized he’d missed everything Chesney had just said.
Again with the snark - the man could be so frustrating at times. John almost grinned, comforted in the fact that it didn’t seem Sherlock had taken offence. He supposed he had to be more specific.
When the story starts they are terrified that they are changing, losing parts of themselves, that they are not the same people they once were.  The author uses imagery of pieces of them crumbling off
The sedan door closed, and John was left alone in his melancholy, the hollow sound reverberating off the chrome details. Mycroft never really made much sense anyway, but that was a non-sequitur that left John’s head pounding at the temples.
“So, you’ve found me.” Andrew paused, glaring down at Sherlock. “Bit ahead of schedule. I must say I’m surprised.”
CHAPTER 15
“Good, that’s great Chesney. Now, I need you to tell me exactly where she’s hurt?” John stood up carefully, slowly testing his balance and strength before heading to the door.  For a moment he swayed, dangerously so, before righting himself again with a grunt of effort. At the door, he rolled his eyes with overt frustration when he found it locked. He probably should have been more grateful, as it was for his protection after all - now, it was just in his way.
If we look at the 853,869 Omegaverse individuals in more detail, we can make the conservative estimate that by the age of 30 most of the people who were born Omegaverse would have presented. Per the census data, 62.5% of the population of the United Kingdom is 30 years old and older, so if we assume that the age distribution in Omegaverse individuals is the same as in the human population, then we can infer that approximately 62.5% of the 853,869 Omegaverse individuals living in London would have already presented their secondary gender; this works out to approximately 533,668 Alphas/Omegas.
tragic Sherlock.”
John drew his brows together, finally taking in the hard portable storage monstrosity resting on the bureau top. It made for an interesting juxtaposition - organic versus plastic - and John had no doubt that what Sherlock said was true, though he didn’t remember it being there before hand. It must have been Mycroft.
Sherlock and John at home in 221B
John could only blink at the man and wonder what the
“It’s alright love, we are going to be all right.” John fumbled for his mobile with one hand, continuing to run his fingers through Sherlock’s tangled curls with the other. After a few false starts he finally managed to send Mycroft a text.
“What have you got to lose? Every one already knows you two are…”
, it was supposed to be over…”
“Sorry what?”
“Chesney, was - was Andrew in heat? You
“No, nothing that would stand up in court anyway. I had Molly run a full hormone scan of the  body though. The results indicated that he was an Alpha, un-bonded and un-registered. Lysander probably recruited him for the same reason he recruited Terry.”
“Git.” John smiled and turned to face him, sliding a warm hand up Sherlock’s side, feeling each dip and curve of his gloriously naked body. “He said that you liked children.
There was a moment of silence before Chesney replied, a strange and questioning tone lingering in his voice. “No, he wasn’t...I, Dr Watson I just told you that he wasn’t. He can’t go into heat anymore.”
"They came for me once." She spoke, voice echoing exhaustion. "If I register and make myself public, they'll be able to find me again. They said they would.
. He shook his head, blinking his eyes and marveling at the boy’s wit and humour in an otherwise dire situation.
“One last thing Doctor Watson. If you are going to call my brother tomorrow, please refrain from doing so between the hours of 5:30 and 6:30pm. The bell ringers are scheduled to practice at the Petham church and there are a limited number of diatonic 6 bells in England that ring a tenor 9-0-8 in G.”
“Now you really have to stop before you injure
He checked that his ringer was set on maximum volume, and shoved the phone into the front left pocket of his trousers. He had little experience with flumazenil, and even less with megestrol acetate. Most of his patients had been human, as Alphas and Omegas typically saw Omegaverse specialists. Due to its limited duration of effectiveness, Megestrol acetate was not used as a suppressant, and due to its heat blocking effects it was an equally unpopular birth control method. From what he remembered, the drug typically took effect within sixty minutes; his heat would be suppressed for approximately twelve hours, and conception would be prevented for the remainder of the estrus cycle. One hand absently made its way to his right trouser pocket, and his fingers closed over the smooth, cool vial.
- it’s
Considering that I asked you to fellate me, even with your limited intellect I am sure you can figure it out – SH
John visits Harlan in prison where he was moved after confessing to the murder of Rexfield Barcroft
“In popular literature, many conjectures have been suggested involving very rapid polar shift. A slow shift in the poles would display the most minor alterations and no destruction. A more dramatic view assumes more rapid changes, with dramatic alterations of geography and localized areas of destruction due to earthquakes and tsunamis.
He looked at the alarm clock, now returned to the small table by the shell of his bed. It was 5:35pm.
Since the idea of starting a conversation with Mycroft seemed too much for his frayed nerves to bear, John pulled out his own mobile. He wasn’t sure if it was the distance, or the fact that both their lives had been irrevocably changed, but there was one more thing he needed to know before things got too far, before his mind succumbed to the all-consuming rush of hormones.
“This Dr Watson…is just a little something to help you make it through the next few days.” Mycroft held the plastic pill bottle in a loose grip, holding the cap in his long fingers while angling the bottom towards John. “This,” indicating the glass vial held in the palm of his other hand, “is only in case of an emergency.”
Chesney and Lisa are here. We are following a lead down in Cornwall. I have to go –SH
=> He is most likely talking about himself - he would do anything for Lisa…
he was going on about.
The two of them collapsed in a sticky-sweaty heap on the tangled nest of blankets, exhausted. Sherlock indulgently lickied at the bond bite, cock still rigid and buried inside him. John gasped as he felt Sherlock shudder, apparently shooting another burst of come deep into his womb.
John had led him away from the tiny kitchenette, every step down the hallway singing with purpose and intent, and though Sherlock looked uncertain and almost remarkably innocent, he knew his heat and suppressants were foremost on his mind.
Sherlock and John return home to 221B
So how do we explain this? Why are only 100 of the 853,869 Londoners who carry the Omegaverse gene presenting… We make an educated guess in
With that, Sherlock’s last thread of control snapped and he pressed forward, an almost subsonic growl radiating from his throat. He pushed John roughly against the wall, turning him around in an overt display of Alpha strength, and buried his nose in the silvery blond hairs at the base of his neck. John could feel Sherlock’s erection, hot and massive, pressed up against the back of his thigh and wasn’t at all surprised to feel his own response tight and confined in his denims.
John couldn’t help but let the Shakespearian fucking scope of their tragedy  settle on his shoulders and and wonder if that was where he and Sherlock were heading. They seemed to be making the same mistakes over and over again - at the pool, at Baskerville, and now.
Make yourself known or piss
Three months later found John heading home from the shops, precariously juggling several paper bags that insisted on shifting their contents every which way, usually towards the pavements. He’d only made it a block before a small hand grasped his elbow, righting a tilting carton of eggs before gravity took over and made egg-covered fools of them both.
"I don't know. It had a cobble-stone garden with Shasta daisies and bird feeders, but our house-guard Terry only let us look out from the windows in the sun room, so I never saw anything except the garden. The car windows were tinted, but I think they took me to the upper--"
3:00am receive notice from Lestrade that Ms. Orr’s body was found on the banks of the river.
“So, I’ll see you around then?”
“Hello?” The voice was gruff, impatient, and unfortunately,
John woke up to golden spring sunlight streaming through the drapes, a million particles of dust dancing leisurely through the thin shaft of light. After one too many mornings waking up on the floor with sore backs, and several other sore bits of their bodies, they’d finally given up and donated Sherlock’s bed to OxFam. Now they had a new and finely crafted Shiki that was only two inches thick. With the addition of some decadent silk pillows it made a comfortable nest that did not offend Sherlock’s surprisingly fussy decorating sense. The hardest part had been agreeing on where to put it.
“I’m asking, ehm...should you feel so inclined.” Oh Christ, inclined? He was making  this sound like a business deal. “What I mean to say is, if you want we could…”He sighed and then just dove right in. “Do you want children, umm...with me?”
“I - I think so, yeah. I mean, yes, Dr Watson.”
,” John stuttered, elbows trembling with the effort of holding himself on all fours. The pressure on his neck remained as Sherlock reached back with one hand, lining his cock up with the slick passage.
John only just managed to overcome his shock as Andrew’s body pitched forward, and he had just enough presence of mind to shove him to the side, not relishing the idea of Andrew’s lifeless corpse on top of him.
“Exactly, John. So now we have one murdered Alpha and Lisa and Harlan are in an awful position. The network was Lisa’s, if she went prison, then no one would be able to help the Omegas. So, he sacrifices himself to save her and let her continue her work.” Sherlock sat down in the chair next to John, a cheap wooden thing that creaked at the movement.
He swept his hand, not the one currently occupied, gracelessly across the night stand in one swoop, upsetting an alarm clock and a small but hideously outdated nightlamp. He blamed his lack of coordination on the medication, his movements were sluggish, like someone inching their way through dense London fog. He thumbed at the screen, and after several uncoordinated attempts, managed to unlock the mobile on the fifth or sixth screeching ring.
It would have been easier to fall asleep standing up, covered in lemon curd, in front of a crowd, with pigeons pecking at his genitals. He felt exposed, somehow, and the mattress was too flat, too hot, and too rigid.
H- How?” John demanded, frantically searching the room for the clothes he’d been wearing when he came to this godawful house. It already seemed a lifetime ago, and while he wasn’t one for traditional social conventions, he had to draw the line at overt nakedness in crisis situations. After a few visual sweeps, more than he would have needed had he not been drugged, he found a lidless hamper stuck in a tiny closet to his right. He peered inside and sighed in marked relief when he found his stiff trousers and wrinkled jumper - and then realized he absolutely could not go back into London wearing what he had before. In fact, he might burn the trousers.
“John!” Sherlock jerked, making to move towards the door before Andrew put him down with a thunderous blow to the neck. Sherlock coughed, slouching back towards the floor before wrapping both hands around his head. John didn’t take his eyes off Andrew for long, but it was hard to miss Sherlock’s slowed movements and the flush of blood against the collar of his white shirt.
“We picked up the abduction on CCTV, but we lost the van shortly thereafter. It appears Andrew was familiar enough with his Alpha’s line of work that he was able to take full advantage of the CCTV dark spots to transfer vehicles. I am sending you an email now with Andrew’s details. If you can think of anything that might help us find Sherlock call me immediately.” Mycroft rang off abruptly, which was nothing new to John, and he was left angrily clutching his mobile once again.
”Please remember, we can be here in less than thirty minutes with a taxi, so don’t hesitate to call if it’s not working out, I really don’t want her to be upset.” She exhaled loudly. ”Well alright then.”
John shifted in his chair as he spoke. He noticed in passing that this discussion seemed to have affected him a slight bit more than he'd been aware of in the moment. As discreetly as he could, he put his hand to his crotch, and very quickly moved things around a bit through his jeans.
”What?” he asks eventually, not being able to stand it any longer.
. He needs more. He presses his hips against the heavy leg that is wedged between his, moves to increase the friction against his aching erection.
”To be honest, I quite liked it.”
He was actually not 100% innocent on the area of man-to-man sex, although he had always considered himself completely straight.
Either way, it sure was a shitty way to treat a friend.
”So, Gabriel, it sounds like you and Sherlock have known each other for quite some time?”
John slides his hand down, slowly, all the way from Sherlock’s neck, brushing over his right nipple, then further down, teasing for a moment with his hand held still right above, in the soft hair there, before finally placing a tight fist around Sherlock’s cock.
”You were beginning to say something. That Mycroft’s bringing his…?”
Thinking of laughing with John by the bar made him happy, he’d already stored that moment in John’s room in his mind palace.
Sherlock was hoping to change the conversation away from John, but apparently, no such luck.
”One day, Sherlock,” muttered John. ”One day you’re seriously going to get it.”
Yes. There was a definite expression of disgust, which was then suppressed and schooled into a neutral one.
Every single day since their chance meeting, Sherlock had pondered calling John. He wanted to see him, wanted it so desperately.
He tries to catch Sherlock’s eyes but he’s sitting still like a statue, his gaze fixed somewhere in the distance. John takes a closer look, sees that the tremor in Sherlock’s hands is still there.
”Mmm. Same.” Sherlock’s hand travels across John’s back, and then downwards, until his fist closes around John’s hardening cock, begins to move.
As John gazed over the room, he began to notice it looked different somehow. Not the way it had been last night.
Ah. There. Now he could see it. It had been his phone. He had still had his phone. And in the midst of the tumult in the examination room, he had taken it out. Yes. He felt almost certain. There had been a text from Mary.
”What is it?”
When Rosie's back, Mary smiles at him, and it’s a lot less tense this time. ”I’ll leave you to it, then. John, I- I hope you’ll have a great evening. Happy new year.”
The reply came after a three second pause.
”A mistake?!” John had gotten out of the bed, was standing behind him, now he grabbed his arm, forced him to turn around.
Sherlock had shouted the last part at the top of his lungs, so close to John’s face that he could feel small drops of spit hitting his skin. John stared blankly back at him.
And finally.
There were people talking in his room. One was definitely Mycroft. Who were the other two? They kept their voices down, he tried to make out what they were saying.
John’s tongue deep in his mouth.
”Forgive me Sherlock, I’m just stunned, that’s all. This is- I’m- this is amazing. Absolutely amazing. She’ll love it. Love it! I love it. It’s-”
Sherlock had frozen in place, statue-like almost. John waited for a while for Sherlock’s response, but there was none. He was just standing there, immobile.
As he gets ready to get out, a flood of memories from Afghanistan washes over him. He thinks about the many times he’s taken care of soldiers with these exact symptoms - the tremors, the chills, the unresponsiveness. Thinks about what he knows by heart - to never leave a person in shock unattended.
Sherlock raises the megaphone again. ”It’s from McDonald’s, ’urry up la, the burgers are gettin’ cold. Is proper baltic out ’ere.”
He was alone when he wanted to, in the quiet retreat at Baker Street; his haven for solitude and thinking and exhaling.
They sat like that for a long time, John felt strangely empty inside but also relieved. After a while, he broke the embrace, but moved his hand to catch hers.
”Sherlock, I don’t give a fuck. I’m here with you and I’m so bloody proud of that, you have no idea. I’m the luckiest guy in the world - I want people to see.”
”Listen, John,” she says. ”You should be proud of yourself. Some people live their whole life in denial. Better late than never, that’s what I always say.”
Small particles of icy rain hitting his face, his hair, but Sherlock hardly feels it. The crowded sidewalk turning into a blur, with only one single focus in front of him. Brown leather jacket with shearling collar. Blonde hair now almost half grey. Lots of adrenaline pumping, he is as caught off guard as is Sherlock.
********************
”Oh my god,” John whispered. ”Sherlock.”
Sherlock still hadn’t said it back. He wanted to. He knew that, was certain. It was just difficult. Never having said it before, he was uncertain of how to go about it. And maybe a tiny bit worried, too.
”What are you writing in it? A story about your best cases?”
When he had returned with the coffees to the bar desk, he spoke.
John got up to him, put his arms around him. The jealousy was beginning to fade, he was breathing normally again. Sherlock was here, so was he, and it was all good.
“Oh fuck, baby,” John grunted in response. He kept moving his dick along Sherlock's arse, in a nice and steady rhythm. Sherlock noticed that John's shoulder was beginning to tremble from the effort of keeping his upper body raised for so long.
“What kind of necessity! I can't bloody think of anything that would justify-”
Apparently, there was something particular, some especially important paper that he needed to find, and when Sherlock had told him that, John had just laughed out loud.
”Because I knew how much you liked them, of course. I must say, there seem to be a whole lot of things you still haven’t figured out. Maybe you’re not as clever as everyone thinks, hmm?”
He felt like a strong drink would be a welcome addition to the table right now. He exhaled, tried to breathe away some of the nervous tension from his shoulders. When he turned to look at Sherlock, he saw that he was still frozen, appearing quite worried.
Sherlock grew quiet, kept his eyes averted, and John silently waited to see if he would continue. They were both startled when Sherlock’s phone began to ring in his coat pocket. He took it out and looked at the screen.
John shuts his eyes for a brief moment, then wraps his hand around Sherlock’s arm.
”I’m fine, just fine. And perfectly capable of taking care of myself.” Sherlock adds, mumblingly, ”As I’ve done for quite some time now.”
Sherlock’s mind was still working overtime trying to piece together last night’s events, but it was insanely frustrating how poorly it went. His thought processes were not functioning to their usual capability, the price for the Ambien he had taken to be able to sleep when they got back home, and had topped up again this morning. Worth it, thought, compared to the crash that had otherwise hit.
”Mary. You need to listen to me.”  He took the remote, turned the TV off again.
”What am I, a nursery school project? Want some glitter as well?” Sherlock still keeps his eyes shut, but for the first time this night, John can see the corners of his mouth raising ever so slightly.
”Well, since I did come here on account of a drug overdose, that was hardly too difficult to figure out,” he threw back.
Sherlock was panting heavily, John could tell he was already very aroused. He wondered fleetingly whether Sherlock had ever done anything like this before.
”Sweetie, come here.” He sits down on his knees, stretches his arms out and she runs up to him, squeezes him as hard as her tiny arms can manage.
Worried, because somewhere deep down inside, he still had that nagging doubt whether his love would be something worth having. Especially for someone as perfect and wonderful and lovable as John.
John is silent for a while, fingers keep brushing through his hair. ”You’re absolutely right,” he eventually says. ”Guess some things even you can’t deduce, huh?”
Didn’t know what, though, he wonders. Is this about that photo, per se, about Victor specifically? Because surely, his sexual orientation must have been obvious to John?
”And that was always a great exaggeration,” he smiled. ”No, actually there is no queue, because I’ve already found someone special.”
Sherlock grew quiet for a few seconds, it felt like five minutes to John but he decided to wait him out. When he spoke, it was in his normal voice, and for that, John was grateful.
Sherlock chuckled. ”I’m glad you’re finally getting the hang of this thing, John.”
This frustrates John even more, because if there’s one thing he’s pretty damn sure of, it’s that he knows how to deal with Sherlock. But the pressure to be a good guest weighs over, this time. He sits down again, impatiently glancing towards the door opening.
"I will make sure this man feels the full force of the law. Cruelty to animals is not something we take lightly,” he said and just for the fun of it, shot John a stern look. John looked happy. Happy and very attractive.
John leaned forward in his chair again, drawing a deep breath to ask his friend a question he'd never thought he'd pose.
”I love you too. Always have and always will.”
Gabe made a face and then grew quiet, Sherlock could see him weighing his words. After a minute long silence, Gabe spoke again.
”You naughty, naughty man,” he said.
”No,” he croaked.
Sherlock sighs heavily. ”So please spare that for your patients and your new girlfriend, because I really don’t-”
Happy times at Baker Street :)
“What about me?” Sherlock asked when John didn't finish the question. John thought he was trying to appear a whole lot cockier than he was probably feeling.
John had spent the remaining years at home studying like mad, with music blasting on the stereo to cancel out the sounds from Dad’s drunken fits downstairs. Locked himself in the bedroom he no longer had to share; daydreaming of a different life. Counting the days until he could finally, finally move out and be free.
”Hmf,” Sherlock grunted, and John kissed him again.
Gabriel stood quiet for a second, then indicated with a nod towards the entrance.
Tries to assemble some sort of coherence in his mind. ”No, this, ah- This is good, I like this.”
”Did you mean it?” John seemed quite aroused, judging by the state of his breathing. He kept rocking slowly against Sherlock as he spoke, his lips grazing the wet skin on Sherlock's neck and ear.
His hands slid over John’s lightly tanned skin. He was keenly observing and storing in his memory all the details of John’s upper body.
Naturally Sherlock hadn't watched it. So that weekend, when they had been at Janine's cottage in Sussex Downs, and it had been raining for 24 hours non stop and not even Sadie wanted to go outside, John had made him.
”Yeah?” he mumbles into Sherlock’s mouth. John is supporting his weight on his right arm, while holding himself in his left hand. He's slick with lube and precome, and already brushing against Sherlock’s carefully prepared ring of muscles.
, John remembers that Mary used to call that particular colour.
”Why the hell are you telling me this?”
, John thought.
Looking at John, it made him feel so strange inside, and yet so perfectly right. Warm, lovely, wonderful. Everything was.
”Hey,” he says, lets his hand travel to Sherlock’s arm, rubs it; down, up, down again. ”Hey-”
But this kind of uncontrolled breakdown, he couldn’t even… Not since he was a little boy. Perhaps when Redbeard had been put down.
”God Sherlock, god, I’m in your mouth, oh fuck it feels so good baby,” he rambled on, not bothering to censor his words anymore. It was absolutely unbelievable. He was lying naked on his back, getting a blow job from Sherlock Holmes.
********************
”You’re everything, Sherlock, you are my everything, you have to know,” John mumbled to Sherlock’s mouth.
His words were burning inside of John, but not because of guilt. To get another chance… yes. He could indeed imagine this. Could picture it so intensely it made his heart ache.
”As one does,” John interjected, grinning happily.
Walking in the darkness of the night, through the park, on the trails that he knew by heart, so close to Sherlock - it was like it was yesterday. They immediately clicked together, fell into their old ways - of talking, relating, joking, teasing, discussing. As he strode in synchronized pace with Sherlock, John thought that they could probably have been separated for decades and yet been able to pick up where they’d last left it, just like that. Still, he was very grateful for the fact that it hadn’t have to come to that.
John closes the curtains to keep the daylight out, then goes off to the bedroom. He falls asleep the moment he shuts his eyes, a warm, soft feeling of contentment in his chest. Life is good, he thinks. It’s all good.
Sherlock was half sitting in between his thighs now.
The unreal feelings were not, as one might have expected, caused by the fact that they had been apart for so long and now were suddenly alone with each other again. No, quite the opposite. It was because it felt like no time had passed.
”He said he’d gotten you out of a drug den? You know I didn’t believe it for a second, but, what did he mean? Because that’s just ridiculous? Right?”
Had expected to wake up with John. Had just assumed he’d be there, right next to him. Smiling, reassuring. But- what if-
********************
He briefly glances up, sees warmth in John’s eyes. Reassured, Sherlock looks away again, down into his glass.
There was not enough air in the room, he couldn't stay still. He went into the bathroom, splashed some water in his face, watched his tired, unshaven reflexion in the mirror.
And that’s how John came to find himself standing right next to Sherlock, not an inch apart, in Regent’s Park at midnight, not able to believe his luck.
Confident that this should do the trick, John turned around and walked over to the minimalistic waiting area in the lobby. He kept his eyes straight on the elevators.
Sherlock had immediately noticed all the signs of agitation, but hadn't yet figured out the exact reason for it. Then again, she'd only been standing in front of him for a few seconds.
”I’ve really missed you too, John,” he said, then smiled a little, and John felt something similar to happiness spreading through his veins.
After Rosie’s birth, John had made a conscious decision. He was a father now, struggling to meet the insatiable needs of a non-sleeping baby, of a sleep-deprived and cranky Mary, of a job that still carried the same heavy burden of responsibility as it always had. He told himself that there simply was no room for anything else.
Thinks that maybe this is why John’s had so many sexual partners - because he’s able to just separate it, like he’s doing now. Go back to normal, still be
Sherlock was interrupted in his deductions.
He has to clear his throat, silently curses himself for being such a goddamned wimp.
He couldn’t hold back another sniffle.
“So I need you to be really honest with me about this,” John continued, looking more focused now. “Would you really like to try this with me?”
”Baker Street, please.” So familiar the words, so right in his mouth.
”What?” Sherlock whispers, unable to even speak properly.
this? What does it
He desperately longed to see him, but at the same time, worried about it. Had no idea of how such a meeting might turn out, and he was afraid it would tear open the wounds that hadn't really even begun to heal.
And for the first time, Sherlock felt John’s cock, felt his length hot against his thigh. John was rock hard.
”Ah, no,” he says, tries to smile. ”Sherlock and I weren’t- erm. Not a couple.”
The question had to be posed.
And Sherlock thinks that it very possibly was a terrible idea, bringing John here over Christmas.
“That's utterly ridiculous,” Sherlock said, but John could tell there was no real conviction in his voice.
Sherlock just couldn't let it go.
Maybe he loved her more than Sherlock had realized. Maybe a woman was what John ultimately needed and wanted. Not gay, after all.
John recognized the shaky rage of the cocaine high. John stood back, trying to regain his composure.
”Victor had lost both his mother and his sister, earlier, so it was just him and his father living there. Except for the help, of course. They even had a tolerable cook.”
”You’ll have to forgive my terrible manners, John, but I really need to do this,” Sherlock said, and proceeded to take off his shoes and socks. He placed the black socks on the radiator behind him and put the shoes right beneath it.
John decided to give up on the small talk. It was the first time in the entire evening that they had been alone. The time was now.
Another sip. Glass almost empty again. Sherlock pauses to refill it from the bottle John left on the coffee table.
“Sure!” he said in an upbeat tone, and John wondered who he was talking to. It was unusual for Sherlock to be nice on the phone to anyone, really.
Unexpectedly, John’s voice cracks, a big lump forming in his throat, blocking any more words from coming out. He waits a moment.
Not restricted by his jeans anymore, John got up on the chair with Sherlock, straddled him, leaned forward to kiss his neck. He was beginning to feel a desperate need for release.
The killer dog, as John thought of it, was straining on it’s leash, pulling forward, while Sherlock kept talking without breathing - at least, that was how it seemed. John loved it. He loved walking next to him, listening to the brilliant stream of consciousness that was flowing from his mouth.
More silence, the kid doesn’t speak either for a long moment.
John’s lips on his, John’s tongue in his mouth, John’s hand in his hair, gripping-
Five minutes after the store had finally opened, John was holding in his hand a new phone with his old number.
” he whispers, and when John takes him in deeper and begins to suck, his knees actually do give way. His bodyweight shifts onto John’s head, and it unfortunately results in John choking. John pulls off; coughs hard, twice, reflexively gasps for air.
Sherlock still had that funny looking expression on his face, as if he really did not understand why John would be holding out a small, wrapped box for him the night before Christmas. He tentatively began to open it.
”Sometimes I talk to you.” Sherlock interrupts. ”No, that’s not true. I often talk to you. All the time, in fact. Sometimes out loud, although I try to only do that when I’m alone. I talk, and you reply. Helps me to sort things out.”
Sexuality was such a major part of his identity, anyone who knew him could testify to that.
If you want to connect, I'm the-seventh-stranger on Tumblr.
”No! No of course not, don’t be ridiculous. It’s just a couple of hours away, I’ll be in London all the time, and you’re welcome to visit.”
”Baker Street,” replied Sherlock, and John was thrilled to notice that his voice was a little shaky.
”Not that word, please,” Sherlock cut in. ”Sure, yes. Sadie’s a hunting dog. But it doesn’t matter, John, see, that’s where these idiots go wrong! All living things respond in the same, predictable way to the principles of classical and operant conditioning.”
”Tell me how you want the shrimps.”
After a minute of just standing outside the electronics store, he got the phone back out of his pocket. He desperately wanted to contact Sherlock. Just something, anything. A brief message to let him know that he was thinking about him, wanted to be there for him.
”I’m gonna replace my fingers with my cock now, yeah?” John murmurs, his voice coming out low and breathy. ”I can’t wait to fuck you. Christ, Sherlock-”
John smiles again, a hint of sadness in his eyes this time though. Difficult for him to be reminded of Sherlock’s.. well.
He rushed into Sherlock's bedroom, found it empty, the bed unmade, the curtains drawn. Just last night, John had been lying here, flush to Sherlock's practically naked body. Their arms and legs had been all tangled up together in a perfect fit, the room steeped in a fuzzy warmth. Now, it was like a different place, abandoned and cold, and John's throat felt tight.
and then I knew he was not coming back to me. So I am giving you three hours. Three hours to suffer before I kill him. Every minute you will know that
” She whipped her face back towards Harlan’s hand, trembling as  she squeezed it with brutal force. “But do know what it was like? What it was like to pretend not to care that he was here, killing himself on
“Wait, what?” John spluttered, moving across the small kitchen to take a seat once more at the table. With that opening statement, he figured it’d be wise to be sitting down for this.
“Andrew,” John’s veins pulsed with a sudden surge of adrenaline, “why are you doing this?”
“You too,” he challenged, and they both knew they weren’t talking about nudity anymore. This was about letting go now, and taking this final plunge
There is something screwy going on but I have not been able to figure it out. In no particular order here are the inconsistencies. I have no idea which parts are actual clues…
When Sherlock calls Mycroft they agree he will take him to a safe house
“What? No, he had cancer a few years ago, chemo sent him into premature andropause. Terry stuck by him, took him to his appointments,” Chesney stopped talking for a moment, audibly dragging in lungfuls of air between ill-concealed, unnerving sobs, “I really thought he was one of the good ones.”
Almost an hour and a half later with no word or update, John was antsy and impatient. He’d stood for so long under the scalding water, scrubbing the sweat and slick of heat off himself that his skin felt raw and bruised. He’d chosen to prowl around the back entrances of the house, watching cars zip by and the dainty flowers dip in the breeze.
“I…uhh…think that was definitely more than 36 ccs, John,” Sherlock chuckled  breathlessly.
“Yes...
“But he
“It’s all right, I’m - oh God, I’m so sorry,” John began, “I understand. Go. Mycroft needs his best people working on this.”
It is a safe bet that Sherlock had a bad experience, perhaps when using and that is why he is celibate. I also noticed Sherlock’s addiction was not down-played, John was very concerned about danger nights and Sherlock really is uncomfortable with seeing people “subject to motivations against their own will.” This sounds like a parallel to addiction. I think when he was using, sex was involved and he abstains from both because they are all tangled up in his head.
A million apologies for the long delay between chapters. Hope this makes up for it!
John groaned into his hands, a sound of such pure heartbreak and misery that Timothy immediately placed a cool hand on the top of John’s head. It was a small gesture of comfort, but it felt good nonetheless. John moved his head, leaning into the touch and revelling in the sparks of sensation that ran down from his scalp to his very toes. He shivered with sensitivity.
“I had a thought, actually,” Andrew ran a large hand through Sherlock’s limp curls until he gripped the hair at the crown of his head, pulling it backwards until Sherlock gasped in pain. With Sherlock’s neck and collarbone exposed, John could clearly see several lacerations, presumably made with Andrew’s knife, angry and seeping blood onto Sherlock’s once crisp white shirt. “I thought maybe I’d let you come, kill you, and continue to have my fun with your Alpha here. I might not have heats anymore, but I can still satisfy an Alpha in rut.”
He swung his gaze round to Timothy, who left the glass partition down, but put the car in gear and began to drive once more. John forced his attention back to his mobile, typing another text to Sherlock.
.” John released Sherlock’s lapels, smoothing them with a soft, reverential touch. “I love you Sherlock, do you love me?”
he waited until John and Chesney were ready to leave before flagging down one of Mycroft’s escorts.
“Yes - but who? If an Alpha had accosted her after she presented, then Harlan would have torn them to pieces and he had no prior criminal record.”
“God Sherlock, I can
He soon fell back on familiar habits, recalling his time in the army and getting to work. He returned to his bedroom and stripped the stained sheets from the bed, remaking it precisely enough that he would’ve been proud to show it off during his basic training at Pirbright.
“Well done Sherlock, although you missed everything of importance,” John replied, throwing Sherlock’s own words back in his face. It didn’t seem to have an effect, but somehow that wasn’t surprising.
30 minutes later Joh runs into Lisa in front of 221 B
They left her there, neither of them speaking a single word until they reach 221b Baker Street.
iv) her height is reported by Harlan as 5’8” and John as 5’9”, also did no one notice a bonding bite? When John first met her she had her hair in a bun.
Harlan lay motionless, a wax figurine, dry and cachexic against the hospital sheets. Lisa held his still warm, fragile hands as they came through the door.
“Don’t - ” John was bemused for a moment, “you could come inside, have a cuppa, say hello to Sherlock.”
Harlan tells John that Rexfield Barcroft murdered his bonded mate Lisa-Shay Palmer on December 8, 2013 (two weeks prior)
are we supposed to do when he gets here?
“Well then Dr Watson, let’s skip right past theory and move straight to practicum.”
you!”
Because this story is written from John’s point of view we just see how he believes Sherlock sees himself and what Sherlock says to John; he might be correct or he might not…
It was Sherlock who spoke first. “This was what he
Chesney didn’t bother to say goodbye, and the loaded click of the call disconnecting left John rattled and uneasy.
CHAPTER 11
answer, it wasn’t even close.
The staccato of their rough breathing filled the room, and the wet sounds of Sherlock pounding into him with animalistic delirium went directly to the pleasure centres of John’s brain. It was inelegant, frenzied, simple - but somehow everything John never knew he’d wanted.
.” Sherlock began to pace, as was normal for this type of advanced brainwork, “So, what was he trying to conceal? To answer that you have to ask yourself - what does he have to gain by being in prison?”
, and
CHAPTER 7
DAY 1 - Saturday December 21, 2013
The most important thing, was the fact that their easy banter had not deserted them. Even covered in blood with Sherlock’s cock up his arse, John realized that although things between them had changed, when it came down to it they were still the same Sherlock and John. This new thing between them, this new life, was not the calamity that either of them had expected.
