, Castiel James Novak. Get your ass out of bed this instant.”
wants to display his achievements too, it’s just – it’s almost too much for Castiel to believe.
“But, why?” Dean hates that he sounds so pathetic; voice trembling because his Alpha isn’t making any
Castiel uses both hands to spread Dean’s ass again, a thumb tracing the edge of his hole. “Are you ready, Dean? I’ve been told this part is going to feel –”
Aside from Benny accidentally finding out from the both of them that there’s something sexual between them, he has never told a single soul about their arrangement. The only other person who might have a hint about it is Jess, and that’s only because Castiel told her that he’s in love with Dean. That had no mention of the arrangement and he was
Dean drops to the floor, notes that Sam’s bunk is empty, and looks out the window. Their bedroom window looks out over the apartment block’s parking lot. Everything is covered in a blanket of white and he grins. The weather report said it was going to snow, but they only predicted a few inches. That looks like
This is the worst thing to find upsetting and he turns his head so he doesn’t have to look at Dean while he speaks.
!” His answer comes more enthusiastic than intended as Dean angles his hips just right and Castiel’s body nearly seizes in that moment.
One eyebrow twitches up as Dean puts his book over the armrest. He holds his hands out for the photo and Castiel hands it over without a word. After a moment of looking it over, he stands up and smiles. “Yeah, Cas. Of course you can put it up.”
Dean hums and shifts closer, hips twitching forward. “Oh, yeah?”
. Thanks!”
It takes maybe a few steps too long before Castiel realizes what he means. He plants his feet and uses just a little of his angelic strength to stop them where they are. “Dean, I don’t think that’s appropriate with Sam here. And I have something I need to speak to him about.”
. That –
. “I got down in the dumps and you wanted to make me feel better, so we cuddled. Ain’t nothing to it.” He pauses, arms dropping. “Except the part where we bummed you out on your birthday. That sucked.”
His words are like a physical blow; like a blade of ice slipping between Castiel’s ribs. Ignoring the fact that Dean essentially instigated the kiss, he was also an enthusiastic participant in it. He’s angry, yes, but that’s no reason to lash out. It’s one of the ways Dean deals with anger and disappointment, but Castiel doesn’t feel that he deserves it. Not now and not for
Now a shivering line of disappointment is threaded into Balthazar’s frustration.
By some miracle of God, that Is exactly how they spend the rest of their afternoon – or, at least until the alarm on Dean’s phone rings. With a groan, Dean pulls away from their lazy kisses to silence the damn thing. They both know what that means. He needs to get up now if he wants to leave on time to pick Sam up from his job. While Castiel completely understands why Dean has to leave, he wishes he didn’t have to go.
A growl rumbles through the water as Cas gets up close to him again, his glow brightening in a dangerous kind of way.
Balthazar claps Castiel on the shoulder and shakes him out of his thoughts.
“You should really try it.” Dean hitches his thigh slightly and Castiel has to bite his lip from the spike of pleasure that zips up his spine. He sighs wistfully. “It’s
, Dean.”
He didn’t think it possible, but Castiel’s stomach manages to sink even further. “I – Actually, I have plans with my friends.”
the attention Dean gives him.
.” Castiel covers his face with both hands and sinks back into his chair with a groan. “How in the world does
As if the world was waiting for him to say that, all the goop and pieces of the Titan that are lying around start to shimmer and shift. Right there around them, the pieces start to gloop upwards until they’re taking the shape of Titan-mini-me’s. Each of them is about hip-height, but there’s gotta be more than a hundred of them forming up around them.
Sam’s curiosity tickles through the kin-connection and he pushes himself up onto his elbows.
Maybe he’s still high on the endorphins of the last twenty-four hours of intimacy and orgasms, but that doesn’t sound like such a bad thing anymore. It’s only a six hour drive. He could surely go back to
Castiel couldn’t ask for a more perfect partner than him.
Rather than being irritated, Dean just laughs. “I’m not gonna debate that. There’s nothing wrong with being one.” He tilts his head to give Castiel a sidelong look. “And what about you?”
.” He flashes her a grin and shoves the plates in her direction. “Get serving.”
of yourself. You –”
He sighs and runs a hand through his hair.
“Please?” Castiel lifts his head just enough that he can give Dean the biggest, saddest puppy dog eyes that he can manage. Sam has said that they’re particularly effective with Dean. “
With some difficulty, he turns his face out of the pillow. It gives him an excellent view of Cas pulling on a latex glove and coating his fingers with lube. Oh shit, oh
He shrugs and looks down at his hands again.
Does he think that they won’t be doing
Why do Sam and Jess want
“I think you already did something about that this morning.” Sam jerks a thumb over his shoulder to gesture up the hall.
The thought hadn’t even crossed his mind. “I wouldn’t –”
’ all the way down the stairs, and Dean
Castiel doesn’t think his parents mind that his habits have changed. In fact, he thinks they would be happy about it. They may have wanted to hide him from the world to keep him safe, but they still encouraged trying new things (though that mostly pertained to vegetables and ethnic food). They were the ones who supported him the most when he wanted to get a job, and he would like to think that they would accept the Winchesters just the same as Aunt Amara and Anna have.
Pleased with himself and with his life at the moment, Castiel opens the fridge to get himself a drink. His smile falls when he sees the pie. Honestly, he had forgotten all about its existence. Either Dean never found it while Castiel was showering, or he did and he never mentioned it. Well, if he’s true to his word and he actually does come home tonight, Castiel will just have to remind him about it – if he’s still awake. He doesn’t actually know
“Man-wich, time!” Dean grins and holds it out. “A filling lunch as an apology for breakfast.” He ducks his head slightly, adopting an apologetic smile. “I know you’re still – uh –
Claire is
“Kinda missed you this month.”
through Castiel’s stomach because he doesn’t want that touch to go away.
Dean huffs and slumps against the window. “If ten-year-olds are allowed to head off into the world as Pokémon trainers, I don’t see why fifteen-year-olds can’t have a honeymoon.”
As if he can hear Castiel’s thoughts, Dean rubs his thumb over Castiel’s knuckles. “Don’t worry about it, okay? I’m not going anywhere.”
smile on his face. “I’ll be sleeping – uh –”
his fault. It’s not like he
Cas shakes his head and slowly holds his hand out, withdrawing it when the Vulpix whines and tucks into itself tighter. “No, it should be fine. For some reason the box is cool.”
have learned something somewhere because his tongue is doing completely
. And this is his chance.
could he be. They –
This time, Dean’s surprise comes in a gasp as he’s yanked right to the edge of the bed. He scrambles to sit upright, twitching hard as Castiel leaves another hickey – this time with an edge of bite to it – on Dean’s other thigh. It earns him a sharp breath, but that’s it and it’s a little unnerving.
“I can’t ask you to pick me up, Dean.” Castiel explains for the umpteenth time, if only because it gets weird if he doesn’t responds to him. “I don’t know how late the dinner is going to go. I think they usually stay until the restaurant closes, but I’m not completely sure. This is the first time that I’m going to be staying for the whole party.”
He’s thinking aloud and Castiel lets him. Maybe he’ll have some kind of insight that they haven’t yet.
right now. Castiel likes that look on him. When his ability to think in full sentences returns, it brings with him the idea that he could make Dean look happier. What if
“Yeah.” Dean is panting, his skin warmer than it was a few moments ago. He catches Castiel around the wrist and presses his hand more firmly against his face, eyes fluttering closed. “Do it. Want –
Dean licks his lips and takes a shaky sip from his mug. “And your siblings?”
Dean’s smile turns warm and easy again. “Oh, yeah? Just for me?” His hand drifts down from the edge of the tub, slipping into the water to brush gentle fingers across Castiel’s ankle. “That’s a mighty nice thing you did for me, Cas. Really appreciate it.” He watches every scoop of water closely. “Just… Really… You’re really distractin’, y’know.”
“Awesome! Thanks, Cas.” Sam gives him a thumbs up before he turns on Dean. “Don’t you
. He’s never lost a dare. Not once. Not even when Ash dared him to drink a gallon of milk as fast as he can and he was
Castiel has been hyper aware all day of the spot on his throat where Dean left his mark. Part of him wants more of that, but not like this. If Dean is going to live his marks on him, Castiel wants them to be given soberly and with the full intent to show the world that they have been together. The mark on his neck right now just leaves him queasy.
Unfortunately for Castiel, Anna’s eyes are sharp and she’s fairly intuitive. She looks between the two of them and then to Sam. “Okay.” There’s that
“Also wrong.”
“Is that code for saying that you need to use the washroom?” Because that’s becoming an increasing need for Castiel too, but he doesn’t want to move if Dean is still willing to hold him close and kiss him.
When they reach the warehouse, Dean leaves Castiel to push the cart. “I’ve got the flatbed.”
In a fit of impulsive childishness, Castiel ends his wounded mocking by sticking his tongue out.
Oh, but his name wrapped in that breathy exhale sounds
To his horror, Dean just puts the rope down on the bed next to him and stands up again. He turns away and walks out of Castiel’s line of sight. He’ll have to actually push up onto his hands if he wants to see Dean. But why is he leaving? What could be more important than this? “Where are you going?”
Another example of some good things that happened this last rotation is that Castiel actually managed to befriend some fang-fin. More or less. Perhaps he wouldn’t actually call them
Gabriel muffles another frustrated noise. “No, it’s for half an hour and anyone who comes in wearing a bikini in that time gets a free gas voucher.” He sounds like he’s going to cry. “I’m going to go do paperwork in my office.”
been a year. He can’t expect Dean to remember everything that he tells him. “I saw no point in bringing them from Gabriel’s.” Castiel shrugs and smoothes a hand over his bag. “He moved in with his girlfriend earlier this year and most of my things are in boxes in their storage closet. Gabriel keeps teasing that he’s going to drop it off, even though he promised to hold on to it for me.”
“If I do –” He uncrosses his arms just to fuss with the sleeves of his shirt. “If I do, can you promise not to – Can you
Castiel hunches his shoulders with a frown. That is most certainly
. With a sigh, Castiel allows himself to relax just a little. He doesn’t fully relax until he sees Dean with two fang-fin he doesn’t recognize. They have another one of those linked cold metal ropes wrapped around her waist and pinning her arms to her sides. She does
Castiel takes a deep breath to brace himself. He pulls away to look Dean in the eye, even going so far as to cup his face so he doesn’t look away. Immediately Dean fills the kin-connection with concern. It fades away as Castiel leans in to brush a soft kiss against his cheek.
“Nothing.” Sam jerks his head to the side, glaring at the Impala instead of the floor. “He’s just being an asshole. Like usual.”
A strong wave of affection rolls through him and he almost mistakes it as his own at first. There’s a distinct feeling of
It’s a bit of a lie, but he’s preparing a surprise for Dean and he doesn’t want him to know about it just yet.
“Oh.” Dean sits up slightly. “Uh – good, I guess? He was a complete sleazebag.”
“Are you sure you don’t want to try my couscous?” Sam offers, his voice pitching into a singsong cadence while he waves a couscous-full fork back and forth in front of Dean’s face.
have a point. He’s only seen Dean once since he left the café was when he brought over all of Castiel’s few things that were in his storage.
“Oh please, spare me.” He rolls his eyes and tilts his head backwards to look at Sam upside down. “Tell Jess that I hope she feels better soon. If you would like, I can give you some money and you can buy her some more chocolate as a gift from me?”
Only a very select few people would come in when the
The uncomfortable feeling in his belly grows worse and Castiel puts the lid back on the crock-pot, turning the heat down to
The partial truth bubbles on the back of Castiel’s tongue, and it escapes whether he likes it or not. “I don’t want to
here. Like a vacation, and isn’t
Dean still looks confused as he hip checks Castiel out of the way so he can get the fridge open. He starts laughing
Just in case Sam still has his empathy open, Castiel makes sure to feel
on it – and Castiel puts down the scissors he was using to open the box of new pots and pans. He wipes his hands on his jeans and goes to the door. “I’ve got it.”
he gets in being in a place that isn’t his own but still feels so familiar just because of how well he knows Dean. But he made it! Castiel got through the whole drive without breaking down and now he’s in
A little flare of heat in his chest warms his cheeks and Castiel ducks his head at the compliment. “It’s still just instant noodles.”
hanging off the nearest tree branch. It’s stretched out as far as it can go – jaw unhinged and mouth spread wide. They’re sticking to the middle of the river and the python can’t quite reach them but damn if it’s not making a hell of an effort.
is just one great big load of fish-shit.
“How are you feeling now, Dean?” It’s an honest to goodness miracle that his voice doesn’t crack.
“Thanks, Cas!” Sam gives him a two fingered salute before he heads out.
Which is just all
about this hunt. And the longer he goes without answering Dean, the more worried he’s starting to look.
The strawberry goes down a little roughly when he swallows. “Travelling makes me nervous. I was worried about our trip today.”
Dean Winchester, Sam Winchester, Castiel
blow job with an orgasm that is very near to perfection.
your kinks?” There are some that have been made apparently simply by their time together over the last few months, but there are undoubtedly others that he doesn’t know about yet and his curiosity is on the rise.
Those wishes entertain him until he hears the keys in the lock. Castiel grips the edge of the blanket and watches the door in the dark, waiting for the spill of the light from the hallway. He squints against it as Dean quickly ducks into the apartment and shuts the door again. After a few moments of shuffling with his coat and his shoes, Dean’s dark shape slides across the room only to be briefly illuminated by the light coming through the crack of his bedroom door. He turns at the end of the couch and moves to the edge of Castiel’s bed.
Any brain power that was focused on his jealous feelings is immediately diverted the moment Dean’s hands find his hips. It’s also that moment when Castiel’s mind chooses to notice that he has been quite obviously backed up against the counter. His brain almost completely flat lines the moment Dean’s nose brushes his and he almost stops breathing.
“With a lot of pepper and a sprinkling of cheese.” Dean sighs and cracks two eggs into a sizzling pan. “I know. And unless anyone wants otherwise, you’re
Any further conversation is interrupted by the sound of the front door opening. A few moments later, Sam is walking into the kitchen bundled up in a mismatched sweat suit and a headband. He smiles brightly when he sees him. “Good morning!”
Cas hums, low in his throat, and it makes Dean’s
stuff tonight. That only happens when the collar is on, got it?”
You know what? That kind of sounds like something that Cas would want to hear. Dean gathers up that whole feeling and slides that into the kin-connection slowly. It might not be something Cas wants to feel from someone like him, so he’s kind of doing it carefully. If he does it slow enough, then he should be able to pull it back before Cas feels
Every time the Winchesters drop in for a visit, he does his best to try and be more comfortable around them. It’s been his logic that maybe the more comfortable he is with them, the more likely he is to eventually accept the offer to go with them.
Ah, yes. That would be the appropriate thing to do, wouldn’t it? You’d think with how touchy-feely Anna can be sometimes that Castiel would be used to it. But this is the first time that
“What if we don’t touch your cock while we clean up?”
Sam laughs brightly, smiling harder than he has since he started studying for the bar exam. “That’s
The brothers share another look before Sam’s smile turns hopeful. “Well, we decided to stay in town for a little bit and visit our mom more since it’s been fifteen years. And we were wondering if we could maybe stay with you while we’re here?”
His apologies are mirrored in the kin-connection by the rest of the family. It’s enough to make Castiel relax with a sigh and slump into the hug.
But Castiel can only keep things from them for so long. He crumbles to their pleading rather quickly. Might as well get it over with, right?
Dean sighs loudly. “Yeah, but this year is going to be
A defensive anger starts bubbling in Castiel’s chest. It makes his face feel hot and his skin feels too tight. Raphael isn’t just insulting him, he’s insulting Dean too, and that’s not something Castiel will tolerate.
There are any number of things that Dean is referring to, but to Castiel’s ears the only thing he’s talking about is the sexy things they do together. If he had just started with that as his attempt at coercion, Castiel would have been out of this bed long before the Kraft Dinner box had been brought into play. The last thing he would risk losing right now is his connection to intimacy with Dean. Even if he lost the sex, he wouldn’t mind so much. But not being able to hold him or be held by him? To kiss him and not be turned away for looking at him with more affection than any friend would? No, he absolutely will
, Cas. You’re supposed to keep those.”
- toys
The bright smile that earns him is brighter than the sunlight coming through the window. “Awesome!”
would be the one feeling so sad about it. “I
if he ever heard Castiel call himself that. He may tolerate this as a hobby, but it can never amount to anything. Castiel is going to be a
“Because you fell?” He raises an eyebrow that somehow portrays both confusion and annoyance. “So you failed once and now you’re not going to try?”
General/No Warnings, Alternate Universe - modern
, perhaps, he could ask Dean if
His hands feel suddenly weak, his blood pumping too fast at the sheer possibility of what they’ll get to do over the next few days.
Gabriel groans loudly and Castiel can hear the
Dean is the one who breaks the silence.
“No better than expected.” Castiel shrugs and tilts his head, looking down at the bag in Dean’s hand. “Why are you –”
sense of pride spreads through his chest as he looks over the pictures.
“But why
Castiel places a hand on his chest and dons of look of pure pain. “I can’t believe you would say that to me. We all know how important it is to make sure the one can make it from one class to the other on time. Professors can and do take attendance.”
want this?” Castiel looks back to Dean, praying he doesn’t look
Oh. Well that's not what he was expecting at all. "That sounds interesting."
When they get to the living room, the first thing Castiel notices is Sam’s costume. It’s hard not to, since it’s bright yellow and nearly as long as he is tall. “A
“Cas asked to make a pitstop first.” Sam shrugs and double checks his maps. “We’re detouring to Earth for an errand.”
Cas is. The sensory receptors in the tips of his fins and along the hard ridges of his heads-fins light up with sensation as soon as he feels another body in the water around him. Even though he had fish swimming all around him, the low key tingle those caused have
No, no,
“Stop!” Dean holds up one hand and covers his face with the other. “Don’t - Jesus, Cas, don’t say that shit with Claire’s mouth.”
Aunt Amara huffs, but doesn’t argue further (thank God, because she can be
he’s not performing as well as he used to.
cherry? That’s awesome.”
a good idea.” He gives him a grateful smile. “Thanks, Cas.”
A laugh puffs against his cheek, followed quickly by lips. One of Dean’s hands comes up to cup his chin and help angle him in for a kiss. The other hand, however, goes in the other direction. It drops to Castiel’s lap to palm the length of his cock. His clever fingers work along it, bringing his erection to full hardness quite quickly.
that Dean forgot. He wouldn’t do that, would he? It really is starting to look like he did. There’s only one a few ways to find out and Castiel begrudgingly starts by knocking on the door. When he gets no answer, he knocks once more only to have it go unanswered yet
When he opens his eyes, Dean shrieks and falls backwards on his ass. He digs his heels into the stone and pushes, shuffling backwards to put distance between himself and the atrociously large creature standing mere inches from him. It resembles a wolf in shape only, but its hulking size of its body is more like a bear, if not larger. The fur around its head and across its shoulders is thick and flares out in a mane, the ends of the fur spiked with ice.
With another groan, Castiel drags himself out of bed and checks his phone. His alarm went off a short while ago, but he still has plenty of time to get ready. Although, Dean’s alarm should have gone off by now, shouldn’t it have? Castiel can’t remember if he heard it through the wall, and he’s fairly certain that he hasn’t heard any movement in Dean’s bedroom so far this morning.
Balthazar laughs and wiggles against Castiel’s side, trying to get comfortable. That’s a difficult task considering they’re both on the bottom of the pile and Castiel knows, from this experience and many others, that it is not a comfortable place to be.
were going to go out to dinner together to celebrate the competition – regardless whether Castiel had won a medal or not. And then they were going to meet up with Dean’s new friend, Charlie, at a costume shop to get some outfits for LARPing.
doing something and it’s for the good of ending this war. The fang-fin Council is doing nothing, and meeting with them isn’t going to change anything. In fact, it’ll just put the bright-fin Council at risk. Castiel wouldn’t be surprised if Alistair and the others used a meeting to ambush them.
“I remember being really worried.” Sam’s hand is shaking slightly as he lowers it to rest on the table. “And I cried my eyes out when we got into Dean’s room. He looked so pale in the hospital bed, and his wrists were wrapped up in bandages. The other kid was in another room and the worst he had was some mild blood loss. He would have been dead if Dean hadn’t done what he did, but he almost bled out himself and that –”
as his shot grazes the edge of one of the targets. It’s enough to knock it over and Castiel is elated with that little bit of progress. Dean guides him through doing that with three more targets before he lets go and Castiel tries for the last one on his own.
One of his biggest concerns is the very real possibility that they might refuse his request to keep meeting the rebels, and that would cause all manner of problems. Without the meetings, he won’t have any way of being kept appraised of how Dean and Sam are handling things with the fang-fin colony. The only place he can think of where they would be able to talk is if they bump into one another on the battlefield. But that is an unreliable and dangerous means of meeting with far too many distractions.
, or he could wait until Dean tells him what he wants. One exception was already made, and Castiel isn’t going to make another. Especially since Dean didn’t use the magic words. He’s going to need his mouth for that, so Castiel diverts his attention back towards the collar. At this point, the leash is mostly useless and he should probably take it off so it doesn’t get caught between them and pull painfully. And yet… a whole bevy of delicious ideas fill his mind at what he could do with it.
As Miss Charlie stands up to go check on other kids, Dean reaches out to grab her hand. He tugs on it a few times. “Hey, hey, Miss Charlie? Can you read us an Arthur book for story time? I didn’t know he had books! I thought he was just on TV.”
The only other thing Castiel takes from the box is a small bottle of lube. He tucks that away in the pocket of his sweat pants. Everything else gets packed up and returned to the closet. This is all he needs at the moment and if Dean wants anything else later, they can come get it. Castiel feels a little wobbly on his feet as he returns to the kitchen table. He breathes hard through his nose while he gets back to working on his assignment. Even if he doesn’t get anything done between now and when Dean gets home, he can at least
And just like his anger, that familiar ache surfaces in his chest and Dean presses his palm to it out of habit. It’s not like that’s going to really do anything to stop it.
prepared for.
curious about it, he doesn’t really want clarification. What’s the point of needing further information about the people he’s never going to meet? The same can be said for learning more about Dean and Sam.
off key and Castiel honestly can’t tell if he’s doing it on purpose or not. Part way through the lyrics, Sam goes
Dean drops his hand with a quiet sigh. “Fuck off, Sammy.”
Shit.
“You’re a
He fights back a blush with a curious frown. “If you asked, I could have sent you one.” Of course, he’s not complaining. That brief moment is a memory he will always treasure.
confused. Sexually satisfied in every possible way, but confused. That satisfaction is the entire reason that Castiel isn’t a walking pillar of nerves regarding his pending date with Meg. He’s feeling on the matter are more dread than they are anticipation. She’s a wonderful coworker and he enjoys his shifts with her, but he just doesn’t see her the way that she apparently sees him.
. Hopefully one of the others might have seen him before they all headed into the fight.
The more time he spends with Dean, the more
into the relationship they have now when they only saw one another for a few weeks every other month, then they can get through any hurdle regarding separation. They will survive this. Or, at least, until Dean either decides he doesn’t want this job anymore, or Castiel reaches a point where he’s comfortable moving away from his home and family to move to
The next time he lets himself dream, it starts as a nightmare; dark and burning and filled with pain; screams and laughter and blood. There’s a knife in his hand and hooks in his skin; Alistair's voice whispering in his ear. Dean tries to resist the nightmare, but he cuts into the souls in his dreams just like he did when he was in Hell all those years ago. He cuts and he laughs, choking on it and loving it.
With a soft sigh, Dean rests his cheek against the back of Castiel’s neck. “I was kind of a wreck that weekend, in case you didn’t notice.”
, especially when more than half the accounts have security settings that prevent him from seeing more than just every time they change their profile picture.
to him last night.
If he tells her about how he feels for Dean, Mother might start making
And that whole memory feels sour now because Dean hasn’t shared it with Cas yet. Cas was all super excited to learn so much about him, about everything outside of this trench area, and now he’s not going to be able to tell Cas anything. Which means that he’s probably never going to get to see Cas smile again, or feel him get that excited little thrill that he tries to hide every time they talk about something
. Dean barely even puts up a struggle as Castiel attempts to smother him with the pillow. He ends up on his back, arms up to defend himself, but he’s laughing
“No one can resist my Harley, or my baby.”
It's gotten to the point where Castiel has resolved himself to being alone for the rest of his life. At his age, he should have at least mated with someone by now, if not at least have found a nest-mate. But he's done nothing – though not for lack of wanting. Castiel craves companionship. Since he doesn't have a romantic one, he seeks company either in one of his siblings or someone from his garrison. Outside of his family, his closest friends are several members of his garrison that he has trained next to or surpassed in skills over the many seasons that he’s been a warrior.
“Can we not talk like I’m not still living at home, please?” Sam groans and leans against Jess’s side.
Dear God, someone pinch him. Castiel can’t get any part of his face or body to move like it’s supposed to. All he can do is stare at Dean like an idiot because he can’t wrap his brain around this. Has he – has he
After a moment of bearing Dean’s flat stare, Balthazar sighs and flares his head-fans in annoyance.
with pictures of one specific dog. And a cat. As he’s staring at it, trying to figure out how the hell they got there, a new picture pops up. This time it’s a cat sitting in the lid of a cardboard box. It’s on a desk next to a very distinctive laptop that Dean would recognize anywhere.
“Oh, I know.” Pam leans over too, whispering just as loudly. “But that doesn’t mean I can’t tease him. He blushes
There are things such as; what’s his favourite colour? What’s his wardrobe look like
. Castiel just
Should he…?
“If all you’ve got are wings and a little super strength, then I think we can get away with you being a
, he’s happy.
Lucifer brings to light the most important question of all.
outfit soon enough.”
The chime at his door has Dean stretching across his bed before sitting up. “Enter.”
Unfortunately. Castiel sighs and rubs a hand over his face. All he can stomach right now is kelp and he’ll have to get a fish or two on the way to the camp – or when he’s there. He’s not picky.
Cas laughs and presses a kiss between his shoulder blades, just shy of the leather harness. “We’ll go shopping for one tomorrow. Let me take care of you now.”
. At first thought, Dean thinks Cas popped in, grabbed him, and left, but there’s no telltale wing beats or the lingering scent of ozone that follows any use of his wings. And then he hears the pattering of feet and realizes that Bobby got off the bed in the split second that Dean wasn’t looking.
This one is a shoulder holster that he hides beneath a red leather jacket. Castiel both loves and hates it. He takes three guns – one in the thigh holster and two in the shoulder holsters. The fourth gun, Sam takes. The spare darts get clipped to their belts. It’s a bit confusing at first, and Castiel is about to question why Dean gets more guns, and then it hits him. Sam has more in an
faster than Dean did yesterday. In the last cavern, just before they exit out to where the others are waiting, Castiel makes sure to dim his glow to nothingness. He just barely remembers to do it, almost too distracted by his building excitement over
but it sucks and it sucks hard. Has there ever been a moment in his life where he hated being aroused as much as he does now? Regardless of that answer, Castiel is frustrated and angry and he wants to go to the gym and kick the stuffing out of a punching bag.
I’ll stop harping on you about it.”
If Dean stays out again – Castiel doesn’t know what he’ll do. Well, obviously he’s not going to do anything, but he’ll definitely be troubled by it – even though he has no right to be. Just because they gave each other blow jobs doesn’t mean that Dean is
Castiel glances at the door before dialing the number he’s had memorized since Anna got her first cell phone. He pulls a pillow under his chest and fidgets with a loose thread on the pillowcase while he listens to it ring.
Castiel shrugs and gestures in the direction of the living room. “I have a smart TV, so feel free to use whatever is on it. There is Netflix, if you’d like, but I’d prefer if you would log me out and use your own account if you have one.”
“I thought it might help you with your terrible tastes.” Anna shrugs, clearly pleased with herself.
Castiel’s heart gives a worried thud against his ribs. “And what – what’s that supposed to mean?”
Always one for short conversation, he swims off over the garrison. Already he's calling orders at them, his thoughts a strong push through the kin-connection. Castiel feels confident in leaving his garrison in Uriel's hands. He did have command over it when Castiel was presumed dead, after all. If anything ever did actually happen to him, Uriel would make a fine replacement.
of surprise, because Dean certainly does snort a choked laugh. Castiel wrinkles his nose at it and reaches for the nearest pillow. That snort devolves into all out laughter and he will have
passing over them. That’s when he notices that her pupils are incredibly wide – far more than they should be. Either she’s very high, or – He stops counting as the realization hits him.
By the time the last words are said, Castiel is already swimming out of the auditorium. He fills the kin-connection with his gratefulness and his happiness. They get to
and he should be over these feelings by now, shouldn’t he? Because he
If possible, Dean’s frown creases even deeper. “I
“But you want to be
He nods at the same time that Dean does, but it only makes Sam’s frown grow deeper. “So, you’ve been sleeping together and you – you’re
“Thanks, Cas.” After a pause, Sam clears his throat. “Did you – I mean, did you guys really fight? All I heard was scuffling, so I dunno what really happened. I just want to know that you guys are okay and not, like, hurt or something.”
.” Gabriel covers his face with both hands and sags forward to rest his elbows on his knees. “I’m not sure I’m actually ready for this.”
As soon as he says that, Dean’s smile falls. “You were going to say something else, weren’t you?” His eyes narrow into a suspicious squint. “It’s great and all that you want to do it again, but what were you going to say?”
Pam for making him go through this. She could have just as easily told them herself instead of dumping this on the most anxious person she knows.
But Castiel isn’t finished. He gathers Dean up in his arms and sits back, hugging him tightly to his chest and folding his wings around them, smiling as Dean automatically reaches for them. With Dean sitting in his lap like this, he can’t do much besides some shallow rocking and grinding up into him. All Castiel wants is to hold onto Dean tightly and never let go. He feels amazing and he’s just
. He moves to sit next to Dean, putting an arm around his shoulders and guiding him into his side.
God, he’s such a fucking
Castiel rings the words with his glowing delight. Maybe it will be a comfort for the fang-fin to know that at least one bright-fin is actually happy to have them stay.
” She’s smiling again; voice teasing. “
anyone to complete something that isn’t broken. He is
mess to deal with too. Was he born under an unlucky star or something? Why does the universe seem intent on making his friendship with Dean be so difficult for him?
.” Dean groans loudly, his back arching off the bed as he rocks his hips down on the vibrator, taking it all in with one hard motion.
That’s about when Dean notices that Bobby and Ellen have left Victor and Sam to continue dealing with the colony – which now includes assigning some rebels to go with the bright-fin and the loyalists to the trench. Bobby and Ellen have drifted over and are
Pam laughs and flashes him a bright smile. “Bobby’s got his office.” She nods at the desk in the living room. “And I have mine.” She gestures at the ceiling.
“What will?”
By the time they reach the apartment and Dean has paid for the cab, Cas is even worse. He can barely stay upright. It’s like he’s going to fall asleep any minute. Fuck. Even though Dean’s body is sore from a hard day’s work, he still gets Cas up (not easily) to piggyback him into the building, up the elevator, and right into his apartment. With some careful maneuvering, he gets Cas on the couch – where he immediately flops over onto his side.
with this eating away at him, but at least he’s managed to get
Slowly, Castiel lifts his head and looks towards the door. Anyone turned to face him turns back around to look at Dean. He carefully puts his bag back down on the floor as Dean smiles. There’s something wrong with it now that there wasn’t earlier. His smile doesn’t quite reach his eyes like it usually does. Castiel can’t put his finger on it, but he doesn’t like seeing it there. The wrong smile does nothing to stop Dean from lifting the book and wiggling it at him, his eyebrows wiggling up and down along with it.
“Well, if you’re up for suggestions…” Dean climbs back onto the bed and settles on his knees next to him. “I have one.”
Castiel knows that he likely has a hand on either a gun or a knife, and he’s most definitely not sleeping. The lines of his shoulders are too tense. Dean would never drop his guard in public like this. The only time he can remotely sleep easily when they’re not at the bunker is when he’s had a lot to drink and essentially blacks out. All other times are – well, Castiel wouldn’t consider it restful. He has too many nightmares for that.
and the walk to her car flirting?
He opens his mouth to ask the important question and Charlie holds up a hand to stop him. “Yes, there will be booze, you frikken
Apparently Castiel is the only one who actually pays attention to conversations. He sighs and shakes his head. “Let me guess – you’re thinking I’m going to be the kind of photographer who takes pictures of models all day in exotic locations?” He knows Dean and he knows
With a sigh, he pulls away from the tight hug. He goes only as far as is necessary so he can catch Dean’s face between his hands again. “Don’t worry, Dean.” Castiel leans in with a small, understanding smile, hoping that it will ease Dean’s nerves. “Whatever it is, it’s okay. I’m not going to judge you for it.” He emphasizes his point with a soft kiss.
And then they’re left to their own devices while Cas and Jack busy themselves with ropes, sails, oars, and God knows what else. Dean watches while chewing slowly at some of the best croissants he’s ever had. Sam forces apple slices on him and he eats them only so he doesn’t have to deal with his ridiculous bitch face.
“I sincerely doubt that.” Cas steps back again, not turning around as he backs out of the room.
helping matters.
That turns out to be quite the loaded question. Sam launches into what might be one of the most boring topics that he has ever listened to. He goes on and on about networking, and law firms, and current debates and topics of discussion that have no bearing on Castiel’s life that he can see. Regardless, he still listens with the majority of his attention, if only because it’s something that interests his friend and Sam is
“This might not be my place to say…” Castiel starts slowly, waiting until Dean looks at him. “But, exactly how long has it been since you last saw him?”
She blows water through her gills in a bored sigh.
. This is the first time he’s actually made a sound while masturbating, let alone one that he has no control over. He’s actually left panting once he’s stroked himself to finish, surprised at how quick that was. Castiel is certain that it has never taken him such a short amount of time to come before. And he’s also certain that the tingling still trembling through him is a part of the best orgasm he’s ever had.
Ellen tries to give him a calming smile, but it just makes Castiel frown at her more.
Even without looking, Castiel can tell that Dean is staring at him. He takes a deep breath and gestures at the soup. “Eat something.”
to do it. His anxiety is thrumming just below the surface, but it’s quieter than usual. Maybe he’s gotten used to Dean’s brazen sexuality, maybe he’s just too tired to
and that Witch cursed him with her dying breath.
“Hi, Dad.” Dean’s face has gone red and there’s a bite in his words.
“I know, but we haven’t spent any time together lately. Not even for studying.” And it’s causing him quite a bit of worry. Even if he’s largely focused on Dean, he still wants to maintain his friendships with Sam and Jess. They were his first friends and he will always hold them close in his heart. “I just want to know if it’s because of something that I’ve done.”
. He wants to feel full like he only feels when Dean is moving in him. God, but he wants the way each thrust shakes him to his bones. It feels so perverted and mildly embarrassing to
Castiel is drooling. He can’t stop imagining all the different things he could do with one of these high end cameras. The very same cameras that he absolutely cannot resist touching. The security cords are a little annoying, but Castiel just wants to test the feel and weight in his hands. If it’s comfortable to hold and feasibly use, he might very well buy it. Or at least heavily consider buying one. It feels weird not to have an actual camera available to him like he used to.
“Son of a
Castiel leans forward slowly until their foreheads bump. “I know.” The issues that Dean has with his scars are not so very different from Castiel’s issues with his wings. He still doesn’t like them, but perhaps he doesn’t hate them as much as he did before. Before
In a curious twist of events that makes Dean want to stick around all the more, every single one of Cas’s emotions pulls right out of the kin-connection. It goes eerily quiet for a moment and Cas is very pointedly not looking at Dean when he asks one very important question.
Luckily, Castiel is not above begging.
Mary frowns, but nods. She excuses herself quietly as she picks up her plate and follows after Charlie. Castiel has no idea where they’re going, but there’s no shortage of tables in the bunker for them to find for themselves. As soon as they’ve left the room, Dean starts to relax. He exhales quietly and Castiel runs a hand over his back a few times.
As soon as he starts closing his books and his laptop and stacking them off to the side of the table, Castiel can hear Sam and Dean do the same. After supper, Sam had moved to the living room to ‘
nerd, has an unnecessarily large mental inventory of most anime, he LARPs and plays D&D in his spare time, and is still working towards his degree in mechanical engineering. He graduated second in his class only to Cas and would have been valedictorian if it wasn’t for him. They were so close in grades because they studied together literally all the time.
What matters is that they’re still friends
the room. He gets out of bed and is oddly pleased when the noise gets louder as he approaches the door.
And now the idea of having sex with Dean is in his
Something like
“No.” With that, he crumples it into a mangled mess. “You already have enough feathers.” To lend weight to his point, he reaches out to flick at the feather hanging over the neckline of the
Castiel nods, but he hesitates and bites his lip. There’s a question he wants to ask, but it might be pushing the very boundaries of what he’s going to be allowed. Even still, he has to ask. He has to be sure.
.” The coil of rope is still beside him and he picks it up to hold it out to Dean. “Please?”
. If the hunters really did see one, what will this mean for their colony? Will things change or are the other fin-kin merely passing through the area? Is it a small group or a whole colony? It can't be an
Dean is frozen in the middle of drying off his hair, the towel obscuring his face. Castiel reaches out and pulls it back, the surprise in his eyes as evident as it is in the kin-connection. “I know.”
situation that he’s been neglecting the ongoing project of creating a digital catalog of the library. It’s something that he and Sam started a few months ago as something to keep them occupied during downtime at the bunker. Castiel has found it to be a nice bonding time for them. Especially when Dean is busy with his hobbies in the garage or when he’s binging mindless television for hours.
–” And, at that, a wide smile enters his voice. “Then you made just the
close. So close that Dean’s heart almost fails when Cas taps him on the top of his head.
going to do this.” Castiel takes a deep breath and forces himself to move back. He does it slowly, taking a moment to briefly press his cheek to Dean’s before he’s stepping out of the hug. “I can do this. Just – Could you please not go too far?”
There are
“Enjoying yourself?”
“Whatever. You’re
. Even Crowley is scared of her and he’s the only one who actually came forward to take Azazel’s place when that dumb dickhead finally bit off more than he could chew. There are some kinds of creatures in the deep that
wearing the collar, after all and it’s possible that Dean just remembered the rules that comes with it.
But ever since he started swimming in cash, Cas has been… kinda absent in Dean’s life. They haven’t really talked about it, mostly because Cas kept making excuses not to see him. Dean figures it has something to do with the money, and with how he immediately tried to replace Cas’s shitty beaten up
of his jeans is very,
funny. But it’s the best he can come up with on short notice. Either way, it has everyone laughing again – including Dean. He still flashes a smile and another wink at Castiel. It’s one that he’s pretty sure is supposed to be read as; “You know I can.” In a bold move, Castiel winks too. He doesn’t particularly mean anything by it, but he likes how it makes Dean’s grin grow wider.
As grateful as he is for that, Castiel can’t help a teasing smile. “Is this more of your
Dean smack his tail against the curl of Castiel’s own.
And that’s when the realization strikes him. Castiel’s fans snap out in surprise and he looks back at Dean, eyes wide.
, but his Father would disown him for good if he gave up being a doctor to do anything else.
He takes a deep breath. “I did something stupid and I need your advice.”
Dean opens his mouth to answer and then pauses. He glances at the bed with more than enough room for two people, and then again at Castiel. “Uh.” He looks between the two again. “The couch?”
and they haven’t worn out a topic yet. If that isn’t phenomenal, than Dean doesn’t know what is.
Cas pivots slowly to face Raphael. “Now, what’s the matter, Raphael? Somebody clip your wings?”
With a sigh, Sam rolls his eyes. “Whatever it is that Dean wants to know, Cas, just save yourself the trouble and tell him. He once tickled me in the middle of a Walmart until I pissed myself.” Oh Lord. “When I was
Cas rolls his eyes, but his smile betrays him. He starts pedaling away and raises a hand over his shoulder in a wave. “Goodbye, Dean.”
higher than a box of frozen juice sticks. This probably won’t take long anyway, and he can probably convince Dean to buy him new ones if these melt. He moves the bags to the table where they’ll be easier to empty, and his backpack joins them before he goes back to the living room. There’s a measure of worry growing heavily in his belly again. Hopefully this won’t be about the picture, but Dean hasn’t mentioned it yet so it could really be about anything.
Apparently he’s not the only one thinking that, as Dean cleans him up quickly before tucking against his side. They tangle together, arms wound around each and legs hooked over and other one another. Dean’s breath is warm against his cheek as they get comfortable and Castiel is delighted. There’s only one thing that could possibly make this better.
and his jasmine rice is nice side to it. And the quiches even look good just lined up neatly on a plate with eye-catching garnish. If he could cook, Castiel would love to add this to his repertoire.
This.
It takes them a few attempts and several adjustments before they’re all satisfied with how the lights rest on the tree. Sam takes over to add the garland that Dean had separated, because that is apparently
He turns to give them both a sleepy glare. “What the
His teeth catch on the lobe for a moment before he breathes one word. “
His team answers him with a number of wolf whistles. Charlie shushes them all and speaks over most of them. “
Of everything that he could say or do, he does not expect for Dean to take him by the shoulder and turn him around.He pulls down the collar of Castiel’s turtleneck and undoes the collar. “We’re not doing this here. The collar is for the bedroom or at home whenever you’re in this kind of mood. I want you to just be
Cas tilts his head to the side and squints out at the colonies. This is the first time in history where two almost full colonies are in each other’s presence. If any other colonies have fully met before, then Dean’s never heard of it. He’s also never met another colony before the bright-fin, so there’s not much worth to that thought, probably. Either way, this is something he’s likely never going to see again – and the everything that goes with that thought makes Dean feel dizzy in the worst way.
don’t know.”
There’s a pregnant pause after he’s finished speaking where it’s almost like Cas is waiting for something to be said. Is there a comment he usually gets about his name that Dean is missing here? Sure, there’s something about that information that tweaks at the back of his mind, but it’s only a seed of a thought that never really forms.
Everything hurts when he wakes up. Even his
Her smile gets wider, catching Castiel’s eye. He looks to her again, curious about why her eyes have narrowed with her smile. This means something, but Castiel isn’t quite sure what that might be. He isn’t all that great at reading facial expressions, though he is a far cry better at it when he actually knows the person rather well. Castiel doesn’t even need to
The bigger beads don’t go in as easily as the smaller beads did and Castiel worries that they might be
time.”
Balthazar repeats his thought, just as incredulous as before.
region, right?” Cas flips through his notebook to some maps that he’s pasted into the pages. “If we don’t find the Pokémon for you in
Castiel takes a deep breath and holds it for a moment, sealing his gills against his neck.
Anna and Dean. Talking to each other.
the mess and Castiel will once again need to be cleaned up. Luckily, Dean looks
“Sorry.” Dean’s voice is a muffled rumble from against his shoulder. “I’m a fucking mess.”
and – and Castiel has been so. Damn. Stupid.
“Hey, don’t worry about it.” Dean squeezes his knee before pulling the pen from his clipboard. “It’s totally cool. Not everyone is as proactive as me.” He laughs and graces Castiel with a wink. “I was just checking to make sure you knew what to expect.”
Castiel rests his cheek on his pillow instead of hiding his whole face in it again. He sighs and watches the clock, counting the minutes as they flip by. Counting really helps focus and center him. It’s something his parents taught him when he first started having panic attacks as a child. He probably wouldn’t have had them if they had just registered him when he presented, but there’s nothing that can be done about it now. And he loves his parents. They were always there for him and did the best they could while protecting him from a world that hates his kind.
And that would be why he mentioned Kali. Castiel’s eyebrows draw together with his frown. “I told you, that was Kali.” Oh, wait. Maybe – “You
Another groan rumbles through Cas’s chest, and he’s pressed so close that Dean can actually
“Eleven. Business types too.” Charlie grins at him. “Your favourite.”
Thinking about what they might be able to have later today wakes Castiel up much faster than the coffee ever could. There’s even a bit of a pep in his step as he heads back to his bed to puts his clothing away. Now that he has no plan to leave the apartment, he won’t need them. Today he can spend the whole day in his pajamas and do whatever he wants. This is going to be a wonderful day and he is suddenly
Both Dean and Sam raise they eyebrows at him, and Castiel ignores them both. “I like ice cream cake.”
love him. That’s something that probably terrifies him, and this much of a confession is more than Castiel could ever ask for. He is
to move the pies to the other counter so they’re out of the prep zone and put the whipped cream in the fridge. When you’re done, put the cranberry sauce out. The dish for it is already on the table. And Anna, I need
“Well, they’re still awesome.” Dean’s footsteps carry him to Castiel’s side of the couch. He tilts his face up for a welcome home kiss before settling into the couch again. “I’ll move my books over later tonight. You relax right now while I go shower.”
Dean grins up at him from where he and Sam are kicking out of their boots. “Aw, I missed your sass.” He laughs and scoops up the cooler as Sam heads down the stairs with their laundry. “Did’ja miss me?”
Dean isn’t one hundred percent sure, but he’s pretty positive that he can convince Cas to fuck a fleshlight instead of him when he’s feeling too sore and oversensitive to offer his ass again. Luckily, Cas will fuck him or ride him as he sees fit, so there’s a handful of different dildos in the bag too just in case he can’t get it up and Cas is in the mood to take it. As long as Cas gets off with a partner he’s bonded to,
He licks his lips and nods, regardless of whether Dean can see him or not. “Okay, but –” He takes a deep breath and steels himself. “On one condition.”
A kiss gets pressed against his back again, preceding questions Castiel never thought he’d get to hear. “How about it, Cas? Do you want to completely break our rule tonight?” He pauses for a breath and leans forward more, mouth by Castiel’s ear again. “Do you want me to mark you up?”
“No!” A little hand pokes out between two pairs of slacks. “I c’n make you a
Dean checks the screen on the back of the camera, changes a few settings, and then there’s a bright flash that leaves spots dancing in Castiel’s eyes.
With one hand he starts undoing the zipper keeping the back of his shirt together. He doesn’t let go of his coffee the whole time that he slowly and methodically goes through the process of removing his altered shirt. By the time he gets it off (without spilling any coffee, thankfully), Dean still hasn’t said anything. Castiel glances over his shoulder to find him staring. Where that would normally make him blush, he’s too irritated this morning to care.
That’s rather ambiguous because clouds come in all manner of shapes and sizes. “What do you –”
Michael fixes Castiel with a disappointed stare even though he continues addresses Raphael.
The blush is under control by the time Dean starts banging frying eggs in the kitchen. By then, Sam is shuffling into the kitchen with a yawn. There’s coffee already brewing, but Castiel hasn’t left his place on the couch. He can’t bring himself to move yet even though he would like to do something to help. But he’s currently been more or less banned from having anything to do with the kitchen ever since he tried to make dinner one day as a thank you.
Castiel holds up his hands to stop her in place. “That’s really not necessary, Meg. Nothing will happen to me inside and it’s just a short elevator ride to my floor. I’ll be fine.”
beside him. He turns on his side and pulls one of the pillows to his chest, hugging it tightly. What would it feel like to fall asleep holding Dean or being held by him? Castiel would
Dean always remembers in his dreams to tell Cas that he loves him, because he never did it in real life and he doesn't want to have regrets in his good dreams too.
learning the nuances of the enigma that is
After washing his mouth out, Castiel rubs a thumb along his jaw. The feature he likes the least about himself is the facial hair. If he doesn’t shave every other day, he would likely have a full beard within a week or two. Since he didn’t shave yesterday, the lower half of his face looks darker to him today. It looks weird. Should a sixteen year old have facial hair like this? It’s odd and he takes the time to shave again before he deems himself ready to face the day. His hair is a mess, but any styling Castiel attempts is always destroyed within a few hours.
Sam snorts. “
Dean lifts his head and Cas tilts his face up at the same time for his goodnight kiss. They had one earlier when they parted ways for the night, but that feels like forever ago. Plus, Dean’s not going to miss the chance to kiss Cas here in his hollow. He loves literally everything there is to love about kissing Cas; the feeling of his lips; the gentle emotions that fill the kin-connection; the way his grip tightens. Every kiss with Cas is always so soft and perfect.
? And Castiel can’t help but wonder if this Rhonda girl still has the pictures, or –
With that, he shoulders his gym bag and walks away without another word. In this moment, he’s angry enough to not care about Father’s threat right now. He pays no attention to the car as it drives away, passing him only to disappear into the traffic. Castiel has no idea where he is, but he doesn’t care. It’s hard to care about anything right now when he feels like he’s shaking in his shoes from pure
“Maybe I didn’t do that this time.” Aunt Amara hums, smiling back at him with an all too smug tilt to her head. “Or maybe I did. You’ll just have to wait and see. Either way, it’s something good.”
Once they’re on the road, Dean reaches over to tug Castiel’s hand to rest in the middle of the seat between them. Castiel smiles and lets him lace their fingers together, even giving Dean’s hand a squeeze to let him know that it is absolutely fine if he wants to hold hands while they drive. They share smiles between one another all the way from the apartment to Sam’s job. Then and only then is when Dean lets go of his hand.
“Don’t you
Is it getting darker out, or is it just him? Dean blinks away the ice forming on his eyes lashes and squints through the darkening edges of his vision. He’s so goddamn
It’s hard not to pout because yes, he does what Cas’s business to do better. But he was also kinda maybe sorta hatching a plan about talking Cas into giving up this life and becoming a hunter with him. A guy who accepted the idea that the supernatural exists as easily as Cas did,
Sam rolls his eyes and shakes his head. “Not talking about it doesn’t mean it didn’t happen.” He leans forward to rest his elbows on his knees and looks to Castiel. “The short version of the story is that we haven’t seen our dad since late 2007. He used to come back from every hunt, and then he started coming back less and less until he eventually just didn’t come back at all.”
He follows him to the ladders and they head on up, walking along the beams like they haven’t a care in the world. On a bungalow like this, they don’t bother strapping themselves in. A fall from this height will hurt, but it won’t kill them.
“No!” Castiel turns to him sharply. “I already said I’m
flown and his heart starts hammering hard against his ribs at the mere thought of it. A cold sweat breaks out down his back and his mind starts racing searching for some excuse –
still staring and it takes a truly monumental amount of willpower to tear his eyes away from Dean’s satisfied little smirk. “It’s Dean’s fault.” For far more than just what Sam is talking about, but he doesn’t need to know that.
Warnings:
He bares his teeth at Dean in a hiss and tosses the book aside, not caring that he’ll lose his page.
.” Castiel grumbles, counting through his rest. “I like the treadmill because I can read while I walk, or listen to a book on tape while I run. Weights are the
All that gets him is a shrug and another roll of the eyes. If he wasn’t radiating hostility, Dean would almost think that Balthazar was bored.
“He’s not the greatest with change.” Sam’s expression crunches up unhappily. “He doesn’t want to stop hunting and if I want to be a lawyer, I’m going to have to stop hunting at some point.”
He certainly thought to himself that Dean might have
“Your loss.” Despite that, Dean still briefly pouts before he ducks out of the room.
. Is Sam this upset because Dean’s results came back with an issue? At least Castiel knows that he’s clean, but he can’t help being worried that Dean might have something. If he does, will that mean that they’re not going to proceed any further than they have now until Dean is cured – if possible?
“Go back to sleep, Dean.”
Did the heat just chuckle?
His ruffled fans along both sides of his tail have a few rips in them too. Castiel curls his tail up and touches them lightly to inspect each hole and tear. Oh, thank Mother-sea. On closer inspection, those aren’t nearly as bad as he thought they would be. It’s his end-fan that is going to be a massive problem. With webbing like that, he won’t be swimming very far or very fast any time soon. If he even attempts to use it, that will only hinder the healing process and he might cause it to heal badly.
Castiel prods at Balthazar’s waking mind, trying it help push away the mire of sleep.
Sam comes barrelling into the room, apparently having left Mary in her crib upstairs. He drops next to Jess, eyes bright and smiling wide himself. “Oh my God, look at him.”
What care Castiel had for that kind of question is quickly – nay,
And Dean is
Unfortunately, Dean is not seeing any of this as a good thing. The moment Castiel told him the news, he
Sure enough, Sam shrugs. “Yeah, we pack up and go back to Bobby’s place to change our clothes and pick up anything we want to bring here.” He pointedly ignores the venomous look Dean throws his way, and the way he clears his throat. “We might grab a new hunt, but usually our end-of-the-hunt ritual is to start making our way back here.”
In his defense, Dean goes to his jacket and pulls his phone out to see just
bisexual, he’s just hetero whenever he’s with a woman. Or that he’s not
His pulse is thrumming a mile a minute against the collar and Castiel bites his lip. He twists around in his chair and looks up at Dean. The hand on the back of his neck slides up to settle with a tight grip in his hair. Dean uses that hold to pull Castiel’s head back sharply, leaning down to crush their mouths together in a rough kiss. It’s the kind of kiss he can’t resist moaning into, especially when Dean grabs the front of his shirt and bodily lifts him out of the chair.
Castiel’s other eyebrow goes up and, again, he looks Dean over. He hums under his breath before clearing his throat. “I’m sorry to interrupt, but Gabriel would like to meet you both. He feels somewhat responsible for all of this.” At that, he gestures at the paramedics loading the stretcher back into the ambulance. “If you’ll both follow me, I’ll take you backstage.”
Teen & Up (for swearing), Alternate Universe - Canon Deviation, Dean POV
one of the better fighters in the colony.
“You don’t need to keep asking about it.” Watching Dean stretch makes his own muscles ache and Castiel muffles a yawn under his hand before he arches his back. “You did a very good job with putting this bed together. I’m certain it could withstand even the apocalypse.”
He shakes his head and tugs Dean into another kiss, more chaste than the last. “It almost was, but I think you blew – or, rather,
Castiel waits next to the car with his book from Sam and the doggy-bag with their leftovers held with one arm. The moment Dean comes around the side of the Impala, he reaches for him. It’s almost like he does it without thought and wraps his arm around Castiel’s shoulders. The heavy weight of it is more than welcome and Castiel puts his free arm around Dean’s waist for lack of anything better to do. Aside from when they hug, this feels like the first time he’s done this and it makes him feel more than a little warm under the collar.
Gabriel huffs and turns back around. “I don’t like this and I don’t like him. Dean’s always rubbed me the wrong way.” He crosses his arms and Castiel notes that he turns to glare out the window too. “I always knew he’d make a move on you some day. You’re too damn cute for your own good, Cassie.”
” Dean sounds like he’s smiling, but Castiel can’t quite see it with Anna’s head in the way. “
Castiel has a sneaking suspicion that Dean has a calendar somewhere counting down the days until March and when his molt starts. There’s been no outwardly evidence, but it’s entirely possible given how obsessed Dean is with his wings.
It’s time to make a confession and Castiel pauses with their foreheads together. He takes a shaky breath to ground himself as he gathers the courage needed for this. “I – I started public school in the second half of my junior year and was virtually friendless right into my senior year.” It was better than boarding school, but he wasn’t having the best of times. “That’s when you started talking to me. At that point, everyone that I was the odd nerd who came from a private school – too
wrapped up in it that makes Dean realize that it’s not his, but rather the presence – Cas’s
and there could always be at least a month between visits, if not longer, and Castiel –
?” He looks to Dean, hoping to draw his attention away from the fridge before he sees it. “I took that picture well before we were ever friends.”
“I’m sorry.” Castiel murmurs and rests his chin on his shoulder. “I thought a joke would ease the tension.” He sighs and closes his eyes as they reach his bedroom. “So that I could apologize properly for my behaviour. I haven’t been easy to deal with today.”
That sounds like a good plan to him. With his speed alone, Castiel manages to get into the bathroom before Dean even manages to change his clothes. When they switch out, he gets started on the sandwiches and takes his time with it. It’s not long before Dean is finished and returns to the kitchen with him. In an interesting and welcome turn of events, Dean apparently still seems to be in need of comfort because he can’t seem to keep his hands to himself.
Maybe it’s a good thing that he didn’t go tournament pro. His ego wouldn’t be able to take it if
as, with one sharp yank, the flier pulls him right over the railing.
Art by
No warnings for chapter.
Sam nods a long, his smile brightening all the more. “Yeah, it sounds awesome. We really don’t need that much space while I’m still going to law school. But it would be great to kinda get something between my jobs, the uni, and Jess’s job.” He shrugs as he pats Jess on the hand. “We’re still commuting by bus or bike, and our budget might be a little tight, but we should be able to pull it off.”
Meg grins and Dean is glad he only sees it reflected in his echoes. If he had the light to see it properly, he might actually be scared.
it is. He tries to carry it out as quickly as he can. It’s a little difficult to switch to his messaging app without accidentally hanging up on Dean, but he manages it. As far as he can tell, Dean hasn’t questioned what he’s doing yet. He rushes through taking a selfie and sending it, not even bothering to check to see if it’s any good. His face feels like it’s burning, but he’s doing this for Dean
The suit shimmers and wavers out of existence, leaving Cas kneeling in front of him in his jeans and ratty band tee. It’s a shirt that used to belong to Dean, until Cas borrowed it at a sleepover and just never returned it. He’ll never admit to how much he likes seeing him in his clothes.
– and not even his family was able to really do that.
Sam shrugs and gestures at Dean’s plate with his toast. “Stop bothering him. Just eat your breakfast before he calls the cops on us.”
“I dunno.” Dean props his cheek on his fist and drums his fingers on the menu. “Ask me again when you’re done talking, Cas. We’ll see how I’m feeling then.”
“He thought he heard a scuffle or something in Dean’s room.” She shrugs, but her eyes never leave his. They’re soft and serious. “He heard voices and thought you two might have a fight. Sam was really worried when he heard you leave but didn’t hear you come back.”
“No, I haven’t talked to him since this morning.” He continues frowning at the door until he turns to Castiel. “Don’t let Dean being a dick get in the way of you having a good time tonight, okay? You just go get ready and have some fun.”
. It’s been far too long since he’s been able to tease his brothers.
in his arms, standing out against his shirt like some kind of terrible stain.
a dull pulse of pain at the base of his right wing. His shoulder is throbbing too, but he ignores them both in favour of finishing the obstacle course. He’s only got the net wall to scale after this and then he’ll basically be finished.
It’s been a while since Castiel had such a bad night of sleep. Since he’s on the couch, he doesn’t have much room for tossing and turning. He makes up for it by changing between lying on his side or on his stomach; kicking off the blanket and pulling it back up. No matter what he does, Castiel can’t get comfortable and that’s on both the outside
first. I’m not taking you out on another hunt until I’ve put you through a refresher on the obstacle course and shooting range.”
It hadn’t even occurred to Castiel that they could do that. Dean had a decent singing voice as a human, but can he now sing like a Bright-fin?
They manage the import and export of vehicles – both personal and transport – over the border to Canada. Dean is in charge of the sales department and spends a lot of time playing nice with clients and trying to bring in more. As far as Lisa knows, Sam’s department is small but runs the more the technical side of things. They work on the system and keeping everything in the office running smoothly. Sam also apparently oversees Human Resources to some degree.
Mr. Oblivious will pick up some of what he’s laying down. If he doesn’t, Dean might just combust.
Every so often, he worries at Dean’s finger with his teeth. It’s not outright
There’s no hostess stand, but a waitress in clean-cut black pants and a white button down rushes up to meet them with a stack of menus in her arms. She must recognize Dean, because she smiles brightly when she sees him.
fuck buddies if you’re going to get jealous of any potential partners of mine.”
At that, he goes to open the door to the backseat only to have Sam stop him. Castiel raises an eyebrow as he glances at him. “I’m not getting front seat privileges because I’m dating Dean now, am I?”
“I am.” Castiel serves himself a couple pieces of French toast and a number of sausages, then covers everything liberally with syrup. “It’s technically a short story, so I should be able to finish it today. Then I’m going to turn it in and
“You want to bottom first?” He had mostly thought that he would be the one to take it for the first time they have sex.
“Awesome.” Dean’s smile is set to break his face in half if it gets any bigger. It’s secretly rather pleasing to know that he has some a wide smile because he’s happy with Castiel’s answers. “How often do you think you’ll want to do it?”
With some difficult, he forces himself to come to a stop as Dean squeezes around him. It’s almost too much for him, considering how close he is himself. But he’s not ready for this to end yet. He needs a way to hold himself off, if just for a little longer. And for that he’s going to need Sam’s unwitting assistance. He searches out Dean’s phone without looking and returns it to Dean’s hand.
His smile lights up and he heads straight for the cash register. “Hiya! What can I get for you today?”
“What supplies do we need?” Sam asks over his shoulder, because Dean always stays a few steps behind him around other people.
“You’re too good to me, Dean Winchester.” Cas sighs, but it’s in a dreamy kind of way. He does turn back to his pie, and promptly goes through both it and another two slices.
He certainly hopes so.
Of all things, Castiel doesn’t expect his phone to ping with a text message. Dean taps him on the shoulder again. “You should probably check that.”
Apparently not, because Dean keeps going. The
“So, you’re the one I’ve heard so much about!” She cocks her head to the side, wide smile back in place and Castiel notes that her canines are fairly pronounced. “Are you a mutant too?”
“Don’t worry about it. Just get a computer that’s not going to crash on you” Dean pats Sam on the shoulder and draws him into a one armed hug, his smile growing devious. “Now, tell Cas about the time I wanted to know about your first kiss.”
It seems the first thing on his list today is editing.
“I’ll be by this afternoon with your wallet.”
Anna rustles the tissue paper sticking out of the only gift bag sitting on the end of the table. “So, when do you want to do presents?”
Despite how half the cake is missing now, Castiel still takes a few test pictures of it. Kali and Gabriel have no problem stopping their clean up to take ridiculous poses with each other while Castiel plays with the various settings and uses them as his models. Oh, but he can’t wait to play with the camera more. There are so many settings, some that he’s never heard of before, and they’re going to be so much fun. He can hardly wait to take this home and show Dean. Now that they’re friends, it will be so much easier to ask him for permission to take pictures of him.
His stomach sinks but his heart starts
“You’re certainly confident that there will be more dates than just tonight.” Cas arches an eyebrow and Dean hopes to God that’s out of amusement and not some kind of pity. It flat lines his ability to quip on the fly, but Cas quirks a smile. “Your enthusiasm is appreciated and I look forward to them.”
give Cas more money if that’s what would help him.
hard to miss how Bobby and Ellen both back away and happen to end up right in front of the entrance to the cave. They don’t trust him and that definitely hurts. Good thing that Dean can finally
“I don’t care what time it is, Cas. If you –
he even threaten that! Castiel groans and tenses around Dean’s fingers, as if he’s trying to keep him from following through on that. “I – Dean, I don’t
to have them do the interior design for one of his projects and now – Well, today has basically been a dream come true.
His face feels stiff and it doesn’t quite work right as he forces a smile. “I’m happy with it too.”
“Okay, try again.” Dean steps out of the way. “I’ll spot you.”
the heat radiating off of her, even though she’s currently parked in the shade.
Once his bed is fully made and everything, Castiel gets his coat from the closet out of habit rather than need. Even though Sam might not respond, he still calls out into the apartment. “I’m heading out now.”
Pride laces his words.
’ and it wasn’t until after he met her in person did Castiel learn her proper name.
Castiel closes the app without sending the message. “We just ate.”
Confusion flashes across Dean's face for a moment and then it's lost to a kiss. Oh, but that feels nice. Dean groans into the kiss and uses that moment to roll his hips. That's all he needs to do to slide back inside and Castiel gasps into the kiss at the feeling. The gasp breaks their kiss and his head lolls back into the pillow, opening the curve of his neck to Dean's mouth while Dean rocks his hips in slow circles. It's like he's
It’s very difficult to
a touch, but it’s more than he’s ever had before. Castiel hated his wings so much as a child that he didn’t even like letting his parents touch them, let alone Anna and Aunt Amara. He still hates his wings and the automatic response is to twitch them out of reach and turn so that Dean can’t just
of all things over top of his button up. Dean feels a little underdressed next to him in his Henley and jeans. Of course he knows he looks good, because this shirt clings in
Castiel is taken aback by the familiarity in Dean’s tone. He blinks and stares for a moment before remembering his order. “I – I’d like a BLT, please. With side salad, bottle of water, and whatever pastry you have on special.” He doesn’t care what the special is. There has yet to be anything that Gabriel has baked that Castiel hasn’t liked. And today it would be nice to be surprised.
Plenty of times, but Dean can’t think of a specific moment right now. He brushes it off with a shrug. “I’ve been watching you for a year, remember?”
to talk.
And as always, you can check the status of chapters over on the
With a sigh, Dean pulls his jacket out of the closet and pulls it on. “I’m not going to the bar to drink. I’m going to talk with Benny and
Castiel steps up to the edge of the platform and looks down. It’s only a matter of seven or eight feet, but it feels like a mile stretching between him and the ground. It makes his knees go weak and he steps back again, looking up to search Sam out where he’s standing several feet behind Dean.
With a groan, Dean leans his head back and tries
His apology makes Cas’s fins flex out again and it only makes Dean wonder if they ever get tired of
Dean’s head breaks the water and he immediately grabs Castiel’s arm to bring him up too. “Dude, out with it. Stop teasing me!”
Dean shakes his head. “Nah, just me.” He continues rubbing Castiel’s knuckles, the gentle gesture more heartwarming than it has any right being. “I had to empty the tank, and then I figured I would put the coffee on for when everyone wakes up. Then I thought I should make one for you first.”
“You know how Bobby feels about in-fighting between the students.” Pam stands up, her bowl already empty, surprisingly. Bobby is done too and she takes his dishes with her to the sink as well. “He would have kicked you out of the course too, even if you were one of his
Which is true, honestly. It would be a struggle for Sam to be able to afford his current class load along with any form of rent. Dean is a very good big brother.
of the thought, but he can’t bring himself
He steals a quick peck of a kiss before sitting down without further comment. Once his studying is done, he’s going to start plotting.
it to happen again, but he knows that he isn’t holding out hope for it.
really loudly. He passes Sam standing in the entry to the library, book in hand and curious frown on his face. They must look a pair; Dean practically running away doing the equivalent of
After a moment, Dean lets go completely. He lets go of Cas and his inhibitions and
.” And if he just keeps telling himself that, it might actually become true.
high, but Cas wouldn’t be this happy if it wasn’t some really good news, right? Yeah, that’s some solid thinking right there. But thinking is getting harder the more Cas swims. His display of agility is starting to make Dean’s head spin. All the bright-fin basically dance through the water like it’s not even there and it gives Dean a headache sometimes – no matter how much he likes watching Cas swim. They have a speed and gracefulness to them that the fang-fin don’t, and
“What makes you think I would know?” Dean’s tone is playful as he elbows Castiel in the side. All it takes is a raised eyebrow in response to make him break out in a grin. “Yeah, yeah. I get it. I have a
"Just fine, thank you." When Dean starts walking towards him, Castiel looks away and masks it by twisting toward his other side. "Your kindness is much appreciated."
The puppy stretches across a pillow when Castiel gets up for his phone. It’s a message from Sam and he’s almost afraid to check it. Thankfully, the two word message gives him some of the best news he’s heard all day.
He huffs and turns his head to rest his cheek on his shoulder instead. “Or we could, y’know,
The silence behind him is telling. Sure enough, there's red in Dean's ears and he's got his head ducked down with the newspaper held up too high. He even flinches when Castiel clears his throat and calls his name again.
Gabriel bounces away from the counter to follow Castiel into the kitchen and towards the lockers. “Oh, just
“I’ll get it!” Anna vanishes in between one blink and the next.
Sam scratches the back of his head and shrugs. “Well, yes, but we only hunt the bad ones. The kind of mutants who use their abilities to commit crimes. Most of the ones we hunt are actually registered and they just failed their evaluations. Some bolted or simply didn’t show up.”
Surprisingly, Castiel finds himself smiling as he dumps the water and puts the pot aside so he can peel the egg. “A little.” But he doesn’t mind. Pushing is what he needs, otherwise nothing is ever going to change and he’ll just keep on
It takes a moment for his gaze to stop lingering and the words to actually sink in. The usual flare of panic at the idea of going out in public is a lot smaller than it used to be, but it’s still there and Castiel swallows against the rising lump in his throat. “And what if I don’t want to go out?” He’s better at it – Christmas shopping an experience he doesn’t quite want to relieve yet – but for a date? In his hometown?
He settles back down on his stomach with a soft exhale. “Wow.”
like him. Then he wouldn’t accidentally imagine that it’s the two of them in the video; Dean on his knees in front of him and pressing nibbling, sucking kisses along his thighs, working his way up to his cock. Dean definitely seems like he’d love to tease Castiel; work him up until his begging for it.
Ms. Reid’s head pops up at the mention of a
rule the moment they opened the shop together. Even if he’s not here, he’d find out somehow and that is
no.” Dean rocks his hips up, pushing into the loose circle of his fingers. And then he forces himself to stop. “You – Do
She grabs him much the same as she did Castiel and, again, kisses him. Sam gets the same thing when he greets her, and then she stumbles past towards the tree. Aunt Amara leaves them both red faced and fidgeting. It’s very different from her usual quick cheek peck.
Today’s battle goes surprisingly well. Dean fights the same as he always does, but there’s a nagging feeling at the back of his mind that something about this fight is different. For one, it’s
’ zings through Castiel’s chest. He twists his hand to catch Dean’s and squeezes it tightly. For whatever reason, Dean brings him comfort and that’s something he needs
find Dean sexy.
She pulls ahead of him to flip onto her back and swim backwards for a bit.
acceptable.” He leans in and out of reflex Castiel brings a hand up to hold the front of his shirt, needing something to hold on to while Dean drops his voice into a whisper. “You don’t even want to know the things I’ve been thinking about you.”
“Our date tonight!” Dean pulls away quickly, rolling off the bed before Castiel is even fully aware that he’s moved. He stretches as he stands, twisting his body from side to side and distracting Castiel further with all that
Sam pokes his head out of the kitchen entrance behind the couch. His hair has been pulled back into a small ponytail. “Did I wake you?”
“You know how you mentioned you wanted to set me up with that girl from your office?” Dean is surprisingly steady as he maintains eye contact with Castiel. “Don’t do it.”
.” Dean hisses and kicks him again. This time, however, he winces and it’s Sam’s chair that jerks instead of him. “We
to kiss and he wants to trace it all with his tongue.
throughout the town, and Castiel smiles as women stand tall and free without an ounce of fear in their eyes. He never realized how withdrawn they are in the bigger cities before he came here.
time since he cried this much.
After three sharp knocks, he opens the door and pokes his head in. “Cas? We gotta leave in twenty. Time to get up and get ready.”
Castiel doesn’t hesitate to snap make. “You can take your money and your
.” He uses his shirt to wipe his face again. This time not minding the doggy breath so much. “Happy now?”
storyline.
He huffs a laugh through his gills and shakes his head.
Since his parents died, Castiel didn’t mind the silence when Anna and Aunt Amara weren’t around. He got used to it and it because
Castiel looks up from where he had hoped it would be safe to do his homework at the kitchen island. His laptop is set up in front of him, ready to use for any research or helpful hints he might need. At least Gabriel has stopped using Dean’s nickname most of the time. It hasn’t stopped him from complaining as much as he used to – and it’s certainly not stopping him now.
people, but it’s hard to tell amidst the clapping. If he had to guess, Castiel would think that it’s Gabriel. Who else is out there that would make such a ruckus for him from the area reserved for
when he gets to where he’s going.
Cas shrugs and takes one of Jack’s hands. “You wouldn’t be wrong.” He leans forward and gently guides him into petting Sassafras between the eyes until he gets the hint on how to do it himself. “Sassy was my horse when I lived out here. I couldn’t take her with me when my work took me to New York.”
When they were children, barely older than hatchlings, those from the same breeding season would often play a dangerous game. They would close their minds to everyone and effectively be
. Before last week, he didn’t know what it was like to kiss Dean. Castiel didn’t know the exact weight of him when he’s laying on him. He wasn’t aware of just how
“Fine!” Dean throws his hands in the air with a huff. “We’ll go wait in the living room!”
With a nod, Castiel moves Dean’s hand to his belly and holds it there.
fingers.
like to see this for future masturbatory material. Castiel would definitely use it, that’s for certain – especially when Dean leans forward to use his
you!” He hisses, sitting up and trying to grab her again. Maybe she won’t interfere so much with his life if he smothered her with one of his pillows for a little while.
moment.
all the time?”
be weak in front of his enemy. Not again. The defiant glare he directs towards them is interrupted by the rumble of his stomach. It’s so loud that the fang-fin must hear it too and Castiel can feel heat bloom in his cheeks. When was the last time he ate? Mother-sea, what day is it even? He’s been unconscious
With a hum, he twists to curl around Dean and drape his tail over him. Dean finds one of his hands and brings it to his lips.
With no time to stop at his locker and fight with the combination lock, Castiel has to fold his coat over the back of the chair before he sits down. He gets his binder out of his bag and a pen, setting them up on his desk as quickly and quietly as he can while Mr. Adler gets right back into what he was saying before Castiel got here.
the point here. Castiel shakes his head. “Mr. Winchester –”
for it. This is going to mean more time with Cas too and right now that’s pretty much the only bright point in Dean’s life. Which is kind of ironic, considering how Cas actually glows in the dark.
She dashes his hopes in six words. “You know what I mean, Cas.”
today.
The bar is quiet enough that Dean can actually hear the door whoosh open. Even still, something tingles across the back of his neck. He’s facing away from the door, with Sam sitting across from him at the table. With one little incline of his head, Dean gets his point across and Sam’s eyes shift from him to whoever just walked in.
. Though he did only remove it once the lights had been turned off.
“Abso-fucking-lutely!” She laughs in agreement, giving them all a thumbs up.
Occasionally, he can hear Sam’s voice too – mostly complaining on his part. From what little Castiel has overheard, there’s something unfair about Sam’s costume. Dean has been surprisingly –
Castiel gets out of the car too and he feels jittery; nerves coming back in full. It’s just a matter of time before his knees start quaking and what happens if he misses? The gun only holds one dart in the chamber. He has two guns for that purpose, but no one to refill them for him when he switches between them. There are spare darts in a canister in his pocket, but –
Castiel nods and starts picking at his pancakes, not exactly hungry yet. Dean drew a smiley face on his pancake stack with whipped cream and fruit. It’s adorable and causes a curious ache in his chest before he cuts into them. “I’m doing much better, thank you.” As long as he doesn’t spend too much time thinking about certain things.
on the other hand –”
, at least. And… Would Dean like to know
sweater that Dean is currently wearing.
“Under the bathroom sink.” Castiel glances at him, surprised to find him frowning. “But I don’t need –”
“Go without me.”
Dean’s frown finally eases slightly, but it only devolves into another pout. “Have fun, Cas.” At least he sounds sincere when he sees Castiel out the door with a wave.
, Mr. Winchester.” He keeps his voice terse, ensuring that Dean knows that he is
Dean claims that all the meetings are boring, no matter what happens during them, but he still attends each one with Castiel. As an ambassador, his position with his colony kind of requires that he attend them – and not only the meetings of his Council. He also has to accompany Castiel to the ones held by Michael and the bright-fin Council – which is even more boring than those of his own colony, apparently.
That makes Castiel come to a full stop as he’s sitting up. If he wasn’t already red faced before, then he most certainly is now. He can feel the flush burn in his cheeks. A smile spreads unbidden and the only word he can manage is one; “Okay.”
that must be radiating from him. Dean doesn’t have to finish his sentence for him to understand what he’s talking about. His assumptions had
In a strange turn of events, Dean is actually quieter than Castiel and Sam are. He doesn’t turn the TV on while they’re on their own, instead using his laptop and his headphones. Castiel knows because he did steal a little glance. He was curious and wanted to know why Dean was being so quiet. If he’s not mistaken, it’s Game of Thrones that Dean is watching on his computer. In any case, he does his best not to bother Castiel and Sam while they’re studying.
If it isn’t the uncomfortable seats on the bus, then it’s because of how many people can be crammed into one like sardines. What if someone bumped into him or pressed up against him
“Hello, Jess.” He puts the phone to his ear as he locks the door behind him.
Dean has the five-year old standing on his feet, holding her hands in his. He’s rocking side to side, picking one foot up and then the other, making her ‘
There are two viable options left to them then from his list – roleplaying and blindfolds. Roleplaying is definitely a possibility. And Castiel is sure that he could find something they could use as a blindfold. But there are other things they could do, aren’t there? These are just the things that
While Dean is in the bathroom, Castiel takes up residence waiting to the side of his bedroom door. He fidgets with the hem of his shirt; twisting it between his fingers. What if Dean is too mad at him for a goodnight kiss? It’s more than a little obvious that he’s not exactly in the best of moods right now. Of course he would be. Castiel has been, essentially, ignoring him all evening and Dean has hardly left his bedroom since he got home.
’. He wants to meet him in the kitchen? At this time of the morning? Ugh. If he wasn’t such a pushover, Castiel would refuse. Instead, he just nods. Sam gives him a thumbs up and disappears.
!” Anna adds.
. We have warm water, soap, and cloths for days. We don’t need them.” Dean continues talking even once he’s disappeared into the kitchen. “And don’t get me started on how you’re using
This isn’t the first time that Castiel feels like he’s a part of the Winchester family and he hopes that it won’t be the last.
on paying their share of the electricity and water for when they’re here. They also tend to take over the whole grocery bill during their visits, despite how Castiel tries to pay for his share. As a house full of mutants, they all tend to eat a lot more than most people and it only makes sense that he helps pay for it.
. He can’t wait to show the memory to Dean and the others.
And that just
Cas shares some of the memories in the kin-connection and it’s exactly as Dean thought it would be. A whole bunch of arguing about whether or not it’s all just one great big way to backstab the bright-fin all over again. Fucking great. Why did he ever think that this would be an easy thing to do? Mother-sea, help him. How naïve can he
On the bright side, now that he’s jumped once, it’s not so bad to do it again. And again. And
He hugs himself, as if he can be his own comfort against his internal pain.
– with undoing the tie enough to pull it down enough that it doesn’t get in the way of a hard kiss. It’s a kiss that steals whatever is left of his breath and it’s
not sharing a bed. They’re sleeping separately and Castiel can’t believe that Dean has done this to him. He’s alone in his bed –
.” Castiel barely likes it when Dean flirts with him, but he will
Considering how there are only three people who have keys to this apartment and would be coming into it at this late at night, and two of those people are already here, that means it can only be one person outside right now. His breath catches in his throat and Castiel bites his lip. He watches the door carefully, hoping and waiting that it really is Dean. The light of the hallway illuminates the figure that comes through the door and sucks a sharp breath in through his nose. Castiel could recognize the shape of that body even with his eyes closed.
Here he is, giving Cas a belly rub, and all he’s thinking about is that he hopes Cas never meets someone like that because then he’ll
“I remember everything, okay?” Dean sighs and slumps further in place. “And it’s – It’s – I dunno, Cas. I just – When we – And you just – Why the fuck did you just let me keep kissing you like that?”
He keeps counting until he falls into a fitful sleep.
“Oh, I don’t practice here.” Sam brushes some dirt from his clothes and falls into step next to them as they head for the inn. “My clients come from the big city, about a day’s ride to the East on the edge of the forest. I live here most of the time and only go there when I have a case to present.”
to discuss potential hunts they could go on.
. That just might take a little while.
He throws his arms up to knock Sam’s hands from his shoulders.
is the only thing they have left to them to salvage this relationship of theirs – whether it be their sexual one or their friendship.
“I don’t appreciate your tone.”
It’s just a matter of moments before he gets drawn into some kind of conversation and he knows that he’s not ready for it. Sam hands the plate off to Dean for washing and that’s all Castiel stays turned around to see. He puts his headphones back in and puts his music on again, returning to his studying. On any other day, he’d usually help Dean clean up. But when exams started, Dean had insisted that he be in charge of cleaning up after meals so that Castiel and Sam can focus on studying. Neither of them are complaining, of course, but Castiel still helped him.
Dean’s smile falls slightly, almost dropping into a pout. It makes a fluttering happy feeling spread in Castiel’s chest. He likes knowing that Dean enjoys his company. “Aw, okay. I guess we won’t see you until after, huh?”
“Dean is going to mock the shit out of us for it, but I like it.” Sam pats the steering wheel. “And that’s all that matters.”
café.” He starts shaking Castiel’s shoulders a little, keeping him from saying anything. “Mom talked to him about it and he called me because he
” Aunt Amara tsks in disappointment, though somewhat amused? Maybe he’s just hearing things. “
know his favourites even when Castiel doesn’t order them very often. He leans back in his seat to enjoy it as Gabriel immediately launches into a detailed description of his plans for the evening. His date tonight is a set up with a friend of a friend and they’re going to some fancy restaurant that Castiel has never been to. Gabriel goes on at length about how beautiful his date is going to be. Her name is Kali and Gabriel is convinced that she is
“C’mon, kiddo.
“Because we’re BFFs.” She shrugs and takes a sip of her latte, smacking her lips loudly. When Dean’s glare doesn’t let up any, she rolls her eyes. “Oh for fuck’s sake, Dean. We play D&D together.”
Dean!
of the
“Dean
He confirms, just barely refraining from nodding.
His mind can’t even move beyond those few letters to start going through the wave of questions this one little slip of paper is inspiring. Castiel’s world has come to a sudden and confusing stop because of this simple string of ten digits. The ability to understand and function has left him and there is only one thing Castiel knows right now.
.” Dean turns a smile on Castiel. “We’re definitely going to have to go see it.” He pauses and his smile falls into a confused frown. “Wait a sec. Didn’t you want to do a photoshoot with me for that?”
“Done in a sec!” She shouts back.
He isn’t expecting Anna to come careening out of the darkness to his left. Her glow is just about the only thing that he notices and he barely ducks out of her way in time. She must be in a hurry if she’s not even bothering to use her echoes to make sure that no one is in her way. He quickly discards that though when she stops and turns around. She can’t be in that much of a rush if she’s doing that.
“Dean?” He clears his throat as he takes one of the plates to dry it. “I’d like to speak to you about our current sleeping arrangements.”
“Sam’s waiting.” He pushes himself up onto one hand but doesn’t move beyond that. “Were you going to ask me something?”
“So, how often are you seeing that Kali chick?”
It’s a miracle that they haven’t gotten any complaints from the parents because no way those kids weren’t singing it at home too.
wants. And that gives him an idea. “Wings.”
Would the bright-fin even be able to sense that? Do they know just how lucky they are? Warm water is something the fin-kin lost when they were forced to move to the deeps long ago to escape the two-tails. That was generations upon generations upon generations before Dean every came along, but he’s rather bitter about it. Once when he was younger, he got to experience warm waters and he’s wanted to have it again ever since.
, then they actually hold the potential to wipe the fang-fin from the ocean floor. Dean can’t allow that. He might hate his own Council, but he’s pretty damn sure that most of the colony doesn’t know the real reason for this war. Half the colony barely tolerates him, but there are still other fin-kin here that he likes. He’s got friends here. He’s got
Explicit, Alternate Universe - modern, established relationship, crossdressing (kinda, I guess?), blow jobs in the workplace is a no-no kids
a lecture Dean wants to listen to. Again.
. It’s tight and sounds like he’s uncomfortable, and it relocates Castiel’s stomach to his throat. “I get it.”
His swimming comes to an abrupt halt more or less exactly from where it started.
And just let him
one.”
began.
“I read Spock’s biography.” Dean puts a hand on Cas’s knee, squeezing lightly. “He confessed to being teased
Castiel feels shattered and wounded, but still he has to fix this. He has to do
– that’s giving off this feeling.
Dean to the point that he doesn’t want to talk to him. Which is entirely why he hasn’t told Dean about his hobby with photography. Dean has never mentioned anything about liking to take pictures, so what if he finds that boring too? It’s better to stray away from those topics than to risk it.
“That’s the beauty of it, Cas.” Sam gives his shoulder a squeeze before he heads into the kitchen. “It’s all anonymous. He’d have no idea who sent it.
.” Dean shoves his shoulder and stomps into the change room, set on locating a locker to dump his clothes. “You’re going to be paying for our date.”
Right then. Apparently, this is the kind of morning they’re having. How can Dean be so perky after such a rough night and terrible nightmare? Castiel wouldn’t be surprised if he snuck some coffee in between then and now, and
kind of excited – because something is finally happening. Questions are being answered and proper plans can be formed.
to find out what that is. He lets Dean throw all the pillows to the floor and maneuver him to where he wants Castiel to be. The last thing he expected was to end up on his back with Dean kneeling directly above him. He finds himself face to face with Dean’s genitals, and he knows exactly what to do with that. Castiel gets right back to his practice while Dean drops to his elbows and does the same to him.
Castiel can’t stop himself from thinking about how Dean could walk him through giving his first blowjob; a hand in his hair pulled just tight enough to sting only a little bit as he guides him in how to move his head. That rough voice would direct him on what to do with his lips and tongue; telling him how to relax his throat and breathe through his nose.
and they end up stopping for a photo shoot. Some look like chairs and Dean drapes across them to the tune of Sam’s laughter. He gets a picture of Sam halfway up a ladder-like statue and shading his eyes to look into the distance. It’s a good time and he does end up enjoying himself – though he could do without the people coming up to try and sell him things. He’s weak for the kids with the baskets of pens that have been wrapped in wire and string to make them look like flowers and he ends up buying a whole bouquet that he doesn’t need.
like him.” Castiel huffs and starts angrily pulling out the clothes he’s going to wear; ignoring how all the skinned parts of his hands and arms burn with every movement. “But I don’t think he likes
Cas nods as he gets out of the car. “Of course. But you should take note that our lunch breaks do
“Why didn’t you just come back to Bobby’s?” Dean’s questions are quiet; spoken evenly, but with a weight to them that would be terrifying if Castiel was in John’s position. “Why didn’t you just pick up the fucking phone like you used to? You didn’t
, and you wouldn’t fit Sammy’s.” He picks up the helmet and seals it into place over his head, muffling his voice. “And, between the two of us, remind me again who actually has experience with spacewalks, huh?”
He clears his throat to get their attention. “I will neither confirm nor deny if I have feelings for Dean.” Castiel looks pointedly at Gabriel when he glances at him over the back of the seat again. “Regardless of what I feel, Dean is still my
As long as Dean snaps in Castiel’s general direction and it involves pushing him up against the nearest surface, then he’s plenty happy with that. But he does sound frustrated and Castiel doesn’t exactly like making him feel like that. Luckily, he knows just want he can do to make it up to Dean.
If that happens, they won’t even make it out of the parking lot. Castiel rolls his eyes and makes a shooing gesture. “Yes, yes. Go and get the car started. I’ll be there shortly.”
Castiel sighs and scoots down the bed to sit on the edge. He rests his elbows on his knees and stares at the partially open door of his closet. Even though it’s full of
Castiel sighs and rubs a hand over his face, watching as a fang-fin swims away with half a giant flat fish. She tows it behind her by its large bottom fin since it has no tail and leaves a trail of blood in her wake. Smaller fish stream after her, stealing quick bites of her prize. The bright-fin in front of Castiel gives him a disapproving look that she turns to Dean next. With a loud huff of water through her gills, she twists around and swims off in the opposite direction, dragging the other half of the flat fish by its equally large top fin. She leaves a trail behind her, just like the fang-fin.
. There’s a warm heat curling under his ribs and he has no idea why.
confident in her relationship with Dean, or she truly has no care for what could happen next.
“Does she have a problem with us trading coins?” He looks back, eyebrows drawn into a worried frown and his dry lips tilted down in the corners. Dean tries really hard not to stare at them.
“If you guys are quite done?” Sam crosses his arms and leans against the doorframe. “Cas, I found everything. Let’s get this over with so we can go the heck to sleep.”
argue about food, squabble about what constitutes an appropriate pizza topping. Castiel chews his simple pepperoni and bacon slice and regards the tree. It looks good, but it brings to mind a question he should have probably asked a while ago.
She laughs, though the smile doesn’t quite reach her eyes. “If you say that, then I’ll be going home with a tub of butterscotch ripple ice cream.”
“Can we help you?”
General, pre-relationship, nurse!Cas, patient!Dean, drink water kids, Cas POV, meet-cute
’ in Meg’s direction. Gabriel follows as Meg waves them out, laughing through her own farewell. Apparently she takes pleasure in Castiel’s mild embarrassment. Well, at least Gabriel seems to be in relatively good spirits. He walks with his hands in his pockets and a hum on his lips while they make their way down the block. It’s nice to see him in such a cheery mood.
His heart jolts sharply in surprise as Dean turns them. The blanket slips away from his shoulders and falls away as he’s lowered onto the couch. Castiel can’t help but smile as Dean gets his knees under him. It’s always nice to see his face, and a heat flares bright in his chest at the answering smile he receives. Dean trails his hands up Castiel’s thighs, guiding his legs to spread as wide as they’ll go while he gets comfortable. As much as he loves when their sex is hard and rough, he loves it all the more when he’s given these gentle, loving touches.
who thought of it first. With his end-fan wrapped like this, Castiel can now slither his tail to move forward and ruffle his adipose fins to stay afloat. That’s an extremely slow way of traveling in comparison to how he usually swims, but at least that something. There is also a hole in one of his adipose fins, but he’s not too worried about that getting worse since it won’t affect his ability to swim properly in the future.
for her. Regardless of his own determination, he isn’t expecting someone else’s concern to explode in excess in the kin-connection. In the same instant, Dean crashes into Abaddon from the side.
Cas huffs, hugging Dean down against him. “Crazy with needing to keep you safe, maybe.”
“You did
“I’ve always been like this.” Castiel knocks his hand away and crinkles his nose at him. “Why would now be any different?”
“We’ll get you some wine after you finish your water.” Anna picks up the bottle and tosses it into Aunt Amara’s lap from her place curled up on the end of the couch.
Once Castiel is settled, Sam at his side, Dean gives them both a double thumbs up and starts a quick jog over to the what must be the starting side. Sam’s knee is bouncing with barely contained energy next to him, fingers drumming on his thighs. He waits until Castiel has pulled out his phone and opened the timer app before cupping his hands around his mouth.
They reach the inn again and Dean leads the way back inside. “Sorry we interrupted your dinner. I can get you another serving if you want. Free of charge.”
words for her later. When they’re alone and he can properly smother her with a pillow.
The moment his feet touch the ground, Castiel’s legs nearly give out on him. It doesn’t matter as Dean pulls him into a tight, nearly crushing hug. He’s stepping back just as quickly, his hands fluttering over Castiel’s arms and sides. Of course he inspects the skinned palms of his hands, frowning at the broken skin. But he doesn’t try to take the pain for him.
“That’s not your job. You’re in
friends do you have that you haven’t told me about, huh? Does Mom know? If Mom knows and I don’t, I’m going to be
“Aw, but I’m
Dean laughs, a low rumble that Castiel can feel right through to his
. She gives his hand an extra hard squeeze before getting out, and doesn’t thank the driver – even more of an indicator of how unhappy his staring made her. Castiel waves and forces himself to smile as the car pulls away, leaving Anna standing at the edge of the parking lot.
A laugh bubbles in the back of Castiel’s throat. He’s never been called that before and it’s such a juxtaposition compared to his real namesake. “Actually, I’m named after the angel of Thursday, Cassiel.” There’s a tremor in his own voice, reminding him that he’s just as affected by their current situation as Dean is. “What did Sam call about?”
“You’re a very caring person, Dean.” He cuts in at the next pause and kisses the back of Dean’s hand. “Both as a friend and as a sexual partner. It was ridiculously easy to pretend that we were romantically involved whenever we had sex.” In hindsight, that probably is a healthy thing to do mentally and likely contributed to how long Castiel was able to maintain this arrangement.
The kin-connection fills with concern and apology, like Cas is actually upset that he might’ve hurt Dean in some way.
Three of their Council is there again. Castiel recognizes Alistair, Lilith, and Abaddon from the first meeting and from the many times that Dean has shared their faces during their countless conversations. To one side of them is a small fang-fin female with yellow hair that Castiel has never seen before. She must be one of their guards. The other guard swims along their other side and, to Castiel’s delight – and his horror, it’s Dean.
“Oh God.” Cas takes several deep breaths and covers his face with his hands. “Oh
Sam breathes a loud sigh of relief. "I thought maybe you got hit by a car or something since you weren't answering your phone." There's a whumph of sound in the background and Castiel can't decide what it might be. Perhaps Sam sat down?
With just a few words, he has managed to eradicate the worry in Dean’s eyes and replaced it with amusement. In fact, Dean almost laughs. “Yeah, of course you can, Cas. I like giving, sure, but receiving is pretty damn great too.” He winks and Castiel blushes at it, knowing that he absolutely agrees. “And I’d like to see what kind of moves you’ve got.”
There have certainly be instances of law breaking, but Gabriel isn’t as cruel as he can pretend to be. So far, Castiel has only ever seen him have someone sentenced to doing sentry shift for a few rotations in a row. The very worst punishment he’s given was isolation at a holding cave by the farming fields. It was only for a few days, but they were left practically alone. There was nothing but silence for them every night and they were only permitted to make the kin-connection with one person during the day. Even then, they weren’t supposed to talk to each other.
at Castiel’s side and tucks a finger under his chin. “Close your mouth, Cas.”
Castiel can feel heat crawl up the back of his neck and he takes a deep breath to will it away. He won’t give Dean the satisfaction of saying that he
Next he needs the contents of their shoebox of toys. Castiel opens the closet and hesitates. Things look
He takes a deep breath and lets it out through his gills slowly, as if he’s bracing himself for something.
Sam shakes his head and puts a hand against the door to keep it from being closed all the way. “And holding certain positions – like your arms up when you’re under the car or staying hunched over when working on an engine – can affect your muscles a lot. You can really mess yourself up for the future if you don’t take precautions now.”
He leans his hip against the stretch of wall that separates Sassafras’s door from her neighbour’s. “Were you the one riding her in the shows or are you one of those guys who owns the horse but other people do all the work and train ‘em?”
Castiel pulls his long beige overcoat on, shrugging and rolling his shoulders a few times to make sure it falls into place appropriately. There are full length mirrors mounted on both walls adjacent to the front door and he checks his reflection, using one mirror to look at himself in the other and ensure that nothing seems too
Sam tilts his head back against the couch and stares at the ceiling while he thinks. “I’m pretty sure we’ve got enough left that we can split a pizza. We could save on delivery if we walked to that one place a few streets over.”
The fang-fin loyalists have been surrounded and overpowered. They’ve been forced to sit together on rocks and sand. Many of them look confused and quite a few of them sport minor wounds of their own, but there are very few dead that Castiel can see. Even some of the bright-fin and the fang-fin rebels have wounds, but they all appear more or less okay. They may be hurt, but they all look
a week. Castiel can’t remember the last time he didn’t see her every other day. And it takes everything in his power to
“Man, I wonder if you’re secretly this affectionate normally.” Dean sighs and returns to scratching. “I’m going to be
The soft brush of fingers across the back of his neck is both tantalizing and ticklish. Castiel shivers at the feeling and tries his best not to squirm
The witch isn’t the least bit sorry when they find her hiding out in the cabin of a friend, an hour or so outside of town. Turns out, she went into hiding when she heard that FBI agents had come to town to investigate.
Once he’s done with his shower, Castiel delays his return to the bedroom by taking the time to brush his teeth and dry his hair. He does it slowly so he doesn’t have the risk of sudden orgasm when he removes the cockring. It’s not as easy as it sounds, but he’s considers it a victory when he takes it off without an accident occurring.
It’s his birthday; the one day of the year where Castiel allows himself to be selfish. If being selfish involves spooning Dean, then so be it. This can be a birthday gift to himself. He just won’t think about it.  He is, however, going to
That shiver crawls straight into Castiel’s gut and he curls the fingers of his freehand into the bunched up blanket next to him. It’s the only way he can keep himself from touching himself yet. “Can you –” Oh this is more difficult than he thought and his throat goes tight. “Would you please talk dirty to me? I would like to try phone sex.”
“You never planned on being a trainer, right?” Cas picks up his notebook where he’s been keeping everything about their journey so far, including a tracking sheet of the things Dean is hoping for in a companion Pokémon. “I think you mentioned once about being a firefighter, right? Maybe you should consider a Water-type?”
Strangely enough, that was a request that Castiel was expecting. He simply nods and places his clipboard on the abandoned desk chair. It feels a little weird to actually
“I know.” He steps up to Dean this time and leans in to whisper into his ear, even cupping his hands around his mouth to minimize eavesdroppers. This is something he apparently doesn’t want Cas to hear. “For the record, the yoga makes him
To everyone’s surprise, Dean is the first to break. “It’s nothing, Anna.” He sighs and his shoulder sags inwards slightly, as if he’s collapsing in on himself. “We just learned some shit about our dad that… It kinda sucks.”
“Me or the coffee?” Dean tucks his arms behind his head and grins. He doesn’t wait for an answer. “You probably wouldn’t be saying the same if you saw what kind of dick I am when you’re not around.”
when it’s needed. Dean has been the one to jump and rush off at the first call for assistance, and Castiel has to wait behind until someone brings him a baby to hold. Granted, they’re still all trying to find a rhythm now that the four – no,
Sam rolls his eyes, the nerve of him, and switches to a different pamphlet. “What about parasailing?”
Instead of being daily like they used to be, they’ve dropped to a few times a week. The both of them are really too busy to talk daily like they used to and it’s not like they have a whole lot to actually say anymore. It’s not exactly something that Castiel enjoys admitting to himself, but the fact that they
Dean is apparently much faster at answering messages when he’s not working.
Castiel hugs his bag to his chest. He’s scared to look. Is it Dean from the café or is it another Dean he doesn’t know? If it
Before he can even
to offer to pay for Claire to be flown out to him. Of course he didn’t ask Dean until after the fact if she could stay with them, but there was no way Dean was going to say ‘no’ to him, especially not where Claire was concerned.
that.”
Dean licks his lips and the corners of his mouth twitch, like he’s trying to resist smiling. He’s definitely happy in the kin-connection, but he’s trying his best to restrain.
Sam must give some kind of visual agreement, because Anna actually sounds
It’s only a matter of moments before Castiel starts moving. He was prepared for this long ago and an adjustment period really isn’t necessary. Even if he should probably still take one, he doesn’t. Castiel drops his chin to his chest and braces his hands on Dean’s stomach as he starts to rock his hips, moving nice and slow. While he would prefer hard and fast, he’s taken an affinity to beginning like this. It’s almost like foreplay and he likes how it prolongs things, increasing the intimacy.
Castiel listens attentively as he lists them on, and he memorizes the different parts of the gun as Dean points them out. Most especially, he makes note of the safety switch – something that Sam must have engaged before Dean took the gun from him. Following that, Dean walks him through a solid stance and how to hold the gun.
sweet – not that he'll ever admit that to Gabriel, or even say that it’s a bad thing, because it certainly isn’t. The cream puff just pales in comparison to the flaky crusts and gooey contents of the pies he’s been sampling.
Maybe – maybe if he explains himself and apologizes, then Dean won’t be so angry? But just in case, he’ll retreat while he does it. “I’m sorry, Dean.” Castiel gets off the bed as quickly as he can, not wanting to intrude in Dean’s bedroom anymore. “I thought I had been fairly obvious, but you kept referring to my past partners and I thought that if I said anything about my being a virgin then you wouldn’t want to continue our arrangement.”
Dean’s grin against the skin of his throat. And yet, the words that follow aren’t the ones that Castiel wants to hear. “I gotta –” Dean pauses to press a kiss to Castiel’s jaw before he does the inconceivable and
Castiel rolls his eyes. “Wouldn’t dream of it.”
? Castiel is a grown man! He lives on his own, buys his own groceries, washes his own clothes, and keeps his home clean and tidy. Just because he has anxiety and doesn’t travel anywhere doesn’t mean that she needs to digitally hover around his head like a helicopter mom. There have been
does, but – Castiel crosses his arms over his stomach and drags his feet up onto the couch. “I want to throw up every time I touch the glands.” He glances at Dean, willing him to understand from that alone.
Dean’s skin tingles. Something is coming at him and it’s moving in fast. He doesn’t need his echoes or his eyesight to know that it’s another bright-fin. The one in front of him with a reddish glow pattern is bleeding badly from a set of deep scratches across his ribs. It wouldn’t surprise Dean in the slightest if he’s been calling for help this whole time, given how rare it is to catch one on their own ever since they changed their strategy.
“I’m not
As tempting as that sounds, he’s not
Cas bobs his head and turns around, muttering something that sounds like
pleased – when the majority of the colony agrees that Sam would be the best choice for the Council.
for a fraternity. He’s still hazy on the terms, but he got the gist of it. She went around mostly naked in the half hour video so that the men in the house could come up behind her at any time to bed her over for whatever the wanted. The woman also did a lot of something called
might be something that Dean takes issue with. It will have to be two for now, though having to choose might just kill him.
rather tired, to be fair.
this stuff. I thought I –” He shuffles on his feet and guiltily looks away. “I know it’s not the same as telling everyone, but I figured it would at least get me through the door.”
“At least until the end of the season. And then I get to pick the next Junior who’ll take on the mantle. The Dick Grayson to my Bruce Wayne.” Dean puts a hand over his heart and sighs. “I’m
Apparently Castiel is missing something here. He frowns and looks between everyone. “What’s so funny about it?”
“Oh no, not even remotely!” Sam laughs and shakes his head. “She wants to live with
fucking nice. It made him feel tingly all over, but not in the numbing-ouch way like when he got too close to those damn shock-eels once upon a time. This was good – almost
Balthazar’s enthusiasm increases slightly as he beats his tail and swims forward sharply. He slips into the gathered crowd easily, weaving between the fin-kin as they all spread out in a loosely clustered sphere.
“The Enterprise? As in the
Ion’s thoughts are cocky, but they don’t last long.
“No!” This is ridiculous. He should have expected it, but Castiel still isn’t happy about it. “I’m not interested in dating anyone right now.” Especially because he’s completely focused on Dean and has no care for anyone else at the moment.
A response is sitting at the tip of Castiel’s fingers, but the sound of the classroom door opening catches his attention. There’s a sudden flurry of activity as all the waiting students start putting their notes away into their binders or bags. Castiel turns off his phone and tucks it into a pocket of his jeans. It’s too hot of a June day for his coat, but he doesn’t need it. He can easily keep his wallet and his phone in his pants and all he needs for school is his pencil case.
“Dean.” He holds his free hand out for a shake, because manners are an important thing.
A few moments later, the door below bangs open. Castiel raises his gun automatically and shoves the walkie talkie into his pocket. He’s going to need his other hand to help steady his dominant hand to shoot at – Immediately, he swings the gun off to the side and takes his finger off the trigger. Dean and Sam are the first ones out the door, and they’re not alone. A number of very angry looking men and women are hot on their heels.
Dean sighs and slumps further down in his chair. He turns his attention back to the betta and already he’s starting to feel calmer.
Castiel shrugs. He’s not familiar with injuries and their severity. He knows he’s aching all over and he definitely hurt his knees, his elbows, and his hand. There may be other things that he just can’t pinpoint at the moment. What does a broken ankle feel like? What does a sprain feel like? He doesn’t know how to tell them apart and he won’t know how badly he’s hurt until someone else can look him over.
But Dean shatters the quiet again with a soft question. “Did we ever tell you that Pam is also an unregistered mutant? A class five to boot.”
hard not to pout. “I thought you said that we’d be having dinner in your room?”
Castiel hums and lifts his head. He knows the curtain is drawn back because it’s lighter on the other side of his eyelids than it should be. Part of him doesn’t want to open his eyes, but he does anyway; slitting them open. “If it’s a kiss and not a cup of coffee, I’m going to be
nervous.
Lucario dips his head as they step out of the hug.
Jack simply nods and goes back to adding pricing labels to a stack of individually packed lip-glosses. Claire, on the other hand, is grinning like the Cheshire cat. She waves him off and Castiel doesn’t even care that she probably knows what he’s about to do.
sexist gimmick. Frankly, you deserve this.” Her eyes light up as the first person to reach the door is a fairly built man in his early twenties wearing a tankini. “But
By the time he’s done, Castiel is a trembling mess with sweat sticking his hair to his forehead. Dean grins up at him before pressing kisses down the center of his stomach. He dips his tongue briefly into his belly button, if only because it makes Castiel laugh, and nibbles gently at the skin beneath it. He hasn’t touched anything below his waist since he started and there’s a
Dean is feeling to have Cas around again. If he wasn’t making sure to keep control of himself, he’d be fidgeting or swimming circles around Cas. Or, better yet, he’d start up another chase like they had earlier. Only this time he won’t be stupid enough to let instinct take over to the point where he’d actually
On the way out after them, he grabs his coat and pulls it on over his wings. In light of the time crunch, he’ll have to forgo the binder and altered t-shirt. Normally that would make him uncomfortable, but it’s not like they’re going shopping or something. Castiel will be sitting in the back of the car and trying not to be sick over Dean and Sam picking through warehouses looking for a dangerous fugitive. His wings are the last thing for him to worry about right now.
. He can handle this and –
He shouldn’t be letting Dean kiss him – and he’s been doing his best to
Okay, alright. That’s understandable. Shocking beyond all reason, but she makes a perfectly valid point. Except that just raises one great big huge question. It begins with a ‘
Dean follows after him. “You sure?”
. Do you have any idea how
There’s a heavy beat of silence before Dean all but
“Don’t you
If Dean really did love him, Castiel could die happy. He can’t think of anything he wants more than that and it makes his chest ache to think about it. No, no,
. He’s been thinking about it all shift and he’s decided that they need one more additional toy to really play up on what he has planned for tonight.
coming from inside it. Dean takes a step toward it and freezes when one yellow-purple striped spindly leg comes into view over the back of the box. It’s followed by another, and then the fanged red face of an
about the fang-fin – just like he always wanted. But now he wants
curiosity, to be fair. Before Cas, Dean only ever flirted with dudes. He never went anywhere with them or brought them home. Sam knew he was interested, but he also knew he never acted on it. Not until Cas. But it’s always been
It would have been impossible to miss that, but that doesn’t change anything. “It must have escaped my attention while I was being worried over how I left you Friday night.” He puts the last sandwich together and plates it too.
how important Cas being around is to him.
It took him a week of slowly combing through the downloaded videos on Dean’s laptop, but Castiel did manage to find one that gave him the good kind of tingle through his bones. It’s the only one of its kinds on the laptop, so he hopes that it’s not a one off accidental download. Hopefully it’s something that Dean also likes too, to an extent.
.” He drops his face into his hands and swallows air like a dying man.
“Do you understand now, Dean?” Cas’s voice reverberates around him. It’s everywhere and nowhere and Dean feels like they’re no longer standing at the base of the stairs. “We both have grown exponentially since we met because we’ve already achieved what you want to ask of me.”
He pauses and tilts his head.
Castiel is fairly certain that it’s his mind playing tricks on him now. There’s no reason for Dean’s eyes to narrow fractionally. Even if he
“I just hope that I don’t have to show it to anyone.”
a lesser man (which he thankfully isn’t), Castiel might have woken up under the blankets, without his clothes, and with Dean next to him? Does that mean that Dean didn’t mind that Castiel was flirting with him? Does it mean that Dean might be
That’s was the first time his good dreams changed, and they never go back to being like that again. Every night, Cas shows up in his dreams just like that; just like he was never gone. No matter whether the dreams are when they’re happy homemakers together or not. Always he has the same message, and he always leaves before Dean can get enough of a grip on himself to say what he wants to say to every iteration of Cas that he meets in his dreams.
With a huff, Castiel shifts his weight up and off of Dean until he’s kneeling again. It has the added bonus of putting some distance between the half-hard erection starting to tent Dean’s pajama pants. Castiel reaches back to grab Dean’s wrist and pulls his hand away. He finds the other hand on the back of his neck and removes that too.
That might be putting it lightly. Gabriel throws his keys down on the island and they skid right across it. Only Castiel’s quick reflexes stop them from sailing off the edge and to the floor. He puts them in the dish at the corner of the island reserved for their keys. “What happened today?”
Castiel shifts on his feet, looking between the two of them again. He recalls exactly what made Dean approach him yesterday and frowns. “And this has nothing to do with how you think I’m
.” He squeezes Dean’s hands, tilting his head to catch his eye. “I just you to know that it’s something I’m thinking about – specifically with you.”
will – bound or not.
Aside from the many fish that make their way through the trench at night, nothing else is moving as Castiel slips from his shelf and heads off in the direction of the fang-fin. The kin-connection between him and Dean grows stronger the closer he gets. It becomes even more evident that Dean is wide awake and waiting for him. Delight spirals through their link when he realizes that Castiel is on his way.
their dad when they were trying to follow his last hunt.
today. He is officially done with high school for the rest of his life and he will never have to go back there again. That’s a good thing. It’s a bit of a shame that he’s in bed at his usual bedtime instead of partying like the rest of the students in his year probably are. But it’s even more of a shame that he’s lying awake in bed worrying about a misplaced feeling of jealously and a friend he’s never actually spent time with outside of five minute conversations during lunch hour over a counter at a café.
His estranged parents were one such pair of people. Since they did give birth to him, raise him, and gave him a fairly good life up until a point, Castiel did see fit to arrange to pay off their debts and mortgage and give them a monthly allowance. They’re going to be taxed to Hell and back for it, but that’s their problem.
wouldn’t get it.
“I see.” She puts her bags on the counter and turns to him with her hands on her hips. “I didn't want to stress you out prepping for tonight, so I didn't call you yesterday, but I'm telling you now." Her eyes narrow dangerously. "I’m
“Oh.” Castiel looks away to think about it. They haven’t reached that stage yet, but it’s a possibility and he’s briefly terrified by it. Can he really do this? Possibly. He’ll have to wait and see. But there is still one question rolling through his mind. “Do
Oh no.
He shrugs and resists the urge to glance towards Balthazar.
said, then he wants to know about it. And it’s not like he really has anything better to be doing at the moment anyways. At least there is some amusement – and not a small bit of satisfaction – to be gotten out of seeing the rage build in Dean with every new fact that he’s told by fin-kin that he actually trusts.
. How could he have been that stupid?
It takes him too long to realize just how much his body is reacting. By then, it’s too late. No amount of parental figures in bathing suits or disapproving members of the clergy can save him now. This is the
Maybe she should ask him out to lunch sometime this week? If she plans it well, asks the right questions, plays her cards right, then maybe she’ll use that lunch to tell Dean about her feelings. At the very least, she wants to set things straight between them. It’s still entirely possible that she’s the only one putting more emphasis on their interactions.
He shakes his head and sighs loudly. “We broke up.”
is swallowing everything inside of him. It’s going to leave him a hollow shell and all Dean can do is squeeze his eyes shut to try to keep the tears at bay. But he’s already failed at that too. They’re streaking down his cheeks, cutting through the dirt that came with having to crawl out of the Impala after the cloud of demons flipped it.
It’s a little bit satisfying to see how Dean’s eyes go wide. He shakes his head slightly, but doesn’t offer any manner of an answer as to what’s bothering him. Try as he might to hide it, Castiel
“It’s – It’s fine.”If Castiel was a stronger person, he would have told Dean that they were done for the evening and they could go their separate ways for the rest of the night. “Do what you want.” Too bad he’s utterly, horrendously, and
Castiel hums and takes another sip of sweet godly caffeine. “I’ve read that cracking an egg into your hair is supposed to be good for it.”
By the time he bottoms out, his hips pressed against Dean’s ass, Castiel can’t even remain upright. He’s folded over and gasping for breath against Dean’s chest. Dear God, what does he have to do to preserve this moment for eternity? Castiel never wants to leave it. He feels connected to Dean so very differently from any other time they’ve had sex. To let someone into your body like this involves a level of trust and acceptance that Castiel has barely been able to quantify when he’s the one doing it. But this – this makes his heart feel ten times too large for his rib cage.
Teen & Up (for swearing), Alternate Universe - modern, pre-relationship, getting together, confessions, first kiss
to tell me who it was.”
Jess shrugs and shakes her head.
The question is moot at this point. Dean is already in the process of pulling the shower curtain closed. It’s as if he’s well aware that Castiel would never turn him away from this. Instead, Castiel just smiles and draws him closer. In hindsight, he should have waited for the room to warm up to match the heat of the water before he did that. During their shared showers, Dean has the tendency to push him up against the wall – and its
It feels like one of the last things that Dean wants to do right now, but he sighs and swims to a stop again.
difficult to keep his glare in place. And it only gets harder when Dean rolls onto his side to look up at him. His attempt to look innocent is so pathetic that Castiel almost wants to take pity on him for being caught. But trying to steal his phone – and for pictures that aren’t even on it, no less – Dean must be taught a lesson. For now, that lesson is for him to think that Castiel is annoyed with him.
Dean huffs and drops a hand on his knee. “We wouldn’t do that to you, Cas.” He gives a brief squeeze before moving his hand to the gear shift and putting them into drive. “We’re you’re buddies, right? Friends are there for each other.”
Dean sighs and the shakes the paper out. “The girl does have damned good tastes.” After a moment of silence, he sighs again. “Yeah, yeah, okay. Fine. I’ll make the damn stuff. Just sit your ass down, study a while, and kick that exam’s butt.”
Sam had retired to bed at some point during the second movie, claiming that he was fairly tired. The
Just like that, Dean’s mood flips like a switch. He rests his elbows on the table again and props his chin in his hands. “Well, Cas. I’ve showed you mine.” He winks. “Time for you to show me yours.”
Unsurprisingly, this pattern carries out through the rest of the day. Castiel can’t bring himself to say anything to Dean directly. It’s not as hard to get out a few words to Sam, but they feel like sandpaper on his tongue whenever he asks for Sam to pass him something or to answer any questions he might have. This is rather surprising, actually. Sam rarely studies outside of his bedroom, but today he’s set up next to Castiel and they’re sharing the table.
Dean swims up to him as he’s picking a kelp bag out from the store piles the colony has.
“I’ll try not to.” Castiel turns his head and they have a proper kiss goodbye before Dean is out the door.
wants to do it again. Not unless it means that he can maybe peep on Dean in the future and then join him before things get too far along. Oh, that
And by that, he must mean the arms that wrap about Castiel’s waist. “Water’s ready for you, sweetheart.” Dean all but lifts him off to his feet to turn him around. “Go get washed up before Sam starts bitching about your body stank.”
She cocks her head to the side and narrows her eyes slightly. “Does that meant that you want something to happen, or that things have already happened that you can’t tell me about?”
in them will be chosen. Mother has seen plenty of his pictures over the years, but they’ve always been landscapes or abstracts. She’s never seen a picture of
“Did that bear hit on you, Cassie?” Gabriel’s voice is pitched with concern as he steps up next to him, a frown pulling his expression down.
“Be careful of what?” Dean slips his hands between them, fingers searching out the knotted belt holding Cas’s tunic closed around his waist.
The tip of Charlie’s tail catches him in his side-fin while the kin-connection nearly overflows with her anger and concern.
- anal fingering
He gives Dean’s shoulders a squeeze and leans down to hug him. “Are you asking us to join you in your fantasy world, Dean?”
be doing.
better. A whine keens behind his teeth and he rocks his hips back particularly hard, pushing into the grip Dean has in the hopes that he’ll do more – touch; kiss; taste;
often that he gets to see Dean so vulnerable and satisfied, and he wants to enjoy it while he can.
. “And
Sam pauses in the process of putting away a truly massive bag of chocolate chips. “You can’t do that. Why don’t I take the couch while you’re here? Then at least one of you can have a proper bed.”
As soon as they’re in the apartment, Castiel goes straight to the kitchen table so he can boot up his laptop and get started on transcribing. Anything to get the images of that video out of his head. It’s not the time for him to sit and analyze his feelings. He can do that when he’s home again. Alone. Without the Winchesters around to poke and prod and ask why he’s acting the way that he is.
Too bad that Cas doesn’t know.
The sound of the hold music starts playing and Dean takes the moment to speak. “You have – You have an
did he start liking having people around? For the life of him, he can’t pinpoint when he started to prefer the noise and the laughter.
Sam starts shaking his head right away, like he’s actually going to try and disagree with that point, and he swims forward to stop Dean’s restless swimming.
But Castiel steps back again, shaking his head. “I get it. Of course, you – you're – you
When Dean turns the vibrator down a few moments later, he also takes the pillow out from under his head. Castiel doesn’t bother questioning it, instead taking a chance to calm down. After experiencing both Medium and High settings, Low feels like barely anything at all. Though nothing compares to having Dean move in him, of course.
you mean my ‘
with the wide, gummy smile that spreads after that. It’s fucking
ready for it. After his mild panic of having Dean’s birthday announced the morning of, Castiel had insisted on knowing Sam’s birthday so he could put it in his calendar and be ready for it.
Just from a cursory glance at the list, Castiel can already tell that he has some of this classes under his belt. The rest though, he should take right away – or rather; as many of them as he can fit into his schedule for the fall.
The hold Dean has on him is tight, but it’s not enough to hide how he’s trembling slightly. Castiel wishes that there was more he could do to help him besides sharing a bed. Although he doubts that it’s going to end there. Knowing Dean, he’s probably going to want to hold hands throughout the night or something similar. That could be awkward since Castiel sleeps on his stomach and tends to tuck his arms under his pillow or chest. But – Oh!
? He’ll have to spend today, his day off, thinking about what sort of things he could do. Dean is at work and Sam works the evening shift, so he won’t be leaving for a while yet. That leaves Castiel
His interest is slightly peaked when one of the men gets bent over the pool table. According to the poor dialogue, the one on the pool table is now going to be ‘
Humming, Dean draws away again. “How about one more day, Cas? I work in a few hours and you’re going to be gone until this evening. I can get you all riled up now, do it again later, and maybe even while I’m at work too.” He lets go of Castiel’s hands. “How’s that sound?”
With a laugh, Dean lifts his hand from her shoulder. He steps away and turns it into a save. “I’ll see you bright and early tomorrow morning!”
There are red flags flapping in the wind and Dean sits up a little. “Y’know, you’re asking some really pointed questions there, buddy.” He glances at Becky again and the clipboards on the back of the wall. There are a few missing for the work orders that are currently in the garage. “Which car is yours? I’ll check to see if it’s ready.”
is a tried and true method that has never failed him before.
He can’t remember the last time he
patient with everything in his life. His friendship with Dean will survive this and Castiel will wait until Dean is prepared to talk – if ever.
“What was
The end of the battle comes quicker than he thought it would. Alistair must not be happy with what’s happening if he’s already calling a retreat. Castiel watches with the rest of his garrison as the other fang-fin withdraw. Of course it’s only as they’re leaving that he actually sees Dean properly in his echoes. He’s one of the last fang-fin to turn away – swimming back and forth just beyond the territory markers while he makes sure that everyone is leaving.
Dean’s throat clicks as he swallows and slowly lowers his hands. “Distracting ain’t even the half of it, Cas. You’ve wiped my brain clean. I don’t even know what we’re watching anymore.”
But wouldn’t it be more prudent for them to actually
Thankfully, though still a little disappointing, Dean is not at the café when Castiel arrives. From the looks of it, he might be gone for the day. It’s that or he’s in the back and out of sight. Castiel doesn’t know his shift times, other than that he only works there on weekdays. Honestly, that’s for the best. The less that Castiel knows about him, the better.
“You’re going to be the
on the tight side. Castiel accepts full blame for that, but he won’t admit that it’s because Dean’s ass looks
to discuss necromancy in public. “I can make dinner and I believe there are a few beers in the fridge.”
react well to that and it had only solidified their decision to just put things on hold until a time came when Cas wouldn’t have to worry about being kicked out during his final year of high school.
Teen & Up, Alternate Universe - D&D, pre-relationship, strangers to... still strangers, Wizard!Dean, Barbarian/Berserker!Sam, Druid!Cas, maaaaaaaaaaaaagic
hard. He pulls out every trick that he knows will make Dean’s toes curl and that seems to work. His head tilts back with a groan and closes his eyes. That means that he’s focusing on the feeling and he’s having a
.” Dean shakes his head and slumps down in his seat. “That’s a level of relationship I don’t think I’m ready for.”
want to be responsible for replacing it if they damage anything.
“You’re doing great, buddy.”
There it is.
If that’s the way he’s going to be, Castiel wraps his arms around Dean’s waist and lifts him effortlessly. He tosses him onto the single queen-sized bed taking up most of the room. This particular motel doesn’t have a kitchenette, which is more than fine considering the use they’re going to get out of it. Dean makes a high-pitched sound of surprise as he bounces on the mattress, and his eyes are wide in the flickering non-candlelight as Castiel slides a knee onto the bed.
His shower is short, quick, and completely unenjoyable. Partially because he would rather be with his friends tonight, and partially because he doesn’t like showering in public places. It’s just too nerve wracking when he’s trying to hide his tattoos from prying eyes. Luckily, the showers here have stalls with doors that lock and a space to change. He would have bypassed the shower completely if it was just behind a curtain that could be moved by a good breeze.
the fight too. They’re not going to like this – unless Dean is happy to have an excuse to end the fight.
. Dean essentially promised that they were going to have
“It’s my birthday.” He shrugs and slips an arm over Castiel’s waist as he wiggles closer. “I think I’m allowed to call you whatever I want.”
“I don’t even
to break his brain.
That does it. With a choked cry of Dean’s name, he comes hard across his own stomach and chest; trembling through his orgasm. Dean keeps the vibrator where it is until Castiel squirms uncomfortably, and then he turns it off and withdraws it slowly. He puts it aside and stretches out next to him again, fingers lazily swirling through the mess they made.
Dean’s eyes light up in delight and he looks back up at Castiel. He makes a show of licking his lips before leaning in to take a slow nibble from the side of the doughnut. His eyes flutter closed again, though Castiel isn’t sure if it’s because of the taste of the doughnut or because the vibrating egg was cranked up to the first purring level.
Cas has to work Dean’s cock without the use of his hands. Those are needed to hold Dean’s hips still because his body really does have a mind of its own. His hips keep squirming and if it wasn’t for Cas’s iron grip, he’d probably be trying to rock up into the warm, wet heat of his mouth. It’s not his fault though. Cas’s mouth is just so inviting. He’s building Dean up to one hell of an orgasm, and it’s fifty percent skill and fifty percent beginner’s luck.
Maybe – maybe Castiel is only crushing on Dean like this because he’s the first person since then to be kind to him? These can’t be
“We were talking –” The guy gestures behind him at the other ten members of his party, all gathered together. “– and we were hoping that you might take us up to see the falls
Regardless, Castiel sighs and shakes his head. He smiles down at her. “Thank you. I will do my utmost to stay out of trouble.”
But Dean –!
He is far too worried to do any actual studying now. Castiel shouldn’t
“But now you’ve flipped your old man the bird and you’re sticking with the Winchesters, huh?” Meg glances at him again, and this time her eyes are calculating. “Basically picked Dean over your parents.”
His determination warms Castiel’s heart and makes his ribs feel like they’re struggling to hold that feeling in.
telepath. There’s a pistachio tint to Cas’s cheeks as he moves his fingers, and he turns away sharply a moment later, facing the satellite.
He snorts and rolls his eyes. “I sure am, Tony.” Dean hooks a foot under the ottoman and drags it over in front of Cas for him to sit on. “Now here, drink this.”
Interesting. They may not be taking on the roles of their characters, but he files away
that Dean would fit the Golden Ratio mask perfectly.
“Hey, they’re my tables too.” He sticks his tongue out before scooting his chair closer. “Now ask me what happened today. And gimme my lunch.” He makes grabby hands at the large cooler that Castiel produces from under his desk. After a pause, he turns a devastating smile on him. “
He needs a distraction and the only thing he really has is struggling against the metal rope. But it’s really starting to hurt and it’s not likely that he’s going to be able to keep that up for much longer. Actually, Dean is just about ready to give up on that. How long has it been since the others left? Will they be back soon? They better be. He’s not sure how much longer he can stand the silence. It’s never been really confirmed how long it takes for the isolation-madness to set in. Wouldn’t that just be
That’s a feeling Castiel understands well. It’s almost exactly how he felt during his first rotation alone in the cave. He wasn’t as bothered by it when Dean was there. Even when Dean wasn’t talking to him, he was still a very good distraction from quite a few things.
Though there’s not
Once everything is put away, it turns out that Dean has far more fillings for the quesadillas than what Castiel is used to. Whenever Anna picks one up for him and brings it over with her own meal, he usually only gets chicken, cheese, peppers, and tomatoes. Dean might as well be making omelettes again for the number of vegetables and proteins he has lined up on the counter next to the stove.
Castiel brushes his thoughts along Balthazar’s, trying to calm the slowly growing ire.
Dean’s bed in the first place.
Which brings them to here. Anna takes Castiel’s hand again once they’re all grouped on the sidewalk together. It’s not quite full dark yet, but there are still a number of people around. Most appear to be making their way towards the general area of the fireworks show. There are less people than Castiel expected, though the majority are likely already there since the show will be starting shortly.
. It’s a bubbly little noise as he kicks and flails slightly. An actual
so as not to spoil their first Valentine’s Day together.
Thankfully, Dean gives him some time to adjust. It feels like Dean doesn’t do anything else like that for ages. But even though he’s doing very little, Castiel still finds it a million time mores arousing than the porno they’re watching. The little sounds Dean makes are each a spark burning in Castiel’s veins. The people in the video only make him uncomfortable, but
“What are we talking about?” Dean appears at his shoulder with a grin. “I like bush. What kind of bush are we talking about? A common shrub or something fancy like hydrangea or dogwood?”
The moment is broken when Dean starts shuffling on the other end of the line. “What’s up, Cas?”
“And I’m telling you
He looks so lost and hopeless as he lifts his eyes to Castiel. “Help me.”
The first several bites of their meals are taken in relative silence until a decent conversation can be struck up. Eventually, it turns to what they should do after eating. Dean had thrown around the idea of attending a movie earlier and they take out one of their phones to browse theater locations and showtimes. Castiel really does
He pauses in the middle of his room and Castiel can feel his pulse pick up when Dean looks at him. A small smile curls the corners of his mouth and Dean pads over to him. His hand goes to the light switch, but he still leans in for a short, but oh so very sweet kiss. Castiel has to resist the temptation to reach out and hook his fingers in the waistband of Dean’s pants – since he is very much not wearing a shirt right now. It’s an absolute
Anna glances up at Sam as he comes up the stairs with the bags. “Have I mentioned how good the blue looks?” She reaches up to fluff with the pieces curling under Sam’s ears. “I like it.”
– that I would
“Just – just a moment.” Castiel goes back to the table that he’s taken over as his desk. He saves his files before closing the laptop and vows to actually finish that recording later tonight. “Okay, now I’m ready.”
.” Castiel shuffles even closer until he’s right up against Dean's back and can hug him tightly. “I don’t - I’m
On his first break, he’s surprised to find the house quiet. Sam isn’t in his bedroom at first glance, but he
No. Absolutely not. He will never lie about
?” She crosses her arms and that stormy expression of Cas’s fills her face. If Dean doesn’t play his cards right here, he could be in line for a smiting really soon.
“W-what?” The question has Dean’s head popping back up, his eyes wide.
“God, you’re such a nerd.” Dean snorts through a laugh.
Abort! Abort!
He sighs and rubs his hand over his face to try and shake off those thoughts. Right now his thoughts should be on studying for his upcoming exams. They should
. He pushes him up against the door and carries that out none too gently. It’s open mouthed, rough, and just a little bit desperate. He want to know if he can taste a difference in their kisses to tell whether or not Dean’s feelings have changed.
Several minutes pass before Toby’s head pops up. He gives a little
Shifter-Him shrugs as he stands up. “You’re lucky that we’re trying not to draw attention to ourselves with leaving bodies behind. Someone will find you in here eventually.” He pats Dean on the cheek and grins. “I just need to borrow your pretty face to make my escape.”
– that Dean will accept his offer.
Castiel crosses his arms. “I seem to recall saying that I was
me for more.”
Dean fakes a wince and pulls away laughing. “Fine, fine! Nothing more expensive than a meal at McDonalds.” His laughter stops short when an idea occurs to him. “But how about I buy you a business?” He holds up his hands when Cas goes to berate him again. “No, no, hear me out. You finish that degree of yours. Get your masters in business administration like you wanted. And then, when you’re all shiny and certified… We create a charity together. I’ve got the funding to get it off the ground, and you’ll have all the business-y know-how to
Castiel falls to the bed as carefully as he can, especially when Dean practically drops on him right after. The last thing they need is for his bed to break while Sam is away. How would they ever explain that to him and Jess when they come back? And that train of thought is thoroughly derailed as Dean settles between his legs and on top of him. He’s barely in place before his hips are rocking hard against Castiel’s. He hooks his legs around Dean for the leverage he’ll need to return the grind, but he is far more interested in the wet and insistent kiss Dean is pressing to his lips.
By the second word, Castiel is already out of the tub and the water is off. He’s moving on autopilot in a moment that almost feels out of body, not even aware of the fact that he hit the tap to stop the water. There’s little care spared for the water he gets all over the bathroom as he wraps a towel around his waist. He shakes his head to get the water out of his eyes, shoving a hand through it quickly while reaching for the door. One sharp twist of the doorknob has the lock popping out and he pulls it open sharply. There is no substitute for the real Dean and the offer has been made. Castiel knows where they stand in this particular moment and nothing could have him denying Dean now.
Is rimming considered a kink? It sounds disgusting, but it doesn’t look nearly as bad. In fact, it’s sending a pleasing chill through him – especially when he thinks of doing it to Dean or having Dean do it to him. Interesting. He will have to keep this filed away for the time when – or rather
Castiel hums in thought, considering it for a moment. “I’ll allow it.”
about public school, and he started singing the praises of a high school near his work. Not only did the school have some of the best students in the state, but it also happens to be in the same city as a fairly decent university -
How is it possible for Castiel’s heart to both soar and feel like it’s collapsing under the weight of his ribs? He stays hunched over, frozen in his seat when he feels the eyes of the rest of his classmates turn towards him. Castiel hates having everyone’s attention on him. He doesn’t even like it when he’s at Taekwondo and needs to do any kind of demonstration. Is this some kind of nightmare? Did he fall asleep in the café and he’s just having some kind of waking dream at the moment? That would explain so many things if it was.
Interesting. But Castiel still needs more data before he can give a more concrete answer. He moves some of his language materials out of the way as he makes himself comfortable on the bed, thinking about which question to ask next.
Once he’s sure that he’s going to be fine right now, Castiel turns onto his side again. He starts counting his breaths, slowing them to match the pace of the numbers. Maybe he’ll be able to put himself to sleep this way. And, if he counts loud enough in his head, then he won’t have to think about how ridiculously jealous and childish he’s being. It made him treat Dean poorly today and Castiel will not abide by that. No one, not even him, should treat anyone – let alone
Slowly, Dean curls his arms around him. “I didn’t say that you were. But, just promise that you won’t be a paparazzi, okay?”
to stay here? No, that’s not even an option. Dean could never leave Sam like that.
From where Castiel is sitting, there’s nothing weird about wanting to see your partner in something soft and pretty. In fact, he’s having a hard time
Dean groans and rubs his thumb over Castiel’s bottom lip. “God, I wanna suck you off
He needs to make this good or she won’t listen to him. She’s always been one of the most hard headed of his siblings and Castiel is certain that if he doesn’t give her something amazing, she’s going to pin him down and wrestle the information out of him. Castiel wracks his brain for a few moments, trying to think of something
Purely for experimentation, Castiel takes up the rope and gives it a hard tug. Unsurprisingly, it doesn’t budge. This is obviously not a bright-fin design. He has never seen or heard of anything like this having been done in the colony and he’s fairly sure that everyone would know of this means to hold someone in place. When they imprison anyone, they usually just roll a big boulder in front of the entrance to a cavern. It takes at least three fin-kin to move the kind of boulders that they use, so this tactic is clearly not of bright-fin origin.
With one last pat down to make sure he has everything, Castiel heads out.
Sam leans over, voice dropped into a loud whisper. “Ignore him. He hasn’t realized yet that he’s also the
“This is
His thoughts are being shared again, but his emotions are hidden. It’s making Castiel uncomfortable. What do they have to hide from him about this?
Confused, Castiel shares a glance with Dean before toeing off his shoes and going to look. A whole slab cake is taking up the entire bottom shelf. It’s decorated with white icing and blue roses, and, in bright red lettering, it has
into them like Castiel wants. The kisses do the trick, however. After the first few, Dean melts against his side with a soft sigh. He’s still focused on the movie, and there’s still a smile on his lips, but this time it’s in his eyes too. Castiel counts this as a victory at staving off the sub drop and he mentally high fives himself for it.
Dean’s eyes are open and Castiel is floored by it. The blush filling his face grows deeper and his mouth opens slightly. The green in his eyes is nothing but a thin corona around the blown black of his pupil. Despite the lidded gaze, he looks – shocked? He looks like he’s seeing Castiel for the first time. A small, soft little noise – almost a gasp and not quite a whine – slips past Dean’s lips.
? How can he help if he’s not told what’s wrong?
Hopefully there isn’t anything suspicious about that. After all, Castiel
with it already?”
Castiel puts a finger to his lips when Dean hesitates, surprised to find him still there. Neither says a word as they start down the hall together, both their classrooms in the same wing though Dean’s is on the main floor and Castiel’s is on the third. As soon as they’re out of earshot of the teacher’s lounge, Dean doubles over snickering – still trying to keep at least a little bit quiet. They get a couple odd looks from what few students have arrived this early.
in the middle of February.
look that Castiel is giving him, Gabriel chooses to lean over and look at his phone when they come to a stop at a red light. “Are you ignoring me so you can text with that boy toy crush of yours?”
“Uh – a junior at
“Fine.” Castiel picks up the next box of ornaments he plans to use. “If you don’t help to decorate the tree, then you’re going to be relegated to cooking dinner.”
long time – if ever. And it gets him a whole tidal wave of surprise in answer. Thankfully, nothing else happens. No one takes the opportunity to attack his mind and take advantage of his vulnerability.
“I’m not using it.”
Her smile is not nearly as confident as it should be, but she squeezes his arm once before drifting back from him.
. And it’s not even a breed Dean is familiar with. What type of dog looks like a cloud? The best he can think of is a Chow Chow, but the face is all wrong for it. All he knows is he took one look at those blue eyes when the dog looked up at him and he
There’s a frown creasing Balthazar’s forehead as he crosses his arms.
Ah, Jess, best damn housekeeper this side of the Arkansas River. Sam’s been courting her basically since the moment he and Dean were hired. The two of them (and a handful of others) keep the ranch functioning and the cows happy, which keeps the Adler’s happy, and Jess keeps the house in order, which also keeps the Adler’s happy, and that’s the important thing. A happy employer is a good employer and thus far Zachariah Adler has been one of the better paying ones that Dean and Sam have had in a long while – despite how Dean privately thinks he’s a giant douche nozzle.
