As it appeared there were no more challengers left, Castiel calmly strode over to where he had dropped his tunic and proceeded to wipe off his face with it. As he used the garment to do the same to his arms and chest, he began walking toward Dean. When he was satisfied, he tossed the damp material, locked eyes with his omega and began untying his trousers, never stopping his stride. He watched as the green eyes widened and saw the young man struggle to stand.
"Oh, fuck! Sorry, guys. O.K., you split the money, just hold on to mine for me. Can one of you guys get him home? I...I don't know what's gonna happen tonight other than the fact that my omega wants to get to know me, and that's the best feeling in this fucked-up world that I never thought I'd find."
“Better?” The omega’s stomach growled, loudly, and then he was faced with a grinning mate.
He groaned as he listened to Cas whimper at the alpha growl in his voice. He stretched his neck side to side to try to release the tension that sound put in his muscles. Dean wanted to hear that whimper while he was stretched out naked beneath him.
“Well it’s ‘cuz of Mom, I suppose. She has never stopped calling the little ones ‘pups.’ Hell...heck! She still calls me ‘n Sammy her puppies. Mom didn't change when she became a cupid. She still keeps a lot of her human ways.”
“Omega, come on. Let's get in the room, away from the door.” He pulled Cas further into the room as he looked around.
He wanted to get away from the scent of Too Many Aroused Alphas, so Castiel took them farther away and placed Dean down under the shade of a group of young trees.
"Thanks, Mom." He gave her a hug before grabbing three mugs from the cabinet.
(See the end of the chapter for
Silence. He peered from behind his feathered shield and saw Alistair on the ground with Dean's blade sticking out of his neck.
Dean nodded. “Yes, Sir, I—” He paused for a moment and sniffed, then whipped his head around and focused on a group of alphas.
"Hmm...a bit. I think I'll be able to eat, if Bobby ever gets the burgers on the grill!" Cas was yelling by the end of it, smirking as Bobby turned to salute him and jog over to check the grill.
(See the end of the chapter for
Taking one finger he eased it between Cas’ ass cheeks, his progress made smooth by the leaking slick. Remembering the taste of that slick caused his cock to begin filling faster than the moan did. He shifted a bit, pushing his cock against Cas’ hip to get a touch of friction, but not enough to wake his mate, not yet.
“Well, if you’re busy then my alpha and I will just be on our way.”
Cas was almost asleep when Charlie burst into the room carrying her laptop. She practically crashed into him and grabbed the phone from his hand.
“She’s the most beautiful thing in all of Heaven, and she’s
“Fuck me, Alpha. Fuck me, knot me and bite me! Please!” He heard Dean swallow hard when he began stroking his own cock. Those beautiful green eyes were locked on to his movements.
Cas poured another glass of champagne for himself. He was horny, hard, wet, and he wanted to be under his alpha, now! Just as he stood to go get Dean, he saw him come out from backstage. Damn. He looked so hot. The alpha had on light-blue jeans with a snug, turquoise henley. Fuck, Cas wanted to climb him like a set of monkey bars.
“Castiel, we need to go.”
Hearing Cas moan, Dean repeated the action while wrapping his hand around the smaller man’s cock. It was such a pretty cock, which was something he never thought about before. It was long and slender, but still carried a large head. He stroked his thumb across the slit on his upstroke, causing Cas’ head to fall back on his shoulders.
"Pick the color you wish, Castiel."
His mate gave as good as he got, rocking back in perfect rhythm with his alpha. “Alpha! Alpha! Alpha!”
“My brother will do anything for you, anything to make you happy.”
Dean jumped when his phone rang, since he had been intent on hearing what his brother was trying to tell him.
Dean opened the door.
“All I have to do is place a finger on your forehead. You would still remember but your fear would be gone. It will happen when you become an angel, but I can hurry it along a bit, if you want.” he pushed out his scent a bit more knowing it would help calm the omega.
"G'morning, Blondie-Girl. Did you sleep well?" he asked while he scooped her up and tossed her in the air. Her giggles were the sound of pure joy and he couldn't get enough.
It took a long time and some careful maneuvering, but she finally got them down the stairs by going down slowly on her butt with Cas (still out cold) in her lap. After she finally dragged him to the library, he began to come around.
Sam gave one sharp knock on the door before he walked into the room his brother was pacing. Dean was giving off a bitter odor, so he was pretty stressed.
Dean was lying in bed and thinking. And worrying.
“Damn, Cas. You taste so good, can’t wait to swallow your slick too.” Dean realized his words and actions were making his mate impatient and humping the mattress. He chuckled to himself. That would not do. Turning his attention to Cas' glorious behind, Dean maneuvered himself until his face was inches from the object of his desire.
He wrapped his wings around his omega and settled back to watch Emmie and CJ trying to push Michael on the swings. "Well, hearing you say, 'You're the one I want', was the start of my
“Whatcha thinkin’ ‘bout?”
"Man, you are a lucky son of a bitch. Your omega is gorgeous. Maybe he's got some friends he could introduce me to?"
There was a blur of bodies as the doomed man jumped towards Dean, and Cas held his breath til it was over. It only took seconds, but finally the camera showed only two alphas alive, and Dean reaching for his phone.
“PRINCE CASTIEL CLAIMS THE OMEGA, DEAN, SON OF BARON WINCHESTER!”
Dean heard the shaky breath his future brother-in-law released when Sam placed the pup in his arms. The look of reverence was something to see from the one he had named "The Trickster." Dean knew how much Gabriel loved Emmie (and she him), but this was something different: it was a longing for his own. He hoped that Sam and Gabriel would be allowed to mate soon, because he wanted his brother to have what he did. A family of his own.
“I’m perfect, Alpha. I love you, and I'm so glad that I found you.” He rubbed his nose against his mate and starred purring.
He couldn’t wait any longer to touch him, so Dean grabbed Cas’ shirt and yanked. Buttons flew everywhere, but finally, he could see the gorgeous, tan skin of his omega. He was a lucky, fucking alpha, that was for damn sure! His hand trembled slightly as he held it a few inches over Cas’ heart, waiting for the omega to put his hand over his heart.
“Just think, Dean. In a few hours you’ll be mated and working on having angel babies.”
He could smell how the words made his mate feel. Cas still had his face in Dean’s neck, just taking in his scent. His alpha was now contentedly purring to his omega, and there was no way he could have stopped himself. Apparently, his alpha was close to the surface, and it felt wonderful hearing Cas’ answering purr.
Well,
things Cas ate last night and got smacked on the arm by the blushing omega for his trouble.
“A first heat is bad, Dean. Then add to it that Cas is doing this at, how fucking old? When are you guys gonna get home?”
“Of course, Cas. Family.”
He was away from his father.
“Yes Ma’am?”
**********
“Are you not here to find your mate?” Sam asked Gabriel.
“Um...what the actual hell are you talking about?”
"My Alpha."
Dean was nervous and he could never remember being nervous in his entire existence. Considering he had been around for thousands of years, this was something that his brother thought was hilarious.
He was, admittedly, very anxious and wanted to be home in his own room. Even though his life up to this point had been lonely and sometimes cruel, he figured the devil you know is preferable to the devil you don't, right? His father had never been affectionate, even when his mother was alive, but after her death he had been cold and distant. Then, after he had presented as an omega at thirteen, Lord John not only never gave a kind word or touch, he went out of his way to berate and humiliate him—both privately and in public (Dean was routinely informed that he was useless and unworthy). He also regularly struck him since he never thought Dean answered him appropriately or moved quickly enough for his standards.
In his fantasy, he pictured Cas as his omega, getting to slide his cock into his hot, wet hole, hell, he had even pictured Cas fucking him. But he had kept his love and desire for the angel under wraps, or so he thought. Dean knew he shouldn’t be surprised that Sam had figured it out. He sat up from trying to sleep.
, Alpha.”
It took a few moments for Cas to quit crying and another minute before he pulled his face back to look at Dean. The omega shifted his stare from one eye to the other as if he were looking for a falsehood, or maybe he was trying to see if he could still see Dean’s soul. He wasn’t sure exactly what Cas was looking for, but he let him be until he was content.
Charlie's chatter died off as soon as the doors were opened. The two of them were in a corner of the “music tent" which was the largest of the three. The beta had been a great distraction, but now was the moment it all began. Dean fidgeted a bit with his wrist ties.
“Careful, Love. Take care of Cassie, Dean, please.”
He took one more moment to enjoy the vision that was his mate. Thick thighs covered in dark hair made Dean appreciate the omega's dedication to jogging, which more than likely also contributed to Cas' beautiful ‘bubble butt’: round, firm, and so delectable. Glancing up, Dean enjoyed the view of the strong back muscles he had felt when soothing his mate earlier. The same muscles that were now rolling as he was still slightly humping the mattress. Finally, he looked directly at the source of the aromatic nectar that was Cas’ and Cas’ only. His rim was pink, shiny, and still looked tight even though Dean had fingered him. Oh, how he wanted to bury himself inside his mate, but first, a small taste.
“Huh?”
“You’re gonna suffer, you fake winged asshole!”
“Who are you?” she yelled.
The archangel cradled her with obvious experience. “Go, Dean. Bring your mate. You and your omega need to go and get this over, so that future generations of demons are not bred. Do you understand, son?”
As the Spring explodes with beauty and growth, as the Summer sun warms all creatures, as the sweet harvest of Fall overflows in bounty, and in the crisp, cold, clarity of Winter, may you have love every season, every year, forever.
He heard the sharp gasp from Cas as he saw Alistair draw his gun, but Alistair’s eyes grew wide when Dean showed the shadow of his wings.
Charlie interrupted with, “No, you misunderstand me. No one in the castle baked any apple pies for today.”
“Uh, yeah. That’s true, Omega.”
“Don’t ask stupid questions, Charlie,” he said with a smirk on his face. Of
Dean hesitated. What his father had originally planned was wrong, and he might get in trouble if the king found out. But he couldn’t lie to a prince, right?
It's been a pleasure to write and we've enjoyed you comments so much.
So here he was, in the car with Bal, wishing they were already at the club. After dinner he had enjoyed his hot bath and his orgasms before getting dressed. There was nothing to do for his hair, people had tried for years to tame it. Charlie eventually convinced him to just towel dry it and enjoy the 'sex hair' look and rock it. So, he did.
“Thank you, Dear. Cas has a few questions if you’d like to go up, third room on the left. I’ll go help with lunch.” She shooed him up the stairs.
“Hey, guys. Here, Sam. Here’s your bags. You alright, Dean?”
“Anything you want or need for you and Emmie to be happy. You can do anything, Castiel. Michael has assured me of that. Also, we can come back if you forget something.”
Dean took a step forward with his arm linked with his mother's. He was the next Alpha to walk through the door to his future, and he hoped it led to his future with his Omega and not to a few centuries of loneliness waiting for the next ceremony. He tried to remember his instructions from Michael how to carry himself on his parade past the Omegas.
Dean saw his mate quickly step forward and backhand his father hard enough to draw blood.
“Charlie! What the hell?!?”
“You knew?”
"Yeah, right there with you, brother. Whoever it is helped slaughter thousands of his or her own. Anyway, I don't think you have any reason to be nervous. You will make an excellent mate and sire. The Omega that claims you will be lucky, Dean."
“Dean?” Oops.
"Dean, relax! You're shedding."
He leaned down so that his soft, growly voice was directly in Cas' ear. “Come on, Omega. Need you to come again. I wanna feel you clamp down on my knot. Please, Cas. Come on, come on, come on.”
He shifted from strong, measured pushes into Cas, to the slow, sexy grind of his hips that he used while dancing. It made his alpha wild to hear the whines from his omega, knowing that he was going to come again before Dean popped his knot.
Making sure to catch the Omega's eyes, Dean sang few words to him.
It took a few minutes for the sets of brothers to say goodbye, especially since her fathers didn’t want to let Emmie go,  but finally Dean told Sam and Gabriel they needed to go, because Cas was beginning to perspire at an alarming rate. His omega was in heat, and it was time for the others to leave!
“Alpha?”
When Cas heard the words of the first song he threw his head back in a loud belly laugh. Feeling Dean's hands on his hips he looked down and winked at his Alpha. Cas laced his hands with Dean's and began moving his hips in a poor imitation of Dean's early figure eights.
“Of course, but you are named after an angel.”
He saw Cas wink at him then felt the hand in his hair pushing his head farther down. Hells yeah, he was on board with this! He looked down at the hard cock that was right in front of his face, glanced back up and he licked his lips before bypassing Cas’ hard-on altogether. He wanted the taste of that slick to coat his taste buds again.
Dean sighed. He never really believed the shit John used to say about omegas. He really didn’t. He was just scared out of his mind that he would mess up the one good thing that could be happening. He called out to his brother before he slammed out the door.
He followed the angel kisses (his dad told him that’s what freckles were) across the alpha’s cheek down to his lips. Holy fuck, his lips! They were delightfully plump, and felt lush on Cas’. Thinking of the way those lips had felt when Dean ate him out made his hips jerk just a bit, making him realize that the alpha’s knot had gone down and he was freed.
He had enjoyed the time of a few Betas over the years, but he wanted his Omega. Dean knew from the time he was twenty that his soulmate would be an Omega. He had been in town doing some shopping one day when he finally smelled his first Omega since his Mom. He had been almost done when he realized he had lost his necklace that his little brother had given him years ago. He went back down Main Street, checking all along the sidewalk but he never found it. That scent stayed with him to this day. Dean had never smelled another Omega who was a perfect mix of cinnamon and caramel.
Dean sat and was tickled that his omega sat so close to him that they were touching from shoulder to ankle. He never even let go of Dean’s hand. His inner alpha was purring at the show of affection.
Dean's eyes lit up. “Are we allowed to visit the gardens?”
He could see Dean’s mouth moving, and he assumed that he was talking to his brother, but he never took his eyes off the other alpha. Cas was relieved as he saw Sam shake his head in the negative, and almost (almost!) missed the feral smile that broke out on his alpha’s face, just before he began stalking towards the last alpha standing between him and his omega.
Dean walked into the ensuite ridding Emmie of her clothes as well as his own before stepping into the shower he had started with his angel ways.
Sam was laughing at the way the omegas were bantering back and forth. The younger one, Castiel, actually kicked his brother in the butt. The omegas reminded him of how he and Dean fought and picked on each other.
“Mom dropped off everything you will need, earlier today.”
“Wait...what?!?” Dean had just realized what Cas had said. These were the same alphas that chased him from California. He pressed the pedal a bit further down, speeding up even more.
Holding completely still with his eyes closed, he was surprised to feel Cas place his hand on his cheek. He buried his face in his neck (no he wasn’t hiding, thank you very much!) as he was flooded with emotions. He could feel the love for his omega but he could also feel the love the man had for him. For an alpha that had been sure he was unworthy of being anything more than a soldier, it was overwhelming.
"Wait. Did you say his name was Dean?" Sam nodded and Gabriel looked at Dean with wide eyes. "When I-when I got here, I didn't get here alone." He said in a rush, almost tripping over his words in an effort to get them out. "I mean I did but then I found someone that someone else told me about and he doesn't have any memory either. He calls himself Dean." Sam watched the blood drain from Dean's face and he had to stand and catch Dean as he fainted.
"Look, man, can you back up a bit?" Dean was talking to his own would be twin. Cas stepped towards him and put an arm around him, "Don't worry Dean, baby, I won't let Milo do a damn thing to you." Milo looked at Dean, "Your name is Dean too?" Dean made an exasperated sound and ignored Milo altogether, opting to look at Sam instead. "We need to get going."
"I know." Sam stated quietly. "It's just that, well, you really really didn't like us before. You accused us of breaking the world."
Something instinctively drove Sam out of his chair and he put himself between Dean and Gabriel. "Dean, stop!" Anger and rage were rampant on his brother's face as he glared at him. "Stop, Dean. I think, I think something's wrong with him." "Something is wrong with him, the stupid son of a bitch, left us. Cas wouldn't be dead if it wasn't for him!" Dean lunged forward but Sam's strong hand held him in place, away from Gabriel. "No, Dean. Something is really wrong with him. He didn't know his name was Gabriel."
"You are, shorty. Normally I'd tell you that you not being an archangel is the best thing that could happen to humanity because I used to not like you but you did die for us and for that I'm willing to let bygones be bygones but you have to know that now that we've been here demons and angels alike will find you. We constantly have them trailing us, still trying to kill us when they get a chance and as it is you don't stand a chance. Why don't we try something different instead? Why don't you guys hang with us this week, watch us train, we'll go to a YMCA or something and spar while y'all watch, go to a shooting range and learn how to shoot and we can teach y'all the basics on how to protect yourselves and each other against demons and angels and witches and-"
"Yes. Why? Wait- why did I know that?"
Gabriel caught their look but misinterpreted it. He didn't know they were shocked at his laid back vernacular. He thought it was the "bro" that had thrown them off and he quickly explained, "We're not really brothers but since neither of us remember anything past the four years we eventually moved in together and have been roommates every since."
Sam smiled at his friend. "No worries. I like reading it from time to time, the Destiel one, not the others, and there's a new ship that I, well, ship."
"I took care of you, Sam."
"You mentioned that the grace would fix anything wrong with my body, will it get rid of my tattoos and piercings? Since, you know, they aren't natural?"
___________________
A small smile graced Dean's face. "You'd have made a great lawyer, Sammy."
Mind made up, he went and sat next to Gabriel who was currently sitting on the couch, hunched into himself. "You ok?" Sam asked gingerly, applying the same tone of voice he used on victims and/or their families. Gabriel shook his head as he launched himself towards Sam, practically sitting on him. Sam put on arm around his shoulders and Gabriel just tucked himself in. It didn't escape Sam's notice that he fit perfectly. It was like he'd been made for Sam.
Sam smirked. He hoped Cas remembered. He was really enjoying this version of him. He smiled into Gabriel's hair, inhaling and enjoying his scent, placing gentle kisses along his hairline.
Sam brushed the hair out of Gabriel's face gently before lifting his chin up so their eyes could meet. Then Sam just spoke from the heart. "Gabriel, you're so important to this world. Not just heaven, but the world. There's a whole slew of believers out there, people who count on their God and the angels to keep them safe. You didn't want to fight before and you don't want to fight now, I can understand that. But I think that even when you were the archangel Gabriel what you hated was your family fighting. There's nothing that can be done for that and I'm sorry your family got destroyed but you will have one now. You'll have Cas, Dean and me. We won't leave you to fight alone. We'll fight everything that comes our way together. I won't leave you, Gabriel. I promise. If you'll have me, I'll be with you til the end of time."
"No."
"That Dean would never kill me nor I him. Never. We flipped destiny the bird and we did it with your help Cas. We called ourselves Team FreeWill. We were awesome. We've missed you, man."
It was 22 hours before Gabriel woke up.  Sam had been uncomfortable going to bed with him but Cas had insisted and Sam somehow trusted that Cas would know what was best for Gabriel so he'd followed his instruction. He had the suspicion that Cas was also trying to slightly force Dean's hand but that was ok with Sam. His brother could stand to learn a lesson or two.
"But you guys are"- Sam started, only to be cut off by Dean. "No, Sammy, not now. We need to talk somewhere private."
Sam shook his head as he realized Milo was responding. "..course you are. Who doesn't know of the famous Winchester brother's that let our king out of hell but then threw him back in?"
Cloaked, so that no one could see Him or feel Him, the mostly absent Father nodded to himself. He'd done good. He'd give his sons a week of vacation, of being human with their human counterparts and then He'd give them their graces back. New and improved. It was time for sweet little Cassie to get a promotion anyway. He was down two archangels, soon to be three because His son Raph was a colossal idiot but He'd found the perfect beings to replace them. Hopefully, they'd accept the mantle when He offered it to them. Dispatching the three demons He could sense headed their way He left them to get some much needed peace.
"Were you awake this whole time?" Sam asked, a smile filling his face.
"Gabe!" Sam suddenly remembered. Both brothers snapped their heads towards the kitchen and there, huddled underneath the table were Cas and Gabe. Gabriel had his head tucked into Cas's shoulder, his shoulders and body quaking with fear and tears. Cas was glaring at them or at Dean, rather.
Dean turned, docile and properly cowed. He looked at Cas from beneath his lashes and just like that Castiel's anger fled. Instead he winked at Dean and said, "You look good submissive, Dean." Dean narrowed his eyes and opened his mouth to retort something and then thought better of it. He was Dean fucking Winchester, ladies man extraordinaire and capable of making his best friend, Castiel, blushed as he had done many times before. He needed to get it together and show Cas who was boss.
"Oh. Right. Hmm?"
"Totally cliched Sam but I hope you never ask me for the world."
"So, then what happened?" asked Gabriel.
"Credit card scams?"
Neither Winchester was the type for chick flick moments but listening to Gabriel cry, something the former trickster never would have done had Sam running a hand through his hair and releasing a breath. He chanced a glance at Dean only to find him pointedly looking at his beer and he sighed. Looked like it would be up to him to do the honors.
"Fuck you, jerk. All y'all done?"
"For what?"
"What happens now?"
Cas rolled his eyes. “They have alcohol, you heathen. You’ll live. Besides it’s not so much a restaurant as it is a... gathering place of sorts. The tables are all communal and people sit wherever. It was Dean’s turn to eye him suspiciously but he let it go. Sam noticed his brother throwing his nicest shirt into the duffle bag he was packing for the showers they were planning on taking after the gym. He would tease him about it but he was too happy that Dean was seemingly pulling his fucking head out of his ass and treating the whole thing like the date day it very clearly was.
"Destiel- the ship name for Dean and Castiel. Sastiel. Sam and Castiel."
"Between worlds, huh? Does that mean aliens are also real?"
"Before you went into your final battle with Lucifer you gave us a DVD-" "You gave us a fucking porno." Interjected Dean. Sam sighed, "Yes, you gave us a porno BUT before the, uh, action actually started, you gave us what we needed to lock him back up. It required us getting the rings that each of the horsemen wear." "Wait, THE horsemen?" Cas asked, "As in Famine, Pestilence, Death and War?" "Yes," Sam nodded. "Those. So we got them and-" "How?" This time it was Gabe interrupting. "By cutting the rings off their hands, although not Death's. Death just gave it to me. Lent it to me and then I had to give it back." Dean answered.
"What introduced you to this world, anyway?" Cas asked Dean, who sighed. "Let's eat first and then we'll talk. I'm hungry. Got any pie?"
"He..." Cas sighs. "It's different right now because now I know we're brothers, but before..it was still like that. I took care of him when he couldn't handle being alive. He was depressed, severely depressed for over a year. After I found him standing with all the pills in the palm of his hand, he just-I just-," Cas voice breaks and he squeezes his eyes shut, face lifted upward, his hands digging into his hips. "He promised me to never again so much as open the bottles until the day he knew he could do it without having to fight the urge to take them all. It's been a year and a half since then. And it's been a year since he weaned himself off the meds. He'd been doing better. We'd been doing better. I guess today was just too much."
Sam involuntarily flinched. It had been five years but it didn't make his time spent in hell any easier to talk about. Still, something about how innocent Gabe was now made it a little easier.
"We have a few angel blades, the only thing that can kill one, one of them is yours by the way, but they are out in the car. We're going to go get them and you're coming with us because we don't want anything to take you while we're not here."
Whatever Sam expected Cas to say it wasn't that but he'd be lying if he said he didn't hope Cas meant everything he'd said. He liked this Cas better than the other one. This one had backbone and a spine where the other one had been loyal to Dean to a fault. He was mildly surprised by how pleased he was that Gabriel had someone staunchly in his corner.
The passenger door opened and out stepped a replica of Dean that had both brothers letting out another startled breath. Cas heard and turned to look at Dean before announcing "Looks like I have a type." before turning back to take pseudo Dean who had come around the car in a deep kiss, pushing him up against the car. Gabriel laughed before announcing that they should see what his type was. Castiel broke away and responded to his brother, "He's here too. He was waiting for you at the apartment. I brought them both with me." All five men turned to where someone was struggling to get out of the backseat of the two door car. "Son of a bitch," they heard him mutter before a head peeked out and Sam saw what could have been his doppelgänger. Sam himself was wearing loose jeans, a black t and a red and blue flannel over it, whereas this guy was dressed in skinny black jeans, a black t and a black baseball jacket over it, black Chucks at his feet. His hair was long like Sam's but that too was dyed, or maybe it was just like that, black. His eyes, however, were also green. Over all it was a striking combination. He finally made it out and came and stood in front of Sam. "You look like me. Just older. How old are you, man?" "32" stated Sam. The man blinked. "So am I. You look older. Not your face but your eyes, I think." Sam could only nod. After everything they had been through, that certainly made sense. He was also now understanding what kind of union it look like God was trying to bring together. Too bad he didn't take into account that Sam was straight. Mostly anyway, with some minor experimenting he'd done before Jess back at Stanford. But that didn't count. Who didn't experiment during college? Besides, he didn't like Gabriel. Not like that. Now matter how good he looked in jeggings, (Sam had walked behind Gabriel when they exited the bar. Gabriel looked damn good).
“We’re cool now,” Kelly said, smiling. “Sorry.”
“Me and Missouri were placing dibs on when you would get here. Helen Kline said she thought you’d have died way earlier but Missouri says she thinks you’d take a while. I personally said that Mr. Sam Winchester was gonna show up after dyin’ of cancer, was I right?”
“Imagine if you ended up with some random stranger,” Eileen laughed.
“Uh… alternate universe Kaia is eating fried lizard. Does that help?” Kaia asked.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said. Dean sat down, and the sounds of the music and voices seemed to fade. Cas’s eyes met his as he closed the book. It was Good Omens. He probably got it from Billie’s stash of Neil Gaiman while waiting to be rescued. “About… the…”
“Haven’t seen him,” Mary said. “Bobby and Rufus are back to their shenanigans so I’ve been busy. There. Oh, I’m so proud of you Dean. Did you know that Heaven doesn’t allow guns? It’s the darndest thing.”
“Mom, you don’t need a gun,” Dean said.
Dean smiled, embracing Miracle, falling backwards. Castiel laughed, trying to help him up. “So this is the dog you told me about.”
15x08 “Our Father Who Aren’t in Heaven”- Okay this episode is a trashfire. Start with Chuck being an asshole, kind of gloating while working on his book. He’s reading outloud, and then going back on different ways to kill Sam and Dean, lmao. Chuck feels a sudden pain bc gunshot wound. Cut to Adam and Michael- Lilith tries to get him on Chuck’s side, but Michael walks away in a very sassy “turn the other cheek moment”. Cas summons Michael (+Adam) to ask them how to beat Chuck. Michael says nope, I’m gonna be neutral. Cas shows him what Chuck has done. Michael has to think through it and has a lil debate with himself while Sam leaves with Eileen to go find Rowena. Michael opens a portal to Purgaytory and gives them the idea to go after the magic fruit mcmuffin thing. Michael is like: Hey did u feel the presence of another deity? Bc I’ve been following it for weeks lmao. And Dean and Cas are like: U ok homie? Sam and Eileen return to find that Dean and Cas are gone, which is when Sam discovers a text from a fellow hunter that they’re in danger. Sam and Eileen race off only to discover IT’S CHUCK! D:
“I wanted to be a nurse… so I went back to pre-med. I’ve even gotten to work with Alex Mills, Jody’s daughter. She’s an amazing doctor. And… I know that when it’s over… I’ll be home. It’s nice because we’ve got the cheat code. We know what happens when we die. And that’s pretty neat, because most people don’t have that kind of faith.”
“Dean!” Sam smiled, hugging him. It felt like it had been so long.
“Yeah,” Sam said. “If you didn’t know you’d be with Michael again… what would you do?”
“I love you, Sam,” Jack smiled. “I’ll see you again soon.”
“Died,” Dean gasped.
“Get it on and let’s go. If we leave after 7:30, there will be a car crash on route 84 and we won’t make it in time for the wedding,” Patience said.
“Yeah,” Sam laughed. He turned as everyone settled in their seats. Claire walked to sit next to Kaia, holding her hand, fingers intertwined. Sam watched as Eileen appeared out of her car, wearing Jody’s wedding dress, smiling. She walked up the aisle and met Sam.
“A… party?”
The girls going to college was huge. Sam was overly excited, which made both of them roll their eyes when it was their turn. The first in their family to go to college… and then the second. The oldest had taken an interest in hunting but Sam had convinced her to get a degree anyways. She finally agreed to take the Park Ranger program so she could hunt and also arrest humans who were poaching fish or littering. She made Sam very proud. The other one got into Stanford and Sam nearly died of happiness. Eileen had to remind him that it was just a school.
“Relax, Patience.”
“Not even a little one?” Mary said, looking at Jack.
Dean stepped inside Harvelle’s Roadhouse. The bar was the same as it had been years ago, with gold lighting. Ellen Harvelle was behind the counter. Her daughter Jo was there too, and Dean’s heart froze for a second. Jo looked at him, smiling.
“I’m glad you came in,” Adam said. “She’ll be okay, don’t worry.”
“Would you like to help them? The new souls coming into Heaven, from Hell?” Jack asked. “Not to assume… but I think you’d be good at it. We’re working on making it easier because it’s a hard transition and I know nothing about Hell-”
“You’re so confident,” She said. Sam didn’t reply. Her eyes were closed. She wouldn’t see him sign. “I know you believe in this happy ending, but… if we’re happy, eternally… what happens to us? If nothing changes, do we just go in circles forever? Driving a car around, forever? What a boring ending. We saved the freakin’ world.”
“Sometimes my predictions are a little far ahead,” Patience said. “Kaia, say something.”
“I can’t,” Patience said. “There are so many things going wrong already.”
“I care,” Sam laughed.
15x14 “Destiny’s Child”- So this one is another trashfire episode that’s gotta be entirely rewritten. Billie tells them to go find Eden or whatever so they have to use their network. They discover that Arthur Ketch isn’t up to any good so they ask him for help. He leads them to the item, all friendly, but when they get there, it’s discovered that he’s still the same person and he’s still obsessed with Mary. Turns out that Ketch has kidnapped poor scammer Anael and tortured her in the hope that Jack would walk into his trap upon hearing a fellow angel in distress. But knowing that the Winchesters were looking for shit, he could just get them there anyways. Oh shit. So he does have it, because Anael knew the location, but he wants to kill Jack. Sam and Dean make a case to save Jack and we see a big moment between Jack and Dean that’s really sad and sweet. This is the moment of forgiveness. Jack swallows the thingy and goes unconscious which is bad timing bc Ketch is gonna kill him. Anael, Cas, Sam, and Dean fight Ketch and it’s really badass tbh. Dean or Sam kills Ketch and we all cheer bc Ketch is irredeemable but his actor is lovely so it’s nice to see him back lmao. Jack has his crisis and then finally resurfaces, fully healed. Anael assumes they’ll kill her too but Cas is like: No girl u go. They have a soft sibling moment before Anael permanently leaves the show, a smile on her face because of this act of love from her big brother. Billie shows up and is like: Okay, it’s not safe for Jack here anymore, I’ve got to take him somewhere to hide until we’re ready. Sam and Dean are like: nooooooooo, and Cas is like: I’ma fight u. Billie is like: okay but ya’ll better not fuck up. And Sam and Dean are like: Of course we won’t. We get another hug between Cas and Jack because love at 435 degrees and then end.
“You’re my hero, Dean Winchester,” Jack said softly. “I’ll see you very soon.”
“How’s John?”
“Fine, but you owe me some stories,” Rufus said. “I wanna know what it’s like to die of natural causes. You migh’ just be the first one whodunit.”
“SURPRISE!” A bunch of people ran out.
“I’m sorry I couldn’t bring him back,” Jack said. “It was… it was time, I guess. He wanted to move on.”
Donna was Sam’s best man, her curly hair pulled up, smiling. Claire stood next to her, beaming with pride. She had a bruise under her eye, probably from a hunting trip.
“What did I do now?” Dean complained.
“Does Heaven have sunrises like this?”
“Feels like it,” Dean said.
“You finally made it,” Dean said. “Welcome home.”
“You are?” Jack asked, his eyes tearing up.
The final scene is Sam and Dean. They’re in a place we’re not sure of, a beautiful forest. Bobby is leaning against a tree. He waves hello. They’re all crying, and Sam is talking with Bobby as Dean’s attention falls elsewhere. We then see Jack and Cas. Dean is standing away from them, silent, his mouth slightly open. And then he smiles. The end.
“Will I see you again?” Sam asked.
“Sam!” Cas said, joining the group hug. He let go, looking into Sam’s eyes, as if he could see right into his depths.
“Hello boys… and others,” Rowena said. “I’ve been called up here because apparently god and the angels were too busy to officiate this wedding. Samuel… my dear, poor Samuel… has met a person just as reckless as him and they’re getting married. Now, I met Samuel when he was a wee 31 year old. If you were to tell me he was the same man, I would be surprised. Eileen has changed quite a bit too, I’ve heard. She started out with a revenge plot to kill a Banshee and now she’s a very well adjusted, wonderful leader of the Men of Letters.”
“Sam,” She signed. “I thought about what you said. You were right. We have eternity to figure… this out, but… I want to spend it with you.”
“You did too,” Charlie said, wiping tears from her eyes. Sam looked back at Eileen, who was silent.
15x17- “Unity” Okay, because Dean is consistent in this rewrite, he actually cares about Jack. Shocker. Billie is very soft in explaining the plan, despite Dean and Sam being bitchy. Dean and Jack go meet with OG Adam (Not the gay one) to go get his rib. It’s actually really short and sweet, and then we get the low down on what’s up. Amara has gotten Chuck to the Bunker and they’re chilling while Amara tries to talk him down from being an asshole. She actually brings up Becky and is like: Hey brother don’t you remember your ex? Why not stop being an asshole for her sake. Chuck is like: nah. Sam is nervously waiting for the team. Cas is struggling with Jack telling him to be quiet about Jack dying, but Cas breaks out and tells Sam. Sam is obviously distraught. Dean and Jack arrive back (Jack hasn’t touched the thingy yet), and Sam of course is like: HEY JACK U BITCH U DIDN’T TELL US! Billie shows up and is like: Guys. My dudes. We have to do this now. Chuck is here. Jack tries to grab the rib but Dean is like: Hell no u dumbass. Chuck convinces Amara to side with him and she turns on the Winchesters, giving up her powers to Chuck to be the same deity again. Chuck comes out and is like: Hey bitches u bitchy bitch Cas ur dumb (I think that’s the exact line from the show). Chuck is like: I’m done with all of you, and he breaks the rib. He tells them to watch the world burn and he smiles.
“Whatever for? We are grateful to you, Honey.”
"Castiel. My friends call me Cas."
Crowley ran a good club; they had danced in most of his operations in the state. This was the first time in Lebanon, though. It was a grand opening for Crowley, who called Dean whining that he needed the Review to be here. Dean had agreed quickly, for double the money since they were showing up on short notice. He was lucky he was able to get the guys to come, since they all had regular jobs. The dancing was for the extras in life for them, and Dean was ready for it to be done.
“Never mind...where am I to go? Will you take me to where I need to be and, please, keep my brother out of trouble until this is over?”
"Eh, guess it's just the way Ma raised us. I don't mind doing things the human way but I can and do use the angel way when it's called for. Does it bother you that I prefer..." he stopped when Cas immediately began shaking his head.
Dean had never felt more focused as he drove at reckless speeds, listening to Sam talking to Charlie and Cas on speaker phone.
His omega canted his head to the side. “What happened? You were talking and then just went silent.” Is it possible Cas looked even sweeter with that head tilt?
He looked around at all the other alphas and their handlers around the room. Dean was ready to go in the hall where his mate was, oh, yeah he was. He had been anxious all day, but especially since Sammy had told him that his omega had some worries. He was determined to make sure that no matter what was wrong, he was going to help his mate.
Since then six months had gone by, and even though the Court had sent servants and guards and a bounty of supplies to help in his endeavors, the alpha wished for nothing more than to leave the country. He was the youngest of the royal siblings (only 24), and even though the others had each taken a turn holding this event, Castiel had held out hope that Michael would give him a pass and make some other courtier take on the task. But they were held every three years—maybe he could’ve held out a bit longer—so he knew it was inevitable. He just bit his tongue and got to planning.
“No! No, no, no, no, no! No crying, Babe. I don’t need you to heal me,” he said as he sat on the bed and pulled Cas into his lap, letting the omega wrap around him like an octopus. “I just need you because you’re you, Cas.”
“What’s wrong?” he asked, coming through the door startling Cas.
“Sir. Do you see that alpha looking at the table with his hands on his hips? His face is all scrunched and he's got brown, messy hair?”
“I only have three more classes before the year is over. I will talk to my professor and I'm sure he will let me just come back for the final. I'm doing very well in that class. Next year, I will go to school closer to where we live.”
Dean laughed as Benny smacked his shoulder before walking through the curtains to do his slow dance to the song "You Can Leave Your Hat On" which, when the big Alpha was done, his hat is about all he had on, and a very, very small g-string.
“I see. Th...Thank you. There was always the fear that she could be taken away by...”
“Hey, Hannah. This is Dean, my Alpha. We're here to get Emmie.”
“Wow. Uh...makes sense with our lifestyle. It's intense and, well, I’ve only been with Jess during hers. I can tell you that...”
"Hey guys," he said as he sat at the table and began loading his plate with salad and his mom's amazing muffaletta. She made it once or twice a month for his Dad who was from New Orleans. Cas loved the sandwich.
“Well, never heard you do that before, Cassie.”
“Oh yeah, Cas. Damn, Baby, that feels good. Lick me again, that’s it. Fuck, look at your ass covered in slick. I love it! You are leaking so much. You like my cock? Yeah, ah! That's it...suck it. Take it in your mouth. Fuck.”
His mouth slammed onto the plush lips in front of him, and Dean opened his mouth in surrender. His tongue pillaged the ridges of his palate, his teeth and his tongue until he heard Dean whine and he groaned in response. He didn’t remember his hands pulling the omega's legs up around his hips, but he felt corresponding arms grip around his neck.
He couldn't hear what Alistair said in response as his body was being pulled into his new dimension. He had a moment of blind fear thinking that he may be only minutes from death. This was the last time he would see his brother's face. Why was his face getting closer?
“I see. May I ask why he doesn’t want to at least meet us?” He pushed his plate away, having lost his appetite.
Holy Crap. He had a pup. He was a Daddy! Holy Crap.
“Alpha, my brother would like a word before we leave, o.k.?”
These last few years had been harder, trying to keep his feelings from the hunter. He even suspected that Sam knew, but he had done his best. Now, though, because of Naomi’s actions, he was free from any inhibitions. He firmly believed that his Father made him into Dean’s omega. They were literally ‘made’ for each other.
He was curious when the DJ placed five chairs on the stage. If the Alphas were going to dance for other members of the audience, well, Cas wasn't sure he wanted to watch Dean dance on someone like he had with him. Fuck, this was gonna suck. He looked up when Crowley came out and found the man smiling at him. The owner winked at him before he addressed the crowd.
Cas heard the desperation in the break in Balt's voice. He knew that the offer was sincere and it was the sweetest thing he had ever heard Balt utter.
“Before I totally lose the ability to think at all, I need you to know that when we are knotted we need to bite each other again.” He couldn’t keep from sucking a deep hickey on top of the already healed bite that he had placed on Cas’ neck during their ceremony in front of Michael.
(Exclusion: Remove Ketch and Tumberly. Ketch’s story will be resolved later)
“Me too,” Eileen signed. He held her, letting the warmth wash over him.
“I’m going now. I’m going to find a replacement for Naomi… I’m thinking…Michael, maybe? You can tell Adam that he’ll be waiting,” Jack said.
“I’ve been waiting forever for you to get here and this is how you repay me?” Mary said. “Unbrushed hair?”
15x16-“Gimme Shelter”- It’s the same. Davy Perez, I love u man. I have almost no edits for your episodes. If you wrote the whole season it would’ve been amazing. But to summarize, Jack and Cas volunteer at a soup kitchen while Dean and Sam get Amara on their side. I might change the cold open and the last scene with the girl in the cop car because it made me uncomfortable tonally, but that was gonna be that way bc of the subject (there’s a gay man murdered for his sexuality and Cas and Jack are investigating his death, serial killer uses religion to justify murder. I think it’s an amazing episode, but the demon is confusing and can be cut, just put Jack signing up for facebook in a different scene lmao, instead use that time to really hone in on the horror of this human serial killer). Also, Jack still drops the big death bomb on Cas at the end of the episode (not literal- Jack is going to die as destiny determined).
“Now, I know the two of you have vows that nobody else will understand,” Rowena said. “Take it away, Winchesters.”
Sam dropped the match onto the pyre. It lit up, sending smoke into the sky. Sam turned to look at Jack, who was smiling, watching the smoke.
“You’re not coming back to Earth?” Sam asked.
“Uh…” Kaia frowned.
“That’s okay,” Sam said. “He died a hero. He saved the whole freakin’ world.”
“Welcome home, Miracle,” Dean said. “Welcome home.”
“Or if we just accepted that Cas was in the Empty forever,” Sam said. “Or we just let Jack leave without knowing where he was headed.”
“I know,” Sam said. Charlie stepped forward, setting a Harry Potter disk on the pyre.
15x19- “Inherit the Earth” We start the episode with Dean, alone, walking on a lonely road, the heat getting to him as he makes his way to shelter. He gets food, pulling stuff out of the broken freezer. He stares at his reflection in the glass, then turns and breaks the emergency panel open and pulls out an axe. (This scene is a callback to the episode Lazarus Rising for those not aware, it’s the episode when Dean met Cas) We see him back at the Bunker. He drops the stuff he got on the table. Sam and Michael are there, planning. Their great idea is that they’ll fight Chuck as best they can. They’ve got one of those hand of god things from season 11 (magical items that blow up and can kill pretty big fish), so maybe they can beat Chuck with that. Michael has contacted Naomi, so she’s gonna send down a blast from Heaven if she can. They summon Chuck to the beach and do all of this but he just can’t be beat. He’s like: That’s the best you’ve got. Chuck sends a blast at Dean but Michael intercepts it. He falls, but he gets back up. He’s like: Bruh not gonna die knowing I let Adam down, I’m gonna die in a way that makes him proud. Michael dies in an explosion of light. Chuck brushes his hands off. Chuck then begins to punch Sam and Dean just like in the show. Chuck is like: WHY WON’T YOU STAY DOWN?! Sam says that he will always have hope, not matter what. Because they’re the Winchesters. They never give up. They never stop fighting. Chuck is about to kill Dean and Dean says something that makes him stop: Cas told me… that love is more powerful than you. Than anything. It’s a bit of a cliche, but it’s a cliche because it’s true. Your obsession and greed is gonna die out. You’re gonna be a sad, kingdomless monster, alone, because you can’t see the beauty. This planet is worth fighting for. This world, these people, they are worth fighting for. I love my brother, I love Cas, and I love my kid, and I will never give up on them. And I’m proud to die knowing I did my best to protect them. Chuck stumbles backwards and: Amara overpowers Chuck!!!! She’s like: I can’t fight him forever. Nobody should have this power, it belongs to the universe and it has to return there. She thanks Dean for teaching her that she was worthy of love, that she deserves better. Amara kills herself and Chuck in a giant blast. Everything goes white. As the dust settles, the sun is shining. Sam and Dean go hand in hand and stumble out onto the street. People are there, humans, just living like nothing happened. Across the street they see Adam, confused, his eyes searching. Miracle runs past him. We don’t find out what they say to Adam, but we see Adam crying, and smiling. He knows. He trusts that he’ll see Michael again. He has more hope than anyone could understand. Sam gets a text from Eileen. “What’s wrong?” Sam smiles. “It’s okay now. It’s okay.”  Sam and Dean ride off into the sunset.
“Vampire mimes,” Claire said. “We took them down pretty easily. I almost got taken out by a rusty nail. That would’ve been tragic.”
“Thanks… for coming,” Sam said hoarsely. He looked to Jack, who was smiling softly, and then to Eileen. Her hair was messy, her eyes tinted pink and puffy. Beside her stood Sheriff Donna Hanscum, holding roses to her chest. She walked forward and placed them on the pyre. She paused by Sam, not looking him in the eyes.
“We want to help.”
15x04- “Atomic Monsters” Chuck and Becky’s scenes over fanfic v canon will remain the same, I adore them and they work well narratively. The hunting part of the episode with Sam and Dean will actually be dealing with one of the spirits that escaped from Hell, possessing the body of a kid. Sam and Dean will be struggling with the morality of getting rid of the demon if it harms the child that it’s inhabiting, similar to how they debated over what to do with Meg Masters. It’s a lot of Meg callbacks with a very strong sense of Jack, because he’s on their minds. This is also when we first see Jack again in the edit, just at the end of the episode. He’s sitting at a bus stop in the rain, it’s very cinematic looking. He gets on the bus heading to Oklahoma.
“You’re the same silly kid I knew from… what year was it, Bobby?”
“Hey! Been a while!” Bobby said.
“I can’t…” Jack said. “If I come back, it’ll hurt too much. I belong up there. With my family. You can come too… but I have a feeling that you’re not done yet.”
“Aww,” Alex said. “Claire chose seafoam blue! You’re matching!”
His thought faded away as he looked past the faces of his friends and family… there was one person there, watching from the corner, sitting alone. Dean walked through the crowd, gently patting Kevin on the shoulder, his eyes focused on the lonely angel.
15x07 “Last Call”- No edits. We discover Leo Web and Dean’s… past relationship. Sam and Eileen flirt. Cas and Eileen team up to be little shits. We love them.
“That’s Alfie. He's the sweetest thing. He comes from Michael, too. We’re hoping that he finds his mate tomorrow. Not all of the eligible alphas found their mate in today’s ceremony, which almost never happens, so there will be another tomorrow. I have a feeling....” He looked to where she was staring to see what caused her to stop speaking.
“No need to worry about that, I have things settled. Everyone involved will be taken care of. Do you understand, my child?”
"Dada is still sleeping. He's tired." He was rather proud of how tired his omega was after their mating the night before (but now was not the time for those thoughts).
Castiel huffed at the tables in front of him and sighed. He was frustrated, so he closed his eyes and scented the air. There. He turned towards the breeze and opened his eyes. Several feet away stood an omega with light brown hair and the prettiest green eyes he had ever seen. “Ohhhhh.”
As soon as the word was out of his mouth, Dean stepped back but continued to hold Cas’ hands. He started to smell worry coming off him.
“Yes, that is not the reason I am upset. It is not your problem, Alpha. As soon as this ceremony is over I will go home and take care of…well, what is upsetting us.”
Dean was frozen as he watched his omega bring over a pup swaddled in a soft-pink, fuzzy blanket. Cas continued to talk to his sister as he placed the pup in Dean’s arms without a thought.
The alpha watched his mom standing by the cherry trees, blushing, as Bobby stood there continuing his courtship of the blonde omega. He snickered, remembering when the pair sat down with him, Cas, Sammy, and Gabe to ask for their blessings for Bobby to begin courting her. Mary had done most of the talking as the older alpha sat next to her on the couch, strangling the ball cap he had barely remembered to take off when they walked into Dean's house. Cas had given Bobby the
“Are you sure they’ll like me, Cas?” Worried alpha wafted out. He couldn’t help it, dammit.
The current song ended and he heard someone say there would be just a minute of a delay. Cas glanced up at the DJ booth glimpsing green eyes looking at him before the man walked behind stage. Just then a man walked out on the stage wearing a suit. He didn't smell of Alpha and he really didn't look like any of the other strippers.
"What Benny? My omega, fuck, Benny, my SOULMATE is waiting for me."
“Now, Sir, we have a few hours left before the Meet begins. Would you like to do anything in particular while we wait?” Charlie smiled while she paused for his answer.
"Oh! Daddy brought food! Yay!" Dean smiled at Cas' over-exuberance for the sake of their pup. As soon as she heard the word food, Emmie was focused on the tray that Dean sat over his lap as he sat down next to his mate.
He sat down again, turning away from watching his brother sucking on the tongue of some stacked, red-headed omega. She was pretty, he admitted, with a nice rack. Cas had always appreciated the female body and had even enjoyed watching straight porn a time or two, but when he was serious about getting off, the only thing that he wanted to see were tattooed, alpha males.
Dean was purring. Purring! He never purred.
(the look Dean got when he was in trouble), a look Bobby recognized and he removed it in a hurry, then.
♡♡♡♡1 year later♡♡♡♡
“Let’s go snuggle with Emmie for a bit, Cas. We don’t have too much time before our mating heat/rut will be in full swing.” He could smell the desire coming off of Dean and his started to ramp up again.
Now he just stared up into those big, beautiful eyes with the ever-changing shades of blue. Listen to him! Next thing he knew, he'd be spouting off poetry. Man, he was whipped, and he could care less. Dean was a very happy alpha, and kept rumbling in pleasure. Rubbing his mate’s thighs using soft circles, he eventually noticed that the omega’s cock was still hard. Huh.
“This omega could never displease me. You, however, offend me deeply.”
“Dean, wait!” Dean looked at her hand on his chest with confusion. Why was she trying to stop him from getting to Cas? Had his omega decided that Dean wasn’t a good enough alpha?
“Alright,” he agreed.
"Look, Emmie, this is your brudder." He purposefully used the pronunciation of brother that he used when he was younger, causing Sam to look up from the pup with tears in his eyes.
“Y...yes, I agree. Plus, I need some water or something.” He pressed his nose into Emmie’s hair, wanting to keep her scent in his nose for a bit longer.
Lining up to his entrance, Castiel managed to get out, “Are you ready, Sweetheart?” hear his mate's assent and push in with one, long glide.
He felt Dean slow his thrusts until he remained buried deep in his channel, just grinding into him. This went on for a minute or two before his alpha slowly pulled completely out, then moved so that he could roll over. Cas got situated on the pillow before wrapping his legs around his soon-to-be mate’s hips, trying to pull him back inside his body, but Dean stayed on his knees just looking at him.
“Don’t ask stupid questions, Alpha. My parents will love you just like I do.” He kept his scent and his voice soothing and calm for his nervous alpha, and kept petting his head.
Cas hid behind the feathers again because his mate had warned him that since he wasn't an angel, he shouldn’t look at Dean’s eyes when he confronted Alistair. He was really curious about how he would become an angel (and he really looked forward to seeing how it would work with Emmie changing into an angel) but at the moment he was having more carnal thoughts. Dean’s wings (besides being the most sensual things he had ever seen) were saturated with his alpha’s scent and it was causing his heat to come faster than he had expected. Perhaps he shouldn’t have stood where he was being bombarded by the scent that was literally made to cause him to feel loved, appreciated, and wanting to be bred by his alpha. Crap.
Sam couldn't explain why every instinct inside of him was screaming MINE.
Sam nodded. "You're an archangel. No way you're going to forget."
Stopping by the room he'd spent the previous night in, he stepped in and with the reminder of Cas's words on his mind, his hand snaked around Gabriel's wrist and he held his breath as he waited the few seconds it took to place a heartbeat. Once he had, he breathed out a sigh of relief and stared at Gabriel a while more, silently sending him a message, before turning on his heel and leaving him to rest.
By the time he was done, Cas was a lovely shade of red as he just stood there. "Hey Cas?" Dean asked lazily, pointedly staring at Cas's mouth watching as it turned into a pretty "o" shape. Dean didn't wait for Cas to respond, rather he lifted his gaze to meet Cas's eyes and said, "You look good submissive Cas. And for the record, I don't have a gag reflex."
"I don't want you to leave. Can you promise me now that you won't leave then?"
Gabriel looked into his eyes before turning to Dean. "Would I really do that?" Dean hesitated, glancing at Cas, before answering. "I don't want to be rude or mean or anything but in our experience, yes. You would. If I'm completely honest, you're a lot like me. We don't like feelings. We don't talk about feelings and someone wanting to cuddle us the way Sam is being able to do...well, I'd run the complete opposite way. As fast as I could and as an archangel, your fast, is a hella of a lot faster than mine is. You can go to any place, time, dimension, or universe that you want to. I want you to stay, too. If not for Sam, for Cas. But I don't think you will. I really don't think you will. And Gabe, that's my baby brother. And I'll be left to pick up the pieces. It'll be Jess all over again."
Sam felt his blood start boiling in irritation. "Cut it the fuck out, Gabriel. Just because you did us a solid doesn't mean shit when you apparently ran away afterwards. Do you even know that we lost Cas? Do you know, you know what? No, I'm not doing this with you. You obviously didn't and don't care. Just go away before Dean comes back."
"You've called me that before, you know."
"Hey Gabe."
Dean responded by squeezing it, making Cas's breath hitch.
"You're angels" Dean blurted out. He pointed at Gabriel, "You're an archangel and you," pointing at Cas, "are a Seraph. Your names are Gabriel and Castiel. Gabriel died when he went up against Lucifer during the Apocalypse, five fucking years ago and Cas, Lucifer killed you when you molotov'd Michael, y'alls oldest brother."
"Yup. I can't wait for that. Although I did have a question about something."
Dean looked at him coldly. "You're a fucking angel. Once we found your grace you were going to lose everything anyway. This isn't your fucking home, heaven is. Or wherever we are. At least that's the way it used to be. I called, you came. End of story."
"Which part?" Sam asked, rubbing some jam off the corner of Gabriel's mouth with his thumb.
"Bigfoot, I think. Loch-ness monster, maybe." Sam answered, looking at Dean for confirmation who nodded but said, "Of course, we didn't think angels existed either so we've been disproved before."
"...and engage in credit card scams." Inserted Sam, all help like, plastering an innocent face on when Dean sent a glare his way.
"You're an asshole, you know that?" Dean looked at him surprised. "Me? Why?" "Because you knew they were going to come. Come and ruin our fucking home and you brought them straight to us. Who fucking does that? Now we're going to lose everything!"
"That sounds about right." Dean said. "You would have now, you'd already been down on earth for a long time, you picked up being human then, but Cas had no point of reference. Angels don't need to shower, eat, sleep or a whole slew of things."
"When we first met you were posing as a janitor. You flirted with me to try to distract me and when we eventually figured out you were the trickster, that is to say, the one behind all of the mess, we had to kill you. But here's the thing, the thing you didn't tell us until much later. The people who were...affected by your trickery were people that deserved it. You see, as an archangel, you can see people's souls. You can tell whether they are good or bad and as the archangel of justice, it's your literal God given gift to see that those that deserve it see a certain level of justice for their sins. Why you never punished me, I'll never know but maybe you can tell me once you've taken back your mantle. But back to my story, one of the people you killed was this man who was experimenting on animals and doing terrible things to them supposedly for the betterment of science, but really he was just a sadistic bastard who liked inflicting pain on the innocent beings. You fed him to a crocodile in a sewer. Totally cliched but fitted. And you kept one of the little puppies who had gotten his leg cut off. You named him Broozer. He'd doing fine because you set it up so that his water bowl and food bowl replenish themselves and he knows how to clean after himself because as an archangel you speak Esperanto and thus can speak to animals. But he's alone in a pocket universe that only you can get into and truth be told he's probably missing his daddy right about now."
And yet, he couldn't deny that there was something about Gabriel that called to him. He was special. Even more than just because he was an archangel. Even now, as a seemingly human, his eyes were a gold/whiskey color not found in nature, his hair a beautiful gold/brass/copper color that looked so silky, Sam had to force himself not to run a hand through. Yes, Gabriel had tortured him but if it was God that had blessed what was glaringly a union of sorts, then Sam trusted it.
When Sam looked back at Gabriel he just smirked.
"He's not going to hurt your brother, Cas. Sam's not like that. He thinks things through and then makes a decision he'll stick by based on that. If he says he's with short stack over there, then he is. Against my better judgment, of course."
Dean was back by then and the four of them walked out of the bar and got into both cars, the Impala and an old Mercedes two door that Cas had rolled up in. "Hold on," Cas muttered before walking over to his car and saying "Get out." to whomever was inside.
"I take it y'all know him too?" Gabriel asked Sam. Sam nodded. "That's Cas. Castiel. He used to be Dean's best friend." "Was I your best friend?" Gabriel's head tilted, trying to understand why he had chosen the taller's man name for himself. A snort escaped Sam before he could stop it. "No. Not exactly." He didn't elaborate and Gabriel looked at him with some sadness on his face.
"I promise."
"What about you, Dean?" Cas asked. "Are you also straight?"
Cas eyed him carefully, head tilted, reminiscent of the angel he used to be as Sam continued, "and you're so different from the way you were, getting your grace back? I don't even know what that's going to do to you, Cas. I don't know if you'll turn back into the...the pod person that you used to be or if you'll stay like that. You're actually more like Gabriel now than Gabriel is."
"Chances are when you're back to being yourself you're not going to want anything to do with us. You already died once for us. You're going to be pissed that we're in your life again. Do you think that if you make a promise now, you'd be able to keep it?"
"I won't." He says quickly.
Sam laughed. "Yeah, no kidding. You know, Dean told me when he first met you he tried to stab you with a demon blade, the strongest weapon we had at the time. According to him you didn't even flinch. Just dropped it and smirked. If we could 'die' like that, painless and, you know, not actually die, that'd be great but no, your dad likes to make us feel the pain of dying of getting shot, for example, and all for naught, basically, because he just pulls us back."
Dean shook his head. "No, that's not it. It's more like we shouldn't. We don't know if more of them will come. We should be close by in case anything happens."
"Yeah?"
"Yeah, Dean. It's in the car."
"Turn your ass around and help Cas with all these fucking bodies while me and Gabriel watch TV. Talk it out amongst yourself and quit shouting. The neighbors are going to call the fucking cops because of both of y'alls idiocy."
"You're more than welcome to bunk with me, Dean. I have no problem waking up with a handful of Dean, if you know what I mean." Cas's rumbly voice responded. Sam let out a snort. This Cas was so far removed from who the former Cas had been that it was downright comical. He seemed more like what Gabriel used to be, actually. Seemed God had a sense of humor.
Dean frowned, contemplative before agreeing. "You're probably right. But ghosts can't move around like that, they are usually tied to something. I'm sure there's a few things that can cloak themselves but the ones we primarily know of are angels." Dean and Sam both stiffened as they came upon that realization.
"When we were very small, our mom was killed by a demon. We grew up with our dad moving us around, hunting down all kinds of monsters, while he searched for the one who had killed her."
"And if I don't want it?"
The boys were quiet for a few minutes as they ate before Gabriel spoke up. "You know, that kinda makes sense."
The next morning was filled with four awkward boners...well three, really, because Cas didn't give a shit. He walked around with absolutely no problem with his dick jutting out and he made sure to brush up against Dean a few times until Dean got fed up and grabbed it. Laughter filled the air and the four of them stood stalk still.
Cas spoke up again. "So it's all true then? God is real? And the devil is my brother? Or is it just his brother? How does that work?" Dean took over again, starting off by giving a slight shrug. "We don't know too much. You were the closest angel to us but you weren't very open about yourself. You mostly spent your time reading my goddamn thoughts and being in my personal bubble." Cas smirked. "Have you seen yourself? I was probably in love with you." Dean choked on his beer but then he straightened and gave Cas a long glance before nodding. "Yeah, probably. I never did anything because you were a goddamn angel. I already knew I was going to hell when I died again. I wasn't going to drag you down with me." That made Sam let out a sharp gasp. His brother had never told him that. Before he could address it however, Cas spoke again, "wait, I could read thoughts?" "Could I read them too?" Gabe asked. Sam nodded. "All angels can read thoughts. Ya'll could go back in time although it took a lot out of you, Cas. You have a ton more power, Gabe so it probably wouldn't have been more than a mere thought to you. You could also change your shape, I don't know if you could do that Cas. Gabe you could snap food or anything you wanted it with a mere snap of your fingers. Cas could too, I think, but he called that abuse of his grace."
"Ok." Cas say simply, putting his empty mug down. "So what's the plan for today?"
Cas glanced at the clock. "A while yet. Those pills put him in a deep sleep. He used to take them pretty much every day because he preferred to be asleep than awake. But after he found me standing over him a couple of times he slowly pulled himself out of his funk and eventually took them less and less until he stopped altogether. For the longest time though he didn't leave the house though. Stayed in his jammies, didn't bathe, didn't eat, didn't do anything but laid there." It's more information than Sam had asked for but Cas seems to want, no, seems to
"What's that?" asked Sam, settling himself more comfortably around Gabriel who whined and held on even tighter.
"You think it was me you liked or my power?"
"Ah, I see. Well in that case, Gabriel can bunk with me if you two want to share his room."
Left alone with Gabriel, who was beginning to stir, Sam paused to ponder what their lives were to become. For once in his life he had no qualms with looking forward.
Cas nodded. "That's a good idea. Thanks Sam. For what it's worth, if I do remember, I promise to be your friend this time around."
Gabriel's eyebrows went up and he looked at Sam. Sam just smiled at him. He liked this Gabriel. He was so innocent and cute. Sam couldn't wait to corrupt him.
"Not to mention I told him that if he had his powers he'd have been able to get rid of the bodies with his mind."
"I think we're missing something here." Cas said, drily.
A clatter behind him made Sam turn his head but it was only Dean and Cas arguing about the best ways to get rid of the bodies. Dean was arguing that he'd been doing this his whole life whilst Cas retorted that as they'd told Sam and Dean, he had memories, thank you very much, and as it was that he was millennia older than Dean, Dean should listen to his elders and do things his way to which Dean had responded that he definitely sounded like an old grouch and one who needed to get laid at that. Cas inquired whether Dean was offering. "We'll talk after you get your mojo back, angel." But it wasn't a no, Sam noticed with interest. Their lives were changing. He glanced back down at Gabriel who was struggling to stay awake and he put his arm around him to tuck him in even closer. Gabriel tucked an arm around his waist and laid his head on his chest and Sam relaxed further into the couch.
He heard His son. And for the first time in several millennia, a tear escaped His human vessel and slid down His cheek.
Leading the men were Milo and Rigo whose eyes shifted black before they smirked. "The famous Winchester brother's. Imagine our surprise to see you show up just as we were thinking of ways of...re-educating, if you will, the little angels that could to get them to remember."
"What, Dean? You used to be dad's perfect soldier. If he were still around you'd still see the world as only black and white. You wouldn't have stopped until you found a way to kill Cas simply for being not human and you think we could ever be with them if he was here?" Sam scoffed. Dean glared at him but Sam didn't much care.
Beside him Sam snorted and Dean side-eyed him. "Shut up, Sammy." Before quickly nodding at Cas who arched a brow at him, making him blush even harder as he quickly stood, mind reeling, and went to pay their tab.
Sam knew he was probably in shock.
"Ew! Gross, Sam! Not with short-stack! Not at the kitchen table! My eyes! I need brain bleach!"
Dean and Sam looked at each other. To Sam's surprise, Dean actually answered.
Sam nodded. "I was. But now there's Gabriel and that's ok."
"It's your third brother, Gabe. Wait, let me explain that bit a little bit. even though all angels are siblings, from what we learned about you guys, the four archangels were considered brothers while their relationships with the rest were considered...something akin to little brothers. The relationships aren't as close. Gabriel, your brothers were Michael, Lucifer and Raphael. You called Cas your little bro but I don't think you considered him a brother the way you did the others, if that makes any sense." Gabriel shot Cas an apologetic look. "I'm sorry bro." Cas shrugged it off. "Eh, it's not like I remember it. It's no skin off my back. Besides you're my bro now unless you think that'll change once we get our powers back." Gabe shook his head emphatically. "No. Never."
"So, Sammy? It's just a dick. Haven't you ever seen a dick?"
Sam let out an exhale as he watched his brother turn the tables on Cas. He shook his head as he went to pick up his own angel who still looked like he was on the verge of having a panic attack.
His thought made him momentarily freeze but then he shook it off. It wasn't worth worrying over. This Gabriel was clearly interested in men that looked like him but the chances of that meaning anything to Gabriel once he got powered up again were slim to none. He'd probably snap out of the orbit the second he was able to so all Sam had to do was wait it out. If Chuck truly wasn't playing with their heads or hearts, him getting attached would probably be a bad idea. Unrequited feelings were the worst. Plus, you know, he was straight and all so there was that.
Sam shrugged. "He wasn't a great dad. We fought a lot."
"What was that?" Cas asked.
Watching silently, He nodded in agreement with Sam. It was a weird type of immortality and maybe He should leave the boys at peace. They'd already done plenty for the world, after all. But there was something about them. Something even He couldn't figure out. These boys were the best that earth, heaven, and hell had to offer. The best of humanity and something more. The boys loved each other to a degree even His own sons hadn't. Was it really their life that had raised them that way? Or was it something more? Had He actually played a hand there at all? He shook His head at Himself. It couldn't be. He'd been gone for a while. No, they'd done this all on their own. It truly was astounding.
Sam's head snapped up at the somewhat familiar voice and he felt the blood drain from his face. "Gabriel?!"
"Where do I come in?" asked Cas. Finally Dean spoke up, apparently willing to take over when it came to explaining things to Cas. "We're not sure about how close y'all were. We only know what Gabriel told us, which as Sam said, included him telling us he taught you how to fly although the way he went about it was a dick move." "How?" Cas asked. "He blasted you out of a catapult when you were just a fledgling." Dean said bluntly, taking some sort of perverse satisfaction at seeing Cas turn a narrow eyed look Gabriel's way.
"Well, when I was 18, I left. I got a full ride scholarship to Stanford and it had always been my dream to study law so I went. I was there for two years before Dean came around."
Unprecedented tears sprung into Sam's eyes. So many people had left him, whether it was by choice or not. He was tired of losing people and he told Gabriel so. "I'm tired of losing people. I just want them to stay. I want to be happy. I want you. I want to love you and be loved by you. But I'm more terrified of this than of anything from the past or the future. You're going to leave and then I'll be alone again."
"Uh, Sammy?"
"You really think I'll retain my memories for the last four years until now?"
"What could I do?" Cas asked, pushing his plate away from him.
By this point everyone was done eating and Dean got up and started taking the plates over to the sink.
_________________
Here, Sam stopped and grinned at his brother before facing the angels. "Damn right, Sammy." Said Dean, his smile almost as manic as Sam's own.
Cas nodded. "Dean and I burned them in a field not far from here. It's deserted there. We built a pyre and lit it up. It was so cool." Sam huffed a laugh. "Try doing it a few thousand times. It becomes much less cool."
"Why?" Sam asked, knowing exactly where this was headed but unable to stop himself.
"Hey, don't compare me to that guy." Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean who quickly rectified himself. "Sorry, sorry. I keep forgetting he's not the arch-douche I knew. Speaking of which, do you guys have to work or something? Because I was hoping we could take you and teach you some basic defense moves since we don't know how long it'll be til we find your grace."
"Ooh, I second that motion." Cas quickly interjected, making the others laugh.
"What fanfics?" Gabriel asked, interestedly. Sam shuddered. "There was a prophet of the Lord who didn't know he was a prophet. He was getting visions of our lives and even of the future. He made them into books and sold them. There exists several worlds out there with 'ships' or people's favorite pairings. Because of Dean's propensity for saying dumb shit like he did, we are the most popular pairing."
“No, honey. I just want to gather some things we’ll need while we’re tied together. Go on, now.” He smiled at the look of relief on his mate’s face.
"Shut up, Bal."
"Touchè. Come along, I hear a banana fosters milkshake calling your name."
“Hey, Charlie-girl. You miss me?”
Oops. “Sorry.”
“Cas? You want this, yeah?”
Cas knew that his alpha’s smirk would cause him trouble in the future, ‘cuz, fuck! It was definitely a panty-dropper.
He would be happy, make sure his alpha was happy and have lots of babies.
“Son of a bitch, you taste good! Damn, Baby, your slick tastes like the best caramel sauce I’ve ever had.”
Between one breath and the next Cas found himself back in the celebration hall standing in the arms of his alpha with their pup reaching for him from her perch on Michael’s lap. Her tiny little hands making grabby motions at them while she made little grunting noises which Cas interpreted as “Hurry up guys!”
“Dean!”
But I’ve thought about it
I will give you my heart, faithful and true
“Wow.”
Having gotten lost in his own thoughts, he was surprised when Dean’s hand in his brought him to a stop in front of the prettiest little cottage he had ever seen. The first thought that came to mind was ‘home.’ The cottage was a pale blue with white accents. The steps leading to the front porch were wide enough that he and Dean could walk up together with Emmie and future pups between them. At the top of the stairs were double glass panel doors with large windows on either side, letting him look inside to see how cozy it looked. Plants, flowers, and herbs were in pots hanging, as well as sitting on the small tables set around the outdoor furniture.
"Yes. Gabriel is my omega, we just have to wait. Michael has not said how long the wait will be, but he did say that he will allow him to stay in Heaven." This was the only time Dean could remember sensing frustration from his brother.
"Yeah, of course, have Gabe bring her in. You wanna hold him?" When Sam nodded he motioned for the nervous alpha to sit next to him, then placed his son in his younger brother's arms.
Then he heard his alpha. “Hey, baby. I'm about an hour away. I can’t wait to get home.”
“Yes, Dean.” He walked over to the table to get the menu, so he didn’t see the panic on his alpha’s face with his next statement.
There were benches placed along the perimeter of the tent and the surrounding lawn. Castiel cleared his throat and asked, “Dean, would you sit with me? I would like to get to know you a little.” He indicated a nearby option in the shade with an open palm in invitation.
"You like what you see, Cas?"
The omega nodded and they sat, knees turned toward the other, about a foot apart.
Cas let his hand fall away from his cock as he looked at his gorgeous alpha bare his neck to him. He trailed his fingers along Dean’s neck as he let his nose lead him to the perfect spot. He whimpered when he could smell the alpha’s scent get deeper with desire and anticipation. Giving one little kiss, he then bit his alpha, and the pheromones and emotions flooded anew through his system.
“Dean!” Kelly Kline said. From Kelly’s expression, Dean knew what was coming. He didn’t have time to duck before she decked him.
“Aww, Baby, I would probably do whatever you want, and if it was something I really didn’t want to do, I would tell you. Alright? Until that happens, which I don’t see happening, assume that I'm down with anything you want. Do ya know where the menu is, ‘cuz I'm starved.”
As Crowley walked off the stage, the room lights dimmed while the stage lights began strobing in a rainbow of colors. It was slightly hypnotic. After just a moment those lights went out as well, leaving the room dark save the lights in the DJ booth. He could just barely see the curtain moving. He assumed the Alphas were walking out on the stage.
When Cas walked out of the kitchen to go get ready, Dean grabbed a cooler from the pantry and put inside some drinks and snacks. He knew he could always just make whatever they needed to appear (he was an angel after all) but he and his brother had been raised to do things in more of a human manner by Mary. To be honest, they both preferred to do things that way. Once he had everything they would need for the first few rounds of Cas’ heat, Dean followed his after his mate.
“I need Dean. Where is Dean?”
He helped Cas settle on his knees before kneeling down in front of him. Cas reached and grabbed both of his hands and gave him a timid smile. When Michael began to speak, they both turned to look up at him.
"Bbbbub....ers!" Emmie's squeal as she tried to escape Cas' arms (not happening, Dean knew that it had bothered his omega that she had become so upset hearing his labor) to get to CJ.
Wow, he didn’t think it was possible for that face to get even uglier. Huh. “I will make that whore watch as you die before I have my way with him again. Only this time, I’ll bleed him to death.”
“Yeah, babe?”
“No. Charlie, you’re our sister, Cas is my brother and he’s Dean’s mate. There won’t be anything left of them to prosecute,” Sam growled in response.
“Absolutely.”
Closing his eyes for a moment (he was about to shoot off before he even mated with his omega and that just wouldn’t do!) Dean inhaled the apple pie scent that had been getting stronger as Cas’ heat intensified.
As he stripped down and sat in the hot water, he could hear the Angels speaking to each other but he could not place the language. He could feel their eyes on him in a way that wasn't as creepy as it should have been. Cas didn't feel like he did when some random Alpha would leer at him, this was more like a bunch of doctors examining him at once.
"O.K., but what's gonna happen? You staying to split the money? Drive me home?"
"It's what has to happen. We talked about this, Gabriel. You need to take care of things when I'm gone. You promised. She won't survive if you don't take care of her."
"You must be in our sight from the moment you arrived here to the moment that you are placed in the Omega's Hall."
“Not trying to be. Seriously, he showed up in heat. Passed out in my lap. He said it started when he was thrown from Heaven and he’s looking for you.”
“Dean, before you and Castiel speak, I need you two to stand and face me.”
“Hey there, babygirl. Look at those pretty wings! Aren’t they precious, Cas?” He could see, as well as smell, Dean’s nervousness as Cas stood there with his jaw on the floor.
The storms in Cas' eyes threatened rain. “Alpha, please. Why are you going to see that monster?”
“Dean?”
“Just wait here, please.”
Dean laughed, thinking how others seemed to forget that Sam was just as much an alpha as he was, and just as loyal. “Damn, straight.” He could feel his inner alpha snarl and pace, thinking about the alphas threatening his family.
“Cas, I want you to lay down. Lay on your stomach, Honey. I need to taste you.”
“Take all the time you need, Alpha. I'm not going anywhere. I'm yours.” Huh...Raising up to look at Cas he questioned.
Dean focused on breathing out soothing assurance. “Be calm, Omega. We are both going so that we can protect the future. If we don’t stop him today, things will happen that cause Alistair to make a deal with a demon. If he makes such a deal, when he goes to Hell he will breed demons that will be stronger than any Heaven has ever seen. Stronger than the ones that killed too many of our kind.”
Cas ran down the hallway towards the dungeon (definitely not where he wanted to be caught!), making sure that he occasionally touched his primed fingers to the wall, spreading the scent of his slick. He was so turned on running around the bunker. His cock was so hard, he had to hold onto it to keep it from swingin’ around as he ran. He took a lap around, going through the kitchen and the war room, leaving an aromatic trail. Just as he started jogging through the library on his way back to the bedroom, he heard Dean howl in sadness. He stopped abruptly, then took two tentative steps towards the entrance. When he heard Dean roar, Cas jumped to the balls of his feet and quickly ran to hide.
<3<3Roo
Dean stood from his crouch in front of Cas to turn his back to the crowd. He raised his arms over his head with his hands clasped together. He took a step back so that he was straddling Cas's lap putting his ass about a foot from his face. Dean let the music begin moving his body. He knew he looked good with the muscles of his back oiled and flexing.
**********
Bobby had told them his story: while on earth he had been married to Karen, a lovely omega who had died from cancer. They had been reunited when he passed (accidentally shot in the head on a hunting trip) but the omega was only waiting to let him know that she loved him, but she was leaving heaven. If approved, there were instances where souls who were not going to become full-on angels could go on to a resting place. It was a state of suspension of an eternal sleep that was only broken if Heaven were attacked. Karen was so very tired and while it had broken Bobby's heart,  he didn't argue with her, since he wanted his lover to be happy and at peace. She had assured him that she wasn't upset that he had been chosen to be an angel while she hadn't, and she wished him happiness and love before she left.
He mentally rolled his eyes and cleared his throat. Immediately, the room was silent. “Alphas, welcome to Novak Castle. If we have not been properly introduced, I am Prince Castiel, Duke Novak, youngest sibling of His Majesty. After these doors are opened, the only rule I ask you to follow, is to be polite to the omegas and do not touch them in any way unless you are invited or you have successfully won a claim. Do I make myself clear?”
“Well, Michael said that she could stay with my brother, who is very close to Emmie, and your brother. We will be able to see her each day for a few moments at a time, yeah? I mean, Michael said that Sam’s home is close to yours?”
Dean was tickled that, even not knowing exactly what was going on, he and his omega were equally ready to hear their vows and mate.
“Thanks, Sam.”
"Hell, yeah." He whispered before he started to sing to his soon-to-be-bitten soulmate.
“Now, Dean, if you don’t mind, I would very much like to ride that knot. Please, Alpha.”
Realizing his mistake, the other alpha quickly put down the book he had been reading and stood up. “Forgive me, Your Royal Highness, I meant no disrespect, of course.”
"I got it. I promised."
**********
After the last had exited, he followed the group, pleased that he had made his point. Traditionally, hosts didn't have any say in how their guests acted at Meets, but damned if he was going to witness any of that nonsense while he was hosting. Being the brother of the king would allow him to get away with it, he thought. His home, his rules. He certainly doubted that anyone would complain to Michael.
Trailing his tongue in patterns, Dean moved from one thigh to the other trying to clean all the slick from his mate, but Cas' arousal made it impossible to keep up with it. Fuck, Dean couldn’t believe he was lucky enough to get this for the rest of his life. He made a mental note to be safer, so that it was a long and happy one together.
Cas had always loved Dean’s scent of leather and lightning. Being surrounded in it, nestled in his memory foam bed, was one of the best and worst things he had ever experienced. He just really wanted the scent to be coming from the alpha himself, right now.
“Yes, Cas. Don't worry about me. You be happy and don’t let our girl forget her Auntie.”
Green eyes regarded blue ones. “Yes?”
“Now it is time for Castiel to place his bite on his alpha. I see that his hand has marked you, Dean, but you need to place your bite on his neck, Castiel.”
“But what, Cas?”
Prince Castiel stood alone in the atrium. At any moment, the alphas waiting outside would be escorted here where he would lead them out the glass doors onto the lawn. He was relieved that proper etiquette was suspended for the duration of an AO Meet, because he really didn't want to hear any of them talking about…well, anything, really, but he didn't want to listen to them talk about omegas or mating or knotting… Alphas turned very earthy while ruminating about mating, and Castiel did not enjoy lewdness or even bawdy behavior. His brothers poked fun at him for being a prude, but he couldn’t help his nature. Gabriel figured he was missing a few alpha bits of his brain. Maybe he was right.
“Yes...thank...thank you.”
“Yeah, absolutely.”
"Ladies and Gentlemen. We are going to witness history in the making once again tonight. Relax, enjoy, and please remember no touching, other than what the Alphas encourage...just look. Now, I present to you The Alpha Review."
Cas really wasn't looking forward to dying soon.
“Charlie.”
Cas hugged him tighter. “What? No, Dean, never. Never, will I leave you.” He couldn’t see the man’s face, but he could scent some tears. He slowly walked them over to the love seat, climbed into his lap and purred to reassure him of his presence.
As his nose started tickling at the smell of slick, he felt Cas nuzzling his face deeper into his neck. What was his mate dreaming about? The evidence of his arousal was definitely waking up the alpha’s cock. He pulled back to be able to see his mate’s face and watched as his eyelids twitched as he dreamed. Dean slid his hand down the omega’s side gently, slowly trailing it over his hip and around to cup his ass. The action got a low moan from the younger man but it wasn’t enough to wake him. Hmm...he’d have to try harder. Ha! He mentally snorted to himself.
“I’ve changed my mind.” Castiel announced.
"Alright then."
Remember to never ask your mate to be more than who they are, to have patience with each other, and to love and forgive each other.
“I’m almost home, Baby. Hold on.”
He stripped off his clothes before pulling the robe over his head. It was the only thing he was allowed to wear to the ritual. It was the softest thing he had ever felt against his skin including when he and Sammy used to go skinny dipping in the clouds when they were youths. The robe was as white as clouds to announce to the Omegas that he was pure, with a dark green band around the bottom showing he would be a Virtue with his specialty being the seasons of the Earth.
The lights came on and the music got louder and finally broke out of the loop it was in. Cas could see Dean was wearing tight blue jeans, cowboy boots and hat. Along with his necklace that he had noticed on the Alpha earlier. He couldn't help but trace the tattoo of the yin and yang with his finger, smiling at Dean as the Alphas sat on the chairs, leaving him and the other club goers standing in front of them.
“Wait,” Sam said. He ran back down the stairs, leaving Eileen confused. A few seconds later he reappeared with his own small box. Eileen’s jaw dropped. Sam opened the box, revealing a ring. Eileen nearly fell over, her hand over her mouth.
15x12 “The Gamblers”- No edits. So Jack is a murder suspect now big surprise, Cas Jack reunionnnn!!!! Sam and Dean go to Alaska to figure out how to be less lactose intolerant via Fortuna. Great episode.
I will be sticking to the 20 episode format and will be considering events such a COVID filming to work around as if I were the actual team. These are merely summaries. I may write full scripts later in this series, each getting their own chapter. These are just tweaks and ideas to make season 15 have more narrative sense and to use time more efficiently.
15x06 “Golden Time”- Sam and Eileen reunion, Rowena’s apartment. Sam v evil witches. Grumpy Dean and ACAB Cas all stay. The kidnapped teenager in Cas’s story could remain the same or be Max or Elliot or even their friend that hates clowns; maybe the Lebanon kids come to Cas for help. It would be nice to see them again as they don’t really fit in the 20 episode format. We see that Cas is combing through files that may be related to Jack.
“Eventually. I’m going to be with Dean and Cas, and my mom,” Jack said. “I’ll tell them you said hi. Time is different in Heaven… so it won’t be too long for us.”
15x09 “The Trap” It’s the exact same but Dean has a line mentioning Emma bc she existed and it’s shitty that they didn’t mention her in this episode. Dean is wondering if he’ll see her but he doesn’t, because she’s actually moved on from Purgaytory, giving us a hint into the dynamics of this realm we didn’t know before. Dean’s speech to Cas is lovely. Eileen and Sam’s scenes are great, as well as their first kiss, so that all stays the same. Generally a well done episode.
15x10 “Drag Me Away (From You)”-  It’s been a few months since the last episode when Sam catches a case. Max Banes was taped at the death of a promient corrupt politician. Sam rushes off, determined to save Max, not telling Dean and Cas because he’s worried about how they’ll react. When he arrives at Max’s home in Canada, Alicia Banes answers the door! (Keep in mind, Alicia is dead for all Sam knows) And guess who else is there? Eileen Leahy, talking to Alicia, trying to figure out if Max killed the politican. Sam tries to stop the hint that Alicia is dead, which Alicia is very confused by bc she doesn’t know she’s dead lmao. Max shows up and gets super angry, is all like: HOW DARE YOU THINK I DID THAT! Sam relates to Max and tries to talk him down, but Max kicks them out. Meanwhile, Dean and Cas are busting annoying demons in Hell together like husbands to help Rowena out. Dean, Eileen, Alicia contrast with Cas, Sam, and Max. Finally, Sam and Max have a fight where Max confesses the truth, that he’s been killing bad people to keep Alicia alive, because she’s his sister and he can’t let her go. Sam reassures Max and there’s a very sad scene where Sam is like: She’s happier if you let her go, because she wants you to be happy. Alicia isn’t real. What we have here is real, and that’s what matters. No matter the pain, no matter how hard it is, reality is better than living in a dream. Alicia is finally able to rest. Max is forgiven, and he destroys the ring (evil magic). Dean and Cas, meanwhile, are facing off against Lilith, who is trying to take back Hell. Cas finally kills her and we’re all happy, and Cas is like: Bruh we’re real lmao, why can’t you see that? And Dean is like: Smh bro brother buddy bro. Sam and Eileen are all quiet together. There’s not much said, but Eileen rests her head on his shoulder and is like: You seem so sure of what’s real and what’s not. And Sam’s like: I’ve had PTSD for years. My parents had a sham marriage. I’ve seen other realities. I’ve been destined to be this hero, but that’s not really who I am. I know what’s real, and what’s real is that I just want to be happy. I want to be with you, no matter the risk we’re taking. But if you’re not happy, I don’t want to make you feel like you have to stay. And Eileen goes like: I want to stay. And it’s super fucking cute. The End.
