The female alpha’s hair was pulled back and away from her face, blonde locks tight against her scalp. Despite her confident posture and attempted power pose, she still managed to appear entirely uncomfortable in the situation. Her frown was set deep, glare distant and unfocused. Although she had clearly masked the full potency of her scent, the omega didn’t miss the waft of fermenting citrus, which was brought in further by the breeze. Very clearly, the young alpha wasn’t too happy about her position. Even before he knew
Now, what he
much. Well, maybe just a little.”
Dean, on the other hand, grins almost manically. Castiel, who is looking down, misses the change in expression.
EMPTY!CAS
Not long after his aborted attempt at force-feeding himself— formerly known as “dinner”— Cas opted to head to bed early. It hadn’t been an easy decision to make; he was consciously sacrificing time spent with Dean that
“He, uh, should be here any second. He had to change,” Dean said.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - INFIRMARY - CONTINUOUS
“Of course,” Castiel said, once more holding back laughter. “I’m basically unstoppable.”
Dean was utterly taken aback. Castiel sounded so goddamn upset. Since when did he take pity on
Dean nodded. “Oh,” he muttered. “Makes sense.”
“Okay,” Dean muttered. “You’re probably gonna want to disconnect on me right here, but it has to do with Bobby’s lore.”
Dean took a deep breath, presumably grounding himself. “So,” he said. “Should I order us something? Milkshakes? Oh, and I’m sorry for being late, man. I just came from my work-study job. Please don’t tell Charlie.”
— so, now there were
, would have any effect on you?” Dean said.
(staring out the window, intent)
Sets aside the bottle, shifts ONTO HIS KNEES-- time for morning prayer.
“Yeah. Seriously, I thought you’d kick me out or something,” Dean said.
, if you wish. That’s so long as you actually leave, of course. And don’t ever return.”
“Um, Dean?”
With a hard huff, Castiel found himself slouching forward. This was just tiring. “That would be me,” he said, and the alpha’s expression turned curious, her brow cocked. “I take it you’re another… suitor?”
"Yeah, me too. Thanks, Cas," Dean says before slipping back into the crowd.
"Thought I'd be waiting a whole lot longer. Had a snack prepared and everything." The girl pauses, appearing to assess Dean. "The name's Meg, by the way. Meg Masters."
Cas was making burgers; Dean’s favourite. Definitely not romantic, but the plan at that moment was to do something that would make Dean happy. Cas wanted to express his feelings for Dean, but without Dean knowing. He felt that he was going about the right path.
And why would I just hand over my most prized possession, hm? I worked so very hard to earn him, you know.
Oh. Well, in that case, I would appreciate it if you continued... being stupid.
No letter.
Dean smiles. “Great. The drive’s not too long, so don’t get too comfy.”
Reveal a WOODEN DESK. On top, an old-school register and an off-kilter STACK OF HARDCOVER BOOKS. On the floor, a dead houseplant. At the register, a half-asleep TEEN GIRL-- MACIE, via her name tag.
Gabriel pulled away, and it was clear he was hesitant to do so. “Damn it, Cas…” He huffed. “
(holding tight)
Dean chuckled. “He’s worried about me, I think. I doubt he believes a word of what I told him. Maybe it’s for the best. I mean, he’d probably be more worried if he did believe me, y’know? Probably wouldn’t be a fan of me deciding to potentially risk my life on a regular basis.”
“Huh. I didn’t mention Sammy? Fuckin’ hell. Must’ve been more sidetracked than I’d realized.” Dean shrugged. “Well, anyway, he and his mate are gonna be coming around sometime soon, probably. At least, according to his last letter. Couldn’t give me an actual date, though.”
“And your father?”
Early on, Castiel had been uncomfortable knowing what a short distance lie between him and his father. Now, however, he was grateful.
to know that.
Jimmy snorted.
had adapted to forced excursions, but he wasn’t just going to expect that from everyone.
However, Cas’s eyes fly upwards a moment later. Gabriel isn’t the figure looming before him.
The young man spent a moment looking around. His gaze immediately drifted to the pool tables, but he remembered what Bobby had said. If he caught Dean gambling, the outcome wouldn’t be pretty. He peered over toward the bar. Maybe he could scope out a potential one night stand. Not that Bobby would be happy, but he had never explicitly said no.
“It was me.”
“I apologize, but what are you trying to get at?”
“So,” Dean said. “You wanna… finally put a label on this? Or we could just go with it - whatever you want.”
“Okay, so I get why you’re shocked,” Dean said. He took a few steps closer to the other man, taking Castiel’s clammy hands in his own. “But until that hunter is gone, I’m staying here, got it? I’ll call in sick from work, you should probably do the same. Better to risk your job than your life. Got it?”
Dean let out what could only be read as a sigh of massive relief. “Thank god. I lied. I was hoping you’d say that.”
Thankfully, Dean’s expression quickly softened. “That all? So, like, you’re a guy who’s trans? Okay. Not a problem.”
COMPOSURE GONE at a moment's notice, Dean swipes the unopened beer. He STANDS, takes a swig, reaches for the whiskey bottle, and--
No. I don't think I want that. Not anymore.
Dean smirked. “Yeah, a party. So, what? You wanna join in?”
“You say that as if agoraphobia isn’t a factor here.”
Dean was quiet for a moment. He had been planning this for days, and he still couldn’t believe what he was about to do.
Jack, what... I thought you weren't going to be coming home?
Dark, unruly hair meshed with tanned skin. He wore a heavy tan trenchcoat, which Dean was sure didn’t do his body any justice. His eyes - shit, his eyes. They were a deep blue. They-
Aw, so polite all of a sudden. Now, I think
Dean smirks. “Hey, man, no need to thank me.”
Castiel was frowning slightly, now.
“Not much, brother,” Benny said, taking a seat on the ground by Castiel and Dean.
Clark approaches the desk.
(being squeezed by Cas)
Castiel hung his head back and let out a frustrated groan. “What is there not to follow? I have a ridiculous crush on you. Why are you even making me say it? It’s embarrassing, Dean,” he muttered.
Dean smirked. “My name. It’s Dean.” Castiel smiled in return. It was a weak smile. There were deep bags under his eyes, as well. Actually, Dean swore he could feel waves of stress coming off of the guy.
“So, it’s getting close to 5:30. We heading out soon?” Dean asked, taking note for the first time that Castiel was shorter than him. By a couple of inches at most, but still.
Dean looks away from a moment, pained to see Cas like this. “He told me about your feelings for m-”
Dean attempts to brush it off. “It’s just easier than ‘Castiel’ all the time, okay? Nothing else has changed, okay? I date the kid for a week, we break up, everything’s over.”
“Does this have anything to do with you being cast from Heaven?”
Dean furrowed his brows. “Hm?”
Pajama-clad, Eileen sips hot tea-- bleary, tired. Unable to sleep. Miracle snoozes at her feet.
Dean couldn’t help but crack a smile. “So, ah, I went on a walk with Castiel. We… we ran into a few demons.”
Her. Was Dean not out to his family, or was Sam purely making assumptions based upon Castiel’s new nickname?
Cas nodded. He had never been more sure in his life.
Charlie let out an audible sigh. “That’s good, then. Sorry, Dean. Didn’t mean to give anything away before you’re ready.”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Um, so, what’s up with the shots? Since you’re workin’ a job, I mean.”
One day, when Dean was sixteen, he found himself lounging in the family room of his Lawrence home. Sam sat across from him, immersed in some novel that was almost definitely above a twelve year old's reading level. Dean was fidgeting on the couch, trying to get comfortable.
(to self)
Maybe he's just making a special exception, who knows. The holy family discount.
? Since now, apparently. Goddamn it. Then again, maybe it wasn’t entirely pity. Castiel just seemed so genuine, for the first time. As if everything prior had been a facade, albeit an unintentional one.
The foyer fell silent.
Castiel, on the other hand, looked like he was about to pounce. In fact, Dean was able to clearly read Castiel’s features. That wasn’t exactly a common phenomenon. What he saw surprised him: intense anger mixed with intense concentration. Dean had never seen Castiel angry before. Of course, there was the fact that they’d only known each other for a day.
So, you went and fucking befriended a
Dean nodded to himself and, for the first time, focused in on Castiel. The angel sat across from him, perfectly still.
didn’t expect was to find a fiery-eyed Castiel at his doorstep.
(then)
A smile spread across Castiel’s face. “Thank you, Dean.”
Yeah, sorry, not gonna just give up the trade secrets.
How much
At least the crack in their plan had taken on an interesting shape.
He stopped speaking instantly as the woman’s brown eyes decided to try on something new for size. They flashed to black.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean called out after he’d relaxed, returning his physical attention back to the lightly thrashing man. “You kinda forgot to tell him the best part.”
Castiel’s face lit up. “Thank you,” he said simply.
What--
hungry, okay?
Why are all these pages just... blank?
Castiel swore he could see what looked like distress in Dean’s eyes, despite the dimly lit room. “No,” Castiel said. “I’m sure our… “thing” will continue to work. Tonight is an outlier, probably.”
Wow. Sorry. Uh, we can talk it over later, if you want. Just thought I'd throw the idea out there. Still need to run it by Dean.
capable of handling the situation, Cas made sure to keep his voice level. Steady and
Dean offers a wide smile in return. “Morning, Cas,” he starts. “Hey, I was just startin’ breakfast.”
“Cas,” Dean grunted, side-eyeing Cas from over his shoulder. “What the hell is in the freezer?”
“Okay, I’m sorry for belittling such an important debate.”
Dean still hadn’t seen her since their encounter months ago. All the same, the knowledge she had and her obvious connection to Cas bothered Dean from the inside out. Occasionally, the realization would slip quietly into his mind, leaving him unable to speak to anyone but Cas for hours.
Castiel grunted in acknowledgment. “Well, whatever it is, you’re free to ask. I’m past holding curiosity against you. I can’t say I really have the energy for that, anymore.”
Dude, I’m actually glad that you didn’t tell me to knock it off. Feel totally free to at any time, though. I don't know what you have going on today, so I guess I don’t really know what to say. Shit. I guess I could let you know that you saved me, Cas. I wasn’t in a good place when I met you, and now I am, so I’m going to chalk that one up to causation. Thanks for that, man.
There was a brief silence, before Castiel felt Jimmy’s hand leave his back. “Really? That’s great! I told you applying to college would be a good idea. See, just one school. Like I said. That’s all it would take. I knew you’d get in. I--”
At last, Chuck swiveled around, shrinking into himself. Dean truly was a master at bone-chilling stares. His horns were aimed at Castiel’s father, an inadvertent yet no less deadly threat.
Castiel sighed. “I mean it, Dean. Why? You probably hate me, considering how many times now I’ve messed up,” he said.
Summer shook her head. “No. I live alone. I
Sure, come on in.
Dean shook his head. “No. No, Cas, you should have told me. Who is it?” He knew he was a hypocrite for asking, but Dean was having trouble thinking straight. In more ways than one.
Bobby’s gaze returned to his book. “Sure. Just stay sober. I ain’t coming down to pick you up.”
Ellen smiled. “I’m glad you two are happy together. Assumin’ this isn’t too invasive, what knocked some sense into you? What finally gotcha to acknowledge the fact that you were head over heels?”
--together, they EXIT THE EMPTY. Angel blade abandoned. The portal fades, and the Shadow is left, awake, in its own silent despair, until we-- SMASH TO BLACK!
Finally, Dean spoke up. “I thought that since, y’know, I never got you a proper engagement ring, now would be a good time. Happy anniversary.”
been expecting the alpha to tell him. That he’d left a scrap of food in the bed, and it had since been colonized by construction-savvy spiders on their way to raising a new civilization, maybe?
“My name’s Summer,” she said slowly. “Thanks… for saving me. I don’t know how long that
Dean chuckled, leaning his forehead against the other boy’s. “Nope. Just for you,” he said.
(then, softer)
With a final nuzzle of the alpha’s cheek, Castiel pulled away. “You’re probably right.” He hesitated. “Oh, and Dean?”
Alfred let out a weak chuckle. "We should talk in the kitchen," he suggested.
Hello, everyone! Oh, sorry about the bed. I... miscalculated the landing. Just a bit.
Dean tries to flee, Eileen GRABS him.
“It doesn’t matter Dean. I am sorry. I respect what you are saying, and that you made an attempt to tell me, but it should not have been after Meg already has.”
Castiel’s smile turned toothy. Great, he was doomed.
EILEEN
Castiel nodded. “Yes, Dean. That sounds good.” Maybe it was for the best, minimizing their time as “couple."
“Along where?”
The fading traces of daylight framed Dean from behind, the tousled tips of his hair glowing like a field of candlelight. Pair that with his corpse-worthy dark circles, and there you had it: the duality of Winchester. The very essences of life and death, all bundled up into the appearance of one man. One man who sure as hell hadn’t been prioritizing sleep, lately.
his oh-so stubborn will to live.
“Dean,” Mary said after she’d cooled down. Her voice was shaking. “Bobby didn’t need to tell me anything.”
Castiel shook his head, wiping his eyes.
Oh, Jack. Did you surrender Chuck's powers?
“Leave,” Castiel commanded, exhilaration wracking his body as he stood upright. He had never felt so powerful in his life, and admittedly, it was invigorating. His very
The girl was already at his side as Dean reached for the machete, pulling it out of the car. He turned to face the vampire, only to see that her eyes had gone wide.
EMPTY!CAS
“Dean, you there?”
“Something wrong?” Dean asked, squeezing Castiel’s sweaty palms.
Elvis.
The drive into the city wasn’t particularly long. Still, Dean spent it tapping his fingers on the steering wheel to the tune of AC/DC, which he had leaking through the Impala’s speakers.
Castiel froze.
Dean nodded. “Uh, yeah.” He turned to Alfred. “It was… nice talking to you, man.” Dean didn’t know if “nice” was the most appropriate word. “Fucking confusing” may have been more accurate.
at deception and appearances. That
(then)
Oh, can we hurry this cheese along? You're almost there, just get out those pretty little words, so that I can feel fully satisfied as I tear you parasites apart... again.
(shaking Cas)
CLARK (O.S.)
(to Cas)
Dean massaged his forehead and chuckled. "Okay," he  said. “So, let me get this straight. You’re trying to tell me that you’re an angel, cast from Heaven, who picked me up just ‘cause I had even a remnant of hunting knowledge? Why did you pick me, anyway? Why not a more experienced hunter?”
The knocking came to a halt. A moment of silence passed before the door started to budge open. After what was likely an eon, Dean could see Castiel fully on the opposite side.
“I spilled tea on my bed.”
Dean lolled his head back and sighed contently. “Jesus, I am so glad I got that out.” He looked back at Castiel. “I remember when you came out to me. What were we, fourteen? You seemed pretty damn confident, I still remember. Beat me in that category.”
Dean shook his head. “Uh, yeah, Sammy. I’m here.”
“Okay, I’ll take that as a yes. Just warning you now, man, it’s not gonna work. My mom is probably going to want you gone ten times as much as Bobby does.”
Something that was real out of the ordinary for him, it turns out.
Finally letting his eyes slide closed, Castiel hunched further over his knees, which he’d since gathered against his chest. The wind whistled in his ear, continuing to cut into his bones. He waited for the inevitable, and—
Dean is silent.
From the corner of his eye, Castiel could see Dean’s eyes go wide.
The omega watched her straighten out, yet again, before swallowing. Claire’s arms lay flat along her sides, gloved fists clenched.
handle this, and he had.
It most certainly was.
The house checked out. Every nook was surveyed. Dean even tried provoking Elizabeth’s ghost shortly into the inspection.
“You’re a hunter?”
to be spendin’ the holidays in Cali, and I go and see him shoveling snow. Like, just a minute ago. I dunno. I just kinda assumed his flight was cancelled, considering the storm. Makes sense, right? So, I thought, why not just invite him over here? Maybe he’ll quit acting like a dick all of the time.”
(then)
“Step to the side of the road, Cas,” Dean said. He didn’t know why he was speaking to the man as if he were a child.
I see where the name comes from, then.
Dean sighed. “Listen, Cas. I’m not gonna evict you. And I guess I’ll run with those whole angel thing. Don’t know if I believe it - pretty sure I don’t, actually - but I’m gonna go with my gut.”
idea. It’ll be exciting, even! We’ll find an alpha truly worthy of Hereafterian royalty— they’re really gonna have to prove themselves, no joke. I’m sure you’ll manage just fine for a few days in the Infernal King’s captivity, no? You’re a strong boy, after all. Someone’ll rescue you soon enough, however, so I wouldn’t worry about it
“It’s not a problem,” Castiel responded.
alphas went. Compared to those Castiel had previously had the displeasure of knowing, the alpha demon was a dream come to life. The omega could only hold out hope that little to none of that image was a meticulously pre-tailored facade, meant to lull Castiel into a false sense of security. Frankly, he’d already dealt with enough manipulation to last his lifetime.
And at the end of the day, Dean
And, as a
Yet, whenever there was an available window in Dean’s schedule:
As Dean began to pull away, he heard the squealing.
The smoke faded, and the woman the demon had been possessing fell to the ground with a
“What, is he a homophobe or something, then?” Dean sounds honestly concerned.
CASTIEL
“We need to return to your car, first. We already have more than enough salt, although some iron may be helpful.”
Dean nodded. “Yeah, yeah. Sounds like a plan.”
“Cas…”
! Oh, and now you think I'm just going to let you free, don't you?! Idiot! You're both
Castiel simply nodded. “Yes. I apologize. It was nice talking to you, Dean.”
Let's just be grateful that Sam didn't total your car, in the process.
“I’m pretty freakin’ sure you could get away from me before I got a jab at you. Is that some kinda angel mojo too? Is that why you were so dead-set on taking my car? ‘Cause I’m starting to bet you don’t use one.”
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel said, still facing the doorway. “I understand if you don’t want to speak to me for a while. Or forever.”
Well, for
Alfred swallowed hard. "Would a lock of hair anchor her?"
Dean chuckled.
Castiel turns to his locker, giving him a moment to get any physical signs of exhilaration under control. He pulls out a notebook, ripping out a blank page. Castiel turns back around to see Dean holding out a pen.
“Great. Wonderful. And, hey, I ain’t any happier about this situation than you are. Still, torturing and slaughtering? Yeah, not really my go-to stress relievers… anymore.” Dean paused. “So, uh, lucky you, I guess.”
: I can't do this without him, kid. You gotta know that by now. You gotta...
“His neighbor,” Sam said. He turned toward his brother. “Who, last time I checked, Dean couldn’t stand.”
Castiel mewled into Dean’s open mouth as the alpha pressed into him. He lay flat on his back; Dean had insisted upon the position, pupils nearly blown to the point of flooding his darkened sclera. Still, the alpha’s voice had tempered to a warm hum, each word seeming to coddle the omega as much as his mate’s own body. Castiel found himself soothed by the stream of praise, somehow, despite his inability to even process what was being said.
“Room 124,” Castiel said, pointing straight down from where they stood.
EMPTY!CAS
“We’ve still got just under ten minutes,” Dean commented. “Mom sure jumped the gun on that one.”
The girl opened her mouth, and dozens of fangs grew inside.
Chuck doubled over, drawing a half-hearted gasp from Michael, as well as a “Fucking
Dean chuckled. “Except, you know that’s not true. If there’s something wrong, you know I wanna do what I can to fix it. Especially if it has something to do with me, which is the vibe I’m gettin’ here.”
“Yeah, sorry, Bobby. But that’s not what I wanted to tell you,” Dean said with a feeble grin. He was losing strength by the second.
Are we just forgetting that God is a toddler?
The wind picked up just a bit, and Castiel scooted away from the chill and somehow closer to the alpha demon, despite the already infinitesimal space left between them.
More laughter from Sam. “Hardly, but I’ll take it. So you think you’re gonna call Mom?”
The kiss was chaste; nothing more than a peck, lasting a solid four seconds.
Castiel appears on the verge of an anxiety attack, so Dean speaks quickly. “Dude, I’m glad he told me what he did. It was actually pretty comforting.”
Castiel had briefly seen Dean, sans hood, the previous night. Of course, he’d been so desperate for rest that he hadn’t exactly considered much outside of his own immediate needs. He
Amen.
“I swear to god, Dean Winchester, you are a menace.”
“Awesome. Thanks, Dad. I owe you one.”
been. Turns out, the Mark had some kinda fucked up fail-safes against that sorta thing. Brought me back to life, only… not as a human. Guess it read the room and thought
Hey, there they are! Just ahead!
Castiel huffed and shook his head. “Of course it’s relevant. I just… never mind. I suppose you don’t need to tell me who you’re in love with if you don’t want to.”
Wait. Nothing I say is going to stop you from doing this, right?
“Oh,” Cas mutters, fixing the problem. “There.”
Not in so many words, but yeah. Many times. That's a threat, by the way.
Dean’s mouth only hung open.
Maybe later.
Shit. If she was the only demon to have followed Dean, that meant Castiel had been bombarded by three.
It took Dean a while to fall to sleep that night. In part due to his generous nap, but mainly the result of his conversations with Bobby and Mary.
(then)
"Dean," Cas says again, even softer this time.
It took a couple of minutes for the door to open, and Dean had been preparing to leave and try again later. When Castiel had appeared, however, he’d been covered in green paint. For approximately three seconds, Dean thought it was sort of cute.
“Uh, yeah,” Dean said. He was the one plucking at grass, now. “We were.”
(then)
Castiel waited until Dean had started the car to reply. “Yes,” he said. “But I’m sure that you already knew that.”
Gathered 'round the map table are Sam and Eileen, joined by CLAIRE and KAIA-- for artillery. Waiting, tensions high, trying to occupy themselves. Antsy as hell.
A damn good question.
Castiel shook his head. “Well, I know for a fact that Mom didn’t say much. You realize how upset you made her, right? She can barely talk without crying. Did you even consider the consequences this would have on everyone around you? You should have--”
(then)
Not like I haven't earned it. Fair play, I guess.
“How many times do I have to tell you?” Bobby practically growled, looking up at Dean. “It ain’t real. All fiction. Woulda never told you any of it if I’d known you’d obsess like this.”
“Also awesome. How long do we keep on this road?” Dean asked.
Castiel turned, only to see his father sitting back, grinning manically in the front row. The omega could no longer contain a sneer, as it finally pushed to the surface.
Then Dean was kissing him. Nothing like the subtle peck on the lips from earlier; this kiss was passionate, desperate even. As if they’ve been building up to that moment their entire lives.
“Hop in, babe,” Dean calls, although Cas is already halfway across his front yard.
He held back a snort at the thought. Well, it seemed he’d just have to begin taking pride in his role as… royal yet maggot-laced piece of late-season produce.
Or ever, for the matter. Totally unlikely, if not impossible.
Hands shaking, Castiel opened his mouth to speak. That attempt failed.
And the group FILTERS OUT. Cas lingers.
under his care, after all.”
The alpha huffed. “Yeah, well, that’s kinda my point. ‘Popular belief’ about me ain’t exactly all that reassuring. So, how’d that asshole know I wasn’t just gonna gank you on the spot? That I wasn’t just gonna hurt you? Huh? Why the hell would he just sacrifice you like that— just so you could find a
They’d have plenty of time to slow down, later.
"Alfred," Castiel said, gentle tone contrasting Dean's rough one. "Where do you keep this lock of hair?"
As the boy disappears down the hallway, Dean lets out what almost sounds like a sigh of relief.
He threw on his jacket before stepping outside. It had started to snow again. He peered to his right, only to discover the Castiel was still there, shoveling snow from his driveway. He hadn’t made much progress.
tell me it's for "exercise", Dean Winchester, or so help me.
“Yes.” Cas pauses. “I would like to speak to you alone, however.”
Sam chuckles, a tragic humor in the absurdity.
The omega stood stock straight as his father approached. Even from down the hall, Chuck’s standard grin-snarl was clear.
Claire yanked her girlfriend inside, throwing the door shut. While the young alpha clung to Kaia, Gabriel cut in, “Uh, mind explaining who
“Good,” Castiel said. “Follow me.”
Well, sadly, you can't. Really doubt anyone can, at this point.
Maybe this wasn’t going to be so bad, after all.
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose. “Yes, Cas, question. Did this have anything to do with you being cast from Heaven?”
“Are you an idiot? How was that even worth it? I’m surprised he didn’t choose to press criminal charges. You’re aware that assault it illegal, right?”
Cas sat on the couch, resting his cast-bound leg on the coffee table. He sighed.
Castiel gulps. “When?” he stammers, dizziness taking over. What the hell is even happening?
To his relief, he was quickly able to gauge his general location within the estate: the ground floor, apparently. Through the narrow, stone-lined windows spanning the halls, Castiel managed a good look at the snow-drenched lawn and mouth of the forest. Interestingly enough, much unlike what he was accustomed to, the interior architecture was hardly uniform. Each window was
They stumble. Miracle startles, retreats back into the kitchen.
Uncle Bobby’s told stories of monsters, creatures, ghosts. The best part? Some were even told in first person, as if Bobby were really the one who had encountered these beings. It only heightened Dean’s belief in the tales.
“Actually,” Charlie added. “In your case, public displays of affection are
Isn't that right, Jack?
A single, tablecloth-deficient table sat against the back wall, holding the same wines that were most negatively received at Chuck’s last party.
(with trepidation)
Dean stared at the girl, wide-eyed, while Alfred only huffed. "You'll have to excuse Cassidy," he said. "She was never able to accept my remarriage after her mother's passing."
Maybe Dean would even tell Cas that he had a girlfriend.
“Dean?”
was incredible. A hero, even.
Oh, and an audience takeaway? The more untrained the ‘actor,’ the better.
They detangle, stand.
For a moment, Castiel could only blink. “You like me? I know you like me. We’re best friends,” he said.
“Dean, please, listen-”
He turned quickly toward the entrance to the kitchen. Castiel did the same. Standing there was Mary, hands covering her mouth, eyes bright. Charlie stood beside her, smiling as if she’d just witnessed a miracle. Which she really had, essentially.
“Where’d Mike and Luc go, then?” Gabriel questioned.
“Cas, um,” Dean whispers. “Everything okay?”
As he was finishing up setting the table - which, they typically did not eat at - Cas heard the door to their apartment swing open. He hesitated for a moment, a faint grin forming on his face. He quickly flitted across the kitchen to finish preparing the cooked burgers. As he was doing so, Dean appeared at the archway leading into their kitchen.
“I doubt Castiel’s even told you who he is!” the demon blurted. Another scream rang out in the background.
“Yeah, I am.” Although, frankly, Cas wasn’t so sure anymore. He certainly didn’t
Thankfully, Chuck seemed blissfully unaware of the venom sheathing Dean’s words. “Interesting, interesting. So, you aided my son and Dame Novak, here?”
Sometimes Castiel didn’t understand why he was so pliable to Charlie’s schemes, no matter how wildly far outside of his comfort zone they were.
Dean was holding his hand. Not that Dean hadn't grabbed his hand in the past. It just felt so different, given the context.
Apparently, the kid who worked closing the other night accepted a damn truck full of some obscure cult paperbacks-- a truck full,
“Take a left here, and the house is at the end of the cul-de-sac.”
The room Castiel had slept in was on the cozier side; certainly, it was smaller than his bedchambers back at home. The ceilings sat low enough that, at barely six feet in height himself, Castiel hardly needed to extend his arm to reach the smooth stone above. There were no windows. Which, admittedly, was growing more and more unsettling, the longer he chose to hyperfixate on that detail. Seriously, Castiel couldn’t determine whether it was a threat or just a simple design flaw.
Alfred looked over his shoulder at his daughter. "This is important, honey."
Today is going to be awful.
, it's me.
The voice - a woman’s voice - began to guide Dean out of the parking lot and onto the road. As he pulled out, he still couldn’t catch sight of Castiel.
Dean jumps as he feels a hand rest on his shoulder. He turns to see Cas, now much closer, a gentler look having returned to his eyes.
Castiel smiled. He did love to be around Dean’s family, far more than his own.
Maybe years of subtly pining had been worth it.
Even the smooth aroma of
“M’Dean. Hey, Cas, you eaten breakfast yet?”
“Dean, run into the trees!” Castiel exclaimed.
“No, Dean, it’s okay. You didn’t scare me. I’m just worried and confused as hell. But I’m sure we’ll figure this out. We always do.”
But, in the end, it was all worth the strain. Definitely,
Yeah, of course. See you, man.
As Dean passed by, he caught sight of a girl. Seemingly unconscious, and lying just inside an alley.
“Not at all,” Cas says, attempting to steady his shaking voice. “I… I enjoyed them enormously, Dean. Is it possible for you to continue?”
Still, with trepidation, he replied. “It’s not anything
Dean shrugged as he turned to leave. He made his way through the house that he had lived in with Bobby since he was eighteen. The same house Dean had visited when he was a kid.
“I’m gonna have to thank Charlie for this,” Dean said, momentarily glancing down at the forgotten remnants of his milkshake. “Seriously, though. You’re great, Cas. And I would, y’know, definitely want to do this again. If you want to, I mean.”
me like this?!
Castiel continued to smile.
“Why would I freak out? Dean, what’s going on?”
They ate their meal in peaceful silence. Cas didn’t even need to block Dean from wandering over to the couch; he must have got the message with the unfamiliar set table.
And what the hell is that supposed to mean, man?!
“Please, come inside.”
(then, is released)
Apparently that’s just not what the universe wants to happen.
But it isn't long before he begins to YELL--
Dean looks to the glass, uncertain.
Some comfortable silence, soaking in each other's company, until--
“Dean?”
Claire had had a small change of heart, thanks to a pseudo offhand suggestion from Kaia. Rather than return to Dreamwälk and attempt to justify their mating, they’d be venturing off on their own. Taking possession over their own lives, which had once been stolen from them. Castiel could not have been more supportive… and maybe just a bit teary, as he pulled them both into crushing hugs.
“Yeah, nice to meet you too.”
“Cas…” Dean said softly. “Listen, man, this isn’t what it looks like. She-”
I don't...
Yeah, no. We're back in Kansas. Gonna need a ride home, though.
“Dean, listen to me carefully. If you’re at all unhappy with this outcome, I’ll go and move my things into a separate chamber right away, so that you have privacy during your rut. No more questions asked. However, if this
the one in a vulnerable mental and physical state. And I
“Yes,” Castiel said. “A friend of mine reached out to me after the recent death of his second wife. By his account, he watched as she was thrown off of a third floor balcony. By what he believes was the ghost of his first wife.”
Hey, Jack? You just taunting me now, or something, buddy?
Dean gasped even louder than he had been previously. The girl laughed. Dean’s mind, on the other hand, had gone from clutter and confusion to
Dean closed his eyes, shielding himself from Castiel’s concerned stare. He didn’t open them as he spoke. “This is gonna sound crazy as all hell, but the lore Bobby would tell me as a kid is real. Don’t know how much of it is real, but in general… it’s real, Mom.”
Castiel sighed. He was logging into his school account. “Telling you would be pointless. There is no chance that this person feels the same way.”
Internally, Dean had become a wreck. Still, Cas didn’t have to know that. It would only cause him more anxiety, as if school wasn’t stressing out the poor kid enough.
Kaia snickered. “I am, I guess. Although you make it sound far more interesting than it really is.” She nuzzled up closer to Claire, and the alpha nuzzled back. “I want to help you guys. Well, if I can. Whatever you need.”
...the awe is contagious.
(returning the toast)
THEN COMES...
He kept his eyes closed for the remainder of the brief, chaste kiss, only opening them when the warm sensation left his mouth.
Castiel was quiet for a moment. “I was having trouble sleeping. I… I probably shouldn’t have woken you. It’s just that you said-”
“Yes,” Castiel said calmly. “I noticed that… that last night I seemed to sleep significantly better in here than in my own room.” He paused. “And I have a headache.”
Castiel.
I'm not what, man? Me? Here to yank you out of the damn void? C'mon, thought
Dean waits at Cas’s locker, a near painful lump in his throat.
like that, far as I can tell. Still have a few boxes to sort through, though. Wait... maybe I shouldn't, in case this is a kinda... Schrödinger's Book situation.
“Here I am, my little angel.” Meg drawls, a simple smirk visible at the corner of her lips.
“Oh,” Dean said, turning his eyes back ahead as he started the Impala. “Guess that makes sense. We heading back to the motel?”
"Yes," Castiel lies. In reality, his mind has drifted back off to the man lying beside him; to his deep laugh as Cas barely manages to slip out an answer, too lost in his daydreams.
“Food not tasting of anything,” Cas corrected. “Although, I guess I don’t have much of an appetite, either. I haven’t eaten since… two days ago, maybe.”
Coraline wished the pair a goodbye as they made their way toward the front door. “Hey, it’s great of you guys to be helping Al out like this. I just thought you should know that. Good luck,” she said.
“Shit, I didn’t scare you, did I? Listen-”
” that Dean proceeded to breathe out. His voice was practically as strained as his scent.
Dean puffed out his cheeks, before sighing. “Fine, okay. You can come with.”
Yeah, like... you'd be in the raindrops, or whatever?
“I didn’t say you did,” Dorothy said. “I’m bi too, you know.”
“Then what’s up?”
“Yeah, Cas?”
But, keeping in trend with himself, he hadn’t acted bravely; consequences considered, it didn’t seem worth it to antagonize his own father. So, rather than simply continue holding his tongue and risk psychically imploding, he’d fled.
Lucifer chuckles. “You’re really that dense? He went on some spiel today to Gabe and I about how hard he has it for you.”
omega mate, who had just been busy doodling on a cloth napkin with his fingertip and some scavenged ink. He was now frozen in his seat. Also squinting, right back. Frowning.
Dean stood just outside the older man’s bedroom. Bobby sat on the edge of his bed, pouring over a newly acquired book on wendigo lore. He looked up at the young man, who wore a small smile.
Weapons drawn, huddled by the base of the stairs. Raring to go.
“Go on, darling.”
As he often did.
"Dude, I don't like Cas like that, I swear." Perfect. Now he's lying. "I was just wondering if we would keep this up for like, maybe a month longer? Like I said, Cas is pretty interesting guy. And it'd be nice to hang out with him for a big longer; y’know, before he inevitably hates me."
“I’ve been dehumanized so often, that sometimes, I think I forget that I even
“Dean,” Castiel said. His friend swallowed. “If you don’t mind me asking, what exactly didn’t you tell me?”
. Actual, honest-to-Jack happiness.
“That is true,” Castiel said. “But we should be leaving now.”
Chuck hummed, squinting at Dean. “Is that so? And you weren’t expecting anything else in return, Sir Campbell? Truly no ulterior motives?”
“No,” Castiel says, “I… I need to confront Dean first. I am sorry.”
Jimmy wore a small smile. “Well, listen up, buddy,” he said. His tone was gentle. “I’m not even gonna ask you what happened. I’m just here to--”
He didn’t even hear the hard patter of approaching footsteps, before his biceps were being grabbed and his limp form was yanked from the seat.
“As I don’t need to tell you who I’m in love with.”
Castiel responded before Dean had a chance to retract what he’d said. “I don’t think you’d like to hear it,” he said softly.
“How could you tell?” Castiel murmured.
just said something that didn’t make any conventional sense. Obviously, Castiel was going to have questions.
mate, or whatever the fuck?”
“Yeah, sure. Sounds like it’ll work.”
(then)
Cas opens his locker, peering around as he usually does. He kneels down to retrieve the letter.
“Meg?” Cas says, voice wavering. Castiel is usually fantastic at keeping his composure; however, he hasn’t found himself shaking this much and this suddenly since his confession to Dean.
XIII.
With a wordless frown, Dean stepped to the side. He gestured for Castiel to enter the room; which, upon direct inspection, appeared to be a kind of woodcarver’s studio. Half-finished furniture projects were scattered about the open room, alongside stacks of planks and the occasional free-roaming metal tool.
” Cas continued, rolling his eyes, “is that it’s very unlikely that you’ll be recognized. No one knows what you even look like, as far as I’m aware.”
EILEEN
Unlike his boyfriend, Dean doesn't even blush. "Cas, I'm not gonna argue with you. But if we're speaking 'beautiful', you're seriously as good as it gets. Like you said, inside and out."
(answering the call)
“So,” the woman continued. “You don’t mind if we… join you for a bit?”
Sam chuckled. “But you had no problem scaring me.”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - KITCHEN - EARLY MORNING
Castiel turned to face Dean once again. “What?”
“Awesome. Let me just grab my duffel from the backseat.”
“Dean,” Castiel said softly. “You have no reason to hunt me.”
Despite Castiel’s empty stomach and the crashing temperature, he refused to leave his garden nook. He wasn’t ready to head back inside, not quite yet.
A very powerful toddler, who cares deeply for your brother, and wouldn't just send him on a doomed rescue mission.
The inside of the witches’ specialty shop wasn’t too much unlike a run-of-the-mill small town bookstore, down to the effortless quirks of its layout. Mismatched shelves lined much of the back wall, creating a rich smattering of varying hues and grain around the secondhand spines. The air smelt faintly of chemical cinnamon, hardly able to overcome the musk of the place. Still, the witchy touches were anything but hidden; a line of tables ran down the center of the shop, covered in plastic-wrapped bundles of herbs, jars of unidentifiable glowing substances, and trendy rose gold altars. Wait, was that… an eyeball?
“Oh, no,” Castiel says with a nervous smile. “I am out to Gabriel.”
Dean lifts his eyebrows. “C’mon, you gotta have something else. Even if you don’t have the time to do it.”
“Yes, Dean?” Cas says softly.
He finds Gabriel in their small living room. “Hey, little bro,” Gabe says with a sheepish grin. “Guess you already ran into Lucy?”
A moment later, Dean can feel a wetness against his neck. He can feel the increase in Cas’s breathing.
That’s when it happened. The moment Dean’s life took a turn he had only dreamt of.
Dean sits upwards. “What the hell, man?”
Sam sighed. “Okay. Well, is it good news to you? I just wanna know what I’m getting into.”
Mary nodded. “Well, it technically only takes one, but I like the company.” She giggled.
“...Hmph?”
Dean heard a scream. He prayed it hadn’t come from Castiel.
"I... I really enjoyed our date yesterday, Dean."
The room went quiet. Neither man averted eye contact, however.
Oh, hush. Would you like to see him or not? You're really testing my patience, here.
Dean drove in silence for thirty minutes, growing progressively more frustrated that he couldn’t play his music. Maybe he should have asked for the map.
No, Dean couldn’t possibly think of him like that. They were friends. Best friends. Nothing more. Dean not being straight meant very little in terms of his attraction to his
“Yeah, whatever, you’re lucky I can’t hunt on my own yet. Anyway, the girl I exorcised. We still need to go back and get her. I’ll-”
? You listening, kiddo?
Cas, who was lost in a trance at that point, simply nodded.
“I was careful.
Dean offers a small smile, hands drifting into his pockets. “So I guess that’s all I wanted to tell you. And seriously, don’t get too pissed at Lucifer over all this. He only wanted to see you happy; and anyway, we needed the closure, right?”
“Wow,” Castiel muttered. “That sounds… complicated. I’m a library science major. Oh, and my last name is Novak.”
Hey. Stop and listen to me. You're doing all you can, okay? Your brother doesn't respond well to... emotional brute force. You can't push him before he's ready. Just be there for him, like I know you already are.
And it was exactly that— bare. Colorless.
The breach itself was uncomfortable, yet it was a far cry from unbearable— a pleasant surprise for Castiel, former virgin. Even at the pain’s peak, it still failed to surpass that of the impromptu mating bite, weeks earlier.
She was certainly quick-witted, Castiel would give her that.
Cas panics for a moment, quickly focusing in on the night sky. "I see..." he mutters. "Orion’s Belt."
(then)
Cas blinked. “I’m not really in the mood for TV, to be honest. I apologize.”
The words slipped out before Castiel could even process what he was saying. He winced and threw his eyes shut after realizing what he had just said. Sure, he had previously considered telling Dean, but he knew the moment the words escaped his lips that he had almost certainly made a mistake.
“Boy, what the hell are you thinking?” Bobby exploded. “Listen, I know you’re a grown adult. Doesn’t mean I’m not gonna try to knock some sense into you! On the other hand, I ain’t here to babysit you, but by the looks of it that’s what you need! You…” He crossed his arms, which had previously been quite active. “You’re actin’ like a goddamn idjit. You have no idea what you’re gettin’ yourself into.”
Hey... still not that old.
“It’s you.”
I suggest taking a looksie right behind you, by the way.
“Goodnight, Dean.”
“He would’ve… Dean would've told me. Why would he tell you, but not me? I… I don’t understand.”
Crammed into Baby-- Sam drives, Eileen rides shotgun. Claire, Kaia, and Miracle in the back. Quiet, but the air is charged, eager.
MACIE
Until, of course, it dawned on him.“Wait, the rest of the family isn’t still in the house, are they?” Dean asked.
When Castiel did decide the pull back, however, he was smiling wide. Dean appeared to be the dazed one, this time.
EXT. ONION FIELD - ROADSIDE - CONTINUOUS
Yeah. Yeah, we did.
“Hey there,” he says, “Decided to come along after all?”
Dean moves quickly toward the locker room exit, attempting to go as unnoticed as possible. Which he succeeds in quite fairly, until he passes through the doorway.
Castiel frowned, stepping forward, albeit tentatively. “Is everything all right?”
Without another word, Dean swings his backpack over his shoulder and rushes out of the locker room. He doesn’t turn to look back.
Castiel was able to pick up on the slight charring in the alpha’s scent. He was… nervous. Which the omega understood, since Dean
with flora. As it turned out, Dean was a devoted plant dad.
Thankfully, the trio collectively restrained themselves from reminding Chuck that
“Okay,” Dean responded. “Listen, if you have any trouble sleeping, feel free to wake me up. Got it?”
(then)
At risk of worrying Charlie and making himself appear even
(carefree)
...walking, calling out for Cas...
The phone rang six times before someone picked up.
(then)
“Oh, uh. Sure, that’s me. I’m Charlie. I was just stopping by, to… check on the moss. Yeah, that’s all,” she said, obviously struggling to reorient her thoughts after the abrupt change in topic. The air was still so heavy, yet Dean seemed entirely unaffected by the pressure. Praise be to the sleepy, oblivious bastard.
Well— only one way to find out.
Right now?
Yeah, Sam. I'll consider it.
“I already have a mate,” Castiel repeated. Finally, he stepped around, giving the suitor at least a limited view of himself. He crouched and brushed back the collar of his linen shirt, exposing the freshly healed mating bite. Another choked gasp.
Castiel and Dean were seated inside the Impala, just yards from the front door to Dean’s childhood home.
“Nah, nothing for me,” Dean replied quickly.
“Woah, woah. So Claire’s got a freakin’ witchily teleporting, dream-crashing mate? Fuck, Cas, she’s got
They take a moment, soak everything in.
Behind Chuck, Castiel watched his co-conspirators begin to stand. The remaining guests looking on in half-interested bewilderment. Dean, however, was already stationed just over Chuck’s shoulder.
“Excuse me,” he mumbled under his breath, quickly pushing his seat back and hopping out. Castiel found himself fleeing in the direction of the foyer.
Another shrug. “If you don’t find it relevant, then neither do I,” Castiel said.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - CONTINUOUS
“Well, ah,” Dean started. “If I’m gonna be honest, we were just testing the waters at first. Weren’t sure if we could transition from friends to a couple. Didn’t want to disappoint anyone if it didn’t work out.”
“Yeah, I’d imagine,” Dean said. “I mean, it’s hard to tell people that I’m bi. So I’d imagine being trans wouldn’t be any different. Or, I mean, it’d be different, but like… also hard.”
Bobby didn’t speak immediately, instead opting to take his time standing up. “Castiel, huh?” he said quietly. “Haven’t heard of him.”
Cas blushed deeply. “I decided it would be best not to discuss my lack of high school relationships. I am sorry that I never talked to you about this in the past.”
EILEEN
Or, maybe he did. Maybe that was the only way Cas could get over Dean.
Not your fault. I didn't realize, either. Not 'till it was too late.
Agreed. It really did take long enough, didn't it?
Now Castiel looked downright
Jack thought that it would help tether me to the Empty. With your... your blood on it, still.
“Who said I was nervous?”
Until they hear the RUMBLE of the Impala--
“You do?” Cas responds, tilting his head just slightly.
“Yeah,” Dean responds, averting his eyes from Cas’s gaze. “Thought Sam would be a safe first bet. My dad… yeah, not exactly. He’s out of town on business, anyway.”
As they stepped out of the Impala, Castiel spoke. “It may be safe for us to split up this time. It all get the job done quicker.”
“I get a sense that you’re more than just that, Dean.”
Sam. He’d have to call Sam, explain to the kid what’s going on. Would he even believe Dean? Probably not. Plus, calling Sam would only add more stress to the boy’s plate, as if getting into law school wasn’t enough. Maybe Dean should hold off on that.
Shit, it couldn’t be, Dean thinks.
“Okay,” Castiel replied. “What is your idea, then?”
He was quick to continue, “The Mark of Cain, it was called. That was the deal I made, to save Sammy. Soon as I had the Mark, I… well, I was still human, but the world sure as hell stopped looking at me that way. Damn thing kinda turned me into a monster, if I’m bein’ honest. And since I wasn’t exactly considered a human anymore, at least
Dean's rage is set to simmer--
“That one.”
Castiel hesitated, before adding, “Besides, if you ever happen to meet the man, then you have my full permission to… do with him whatever you want.”
“Hey guys!” Castiel didn’t need to turn around in order to recognize the voice’s owner. Before he could count to three, Charlie Bradbury was joining their group in the grass. Charlie Bradbury, secretary of the LGBTQA Alliance and Ally Training volunteer.
“My partner… first, let me just tell you, he’d helped me a lot. Probably saved my ass at one point. That’s in his defense.”
Until the trees became utterly indistinguishable, and moonlight was finally able to slip out from between the clouds.
Castiel chuckled. “How very fortunate, seeing as women aren’t really
There was a beat of silence.
And to his dismay, the regulations were solid; once Cas was out of surgery, it was strictly family only. After a brief but vigorous smattering of argument, Dean left in a huff.
“I’m certain she does, Claire. I wouldn’t worry,” Castiel said, letting his features briefly soften.
She was definitely well-endowed.
Right, so, they shouldn't be far from here. Everyone keep a look-out, all right?
As they headed back to the Impala, Dean had two things on his mind.
Despite the obscurity of the cloak, Castiel could see the man stiffen beneath his head-to-toe covering. “I’m your room and board for the indefinite future, it looks like. I mean, that’s kinda what I was told the whole ‘plan’ was, and I don’t exactly see where else you’re gonna be going, at this point.”
Pretty sure I didn't even tell you how I got here, man. Never said it wasn't replicable, did I? If I gotta devote the rest of my damn life to ensuring that yours is a waking nightmare, then so frickin' be it.
who tagged along with us? They’re gonna want an explanation, and I’d rather not look super suspicious, right off the damn bat.”
EXT. ONION FIELD - KANSAS - CONTINUOUS
Thrown over the desk chair... the JACKET MARKED BY CAS'S BLOODY HANDPRINT, unwashed. A critical reminder.
“I suppose so,” Castiel replied as he reached into the pocket of his trenchcoat, pulling out a small slip of paper. He handed it to Dean.
Dean chuckles-- it falls flat, broken by grief.
Still, he dreamt that he and his friend-slash-roommate were together. It never ended well, in those dreams. Something always got in the way. Something. Castiel always found himself with a broken heart.  It was too realistic -- too painful. It was part of the reason Castiel never bothered to bring his feelings up with Dean.
“And my house is on the right.”
“No, we are,” Castiel said, only heightening Dean’s confusion. “She is buried in the backyard.”
Hidden from the Shadow by Dean's body, Cas discreetly REACHES FOR THE BLADE-- Dean hesitates... then understands.
Dean took a few steps into the small kitchen. Cas placed a first and then a second burger onto china plates, before turning to face Dean. He smiled gently. “Yes. I had some spare time, as I don’t have a deadline coming up. I decided I would spend some time cooking.”
“And, last night, I’m pretty sure my entire abdomen was glowing blue. Like, as if there was a fluorescent light bulb shoved up into my ribs. Then, I may or may not have fallen unconscious, until this morning.
“Better buy something next time, Dean!” the bartender called out from behind. Dean chuckled.
Sam huffed, but closed his book all the same. “Okay. What is it, then?”
Fine. Sure. But just in case something goes wrong-- which it usually does for us-- I'm calling for some... preemptive backup.
"Thank you," Castiel says as he and Dean return to their regular heights.
EILEEN
“I love you too, Dean.”
Listen, I... I can't tell you. Can't tell anyone. Not yet.
It was their one year anniversary, and Dean was at work. Cas was in the kitchen. He wanted to make their anniversary special, but he also knew that he had to be subtle about it. Dean didn’t consider this a legitimate marriage. This wasn’t a legitimate marriage, technically, whether Cas wanted it to be one or not.
“What?”
Dean refuses to soften his stance.
At the melee blow that was Castiel’s retort, Dean erupted into giggles. He snorted and shook, despite his efforts to remain on the offensive. The alpha succeeded, mostly. He was quick to pull himself together.
They're
“Hey,” Dean says as they pull into the Roadhouse parking lot. “You’re comfortable around me, right? Because seriously, at this point, that’s what matters most.”
(then)
The door creaks open. Sam appears on the other end, looking slightly awestruck. “Um, Dean,” he starts. “I’m pretty sure some guy who says he’s the devil is at our door. And he asked for you.”
Wouldn't have it any other way, jerk.
This, on the other hand, he was far from prepared for.
“A weak bond may work to my benefit, you know. Seeing as I’d like to sever it sometime in the near future.”
No "peace", here-- on the floor, DEAN lounges, unfazed by the growing clutter, the unmade bed. What was once a six-pack at his side, empty MINUS ONE BEER. He nurses an EMPTY WHISKEY BOTTLE.
Yeah, Sam. Cas is coming home.
“Shit,” he muttered. “We probably gotta find some place with maps. Cas uses maps. Then again, the guy probably is pretty old.”
“Oh! Um, I ate a small snack after waking up. I could go for breakfast, now, though.”
Charlie was practically gaping, by then. She took a few overly cautious steps toward Cas, lowering her voice considerably. “Cas Novak. I’m sorry, but that is
An all-over calm has begun to settle in-- oh, how the pace has changed. Hell, life itself has changed. Unfamiliar, but brighter than ever. And it sure shows...
Again, Castiel followed Dean’s orders. What he saw nearly made his heart stop.
“Uh, yeah, sure,” he said.
such a thing as too much DIY, home-enchanted purple and red moss. Cas liked to believe that his co-worker wasn’t crossing that delicate threshold; he wasn’t a witch himself, but it was only fair to give her judgment the benefit of the doubt.
To Castiel’s luck, the conversation deviated from him and Dean from there.
“So, I’m just guessing here, but… you didn’t tell him?” Benny muttered.
The door OPENS... Sam jerks to a HALT, frowns, is otherwise stoic.
Really?! That's--
Cas doesn’t know how to respond. His mouth feels immediately dry. Lucifer - or Lucy, as the rest of the family called him - and him have never had a pristine relationship. It started when they were younger; Castiel had adamantly fought their parents divorce, while Lucifer took it in stride - if not encouraged it. Cas found it difficult to forgive Lucifer for that.
Were Dean’s methods of alpha dissuasion a bit rudimentary? Sure. Barbaric, even.
Dean was shocked painfully back into reality when he noticed that the man was staring back at him. He didn’t look happy. (Granted, he didn’t look angry either. Or upset. Or anything, really.)
Is Jack...?
Dean turned to face Castiel, who quickly made sure to smile. “Yes, we are,” he responded.
Castiel grinned. “Of course I would, Dean. I’d love to.”
Hello, Sam.
“Shut up,” Castiel said.
This response seemed only to exhaust the guard further. Poor guy. “The names provided were Samuel Winchester and Eileen Leahy.” Dean swore, so the guard continued, “Does anyone happen to know these people? I’m very prepared to ask them to leave.”
Dean can feel his blood physically beginning to boil. His fist twitches.
Really, what was this poor man’s life, a fantasy story written by an overzealous and maybe
“Bobby, I know the stories you told me growin’ up were true.”
what this all is to you? Huh? Some kinda cute li'l
That was until, of course, Dean burst into the room.
Castiel peered to his right. Towering above him was a relatively familiar face.
wasn’t too happy about the outcome.
seeming increasingly likely, he’d freeze to death in the grass.
The freshly mated pair kept snug within each other’s orbit. A mostly unspoken arrangement, aside from Dean’s assertion that they’d need to reinforce the bond, somehow— if they actually wanted it to
But, no— Castiel would never find the opportunity to speak truth to his father. Following years of silence and cowardice, he’d lost his chance. Instead, he’d wither away, in the very same silence he’d spent his life consumed by.
A race to deliver the… “good” news. Allegedly.
Castiel grunted, turning again to look at his brother. “And how would you know that?”
“Dude,” he said. “It smells amazing in here. You made burgers?”
“Cool, cool. Still doesn’t fill me in on anything, though.” Gabriel folded his arms, gaze intensifying, still aimed at Dean— as if he’d be able to uncover his identity, simply by glaring with just the right amount of severity.
Cas purses his lips. “No,” he says slowly. “Please forgive yourself, Dean. I have forgive you. It was… immature of me to refuse to hear you out. I now better understand the circumstances of the situation. I forgive you, Dean. And you should do the same.”
A grin slowly begins to make its way onto Dean’s teammate’s face. “So,” he coos. “You even have a nickname for him now? Didn’t think anyone called him ‘Cas’”
Dean’s eyes were blown wide, hands lying limp in his lap. “Wait, really?”
to me.
“Yeah,” Castiel manages to slip out, despite being on the verge of unconsciousness. “See you.”
Ellen flashes Dean another grin. “Polite,” she says. “I like this one.”
Dean wasn’t satisfied with that.
Then, a voice chimed from behind Castiel.
Castiel remains still as Dean heads over to his nightstand, crouching to pull out the bottom drawer. He looks over his shoulder for a brief second, grinning almost mischievously. Turning back to the large drawer, Dean reaches inside. He heaves out what, despite the dark, Castiel immediately recognizes as a record player. The thing is old, if not trashed.
Now, Dean pulled away completely, opting to lean against the headboard beside Castiel. He wrapped an arm around his friend’s shoulders. Part of Castiel wanted to pull away, but he couldn’t bring himself to. It was too comfortable. Too safe.
And how did Cas... cash in?
Castiel broke the brief eye contact he had had with Dean. “Oh,” he muttered. “I don’t mind answering. I was having nightmares.”
“Is there any reason why you are staring at me?”
As they reached Baby, Castiel caught himself smiling.
“Lucifer?” He has quietly. “As in, Cas’s brother Lucifer?”
Dean chuckled. “What is that, some kinda pimpmobile?”
The redheaded woman stood there, dirt covering her right right side. Her arms were crossed, and she appeared to avoid looking into the hunters’ eyes.
ones.
Castiel took a step forward. “Dean, please understand the seriousness of this situation. We are not living your fantasy. The reality is much… deadlier. Do not get lost in a daydream. Be careful.”
Lucifer grins. “Got it.”
from Dean. If Cas doesn’t respond at all, he’ll stop anyway. Wait; since when did Dean say this would be a long-term interaction? He definitely did imply it. It’s not as if that’s what Cas is subconsciously yearning for or anything.
Dean smiled. “Yeah, pretty much. So I get out there, see Cas killing one of the demons with his bare hand. The two others are just layin’ there, as good as gone. Guy looks freakin’ terrified when I confront him. Guess what he says? That he’s an angel, Bobby. A goddamn angel. I… I still don’t know what I think. I don’t wanna believe him, ‘cause it doesn’t make any damn sense. Unless you were holdin’ out on me as a kid,” he said, speaking quickly.
Castiel nodded. “Yes. First, though, we will desecrate the grave.”
"Here, man, I got it," Dean huffs. All the same, Castiel waits to stand up as he watches Dean gather his belongings.
Castiel nodded, finally looking back at Dean. His features were unreadable. “I suppose I’ve held this in for long enough. It’s probably reached the point where it’s no longer healthy, to be honest. I… I should just tell you. As difficult as it may be.”
She was still blanketed by Claire, who seemed to have no plan of standing down. Nor speaking, instead choosing to bury her face in her girlfriend’s thick hair.
When Dean looked up, he caught sight of Castiel already standing in front of the house. He was carrying two canisters of salt.
“Yeah. For the most part.” He paused, eyes locked with Castiel. “I think I’m gonna go on a walk. I’m still sorta overwhelmed by today. Wait, it is still today, right?”
“So we’re not gonna salt and burn the body first.”
Cas exits English class forty-six minutes later, heaving his backpack over a single shoulder. He begins to trace his way back into hall, until he feels a tap on his shoulder.
Well, at least we got a good hour in...
A second later, that warmth was centered around his lips. Cas’s eyes bolted open. Dean was kissing him. Dean was kissing him.
The line was silent for a moment. Dean opened his eyes.
Dean stood, a neutral expression on his face.
A moment passed before Dean turned to face Cas once again. Whatever it was he had gotten from the drawer, he was hiding it under the covers. Cas hadn’t managed to sneak a glimpse at it.
“It’s okay, Charlie,” Castiel said. “Apparently Dean told me most of the story.”
would be easiest someplace cozy, and Castiel had adamantly refused using any sort of bedroom or otherwise personal space. He’d prefer that the alpha didn’t get any adventurous ideas, outside what they’d explicitly agreed upon. He needed Dean to understand that he wasn’t simply playing coy— and that Castiel would not hesitate to hold him down by the horn and clock him in the jaw, should he try anything a bit too cheeky.
Dean shook his head and grinned. “Dude, no, I’m serious. In fact, I’m gonna make this your night. You choose what we watch on TV - you choose whatever. We do things your way.”
Dean LOOKS TO THE CEILING.
again i wrote this pretty quickly but i looked over it more than a few times and i think i found most of the errors! kudos are super cool but comments mean a lot so if you have the time i'd love to hear your feedback
Cas nodded, features stern. Focused. “Okay. Truth.”
"No," Dean responds. "It's not fake. I care about Cas a fucking lot, trust me." At least that last part was true.
Those were a demon’s eyes, all right. They were… very pretty, actually. Mesmerizing, almost. Warm. Castiel hadn’t expected that.
DEAN (O.S.)
(defeated)
This time, it was Dean and Claire who unleashed giggles of their own, practically leaning on each other for support. Castiel shot them a look, before continuing, “Actually, not quite. I didn’t just befriend Dean… I mated him.”
Castiel waits on his front porch that evening. Obstructed moonlight slips through thin clouds, casting a dull glow on the world below. Cas - is that his name now? - releases an intense shiver. The autumn air is particularly harsh on those with just a t-shirt.
“See, Dean, I have a car.” Castiel gestured toward the vehicle.
Macie ponders, shrugs. Prepares to speak, is interrupted--
Cas gathers his usual arrangement of books for the morning and heads off.
“Claire,” he began, hands joined to the young alpha’s. She squeezed his palms in encouragement. “Just a few days ago, I’d never even heard your name… but, you came into my life at such a perfect time. In the time that I’ve known you, you have helped me to save my life, in a strange way. Or, at least, to make my life just a bit more gratifying. I’d like to thank you for that. Sincerely.”
Claire seemed to have been struck with a fresh jolt of energy. Focus renewed, her blue eyes were wide. “Fuck, yeah, of course. That works for me.”
Castiel shrugged. “There is no harm in trying. I do not have anyone else to support me. Maybe your mother… maybe she’ll understand that I can protect you. That without me, you will only be at greater risk of-”
Dean let out another sigh. “I thought it was a given. Y’know, the sleeping together but neither of us ever seeing anyone else. I thought we were like, exclusive without needing to say anything. And then I assumed you caught on to my feelings for you and… shit, man, it was all assumptions. I fucked up.”
Listen, I know talking isn't really your thing... but you
inadvertently cursed moss. Speaking of—
BLACKOUT.
Dean paused outside the Impala. He hadn’t checked the trunk in a while. He should make sure everything is in order.
At that, Castiel couldn’t help but smile. “I won’t. As long as you pay for the milkshakes.”
(shrugging)
Dean nodded. He hesitated. “Is this ‘cause you want her to talk Bobby out of what he said? So that you can stay?” He eyed Castiel curiously.
“Huntin’ not all you thought it was cracked up to be?”
Castiel was ready to have a
“Can’t we stay and try to-”
Slumping down a nearby trunk, shivering more aggressively than ever, Castiel convinced himself: Maybe this really
Dean approaches Castiel, until they are less than a foot apart. “Hey, it’s okay, baby,” he spoke gently, as Castiel went wide-eyed. “No time restraint. C’mon, get in.”
Amused despite herself, Eileen steps away.
“Gabriel,” Cas begins to say, assuming that his roommate/brother had been the culprit.
Oh, the bis are allowed in, don't you worry.
The devious glint in Castiel’s eye could practically be seen from inside the castle walls, shimmering in delight. “We’ll tell them that you’re a knight of the Infernal King’s, named Dean… Campbell. You were the head of security at the estate, but grew sick of the king’s abusive treatment. So, you betray him, aiding me and Claire in our escape. Then, we allow them to prepare the mating confirmation ceremony, which is surely at the ready. And, lastly, for lack of a better term… we fuck it all up for them.”
“Cas,” Dean said, speaking slowly. “You really think I don’t love you?”
Dean pulled out a chair and plopped down. Castiel and Alfred did the same.
Castiel nodded. “Yes, Cas is fine. That’s what my brother and sister call me, actually,” he said.
Castiel grunted in reply, face burrowing deeper into the covers. He’d managed to at least finish dressing and washing himself, but had proceeded to flop right back down onto the mattress, face-down. It was just so damn
“Not much here to understand,” Meg drolls. “The guy’s just another lying weirdo.”
EMPTY!CAS
Planted across the dining room, opposite the stone-framed windows, Dean was staring through the overflow of moonlight; the glow bringing out the considerable ruddiness in his cheeks. Eyes narrowed and focused as ever— right on his omega mate.
“I… I guess so. Yes,” Castiel whispers, looking down.
“Okay. Okay,” Castiel said. He swallowed. “I… I’m happy that you were comfortable enough to come out to me.”
Dean couldn’t help but listen in to the rest of the conversation. Castiel spent much of it attempting to quell Alfred’s fury of emotions.
! The atmosphere crumbles, hunter instincts kick in. The noise came from above-- THE INFIRMARY?
Dean immediately jogged over to her, his own heart pounding as he felt her pulse.
Dean, on the other hand, had retreated to Bobby’s in lieu of college. Growing up, his dad and Bobby had taught him his fair share of information when it came to fixing cars. He and Bobby made a good team at the auto shop that they co-owned, if Dean said so himself.
Was that what heart palpitations felt like?
Castiel blinked for a moment. He didn’t bother a response before he dived back in, pulling Dean even closer than before.
“Seriously? You want me to meet your date? Whatever. Sure, I’d love to meet her.”
“Dean? Did you take out the cookies?” Mary asked as her son reentered the living room. All eyes were on Dean when he failed to respond.
Sam laughed, and hung up before Dean could respond.
Dean stepped further inside. He shrugged. “I dunno. I mean, it probably went a-ok from everyone else’s perspective. But for me… I ‘unno, man.”
“Not really,” Castiel muttered.
The phone rang a few times, and Dean caught himself letting out a sigh of relief. Maybe Sam wasn’t going to answer.
Dean shook his head, shifting so that he was lying flat out his back with his calfs hanging off the end of the couch. “Nah,” he said. “Sorta important.”
But Cas recognizes that he is probably just over-analyzing. He brushes those thoughts aside and squeezes back into the crowd of students.
"Whatever. Have fun, bro."
Cas shivers. “I suppose I never thought of that possibility.”
Just… not now.
And… walk. Just walk. Aimlessly, until his legs and his sides began to cramp. Until his fingers, despite being tucked up into his sleeves, began to burn against the frigid air.
Castiel frowned.
Dean had looked away for just a moment, he swore, when he heard a rapping on his window. He jumped in his seat before turning to confront the noise. Castiel stood there, hunched over with a small frown on his face. Dean rolled down the window.
They'd moved to the other end of the floor. Dean had reasoned that this
All the same, eight days later, Cas cracks.
In the havoc, Cas SHOVES the Shadow away, grabbing Dean's outstretched hand--
“Dean? Dude, it’s six in the morning.”
CASTIEL
(then)
Excuse me,
EMPTY!CAS
unharmed?”
That predictable, huh?
“Ready to go?” Dean asks, throwing a glance at Cas’s seat belt.
"Good luck and never lose faith... Love, your son, Jack."
Lucifer grins. “Exactly. And do you know why I’m here?”
Castiel huffed a sigh, although he couldn’t help but grin in return. “I’m… no, I’m not busy.” He paused, a thought running through his head. What if the hunter weeded him out, and Dean got caught in the crossfire? He couldn’t let that happen to Dean. Castiel quickly amended his statement, “I mean, now wouldn’t be the best time, though.”
It was the sweetest Castiel had ever scented from Claire, bursting with vanilla and perfectly ripe orange.
Mary’s smile sent a spark of guilt through Castiel. She was so elated to see Dean and him as a couple, but they’d be “breaking up” within the next week or so. She was going to be devastated.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - CONTINUOUS
Castiel gave a toothy grin. “No, of course not, Dean. Although I do have a problem with how long you waited to do that.”
, necessarily. At least, not painful. Just… very strange.” He sighed. Rowena leaned forward, tipping the weight of her body in Cas's direction. “I spilled hot coffee on myself and wasn’t burnt. No pain, either. I can’t sleep. I haven’t tasted food in a week. Oh, I haven’t slept in a week, either, so I definitely should mention that. Also, once, not too long after this all started, my entire abdomen glowed blue, before I was knocked unconscious for… a few hours, I believe?”
Hey, Dean. Pretty sure I'm reading this right, so-- welcome to the gay hunters club. We've been waiting for you.
Of course, it had only been a dare that Dean had concocted for Cas. It was probably just to shock Castiel.
“Well, that’s definitely… creative,” Castiel replied. Again, he smirked, although with a far less indignant overtone. “Maybe you could come inside and tell me more?”
” Dean was clearly attempting to appear somber in the face of his great revelation, but had hardly managed to contain his giggle.
call it a hunt. A successful hunt, at that. Good job, Dean.”
So, a human man going up against two riled-up alpha demons? Not exactly the fairest of fights.
Charlie nodded. “That was one big announcement you gave there, Dean,” she said. Her mouth hung open for a moment. “Oh. Sorry. I probably shouldn’t have said that.”
Half-heartedly, Cas began to tug on the peach-fuzzy leaf of the nearest houseplant. Eclectically-arranged greenery could be found across a fair portion of the kitchen. And those god-forsaken plants were now sat, silently observing Cas's situation— assholes, even if their amusement was well-concealed. “Dean, that’s rude. She’d put a lot of time and effort into enchanting it, and she didn’t want to risk it getting destroyed during her move. I’m only being polite,” he said, finishing at a mutter. Cas hesitated before rolling his eyes, belatedly punctuating his argument with a bit more fervor.
“Stop.”
“Jeez, Cas,” Dean said. “It can’t be that difficult. I won’t judge you. You know that.”
He had been in the right.
I did. Well, I distributed a portion of them throughout the universe, out of anyone's hands. I gave the rest to Amara.
That wasn’t important.
“Gabe, I’m so sorry for lying to you, but next to none of what I just said is the truth. Still, we have to make sure that Father believes it
It was
Still, Jimmy wanted him to succeed. Jimmy was there for him. Maybe it was time just to take a blind leap.
“Hell yeah I did,” Dean said with a small smile. “My mom just goes on about how they’re all ‘totally okay’ with it, and-”
Sam processes his shock, takes it all in...
CASTIEL
This is gonna be interesting...
he was meant to feel. Aside from… cold. Because, god, did he feel
want to do this, I wouldn’t be standing here right now. You haven’t
So, our freezer is packed with, like, thirty Tupperwares full of… fuckin’ accursed tree snot?”
But he couldn’t be sure, since frankly, he wasn’t exactly confident in his own dead-beat vision.
Eventually, Castiel was heading to bed and settling into his roommate without a word of encouragement.
Wait, what the hell, was that--
“This isn’t your fault, Dean. But I guess it isn’t entirely Bobby’s either. He was just… too attached to the past. Like I said, he couldn’t let go. He didn’t intend for you to become a hunter.” Mary chuckled. “Honestly? Putting it like that, I still sound a bit like I’m blaming Bobby. Maybe a large part of me still wants to. But let’s just settle on the idea that this was no one’s doing, okay? That should make things a bit easier. Less chaotic, at least.”
So, Jack's not as "hands-off" as he said he'd be, huh?
They threw open the casket.
Bobby spoke before Dean had the chance to offer a rebuttal. “So, where is this ‘Castiel’?”
And finally, like a rusted spring revitalized, Dean pounced.
Thankfully, Gabriel had the decency to choke out, “Oh, this is just
“I know what you said. But I didn’t hear a lick of worry in your voice. Concern. Don’t you feel a thing, Dean? Has what’s going on still not sunk in?”
Castiel looked up just enough to see his older brother pouting, eyes blown wide for a theatric touch.
“Cas, what’s wrong?” Castiel could feel a hand rest on his shoulder from behind. The voice was gentle.
Castiel’s frown deepened, although he soon nodded. “You’re… you’re probably right. I’ll admit, I’m starting to get a bit hungry.”
“Dean?”
Cas’s heart skips a beat immediately upon reading the signature. As if he doesn't recognize the handwriting immediately, which he doesn't want to admit.
Still, admittedly, Cas couldn’t exactly say he felt all that
that he should’ve promptly begun flipping his shit. This had to be an indicator of some kind of bio-engineered, flesh-hacking disease, right? That, or one of the few witches he knew had decided to not-so-discreetly take him on as a spell-casting dummy.
Said his name was... "Curly", or somethin'? Shirley Temple? Don't know, was too pissed off to pay attention, at that point.
Just as Castiel was preparing to retreat to his room, there was a knock at the door. His heart stilled.
screamed ‘something sneaky is underfoot.’ “Let’s head up to my quarters, then. I can’t wait for you to be properly acquainted, Gabe.”
It was in that moment that Castiel realized he was screwed.
Dean sits alone, slumped over a DUSTY TOME. Surrounded by OLD BOOKS, all dead-ends. A mug or two. Empty beers, one in progress. Focused, but rumpled, exhausted-- he's been at this for a while.
I can stand behind that idea.
Nonetheless, Charlie was beaming in an instant, giving a short yet enthused wave of her hand. “Hey again, Ro. I know you’re probably busy, and I seriously don’t wanna waste any more of your time than I have to, so I’ll get right down to it. Oh, first— Cas, this is Rowena MacLeod, the spell-casting and lore dictionary, herself.”
Before he could even open his mouth to speak, Dean continued. “Damn it, Cas. Do you
“Okay. Then what’s up? I was sleeping, dude,” Sam said with a chuckle.
Still, just to be sure, Cas decided to go through with that Curses4U™ search; after all, he’d been rudely interrupted, the first time he’d tried. Despite the slew of relatively specific keywords (“bright blue glowing lit up abdomen torso passed out”), no results seemed to fit his case closely enough to warrant further research. Already, he’d hit a wall.
Now, Dean’s gaze had turned upwards, scoping Cas out.
Dean and Cas approach the roadside--
many reasons.”
How about we head back down, then? Get back to the party?
lips pressed against his own.
“Why I was cast from Heaven is not of import,” Castiel said quietly. “But since then, I have only wanted to assist in saving people, Dean. I came to the realization that I was able to use my abilities to help. I thought… I thought that if I were to find a human companion that I could briefly experience what it is like to be a true hunter myself."
was foolish to have ever trusted his father, even if just for a moment, tentative as he might have been.
(then)
Castiel blushed, instantly beginning to regret his suggestion. He was about to apologize when he felt a weight fall over his shoulder.
“Awesome.” Dean pauses, uncrossing his arms and looking back into Castiel. “See you then.”
At that point, Cas had only the flimsiest grasp on his resolve. Charlie could certainly come off as threatening, when she had a reason to. “Possibly,” he muttered.
? Seeing as, y’know, you could have obliterated my entire damn cover, pullin’ a stunt like this.”
I think you know.
Laughter erupts from the boys’ locker room. Dean has found himself trapped in it.
Only after a nervous chuckle, Dean took a few more steps toward Castiel before steadily closing the gap between them. He cupped Castiel’s face, feeling the other man’s arms weave around his waist.
Had Dean really been that naïve?
Benny passed a glance toward Dean, before grinning at Castiel. “It went great. Thanks for asking.” He turned back to Dean. “Feel good gettin’ all that off your chest?”
Cas huffed, rolling his eyes. Even then, he couldn’t help but smile, matching his friend. Her warmth was infectious; although, it was largely superficial on Cas. Really, he was too stressed to broach any comorbid emotions. Which, sadly, seemed to include the pleasant ones.
I can't wait for the dog to see them before we do, a group of hunters.
It took Castiel a moment, but he closed his eyes, sinking into the soft kiss. It was over as quickly as it had started. Castiel caught himself letting out a slight whine as Dean pulled away. Thankfully, his friend didn’t seem to notice.
“Again, spot on.” Castiel half-smiled.
Dean shrugged off the slight embarrassment he was feeling.
Dean didn’t flinch. “Cas, c’mon, you sorta need to elaborate,” he whispered.
Dean chuckled. How in the hell Castiel’s social ineptitude became endearing, he would never know.
Summer hummed. “About five more miles, maybe? I’ll tell you when to turn.”
EILEEN
“Another day?”
“So, you became a knight. And… a different species, apparently?”
There was a short pause before Jimmy responded. “C’mon, don’t tell me you’re considering not going.”
“Yeah, Cas. See you.”
Unless Castiel wanted to submit to the latter, he’d have to find shelter, no matter how temporary. He had to get up and
It being a Friday night, the bar was filled.
“But I could see the reluctance in Sir Campbell,” Claire cut in. “I could tell that he wasn’t thrilled to be cleaning up the Infernal King’s messes, over and over again. So, I took sympathy on that, and we formed an alliance.”
“And how did Sam respond?”
Dean looked over his shoulder at his companion of mutual status. “Yeah, I guess,” he responded.
Cas lets out a frustrated sigh. “Okay. I suppose you can sit in, Lucifer. But this conversation is directed at Gabriel.”
“Yes,” Castiel said, a small, unreadable smile on his face. “We are ready to go.”
Castiel nodded, throwing a look of concern over to his mate.
The halls seem to blur around Cas the next morning. Each student, every voice, blends together in some sort of chaotic orchestra. He has grown accustomed to meeting Dean at his locker in the morning, but now he finds his heart pounds at the thought that Dean may still be there. That he might still be waiting for Cas.
The demon had tried to make her way over toward Dean. Instead, she found herself bent over, coughing madly. “Y- you… we were supposed to… talk first.”
“Yes, that is a good idea,” Castiel said as Dean dumped the canisters of salt onto the ground by his feet.
“I’m sorry, Cas. But at our first opportunity, we’re gonna have to part ways.” Dean didn’t understand why he was being so gentle with Castiel. The angel had lied to him about pretty major details. Dean wanted to be angry, wanted to hold a grudge, but he just couldn’t find the energy to do it.
There was a spot of silence, before Dean responded, “Well, we’re gonna make damn sure that you never have to feel like that again, you hear? Your dad probably knows you’re smart enough to overthrow his old ass, so he just wanted to delay the inevitable.”
Oh, Amara and I had a good conversation about it, don't worry. It wasn't a hasty choice. I trust her with the responsibility, and I encourage you all to do the same. Her heart and her vision for the universe... they're in the right place. Our philosophies are very similar, in fact.
Castiel nodded, squeezing Dean’s bicep in encouragement. “You don’t have to tell me about it now, if you’d prefer not to.” Fair, but in reality, the omega was teeming with far too much intrigue to be swiftly packed away. He prayed that Dean didn’t take him up on his offer, as understandable as that would have been. Still, Castiel was prepared to drop the subject, for the sake of his mate’s comfort. If need be.
Yeah. He was a stray I found when... when you were gone. Was the only thing left after Chuck temporarily eradicated every damn living being. Y'know, as you do.
Dean winced. “But what if there’s some kind of, I don’t know, “family only” takeover? What will we do then?”
“Yeah,” Sam adds. “You too.”
Hey, it's cool. I'm nothing special, I promise.
Dean raised his palms, placating. His metal bracelets jangled in faux alarm. “Hey, trust me, I sure as hell ain’t in on anything. All I know is that a couple of douchey lookin’ guys in armor showed up and started banging on my door last night. Told me they were originally just gonna leave a message, but decided they wanted to talk face-to-face instead. When they started blabbing about throwing a fuckin’ Hereafterian prince in the woods and that they expected
“Y’know, this is super important,” Charlie reminded him, using her fingertips to soothe the site of assault. “Like, for your own well-being. Hell, for your
Dean peered up at the sign at the front of the bar. “Harvelle’s Roadhouse,” it read.
EMPTY!CAS
“Doesn’t matter. Let’s get this over with.”
Dean pouted a bit, thinking. “How about,” he said. “We take the nostalgic route. What’d your parents do when you were a kid? Might lead us somewhere.”
Whatever.
“Who is it, Dean?” a higher-pitched voice hollers back.
“Are you kidding me? You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me.” Dean paused to rub his temples. “Okay, so my boyfriend’s a witch, and there’s another hunter on the loose. Great. Just great.”
CASTIEL
Charlie was the first to pipe up. “So,” she said. “Where’s the mystery man?”
(to Empty!Cas)
And then... exploding? Violently? Like Mentos in a vat of molten cola?
To say the least, what happened later that evening was
“Hello?”
Castiel stepped back into the dining hall alongside his brother. He’d expected to find it vacant, save for maybe a servant or two skittering to clear away dinner— surely Castiel had been gone long enough for his father and brothers to finish their meal, before wandering off to continue collectively neglecting their royal duties. Although, to be perfectly fair, the passage of time is a bit distorted when you’re busy seething in self-isolation.
The rest of the car chuckled, and Dean could see them nod.
Seconds later, a door was pushed open toward the back of the shop; it was encased on both sides by thinner, darker shelves, lined with stones and miscellaneous shiny and slimy tchotchkes. Cas swallowed, taking in the emerging figure.
who are in on the scheme. Both of you are free to participate, if you’d like.”
And I'll just come right back, again and again and again. Until Cas is safe and at home.
Cas found himself rolling out of his blanket cocoon, both to oblige his fidgety legs and to grab a glass of water. He had barely reached the foot of his bed when he began to
something that you have a problem with, then head down to our bedchambers immediately. I’ll meet you there in just a moment.”
“No, dude, don’t blame yourself,” Dean said as he sauntered around to sit on the edge of his bed. “You didn’t do anything wrong. I swear. It just got sorta weird. I dunno. It was my own fault. Whole thing got me emotional.”
“Yeah,” Dean says with a wide grin - genuine. “It did. A lot. But dude, listen. I get it if you don’t trust me enough to be in a relationship with me. I’m not tryna pressure you into anything. I just wanted you to know that I love you too, and I probably always will. If that helps any.”
Castiel jolted back to life. He sighed. “I’ll do it,” he said, voice cracking. “But if I drop out after one semester, don’t be surprised.”
Pressing the power button, Castiel shook his head. “No. I mentioned it to my mom before I left for school, although I really shouldn’t have. She asked if I could text her my grade as soon as it was available,” he muttered, rapping his fingers below the keyboard of the laptop.
Castiel had been getting on Dean’s nerve since the day he moved in next door, something around four months ago. It wasn’t much, in reality. That didn’t mean Dean didn’t hold one hell of a grudge against Castiel Novak.
Cas fidgets a bit against the tall grass. He still has a lingering fear that he will bore Dean with his "nerdy" ideations.
This, of course, terrified Dean.
“Well…” Cas paused to cringe. Okay, so, what was the
(then, seeing the shock)
Meg crosses her arms. “I’m pretty aware of that, Castiel. But this check-in is important to both you and me, and you’re going to have to stay still.”
Meg waits.
“Uh, yeah. Wait, no, not exactly. Kinda?” The alpha’s put-on confidence seemed to falter a bit, arms crossing over her chest, as if shielding herself from the interaction. If her discomfort had been merely dubious before,
They reached the motel not long after. Dean pulled up, stepping out just before Castiel.
“Yeah. That.” Dean paused. “But I mean, there’s also tax benefits and shit. It might help us out.”
“Shit, man, I was freakin’ the fuck out. How… how’d you get out?”
“Yeah, um,” Dean rubs the back of his head and looks around the hallway. Almost exactly as he did when he first asked Cas out. “I got your letter Cas. Um, Castiel. Anyway, I just thought that the letters were getting a bit weird, k’know? Didn’t want to freak you out. Thought you may have been too nervous to ask me to stop.”
“Dean,” he said, playing with his hands. “I know that the LGBTQA Alliance isn’t your ‘scene.’ But I feel that our Ally Training would be beneficial to you.”
would expected more just ‘well’. You were clinging to me the entire night. I know you do that when you’re feelin’ good.”
CUT TO:
“Dude, dude, dude, I can’t fuckin’ believe you actually did it. You took the kid on a date? Dude, you’re insane.”
“Cas, you comin’?”
Suddenly, off-screen-- PLOP. A paperback hitting hardwood.
Cas nods.
? Someone who’d been downright brainwashed, that’s who.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Speaking of,” Mary said, turning to her left. “Ellen, I think the pies are about ready. Would you like to help with that?”
Pulling away just enough to see Dean’s downturned face, Castiel gawked. “Wait, that’s possible?” He’d heard urban legends regarding changes in secondary gender, sure. But a change in
(dead serious)
Dean, however, didn’t seem to notice Castiel’s discomfort. “Awesome, I was hoping that was the case. Jesus christ, Charlie did seem excited about this, though. Was she like that to you too?” Dean asked.
Hey, Cas?
Dean nodded. “I got you.” He grinned, a trace of mischief in his features. “Close your eyes.”
As Dean replies, Cas NOTICES THE ANGEL BLADE in Dean's jacket--
conversation without confessing, lest Charlie crucify him against the wall of his own kitchen.
“Excuse me?!”
(standing)
Cas smiles softly and responds, “Yes, I am awake.”
“Dude, seriously?” Dean said with a laugh. “John Constantine. Hellblazer comics.”
“Your highness?”
Castiel’s cheeks flushed for a moment, before he smiled. “I have my methods,” he stated simply.
Dean grows motionless.
“Ah,” Dean muttered, leaning back in his seat. “Neither? Guess it depends on your perspective.”
For god's sake, we ain't a charity.
By the following week, the bulk of the football team has either forgotten or grown bored of Dean’s situation. Dean’s developing relationship with Cas would have been pure bliss if it weren’t for a couple of setbacks: Gavin, as well as the unaccredited knowledge of Meg Masters.
“Dean, I hope you realize that you have an insurmountable amount of explaining to do.”
Castiel was standing just outside, wearing a red cable-knit sweater, dusted with snow. He also had on a small smile. Dean smiled back.
Okay, there was the scowl. “My flight was cancelled,” Castiel responded plainly.
“So,” Dean says, cutting into his stack. “How’d you sleep?”
, by the way. And if a morning-time dessert picnic was what would bring the alpha demon some joy, then so be it. The omega was a willing participant.
“Oh,” Castiel said. “Well, my mother was typically the one to comfort me after nightmares - that was usually the only time I would come to my parents for help sleeping. My mom would climb into bed with me and hold me until I fell asleep. Of course, that was when I was extremely young. I stopped asking for help soon after. I’m sorry if none of this is helpful.”
“So…” Claire hesitated, seeming to eye the mating bite, which was peeking out from beneath Castiel’s loose-fitting collar. “Would I also be correct to assume that you’re happily spoken for? Let me guess, by the Infernal King himself? ‘Cause if that’s the case, I gotta admit, this whole thing just got a shitload more entertaining. Scandalous, but like, in a good way.”
“Oh, we just walked in,” Charlie said. “Don’t worry. Didn’t catch the ooey-gooey confessions.”
Castiel plucked a blade of grass near where he was seated. “You’re good at math,” he said. “Statistics can’t be that terrible. You-”
into the castle?”
Some fidgety schmuck in a ratty old blazer, apparently.
Not that Dean was interested in him, nor was he ever going to speak to Castiel again.
Much like the petulant child he was attempting to accuse Castiel of being, Chuck stomped his foot. “Enough of this! Could someone
Castiel couldn’t pinpoint when it happened, but Dean’s face was now just inches from his own.
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
“Dean?”
Castiel wasn’t sure how he’d managed it, but Dean seemed to visibly loosen, all the while the anxiety in his scent grew even more overbearing.
The demon sneered. “You’re going to make him
Dean pursed his lips. “Okay, then. Which room is ours?”
Claire had already been dressed and primped for the ceremony, leaving Castiel in the slot of ‘impending victim.’ So, when the group heard a sharp knock at the prince’s chamber doors, he was the first to groan. It was his turn to be collected and styled into a sentient doll, much like what one might find setting up a mediocre horror story. Great.
What, 'side from the fact that they're
Dean pulled back just enough to look Castiel in the eyes. “Yeah, Cas?”
MACIE
“No,” Dean said. He wiped his eyes. “Don’t apologize. I’m the one who’s gotta be apologizing. I love you. Wait, I was right about us being exclusive, right? ‘Cause if we’re not--”
“Actually,” the demon started. “I’ve never met him. But I’ve heard a lot. We all have, haven’t see?”
Castiel chuckled, although the sound was hardened around its edges. “Oh, believe me, I agree. Do you really think I’m here on my own volition? You found me half frozen to death in the woods, for god’s sake.”
But the omega prince also suspected that, maybe, these alphas had just a bit
Dean laughed lightly. “Dude, you’re still apologizing? I told you, it’s fine. We’re gonna figure this out.” He paused. “So this whole… thing we’ve got going on. It’s not workin’ anymore?”
Sam seemed to be the first to connect the dots. From what Dean had told Castiel of him, that wasn’t a surprise. “Are you a witch?”
Despite the closing distance, Castiel wasn’t able to properly scent Dean. Huh. Now, that
EILEEN
Claire responded with a nod of her own. “Cool. God, it’s gonna
, really-- since I... truly felt like an angel. My outlook, my emotions, my bonds... they've all become so incredibly
Castiel watched as the body kindled, so Dean followed suit.
Gently, Dean lifts Cas a few inches away, so that he can see the younger man’s face. Cas’s cheeks are already tear-streaked, his eyes red and pleading. Unsure of what to say, Dean simply stands there for a moment, holding Castiel against his chest. Cas continues to sob quietly.
Dean HESITATES, barely holds it together.
Dean swallowed. “Listen, you’re probably not going to believe a word of this. But it happened, I swear to god.”
Silence. For heaven’s sake; Castiel was near jumping out of his skin, which was beginning to feel a bit too snug for comfort.
He duly noted that he was power walking on his way back to the Impala. If you’re going to be enthusiastic about something, why not be enthusiastic about burning a body?
(to everyone)
Rowena let out a low giggle, the gleam in her emerald eyes only intensifying. Honestly, Cas was convinced that that “gleam” was more than simply a trick of the light.
As Rowena spoke and Charlie shifted her hand to clutch at the meat of Cas’s bicep, the front door to the shop was nudged open.
Not long after Castiel began to feel thin rivulets of blood streaming down his neck, it was over. Dean released his jaw carefully, although he was otherwise quick to pull away. He blinked, hissing softly. “Shit. That looks bad, I should—”
And you wanna know what happened? How Cas
Castiel was quick to turn his gaze downward. “No,” he lied.
Castiel only sighed.
Dean pauses to take in a deep breathe; he hopes that Castiel doesn’t notice.
“Hey, ah,” Dean starts, eyes fluttering around the hallway, almost as if they were too nervous to meet Castiel’s. As if that was possible. “I was just wondering if you wanted to go with me down to my aunt’s restaurant. I mean, she’s not really my aunt, but she pretty much is, y’know? Anyway, whaddaya say?”
The demon howled as black smoke flew from her mouth. Dean watched the sight with wide eyes. Bobby had described exorcisms in detail on numerous occasions, and yet the actual visual was more haunting than Dean had imagined.
(temper flaring)
was not a cute, get-to-know-you dessert feast.
Mary was silent for a moment. “And do you believe him?”
(then)
“Um,” Dean murmured. “Sorry, no. Could you do it? I need to go over to Castiel’s real quick.”
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said as he continued to climb into bed. “Need anything?”
To Cas’s dismay, Charlie slid into a frown, furrowing her brow. “Yes, I guess? Maybe? Is something wrong?”
“Sure as hell you’re losin’ it,” Bobby muttered. “Dean, you gotta get that thing outta there. I don’t know what it is, killing demons with its bare hand, and that’s hardly a good sign. Listen, I may be saying this because some part of me has gone non compos mentis, but I’m willing to at least accept that you’re hunting. It’s mostly my fault, anyway. But that’s not gonna last if you act like a goddamn careless idjit.”
Castiel was silent, staring straight through Dean.
, aside from his newfound distastes for eating and sleeping— which, sure, were probably two of his favorite pastimes. Until—
trustworthy. We just wouldn’t know. All the same, I will let you make up your mind for yourself. As much as it defies my motherly instincts,” Mary said, finishing with a delicate chuckle.
“Okay, Sammy, fuck right off.” Despite the biting words, Dean grinned. “And shouldn’t I be going after
“Dean,” Castiel said, gently shaking the form beside him. “Dean, wake up.”
It didn’t seem to take long for Dean to notice: Cas's face had twisted in on itself, contorting mid-chew of his burger. Cas let out a weak gag in the back of his throat, but for the most part, he was still.
(It definitely did.)
. Think you've earned it, ex-God, and all.
Dean turns to face Cas once more. He has never stood so close to Cas before, leaving barely three inches between them. “May I have this dance?”
he probably has no idea what the hell to do, next. Hah!”
Dead silence, into--
After trailing the sound of rhythmic thudding and thumping, Castiel stood outside one of the many doorways.
Well, it's a plan worth considering. In some form, at least.
CLARK
But he had been in the right, hadn’t he? Dean had lied to him through their entire relationship. Cas had every reason to break up with him. Maybe Cas had been an dab unforgiving, and maybe he had refused to understand the situation in its entirety, but that didn’t detract from the indisputable fact the Dean had lied to him.
Dean huffed. “Okay, Bobby. Maybe I was a little too enthusiastic earlier today. But trust me, I’m not anymore.” He chuckled weakly.
“Okay, well, you in the mood for—” Dean began, before abruptly cutting himself off. He was left staring into the open freezer, unmoving.
Dean was quiet for a moment. “I guess,” he said slowly. “Well, if I’m gonna be honest, I’ve known I was in love with Cas for years. Doesn’t mean I didn’t deny it. Didn’t want to screw up our friendship. One day Cas confessed his feelings to me, and… well, it all spilled out.”
But you'll consider it?
Guess "talking" really takes a lot out of me. Don't see why you enjoy it so much.
“Cas, baby, you’re really starting to freak me out. But okay, I get the sense that you expect me to stay calm, so I’ll try. No guarantees, though.”
Castiel furrowed his brows. “Dean? Is everything alright?” he asked.
“Nah, not really. I don’t even know if it works yet. Haven’t gotten an opportunity to try it out,” Dean said.
CASTIEL
Over time, Castiel began to feel the first layer of his frustrations peel away, like it had been a kind of spiny, emotionally-constrictive exoskeleton. Really, it was incredible to simply speak and be heard. It was healing— even if slowly, and if just slightly, at first.
Just ahead, he was able to catch his reflection in the full-body mirror, where it leant against the otherwise bare wall. Despite the dark of the room, Cas was able to make out his paling features, cast over by moonlight.
“I would prefer to speak to Gabriel privately,” Cas states.
(pulling back)
JACK (V.O.)
Castiel attempted to hold back a laugh, but failed.
**i know nothing about how a phone GPS works, and i think the app costs money? also i'm not sure if it speaks aloud to you?? i apologize for any inaccuracies!**
Dean nodded as he headed toward the staircase, traveling in front of Castiel now.
“So,” he said. “We sharing a room?”
There was no letter that day.
(then)
I'm... yeah. As long as I'm driving.
Surprisingly enough, Castiel didn’t have any trouble sleeping for the rest of the night.
Castiel froze up instantly, but Dean’s expression only brightened. “Yeah, it was,” Dean said. “We both had some trouble learnin’ what was okay. What sorta interactions were on the table now that we were together.”
Cas continues, “You go first, Dean. Please.” His voice shakes. Dean can feel his heart shattering at Cas’s tone of voice alone. And of course, there’s always the possibility… no. No, there isn’t. Who else would have told him?
“Okay, so not only did Heaven clip your wings, you’ve got demons on your ass. This couldn’t get any better.”
“Okay?”
Dean stopped moving, and shook his head. Finally, he turned to look at Castiel. “Why are you worried, Cas?” Dean asked, suddenly speaking noticeably quieter. “Who is in town, and why are you worried that you’re in danger?”
After a moment, Cas nodded. “Okay.”
EMPTY!CAS (O.S.)
The Shadow gestures, hardly a flick o' the wrist, and Dean CRUMBLES. Instant full-body agony.
shtick had now been dropped.
“Just do it, please!”
going to be interested in participating in a manufactured search-and-rescue scheme,
“Hey, Cas,” Dean said. “Sorry I didn’t give you any warning. I just got off work and I, uh, wanted to see you. So I decided to stop by. Hope you weren’t busy.”
Castiel turned over beneath the covers so that he was facing the other man. “Yes, Dean?”
“Awesome.”
,” Dean cut in. “What are you even talking about? Messed what up? I’m not exactly following.”
Chuck turned back to Castiel. Not to communicate anything, exactly. Just to stare, speechless and pale. Again, the omega winked.
CASTIEL
A third boy pipes up, from behind Dean. “Just do it, man. A week isn’t much. Just do it. Go out with a guy.”
Dean smiled, a warm sensation building in his chest. “I spent most of my childhood hearing about supernatural lore from my Uncle Bobby. My brother Sammy and I would visit him every few months, and he’d always have somethin’ planned.”
The driver’s window rolled down.
“Hey, babe? You up?”
Halfway into the forty minute drive, Dean removed his right hand from the steering wheel and interlaced his fingers with Castiel’s.
“No,” Dean shook his head. “Sounds good. I can manage that.”
After waiting for at least fifteen minutes, Dean sighs and begins to clamber into his car. He can’t believe he decided to skip practice for this disaster.
They scramble TO THEIR FEET... Baby pulls up, into park.
Dean smirked. “Or, just maybe, you’ve been afflicted by the presence of
“My family… your grandparents, they raised me as a hunter.”
Summer appeared to be asleep on the floor. Castiel, however, sat cross-legged on the far bed. His eyes were closed.
won. And don't you dare act like you didn't help, all right? Mister "I-created-free-will-itself"...
Dean shook his head. “Nah, we were just headin’ back to our motel. You don’t have to-”
"Cas," Dean whispers, laying back down after he has gotten a good look at Cas's expression. Cas is grinning shyly, the oceans in his eyes glowing. "You're beautiful."
Dean had never experienced heartbreak before, and he had always imagined that it would be a gradual experience. Instead, Dean finds his heart crashing from his chest over the span of a few simple seconds.
They gathered in the library. The couple sat across from their visitor, Dean reclining, seemingly attempting to assert dominance via tilting his chair back in a precarious way. Castiel tapped him on the shoulder, frowning until the alpha returned to a sitting position which posed less of a danger to his skull, lest he lose his balance. Dean rolled his eyes. In response, his mate flicked him in the bicep.
Attention torn from the scenery, Dean turns to Sam as he approaches.
EILEEN
“Nice to you as well, Ellen,” Castiel responds with a slight nod.
“It doesn’t matter, nevermind. Hey, Summer suggested this bar that’d apparently be a good place for us to hang out for a while. You up for that?” Dean asked, cocking an eyebrow.
, it was. Not for me.
Cas simply nods, not even bothering to ask what exactly he is ready for.
Don't know whether I should thank you for this, kid, or give you some tips on doling out better threats...
(then)
I mean it. I can't say, at least not now. Sorry.
This was going to be difficult.
“So,” Dean continued. Castiel jolted. “Charlie didn’t really tell me anything aside from the fact that you were, and I quote, ‘brunette and dreamy.’ I’m kinda hoping there’s more to it than that.”
"There's more that you're not telling me, muscle boy. Spill it."
Fully healed, as far as I can tell. It was only a shallow cut, anyway. It didn't take much to... get it all out.
human.” And Castiel promptly stumbled on a fat tree root, masked by some fallen leaves.
I think it's about time we head back. Eileen texted, and apparently, Cas is starting to get... hangry.
“I’m… very cold.”
His hands were clammy where they rested atop a well-loved quilt. Castiel leisurely flexed his fingers, eyes adjusting. He yawned.
A small taste of freedom, brewed and spiked just for him. Gotta soak it in while it lasts.
Dean chuckled, pulling Castiel in closer. “Yeah, ‘course. Sorta tried to push it to the back of my mind until you started sleeping in here. Seemed like a miracle at first, but it also made me nervous as hell. I knew I’d end up trying somethin’ eventually, and that scared me.”
“May I come closer, Dean?”
Dean stares into his own locker, eyes like glass. He tries to ignore the fact that his face is obviously a deep red, or that he is experiencing a series of repetitive shudders. Fuck, he’s not supposed to get like this, no matter how nervous. What would John say? Probably not much as he takes a swing at Dean’s right cheek. Maybe he’d throw in a quick “faggot” before he storms away.
“Hey, Cas,” he said. “I can call you Cas, right?” Dean stepped to the side and gestured for Castiel to enter. He did.
Dean’s lips quirked into a small smile. “Don’t worry, Cas. I’ve got you.”
EILEEN
Castiel sighed. “I’m sorry, but if you couldn’t tell, I’m busy,” he muttered.
Yeah. Yeah, let's just hope he isn't too pissed at me for all this. Though, he's probably used to me pulling crap like this, by now...
Castiel didn’t know for how long he had spaced out. Mary was gone, and Dean was staring at him. He was silent for another moment. “Yes, I am,” Castiel said finally.
The first one to greet them was Dean’s surrogate sister, Jo. “Hey, guys!” she said, hopping off of the couch where she had been seated. She bounded up to them, hugging Dean first, then Castiel.
Wait, how's your neck? Is it still...?
“Hey, man, I-”
Castiel began to drift closer to Dean, until he was leaning his head on his maybe-boyfriend’s shoulder.
Dean leaned back against the headboard. “Whatcha up to?”
Dean waits silently.
Conditions were calm for the week following, before Dean broke.
They continued to dig.
Should o' known. Of course, you do.
Chuck hummed. “Is that so?” He’d since stationed himself just a few feet ahead of their party, eying them carefully. Up and down. “Well, then I’ll allow you to stay with us, for however long Castiel and his mate want you here— and not a second longer, let me just warn you.”
Castiel crossed his arms, brow furrowed. “Thanksgiving is next week, Dean. So will have to stage our breakup before then?” He didn’t mean to sound so compliant with the situation. Castiel just had trouble refusing to help Dean out of his ridiculous misunderstandings.
After some quiet reflection, Cas moves to follow, and we--
Castiel had to ponder for a moment. “I suppose so,” he said softly. “I’m not sure why. I’ll just… continue trying. I’ll fall asleep eventually.” He offered a small smile.
Then just
I'm not just a graceless angel. For all intents and purposes, I'm a human.
, or whatever the fuck,” Dean explained one evening, distracted, bumbling around his workshop. He was building another chair, apparently. Dean built chairs when he was stressed. “
Before Castiel was able to make any sort of response, Dean surged forward, pressing his lips to Castiel’s own. He snaked his arms around the other boy’s waist, pulling him in closer.
EXT. ONION FIELD - ROADSIDE - CONTINUOUS
He’d been tempted to put a protection spell on his house, maybe just an enchantment for luck, before determining that using magic of any kind at a time like this would be a poor move.
Benny and Charlie threw each other a quick look, before turning to stare at Dean. “Well,” Dean mumbled, absently scratching the back of his neck. “I don’t know if you’d like to hear it. So I thought I wouldn’t tell for, y’know, your own good.”
Trying his best to fix Chuck's mess.
Would you believe me if I told you it was for--
Just... just bring him back.
have accidentally scented the coat you left on our bed, and it
Gabriel’s expression skyrockets. “Woah, bro, you broke up with the guy over a month ago.  Like, right before after you bothered to tell me you were dating. As if I didn’t already know. What the hell happened?”
Castiel just stared at the other hunter. “I’m coming with you,” he repeated. “Not as a chaperone. As a companion of mutual status.”
But I'm not gonna confirm or deny. Uh, I really gotta go.
Dean was still holding out the ring. “So,” he continued. “You gonna take it?”
Castiel’s expression remained blank. “Your brother. What did you tell him? I don’t believe you’ve mentioned his name.”
(startled, mid-swig)
Meg rolls are eyes and puts on another smirk. “Well, anyway, I have some fun news for you then. Assuming Dean hasn’t already gotten that stick out of his ass and fessed up yet.”
CASTIEL
Well, aside from King Chuck, maybe. But there was still plenty of time for that little faux pas to be corrected— and oh, was Castiel determined to try.
Castiel held his breath as he turned around, facing Dean. Dean’s features softened as he got a better look at Castiel’s tear drenched face.
Castiel could hear voices as soon as they left the foyer. Just moments later they were standing immediately outside of the large family room, looking in. Dean’s family was staring back.
Castiel chuckled. “For pie? Of course.”
Is his heart pounding?
“I guess so,” Castiel said. “Well, I’m not entirely sure I want to, but I know that I should.”
to me, Dean.
Dean nods. “Okay.”
Dean has never struggled so intensely to hold back tears. “Shit, Cas…” He forces a laugh.
Weaving through the crowd becomes significantly more difficult with an additional person. Had he ever even held hands with any of his ex-girlfriends? All the same, the slightly contorted trudge is worth it to Dean. He’s turning into a sap, he knows it. He loves the warmth that comes with feeling connected to Cas, physically or emotionally. Fuck it, Cas is his warmth.
Cas! Are you... you all right, man?
abducted the prince from his chambers on a dark and stormy night, like Castiel had assumed Chuck would be spouting off about. Maybe, just this once, the king had decided to test out some old-fashioned
“I… have a bit of an inkling, certainly,” Rowena said, nails digging deeper into the flesh of Cas’s arm. She gazed directly into his eyes. “Infernal magic of some sort or another seems likely. Demonic in nature, maybe? Of course, draconic spellwork is still very much a consideration.”
EMPTY!CAS
Dean laughed. He didn’t know why, but he laughed.
You want the honor, Sammy?
Cas gave a curt nod, unsure if he was meant to lead the conversation from there, but praying that he wasn’t.
“Cas isn’t feeling well,” Dean said. “We’re gonna head out early. Just wanted to say goodbye.”
Dean hadn’t seen his mom smile as wide as she was then in what seemed like ages; and that was truly saying something. “Well, of course!” she sung. “Here, take my phone. I have the timers all set. Still, make sure to check the pies before you take them out.”
His teammate bursts into a fit of laughter. “So, what? You actually like him or something?”
was inside of me. It was the weirdest feeling. I could see what was going on with my body, but I had no control over it, y’know?”
chew the man out— pouring all of his long-held spite and anger out all over the throne room floor, before punctuating his final goodbye with a swift kick to his father’s groin.
Meg tosses Dean a half smile, an entirely new expression taking over her features. "I guess you could say that I'm the one who turned him gay."
Castiel looked down again and muttered, “Please, just call your mother.”
, damn it.
“I ran into a guy. Actually, I ran into a vampire first. Managed to gank the thing, and the guy - um, Castiel - offered to take me along.”
Castiel froze. He turned to face the other man, but failed to say anything. Dean had expected to see a scowl of some sort. Instead, he was met with a look of confusion.
What are you--
Dean put on half a smile. “C’mon, Cas is bolder than you’re giving him credit for. He-”
were followed by booted footsteps. There was some more hesitation, and then, at last, the door was nudged open.
The priest coughed, redirecting everyone’s attention. “Uh, so, am I still being compensated for this? I sort of need it, for… stuff.”
Dean pursed his lips and nodded, absorbing the news. “You still got your matches on you? In case we need to burn something.”
“Didn’t tell me what?” Castiel asked, growing progressively more lost.
You got Eileen. I lost Cas.
The omega’s fingertips soon found themselves in a steady tap dance against the tabletop. “Huh,” he said, almost too faintly to be heard by the alpha. Well, if not now…
Searching, focused. A bit longer.
“Dean,” Cas starts. “That is not you at all. And I don’t care if I’m the first man you’ve dated. Although, I do know that you are everything I could have ever imagined. You are kind, caring, compassionate, talented, determined, and you want so badly to protect me. It would be selfish of me to ask for more. It would be impossible to ask for more, Dean. You are everything to me.”
Cas looks up when he hears the only footfalls left in the hallway. Dean is about halfway to Cas when he notices Cas’s eyes widen, and the backpack slip from his fingers. Dean reaches him a moment later. Should he put off confessing the truth to Cas? His boyfriend obviously isn’t in the best of states right now.
Well, in any case, that was certainly the last time
It didn’t dawn on him until dinner, the day before the holiday. This wasn’t as much a problem as it was an opportunity. The chance to let his feelings for Dean loose, to be openly affectionate without repercussion. No one would question him. Of course, he understood that he couldn’t take things too far; the last thing he wanted to do was make Dean uncomfortable. Castiel had to be subtle. All the same, he could be open for the first time in his life.
Mary snickered. “Oh, you two are absolutely adorable. We’ll leave you to yourselves. Just remember the pies!”
Maybe he would even be able to tell Dean he loved him.
The guest list didn’t extend far past Castiel’s immediate family, as well as whatever castle workers were on hand— just to fill out some space. Thankfully, Dean, Sam, and Eileen were also useful props for that very purpose. They were welcomed, although without much enthusiasm from King Chuck. Garnish it with a jaded priest coming off of last evening’s bender, and you had yourself a Shurley get-together.
A light breeze blew past, and Castiel found himself dipping further into Dean’s personal space. The wind seemed to carry Dean’s tempered scent, its sweetness mingling perfectly with that of the pie. Dean did smell quite like a tray of seasonal baked goods, didn’t he?
“C’mon, get up,” Dean says, gesturing with his hand.
“I don’t sleep, Dean.”
“Uh, guess I’m gonna have to properly introduce myself, then.” Dean gave a stiff bow, seemingly out of practice, funnily enough. The smallest flutter of nerves slipped into Dean’s scent, bitter as per usual. “I’m King Dean Winchester of the Infernal Realm, here to completely wreck your dad’s shit.”
Already figured it out? Oh, you're a clever little pest, aren't you?
The eldest Winchester brother was preparing to turn away from the window when he noticed the door next to his fly open. Out stepped Castiel.
Castiel knits his eyebrows. “Which comforted you?” he says slowly.
. You're doing what I think you're doing, aren't you?
Yeah, yeah, all right. Jerk. Starting to wonder if you're getting a bit hangry, as well...
(volume builds)
Summer was looking away from Dean as she spoke. “Keep Castiel.”
AMBER
Cas was gaping now. He quickly pulled himself together. “You remembered. You remembered our anniversary,” Cas said bluntly.
Castiel was led to the far corner, toward an arrangement of lightly cushioned chairs. He sat, while Dean huffed and plopped down across from him.
sadistic English graduate?
“So what was the woman’s name? The first wife’s name, I mean. I didn’t get a clear look at the headstone,” he said softly as they wove around the staircase.
“Not sure I’m following.”
Castiel peered over Dean’s shoulder. “Don’t worry,” he said. “You… you don’t have to say that right now. There’s no one else around.”
CASTIEL
Meg nods. “Makes sense. Come running back to me if you need, okay?”
A locket.
“But it was also invasive and a breach of privacy,” Cas adds. “Lucifer… he had no right to do something such as this. I may have forgiven Gabriel, but I do not know if I can do the same for Lucifer.” Cas pauses. “I’m kicking him out the house, if I can manage.”
In any case... I think it's about time we returned to the first annual Winchester family reunion, isn't it?
After a moment of thought, he decides to wait until tomorrow.
However, later that day, the impossible happens. Castiel feels a light tap on his shoulder as he rummages through his locker for his physics book. He sweeps around, allowing two textbooks and a binder to slip to the ground. The man behind Castiel chuckles.
All the same, he could hear Dean approaching until there was a dip in the bed. “C’mon, buddy. Be honest with me.”
Cas? Cas, you hearing me? Cas, c'mon!
“So how’d she die?”
Dean was silent. Maybe he should just scrap the whole deal. Blow off Castiel and forget about hunting.
“Just do it,” another boy says between gasps. “C’mon. It’ll be freakin’ hilarious. Seriously, just a week or two. Then everyone will know it was just a joke.”
The note reads simply:
And you didn't even think to wake me up for this, maybe?!
Cas regrets immediately not spilling his feelings to Charlie. Apparently, getting them out to Gabe (and Lucifer) hadn’t been enough. Emotions continued to overwhelm him.
“I’m sorry,” Dean’s roommate said immediately, voice hoarse. “But I’ve been having trouble sleeping. I didn’t want to bother you. I tried meditating first, as well as reading. I even-”
While Dean opened his mouth, Claire cut his rebuttal short. “Yeah, but how the hell are we gonna just explain the
Dean couldn’t help but experience a brief moment of condolence for the man. However, his mind drifted quickly to the murdered woman. She’d probably been clean of any serious wrong-doing, and yet she had to meet such a gruesome end. Ghosts could be fuckin’ vicious.
Castiel looked back to the trunk for a few seconds. “I thought that that would be your response. I suppose I should give you the details.”
“Hello, Mrs. Winchester,” Castiel said as Mary moved over to her son, throwing her arms around him in a similar fashion.
“So you’re a hunter, Cas?” The words slipped out before he could process them.
Dean climbs off of Castiel, allowing them to once more sit side by side. “Dude, honestly, I don’t care. If a month and a half is all we need, then it’s all we need. All that I know is a love you, Cas. Jesus, I fuckin’ love you,” Dean says, ending with a gentle laugh.
“Castiel,” Meg says. “Dean asked you out on a dare. I know, what a douche, right?”
Lucifer cocks an eyebrow. “What, not happy to see me? Anyway, I got evicted from my place a while ago. I was couch surfing for a while, ‘til our brother found out. He invited me to to stay with the two of you. Great, right?”
However, “If anything, wouldn’t you think
Pretty much. We've never had this level of
, Eileen!
Dean slid back into his seat across from Castiel. He wore a wide smile, which only helped to make Castiel’s heart leap.
I will stab you people. Don't think I won't.
While Castiel had little to no recollection of falling asleep, all in all, his response to waking in an unfamiliar bed was… indifference. Really, it was a testament to just how displaced he felt in his
I don't know, man. I get a sense Claire was using the term "gay" sort of generously. Pretty sure you qualify.
Castiel shook his head. Frankly, he still couldn’t believe he was doing this.
“Don’t mean to interrupt, but can I ask you a question?”
(not quite shouting)
“I know, Cas,” Dean said with another sigh. “It was a shit plan. But it’s too late now, okay? I’m sorry. Really, I am.”
Of course, these daydreams have a habit of dissolving the moment Cas remembers that Dean and him have only been dating for just over two weeks. Although, that doesn’t change the fact that Cas has never felt this way in any of his past relationships. With Dean, Cas feels almost naked. As if Dean can see every bit of him, each of his major flaws, and still chooses to be with Cas anyway. And the emotional nudity doesn’t even cause Cas any discomfort, to be honest.
“Dean,” Cas interrupted. “Are you proposing to me?”
“Oh. Will that be… a problem, then?” As much as it hurt to consider, Castiel was willing to prioritize Dean’s comfort over his own unfounded desires. The alpha demon had never asked for this position; if it
“I don’t understand, Dean.”
“Shit, Cas,” Dean starts, voice quivering. “I was just about to tell you, man. You deserve to know the truth. I only hid it because I was embarrassed and I didn’t want to hurt you; I fuckin’ swear. Cas, you are literally the world to me. And that’s somethin’ that I thought I’d never be able to say to anyone, save Sammy. Fuck it, you’re even my universe, Cas. I love you more than anything I can think of. Shit, Cas. Shit. I just want to be with you. I fucked up and I am willing to fucking beg for your forgiveness. I’ll do anything, Cas.”
So... whaddya need?
Dean shrugged. “Sure, go for it.”
Castiel only wished that, before his father’s men had hauled him off, he’d had the chance to spit in Chuck’s stupid face. Or, possibly, to
Castiel could feel Dean laugh against him. He furrowed his brow, thoroughly confused. “What’s funny, Dean?” he muttered.
As Claire detached herself, Kaia began to shuffle her feet. It was more obvious than ever how uncomfortable she was over the attention. “I spoke to Claire. Through her dreams.”
EMPTY!CAS
With his most impeccable timing to date, a bathrobe-clad Dean decided
Sam hesitates-- conflicted, pushing down nerves...
Dean’s frown only deepened, although he nodded.
“Hm? Ach, so… Cas, darling. Mind to expand in place of your friend? This is
Gabriel side-eyed Claire, before all else. She gave a limp-wristed wave. Still, Gabriel spoke to his brother, “You weren’t forced into anything, were you? Be honest with me, here.”
wasn’t helping his anxiety over the situation. Seriously, how did he even end up here? What was even
kind of how he’d ended up in his current artificial dilemma, after all. For the foreseeable future, Castiel’s guard would remain safe on the highest perch possible, and it wasn’t touching ground anytime soon. No way.
Castiel could feel his mouth hang slightly open. Still, he turned to look Dean in the eyes. Dean wore a sheepish grin, and he was definitely closer to Castiel than he had been before.
“Please don’t do anything drastic,” Castiel was quick to add in. “It’s really not worth exacerbating the situation. It really isn’t.”
Right as he stepped outside, Dean heard the door fly shut behind him.
Castiel took a step closer. The movement was clearly cautious, yet hopeful. “Give me a chance?” he whispered.
“Yeah,” Dean added, quickly choking down a mouthful of food. “Bastard expected blind loyalty, and was stupid enough to think it would just be given to him, no questions asked. Never foresaw one of his own knights turning against him.”
All Dean could do was shake his head, before locking eye contact with the other hunter.
The woman is by their table a moment later, following a quick bout of silence between the two men.
Cas closes his eyes, cheeks flushed red. He quickly recovers, listening to Dean's soft laughter. "Thank you, Dean. But I will never be as beautiful as you. You are... perfect, inside and out. You are so beautiful, Dean."
Castiel shook his head. “I don’t mind at all, Dean.”
Castiel looked down for a second or two. “You said before that you were considering calling her. Maybe she could help you work through this… situation?”
“Anything, man. I mean it. I owe you; you’ve been amazing for as long as I can remember. Hell, make me your personal servant if you want.” Dean paused to chuckle. “Okay, maybe I’m overwhelming you a bit. Let’s start simple. Anything you wanna watch.”
--trails off, recenters, composes himself--
Castiel furrowed his brow, slouching back in his seat. “If I remember correctly, you seemed to have a good idea of who I was last night. Plus, you clearly knew that you were meant to search for me in the woods. I’ll admit, I hadn’t really expected you to be… in on this scheme. Be honest with me, how much did my father shill out for you to put up with this mess? Or was it blackmail?”
“Hey, Mom,” Dean said with a gentle chuckle, just before Mary released him as well.
The drive wasn’t particularly difficult. Castiel gave clear directions, and they’d reached their destination within twenty minutes.
,” from Gabriel.
Before even taking the time to lay down, Castiel pulled a cell phone out of his sweatpants pocket.
Gabriel nods. “Gotcha. So, you two gonna get back together? Don’t get me wrong, I’m thrilled. You two were effin’ soulmates. I’m just worried about you, little bro.”
“I’m going to start calling this my room now,” Castiel deadpanned.
Heya, Sammy. So, uh... Eileen fill you in?
They began their investigation in silence, which Dean eventually broke.
“Yes?” Castiel was growing more nervous by the second, despite his decent ability to cover it up.
"Yes," Meg responds, cutting Dean off. "It'd be just dandy if we could talk now. Right now, in fact. Are you dating Castiel?"
Not what he would have expected from a feared demonic monarch, but then again, it wasn’t as if Castiel had a first-hand understanding of Infernal trends in decor and architecture— royal or otherwise.
Castiel shook his head, paused, then nodded.
“No, Dean, I do need to tell you. Dean…”
Maybe it isn’t Gavin that Dean is worried about; maybe, instead, he is still shaken by his conversation with the mysterious Meg Masters.
Castiel looked up at Dean and away from his phone.
Castiel hummed, before bending down, pulling a gold ring and a jewel-lined bracelet from Chuck. He held them out to the slouching priest. “Here. This should do, I hope.”
Scratching the back of his neck, Dean mumbled, “Because I sorta told them that we are.”
“There’s a difference between ‘giving everything,’ and coordinating a person’s entire existence to suit your own will.” He stood so close to his father, now. Omega or not, he still had height on the man, which he was grateful for.
"Al's in the den," the woman said. "Oh, and I'm Coraline, by the way. In case you wanted to put a name to the face."
Dean freezes. His teammate was right. He did just give Castiel a a fucking nickname. Something dangerously close to a petname, in terms of relationships.
It would be a lie to claim that he didn’t remember most of the previous evening— because he absolutely did. No matter how dreamlike the memories felt as he sifted through them, Castiel knew where he now was
. Just--
There was the word again.
Dean sat back down as Castiel rose. “I will be right back,” he said, trailing out of the kitchen. He was balancing the open locket on his palm.
As Dean serves the almost perfectly done pancakes, Cas watches his movement meticulously. Dean is clearly tired, his motions slow and slightly stuttered. Cas feels a mixture of guilt and flattery rush over him.
Dean had always loved visiting Uncle Bobby in Sioux Falls.
Even for Dean, this is stupid. Seriously, what the hell? Are we just gonna play corpse collectors, or something? He didn't even--
Nonetheless, Cas reaches his locker emotionally unscathed by his own thoughts.
Castiel narrowed his eyes again. “Your uncle?”
Dean gazed ahead, only to see that they had left the front door open. He let out a sigh of relief. At least something was working in their favour.
“Dude,” one boy says, towel-drying his mousy brown hair. “I totally dare you. I more than totally dare you, dude. You have to do it.”
“Yeah, bye.”
As the alpha demon began to purr faintly into Castiel’s hair, the omega doubled down on his scenting venture. He practically scavenged for what he would discern of his new mate’s scent, frustrated as ever that he was only being given such a paltry sampler.
(Although, it was more likely that
Lopsided smile returning, Claire snorted. “Yeah. Yeah, you’re probably right.”
About three hours into the drive to Sargent, Summer and Dean hadn’t spoken of anything aside from the occasional “You holding up?”. The GPS spat out significantly more dialogue than the two of them combined. Dean was surprised by how quiet Summer had suddenly grown, considering how talkative she’d been the night previous. Still, the hunter didn’t question it.
Dean hesitates, phone in hand.
The bus ride home allows Cas to mull over his conversation with Dean Winchester. No, that couldn’t have been love he felt. After what Dean did, how he lied to him, Cas couldn’t still be in love with Dean.
Castiel simply blinked. “Dean,” he started. “We could always find a hospital that doesn’t have a similar policy. I don’t think that it will be so difficult.”
And I'm not gay, so I technically can't join your "club". You know, on a technicality.
There was really no way to describe Gabriel’s response to
“So, Dean,” Ellen started. “I wanna know. How’d this romance between you two start? Been friends for so long, seems like it would be a difficult transition.”
“Do you want to know who I’m in love with?” Dean asked, moving in toward Castiel.
“You guys woke me up pretty quickly when you were talking last night. I didn’t hear much of the phonecall, of course, but Castiel made the situation obvious.”
Dean watched in horror as the scene unfolded.
What are... Dean? No, you're not...
Dean startles, jerks around--
They begun to walk, hand-in-hand, through the abandoned garden. “Yeah, sweetheart?”
It wasn’t just “for pie,” and Castiel knew as much. Seeing Dean happy,
Dean looked up, turning to the omega. His brow was furrowed. “Wait. I, uh, I never really asked. Was kinda afraid to, actually. But… how much can you even scent from me? Like, just sometimes? A little at a time? Or…?”
“Well,” Castiel sighs. “I suppose… I suppose I do like to paint. However, I was unable to fit art onto my sche-”
Not wanting to stare too long, Dean quickly peered to his right, keeping his expectations low.
“What do you mean?”
down, but... I think there's a small problem with the new stock.
The girl didn’t respond.
Alfred was still for a moment, before he nodded.
Shoveling a final mound of pecan pie into his mouth, Castiel nudged Dean to recapture his attention. Pie or no pie, the man had really been staring off into the invisible abyss, his expression vacant. Haunted. “Can I ask you a strange question?”
(then, no venom)
Claire cleared her throat. “I
Dean ignores each one as he proceeds to throw on an old Metallica t-shirt for practice.
“I get it,” Jimmy cut in. “I get it, okay? I fucked up. Could you just stop chastising me, please?” He then took a few steps back and away from Castiel, a scowl obvious on his face.
“Yeah?” Dean muttered when the other man didn’t continue.
“You’re awake,” Castiel said.
Castiel turned his neck to watch the other boy step inside. “Do we? How did Ally Training go?” He closed his laptop, frowning slightly. Had something gone wrong?
Dean nodded. “Sounds good, Mom.” He flashed another grin before grabbing Castiel’s hand.
He jerked his leg away, happy to have at least gotten a smile out of Gabriel, then continued, “The king was far too reliant on his guards, as he had been with all the previous suitors.”
“I see, I see. Hm…” She clucked her tongue, momentarily turning her gaze toward the tiled ceiling. “You are certainly correct, Charlie, dear. This isn’t a common ailment… how fascinating. That is certainly an unusual combination of, what sounds like, quite powerful and life-altering symptoms. Ach, well…” She trailed off, before reaching out a slender hand and attaching it to Cas's forearm. He lurched, but made sure not to pull away. As much as he loathed people touching him without a lick of permission, he reasoned that it was a sacrifice he’d
Not even bothering to look over his shoulder, Castiel huffed. “Hello, Dean,” he muttered. That was the guy’s name, right?
CLARK
The alpha demon nodded, a sideways grin plastered to his face. “Of course, Your Majesty. Your generosity is appreciated. I’m simply thrilled to be able to witness the mating confirmation of this wonderful couple.”
“Nah, you have the right to know this kinda personal shit about me. Just don’t wanna overwhelm you, is all,” Dean said, batting a hand around, dismissive. Castiel frowned. “So, speaking of Sammy… the kid got sick. Years back, at this point. Hell, back then, he kinda
Dean sighed, leaning back against the motel door. “Actually, I am. He’s like a fucking lost puppy, man. And I trust him. I mean, part of me trusts him. Honestly don’t know why. I’m losing it, Bobby.”
Dean is the first to exit the vehicle, silently encouraging Cas to follow along.
“Dean, Alpha, please… oh!”
After a short but hot-to-the-touch silence, Chuck coughed. “Boys!” he declared, his voice textured much like a rose bush slathered in syrup. Castiel shuddered. “I’ve been waiting for you two to return. I was hoping we could still finish our meal together, all
“You also said that I didn’t know this person. The one you’re in love with.”
“Honestly? I don’t know how to answer that. Things are sorta a mess right now, Mom.”
EMPTY!CAS
“You love me,” Castiel stated. The room around him was practically spinning. He was certain that he had never been this confused in his life.
revelation, other than as a piercing, feral squeak. Like an injured bird. His self-restraint clearly waning, Castiel smirked.
Dean... we're going to need to talk, you know.
Barreling down the hall, his normally slick hair in disarray, was Gabriel. Castiel lit up, although he’d been hoping to introduce Dean and Claire once Chuck was no longer present. Oh, well. A two-step introduction it was going to have to be, then.
The younger alpha huffed, leaning forward, forearms braced on the tabletop. “All right, so here’s the deal. You guys know of Princess Kaia of Dreamwälk? Well, we’re in love. Her family’s not exactly a big fan of that, though. So, I thought that I could prove my strength as an alpha and potential mate through “rescuing” Prince Castiel. I could then back out of the whole deal, asserting my interest in mating Kaia, instead.”
First, if this is weird, slip me a note and I’ll stop right away. I just wanted to wish you good luck on your physics pre-test thing today, I guess.
--Eileen steps out, COLLIDES WITH DEAN!
A hyperactive flurry-- the group quickly EXITS THE IMPALA, Miracle included. Sam rushes to Dean, pulls him INTO A HUG.
Dean huffed. “Well, yeah, I kinda figured that one out on my own, man,” he said, stepping closer. Castiel responded by taking a step of his own— a generous step back, until bark was raking at his spine. “You’re really not that far out from my home, y’know. My
Castiel shook his head. “No, I…” He paused, letting out a shaky sigh. Why the hell did he feel like he needed to do this? “Considering that, um, you want to see me again… there’s something I should probably tell you.”
Defying all known logic, there he was. Castiel was walking toward Dean, staring at him with shockingly relaxed features.
(mentally exhausted)
“Hey, uh,” Dean began speaking early one morning, voice cracking from disuse. Castiel was still curled around a pillow to the alpha’s side, his body all but submerged in blankets. “I got a question. You don’t have to answer.”
The halls were beginning to clear. Because he doesn’t have the regular resistance to bide him time to prepare himself, Cas catches himself taking measured steps.
“Cas,” Dean said. “You’re not gonna sleep on the floor. C’mere.” He adjusted himself so that he was sitting on the far side of his bed. Dean patted the open space beside him, smiling up at his friend.
He was far from shocked.
A voice rings throughout the room.
Castiel didn’t blame him. He was in much the same boat, himself.
Cas shakes his head, expecting the thoughts to fly out. He’s finally come to accept it, at the very least; despite what Dean had done, Cas was unmeasurably in love with the man. Breaking up with Dean now stood as one of Cas’s greatest regrets. Facing Dean in this sort of scenario didn't seem possible.
Dean shook his head and sighed. “Whatever. It’s just that he was
“Yes,” Castiel replied, heartrate beginning to pick back up.
on the front door, rather than busting its hinges or smashing a nearby window. It was certainly an alpha’s knock, to be fair, but the subtle haughtiness was far less off-putting.
heads each, plus the author: CARVER EDLUND.
Dean winced. “Probably not gonna work out. Can’t imagine that confrontation being anything short of… loud, I guess.”
Charlie drew in a breath between her teeth, reaching out from beside Cas and laying a hand on his shoulder. “Woah… not good. Why do you think that?”
Cas side-eyes... "interesting" is one word.
Dean shakes his head. “Shit, Cas, not at all. I could feel it from our first date. I could feel that I could fall in love with you. I just thought that we would never even reach this point.”
“Just let me put this away,” Castiel said eventually, holding up his shovel. He scurried toward his garage. He hesitated. “And change.” He gestured toward his snow pants.
Dean couldn’t help but experience a brief moment of condolence for the man. However, his mind drifted quickly to the murdered woman. She’d probably been clean of any serious wrong-doing, and yet she had to meet such a gruesome end. Ghosts could be fuckin’ vicious.
“No problem yet, but there might be one, in just a second. It… depends. On a few things, actually.”
Castiel let out a heavy sigh and turned to whisper in Dean’s ear. “Put your arm around me,” he murmured. Dean immediately shot him a confused look.
“Well then, take care, honey. No matter the circumstances, it was very nice talking to you.”
Dean coughed. “Anyway, let’s get to it,” he said.
He held onto so many questions; would there be another date? Had he failed entirely? Castiel wasn’t known for being the romantic type.
John sighed. “Dean, I don’t know if you knew, but it’s past midnight.”
I see. I'll just have to hold you to that, then.
sure as hell would have been an inconvenience, likely ending in a castle guard with a broken nose. Maybe a shattered femur, if Castiel were feeling spicy.
After Mary and Charlie had made their exit, Dean turned to Castiel. “Okay, so that wasn’t so bad. The kiss, I mean. Not my mom and best friend’s invasion of privacy,” he said.
The woman nodded and Dean peered over toward Castiel. He had never seen the other man look so alert.
“Yeah, actually,” Charlie said. “Both you guys were there, too.” She gestured toward Benny, then at Dean.
not who you claim to be, then…
Fuck.
Eileen watches Sam, takes in the enthusiasm, the novelty of joy.
Dean stills, grounds himself-- breathing, focused-- until the floor begins to RUMBLE.
“Then why did you let Bobby stuff all of that lore down my throat? ‘Cause that wasn’t exactly the best start of a normal life.”
responsible for me meeting my mate. So, I suppose I have him to thank, as well.”
Dean found himself taking a few steps back as Castiel approached him. The man in the trench coat furrowed his brow.
“Dean.”
The letters haven’t stopped coming; consistently, every day. They range from casual to heartfelt. Sometimes about how Sam is doing in school. Cas begins to understand in greater detail how proud Dean is of his younger brother.
Dean... DEFLATES. Displaced anger drains, sorrow returns.
The flames came quick.
“Shoot.”
Of course, it wasn’t as if he’d ever have the opportunity to see for himself.
Okay, sure, a lot could be wrong. For one, Dean’s entire cover could have just been busted, even if by innocent mistake. Truly, though… when have things ever gone
Maybe Dean had been pushing his friend too hard. Maybe he should have just let it go and let himself fall into a hole of self-pity. “Cas, if you really don’t want to-”
Throwing a final glance toward the apparent non-customer, Cas turned to Charlie, eyes pleading.
The righteous and titanium-skulled Sir Richard Roman of Leviathania— or “Dick,” as Dean had gleefully nicknamed him— was by no means the last alpha to limp out the front entryway. God, no.
“Hey Cas?”
was the witch. This was her specialty, her very domain as their backdrop.
Wait, wait. What the hell? Being chased down by Death, herself... that made him
Dean sighed. “I’m sorry, Sam, but this is real. I don’t know how I’m gonna prove it to you, but this is real as you and me.”
Cas weaves around the front of the car and leaps into the passenger seat. He is grinning excitedly; in that moment, Cas can feel every bit of resistance he has had toward his sudden feelings for Dean crumbling down.
Without a doubt, Cas was going to need a better, more sentient distraction.
The line was silent for a moment.
CASTIEL
(gentle, but urgent)
hello! i spent a couple of days editing this chapter, just to make it less confusing. still, i think it's a bit... jumbled? if you have any questions or need me to clarify anything, just ask! also, the reason Bobby read Dean so much lore as a child is coming up in the next chapter, hopefully.
They were passing yet another bathroom when Dean felt a hand on his shoulder.
“No,” Castiel stated, passing Dean a confused stare.
obvious that they were mated. They’d work around it.
"Dude, dude," Gavin starts. "If you're even thinking about an actual relationship with this guy... you gotta stop. Snap out of it, man. You don't even like guys like that."
not fake.
“Jesus, Cas, don’t sneak up on me from behind like that,” he said.
“I promise, Dean, I will be more careful in the future.”
Sam looked up from his book, letting out a small sigh. “I’m at a really good part, Dean. Can it wait?”
“Fuck, of course not!” Dean whisper-shouted. Castiel winced, and Dean drew back immediately. “Cas, this just doesn’t make any sense to me, okay? It’s freakin’ bizarre.”
Cas left the hospital a week and a half later. Gabriel was the one to pick him up and drive him to his and Dean's apartment.
Dean chuckles. “Dude, it’s okay. I wanted to do this, okay?”
He spent most of his time healing injured animals and granting better luck to his friends, for god’s sake. He didn’t deserve this.
He sat up slowly, flipping around and draping his legs over the side of his bed. He now had a perfect view of the bed beside him. “Cas?”
“Dean!”
CASTIEL
in theory. But he was hardly the perfect cut-out of a self-respecting prince.
Dean took the slip. “Carroll, Iowa,” he read aloud.
“Um, you’re brother actually came over to my house yesterday. He sorta told me something important.”
“So, my brother might be visiting soon,” Dean said, fork halfway to his mouth, just
“He didn’t know she was in a relationship? Did he at least apologize?” Castiel asked. He didn’t want to admit to his brother how lost he was. Of course, he understood why Jimmy was angry. Furious, even. What he didn’t understand was how Jimmy expected to remedy the situation in any way other than moving past it.
“Oh,” Castiel said, intense curiosity in his voice. It was as if he’d just picked up on a few fad.
As the entered the living room, the air around Dean and Castiel grew silent. Dean swallowed.
Dean freezes. Was it finally starting to spread? Not that Dean didn't know that it would happen eventually. He just didn't expect to be approached so directly. He predicted something more high school-esque; quiet whispers and shocked chatter behind his back. Which, he was totally apt to handle.
“It… it does have to do with you,” Castiel started, still refusing to look at Dean. “But it’s also not your fault. And there’s nothing you can do to fix it.”
He knelt above a man draped in silky ruffles and ill-fitting leather breeches, the demon’s gloved fists pinning the guy down by his shoulders. The trespasser’s wrists were twisted inward, roped together behind his back using a torn curtain. His feet were also subdued, many thanks to Benny, Dean’s friend and head of the estate’s security patrol.
led to a slight delay, the group soon stood within the castle’s entryway.
worried, actually. It’s just, knowing that
Dean only chuckled. “I usually leave before Cas, so I guess I’m the one to get the goodbye kiss.”
Oh, actually-- you're kind of my step-brother, though, aren't you? At least, there's gotta be some connection on the... jacked up hunter-angel family tree.
“No, it wouldn’t,” Jimmy said. “We’re different, Cas. I know you. If you don’t jump right into something, you’ll find the time to talk yourself out of it. Please, man. You’ll be happier in the end if you stop overthinking it. And I promise, I’ll be there to support you, every step of the way. Got it?”
“Love you too. Goodbye, Dean.”
CASTIEL
Castiel nodded. “I would like to cover the third floor. You wouldn’t mind taking the first and second?”
No, that was a terrible idea. Dean couldn’t dump this all on Sam.
“Well,” she hummed, after a moment of thought. “That’s certainly… concerning, to put things all too simply. Ah, and— you’re a human, correct?”
As long as you come back in one piece...
Bobby shook his head. “You’re trying to test me, aren’t you, boy? How long have you had this ‘supply’?”
It's really looking like we're about good to go, here!
“Cas?”
“Aw, look! They’re finally acting all couple-y,” Charlie gushed just moments after Castiel’s leap of faith. Dean laughed. Castiel was mortified.
"Y- yeah," Castiel stammers, bending down to pick up his books. Dean crouches beside him.
Mary took a moment, and Dean could hear sniveling in the background. She sighed. “Yes, Dean, I am more than familiar with hunting.”
Dean’s scent was still hazy, although even from the doorway, it wasn’t imperceptible. It was… certainly pungent. Now that Castiel knew what to sniff for, the fuller body of the scent was so clearly an indication of early-stage rut, heady and crisp. But oddly, underlying the rut smell, was a familiar bitter-spicy tinge. Dean was anxious.
Although, “Point me to your mating gland. I can’t exactly smell anything, so I’m gonna need to be sure.”
He slid into the Impala and started the engine before pulling out.
(softly)
“Yeah.” And Sam nodded toward Castiel. “Plus, we were definitely interested in meeting your mate, Dean. A damn
Dean remains silent, arms crossed, eyebrow cocked. He hopes that a look of utter disdain will get him out of this without even a word spoken.
The door opened steadily, until a man with dark brown hair was revealed on the other side.
“Okay then,” Mary said. Dean was floored by the calmness of her voice. “What is he? Vampire, werewolf?”
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - CROW'S NEST - MOMENTS LATER
And, to both Castiel’s dismay and his
“Anyway, I’ve been looking forward to meeting you two.” Castiel smiled, ever so devious. “And we could always use more attendees of our
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, well, I spent my entire childhood learnin’ this stuff. Just ‘cause I never got to put it to use doesn’t mean I don’t have some idea what I’m doing.”
“Honey, you can tell me. I promise, I won’t overreact.”
Either his father really hadn’t thought this one through, or Castiel’s death wasn’t quite a risk worth taking…
“Then what did you say?” Castiel asked, his curiosity returning.
Cas hadn’t spoken to Dean in months, and here was, swooning over his goddamn smile. Thinking about pulling the other man in and kissing him so passionately that all he could think of was that moment. All it took was speaking to him.
“You’re spot on. Isn’t that right, Castiel?” the redheaded demon cooed.
Mary laughed, causing Dean to look at Castiel’s face. His features were surprisingly gentle, and Dean began to wonder if he could hear both sides of the conversation.
Guess the writing
Moments later, they were back in the dining room, hand-in-hand. Dean’s family grew quiet and flashed a variety of concerned stares.
Dean’s features widened, causing Castiel to tilt his head in confusion.
Bobby sighed. “As long as it was in self defense.”
Hey, think you guys are ready to head back? Pretty sure we're due for a celebration, of some kind. We've had enough wins to warrant it...
Dean continued to watch, arms crossed.
“Yes,” Castiel said. “Help would be appreciated.”
And, well—
A heavy sigh is released as he begins to shuffle out of his covers, until he is standing barefoot on the oak floors. He is dressed in a plain grey t-shirt and boxers; his hair is even more ruffled than usual. Hazy blue eyes hide behind momentarily closed lids.
So, tickle Castiel surprised to find his father still perched at the head of the table. As relieved as Castiel was to discover that the food had yet to be cleared away, he almost lost his appetite to the uneasiness that was suddenly throttling his gut.
“Dude,” Dean said with a slight chuckle. He rubbed his eyes. “It’s okay. Don’t need the full five pages typed. You have any idea why you’re having trouble sleeping? That’s probably a great place to start. Anything I can help with?”
Yeah, I thought so.
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Ready to meet everyone?”
Hey, so, I actually think I'm gonna lay down for a bit.
They reached the motel quickly. Maybe it just felt quickly to Dean. Talking to Summer had been a weight off of his shoulders.
could have talked him out of this? Could have stopped him?
Dean sighed. “Since they refused to believe that we weren’t together, I thought it would just easier to, y’know… tell ‘em we’re a couple for a bit, then stage some sorta breakup.”
Facing him is none other than Dean Winchester, football player of some sort (Castiel wasn’t particularly involved in school sports) and, in Castiel’s opinion, most gorgeous man he had ever laid eyes on.
CASTIEL
“How’d you-”
Castiel narrowed his eyes and tilted his head ever so slightly. “Who?”
Nah, not quite.
Dean shook his head. “I said I do more than I don’t, man. Nothing is confirmed. Let’s just sleep on it, okay?”
Dean lifted his gaze, back to the dark-haired man’s face. “Ah,” Dean started. He chuckled. “Sorry, man. I spaced out.”
Dean chuckles. “Now, that’s the spirit.”
Okay, so he’d been listening to Taylor Swift. Sue him.
After throwing some clothes and his wallet into a travel bag, Dean set his phone alarm. It was 2:15 by the time he got into bed.
CLAIRE
Huh? What's goin' on?
Just as his father had intended for him.
EILEEN
“Are you on the road right now?”
All the while, Chuck continued the one-sided discussion, catching his son up on that evening’s agenda. “We talked this one out the other day, and the court came up with a
Cas, c'mon, wake the hell up for me, buddy, please...
Cas peers downward. “Yes,” he says. “You are right.”
“So,” Dean said, facing his friend. “You didn’t answer my first question.”
Oh, hey-- Jack? If you're listening... thanks. You did good.
Dean snorted. “You can just call me a recluse, Cas. I can take it.”
Something flickers in Cas’s eyes. “Anything?” he says.
Maybe we could... stop hunting, for a bit. At least, on the front lines. Take a more backseat role.
Yeah, well, after all the crap we survived, there's no way in hell I'm losing him to
“Hey,” Dean said, features growing progressively more concerned. “You don’t need to tell me anything if you don’t want to, okay? No pressure.”
Summer took the floor.
You're really stepping into Chuck territory there, aren't you?
Dean sighs, finally deciding that he isn’t going to get out of this so easily. “Dude,” he says. “No. I don’t like guys like that.”
Castiel has yet to recover from his date with Dean Winchester.
Castiel reached up to run a hand through Dean’s short hair. “You were scared of how I would respond?”
“Dean…” Castiel said softly. Pleadingly, almost.
(amused)
believe it's true. I really do.
“I’m getting to that, I swear. I exorcised one of ‘em. Cas told me to go into the woods along the street. Don’t know why, but I did it. Like I said, just one of the demons followed me. I got done exorcising her, then I realized I’d left three demons with Cas. So I panicked and ran back to out to the road.”
With a too-heavy silence weighing on his body, Castiel sank further down his chair. He then heard Dean snap his fingers, prompting the omega to jolt upright, squinting at the other man.
Ellen nods once more before gathering the menus. She turns to leave.
“Yes. I suppose I am.”
Well, seeing as neither of us has taken a hunt since before Jack poofed me back into existence... we're off to a damn great start, aren't we?
Dean, I didn't realize...
“Well, I’m not exactly fond of this, either.” Castiel shrugged.
The response was silence, as expected.
Castiel’s eyes widened. “I was!” he said. “I just act…”
Bobby didn’t say a word. Instead, he opted to stare directly at Dean, wide-eyed. Dean would have actually prefered it if he spoke.
Reveal THE SHADOW in Cas's form, uncanny, but smarmy as hell. No warmth.
cathartic verbal lashing of King Chuck. Or… an equally cathartic literal lashing.
No, it was a damn
the one overthinking things. That he's just been... celebrating the big win. Really?!
Second, there was no way in hell a ghost would "forget" to lock a door.
“What’d you mean?” Dean asked, focusing his gaze on a Metallica poster just behind Castiel.
handle it. He was managing the situation far better than he would have ever imagined. He sat next to Dean at the table, smiling along as his friend’s family chattered loudly.
So, they continued to sleep together, no strings attached. Except Castiel, deep in his gut, knew he wanted there be to strings. A lot of strings. He’d even have settled for tangles.
Castiel frowned for a moment, falling into thought. “I suppose we could label it, yes,” he responded.
Sleep hit Dean quickly, and hard.
“Amber’s funeral,” Castiel stated simply.
CASTIEL
“Right now?”
Summer quickly provided Dean with simple directions. As she was doing so, a certain pimpmobile pulled up behind them.
coffee, at that— lord, what a waste.)
Dean’s mouth hung open as he gathered his thoughts. “Wouldn’t let what happen, Mom?” he said, speaking as gently as he was capable.
“Cas?”
when I’m nervous.”
Hey, kiddo. Guess it's that time of the day again, huh? Routine says I'm gonna have to bother you, now. Sorry about that.
Dean glued his eyes to the house as he pulled up. It sat atop a tall hill, bright yellow and quaint. Then he realized.
