He shuddered to himself as he remembered the bodies of the other men Zola had experimented on. Bucky was his only surviving victim…
The ground was rushing toward him. He closed his eyes and Tony’s visage came back to him. Peggy called out his name, but he did not reply. He concentrated wholly on his memory of Tony until his body was violently thrown forward and his consciousness was cut off as the plane broke apart around him.
“Captain America is gay,” Tony whispered, sounding star-struck.
Peter went to take a step back and his mother’s hand shot out and grabbed his arm. Peter yelped when her grip bit painfully into his forearm.
“Shall I contact –?” Jarvis began.
Steve tossed him his undershirt and Tony pulled on the tank and then the rest of his uniform. He smiled down at the plain mechanic uniform and then grinned at Steve. He felt like a kid again, dressing up like a Commando to help Cap, but now it was actually happening!
Peter dropped his head and murmured, “So…You can’t tell me what she would have thought of me…”
“At least I could hide behind a mask in those,” Steve said. SHIELD gave him a change of clothes to look more presentable but it wasn’t his old, gaudy uniform (thank God) but a nice, two piece suit. Steve had already removed the tie as it felt too tight around his throat and left it on his seat in the limo. Steve inhaled deeply and turned to Natasha to ask, “Wish me luck?”
Everyone was excited to be back but James was the only one who had never been to the building before and he did not know how to react. He was cautious and still wary of the trigger words but he was also…content.
Steve had grown used to the beard, so he’d forgotten it was there. He touched it and exchanged a glance with Tony.
“Slept on a few rocks there, old chap?” Monty asked of Bucky’s sour face.
Wade happened to be the biggest Avenger fanboy he’d ever known and he knew he would flip if he missed this.
Tony rounded on him and demanded, “How the hell are you alive??”
times…Let’s go on a date.”
Steve felt his jaw drop at the vulgar question. His lawyers had advised him to answer “No comment” to all questions but Steve felt compelled to state, “
Bruce blinked several times, his eyes widening with every batted eyelid, and gasped, “You’re really here.”
and narrow?” Peter reiterated with a teasing smirk.
Tony kept kissing him, but his hands trailed down, carefully pulling off Steve’s layers. Steve did the same, keeping their kiss slow and loving and their movements easy so not to disturb their mouths.
do something like that again.”
“Love you too, bud,” Eddie retorted sarcastically and Peter’s lips wobbled into a smile.
Natasha ran up to his side and knelt beside him. She grasped his arm and excitedly asked, “What about Stephanos? Or Stas? Or Stanimir? Or-?”
Bucky made no move to touch the food so Tony sighed and paused in his work to say, “Dig in, jerk. We got this specifically for you.”
“Promise me not to overthink everything?” Steve asked because Tony was always overthinking and he did not want to make this situation any worse in the confines of his mind.
He was wrenched upward and then slapped hard across the face. His eyes focused on the figure in front of him, the owner of the time glove, Cable.
“I am working on it, Sir, this suit is a prototype,” Jarvis retorted.
Girl talk, Tony surmised.
“I am never going to be able to fight with a straight head with that knowledge now,” Tony murmured and Steve shuddered violently as Tony’s cold fingers slid into his pants and gripped his penis. He gently pulled Steve out but he was already hard and every touch was wondrous torture.
Black SUVs surrounded him and people got out waiving off the crowd.
Coulson grinned and looked at the antique poster on the wall. He smiled at the visage of the Captain and replied, “Thank you, son. I’ll see you in an hour.”
Bucky paused with his hand on the door handle.
“Want to blow their minds?” Tony murmured to him from the corner of his mouth.
Tony was in the kitchen with Steve and they seemed to be working together, making crepes.
Was he really allowed in?
Tony was also in a private high school and was soon being invited to parties where morals were less observed. Tony described a lot of drinking, dancing, and drugs all of which made Steve frown and discourage such activities. Tony got fed up with it and put up a wall between them some nights. Those nights were the worst…Steve had not been by himself in years. Ever since Tony started to dream, Steve had always been with him. When Tony was awake, Steve was immersed in darkness akin to the sleep he experienced when he was alive. It went by so quickly that Steve didn’t even notice it.
Steve looked at his friend with a torn expression.
Without looking away from Steve, Tony’s eyes slowly closed.
“We barely touched on what Peter should call Steve,” Tony groaned, wishing Steve was there. His new husband was currently on the floor below them doing his daily run on the treadmill in the gym. Friday had already informed him Steve was running twice as fast. The man was probably trying to run off his frustration of not being able to help Peter any more than he was already doing...
Tony would not leave Steve’s side and it was driving the super soldier up the wall.
Peter collapsed with Venom pooling around him like a coiled snake, protecting its nest. The gas only affected Peter but he was finally able to breathe because his mind was fogged and he was no longer thinking dangerous thoughts. Peter inhaled with great gasps, coating more of the gases into his lungs.
Tony and Bucky traded dark looks. Steve only knew the barest basics to what had happened to Bucky.
Peter crawled up the rest of his body and pressed a kiss into Wade’s mouth. Wade was so surprised that he stared blankly at Peter and didn’t return the kiss. Peter pulled away and assured him, “You are perfect, Wade. I wouldn’t change you at all. It just wasn’t what I was expecting…Though, I’m not too surprised, you don’t have eyebrows after all.”
“GET HIM AWAY FROM ME!” Steve screamed and wildly kicked his legs to push himself away from his son.
“—won’t work, chemicals are too strong – maybe, no, no – then it’d be too weak…”
“Covering your stupid ass!” Was Bucky’s near instant reply from nearby.
Tony dryly swallowed and made himself stand. He recognized the uniforms the men around him wore. He’d seen them in the propaganda photos his father had shared with him and in war movie reenactments. They were dressed like Hydra agents.
Steve’s shield lay on the coffee table in the center of their gathering.
“They must all be fighting the others,” Natasha murmured but the unease remained. This was too easy. Would the Red Skull really have left Steve so unguarded?
Tony slipped so that he was only hanging by one hand and he yelled, “Push it!”
His soul implant’s countdown was for
“Did he say anything about Mary?” Uncle Bruce asked weakly.
Bucky looked sick and he looked questionably to Steve. Steve smiled sympathetically at Bucky and said, “Don’t leave a pretty dame hanging, Buck.”
"What's wrong??" Tony demanded in a hiss.
“P-Peter,” Steve garbled. “How long have you been able to do that?”
A shadow fell over them and Wade couldn’t help but ironically wonder what additional horror just came up to them. Iron Man couldn’t have possibly caught up to them by now. Was this the shadow of some dastardly villain, wanting to finish them off while they were detained by Venom? At this point, the entire country had to know what was happening with the number of cell phones capturing what was happening. The crazies could run just as fast as the authorities. It’d be Wade’s luck that this would happen…He looked over his shoulder to the shadow caster and all of his apprehension vanished when he saw Vision and Wanda coming to a hovering stop above them.
death.
"Why do you think I was playing with your butt?" Tony countered.
Steve groaned and dropped his face in his hands again. This was officially the most utterly embarrassing moment in his life. He wished he could crawl under a rock and pretend it never happened.
Tony could tell by the look Monty gave him, that he saw through his lie, but the Brit took it with a frown and had left him in obvious insult. Jim outright called him out on it whereas Gabe had been the most subdued and left Tony feeling like the worst human on the planet. Jacques tried to reason with him, reminding him how boring it was on Panzer’s team and Dum Dum…well, Dum Dum sat Tony down with his ration of alcohol and they didn’t talk about the Commandos. They talked about home and Dum Dum complained about how much colder it was here, even in the buildings. He talked about the strength of the American hearth and thick walls of most homesteads. At the end of it all, he left Tony with a nod and reminded him he was welcome back to the team at any time.
What if he was still sick? What if he wasn’t going to get better? What if he was worse than when he had last saw him?
Maybe Wade got a sense of Peter’s thoughts because he buried Peter deeper into his embrace and repeated, “I know…”
“We’ll never have to separate again,” Steve whispered in a promise, squeezing his hand back, his eyes glossy with emotion as they returned to Tony's gaze.
As Steve laid Bucky out on the couch, Peter mumbled, “I just wanted to see if it would work…”
“Oh no you don’t,” Tony grumbled and scooted along with Steve. Tony settled himself down at Steve’s side and then wrapped Steve arms around him with calculated precision. He did not grunt as he did this but Steve could see his jaw clenched tightly. Eventually, they were situated and, as soon as Tony’s head hit the pillow, he was out in seconds but Steve was not so lucky. He stared at his boyfriend’s bandages for a long time before finally slipping into a restless sleep.
The others had their codenames as headers for their files. Dr. Banner’s had been “Hulk” and Buck’s was “Captain America.”
,” Venom’s voice hissed into his ear.
“Do not say anything, Captain,” Coulson murmured into his ear, as everyone else held back the people. “We spoke with the precinct’s Captain and he assured us you do not need to come in and a detective will come tomorrow to question you.”
“I’m going to remove your arm for a little while,” Tony stated, his voice shaking a little in his fury. “It’ll be a few days until I can get you a new one.”
“Was that broccoli?” Steve teased.
Tony looked from Steve and then to Bucky and then he pushed himself up. Steve scrambled to his feet and he gasped, “Don’t get up, Tony!”
He put his hand over the reactor remembering first waking up in Killian’s captivity and the first thing he feared was that they were going to remove it just as Obadiah once did all those years ago…
“My timer’s about to go out and I need a ride away from here!”
Steve bit back another sob and held Tony tightly.
Making love in the real world felt so much more better and amazing and they couldn’t get enough of each other.
“What are you talking about?” Steve asked, rubbing his nose against Tony’s.
Natasha was frowning deeply but she burrowed into his side as if she were trying to stay there forever.
His heart clenched as he felt a sudden craving for his mother’s embrace. What made it worse was that he could have it if he returned to this future but…
“Where have you been this entire time?” Coulson asked.
Peter were hurt. They were the most important people in his life and Steve hadn’t been able to help them because he was stuck in bed. It was his worst fears coming to life. He was anxious to have them back in the Tower and in close proximity where he could keep a better eye on them…and where SHIELD was amassing their forces, including their staff of medical professionals trained to specifically help the Avengers.
Peter chuckled as he imagined the bizarre act then quickly gulped it back. He gasped, “Sorry, I did not mean to laugh.”
Her partner shrugged and Mary’s frown deepened all the more. She said, “Show whoever it is in.”
“We are one now,” Venom whispered in the back of his mind. “We share one body. We share control.”
Schmidt grinned and kicked again.
“Could she have placed the sample there herself?” Marcel pressed.
…But I’d remind him, it was okay because he’s changed me…I’m better because of him.” Tony looked up at Pepper, her eyes were glistening too, and he asked, “Do you think I can still be better?”
Tony peered at him from behind the goggles and said, “Oh…Cap. Thanks. Is it that time of day already?”
So those of you who have read my other works, you know I like to take y'all on emotional roller coasters of feels.
Howard got up and rounded the counter and confirmed it was indeed open. What –?
“Ste—?” Was all Tony was able to get out before Steve bent his neck and silenced him with a kiss. He lightly traced his fingers up his throat and Tony’s Adam’s apple bobbed beneath his touch as he gulped. Tony readily returned the kiss, spurred on by his excitement for their son.
Meeting their future son during the War was the one secret he kept from his wife.
“Steve…You were born this way and God made it so. There is nothing wrong about being gay. I am so sorry that you grew up in an era that vi –.”
“Forget it,” Bucky hissed.
“This is not going to work,” Steve hissed to Tony.
Looking worse for wear, Peggy did as he asked and drew back. She went back to Howard’s side and whispered, “I’m going to be with the rest of the Commandos. We’re…We’re holding a ceremony for Steve and Bucky to – to remember them by…”
“Adds to the cliché. Promise not to leave me for a dream job in another city? Or have some deep dark secret that can possibly break us up?”
Nonetheless the shadow started crawling up Peter’s neck. Peter strained his neck trying to keep his head away from it.
“Those two are mad scientists in the making,” Tony murmured proudly.
“This is so good,” Tony groaned and shoveled more of the sauced chicken into his mouth.
Steve looked at him with quirked eyebrow and dryly said, “Me having a relationship, where I originally had none, would in no way distract me, change me, or how I react and thereby change future events?”
“I love everything about you,” Tony whispered, crossing his arms behind Steve’s neck. Steve drew his arms around Tony’s back and kissed him.
“I would love to meet him,” May whispered.
is less than a week away!!”
Tony's eyes snapped up to the monitors as he immediately looked to his son.
Peter smiled to himself and tucked his head against Wade’s shoulder, feeling content.
At one point, Bucky pinned him to the mat, his metal arm thrust under jaw, restraining his neck. His other arm immobilized Steve’s body down onto top of one arm and the other was trapped in Bucky’s vicelike grip. Steve struggled to break free and Bucky bent over him and Bucky hissed, “Trapped, soldier? Want to escape? Is something bothering you? Don’t worry, we’ll make it go away. We will make you nothing again.”
“Sir, Captain Rogers is here.”
Steve draped his body over Tony’s, his chest was instantly sticking to Tony’s back from their combined sweat. He jerked his hips harder into Tony’s backside upon his request. The smaller man groaned agreeably beneath him and Steve satisfactorily smirked. He sucked and bit at the back of Tony’s neck and kept both his hands on his hips to control his thrusts.
Tony clumsily embraced him. At first, he tried to wrap his arms around Steve while holding the large glass bottle and boxy invention but both got it the way. Tony looked down at the objects with a torn expression then decided to put down the vodka in favor of Peters creation.
,” Peter emphasized.
Steve asked him how he slept and it somehow led Monty into the topic of tea quality and how the American Army needed to get “proper” kettles. This was when Bucky stepped in to join them. He too packed up before settling at the fire and, as soon as he was level with them, he glared at Steve.
“Truthfully, I wanted to see the once great Captain America before I completely destroy him,” he replied with an air of triumph. “This is the last time you will glower at me like you are right now or be so defiant or willful. I want to appreciate this last moment.”
He could see Pepper hurrying down beyond the glass so he quickly said, “Tell Fury I’ll get back to him and opaque the glass before he has his agents come peek in at me.”
They must’ve been successful in killing the brat and that mad mercenary went back in time to change it!!
He snapped the photo. Steve was laying down, propped up slightly on the pillows. He had one arm over his head and wrapped around a pillow. The sheet totally covered him from the waist down but the flush to Steve’s flesh was a telltale sign of what had just occurred.
“Why?”
In the dream world, one never grew tired. So Tony cried and cried and cried until the darkness took them both away.
Steve's soulmate did not become self-aware until he was a tiny toddler.
Steve nodded but slumped forward as he shouldered more of the oppressive weight of his ineptitude.
Steve flinched but was able to catch it. It was of them at the restaurant. Someone caught a picture of them from behind staring out at the ocean and holding hands on the table.
Whatever else he was going to say was cut off and Steve shouted something indiscriminate. He stared at the portal and gasped into the com, “Tony? Tony, can you hear me??”
“Don’t!” Bruce warned over the speakers.
Bucky gave them the thumbs up before racing after the SHIELD agent.
“That I am,” Steve wetly chuckled, releasing his pent up breath..
Venom immediately retracted the tendrils and stabbed him again. Steve hollered in pain but he did not let him go even as more blood flowed over Peter.
The sight alone made Tony feel like his own predicament was little in comparison to the glistening in Steve’s eyes.
May reached out and greedily grasped the phone and brought it between her and Ben. They stared avidly at the picture.
Cable pulled the photo out of his pocket and murmured, “Well I’ll be damned.” He handed it to Steve and said, “You might be onto something…”
Steve originally thought he was referring to the detectives but he found out who the real vultures were once the detectives pulled up to the front of the station and the reporters descended upon them like they were a freshly deceased carcass.
Natasha needed no other explanation and did as commanded. The portal was closed and, to his ultimate surprise, Tony fell through at the last moment. If Steve hadn’t already fallen to his knees he would have done so now with the overwhelming relief that flowed through him. He gasped, “Thank God.”
There was no turning back now. Everyone believed they were together. Now Steve and Tony had to continue their act to convince everyone of his innocence…
He met his murderer’s eyes and recognized the man immediately despite his head being raddled.
Steve continued to trail kisses against Tony’s neck and jaw. He lingered over the spot that he knew made Tony the most weak-kneed, He murmured against his flesh, “Today is about us.”
Peter glanced behind him at the rather large crack in the glass. A normal person would have probably been hurt…
He could hear the media outside. It was louder now that he was on the same level as them. They were a constant murmur of voices. Sometimes he could pick out a word or a phrase, but, mostly it was a buzz, like that of a busy hive.
Natasha shook her head and put her hand over his wrist, stopping him from pulling away. She said, “Stay and enjoy your party. I’ll check in on Brock and see if he’s ready to come back to the party.”
“Jesus Christ,” Howard cursed, unable to look away from the super soldier.
In those eight hours, the entire world learned of his disappearance. The officers radioed in that they had him so it should not have surprised Steve to see the reporters waiting at the precinct, but the presence of Director Coulson, a number of SHIELD agents, Thor, and Tony in his Iron Man armor did.
“I doubt it,” Peter scoffed.
“Ready to retreat, Cap?” Tony asked with a smirk.
Steve felt his own eyes tearing up by Tony’s reaction.
Pepper’s face broke with sorrow but she implored, “You can’t help him like this.”
But he had no choice…
Tony wanted to love. He wanted Steve by his side for years and years to come but… Tony was cursed. Every relationship he attempted ended in glorious failure. It was a gift that he and Pepper were able to remain friends after their breakup and he attributed to the fact that she was such an amazing woman. All the other woman he dated despised him and he could not risk Steve hating him so in the end.
“Your mom?” Harry gasped. He glanced back to Steve and Tony then back to the photo.
“…I love you,” Peter whispered to the slumbering Wade. “Drool and all…”
Tony rubbed Steve’s back and pressed a kiss onto his shoulder to try and comfort him. He was not showing it, but Tony could tell he needed it.
The Chameleon grinned and shrugged. He said, “There are no jobs right now and I needed the money…”
Tony rounded on her and grabbed her collar. He screamed, “You stay away from my husband!”
Steve twitched and then he regretfully murmured, “You need to charge it. We need to know how to correct the future…” He let go of Tony but, by his expression, Tony knew he didn’t want to. He couldn’t imagine what Steve was going through. This new future supposedly promised him a fate worse than death.
It was simply the beginning of a fragmented dream.
“Jarvis, hack into Osborn’s Tower video feed and look for any signs of Mary Parker,” Tony commanded, turning to his work station.
. But Steve didn’t have to watch Tony die, in fact, he was there to save him…so what was the pivotal decision he had to make that might change he future?
Tony cautiously went out to the foyer and stopped in his tracks when he saw Bucky standing behind Pepper with a box.
“…Are you upset? And not by this, this is devastating, but…by the interview?” Tony asked curiously, his voice rumbling more through the Iron Man speakers.
“Yes, Master Rogers.”
Just thinking of dreaming of the darkness turned his stomach.
Eddie didn’t look too good. He was pale and there were bags under his eyes. It looked like he was sick. Had he gotten much sleep since Venom?
Steve grinned and said, “When you meet him, please convince him of that. His current color scheme is red and blue.”
He remembered Peter stating the robots prime directive was to keep him alive…and healthy.
Eventually, Bucky stepped away to change into the same white suit Steve had worn to travel back.
Steve’s breath hitched when Tony pumped his head but he mostly remained silent. He lay down beside Tony and Tony took the opportunity to maneuver himself lower and then dip his head down to blow the super soldier.
“Yes, honey,” Steve droned compliantly.
Tony looked at Bucky morosely and murmured, “No…far from it…”
Peter’s eyes were no longer cold but were pleading and, even though she logically knew she should not do it, her metaphorical heart was pulled in by Peter’s beseeching eyes. She knew she could not deny him.
“Okay,” Steve murmured and let Tony pull him closer while at the same time trying to hide the fact that he was getting hard from that single, chaste kiss. If that did not proclaim his true feelings to the man he did not know what else could other than saying them aloud!
Steve nodded and asked, “He’s secure?”
His dad led them to the communal room where they’d hanged out last night, watching Vision fly the symbiote into the sun. The party hadn’t officially started yet but the Avengers were there and as soon as Peter entered the room, they all cheered, “Happy birthday!”
He was experiencing a lot of firsts with Tony and this was one of them: simply sleeping together and waking up in each other's arms.
The statue stood fifteen feet high and was of Steve in full Cap regalia. He had one hand rested on his infamous shield, which was imbedded in the ground in front of him, and his other hand was pointed toward the distant Atlantic, his final resting place. The statue’s gaze was serious, and its jaws clenched as if he saw something dangerous on the distant horizon.
“This is an Avengers priority,” she replied with narrowed eyes.
“What do you think?” Steve grumbled deviating from the command tent.
“Pops?” Peter squeaked from beside him.
Howard had spent the night with his secretary, his current not-so-secret-affair-in-progress, so the two probably had the tent to themselves. Before, Bucky would have been a worried wreck about this. He would’ve wondered if they had sex, were too loud, if anyone heard…but now he simply worried for Tony surviving the night and Steve’s heart not breaking more with every passing moment for not being able to do anything for him.
“Well…I…I mean –,” Tony stumbled over his words for the first time since entering the mess hall.
“Schmidt is here,” Steve gasped over the communicators. Steve had fallen into the opposite wall and he was staring at him like he was a ghoul.
The entire team attended as support with the exception of Bruce was back at the Tower with his soulmate, Betty. Their relationship had been strained over the years as Bruce had been scared to be close to her with the Hulk looming in the background. With his move to New York, he had reached out to her and they were rekindling what they once had.
Steve’s heart clenched and he tightened his arms around Tony to keep him in his embrace. Such a move on Tony’s part made him extremely tempted to let him sleep a little bit longer in his embrace. If it had been a normal day, Steve would have let him...
game with -!”
“Well, you have sufficiently wooed me again,” Steve stated.
Tony had to smother his chuckle upon that retort. He was smiling idiotically at Rogers but he could not help it. Tony grew up idolizing this man and now here he was, in the flesh, interacting with Jarvis.
Wade’s eyes opened by little slits, enough for Peter to see the blue of his eyes, and he stared down at him questionably.
Tony turned away from the hologram and cupped his mouth to muffle the small cry of anguish that broke free.
Tony may have held onto Steve’s hand a fraction too long. Steve grip was strong, no question there, but his fingertips were still damp from his mouth, and Tony had a little brain fart. Steve wasn’t doing
Just when the sun was beginning to set, and their hotel room was illuminated in a golden glow, did Steve begin to stir. Tony watched the transition anxiously. First, Steve’s breathing became uneven and his face twitched at random intervals. Finally, the arms around Tony tightened before those glorious blue eyes lazily blinked open.
“Jarvis wants to kill me with boredom.”
His mind came to a halt as he remembered a tiny fact that he thought insignificant at the time when first meeting his son. One of the adjectives, used to describe the Hydra lab that housed Peter during the first two years of his life, had originally been inconsequential because Agent Hill had used the word “abandoned” before it…but what if it had not been
Steve was still holding his shirt up partly so Tony was able to touch his arc reactor in wordless explanation. Steve’s eyes followed his hand and widened when he touched the device that kept him alive.
“Mary was a little upset,” Steve murmured and pressed the button for the first level of the garage.
when and how Steve was going to die.
Tony didn’t say anything more on the subject, but he did hold Steve tightly for several moments.
Tony’s problem now was what he was going to gift his son. Like Steve, Peter did not like expensive or flashy things, which made them both the hardest people to shop for.
Tony pushed himself enough out of the embrace to meet his eyes and he began to say, “
"You'll never know unless you try," Steve whispered. When Tony said nothing, Steve murmured, "This is the part where you throw back your head and reluctantly agree with me."
He quickened his step as he approached the cafeteria and was nearly running by the time he reached the doorway.
Stark focused a glare on him as soon as he saw him and, in way of greeting, he mumbled, “Agent.”
Steve shrugged and murmured, “All we knew was we were going to have a son…we didn’t know when it was going to happen or how…His parents died in the attack.”
Tony had already drunken five cups of black-eye coffees but he could
“Tony?” Steve murmured in question.
He would let them take him to New York but he wouldn’t let them take him into custody.
? Your world must have turned upside-down! Tell us about Peter! Show us some updated pictures! Please, we’re dying to know about your son, Steve!”
Steve stepped behind him and placed a hand on Tony's hip.
“I love you too, Tony,” Steve sighed.
Bruce brought forth a handheld scanner and began to examine the mass on Steve’s arm. He said, “Tell me everything that she said.”
“You’re paid to be a superhero?” Peter gasped.
The team and their son came to visit them in waves. As soon as Steve was no longer on bedrest, Bucky got into the habit of walking him around the hospital.
“Peter?” She asked.
He turned to his friends and held it out, showing them the blessed blue light. Steve laughed wetly and Tony smiled thankfully at Bucky. He carefully crossed the room and handed the reactor to Tony. Tony just as carefully returned the reactor and hissed when it connected to his body. He closed his eyes and settled back onto the table to recuperate.
Yup, Tony was unabashedly smitten.
Mary cringed at the hurt that broke through in Peter’s voice. He must have been fighting to repress it this entire time. She carefully replied, “I was programmed with emotions to better convince your family that I was your mother…They did not affect me strongly until I met you. At the time, the whole reason for my entire existence was only to deliver Venom to you. But afterwards, I felt guilt for what I did to you…I am sorry, Peter…If I could go back and change what had happened I would.”
Steve nodded and added the placard to the pile and then tied the other end of the shirt so it was sealed up.
Y’all! I’ve been wanting to say this in the comments forever but can finally reveal (if you haven’t guessed already) the future was not changing just because of their relationship. Every time Tony charged his suit, the reactor broke down more. On the daily, the future shifted with every charging. His future, and odds of survival, lessened every day. But, now, because of his weakened state and the relationships he formed…well, the future is still uncertain because people will do crazy things for the ones they love :) <3
The new pants he was wearing were instantly soaked as the surf crashed against his shins. He took several steps into the water so that, even with the tide, he’d always be in the water. Tony and Pepper wordlessly watched him from the shore, close enough so that only the strongest of tides could brush foamy water against their toes.
than Stepan!”
It was 2008, he didn’t think it was possible for people
Clint’s grin reflected Peter’s and he sent his gift flying across the room with a flick of his wrist. It bounced off the wall, behind the giant rabbit, and landed on top of its head.
“I think that answers your question about him remembering you,” Tony murmured ironically.
“Maybe I’m just using it as an excuse for you to baby me,” Tony flirted, leaning in with puckered lips. Steve let himself fall for the bait and kissed his luring lips.
I am missing that!”
.” He paused and squeezed his hand and asked, “I love you. Can…Can we promise to tell each other that every night? No matter what? Even if we are fighting?”
Steve raised his gun and shouted, “
Howard would die if anything happened to his son.
Once again there were influences from the comic book universe but I have dabbled in it, using my artist license (the Shadow Soldier is my creation for example!).
“Good morning, Cinderella,” Tony murmured from the doorway. His voice was scratchy with sleep and, when Steve turned around, he found his fiancé leaning against the frame, wrapped up in a thick blanket, and watching him with a small smile.
Natasha dropped her head then, after a pause, relaxed her hold on Bucky. Bucky regarded her distrustfully then let go of her. They let Thor separate them and both refused to look at the other.
But he could barely note Tony was in his arms right now.
The finality of it all made him feel…pitiful.
“That is his public persona, Peter,” Aunt May whispered gently. “SHIELD probably made him act that way to boost the public image of the Avengers. I know him, Peter. He never cared about anyone but himself. Reaching out to you is probably another PR move. He’ll probably offer to pay for our home, pay for your schooling, pay for anything your heart desired and you’ll become the male version of the little Orphan Annie. The media will eat it up and praise Tony for his charity. Don’t fall for it Peter. He’s really a monster.”
“Get off each other right now!” Steve commanded.
,” Pops hissed, grasping him tightly.
The cage door was open and a figure stood within.
Steve hunched over him and pressed his forehead to Tony’s. He whispered, “Hold on. Howard might be able to fix it.” He grasped the sides of Tony’s face and gasped, “Don’t leave me, Tony. I need you, please, stay. I can’t lose you yet! Please, hold on!”
She had told him that she had framed her favorite photo from the wedding and was sending it over to them. It didn’t even cross his mind it would be
Another robotic voice, from the same speakers, dryly stated, “You’ve done it once already, Sir.”
He doubted the way he was treated was the norm. Everyone was respectful toward him and, when he passed the other prisoners, they all grew quiet and watched him with large eyes.
With Solo vouching for him, Steve was accepted into the homeless community quickly. They partnered up as Solo showed him the ropes and Steve assisted him. Everyone started to call him ‘Chewie’ which Solo explained was another reference to the movie and Steve’s height. It apparently was the name of a tall, hairy alien who was the companion to the fictional Solo. Steve took it all in stride. He was much taller than Solo though Solo was much more hairier. The new name have Steve a new identity and the excuse not to give out his real name.
Scott's face paled and he gasped, “You want to electrocute him?”
“No word as of yet, Sir,” his AI replied without needing elaboration.
“Yeah…so Dum Dum and the guys might come over soon,” Tony replied.
“You’re welcome and come down again tomorrow. I will check him again, just to be sure,” Bruce said.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You okay?” Steve asked, tightening his hold on Bucky’s shoulder.
He relaxed marginally and heard Peggy call out, “
Tony quirked an eyebrow. With his back to the rest of the people in the room, he made no move to cover his lips as he stated, “There’s no way he would accept help from you, you are practically his ex…me on the other hand…” Tony grinned and Steve could see the gears turning in his head. Tony whispered, “And I can go a step farther. He clearly still loves her and she clearly is still crazy about him—.”
Wade chuckled wetly and lightly caressed Peter’s cheekbone with his thumb. Wade whispered, “Hi, baby boy…”
On the phone, he heard Pepper cry out, more explosions, then Tony grunt directly into the speaker.
“You, James Buchanan Barnes…” Tony said, already feeling giddy at the idea. “I want you to learn everything you can about him.”
“Well Natasha and I aren’t no fairy tale,” Bucky stated with a frown. “Our lives are more like a nightmare…”
“Yesssssss,” Tony hissed excitedly. He sat up and brought the phone closer to his face to get a better look.
Their lips met with familiarity and Tony’s chuckles dwindled to soft pants. Tony tasted like the readymade vanilla Frappuccino he had snagged from Sam’s fridge earlier that morning. Steve smirked and whispered into his lips, “How many Frappuccinos did you take?”
Peter’s words were smothered as Venom expanded and Peter’s heart jumped into his throat as he heard it shriek.
Thor’s friends readily agreed and made their way down the rainbow bridge, talking loudly and laughing even louder. Thor watched them go with a found eye before turning back to Heimdall.
“You’re on!” Harry retorted. He handed his controller to Tony and both boys ran over to the television and turned on the game console. Tony rolled his eyes and switched off the Thor toy by pressing a button on the controller. The toy powered down and slowly floated back down to the ground. Tony bent down and picked up the Thor toy. Steve also bent down and picked up the remains of the Iron Man.
. Will I even be able to go back to school on the 22
He was able to keep his face blank, but he could not keep the emotion out of his voice as he gasped, “
“Ew, yes,” Pepper replied with a grimace. She lightly touched Tony’s chest and murmured, “I’ve got this, Tony. You’re going to be alright.”
Steve smiled and the heartache brought about from his account began to fade at Tony’s statement. Instead, he was reminded of that day he had shaved Tony’s face in the past…it was the same day he started to fancy the man from the future.
“Why what?” Tony deflected the question but, by the way he tensed beneath Steve’s fingers, he knew he knew exactly what Steve was asking.
,” Agent Hill’s voice echoed from the past.
She claimed to have been cleaning Steve’s room when he forcibly pushed her onto the bed and raped her. She recounted every imaginary touch and word he said in great detail. He apparently said he had wanted her from the moment he saw her, that he loved the way she felt, and he wanted to spend the rest of his life with her.
Steve squeezed one of Tony’s ass cheeks and the man broke their kiss with a hiss. He ran his hands over Steve’s jaws with a moan and groaned, “Hold that thought –!”
Steve playfully pushed at him and flushed slightly from embarrassment. He retorted, “You’re also the only man I have
Venom was just as intent on catching a villain as Peter was and he ignored the civilians. Peter did not even detect a stray thought associating them with food and the relief Peter felt was almost palpable. Peter was stuck with Venom but maybe they could work harmoniously together.
It was a side of Tony, Steve rarely saw. Tony was totally content while working and his face was serene. Whenever things worked the way he wanted, Tony smiled like he never saw him do before, biting down on his bottom lip as he grinned as if he was trying to smother a childish giggle of excitement. It was radiant and filled with joy. Whenever something went wrong, he jutted out his lower lip, like Peter would whenever he wanted ice cream, and mumbled to himself until he found some sort of answer.
“Anyways, he ran off and I thought I fucked up. Steve may have been crushing on me for a few weeks but I had been crushing on him for years! Hell, some of the first images I jacked off to were from his old recruitment posters,” Tony added.
“You’re – You’re not the Chameleon.” Steve sat up fully and gasped, “What are you?”
Tony picked up his head and saw the fear in Steve’s eyes.
looked at him like that before.
“If he just fucking talked-!
“Here’s hoping,” Tony grumbled.
Rhodey’s words were like ice down his spine. Obadiah stole his reactor for a reason. He had full access to the giant one in the lab at Stark Enterprises, so he clearly was going to use the smaller one for reasons that were already unnerving Tony.
Harry shook his head then stared at the sealed doors. Without looking away, he stated, “He’s scarier when he’s sick.”
Steve’s mouth sealed into a grim line and he nodded.
“Yeah, we heard,” Bucky replied gruffly.
Tony wasn’t sure how to remove Bucky nor exactly how’d he react to being removed from his frozen sleepaway. So, he moved the entire thing. The Mark 17 was larger And stronger than the other units so, once he got the container away from all the boxes leaning on it, he had no problem moving the bulky machine.
He couldn’t move and he couldn’t look away from his wife, even as Bucky’s fingers wrapped around her neck.
“…So,” Tony murmured, stepping closer to Steve so that their chests were touching again. He slid his hands over Steve’s chest and his eyes were focused on his throat. Tony continued, “After the fundraiser, I was wondering if you’d like to spend the night?”
It was a piece of himself he thought lost but it had survived without the host. Venom was intrigued but wary. How had that lost piece survived?
The only time they spent time together was at dinner when he, Tony, and the rest of the team all ate with one another. It was a loud affair as the team bantered loudly back and forth. As always, Thor was the loudest of them all and usually Tony rivaled him in the noise department but today he was much quieter. Not absolutely silent, but it did not seem like he was trying to keep up with Thor. They reminisced old battles and focused on the funnier ones. They avoided talking about recent events, which Steve was absolutely grateful for.
They were in the Avenger’s infirmary, with enough beds for the entire team, and the bed beside his contained his father. Tony also looked pretty banged up and he too had Steve sitting by his side. Peter’s parents were both smiling at Peter with glistening eyes that seemed to sparkle in the light from their joy.
“You were out yesterday,” his dad argued.
“Can nothing else power the machine??” Tony demanded.
Natasha holstered her weapon and walked up to Bucky’s side of the bed. She and Bucky never broke eye contact and her eyes narrowed as she stared down at him. Out of nowhere, she slapped him. Bucky took the slap without protest and stared blankly at the wall over Natasha’s shoulder.
His kidnapping and Obadiah’s betrayal was long behind him and Tony was working toward the future. He was changing his company, making it more ecofriendly and creating products for the everyday consumer instead of weapons for war mongers.
Tony's eyes shot right back to hers and he nonchalantly shrugged and murmured, "Just making sure everyone is enjoying
Steve snorted and pushed himself up. Steve struggled which made Tony frown and all his good feelings dampened. He quickly stood and helped his not so super soldier to his feet.
Steve lightly drew the backs of his knuckles just above Tony’s reactor where Tony’s skin was scarred from numerous occasions. The dark veins from his palladium poisoning were gone but a few left behind faint white marks. Steve traced one of those marks, probably remembering the last time they were together...it had technically been decades ago though, to Tony it’d felt only months.
“Say what now?” Tony asked, sitting up straighter.
Steve huffed a chuckle into his mouth but rose off him and murmured, “Alright.”
“If you try to stop me, Venom will go back to Peter!” Steve hissed.
Tony grasped his hand again and Steve carded his fingers into his, making sure they would not disconnect for a while. Tony’s body would take twice as long as his to heal. It’d probably be weeks until he was out of the hospital. With the damage inflicted by the stones, Steve didn’t know if he would return to full strength either…
want to be with me,” Bucky hissed and Steve tensed. When Steve said nothing to counter his observation Bucky whispered, “You care for me too, don’t you?”
“Of course,” Peter scoffed.
“What is it?” Rogers demanded.
“Yes, Master Rogers,” Jarvis replied.
Soul implants have two indicators to let people know they had found their soulmate.
! THIS IS ALL SLANDER!!”
They walked around the hospital for what felt like hours to Steve. Yet every possible victim he came across had a plausible reason not to be consumed.
He looked south and then jolted to a stop when he saw the figure in red approach.
“Ah, that is why you tried to run,” his master replied. “I was told by your previous master that the timer on your arm was a fake…apparently, he lied. We’ll have to shorten his retirement…” He monster looked to one of his subordinates. The masked woman nodded and left, to kill James’ prior master most likely.
Steve’s sense of wonder was growing with Tony’s words...but so was his heart. Tony’s head resting on his shoulder was sweet and exactly Steve wanted from this date. Steve’s universe was expanding as he stared up at the multitudes of stars and his feelings for the man at his side were growing with it.
A familiar pressure built up around them and Tony inhaled sharply.
Steve shook his head and murmured, “I have no idea how this happened but, I swear to you, there isn’t a force in heaven or earth that would be able to separate us now here or in our dreams.”
Instead, Peter replied, “That’s my mom.”
He spoke into his phone, “Jarvis? Is everyone still doing alright?”
“Shut up,” Steve sighed and dragged him away.
“Can I speak now?” Steve asked in a whisper. Tony nodded, his gaze still cast downward. Steve hated it. He hated seeing Tony so weak and vulnerable but he hated more how Tony viewed himself. He never knew he harbored these feelings but then again this was just like Tony to hide this from him…Tony always hide his true feelings behind a joke or a smile and it was hard for him to open up about himself.
The boys are finally getting together but it won't be a happy first meeting! XD
Steve was instantly distracted by the gravity in the AI’s voice and the Goblin was able to punch him across the face.
The hands on Tony’s shoulders began to tremble in Tony’s silence and, slowly, those same hands slid across his chest until Steve’s arms engulfed him in an embrace and Steve pressed his face into Tony’s shoulder. Steve whispered, “Why must you be so stubborn?”
“This is so embarrassing,” Peter groaned and fell back into Wade. He'd been hovering over his shoulder and had seen the text too.
Wade continued to lean into Peter’s side but looked like he wanted to embrace him and never let go…it mirrored Tony’s own feelings.
Tony casually slipped out of the elevator and stepped in front of him. He asked, “Are we really going to watch a movie or are we going to use it as an excuse to start off where we last stopped off.”
Peter frowned bitterly at the paperwork in front of him. Feeling like a petulant child, he whined, “But
“…Or maybe somewhere else? In plain clothes?” Peter asked, remembering how badly he wanted to be with Wade without his mask.
‘Somewhere where super soldiers snuggle billionaire geniuses.’
His first problem was getting out of SHIELD medical…
Tony grinned slyly at Steve and crawled up his body. He collapsed on his chest, almost totally smothering the light from his arch reactor. Tony’s erection was hot and hard against his flaccid cock. However, Steve felt blood pooling back into his cock and every tiny movement made by Tony made his blood flow faster.
Maybe he was not meant to have a soulmate because he was meant to be Captain America instead.
human beings in a
Eventually, Pepper left and Tony returned to his work on the reactor. Steve curled up with his tablet on the couch and stared at the blank screen as he contemplated what to do.
He sat up sharply, gasping for breath like he’d been underwater for too long.
“B-But it’s just wrong!” Bruce gasped desperately.
Tony paused and, for a second, his mind sputtered as he searched for a reason for it to be gone. But then he realized what had happened in a matter of seconds.
“Oh my God,” he hissed. His hands hovered over the matted blood in Steve’s hair. “Are you okay? What did he do to you?!”
If he lost Wade, Peter couldn’t imagine ever finding love again, because Wade was it. He was the love of Peter’s life and he wouldn’t trade him for anything. Peter had trusted his fragile heart to Wade and he knew it would now only survive in Wade’s hold…and Peter would not have it any other way.
The back ramp was slightly dislodged, letting in a few rays of light. Steve pushed on it with a mighty shove and opened it the rest of the way.
Tony was the one who came up with the idea. He knew Steve did not want Peter’s life dictated by the media like their lives had evolved into and, ultimately, because of that, they decided to go with the second option.
“Now go to your room and stay there until dinner,” Steve commanded.
asleep.
“I’m sorry,” Peter gasped, lightly grasping Steve’s arm with was probably all the strength he could muster. “I didn’t mean to – I didn’t want to. Tell all those people’s families I am so-so sorry.”
“Yeah, I like it. Fabricate it. Make it,” Tony said and then fully turned to Enigma’s screen. Jarvis had
I literally had to rewatch Iron Man twice and rewrite this entire chapter like three times until I was satisfied with it! XD
A young Tony suddenly appeared on screen and Howard rounded on the boy, saying, “Tony? What are you doing back there? What is that? Put that back! Put that back where you got it from! Where’s your mother? Maria! Go!  Go!”
Tony looked back up to the far away face and thickly gulped. There were so many things he wanted to say to his super soldier…He didn’t even know where to begin…
Tony widened the viewing screen of their living room just as Peter entered the picture and, not a moment later, Steve was at his side.
Fury smirked and it was the first time Steve had actually seen him smile. The SHIELD director shook his head and murmured, “You two don’t change…alright, let’s pack this up, shall we?”
Instead, Steve pointed at the blue glow in his chest and asked, “What is that?”
He had a newer message from Sam Wilson from while he had been in the shower. He touched it to open it and spun around on his heel to leave the room, planning to read the text as he walked.
Gary nodded and quickly readied his order. The older man suddenly paused and paled as he looked over Steve’s shoulder.
“Susan Tyler,” Tony replied and Steve’s brows shot together.
Steve knelt, holding his shield between himself and the stranger, and lightly touched his waist, checking for weapons.
“Look at the camera.”
As Tony turned on the water to the shower, Steve removed all of the sheets from the bed, wadding it up for the washing machine. He seemed determined to take every article off the bed. A soldier through and through
“Yes…” Peter answered slowly as he turned away from the door. They knew about his aunt. They must have known everything about him. SHEILD probably had an entire file on him by now. He did not know if he should feel proud or scared.
After days of beatings, Steve felt like every breath he took was coated in blood and the fresh, cold air only made his throat more raw. He only ate a few bites a day and most of the water he drank when Schmidt tried to suffocate him under it. They rarely let him sleep and the only reprieve was when he fell unconscious.
Gabe had been on their way to them, carrying his medic bag. He nodded them over to a Jeep and sat Tony inside as he took his vitals. He gave him another injection of Penicillin and asked, “Any change since yesterday?”
Tony had seen him naked numerous times but every time he treated Steve as if he was a precious piece of art. The way he was looking at him right made Steve’s toes curl and his breathing shallow.
“Didn’t mean to interrupt but it seemed like you two were entering some pretty personal territory there,” Tony murmured, his voice also sounded harsh but it was not as bad as Peter’s.
Now, not only was the future was at stake…but Tony’s
“How about we kiss like Peter and Wade would?”
For Peter’s fourth birthday, Steve expected there to be not as much drama as Peter’s third birthday.
Jarvis was going to confirm Steve was the Winter Soldier.
world would change too…
Steve smothered Tony’s mouth before he could finish the statement. He broke away to inhale a sharp breath. His chest felt so tight and constricted, like he was being crushed by the wave of happiness that suddenly surged upon him.
“Pe—,” was all Steve was able to get out before the beast that once was his son swallowed him whole.
“Yes, Sir.”
Peter lost interest in the couch and went to work at his mock workstation. As the workstation started to make whirling noises, Steve picked up his head and found Tony leaning back against a counter and was watching Steve. As he looked at him, Steve realized he was wearing the same clothing yesterday and there were dark bags under his eyes.
“Hello, my prince,” Peter’s voice purred into his ear, making Wade jump.
Tony squeezed Steve a little tighter and inhaled his unique scent, solidifying the man in his mind. He just needed to keep reminding himself of that he was here to stay and eventually he should be able to stomach the darkness.
“Bruce?” Steve gasped at the same time.
“Trust me,” she murmured. “You don’t want to speak to the Colonel after Howard. No one will. But you do need to speak to Tony right now.”
Peter looked back to Wade and whispered, “Is Steve alright? I didn’t…I didn’t kill him, did I?”
“Fuck yes,” Steve groaned, pushing Tony into the bed as their clothes disappeared.
“Why does everyone think we stole someone’s baby??” Tony demanded.
that the emotion could nearly burst from his chest and spread the joy to dozens more.
“But she blasted that bitch out because she was a badass!” Sam said with a laugh. He pointed at the screen in front of them and stated, “Vision is about to blast our alien into the sun so I think we skipped that part of the movie!”
Happy was still in a coma. Tony looked wistfully out the window up to the portion of the building which was SHEILD Medical, he told Steve Happy had been transferred there that morning from the hospital in California.
The plane was tipped at a slight downward angle and light was leaking from the back of the plane so Steve made the long trek to the other end of the aircraft. A few steps in, he came across his shield.
The man’s one eye widened and, after a long pause, asked, “How did you-?”
Steve happily pulled Tony into an embrace. Tony mumbled something unintelligible into his chest and Steve pulled back to better hear him. He noted his hands were covered in the crud from Tony’s skin and he looked down to see the sheets were also in need of changing.
Steve smiled at his soulmate and said, “Have Jarvis pull it out of my contacts.”
Tony smirked. He felt like he had won some kind of test. He pulled Steve onward and whispered, “We’re almost there.”
“You can control it!” Bruce gasped excitedly.
The boys are finally together but for how long?
“I can't begin to imagine what the next person who uses this room will think happened here,” Steve laughed.
, but forwent his teenage issues with his dad in favor of saving whatever future was left to him.
They took him to their precinct for questioning on where he went after the cameraman’s murder. Steve did not object but he didn't know how he was going to handle it. He could not tell them about Bucky but they would want to know where he was this entire time. He had been missing for almost eight hours.
“Were there any witnesses?” She demanded.
alone.
Wade smiled back and put his hand over Peter's.
He made Happy drive him around until he finally decided on returning to the Tower but he didn’t go to the penthouse. Instead, he went to his lab and took comfort in the bio-shield.
The room was in shatters and the waiting room metal chairs were in a tangled mess spread out unevenly along the perimeter of the room. The once white-grey tiles were stained black and a fine layer of smoke hovered in the air.
Tony dramatically flopped the upper half his body out of the window and sighed heavily.
“I should have run, Pops,” Peter cried. “My sense was going off but I did not run. You shouldn’t have t-to do it.
Did Venom ignore an order from Peter?
Tony slipped over him and pressed him into the bed. He greedily kissed his mouth and Steve’s cock instantly popped up. Steve ran his hands through Tony’s hair with a slight moan and rubbed his body wantonly beneath Tony. Morning sex was his favorite kind.
(See the end of the chapter for
He did hear the burst of concentrated air fill the room with a sharp hiss. The gas took effect almost instantaneously. Peter grew lethargic and he was able to make out Bruce’s voice saying, “We’ll free you, Peter.”
However, Tony kept looking at Steve, searching for that strange feeling he felt in the heat of battle. He chewed on his thumb and watched Steve as he and Monty laughed at something Jim had said. Steve’s laugh made the butterflies in Tony’s stomach flutter and his denials began to crumble.
Dad knelt next to Pops and Peter and gathered both of them in his arms. He crushed both of them tighter together in his hold and happily gasped, “Pops is fine. We’re a family again.”
When they reached the floor, the doors opened and they could hear the raised voices. Bruce flinched and said, “I think I am going to wait here…Jarvis can tell me when it’s safe to approach.”
“Can May and I drop by this weekend?”
Shoot.
Tony and Peter were laying on the floor. Peter, as always, was curled into his father’s side and his young face was contorted in anguish, even as he slept. Tony was awake and sitting at an uncomfortable angle with his unbroken arm slung protectively around Peter’s back. Tony motioned Bruce to be quiet so he tiptoed the rest of the way and silently knelt beside them.
Peter pretended he didn’t notice Wade’s interest and stood up to reach over the bar as the bartender held out the drink to him. Dennis went to the other side of the bar and Peter sat back down. Wade tipped his head to the side, watching Peter’s physic as he stood.
“No,” she retorted, putting her hands on her hips. “You are going to give him his space as he sorts this whole mess.”
He had multiple gunshot wounds but he had to ignore them in favor of getting to Schmidt. He had to stop him. He was almost done.
For all intents and purposes, he was dead. The first thing checked off before filling out a death certificate was to see if the implant zeroed. He was as good as dead and no one would pause to think there was a possibility that the Red Skull had removed it from his arm. Everyone would just assume he survived until now because the Red Skull had slowly tortured Steve to death.
Gabe chuckled and pulled a small flashlight from his bag and held it up to Tony’s eyes. He flashed it back and forth a few times and then murmured, “Your pupils seem fine…”
Tony was weirdly silent too. Steve had grown used to his voice as the man obviously liked to talk but he seemed to be taking the situation seriously and his eyes spanned the perimeter, looking around them and…above them?
Steve glanced to Tony and saw him looking at their pictures with a small but happy grin.
He couldn’t do
“Central Park?” Steve asked as he stepped in.
Steve entered and looked like he was going to greet him but halted as soon as his eyes focused on Tony. His eyes snapped from Tony and then to the reactor several feet away.
It was so unfair.
The caller paused then whispered, “I’m so sorry. What I did was selfish and stupid and I won’t do it again…Once I take care of the Mandarin I promise I will come home and not just to the Tower but to you too. You’re my home, Steve.” Tony Stark paused then, before hanging up, whispered, “I love you.”
“I’m sorry, Steve,” Tony gasped. “Friday cut off connection.”
“How many other women have you slept with?!”
“I can help, Tony,” Steve whispered. “I understand if you don’t want me there for you but as Captain America…”
Other versions of the robot were crawling over his parents’ half of the car. Steve pushed Tony behind him and then punched out one of the robots. Tony wouldn’t be able to join in the fight because the suit he had in this car was underneath the seat Peter was sitting on.
Howard was heading toward the Command tent and Steve asked, “Are you going to Colonel Phillips?”
Tony promised the Mark III, “You’re never going to have the Stark name attached to you. But I need to come up with a name for people to call me while I’m in this...because Mark III just won’t do…” He looked back up to the face shield and asked the inert armor, “What do you think?” He grinned as only one superhero reference came to mind. Remembering his days playing Howling Commandos as a child, he butchered Cap’s title and suggested, “Captain Metal?” He chuckled to himself, it sounded more like a poorly named metal rock band. “Or maybe Captain Arc Reactor…”
materials??”
Tony led the way and Natasha asked the other two about their old place in Brooklyn. Steve and Bucky traded off as they described it. Tony wordlessly led them all, wearing a big smile that none of them could see. The stairs led them down into a hall and Tony opened a side door that led them the back way into their new living room.
Peter went to the other elevator and hit the up button.
Peter bit down on his lip and stretched his arms above him, hooking his hands behind Wade’s neck. He moved his body suggestively against Wade’s and Wade’s eyes popped open as their hips rubbed together. Peter’s erection touched Wade’s and Peter groaned, biting harder on his lip from the sensation.
“G’night,” Steve replied.
They cautiously followed Bruce and they stepped inside.
Tony’s gaze was pointed down and a small happy, flush stained his cheeks. He murmured, “I'd like that…”
Peter crawled over him and then lightly touched his abdomen, just above his cock. His fingers lightly grazed the base of his shaft and Peter commented, “You’ve got no pubic hair.”
Until Wade was added to the mix.
“…It was a picture…from that day,” Steve replied, drawing Tony’s hand up to his mouth and lightly kissing his knuckles. He still marveled at the fact that he was alive and couldn’t stop touching him.
Bucky’s eyes flickered up to meet hers. His gaze was pinched with pain and confusion and he hissed with feeling and effort, “
Tony nodded to himself and then went over to the toilet to flush it and add to his deception. He washed his hands in the sink and then returned to the bedroom.
The room was large with not much in it other than a few tables and machines she could not name. But, the centerpiece was the chair that Steve had sat in. It was empty and James circled it like it was something that could attack them at any moment.
“Just me,” he hissed through swollen lips. “L-Let her go.”
Due to his momentum, Peter wouldn't have been able to dodge the move, even with his Spidey-Sense, but he didn't need his sense. He had Venom.
Except, Thor grinned and replied, “The mighty Hulk holds him in his grip. Our comrades caught up to us and now hold down our foes.”
“…Okay, even I speak science and that word escapes me,” Tony murmured, crossing his arms over his chest.
“You were more than happy about me talking about our vows I just assumed –,” Tony began, leading Steve toward the front door.
“Ohhh, what do you smell?” Wade playfully inquired, rolling on the bed to wound bedsheets around him.
“Hey, no poaching off my team,” Steve grumbled to the engineer before Tony could say anything.
And they both avoided talking about the huge white elephant in the room of Steve’s existence. Tony had survived such a traumatic experience that both of them unanimously agreed to concentrate on loving each other instead of thinking about the future.
“You looked very serious just now,” Bucky commented. Voicing one of his fears, he whispered, “…Is it about Zola? Will we…will we not catch him?”
Steve passed them and Thor before finally settling into the empty spot next to Tony. His soulmate smirked at him but his eyes were full of warmth and love. Before the War, Steve hadn’t thought this was possible either. He never thought he’d be with a man or…be this happy.
That night was no different, only he did not recall killing another target.
Tony let out a strangled sob for a whole other reason as Steve inserted another finger into him. Tony thrust his hips in Steve's direction and his joy and desire spiraled together into his blood, directing the flow of his hands and the pulse of his thrusts.
As soon as everyone was in the vehicle, Sam pressed the gas to the metal and they took off.
Before Tony could dissect his words, Steve fell upon him and water flowed away from him in all directions. Steve’s entire body was submerged up to his neck. Steve’s mouth was instantly on Tony’s stomach, tasting his skin and refining his muscles with tiny bites.
“What you said…earlier,” Steve began. His gaze flickered uneasily and he murmured, “You said being gay is frowned upon in
But, as they fought Jarvis suddenly spoke up in his ear via the communicator.
,” Tony purred. Steve grinned as that purr vibrated through his body in a thrilling way. Tony played with his pencil and then asked, “Have any plans tonight?”
“You two kissed?!” Clint gasped. Thankfully he did not read between Natasha’s lines
“I will be back in an hour, there is something I have to take care of...” Steve retorted, contorting the blanket in his grasp. He did not look his way, feeling guilty for doing what he was doing. Maybe his grief was clouding his judgment but at that moment Steve knew he had to contact Bucky.
“One,” she stated, ignoring Stark and holding up one finger. “You will tell me your name. And two, you will tell me mine. If you still want to kill me after remembering both then you are welcome to.”
“No,” Bucky grunted as he jumped the fence. Steve quickly followed with a fluid jump and Bucky continued, “I’ve been holding up around the Tower, keeping an eye on you.”
Tony leaned back into his touch and assured him, “I’m fine.”
He and Tony had not exchanged a word since they parted in the elevator. He was giving Tony his space and he prayed Tony would be willing to forgive him when he returned. Yet, because of his silence, Steve had no idea what Tony was feeling.
There were a lot of hugs and excited exclamations shared in various languages as the groups intermingled. Steve watched it all with a found smile and overheard the scientists catching up and trading information. Eventually, an Indian man was lead over to him by the Russian’s leader.
He was going to have nightmares about a non-serum Steve dying but – “But he’s going to live??”
God…please let this work.
“I like it,” Steve whispered, leaning into Tony’s side again.
“Steve!”
“…Is there anything I can do to help?” Peter asked.
“Bucky?” Steve asked sleepily, pushing himself up. Tony slid off Steve’s chest and to his lap. He grumbled sleepily, wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist, and buried his face into the flesh of his abdomen. Steve glanced at the clock on his bedside table, it was a little past three in the morning.
belong together and Tony did not care if they waited a few more years or got married tomorrow.
That was it. He was either somehow whisked into a scifi novel or he was still dreaming.
He wanted to hold onto him forever and never let go.
“W-We made this substance to be strong, to withstand a lot…” Brock stated uneasily.
“No, it’s not you,” Tony vehemently stated. “It’s me! It’s all me! I was planning on changing something to-to make your future better…”
Tony smiled warmly in Steve’s direction.
“Not today,” Wade said resolutely.
Steve was just wearing his nice buttoned-down shirts and regular slacks. He nervously played with the top button on his throat as he watched Tony.
Steve sighed heavily and looked away from the horizon to focus all of his attention on Tony.
Tony promised, “You could never tie me down. Hell, Pepper has been trying to tie me down for years. No one can rein me in! But you…you certainly center me.” Tony pulled back and cupped Steve’s cheek, forcing him to look at him and he continued, “Before you, I was just flying around with no purpose. I was unhappy, but now I am so happy I could burst! ...I want to stay with you because without you I am aimless. Even if you are locked away, not that I believe you will be, I would want to be with you. I love you no matter what. And, that being said, need I remind you that you are Captain America and no one is going to lock you away.
"I love you, Buck, you're like the brother I never had...Come back to us, ok?" Steve whispered.
“Tony—,” Steve gasped, his voice strained. He felt like he was having an asthma attack. His chest was being constricted and only the tiniest bits of oxygen seemed to slip past his swollen throat.
Happy Holidays!
Tony coughed as the air quickly grew thick with smoke and he warily lifted his head to see if his assailant had survived.
“None of this was one the schematics!” Tony hissed, more to himself as a curse. All of them but Thor had also seen the building’s old layout and understood his frustration. The door to the warehouse was supposed to open up to one large, open room that had once been used to store shipping containers. Instead, it opened to a small room, not much larger than a closet. The opposite wall had three doors, each with a number above. Between doors one and two, was the message Bruce was referring to.
Steve loved Harry but he could not stand Norman. The man was cynical and practically had no part in his own son’s life. When Tony first met Peter and found out who his mother was, he had confided he thought Mary and Richard had disappeared because Norman had scared them off. Norman was a hard man and held frighteningly aggressive grudges. Steve once overheard him on the phone with an incompetent employee and literally winced from roaring insults he threw at his underling. Tony did not like him either but put up with him originally because of the technological contract they both held and now he put up with him because of Peter’s connection to Harry.
Peter dropped his head and put his hand over Steve’s. He whispered, “I care about him…I’ve kissed him but I’m scared of doing more. I had kissed before but the mechanics of kissing with a man and a woman are pretty much the same…after that though…”
James shakily unbuckled his belt with the extra clips and tossed them to her. She nodded in thanks and then pointed only her gun outside and fired a few wild rounds to use up the last of her shots.
Tony stared at Barnes’ angry face and imagined Steve in his place, attacking Tony, trying to kill him, and unable to remember him. His heart broke simply imagining it. He couldn’t imagine what Natasha was going through.
He glared at her and hissed, “I am going to kill you.”
“You should have seen my dad’s reaction,” Peter sarcastically retorted and Logan snorted. Peter asked, “Not that I don’t mind seeing you…but what are you doing here, Logan?”
“Of course,” Tony replied. “Take your time. We can customize it however you want. Just let me know, okay?”
“Give me your coordinates, I’ll find you a safe landing site,” she retorted stubbornly.
Peter’s stomach flipped nervously. Wade was being serious.
“Awesome,” Eddie replied with a grin.
The teasing could wait until Peter was safe and sound in his own bed.
Steve’s composure broke and he pulled Tony into a tight embrace as he gasped, “Thank God, you’re back!”
“I’m fine. He had a bad reaction to something I said,” Steve whispered hoarsely.
They rounded the corner to find Natasha sitting at the counter, nursing a mug of coffee, and Bucky by the oven, cooking something on the stovetop. But Bucky was turned to them and his eyes seemed to get a little glassy, yet he hid whatever emotions he was feeling by sarcastically stating, “I was starting to think Stevie coming back was all a dream until yous started your fuckfest this morning.”
“I’ll do it,” Mary stated as she stepped forward, unsteadily from her limp.
Tony’s widened a little and he whispered, “You want to come out to them…
He was itching to get back to the dusty security of his workshop.
The mass pooled into Peter’s mouth and he started to choke.
, contact me immediately.”
“He already had a few medical classes under his belt for his degree and has been studying it more recently for the team,” Peter explained, closing his eyes, still feeling a little tired. "He wanted to do more than Smash!"
He got permission to fly off of the roof where the show was filmed and he was back to the Tower in no time with no hassle from New York's infamous traffic or paparazzi.
Steve flushed and rolled his eyes. He replied, “Of course.”
Peter lay down on top of Wade, cushioning his head on his arms just above Wade’s heart, and he asked, “What I was
As Steve fell unconscious, the last thing he felt was Bucky lifting him onto his shoulder and beginning to carry him away.
Peter pointed at them and said, “Send them back.”
Sneaky had yet to return and Steve was beginning to wonder if he ever would or if he was even real.
Bucky’s metal arm also caught the light and drew his gaze beyond his and Tony’s hands to Bucky and his dance partner.
Steve gulped as he imagined kissing this man. It would be so easy to do and, days prior, it was have only been a dirty secret but now it was a possibility. Steve gulped again as he corrected himself. No it was not a possibility. It was a certainty. Tony wanted to have the paparazzi catch them in a kiss. It was going to happen. The only question was…When?
Natasha chuckled but her face became more serious when his gaze focused on her. She grasped his right hand and slowly drew it down her body. He watched his limb’s progress with a dry mouth. She settled his hand on her breast and let out a breathless gasp as he cupped it.
He sat up sharply, peering at his phone in alarm.
Steve had hurriedly explained in a long winded summary that he didn’t just come up with this idea. It had taken years for the notion to take root in his mind and bloom into an awareness that he could perceive. Steve had realized none of the dames Bucky was always gawking at, interested Steve. With this revelation, Steve began to look at the young men around him…and liked what he saw...
cover up your junk at least.”
The smell that came off that “suit” still lingered in his nose and he needed to get it out.
Venom roared in fury and exploded in a giant mass around Steve. Everyone, Steve included, stared at the mass in shock. Seconds later, it shrunk onto Steve’s form and whatever form of control he had was lost.
Once the cloths were soaked and the water hot enough, Steve used one to wash away the excess blood. Tony sat up straighter and gritted his teeth when the cloth touched his wound but he made no noise of complaint. When he was satisfied with it being cleaned enough, Steve pressed the other cloths into the wound and felt Tony’s muscles seize beneath him.
. Look at him. Don’t you see pieces of yourself in him?”
Bucky reached over and pinched him.
He nodded again and, after a moment’s hesitation, leaned down and lightly kissed her. She kissed him back, threading her hands through his hands, and then pulled back with a bittersweet smile.
“Sir, is everything alright?” Jarvis asked, turning on the lights for him.
Steve put down his sketchbook and grinned eagerly at Tony. When did Steve become so blessed that he warranted such a perfect boyfriend?
will be your significant other!” Tony gasped excitedly.
“Jarvis, tell the team to start without us,” Steve commanded.
“What-?!”
Tony wrapped his arms around the back of Steve’s head and pressed him deeper into his chest. He pressed his face into Steve’s scalp and brokenly whispered into his hair, “I love you.”
Tony wound his arms behind Steve’s neck to deepen the kiss and the super soldier, his heart and life, pressed back into him with a smile.
“Jeez, I have to come in after that?” Clint grumbled as Thor stepped back. He knelt in from on Peter and said, “Happy birthday, little man. Uh, let’s say I inserted an inspiring quote here, remember I am your coolest Uncle, and have an awesome birthday!” Clint rubbed Peter’s head, making his hair stand on end and making Peter laugh.
Tony’s breath hitched and his fingers dug into Steve’s back. He gasped, “You shouldn’t say things like that…Unless you mean it.”
By way of answering, Steve said, “Jarvis, can you play back the video Bruce showed me?”
Steve wordlessly picked him up and Tony made no move to help himself into his arms. He kept his arms crossed over his chest, his frown in place, and his gaze pointed elsewhere.
“Don’ do that again, Papa!” Peter grumbled in his arms.
With their eyes connected like this, Tony could see Steve’s reactions. He could see how much he came undone by the blow job. Steve blushed from a combination of embarrassment and arousal. It was the most erotic and intimate thing Steve had ever done and he couldn’t imagine sharing it with anyone other than the man between his legs.
Steve huffed a small laugh and both of his eyebrows rose as he smiled at Tony. He was lying in bed, eating his second bowl of cereal that Tony had artfully prepared. Tony had his feet propped up on the bed with his laptop on his lap as he worked out the final details with Coulson on the Avengers’ reemergence.
“Papa?” Peter gasped, his tears came to an immediate halt as soon as Steve absorbed the hurt meant for him.
Edwards had been the last name Tony used in the past and now Steve would adopt it for his own. It was almost appropriate as he was going to marry the man one day and most married people share a last name...they never had the chance to discuss what they were going to do. If they'd only been engaged more than a couple of hours before all of this, then they may had found the time to discuss it...
and you know it!” Tony yelled, “He doesn’t want to fight for you! Leave him alone! He’s done and lost enough already!”
“Just for you, baby boy,” Wade sighed melodramatically.
“Just take it out before I pass out!” Tony snapped.
feel surreal. As a kid, like everyone else my age, I had imagined joining the Avengers and now I’m living with them. Sometimes it feels like I am in a dream. Especially if Vision suddenly phases through a wall or Steve lifts a large piece of furniture without any effort. But, at the same time, they’re my family. I love them and being with them doesn’t feel surreal…until Bruce Hulks out.”
was the Chameleon’s gift to the Goblin for his escape from SHIELD,” Mary replied. “He wanted a way to get Venom to the boy and he felt his mother was the best way to go about it. So I was created with the boy’s DNA. Remember the break in at your tower? The Goblin broke into your husband’s lab to throw off suspicion but he was after Peter’s DNA. You all fell for it beautifully, by the way.”
"You are such an ass,” Peter muttered. He pointed his hand to a faraway building and shot off his web shooter. A white web blasted across the sky and hit the said building. He jumped and Tony followed.
“Love you too, Steve,” Tony murmured in thanks to his absent husband. He grabbed the aspirin and the water bottle first and quickly swallowed a few pills with a quick swig. He dressed quickly and wondered how long he had been asleep. He felt refreshed and wondered if he missed anything.
“Congratulations. I know you’ve been looking for him for a long time.”
to understand! Ever since I saw you the other day these memories have been coming back, memories of you, memories of us—.”
Steve sighed and said, “Thank you…I understand. Hopefully the trial does not happen.”
Tony rolled his eyes but he opened the bag and threw a handful in his mouth.
He cautiously nodded.
“God, Steve,” Tony gasped. With his free hand, he tightly gripped his thigh and sloppily kissed the inside of his leg and gasped, “You’re going to make me come if you keep making noises like that.”
Peter rolled his eyes and said, “He’s my pops, Uncle Tony, I gonna be just as strong as him! I plan on taking his job!”
to be sleeping.
“GET YOUR DAMN HANDS OFF MY SON!” Steve roared, clenching his fists.
He could’ve been jumping around, trying to learn as much about his future as possible. Instead, he was content to simply kiss Steve and he decided he rather experience their future themselves. From what he learned from time traveling already, the future was limitless and he wanted to experience it all with the man beside him.
In the back of his mind, he could hear Tony cheering, ‘One point to Team Cap!’
“Where?” Tony asked, his voice breathless.
“Operational,” Bucky replied, sitting up a little straighter.
Natasha grasped Bucky’s arm and assured them, “We are just investigating right now. If it turns out to dangerous then we’ll enlist the Avengers’ help…We don’t want to worry people. James and I can handle it. Now, what is this about Peter and Wade?”
“He was bad. It was allowed.”
“No,” Steve said, grabbing Tony’s arm, preventing him from standing. “You
Steve felt sick seeing Tony like this. Steve could survive this. His serum protected him from many mortal injuries. But Tony…his Tony…was so
Internally, Peter’s mind was screaming for Steve to help him.
Steve had stumbled upon one of the videos once and he watched it out of morbid curiosity. Thanks to the serum, he could remember every scene perfectly and he now imagined himself in the place of Tony’s partner. His cock throbbed – oh God – he would not be able to stand without Tony noticing.
Steve nodded and took a sip from his coffee. Tony turned off his holograms, placed his coffee on the counter, and motioned Steve closer. Steve complied and placed his coffee next to Tony’s before stepping up to him. His knees bumped into Tony’s and Tony gently placed his hands on Steve’s hips. Steve relaxed into his grip.
Tony turned to the others, with an arm across Steve’s back to give him support. Barnes was curled into Thor and his face looked more relaxed than he had ever seen before but, he knew looks could be deceiving.
When they entered the crowded halls, Tony kept an eye out for Steve and listened to Howard as he updated him on his mother’s condition and asked his opinion on the flowers he purchased for her.
And Tony wouldn’t have it any other way.
Before she could reply to either question, the answer was indirectly supplied when the door burst open and men in tactical gear surrounded him.
, Pep.”
“Yes! Don’t you see! It’s perfect! Not only are you in a stable relationship but you are with a
Vision turned to Tony and said, “I do not think Venom is purposely trying to hurt Peter. Peter is his host. It cannot survive long without him. I hypothesize the ‘crushing’ Peter is feeling is Venom’s attempt at fusion.”
“So am I,” Peter replied with a smile.
Steve looked to his hand and saw the little finger was still there but he looked back to the photo and saw the pinkie there was gone, faded like Tony had.
His one wish: to save Tony.
Tony paused by the front door and turned to Peter. He said, “Just ask May about it. Tell her I was here. She hates my guts but she will tell you the truth. I’m willing to talk, all you need to do is call that number.” He motioned to the card Steve left on the sofa.
Wade replied with a myriad of random emojis and Peter laughed. His heart, meanwhile, felt light and airy. He hadn’t felt this happy in a long time and he couldn’t help but reflect on that as he watched Wade’s texts come in with a warm smile.
Clint nodded and drew one of his arrows before murmuring, “Come on, Thor.”
Grief and pity weighed down on Steve as he peered at Bucky's profile. Bucky was probably not meeting his eyes just to avoid seeing it in his gaze.
“Har har har,” Tony fake laughed. He then grumbled, “Help me up and get me to someone who can help me with this lovely shiner. I think it’s going to need stitches. Peggy said she’d find someone to help but it’s been a while and my head is killing me…”
“Yes,” Tony was a little breathless. He could punch himself in the gutt.
Jarvis, bless him, sent the address through text.
“I’m not in the mood for your games, Greg.”
That was three days ago. Tony thought to himself, grumbling as he waited at the coffee shop. He had two coffees already ready partially because he was nervous, partially because he didn’t know what to do with the two hours he was at the coffee shop.
Steve felt like he was crashing. He had gotten job after job to pay for his mother’s exuberant medical bills but it never was enough. They were climbing in debt and Sarah was getting sicker and sicker.
When Tony didn’t say anything, just
“Bucky-“ Rogers began.
The next week, he scrounged up enough money to buy a Stark tablet. It wasn’t much, one of their older models, but it was as much as he could afford for the time being.
“Three months! Ransom! Harley’s birthday is in three months!” Tony cried.
Steve continued bottoming out, ramming into Tony, causing the sub to writhe with pleasure.
JARVIS compiled a whole influx of data on Steve Rogers, everything from the secure secret Shield to the public forums, past, future, present. Not only that, J compiled it from most important to least, allowing Tony to look through the info.
“Ok, we’ll go slow,” Steve promised.
“What would you suggest?” Tony scoffed.
Steve couldn’t help feeling sick to his stomach, but as he scanned the crowd, he knew Stone’s colleagues were there, watching.
“You’re late to the 8:00 meeting. Can’t be
Those cold blue eyes watched him, “what are your conditions.”
Bucky gasped, “you haven’t even heard his plan, Stevie!”
Tony chewed his lower lip, looking away, “you…”
There was a moment of silence as Tony tried to collect himself.
Tony sat up when he heard that familiar voice, tears not yet fallen down his cheeks, stomping off into the direction of the restrooms. Rhodey knew that Tony didn’t like to show his bullies that he was crying because of them, so, after Tony was out of hearing range, Rhodey took things into his own hands.
Once he returned with the food trays, he realized he hadn’t gotten a good meal since the night he was incarcerated. He was fucking starving.
“Oh, Steve, what the fuck are you doing,” Bucky muttered to himself.
It wasn’t Peter’s handwriting. Tony smiled to himself. Maybe Peter was making friends after all. Some kid in the neighborhood that Tony didn’t know. He’ll have to ask Peter when he came back home, but Tony didn’t have time to ruminate over such things. He had to get to work or he could get told off for being late again.
“I don’t know, Maximoff did something to him. She did something to everyone.”
“Nothing, I just need to know why Captain America keeps calling you,” the woman continued, playing with a knife, “why you?”
Rogers turned around and leaned over Tony on the bed, “I like you, Tony. You are a beautiful sub, but I barely know you. I don’t bed strangers.”
“These parts aren’t quite what’s needed but thank you,” Tony said, eyes glowing with mirth.
It had been Tony’s breaking point.
“Fuck you, Bucky, do you think I’d ever- ever hurt Tony like that?” Steve asked.
Tony had said, shaking, eyes growing wide, sad, and lost, “
Tony was crying. Sobbing quietly. Tears streamed down his face.
“Yeah… thank you,” Rogers wiped his face with his free hand but clasped Tony’s hand with his other and squeezed. Tony went beat red. He tried to hide his face in his second cup but Steve’s warm mirthful gaze told him he was not successful.
“Fine, sorry, sore topic,” Greg said with an easy smile, “Steve asked about you.”
When the dom touched Tony’s limp cock, Rogers stopped.
“What the fuck is happening?” Steve snapped, too bewildered to do anything.
“They do?” Steve perked up.
Steve saying, “what?”
“You- it- I feel so good- I- never,” Tony sobbed, “it never felt good. It never-“
“Tony, what’s going on?” Rogers and the others watched him.
“Yeah, sure,” Tony said, feeling comfortable at his place at the register.
“Tony,” Tony shook Steve’s firm hand, “Tony Stark.”
But this felt as real to him, as solid to him as Asimov’s laws of robotics.
“The problem,” Bucky snapped, “the problem is that this will hurt
The man hung up on the other end.
Steve’s eyes lingered on Iron man. Out of everyone here, the robot seemed the most dangerous. But also, surprisingly, the most understanding of Steve’s situation.
Rhodey didn’t get the message, punching Rogers in his handsome stupid face.
“I don’t want anything,” Greg said as he sat down on the couch casually.
Hammer was transferred to another prison, but Tony couldn’t care less.
He stepped towards, circling around the large complex. It was huge, towering just below the tips of tall pines scattered across the land. The structure looked pristine- Undamaged by the elements like it was built this morning. He furled his brow, which could possibly be the reason for this structure to be made on an island that the locals feared to go near. Perhaps there were people living on the island? People who did not fear those children tales that the locals spoke reverantly about the island?
“To-“
They both paused. Tony felt his heart going a mile a minute.
“Not by choice,” Iron man said quietly, “but I’ve seen the shrine the Starks have built for you. It’s…”
“Why would you be looking for a dead guy?” Steve asked.
This time Bucky audibly laughed.
exist- then he was back into a reality that everyone he had just saved were decimated by aliens.
“All dead,” Steve answered.
On the one hand, Steve Rogers was a hero. He was Tony’s childhood dream, a poster Tony would stare at, hoping that he would come down and save Tony from Howard and the shitty life he was given. Steve was his first wet dream, hoping someone would hold him while he cried when he was bullied for being too young, too smart, too stupid, too naive. Steve was his inspiration, when he was trapped in the cave with a car battery attached to his heart.
“I don’t need one,” Sarah had commented, punching at her son on the side, “I’m fit as a fiddle!”
“You don’t need to pretend with me,” Steve said softly.
His hopes were immediately dashed as Bucky walked into the room, “holy fuck. What happened to you?”
Tony said nothing.
They were smiling, laughing, and just enjoying life.
Tony stared at Steve like a deer in headlights, “Steve… you shouldn’t have…”
“That’s not healthy, Tony,” Steve said quietly.
Tony quickly put on his clothes and followed the dom out of the shower room.
Tony was swaying on his feet. Maybe he should have stayed with Obi. At least, with those bruises, he could go as he pleased. His eyes drooped.
“What?” Tony asked.
“I do,” Tony said, eyes alight.
“Oh, you’ll be Orphelia. It’s better for an omega anyway,” the professor scoffed, “we shall reconvene in three days' time here. Don’t be late, Mr.-“
Rogers leaned down and, for one shocking moment, Tony thought Captain America was going to kiss him, but instead he said for Tony’s ears only, “you can call me Steve.”
“Rogers?” Tony said drearily, “where were you?”
“I don’t know, fuck, why don’t you ask him? You shouldn’t sneak up on me, I have a fucking heart condition-“ Tony snarled.
“Who’s in the suit?” Steve asked curiously as he peeled off his Captain America uniform.
“No, no,” Tony shoved at Steve but he was useless against that supersoldier strength, “I shouldn’t have told you.”
Harley nodded as if he trusted Steve’s judgement. Steve couldn’t help but feel grateful.
“Howard,” Obadiah drawled, bored.
Tony would rarely join in their banter, but when he first saw Bruce, he recognized him, “you’re Bruce Banner.”
“Prince Stark-“
Howard looked up, irate, while Obi sat by looking like a lazy cat who got the cream.
I can’t say anymore
In life, Steve had been efficient, blunt, and unsubtle. His emotions and his movements were broad, simple things, applied like white-wash over plaster: even and fair. In the twilight of death, deadly grace had crept in on Steve from the corners, and it surprised him how delicately he placed his hand on the breast of Tony’s work-pocked leather apron.
There was a time when the West was full of old gods. Huge dark things that ran with the buffalo, ghosts of elk and mammoth. Gods of hide and chipped flint.
Steve stepped through the doorway to the blacksmith’s shop with inhuman slowness. He made no sound, while Tony made quite a lot of it, whistling and throwing his finished nails underhand into a bucket full of their fellows.
Steve split his time between Tony and the high desert. He ate alone, because he no longer desired cooked meat. He would sit still and silent until a rangy hare loped up, unafraid, then snatch it bare-handed. It went down his throat in one piece, his long teeth walking along its spine.
Tony used his hand, and then his mouth.
Was just another way to scream your name
You were always safe with me
You're emotional, maybe too emotional
But we can live forever with secrets on our lips
Bring the lion out
he said into Steve’s head.
“Food for swine.”
Steve turned his back on J.T. Jones and fell to his knees before the hulking, steaming beast that had swallowed Tony Stark. “Please.”
Put all your words away
“I can help with that,” he said lowly, and ran his fingers from Steve’s knee up to the ties of his breeches.
Safe in sleep
His destiny was just too big to spend
I do it again
Savour the taste of fabricated wealth
“This hasn’t happened before,” Tony said, looking into Steve’s round, silvered eyes, flat and metallic like the shine of a sheriff’s badge.
Who, who are you?
Bring the, bring the lion out
By the time he'd try to buy the things he needed
(I don’t know why, I don’t know why, I don’t know why)
One of Tony’s shipments of rare metals came in on the freight train. Tony was so deeply focused on fabrication that he could hardly form a full sentence without lapsing into muttered figures and estimated dimensions, so Steve struck out atop Primrose, bandana covering the lower half of his face, to pick up the crate.
Wake me up and keep me conscious
please
Tony Stark had a hole in his cheerful heart. Now, a heart is meant to have four holes: two for the blood to go in and two for the blood to come back out. But Tony’s was torn open like a field-dressed rabbit.
Steve shook his head. He didn’t need to know if the desert wanted him to take more from Timely. It was enough to lick his fangs around Tony and yearn. Besides, he wasn’t natural. Dead men weren’t welcomed home, even if they’d been a friendly face alive.
Wake me up and keep me
“Bought,” Steve hissed.
“I’m in my right mind, Steve. I know what’s real and what’s grief having eyes of its own. I only talk back ‘cause I miss you so bad.”
The corner of Tony’s mouth twitched up like he’d heard Steve, but he didn’t have the strength to make words. He cracked one eye open.
He had spent it all on loosies and weed and
Still I do it again
“Are you going to kill him?”
That oughta teach you a lesson
“You don’t want these comin’ close to any parts you’re precious about,” he said. Certainly nowhere flushed with blood, veins rubbing proud against Steve’s tongue.
Steve’s eyes shot to the doorway he’d forgotten about upon Bucky’s violent actions.
Steve smiled, rolling his eyes, and replied, “No need to yell, Stark.”
Steve could not let what was happening with Tony and Bucky distract him. Peter was the most important person in his life and he needed to take care of him now. He knew for a fact that Peter displayed not just one but two new powers yesterday. He had to get Peter to Bruce
are going to celebrate with all of us: Me, Steve, Wade, and the rest of your friends and family.”
Tony squeezed his ass then trailed a single hand up Steve’s side and caressed the side of his face to whisper, “Steve, my husband, love of my life, Captain of my heart, peas to my carrots, from now on, today and every day is going to be about us.”
“No, Ma’am,” Steve replied. “We were wondering if you and Mr. Parker had a moment?”
He zoned into those words, living within his head to escape the worst of it and only surface long enough to look up to make sure he was going in the right direction.
was the reason why his entire life was destroyed.
“That’s in D.C…” Tony said uneasily. “There was a lot of Hydra activity over there. Are you sure…?”
“Follow my lead,” Tony said. He squared his shoulders and yelled to the gathered crowd, “Ladies and gentlemen!” He caught their attention as everyone around them froze and Tony, grinning like a madman, gasped, “Go! Go!
The connection was cut and Tony grumbled, “Someone needs a nap…”
‘Happy will pick you up.’
Peter went to the soft training mats and began to do some stretching as he waited for everyone else. Clint continued to play with his bow.
“You are the most clichéd sap I have ever known,” Tony murmured against his lips and kissed him again. Beneath the table, Tony’s hand squeezed Steve’s thigh and it took all of Steve’s willpower not to groan into his mouth. Tony
Beneath his repulsors, Venom began to wither and shrink. Tony kept telling himself he was saving Steve’s life. He dared not think of Peter but it lurked in the back of his mind like a hawk, ready to swoop in at any moment with its sharp, deadly talons.
Every hope he had for the future fizzled away like the life in Maria’s eyes.
Wade sighed heavily and embraced Peter tightly, drawing him closer to him. when Peter began to cry, he did not draw attention to it and lightly ran his hands through Peter’s hair, constantly whispering, “
Steve smiled at the boy. That was all that really mattered, his little soulmate’s happiness.
Tony rubbed his hips into Steve and, with the flimsy barrier of Steve sweatpants, he felt him growing hard beneath him. Steve moaned into their kiss and Tony pressed his mouth deeper into Steve’s so he’d be able to swallow all those delicious sounds. Steve responded by skewering his tongue into Tony’s mouth and Tony’s cock burned from the turn on. There were so many places he wanted that tongue to go…
Steve felt like his entire being crumbled with him.
“Wade?!” Peter gasped in horror and Venom withdrew immediately. Wade fell to his knees and Peter fell with him, catching Wade and willing Venom away from Peter.
is freaking me out.”
Wade lived in a part of town Peter had only been to in his Spidey uniform. It was a tougher part of town where crime rates were higher and no one questioned the fact that their neighbor made a living as a mercenary. Everyone minded their own business and paparazzi never came down there.
He dug his fingers into Steve’s flesh and pressed his face into his shoulder and let himself give into despair for a few seconds.
“Tell me your name,” he growled.
Steve nodded wildly and Tony could not help but laugh as he jumped to his feet and helped Steve up.
Wade’s curiosity died with the first thrust of Peter’s hips. Any suspicions that may have developed were obliterated with the strength of their combined lusts.
Jarvis was not allowed to operate the suit if Tony was in it. The only cases in which Tony allowed him to do so was if Tony was unconscious or if he commanded Jarvis to take control. It was something he implemented early on into his life as Iron Man when Jarvis kept overriding control to get Tony out of danger.
Marston’s grin fell and he gasped, “What?”
“No shit,” Tony scoffed. “I’m going to take it out, but I need you to be ready to save my life if something goes wrong.” Tony paused as he considered his next command, feeling the very idea leech the warmth out of his limbs as he considered it.
“I can say it, but it wouldn’t make it true,” Wade replied.
“Bucky’s right,” Steve commented. “But we can’t give up. We are thinking along the right lines…The flowers made an impact. Maybe we should keep up with that line of thinking?”
“Usual for you too, Cap?” Gary asked.
Tony thought his armor would hold but alarms blared in his ears and the red emergency notifications blanked his screens with warnings, obstructing most of his sight of the outside. The emergency systems activated, enabling Friday to blast him away from the danger. At first, Tony thought only the suit had been damaged. His adrenaline was pumping so high that he felt nothing wrong.
“Healing – right where you left me,” Pops murmured gently. He rubbed Peter’s back and kissed the top of his head. “In the morning, it’s going to be all over the news how someone dug up my grave and my body is gone…Oh God, I just realized…How are we going to announce this?” Pops look to Dad in question and the older man grinned.
Wade wildly nodded his head and picked Peter up as Death faded away. Turning to the remaining Avengers, he shakily asked, “Wh-Where do I take him?”
Tony may have not been Peter’s godfather but he certainly was more than an uncle, the man was like a second father to Peter.
When Steve also woke up first the next morning, Tony was thrown back into the darkness and he was alone again. Terror from losing Steve spurned him to wakefulness and he sat up sharply, reaching out with a sharp exclamation.
“How is Tony? Did he contact any of you? When are we going to get him?” Steve asked once he found his voice. Guilt was constricting his throat and he peered shamefully down at his hands.
“The sedative does not affect it,” Bruce bit back, his voice tense as Venom stretched itself over Peter, moving his limbs as he did. He continued, “There's nothing we can do…”
“The sensors you had placed on Master Roger’s coffin have activated,” Jarvis stated and Tony froze.
Peter pulled out the shield and tested out its telepathic capabilities. He had the beaker sitting on his lap as he let the mass lazily circle around him. It was cathartic.
They reached a dead-end. There was another sealed door, but a body lay between it and them.
“NoooOOOoooo,” he squealed delightedly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter put his weight down onto the hand that Wade still held and leaned toward Wade.
Still feeling bitter from Steve’s betrayal, Tony reluctantly explained, “It…It’s a self-sustaining electromagnet. The output is three gigajoules per second which is the chemical energy equivalent of 30 barrels of oil a minute.”
His mood only seemed to grow fouler as he was alone with his thoughts.
Cable stopped moving and then slowly turned to Steve. He cautioned, “You cannot approach him. It is the year 2008. This is several months before he time traveled and meets you. He doesn’t know who you are.”
“And it’s our wedding day,” Steve whispered then bent down to nibble a path along Tony’s neck.
. I don’t want what we have to be a lie! I want to tell them the truth. How we were both in love with each other and how this fiasco got us to realize it! I-I don’t want this fakeness.”
“Tony!?” Bruce called after them and he and Coulson followed.
Unfortunately, even with Steve’s intervention, the photo from the future was more faded and hinted at a darker future.
Peter inhaled sharply in response but the sound didn’t escape his mouth.
“Uh huh,” Tony replied, his hot gaze still locked on Steve.
The last time Tony had seen Peter was over a week ago. In the single day Venom had him, his son had been reduced to skin and bones. Another day would have killed him and so much more time has passed.
-!” Tony whined in an indignant tone.
A tiny kernel of hope fizzled to life and just barely fused a few pieces of his broken heart together.
Steve sat up sharply and looked at the digital clock to confirm. It’d been years since he slept in this late! He thought the Army had trained it out of him!
“Crap,” Tony hissed as he looked down at him. The air on his burning skin felt amazing and he leaned heavily into Tony. His skin was bright red and had blistered in a few places. Steve reached under his uniform and pulled his dog-tags off where they had burned into his skin with gritted teeth. He let the metal chain fall from his grasp and the warped dog-tag bounced lightly off the white star of his uniform.
“Lie down,” Steve commanded. Tony twisted his body and finally looked down at him, his eyes clouded with worry. Steve pushed himself up and cupped Tony’s face. He pulled him down and kissed him, coaxing him back to his arms and to bed.
“The last readings you got from Tony,” Bruce whispered, staring at the screen. Steve turned to look at his friend. His mind was still blissfully blank. He could comprehend that he was going into shock. Bruce was clearly trying to remain calm but his voice shook as he asked, “H-How was he, Jarvis?”
One look at him and he knew this was it.
“You would, wouldn’t you?” Peter clarified.
“Alright…” Steve agreed, his throat constricting the word slightly.
“Is this alright?” He asked, unsure of her feelings. She was so independent, he at times wondered if she needed him like he needed her.
Steve smiled at him as a happy warmth bubbled in his chest and he tilted his head to lightly kiss Tony’s palm. He continued his kisses down his arm and Tony wrapped his arms behind Steve’s head, drawing Steve’s kisses quicker down Tony’s arm, across his chest, up his neck and finally settled on his lips.
“I-I heard…I see…” He motioned to his phone and then he murmured, “I’m still trying to process it…I think…”
“I need to get Maya out,” she gritted.
Melting under his gaze, Tony murmured, “Have I reminded you how much I love you in the last ten minutes?”
Tony instructed, “Move with the music and me and then you will be dancing. Follow my lead, love.”
Could he and Tony be thinking about the same thing? Could Tony..?
Instead, Tony was making out with Steve on the tiny couch in their dressing room.
Steve looked down at the phone and read the text from Pepper himself.
Peter paused in the retort he was about to make.
The Red Skull had one ambition in his life: to be superior.
“Oh, no…There’s a Captain America version,” Steve groaned, pointing out the star-spangled decked out bear on the other side of the Bucky Bear.
A hologram opened up next to him and Tony went back to work, his mind feeling more settled now that he knew he’d get those answers from Steven soon.
As they pulled apart, Steve stepped up and Peter hugged his soon to be step-father. He teased, “Congrats,
“So I can help?” Peter asked, rising slightly out of his chair.
His question was like an artic tidal wave pounding down and almost totally extinguishing the inferno of his anger.
Steve clenched his fists and asked, “Where’s Peter??”
His eyes cut to Peter’s face on the monitor, his guilt growing as he took in the hurts inflicted upon his lover.
“I’m sending this to your phone,” Tony said with a flirtatious smirk to Steve. Steve grinned excitedly and lay his head on his shoulder to watch him send the message.
Peter bit down on his lip and murmured, “Are you sure?”
“Kill me,” Steve finished for him. “…Yes, I know that is a possibility. Yet I would rather die than willingly let Peter die instead.”
“I…I bet you’ll easily guess what was first on the list,” Tony stated.
“I’ve got morning wood,” Wade teased, rocking his hips so his erection would rub the general area of Peter’s genitals. It was an immediate wake-me-up for Peter’s entire system. The only barrier between him and Wade were his thin boxers and whatever underwear Wade was wearing.
He exited out of the machine, wiping oil off his hands, and exclaiming, “Look at you!”
“Good day today,” Tony replied as he accepted his espresso. “We’re going to beat this thing!”
“Is it alright? We don’t have to have anything playing…It sounds dateish. Jarvis, stop playing the music. Sorry, Steve, I just want to help make you feel more relaxed…I know this is really – really –…”
“I love you, James,” she whispered with as much feeling as the last time she had said it on the day she thought she lost him.
He tightened his hold on Tony and gasped, “
“This is almost just as important,” Steve murmured indignantly, running his hands over Tony’s chest to rid his suit of any invisible wrinkles.
Tony untucked Steve’s shirt and declared, “You are way too overdressed for my dance parlor!”
are different. You can’t change what happened, but you now have control of your future. Hydra doesn’t have you. You’re safe now.”
The others laughed like it was a joke and Steve chuckled with them.
“Nothing. His mind was long broken before I attained him. I’m just the next in the long line of owners who have possessed him. He’s been used as an experiment, a puppet, an assassin, and a slave for years…all because his friend did not go looking for him after he fell.”
Tony turned to the polar bear with a frown and murmured, “I can help you find them.”
He was half way through, as the sun was just rising over the horizon, and he was finally noticed. He was surrounded by paparazzi in the matter of seconds.
Tony laughed into his mouth and drew Steve to his bedroom.
He didn't know what he wanted...all he knew was that he needed to hit something.
“Yes, the big mouth,” Howard chuckled, leaning back into his chair. “When do I get to meet the lucky guy and make him ridiculously uncomfortable?”
“At the Tower,” Bruce explained. “Me, Clint, and Tony mostly but the others stop in from time to time. Thor treats it like a vacation home. Natasha treats it like a free hotel but she has been stopping by more frequently…We all were hoping you’d rethink Tony’s offer and join us. It would be nice to have the team together and everyone will
Steve tongued his folded teeth. He hadn’t expected to be called a ghost -- and an unwelcome one at that. If he’d been looking, Steve might have been able to see two small holes above the door frame, where until a fortnight ago a horseshoe had hung to ward off wandering spirits. The horseshoe was kicked under Tony’s coal box, relieved of its duties.
Steve made his way into the kitchen, and found Tony on the floor, his back propped up against the leg of the dining table.
I've been smoking the poison
They were found each week with a bullet in their brow and lurid, bruised faces: eyes fat and swollen shut, cheeks taut and black like the skin of a grape.
'Cause I'm gonna be free and I'm gonna be fine
A snake can’t shrug or spread its hands wide to indicate ambivalence. Sidewinder flicked his tongue out with its forks stretched wide, tasting lifeblood to the left and hogshit to the right.
You've been slinging your anecdotes
I've been fuckin' around while you were saving the world
He had spent it all and didn't even feel it
And then trains snaked in from the East, chewing through mountains, and the people they brought didn’t want a god who came rooted to the land. The water-fouling, arrogant men worshipped money like it was holy. The religion of gold is fed with blood, and even gods can bleed. But the nature of the West is to take a piece of everything for itself, and it can draw its own saints from the wet mouth of a wound.
You will awaken and remember nothing
And everything I ever did
The weight of your bones
Life changed, and gods changed with it, bringing coyote and sidewinder and thunderbird.
Rattlesnake venom chews blood into soup and leaves it to pool, black and heavy, under the skin. It’ll make your arm fat as a late summer squash and about as useful, too.
I'm emotional, maybe too emotional
Sometimes the tunnel only leads to darkness
Help me piece it all together, darling
I’m almost done with all my secrets
Sheriff Steve Rogers was too dead to make any observations about a boar’s smile, but not so dead he couldn’t feel one digging into his liver. He’d taken a bullet to the chest, and the lead was damn heavy. It would have been better for him if he had a weaker spirit. But Rogers planted his feet on the ground and staked his soul into the dirt. He stayed until the laughter of his murderers faded away, a stubborn nag standing in her stall while the barn burned down around her.
But Steve loved Tony alive. He was warm as a hearthstone, and he sang to Steve in a smooth tenor that sounded nothing like wind through cactus spines.
And where, where are you going?
Steve dropped the Roxxon magnate, bleeding from a thousand punctures, into a blind canyon. He felt nothing: not hunger, nor triumph, nor peace. Behind him, there was a noisy scraping, followed by the clang of metal and the hiss of escaping steam. A suit of armor crunched through the red dirt.
Roxxon’s deputies died singly, like clockwork, one each Sunday.
Another drink just to pass the time
Word.
Steve cried to the hunger in his chest.
I’ll take my time to fake a deep breath
“Stark, I ain’t been in your workshop in a quarter of a year,” Steve said, coughing some of the hiss out of his throat before he continued. “An’ I was dead in between then and now.”
The shape you’ve grown
You’re made of memories you bury or live by
“It’s not you after all, is it?” Tony said, voice thick as dirt after rain. “You’re just some cold creature who walked in from the desert, wearing his face. And I’m a damn fool for believing it.”
Steve Rogers was an optimist, and he had no sense for the limits of one man with a six-shooter and a strong will, but he was canny enough to know that he wasn’t getting any good done as pig food.
Tony hummed a wordless query, thumb rubbing lazy circles on Steve’s hipbone.
Bring the lion out
“Aw, it’s just you again,” Tony said, waving a dismissive hand. “Go ‘way, you can haunt me when the furnace is cold.”
“You heard?”
), this chapter took longer to get out BUT it's finally here! Enjoy! :)
The train was going faster than the ones in his era, probably to deter any train hoppers, but Steve was able to jump on with no problem. He’d aimed for the open spot between cars and sat down on the joint connecting them. The ride was relatively smooth compared to the rides he was used to hopping in his era.
Steve kissed the top of Tony’s head and Tony sighed his name, “
Which was how Steve ended up on top of a building holding the Hydra operative, Sitwell, over the edge and then letting Natasha kick him off.
“Yes,” she whispered, her heart breaking with his disassociation.
“I don’t think I could ever grow tired of doing anything with you,” Steve murmured truthfully, lightly kissing his neck.
“You’ll see,” Peter eluded with a smirk.
Her chest had seized as she watched James draw away from her both physically and emotionally. She saw it in his eyes as he tried to cut her out. She shot forward on her knees and grasped his arm.
“Of course, son,” Steve whispered, his voice also wracked with emotion, and kissed the top of his head.
Steve didn’t break away from his hand like he expected him to do. In fact, he carded his fingers through Tony’s and replied, “It possibly can’t be that simple.”
Tony was the last to testify and he smiled at Steve the entire time as he talked about their relationship. He talked about finally feeling at home with Steve and never feeling so in love or happy with anyone else before. Steve could not help but return the smile.
Harold followed him and Peter stupidly pushed a door that was supposed to be pulled. He stumbled into the glass but corrected his footing, feeling like a duckling out of water with his awkward footing. Harold grabbed him by his shoulder and pulled him back to help straighten him.
When only their shirts remained, they separated and removed their own clothing. Steve’s eyes were irrevocably drawn to the reactor in Tony’s chest. He touched it with the tips of his fingers, remembering the horror he felt upon seeing a dark chasm in Tony’s chest.
“I know,” Steve replied. “You’re a smart, young man, Pete. I know you wouldn’t have gone into this if you weren’t serious. Your dad just…sees a lot of the world in black and white, you know?”
A shadow fell over the both of them and Tony looked over his shoulder, still dazed from shock.
– and I do not know…I think we need to sit down and talk through everything…He told me he was not going to give up on us being together in the end and I need to get him to understand that it is not going to happen…” Steve scooped more apple sauce and fed it to Peter. He waited for Peter to start chewing the apple chunks before continuing, “And if Bucky is still willing to talk to me at that point then I want to ask him about what is going on between him and Natasha.”
“Sure,” Steve replied and stepped back. The doors closed before him and Tony’s grin never wavered. Steve found himself smiling too as his anticipation grew with every passing second.
With his overly exhausted body, sleep was quick to claim him. He fell asleep dreaming of chocolate cake and Gwen repeatedly breaking her neck on the hard cement floor.
Steve smiled widely at his husband and Tony flinched like his joy burned him.
“Yes, it is the best!” He could gush about it all night.
Steve leaned forward and quickly skimmed through the article about a would-be-hero stopping a mugger and then turning into a monster.
"We're coming," he promised and hung up the phone. He looked up to find the entire team staring at him and waiting. Steve's eyes spanned over all of them and landed on Clint. He smiled at his friend and asked, "How much room you have in the quinjet? Bucky and Natasha need a ride out of France.”
Bruce tightened his hold on Peter’s hand for a heartbeat then replied, “I don’t know…hopefully. That’s all I can provide: hope.”
Steve's warmth was pressed into Tony's leg. He was living and Tony may still be angry with him but that did not change how he felt about him.
“Yes, the Lady Jane informed us,” Thor mumbled, his gaze was uneasy as he peered at his brother.
The elevator opened the rooftop access room which was a small area with only the elevator access, the stairwell access, and the double doors to the roof itself.
“And she is still mad?” Peter asked with a slight frown.
Loki turned around, folding Peter safely into his elbow. Steve allowed himself to relax just a tad. Peter may no longer dangling hundreds of stories from the ground but he was not out of the woods just yet.
Steve lightly grasped Tony’s blazer and whispered, “How about instead we get out of here and continue our fondue conversation?”
“The super soldier,” Mary hissed with sudden understanding.
Tony caught the eye of a trio of kids and decided to be as stereotypical as possible and tipped his head and called out, “Howdy!”
"You were willing to risk everything for your love, let me do the same for mine."
Tony’s expression paled and went blank and then his hand froze against Steve’s face. Tony cleared his throat and then reached down to fix Steve’s collar, as if that was the reason for his reach all along. He stared at Steve’s throat and hoarsely murmured, “If you are going to be seen with me you are going to at least look like you didn’t just come out of an 80s Pop song.”
Tony wanted nothing more at that moment than to curl back into bed with Steve and never let him go.
! Chillax, Robocop! It’s just pizza!” Tony gasped, getting to his feet. When Bucky didn’t move he reiterated, “Stand down, soldier!”
He widened the screen and gasped, “I knew it was them!!”
Steve sat up and ran his hands over his face, wiping off the sweat and stray tears that managed to escape. He whispered, “…
He could not let Steve do this! There had to be another solution! Tony refused to live in a world without both
!” Tony gasped excitedly, sticking his head back into the open doors. He explained, “Bruce has a mini fridge in his lab! We can stuff some of those zucchini bites in there!! He’ll eat those!” Tony pulled out a wrapped up plate and kissed Steve’s cheek as he stepped past him. Tony smiled at Peter and said, “When I get back we should all share another slice of cake! Be right back!” Tony waved to them as he disappeared down the hall.
“Steve?” Tony murmured sleepily. Tony lightly reached out and touched the corner of Steve’s hip. Steve was sitting up with one hand stretched out in from of him and away from Tony, pointed to the phantom whose image was now engrained in his eyes.
His cock twitched and he had to fight back the urge to rut. Pleasure rushed through his body and Steve groaned, “Oh yes, yes you should.”
“That sounds thrilling,” Steve comment dryly, drawing a chuckle from Tony.
“Sir!” Barton knocked on his door loudly and then barged in before Coulson could invite him. The archer ran over to his desk, holding out his phone and gasping, “You’ve got to see this!
Peter did not respond to Tony’s outcry, in fact, he didn’t seem conscious at all save for the movement of his arm.
“I’m fine,” Tony promised, picking up Steve’s hand from his chest and then kissing it lightly. His kissed his knuckles first and then opened his palm and kissed the center of it thereby distracting Steve from Tony's red skin as Steve’s heart lurched. Steve pressed that same palm to Tony’s cheek and drew him in for another kiss.
Howard bit down on his lip and then carefully turned the reactor until it clicked free. As he slowly pulled it out of Tony’s chest a tiny puff of smoke escaped drawing a curse from Jim. The smoke was coming from the reactor again Howard’s fingers shook slightly as he turned it over and released the Palladium core.
Tony sighed heavily then asked, “Can I get a kiss, at least?”
Any feeble hopes that the time traveler wouldn’t betray them so were utterly decimated that the crater left behind was large enough to leave his very sanity barely intact.
Schmidt got to his feet and hissed, “If you do anything like that again,
He’d repaired his camera before, when he didn’t have a backup to fall back on, and knew where to go. He found an alley near the building and quickly donned his civilian clothing. It was a cloudy day but the humidity was thick and the 80 some degrees actually felt like 90. He had to wear long sleeves to hide his uniform and was sweating in seconds. The last touch he added to his disguise were his sunglasses and then he slung his empty backpack on his shoulder and hurried into the nearby air conditioned store.
Since the invention of the soul implant, many accounted it with the ancient Greek belief, that everyone was born with only a partial soul and that your soul could only be whole with your mate’s other half. The soul implants were made to find your other half.
The tips of Tony’s ears turned red and he cast his gaze down as he murmured, “Yes.”
life.”
“Time is running out,
Tony opened his eyes and smirked at Steve. That need he felt earlier returned and he wrapped his arms around the man he'd one day marry. They shared a deep kiss as Steve pressed Tony back into the mattress and then slide his finger inside him.
“You keep saying that, ‘I can’t be with you,’ but you have not once said you ‘
He started to pull away from Steve but he grasped Tony’s hands before they came apart. Steve leaned back into him and whispered, “I’ll still love you too.”
“Fucking seriously, Greg? When I agreed to be your shadow I didn’t agree to have you choose my future too!” Tony seethed.
“Uh- uh huh,” Tony whimpered. He couldn’t even say words. Everything just felt so good. Nothing like- nothing like before.
He kept an eye on the news but if it didn’t have anything on the avengers, he’d just turn it off.
Tony felt… light. Like his head was in the clouds. He felt… good. Safe. He let out a deep moan when Steve curled his fingers deep inside of him, eyes blown, half lidded. Steve kissed him viciously, claiming his mouth. Tony was going wild.
Bucky’s face went from surprise to understanding as Tony stood up, saying hoarsely, “no. It was nothing. Is my shift up?”
“Tony,” The customer said huskily, and even though it had been years and he heard that tone from a much smaller figure, Tony instantly blushed dark.
“Tony!”
“No! Are you fucking crazy? Then Greg will know!” Tony quickly shut down.
On the other hand, Greg had warned Tony to stay away. That Rogers was dangerous like Ty was dangerous. Tony trusted Greg with his life. For all his assholery, Greg actually cared for Tony, had Tony’s best interest in his heart. Tony didn’t really know Rogers and Ty was dangerous enough to send a hit after Tony’s own brother.
So he stayed in his little cabin in the woods, rarely venturing down to the city that was several miles away. His existence was plain but it was comfortable and Steve craved comfort and familiarity. As the water came to a boil, he cut the remainder of the meat and- because he was feeling a little generous towards himself, put a few strips in for flavor.
“Why? Why are you doing this?” Steve said as he watched Tony walk over to pour a finger of scotch.
“I’m- I’m sorry- please- I- I didn’t mean- I should- sorry- I-“ tears ran down his lover’s face, genuine tears of anguish and it hurt Steve to see Tony’s despair, “punish me- please- I-“
“Sure thing!” Steve brightened, glaring at Bucky before entering the room.
Tony could barely stand up, his legs were jelly, usual bright eyes, dull and shallow. It hurt Steve to see him like this. His bright, beautiful sub, reduced to this broken husk. Steve laid the sub down on his lap, bare ass in the air with cum still leaking out.
“Careful, Steve,” a blonde short haired sub said as he joined the table, “heard he bit off the head of his last dom.”
Banner said, “- achieve heavy ion fusion at any reactor on the planet.”
“Richest man in the country? Who wouldn’t,” Steve frowned.
The next couple of weeks, Steve would spend every extra paycheck to buy more toys for Tony to play with. He got addicted to the way Tony’s face lit up with each new gift he found while the children were away. And when the children came back, they would have family time together. It almost felt like Steve was their father, not Ransom.
“If you want to survive here, you have to let me take care of you,” a soft voice purred from behind.
“I’ll tell Greg,” Steve nodded like that was a sane idea.
“Barton, Clint Barton,” the guy in purple said, snickering as if telling some inside joke.
Tony shivered, causing the prisoners to laugh harder.
Tony gasped, eyes flying open, as a jolt of energy blasted through his system. He grasped at his chest, a low keening noise coming from his lips as he regained consciousness and just breathed for a moment.
“He did that? Of course he’d do that,” Tony laughed nervously, pulling his dark hair back with one hand.
“What’s going on?” Steve looked to Natasha, eyes wide with panic.
At this velocity, the ocean waves would destroy the craft, him, and the bomb instantaneously. It was what he was counting on. To save his world he would do this again a thousand times over.
“Yeah,” Steve chewed his lower lip nervously, “I mean. It’s not a newer model but-“
“Dun wanna,” Peter whined, dragging the blanket closer over himself.
Tony looked up to see Peter next to his bed, wiping his tired eyes. Tony inwardly cursed, “I’ll go see what to do about that noise. You go back to bed.”
“What? Why did you call me then?” Steve asked confused, “was it something I said?”
“Like I was saying,” Bruce continued, “it exploded in his face.”
“Work can wait, this is more important,” Greg said with an easy smile, “If you married a lady maybe you wouldn’t be so lonely. You have the pick of the flock, brother, just leave Ms. Potts for me.”
The guy couldn’t even act. He just fumbled his way on stage, staring at Tony, taunting him the whole damn time. The only reason he got the part was because he was an alpha.
“It’s ok, you don’t have to explain,” Steve said, holding his hands up.
“-don’t think that’s a good idea-“
“Thank you, we’ll take it from here.”
He then turned to Tony, Tony who was looking at Ransom like he hung up the moon and stars and all the planets.
Tony had no words. His mouth dried up. He didn’t want to speak anymore.
Those hopes were dashed immediately on the next meeting with the doctor.
The bastard sighed and said, “I’ll let you go to college. Not MIT but a college close to here. 4 years. 4 years and then you’ll come back to me, willingly, and be my husband.”
“Uncle Steve! I want more pancakes!” Morgan shouted.
“Say that to my face, Steve, are you trying to seduce me and my children?” Tony asked.
“Don’t be sorry,” Steve said, “I don’t love you any less.”
Tony shook his head, no, not when he came all this way. Not when he brutally murdered his former dom. That left one option. This nameless dom.
After he was done, Sharon brought in a young dark haired man named James. There was something familiar about him, in his sharp blue eyes, his dark brown hair- but Tony couldn’t quite put a finger on it.
“Uh, Jan can make herself small and Iron man is a robot?” Steve asked.
He’d get a call from Steve every night.
“How the mighty has fallen.”
After a quick phone call to Peter’s teacher to warn of Peter’s absence, he went to make breakfast and found a little folded up paper plane on the kitchen table. Tony smiled. After Peter found out how to fold paper planes in class, he would leave them everywhere. Tony would even find them in the refrigerator at times. It always left a smile on Tony’s face whenever he found one.
They piled out, Reed staying behind to watch Steve.
It was apparently a day where the doms and subs were cycled outside to roam lazily in the sun. Tony was swarmed in a small crowd of people as Rogers stepped out of the crowd, heading towards another dom and his group that was ten times more burly.
“Hmm,” the dom rumbled, sounding disapproving against Tony’s inaction. Obadiah hated it when Tony didn’t react in anyway during sex. Tony resigned himself for a session of pain, trying to send his brain into any happy memories. His favorites that replayed in his mind so often that they were distorted and warped with his memories of brutal beatings and pain.
“Stevie would never hurt that omega intentionally, because he has a big fat crush on him,” Bucky said.
“Hello,” a man stepped out from inside the door. The man was handsome wearing formal clothing, golden hair combed to the side. The man looked like a person right out of an old vintage photo down to his dark clothes, his hair style, and his white gloves. He looked at Tony with intense blue eyes, eyes that looked like the deep blue ocean and beyond, “I’ve been expecting you.”
She vanished into the darkness of the room.
“We don’t know him!” Tony grouched, “it’s better if we leave him here and let the police deal with him-“
And that was the end of the conversation. Tony was more than a little confused. A puzzle presented itself to him and he loved dissecting puzzles and seeing how things ticked.
“Let. Me. Go,” Tony said dangerously, but Bucky’s grip tightened.
All the good that did Tony.
“I’m sorry, but it’s not,” the doctor said, her face grim, “like I told your mother, we did some additional tests. We sent radio label sugar into her body to trace metabolic activity and we found…” she sighed, “we found cancer all over her body and in her bones,” she turned to Sarah, “You have advanced stage 4. I’m so sorry.”
“Not exactly?”
“My father… after he- he wanted me to- but I didn’t-“ Tony sighed, “I don’t want to talk about it.”
It was one of the reasons Tony fell for Steve. The man was more concerned about Tony than getting what he wanted. Tony kissed Steve softly, a short kiss of gratitude, “I’m fine truly.”
“I-I-“ Tony flushed, dark, “Steve-“
“Gentleman,” Steve turned, grateful for the reprieve, to see Nick Fury striding into the room, “I see that you’re making yourself at home, Captain Rogers, Sergeant Barnes.”
“Ye- yeah, everything is fine,” Steve said, scratching his neck.
“Did I… did I say something-“ Tony began shakily.
Steve looked around the drab expressionless apartment and his heart hurt, he reiterated, “You can’t live like this.”
Steve, bless his handsome heart, said, “it’s fine. This will do nicely. Thank you.”
After that excruciating time was over, Tony went out to see that many of the other baristas clocked out.
As he approached the front door, it swung open softly.
The least we can do is tell him the truth!”
Tony shut his mouth. It was what every manager told him when he applied. ‘Why did you apply here?’ The truth was he was banned from the better job applications he applied to and the rest… well, the explanation was simple. He was blacklisted by his very own father. But he couldn’t tell some poor schmuck that.
Sidewinder hissed.
Sometimes you gotta finish what you shouldn’t have started
He promptly felt guilty.
Steve stroked Tony from wrist to elbow-crook the same way Tony stroked the neck of an unopened bottle.
Help me piece it all together
My weapon is alcohol, alcohol, alcohol, alcohol
Drinking champagne made of an angel's
He had spent it all and didn't even feel it
When you’re hiding from the truth
Snakes don’t laugh; they don’t have the throats for it. Sidewinder rearranged his jaw instead, the pink blush of his mouth opening like a cactus flower. Primrose shifted her hindquarters and pissed in the road, unimpressed.
At the count of three
Wake me up and keep me conscious
Tears and pain, but I feel celestial
Steve jerked away from Jones, one hand coming up to curl over his heart, where a star once sat. “No, no,” Steve said, rough and tumbling. “Tony, it’s me. Your Steve.”
Tell myself she won’t mind
“Where’s the law?”
Tell myself just this time
“Oh Danny boy,” Steve sang roughly, in a voice that hadn’t been used much except to swear when he stubbed his toe or mutter to himself the number of turns in a canyon before he got lost. “The pipes, the pipes are calling.”
Let me uncover the silver in your dark hair
The price of being one of the desert’s saints was to become a saint-maker oneself.
Tony Stark’s boots stood on faintly metallic ground as he worked. During the day, Tony pounded steel into delicate, useful shapes. But at night he couldn’t sleep, so he spent it on mindless tasks. On the night Steve came back to Timely, Tony was forging nails.
There’s nowhere to run
Tony came back quicker than Steve did, with someone to show him the way. He wasn’t near so hungry, although he promptly ate a collared lizard, thrilled that he was quick enough to catch it by the tail.
Rogers spat back. He wasn’t sure that was true, but he was half-eaten and pretty angry; Rogers figured that meant he could say whatever he wanted.
(I can’t remember, I can’t remember
But most of all, he was hungry.
Rogers was drifting in a red haze when the pigs shied away with a squeal. All pigs hate a snake, and Sidewinder was a thousand snakes in one fat, diamond-backed body.
Drinking champagne made by the angel
“You missed me?”
Steve Rogers stumbled in the desert, swollen with rebirth, for a fortnight.
I know they say it’s over, we can’t go on like this
Still I love you
Who, who are you really?
Drinking champagne, a bottle to myself
But I love you
(Holding on for your call)
I can’t remember, I can’t remember)
I want to witness the beauty of your repair
Before it falls apart, oh
See me bare my teeth for you
So he broke it into smaller bills and change
The modern way to make nails was to cut one tapered strip from a sheet of metal, then hammer the heads flat one at a time. It was a chore Tony did himself, knocking out a few hundred nails a night. Never knew when you could use a nail.
Stark smacked another nailhead flat and gave Steve a look like he was the dumbest thing on God’s dusty Earth. “Yeah, babe, I miss you. I regret every night that I never got drunk enough to ask you to dance. Look at me, talkin’ to myself stone cold sober -- and you think I don’t have a busted heart?”
The hours in Tony’s house kept Steve human enough.
I am my father’s son
Tell myself cruel is kind
said old Sidewinder, sunning himself in the high noon.
Where Steve walked, the cholla thorns leapt out of the way.
We’re losing you to the gutter
Cause I’ve got nothing left to lose
“I don’t kill easy,” Steve said softly. He kissed Tony on each eyelid, and held him as he fell, weeping, his arms slung around Steve’s neck and his ragged cheek against Steve’s jaw.
Steve sidled up to the forge, where it could warm his body and make him quicker. The red heat of it made his blood pump faster and returned his hands to a human temperature.
A viper rations his venom. The sallow fluid is rare and precious as gold to him. It is both his meal ticket and his final line of defense, and he must take time to fatten his cheeks with it between bites.
Rogers said.
Tell myself one more time
Baby boy, baby brother
Tony raised his eyebrows. “I sure figure I don’t.” He kissed Steve’s chest, then used his blunt teeth to scrape over Steve’s nipple. “But we can manage.”
Tony dropped his hammer to the ground. It landed on its head and balanced there, handle standing upright like a whipping post.
(Maybe not tonight)
Sidewinder hissed.
'Cause I'm gonna be free and I'm gonna be fine
You can still find them, out in the territories: the rattlesnake’s saint carrying a six-shooter and a silver-eyed grin; the scorpion’s piloting a train along no track laid by man.
You will have no memories of these trance feelings
We’re losing you, is it forever?
Old Sidewinder slithered off the road and down the dry gulch. If you watched him go out of just the corner of your eye, you might have seen the corner of a blanket woven with stark diamonds in black, white and rust vanish into the thorny brush.
“Sorry,” Steve said, after. “I shouldn’t -- “
Shaking like a (oh yeah)
For all the noise you make
Stay while the melody’s sung
“Oh Lord,” gurgled the magnate. “Save me from the wicked and the Devil, by the sword of the Archangel Michael and your divine will -- “
This is how we do it in the dark
This is my favourite part, oh
Down in the dark
Rogers smiled -- his lips didn’t move, he was too dead for that -- and said,
Dirty little creatures
Then his skin faded from indigo to purple, and purple to scarlet, and he was whole again. He was formed in the shape of a man, with unscaled skin and round pupils. But there were long, hollow teeth folded against his palate, and at the height of noon he wished only to sit under a shelf of desert shale and watch the shadows move. He gained the skill of absolute stillness, the kind of stillness that makes a creature vanish in plain sight, and he’d gotten so quick with a pistol he’d have it holstered by the time the bullet struck its target.
Tony watched from behind his solemn metal face as Steve bowed his head, baring the vertebrae at the back of his neck. “I love you,” he told the ruddy soil. He was speaking both to Tony and the ragged town of Timely. “I wanted to save everyone.”
Tony wasn’t quite the same kind of creature that Steve had become. Where Steve’s fangs were bone, Tony’s were chitin. Steve melted into sagebrush, while under the right light Tony glowed like Saint Elmo’s fire. But where they walked, they went together.
I just know that it won’t last forever
You will not be upset by them
Primrose didn’t even flick an ear when they came across six feet of fat rattlesnake, stretched across the wagon ruts. Steve had to pull her up short so she didn’t plod all over it. He swung down onto the ground, holding Primrose’s reins out of habit -- the old mule wasn’t going to go anywhere without a great deal of convincing.
Tony’s lips were blueish, his eyelids shuttered like a house with a tornado on the way. His chest barely rose.
From nothing
All my nightmares feel like real life
(I can never say no)
Sometimes you gotta shoot before you see the target
Hammerscale can be used to identify areas where metal was worked thousands of years after the forge was abandoned. Pounding iron knocks off flakes of black oxides, which then permeate the dirt. Tools can be re-used and relocated, buildings can burn down, but the soil will betray a smithy’s grave to anyone with a magnet.
When he slept, he curled up by the window on Tony’s musty, overstuffed armchair. He’d dragged the chair up the stairs to Tony’s bedroom without asking permission, although Steve often dozed in the afternoons while Tony was sweating in the workshop, and was wakeful most cool desert nights.
The porch was empty, Tony’s basket of whittling sticks lonely amid a drift of curled wood shavings. The door was ajar, and Steve could smell cornbread and sausage just starting to burn. Tony cooking and getting distracted halfway through, again. He’d been making tiny models of oil derricks out of paper and pins all week, complaining about blowouts and gushers and drill bits whenever Steve was willing to listen, which was always, so long as there was a sunny spot or a hot forge nearby.
Bring the lion out
You were always safe
He dragged J.T. Jones by the shirt collar through the desert, and the oil-man was pricked by every cactus along the way. His fine suit ripped on rocks, and his slicked black hair fell greasy over his face.
I am my father’s son
What else could be better than this?
