Steve was overcome with pleasure from both ends, his mind racing with only one thought; Tony. His eyes were leaking tears of painful pleasure, his hands reaching out towards Tony's shoulders, fingernails diging sharply into them which only seemed to encourage him more. He wasn't even able to control the noises that were leaving his mouth, soft whimpers and shaky moans filled the air.
"So beautiful, Stevie" Tony whispered, running his hands up and down Steve's flank, "so, so good for me. My perfect boy"
Tony had Steve's body pressed against his dorm room door, his own body covering him as soon as they got there. Their erections rubbed against each other causing delicious friction whilst they made out. Tony ate every sinful sound that came out of Steve's mouth, teeth clashing with the force of their kisses, the occasional lip bite keeping them firmly present in the moment. Steve was aware that if Tony let him go right now, he would fall to the floor and it was turning him on even more, he'd been desperate to be man-handled by Tony since the moment they'd met. He wrapped a leg tightly around Tony's waist in an attempt to get even closer and the latter took that moment to lift Steve off of the floor and wrap his legs firmly around Tony's middle.
"Tony, please" he moaned, pushing himself down onto his fingers and clawing at the bed in desperation, "I'm ready!"
He was moving his hips with intention, Tony put all his effort into not staring at them and maintaining eye contact with him on stage.
"Hmm, what do you need, baby?" Tony whispered huskily into his ear, biting gently on the lobe before returning to kissing down Steve's neck and chest. He made his way towards his nipple and licked, nipping the globe gently.
Tony turned around until they were facing each other, grinning at him before kissing his lips firmly,  "I'm pretty sure this is the start of something even better"
Tony could hear the truth in the words of the song, could understand the meaning and what Steve was trying to tell him. It was true. It was always going to be him since the moment they met and the first time they spent time together. Of course, Tony had never given it too much acknowledgement at first, passing it off as purely attraction, but by the time he had taken notice he was too invested in their friendship to risk ruining it by making his feelings known. So, he threw himself with other men and women and pretended he felt nothing. Pretended it would be okay and he wouldn't need to be with Steve because being his friend was worth everything to him. But right now, it was clear his feelings were reciprocated by the song and the way Steve was putting on the positively delicious show just for him.
Tony slicked up his fingers fingers witu the lube thoroughly, reaching down again to take Steve's whole length in his mouth. He swirled his finger around the entrance of Steve's hole before pushing in gently and slowly. Steve moaned low in his throat, legs slipping further apart involuntarily and giving Tony much better access. Tony's dick ached and twitched as he forced even more sounds out of his lover. His head bobbing slowly on his dick, his finger pumping in and out of his hole.
As he sang 'Choose me' he stared right into Tony's eyes, looking upwards through his lashes as innocently as possible but his eyes were blown dark with lust and his cheeks were dusted dark red. Tony could have ruined him right there on the stage in front of everyone. He stood up as Steve began singing the final chorus to the song, he walked towards the stage with purpose. If Steve wanted him he certainly wasn't going to wait any longer than he already had. This was their moment. Steve watched him walk across the floor, both of them completely forgetting about their friends as they maintained eye contact and Tony made his way to Steve.
Tony was about to stand up and walk over to him when he started to speak, his silky voice stirring fiery heat in the pit of his stomach, "I'd like to dedicate this particular song to my best friend, Tony" and then he winked salaciously right at Tony.
When he finally got on stage, people were cheering for them, the music had stopped and instead it was replaced with wolf whistles and applause. Tony walked right up to Steve and before he could say anything, claimed his lips and pulled his perfect body flush against his own. He felt Steve's arms wrap around his neck, his own wrapped firmly around his waist. The kiss was heated, all sorts of feelings swirling between them, lust, passion, desire. It was perfect and Tony was questioning why he'd never done this before. He was so wrapped up in the way his tongue felt inside Steve's mouth that he hadn't noticed the cheering from the audience of Kareoke-goers until Bucky called them down from the stage with a particularly lewd-comment.
Steve came first, his cum splattering against Tony's chest and across his hand. White spots decorating his eyes and he could have sworn he saw the face of God behind his eyelids from the force of his orgasm. He was shuddering and moaning, his head fuzzy with the release. He kept on bouncing, clenching around Tony's cock to bring him to his own orgasm, which didn't take long with the way Steve was clenching around him.
"How do you want this, baby?" Tony asked, rolling the condom on and running his hands over himself to give some much needed attention.
Once he had deemed Steve ready, he pulled his fingers out and stood to take his tight jeans off, shucking them down his legs and to the floor before kicking them away. He removed his underwear in haste before claiming back on the bed. He noticed the way Steve was ravishing him with his eyes and quirked a cocky smile at him, tearing the condom wrapper with his teeth, the whole time maintaining eye contact. Steve trembled in desperation, pleading with his eyes for Tony to hurry up, his chest heaving and legs spread.
Tony had enough people hanging off of him, men and women, to distract himself from Steve Rogers. Even in all his infinitely beautiful glory, pretty blue eyes, slim waist, bangs that framed his ridiculously perfect and sculpted cheeks and jaw. It was unfair how gorgeous Steve was, Tony could tell himself till he was gray haired and blue in the face that he didn't feel a thing for Steve but that would be a lie. He'd been pretty much in love with his best friend since they started at College 2 years ago, bumping into the bluahing and apologetic art student who knocked his coffee down his brand new sweatshirt. Steve had attempted wiping his coffee from his chest but had only served to make it worse. Tony can rember clear as day the way that his blush went all the way down his neck. It was cute. He was cute. It was becoming rather disorientating now, to the point where Tony had to leave rooms when Steve wore jeans afraid of random hard-ons from the perfect shape of Steve's ass in the tight denim.
Tony had interrupted his monologue to stare at the smoothie with kerosene in it and then proceeded to threaten Dum-E. Donation to a local charity had been the highest on his list of threats.
All the while, Bruce had looked on with a small smile and Clint had petted Dum-E, declaring his undying love for him.
The gods, sadly did not take pity on him and did not allow the ground to commit possible homicide by swallowing Tony up. Deciding to settle on the next best thing,
He had never been one for silence. He had grown up in the back alleys of Brooklyn fighting bullies. Silence had been a mystery there. There had never been any silence or quiet during his time with the Howling Commandos and certainly never while he had been with the Avengers.
(It hurt him because despite it all, this wasn't Howard and when all was said and done, he would've given an arm and a leg to meet Howard one last time.)
it correct to say that they had been married for five years? They hadn't talked for six years after the Sokovia Accords, after all. Two years after their wedding.
Steve loved Tony too. His love for Tony, however, was more like jumping into an ocean despite not knowing how to swim.
I don't like this one very much, tbh. My friend, though, would have killed me if I hadn't posted it and as much as death is a beautiful escape from the prison that is life, I don't wanna be killed by my friends.
Steve smacked himself on the head in an oddly endearing way. Apparently, everything about this man seemed endearing to Tony.
“I swear I am not some creepy guy who takes pictures of random beautiful guys’ to jerk off to later. It’s just that I told my friends exactly how hot you are and then they wanted to see you and I probably should not have listened to them because they are horrible people who will probably laugh at my pitiable self when I tell them about this later. Oh, and also, please don’t sue me. Pepper doesn't like it when I get sued. Says it's too much paperwork.”
He would remember the day Bucky would tell him his super serum was malfunctioning. Something about it being an imperfect replica of Steve’s, and Bucky’s time in cryogenic sleep counteracting its already dogdey effects.
Three years, since Steve had left him in the cold with a broken suit and an irreparably broken heart.
It had taken more than an hour before things had started going south. Too many aliens and their hybrids. Too many to fight alone, at least. Steve had registered being mildly impressed with his team-mates and was going to give them orders to meet up somewhere where the proportion of the aliens was the highest. Just then, a totally different group of mercenaries (or maybe they had been in ranks with the aliens) had shown up to fight alongside the monstrous creatures.
Steve was sitting on top of him and punching him. When Steve had raised the shield above his head, Tony had been somewhat happy to think that he wouldn't have to live in a world where Steve Rogers wouldn't be by his side. Had been glad to think that he wouldn't have to live with this monumental loss for the rest of his live. But, when did things ever go his way? When was the last time when someone actually asked him what he wanted and then proceeded to actually do that? So, it wasn't his head that Steve hit, but his arc reactor. The energy source of the suit, his metaphorical heart. And wasn't that just fitting? Steve -the only person except Rhodey and Pepper, obviously- who could touch it, would attack his most vulnerable spot?
That hurt Steve more than he ever thought it could. It hurt him because this is what Howard could've been.
Not that anyone (re:Tony) would ever say that to her face. He was sure she knew at least ninety-nine ways to kill a person with nothing but hair and her pinkie toe.
Tony looked down at his phone to find multiple messages from Rhodey and Nat inquiring after the status of the picture that started it all.
However, he had been egoistical enough to think that one of the super soldiers would always be on his side, had been egoistical enough to think that he would never be afraid to be
The helmet was in his cupboard. His most prized possession. The only proof of his time with the Avengers other than a handful of pictures and articles that he had stored out of nostalgia.
An anomaly, a conundrum, a paradox. Say what he may, the truth of the matter was that Tony was lying in his arms, exactly what Steve had wanted, but at the same time, not at all what he had ever wanted. He wanted everything he knew he would miss. Everything that made a story worth writing, made a poem worth listening, made the reader hope for a happy ending and celebrate when the ending was as desired. This, however was real life. A place where nothing went how it was supposed to. A place where people realised exactly what they had been missing out on only when one life ended. What they could have had, but was too late to have, now. Too late to take a leap of faith and hope that when they would open their eyes on the other side of the cliff, everything would be just the way it was supposed to be.
He'd see Clint the day that would happen. The pure love and contentment for someone who was so much more than his sister and best friend, etched across his features.
(And maybe, somewhere in the universe, Tony had been alive and translated this for Steve with a smile on his face and adoration filling his eyes.)
Steve had been drawing while Tony had been working. He had looked up to see Tony, Bruce and Clint gesturing to each other. Talking. They had been arguing about the best way to improve Clint's hearing aids.
(He would see them and recognise the efforts they put into helping him from stagnating. He would learn to recognise his own progress.)
Steve was also big enough to be embarrassed when Tony took the first step and apologised to him and all he had to do was apologise back while actually meaning it.
Steve would remember Tony sending out a call to everyone to try and send all the different species of creatures fighting against them closer to where he was. Steve would also remember the brief, but genuine smile that he had aimed towards him before forming a 2 mile radius to block the Avengers’ entry. Steve would remember the soft apology in his comms and the cold dread that chilled him to his bones.
(It was like jumping into an ocean without knowing how to swim, but believing that he'd come out unharmed.)
He had never been able to go back again. The place had too many traces and reminders of Tony’s existence.
That was the excuse Tony gave himself to explain why Steve would leave him to freeze to his death without even a backward glance.
Tony's plan was perfect. Hot-guy-adonis had fallen asleep (like any normal person who wasn’t creepily staring at his train neighbor was ought to do) and Bestfriend-or-brother was solving a crossword with a concerning amount of sincerity and concentration. Pepper would have been proud.
Steve hadn’t understood what to do with the helmet for a long time. It had been Natasha and Clint who had found him fiddling with it, late one night. They had been the one who had shown him how to operate it. They had been the one who had brought him tea and let him sleep on their laps, tears streaking his face once he had listened to hologram-Tony's message.
JARVIS had given Steve the helmet in which the hologram had been stored when he went to Tony’s workshop the first time after his death.
Tony had been ready to hop on the train and sleep for the next forever, when he saw 21st century Adonis. He was sitting on the seat beside Tony with a man who was hopefully his friend or maybe his brother.
It had been an easy day which found Steve sketching in Tony's workshop while he worked. There had been nothing new about the moment when he realised he was in love.
After their fight on the helicarrier and their fight with the Chitauri, it hadn't taken a genius to understand that Tony and Steve were pretty well matched. They could read each others body language and act in perfect tandem. So, on their way to the shwarma joint, Tony had apologised to Steve and Steve had apologised back (which was just as well, because it helped Tony's ego) Tony had seen the apology as their olive branch. Within a week of living together in the Avengers' tower, Steve and Tony had become the type of friends who spent almost all their time in each others' company. Not soon after, Natasha had realised about Tony's crush and had started teasing him. The rest of the team had been pretty quick to catch on after that and help Natasha in her mission to kill Tony of mortification. Not that Tony didn't give them anything to tease about, seeing how he made a fool out of himself almost everytime he was in Steve's company. Now, it was December and everybody except for Steve knew about Tony's embarrassing crush.
At that moment Steve despaired over his lack of confidence, berated himself at his cowardice. Pictured in his mind what he had lost. Pictured how he would never again see Tony's brown eyes, shining so bright that stars shied away, Tony gesticulating so wildly that nothing around him mattered, that more often than not, he would smack someone on the face or poke someone in the eye. Tony singing and cursing in Italian, Tony's witty remarks and dry humour, a sleep deprived Tony, Tony just out of bed, snapping at everyone until he got his first cup of coffee, Tony moaning shamelessly into his coffee and ridiculously confessing his love to it, Tony in the armour flying like the sky belonged to him, Tony, Tony, Tony-
Oh, and the owner of the company. When he complained about the ludicrousness of the arrangement to Rhodey, he laughed and laughed until he could no longer produce noises, while Tony could do nothing but glare at him pathetically.
, Steve. You made me happier than I ever thought was possible. You are a hopeless optimist and a brilliant leader. You put in just a little bit of extra work to keep the Avengers going and keep them smiling. To keep this hodge-podge of dangerous people happy and sane, to make them comfortable in their own bodies and confident in their skins. I love you so much, Steve. I don't think there are words that could paint an accurate picture. Yes, we had a rocky start. But, you became my best friend and I eventually found myself falling in love with you. Everyday, a little bit more. And, Stevie I knew we could've never been together. And it hurt, but as long as you were there, with me by your side, it was enough."
Tony winced inwardly, this is where everything always went to shit, “Uhh, yeah, I’m the owner of Stark Industries.”
Steve had loved Tony and he continued to love him. Maybe, it was the same love in which he eventually hoped to drown in, if only to make up with Tony and be with him for once and for all.
It was safe to say that Steve wasn't the one who took the first step and asked Tony out. He was, however, the one who initiated their first kiss.
They kept him afloat and asked for nothing in return. They helped him find Bucky and asked nothing in return.
take a plane considering the fact that he was a billionaire. Something Natasha never got tired of reminding him. However, there was something personal and calming about travelling by train. The only drawback of this was that he had to wake up at fuck o’clock in the morning and he hated that more than anything in life.
It had started out perfectly normal, except for Tony's pounding headache, which could be chalked up to the nightmare that was last night's Christmas party. But, as soon as he had dragged himself downstairs, he realised, maybe not
“Her name is actually Virginia Potts, but we have always called her Pepper. It’s because of her freckles, I think? I don’t remember anymore. Be as it may, the point I’m trying to make is that we can’t have you be disappointed, now can we? And I mean, I didn’t even know the flash was on, so my skills with the camera obviously leave a lot to be desired.”
Not when the memories surge back, thousands upon thousands of moments and experiences. The bustle and swelter of mid-morning Milan versus the mist-shrouded and clouded evenings of Paris. Shiny sunburn stretching down an expanse of spine and skin. Beard burn and shared toiletries. Ice cream and indecision. Shirt cuffs and superhero suits
And that was the excuse Tony gave himself to explain why Steve hadn't been by his side to fight Thanos like he had once promised.
Oh god, Tony was starting to sound like the characters in those crappy rom-com movies that Bruce and Clint seemed to enjoy entirely too much.
Steve would see Natasha make peace with her past and move on. He'd see her face the day she found the term "aromantic" and be content, armed with the knowledge that the Red Room hadn't really broken her in all the ways it mattered.
Steve stared at him, bewildered, for a second before taking pity on him and pouring out a cup of coffee for which Tony was very grateful. Glad that he now had an excuse to not look at Steve straight in the eye, Tony hid his face in the cup. However, even he knew that he couldn't ignore Steve forever. Lucky for him, Steve started to talk right then, "Tony, before you chalk up last night's drunken confessions to one drinks too many, I just want to you to know that I have liked you ever since we first fought together in New York together."
Then, he stepped into the Helicarrier and saw Howard Stark. Except, it wasn't. The man was a spitting image of Howard but that's where the similarities ended. The man had none of Howard's brashness or ego, which was obnoxious on the best of days and something worse, something intangible the rest of the time.
Friends? Was that all that they had been? Friends? If Steve felt that that's all they had been, who was he to argue? So, they continued to fight. So, two "friends" continued to fight for their lives.
Then, he would hate himself for hating Erskine because without the serum he would have never met Tony.
He would remember hating them for the pity, but also hating Erskine for testing the serum on him and hating himself for allowing Erskine to test it on him.
It had all been going according to plan. Tony had taken out his cell phone, decided on the best angle to click the picture in so as to not attract any attention to himself but also manage to take a shot which would not undermine Hot-guy-adonis’ beauty. His only regret was that Hot-guy-adonis’ ass, which was the pièce de résistance, could not be included in the shot. Having adjusted himself in the required direction and angle, he clicked the picture.
Ever since he had been a child, he had been taught real men hide their emotions, they don't let anyone see their feelings. (Well, he had also learned that Howard was a bastard whose teachings were not to be followed) But, Steve wasn't like that, was he? No, in the six months they had spent together, Tony had realised that Steve didn't hide his emotions. Not when he was happy and not when he was sad. Maybe, that's what made it harder to ignore him. Because, Steve was everything that Tony wished he could be.
Steve woke up seventy years later in a world that wasn't his own. He didn't know anyone and nobody really knew him. He only existed as Captain America and he made his peace with it.
Because Steve - the boon of his existence, one of the members of the Holy Trinity who had seen past all of Tony's layers-  wasn't supposed to be fighting him. Steve wasn't supposed to be raining down punches on him. No. He was supposed to be showering him with kisses and love and affection.
The technology never bothered Steve. Tony - the brilliant, futuristic genius- his technology had just started meeting its match. A hundred years after his death.
Instead, he will remember this: the gleam of Natasha’s hair under the sun, the sombre sheen of Victoria’s hat seeming to complement the subdued hue of Clint’s tie, the rivulets meandering down Rhodes’s rugged face, the pinpricks of pain from his seared palms, the rustle in the trees overhead, the downpour of crisp yellow leaves unleashed by an especially strong current of wind.
Thus dawned a new Monday. Tony had a hangover so bad it should have been illegal. Essentially, he was an example and a warning for anyone who tried to drink Natasha under the table. That woman was terrifying in every aspect of life and could hold her drinks surprisingly well for someone who was smaller than Moana.
Bestfriend-or-brother turned towards him almost comically slow and gave Tony an incredulous look which turned into a smirk. Then, he nudged Hot-guy-adonis awake, leaned towards him and whispered something in his ear. Something that was most probably along the lines of, “(enter Hot-guy-adonis’ name) would you get a load of this creepy loser who’s clicking pictures of random beautiful guys to add to his spank-bank?”
He started mouthing at Steve's dick through the panties, tasting the dribble of pre-come that was staining them and creating his own wet patches across the hot red material. He could feel Steve's thighs shaking in desperation and see the way he was wrecking him. He kissed wettly all the way across his cock before licking over it with the flat of his tongue. He took pleasure in the gasps and cries that were coming from Steve, his hands still gripping the bedsheets tightly.
"You have considerable magical potential," he said, "though your training is incomplete. I expected as much. Magic is a matter of imposing your will upon reality, and you were able to do that so successfully when you created your twins that even I was unaware of their true nature. Their place in reality was not fixed, their existence given shape only by your will, but that will was strong enough that when you were present, the illusion was seamless."
Jan surveyed the table, noting the fact that Steve and Tony were sitting as far away from one another as they could and refusing to meet one another's eyes. She thought the two of them had made up and gotten over their differences - they'd been spending time together off duty, and Steve had finally, blessedly, stopped sulking for the first time in over a year - but apparently not. That, or something new had come up.
Just because he said it, Steve reminded himself, didn't mean he meant anything serious by it. They were friends as well as lovers. People loved their friends. Just because what he felt was a lot bigger and more complicated than simple friendship-with-benefits didn't mean that was what Tony felt, or meant.
Then again, he was female now. Maybe that changed things. He might not feel the need to hide that he was attracted to men anymore, now that he was in a body that made that socially acceptable.
Did she think him as blindly stupid as Richards? "What price?" he sneered. "My soul? My eternal servitude?" He would find the grimoire on his own in a matter of weeks, with no need to sell his allegiance to any more dark gods.
It would still be nice to hear their voices, and even taking useless action was better than doing nothing at all.  And talking to Tony would chase away the last remnants of uneasiness his dreams had stirred up.
Sam snorted. "I'm surprised at you," he said, voice dry with irony again, "suggesting that they'd shut an entire gallery down for bullshit political reasons. I'm sure it really needs years' worth of renovations."
Carol had torn off a Doombot's arm and thrown it at second, knocking it off its feet.  She  launched herself across the hallway at the downed robot, and laid into it with her bare hands, her fists leaving deep dents in its metal armor.
"Yeah." He might as well get the humiliation over with quickly. "And the one in my arm was from a fork."
"Ah." Peter nodded sagely. "And like all things the government produced during Vietnam, it's evil and poisonous."
Chthon could have done while he was in there, if he had felt like it. He should probably feel more traumatized. He'd been... rape was much too strong a word for it. He'd been
"How was he stabbed in the first place?" Wanda interrupted. "He was going with you to make sure Chthon hadn't tampered with the magical protections at St. Margaret's."
probably the worst thing anyone could possibly do to him. To Pietro. And Wanda had good reasons for being angry at them, for wanting to punish them." She took a bite of ice cream, then, "It didn't have to be about them at all, though. There are lots of reasons why Chthon might want to cut down the world's mutant population. But the things she did to us. Making Jen lose control and Hulk out, pushing Tony off the wagon, bringing Ultron back... Chthon doesn't care about us. We're insects to him. How would he know exactly where to hit to hurt us so badly? So personally?"
How could he not have thought of that? Worry over Tony was no excuse. Wanda was his teammate and his friend. This thing with Tony, whatever it was, was not an excuse to neglect the rest of his team.
"According to reliable sources." Tony had been drinking heavily enough by that point that he didn't remember much, beyond the fact that he'd thought Henry's initial greeting – "Hi, I'm Henry Hellrung, and I'm going to be playing you on television," – had been a clever joke.
Even after Afghanistan, he'd been able to fake it, though. And if Tony could hold it together and not appear to be a broken wreck after a near death experience and three months of torture and captivity, then he could do it now.
She was thinking in English, she realized, and had been at least since that moment in the bakery, despite the fact that Rumanian was her native tongue, the language she'd spoken her whole life.
"You're not going to tell him about it," Tony snapped, abruptly missing the days when he could simply order SHIELD agents to do or not do something. "He'll be insufferable." Tony could already picture the pained worry in Steve's eyes, the concern, the way Steve was going to re-arrange strategies to keep him out of the field and out of the line of fire just in case, hear the 'I-told-you-so's he wasn't going to say but would very clearly and loudly
"Considering how much chaos energy Wanda detected in that room, it's probably not a coincidence that some photographer was looking at us at exactly the wrong moment."
"When are we meeting with Strange?" Wanda asked. She hadn't so much as glanced at Vision yet. Jan knew how she felt; she wished she could make herself not look at Hank, but she couldn't seem to pull her eyes away.
Zemo and Mr. Hyde stood flanking her, Zemo brandishing his stupid glue gun. Atlas loomed behind the three of them, and the Wrecker, crowbar in hand, stood beside him, tapping the enchanted length of metal against his palm as if already anticipating the feel of it slamming into Tony's armor again.
"Just try to ignore it," Tony said, his voice tired. "They've been recycling the same anti-repeal articles since this summer, and they'll probably keep doing it until the primaries start in the spring."
"Just past one." Tony tilted his head slightly, considering, the armor's faceplate remaining as impassive as always. "An old fashioned clockwork number would stand up to your powers better, you know."
Pepper smiled, a small, sad smile. "There was a while there when the three of us were all each of us had. I guess it made us almost like a family."
"Carol," he said, and his voice sounded calmer than he'd expected it to be, given the way Tony was just standing there silently, "take him," Steve nodded at the man she was performing chest compression on, "down to the EMTs. They'll be able to do more for him than you can."
Something slammed against the side of his head — a rifle stock, or the hilt of a dagger — and then he was on his knees, with someone's hand in his hair and the edge of a knife against his throat.
Jan put a hand on her arm. "Everything you've done – everything Chthon made you do – can be dealt with later. This is more important."
She'd been all right, at leaSt. Or mostly all right – if he were a psychologist, he would probably have a laundry list of post-possession warning signs to watch out for, but all of his medical training had dealt with more concrete ailments.
Whatever the two of them had once had between them had been destroyed by Faustus's meddling, and the fact that they had been able to salvage a friendship out of that wreckage was a testament to both of them. Sharon hadn't been responsible for taking Steve away from him – it had been Red Skull's doing, and Faustus's, and his own, for giving them the opportunity.
Steve pushed himself up to his knees, brushing a scattering of orange fur off the front of his costume. "Wanda, your arms are smaller than mine. Do you want to-"
Which was unlikely, since Hank already had an antidote, but the way Tony had been staring at Cap, somehow both horrified and hungry, as if he were both afraid to look at him and afraid to look away... It was just creepy, was all. Tony wasn't exactly one of Peter's favorite people anymore, but he wouldn't wish the kind of suffering he must be undergoing on anyone.
He broke off mid-sentence as Wanda appeared at the top of the stairs, still pulling on one long, red glove.
Except Sin.  He ought to regret that, to see her as yet another of the Red Skull’s victims, but at the moment, he was too tired to feel anything but relief.
Wanda shook her head. "I don't know. Chthon and Loki are both chaos deities, but I've never heard of a connection between them. Chthon doesn't have allies, just servants."
The supervillian vanished from Jan's grasp, and the tentacles unwound themselves from one another and retracted smoothly back into the wall.
"They don't give you prescription pain medication for no reason. And why are you letting some doctor prescribe you things without asking what they are?"
Bucky was crouching over him, face tight, and Steve could almost feel his shoulder blade shifting and his tendons straining under his metal fingers.  “You’re going to break my shoulder, champ,” he managed.
Don's clothes were torn and stained with something dark, and his head hung forward limply, hair hanging in his face.  Behind him stood Doom himself, with one foot propped on Thor's discarded hammer.
Wanda straightened, eyes narrowing. "He's not my father. He's never been my father, and I should have known better than to go back to him. Lashing out like that made me feel in control, but I wasn't really. He was just using me, the way he did before. And I let him. Again."
The woman gave him a harried smile, and turned to pull one of her children away from a piece of sculpture. "No, sweetie. Don't touch that."
"She'll be half as poisoned," Ms. Marvel interrupted, smacking her forehead with the palm of her hand. "Why didn't anyone think of that?"
Carol half-raised one hand. "I'll do it. Why don't you find the labs and check on Hank and Spiderman?"
Instead, he went to the kitchen and dug an icepack out of the freezer, then dropped into one of the solid wooden chairs and held the plastic bag full of ice against his shoulder. It would have worked better if the leather and mail of his costume weren't in the way, but trying to strip out of the skin-tight leather right now was more trouble than it was worth. He'd wait a few minutes, he decided, let the ice start to numb things.
Steve turned, grinning up at his teammate. He knew that it was never a good idea for a man to let himself get too cocky or complacent, but he allowed himself a moment to luxuriate in the joy of having his team around him again. Thor's cloak was flapping slightly in the fall breeze, his armor gleaming in the sunlight even more brightly than Tony's did. Several yards away, Clint and Carol were giving statements to police officers, Clint's purple leathers a garish splotch of color that nearly rivaled the billboards and neon signs around them, and if Steve looked up, he knew he'd be able to see Redwing circling overhead, keeping an eye on the situation from above for Sam. If it weren't for the absence of Wanda and Vision, Steve could almost imagine that the disasters of the past few years hadn't happened.
Tony grabbed him by the front of his shirt and pulled him closer. Steve let himself be dragged forward, putting one big hand on the back of Tony's neck. Tony closed his eyes and tipped his head back, losing himself in the kiss. He had only been gone a week, but it felt like it had been so much longer. He gave the front of Steve's shirt another tug, leaning backwards, and Steve slid forward, off the chair's arm, until he was half in Tony's lap, not breaking the kiss.
“With that much power?  Yes, he’s sealed up.”  She hesitated, looking not at Steve but somewhere past him.  “I don’t think you can really understand it, Cap.  That kind of power – I was a goddess, just for a moment, or something that could have come close to one, if I’d wanted to.”  She shuddered, wrapping her arms around herself despite the tangle of IV line.  “It was terrifying.”
The lights shut off abruptly, then flickered back on, Sam and Thor's communicators came to life with twin shrieks of feedback, Clint's voice barely distinguishable amidst the static, and Tony went limp in his arms.
Doom.  It seemed more intelligent than the others.  It certainly sounded like him, but then, they all did.
"What's this about Rhodey beating Tony up?" Steve repeated. "I've never heard about it." Tony's friendship with Rhodey had occasionally been strained, especially recently, and Steve had never really understood why. He'd assumed, after overhearing Tony come out to him last month, that it was because Rhodey was straight and Tony obviously wasn't. If Rhodey had taken a swing at Tony over it... And he was angry with AIM, he reminded himself, not Rhodey. Tony was a grown man and could take care of himself in a fight. He'd proved that today -- he'd handled himself well in that restaurant even while drugged.
Tony opened his eyes, frowning up at Hank blankly. "What? Of course I still want you working on it. I trust your science a hell of a lot more than I trust Strange's magic."
Tony nodded, and the two of them returned to the bedroom, Steve ushering Tony along with a hand on the small of his back.
The hand on his shoulder made him jump, his hammer landing at the wrong angle and skidding along the surface of the super-heated breastplate with a grinding sound and a shower of sparks.
"Let them take a look at you when they get here," Steve told him.  It might not be Sam's blood drying all over his clothing, but the swollen lump on his forehead and the bruise already forming around his left eye said that he hadn't escaped entirely unscathed.  "Call SHIELD when you get topside and get them to send a medical team."  They'd be better prepared to deal with Tony and the Extremis than the city hospitals, as well as capable of serving as reinforcements just in case Doom had left any surprises behind for them.
"You don't have to forgive him just because he's hurt, either, you know. If you're still mad at him, you're still mad at him."
Jan ignored him. Their table was situated in a corner of the room, near one of the air conditioning vents, which had been blowing freezing air on her ever since they had sat down. Now, the cold air had suddenly stopped.
"With the victims from the mass poisoning on Wall Street," she confirmed, nodding. "Are you relatives?" She eyed their costumes with an expression that said that she knew perfectly well that they weren't.
He had fallen out of the sky like a rock when Loki had reversed the spell, landing in a crumpled heap on the ground like so much discarded machinery, and Steve had stopped breathing, utterly convinced for one horrible, stomach-churning moment that he was dead.
"You have family here, too," Clint said. Mildly, because he wasn't the one holding the needle. "Some of them are upstairs in hospital beds."
"That's not actually what I was saying." On Sam's shoulder, Redwing cocked his head and eyed Hank's finger threateningly.
Jan grasped her sweater tightly as the wash of air from the quinjet's landing tore at them, and wondered, not for the first time, how the other woman could stand to wear what was essentially a bathing suit in forty-five-degree weather.
"Fine," Steve threw back. "Gladly. When you pass out on your workbench, I won't come looking for you." He turned his back to Tony and stomped toward the elevator, stabbing the 'up' button viciously and wishing it came equipped with a door he could slam. The quite swish of the elevator doors closing wasn't nearly as satisfying.
Steve nodded.  He  didn't even consciously think about not ordering alcohol when Tony was  around anymore, which probably should have been some kind of clue that  things between them had been more serious than Steve had realized for a  long time.  He didn't mind; he'd always liked coca cola.  During the  war, you could get it on all the American air bases in England, and it  had tasted just the way it did at home.  He liked M&M's for much the  same reason -- the army had put them in C rations, and when it was cold  and wet and you'd just walked ten miles in ankle deep mud listening to  the Howling Commandos bicker with each other, you were really grateful  for those pathetic little pieces of candy-coated chocolate.
She leaned in toward him, and Doom found himself staring up into ice-green eyes that were anything but foolish. "Even with the powers of a god, you cannot stand against Chthon."
He'd never been able to get through to Tony when he needed to, either, but he was determined to try now. Like he'd told Tony earlier, he was running out of people to worry about.
"Jan thinks so too," Steve said. "So yes, we did. She said he and Wong are in another dimension. It's got something to do with Dormammu, and weaknesses in the dimensional walls around Manhattan. Apparently, Chthon's toe-hold in the city is like a giant, inter-dimensional beacon to all kinds of nasty things straight out of HP Lovecraft's nightmares."
If Tony had broken under pressure before, he could do so again, and Tony was under an awful lot of pressure right now.
"Well, I'd say it's working out for you." Morgan turned to Tony and held out one perfectly manicured hand. "Morgan Stark. Where ever did Rhodes find someone as delightful as you?" Then, to Rhodey, "I see you haven't introduced us. Afraid I'll steal her away from you?"
Weapons. Like the ones that Tony had made once. The ones that had nearly killed him. This level of open anxiety over them was new, though. "You still do contractor work for the military, or at least you did."
The moment he, Cap, and the Falcon walked through the emergency room doors, everyone in the waiting room turned to stare at them. Well, everyone except for the teenager throwing up into a basin. Clint limped onward, doing his best to ignore the stares; they weren't staring at him because they all knew he'd been humiliatingly stabbed by one of his own arrows. It just felt like they were. They were probably staring at Cap, who had always attracted attention wherever he went, and tended to do so even more these days.
"I've never needed rituals or incantations to do simple hexes." And even when she did use them, it was to refine and control the magic she had always instinctively been able to tap into. The difference between a sorcerer and an energy mutant, perhaps. "I suppose the fact that my powers work differently protected me."
Tony gave a little half-smile. "That's my fault," he said wryly. "I tossed you into the deep end of the pool without bothering to tell you how to swim."
Actually, it hadn't. And he preferred not to think about the fact that, as a high ranking SHIELD agent, Sharon had to have known. "Most of the time I have a longer reach than whomever I'm fighting," Steve observed, as he and Tony circled one another again. "I haven't got that advantage with you."
For a moment, Steve wasn't sure if he wanted to comfort Tony, or shake him — he hated hearing that particular dull note in Tony's voice. He almost reached out to lay a hand on Tony's shoulder, but thought better of it. Tony was holding himself stiffly, his shoulders hunched forward slightly, and didn't look as if he'd welcome a casual touch.
He was in a hospital, he realized. That made sense. And it would explain why he felt strangely weak and uncoordinated.
What had caused it? Why had it only cured some of the mutants affected by M-Day? Was it permanent, or would the "cure" go away as abruptly as it had come? Everyone seemed to have some pet theory – Hank's working hypothesis was that it was magic, and he'd responded to Thor's automatic, "Nay, but what form of magic?" with a snarl of frustration, followed by a blank-faced look of surprise when he'd realized that Thor had actually addressed him directly. Unfortunately, that state of affairs had lasted only a few hours, until the surprise of M-Day's partial reversal had worn off, and Thor had swiftly gone back to pretending that Hank and Tony were not in the room.
"I can sympathize. It's still weird to see Wanda in the Avengers Mansion, but if I can work with her — hell, if
Whatever Sin had had on her, she had used it to open an inter-dimensional portal, similar to the one Reed had created to access the Negative Zone.
Redwing landed on the unconscious man's chest, eyeing him first with one baleful golden eye, then the other; Tony wasn't sure if it was general suspicion, confusion over the fact that the monster of moments before was gone, or vengeful wrath because the man had tried to hurt Sam.
He wasn’t sure how long he sat there, absently rubbing his thumb back and forth over the back of Tony’s hand, before he felt Tony’s fingers twitch slightly.
Steve groaned, one hand going up to cover his face. "How many times have they run the footage of my shield hitting the billboard?"
"I don't know what's right any more." Tony's voice sounded strange, quiet and hoarse and choked off by the tightness in his throat, and, as always these days, not deep enough. "I don't think I've known for a long time."
"I stopped counting after the third time," Hank told him. "They did have a nice close-up on Maddigan ranting about the beauty of destruction in the name of science before you guys took him down, though." As far as superhero-related publicity went these days, that was firmly on the positive side. A.I.M.'s poison gas attack on Wall Street was recent enough in everyone's memory that they were still being unanimously portrayed as the bad guys, and the perky, unblinking news anchor had chirped that a little property damage incurred in the name of stopping another round of mass toxin-induced hysteria was a small price to pay, especially in a major tourist area.
"I'd worry more about Hank destroying your lab." Steve grinned at him, then reached out and placed his free hand on the side of Tony's face, regarding him silently for a moment. "The cat will miss you," he said finally. "You're the one he likes best."
There was always some part of your equipment that needed cleaning or repairing or replacing. And there were arrows to make; you could never have enough arrows.
It was openmouthed, all teeth and tongue and desperation, Tony's hands gripping his shoulders so tightly that it hurt. He'd always wondered what kissing Tony would be like, mostly in terms of wondering what the moustache and goatee would feel like against his face. It turned out that kissing Tony was a lot like sparring with him - both of them gave it their all and Steve forgot, once again, to hold back.
He'd been telling himself that he was going to unpack the things Jarvis had boxed up while he was gone 'eventually' for months now, and Tony had started to complain about tripping over them. Maybe he should go through a couple of boxes; by the time he was finished, Tony would probably have calmed down.
Hill gave him a flat stare. "You deliberately left yourself a back door into them, you mean." Then her expression softened slightly, taking on an uncertain quality that sat oddly on her.
"Don told me," she said. "That you were still working down here." She hesitated, while Hank inwardly agonized over whether or not it would be okay to smile at her, whether that would be friendly or awkward, then said, "I need to talk to you."
Clint obediently bent over Hank's shoulder and examined the screen, where four rows of brightly colored CGI DNA strands were slowly revolving. "That bit there is in all of them except the last one. Are you cloning something again? Because if you are, Thor's going to kill you and none of the rest of us will try to stop him."
Hank looked up from the computer and blinked at Rhodey, as if just noticing that he was there. "There are chemicals in your brain that keep you from getting sad. They block the poison from working. The more of them you have, the less effective it is. Which is why Tony is a twitching, hallucinating ball and Jan," he looked away, "is at least partially lucid."
He heard Steve swear, so quietly that only Tony, standing right next to him, would be able to hear it, and revised the thought. Almost nothing good came without strings.
Steve forced down his worry; he couldn't afford the distraction right now, when they were about to take on Doom with half their team missing, captured, or out of action.  Wanda would have been invaluable right about now, if only she weren't stuck on the Helicarrier, and if only all forms of satellite communication in the city weren't down.
Or she could just let herself in. She hadn't flown at top speed all the way from LA to wait around for Tony to make room in his schedule for her. He had to have some rational justification for why he thought it was a good idea to accept help from supervillains after they'd just finished fixing the mess from the last time they'd done so, and she couldn't wait to hear it.
Still… she had planned to beat Sin to a pulp, her and Doom both, and make them stew humiliatingly in a jail cell, preferably one with nasty energy forcefields and ugly orange jumpsuits that would clash hideously with Sin’s red hair and Doom’s sense of dignity.
Sam exchanged glances with Steve, and saw his own amusement reflected in Steve's expression. "I'd say something about girls and animals," he said, "but Hawkeye talks to it the same way."
As it fell shut, the string of emails from Pepper that Tony was mentally glancing over with a corner of his attention dissolved into static, as did the newsfeed full of reports on the mutant situation. He stiffened, and reached automatically for the armor, relaxing again when he was able to access it easily. Jan's cell phone was still detectible, too, searching futilely for a signal.
The uncertainty had fallen away from Hank's expression, leaving just the shy smile behind. Hank was cute when he smiled like that; it was a shame he didn't do it more often. Jan found herself smiling back.
She was a head shorter than him, weighed barely a hundred and thirty pounds, and had been tortured into insanity by Crossbones and her deranged monster of a father. Smashing his shield into her face and
It wasn't like the old days, when it had been just Hank, Jan, and one or two of the other founding Avengers, and his absence from the field would have left a major hole in their line-up. Not like when his powers had kept fluctuating, before his body had adapted to the Pym particles. He was
Sam was silent for a moment, tilting his head to one side the way he did when he was contemplating something — Redwing did the same thing, and Steve had never been sure whether the hawk had picked it up from Sam, or whether Sam had picked it up from him. "You're way too calm. You haven't read the entire article yet, have you?"
A quarter of a hour later, the Avengers, most of them visibly the worse for wear - especially Tony, whose was armor was dented in several places - watched with satisfaction as Bulldozer, Piledriver, and an unconscious Thunderball whom Wanda had managed to knock unconscious with his own wrecking ball were loaded into a police van. The Wrecker had, unfortunately, gotten away, along with the medieval manuscript he had been carrying.
The last time she'd stayed at the mansion, Vision had been there, too. And Scott Lang. And Clint, and Jen, and... The last time she'd been there, the Avengers had still been a team, a family, and Chthon had used her to shatter them.
Steve had Tony bent backwards, half seated on the table, his shirt unbuttoned, when one of the Mansion's perimeter alarms went off.
Why did people keep coming to him for medical help whenever Don Blake wasn't around? The "Dr." in front of his name was for a Phd in biochemistry, not a medical degree.
Tony didn’t actually roll his eyes, but something about his expression implied the motion anyway.  “As long as you don’t do that pornographic thing I’ve seen you do with Sharon and slide me through your legs.”
Steve pulled a face, the expression failing to disguise the worry in his eyes. "I like to pretend you're still fourteen and not sleeping with my ex-girlfriend. Please don't destroy that fantasy."
"I don't know. I was outside the entire time." Which had probably been wise, considering how dizzy he'd gotten when he'd hooked that policewoman's phone up to the security system.
"All right, people," Steve said, pushing himself to his feet with an effort. The knee he'd wrenched diving away from a laser blast gave a sharp, unhappy twinge at having weight resting on it again. "Game's over. Time for bed."
Strange ducked fluidly out of the way, shouting something incomprehensible, and glowing red bands of... something... wrapped around Doom's torso, pinning his arms to his sides.
"Lukin spoke to me, before I killed him," Bucky said, slowly. "He asked me to shoot him quickly, to let him die as himself. I thought – I hoped – I was killing both of them. But Lukin was the one I saw when I looked into his eyes." He swore in Russian, crumpling the print-out into a ball. "How many times do I have to kill him?"
"You can stay with us," Cap offered, and gave the other Avengers a stern, firm-jawed glance that dared them to disagree.
"Someday," Sam was saying, "I will get you to admit that your super soldier serum has a healing factor in it."
"We know his weakness – until and unless he can break completely free of his prison, he needs a human host. Unfortunately, he's rarely had any difficulty obtaining one."
Tony failed to look convinced. "It's not just the height. It's the build, and the bone structure, and... trust me, I'm very familiar with the differences between men and women at this point. You would make an extremely unconvincing drag queen."
"And Loki has never willingly served anyone." Thor's face was grim. "I would have words with this Agatha Harkness."
This hadn't been a supervillain attack. No one had made the crane collapse with powers or explosives and malicious intent; no one had tried to hurt any of these people, not on purpose. It had been pure bad luck and faulty equipment.
Steve stepped carefully around his upturned shield, then stopped, an idea striking him, and bent down to flip it over, so that it was convex, the smooth surface dully reflecting the faint light from the window.
"Honestly? I think there's about as much chance of Peter signing on for anything that's got 'Initiative' in the name as there is of Roxxon Oil suddenly deciding to sponsor Greenpeace."
Except that when he planted one hand on Tony's chest to pin his shoulder blades more firmly to the ground, he could feel the soft swell of Tony's right breast under his palm. That was... not like before. The sports bra must not be made of very thick fabric, because Steve could actually feel Tony's nipple hardening through it.
Hank winced, watching her rub at the spot, and lowered the lasers' energy levels. With the training room's safety protocols fully engaged they were already at close to minimum, but you couldn't be too careful the first time you live-tested any version of a danger room.
She was staring at him, Hank realized. It took effort to make himself met her eyes. The fact that she was even willing to be in the same room with him was more than he had any right to expect.
him – it had been a horrible violation, and the cost... Dickstein's committee had forced Hank's hands, but assigning the blame where it was due still wasn't going to bring Bill back.
"You forget who you speak to," Doom said, in tones of freezing menace. "You would accomplish nothing on your own, and amusing as it would be to see you fail and come crawling back, it would waste time." It was a calculated risk, all but daring her to leave, but the reminder of her own pathetic helplessness might work in his favor.
was Steve's first thought. The dark smudges under his eyes that had been there this morning were deeper now, and his hair was a mess. His white dress shirt was crumpled and smeared with grease and machine oil, and there was a dark streak — probably more oil — down the side of his face.
Sam shrugged, hefting the paperback in his right hand. "I was awake anyway. Go clean yourself up and make nice with your boyfriend."
"We thought you could use the back-up," Tony said, as a repulsor blast took what remained of the Doombot square in the chest.  "Agents Carter and Barnes are on their way, along with whatever SHIELD can scramble."
"I do," Jan said. If she hadn't before, she would have after today, after seeing how desperately uncomfortable merely putting a costume - any costume - on again had made him. After seeing him suit up again despite that, because the team needed him. "I know you're trying, Hank. I meant it, when I said you did a good job today." She smiled at him, and it only felt a little forced. "It's always nice seeing someone cut Atlas down to size. Last time we fought him, the Falcon managed to take him down single-handedly, with only his pet bird for help, but I was busy with Zemo, so I don't know how he did it."
He was fine. He was just being an uncommunicative jackass, because some business deal or other at Stark Enterprises, defragmenting his armor, or redesigning SE's tablet computer from the ground up because the patent infringement case had suddenly turned in HP's favor, was so important that he'd lost track of time.
Hank, significantly less skilled at hiding his emotions, had left even before Thor had, storming out of the room with his head held high, determinedly not looking at the rest of them.
"Every time you buy a carton of it, Häagen-Dazs donates money to help preserve honey bee populations."
Which was true, but, "Chthon's been causing enough trouble from there. And we don't know she's safe from him." As failsafes went, magic tattoos were probably less-than-reliable. How did you test them? How did you calculate for margins of error when you were working with alchemical symbols and incomprehensible sorcerous scribbles?
"The Mansion doesn't have anyone in it right now but Steve and me," Tony interrupted. "You can even have your old room, if you don't mind some construction noises and the near total lack of furniture."
"She's right." Hill was giving him a long, searching look. "Go home, Tony. You've given us the intel on Sin and Doom; SHIELD can take over from here."
It never did any good to romanticize the past. It usually wasn't that different from the present, and in some ways, it had been worse.
Tony smirked, dodging back out of range, the blow missing him by less than an inch. "And it never occurred to you and Sharon that the backseats of those flying cars are monitored?"
The plane came to a stop just as she completed the thought, and a blandly pleasant female voice crackled over the intercom, telling passengers that the plane had completed taxiing, and they were now permitted to unfasten their seat belts and proceed to the exits.
"She-Hulk and I will take you shopping tomorrow," Jan promised. "As soon as Strange is done fixing Tony."
"So," Steve said to Tony, as the two of them watched a pair of firemen setting up wooden barricades at the corner of Water St. and Old Fulton St., "want to come back to my place?"
Tony lowered the unconscious woman gently to the ground, beside Carol's man and the limp form of the woman with the museum bag, looked up just in time to see Sam's canister of antidote hit the sidewalk with a clank.
Doom ignored him, his gaze remaining on Steve.  "I gave you life again, Captain.  It would be a simple thing to take it back again, and none of your friends or allies would be willing or able to raise you a second time.  You do not want to stand in my way."
"No," Tony snapped, "we couldn't have. If we hadn't given them a superpowered test subject, there they would have gone out and found one. I wasn't going to give them Spiderman or Jessica Drew to dissect, or give them the Extremis and let them kill ninety percent of their test subjects with it, anymore than Hank was going to make them a new supersoldier virus to test on human guinea pigs, on kids who had no more idea of what they were getting into than Steve or Isaiah Bradley did. Cloning you was a compromise." He glared up at Thor, meeting his eyes for the first time in... perhaps for the first time since his return. "If I'd said no, and let them take me to experiment on instead, a lot more people would have died."
With an unthinking ease that Hank tried very hard not to be jealous of, Jan shrank down and flew to perch on the corner of one of the computer screens, where she could watch him from above without getting in the way. Tony was already shucking his armor without needing to be told, pieces of red and gold metal folding themselves up neatly into an open briefcase on one of the workbenches as if acting of their own volition; Tony's Extremis powers were as fascinating as they were mildly creepy.
"No," Clint interrupted. "It wasn't that." He hadn't been able to bring himself to mention any of this to Cap, because he knew exactly how disappointed in him Steve would be, and he couldn't talk about it with Jan, because, well, he just couldn't. And he'd be damned if he'd admit any of it to Hank, after the way he'd gone after him for hitting Jan. There was Sam, but he treated Clint like he was Cap's stupid younger brother half the time. And Clint had only decided a week ago that he wasn't going to hold Tony's recent lapse into Big Brother is Watching insanity and inexplicable ability to turn Cap gay against him anymore. Mostly because the Big Brother thing had really been the government's fault, and, when he really thought about it, Cap had always been kind of gay.
Wanda smile at Clint, and added sweetly, "But not nearly as much as we regretted the Indian princess costume."
Tony had spent over a month thinking he was dead. Steve didn't even want to think about what he would have done if it had been him in that position. He'd barely been able to hold it together through a single afternoon.
Tony pointed this out, along with the fact that it was a ridiculously unlikely long shot, and then one of the SHIELD medical personnel, who had until then been ignoring them, started heading in their direction.
Stopping Chthon had meant taking her down by any means necessary.  He’d known that from the moment Sin had stepped into the spell-circle, her eyes glowing with inhuman power.
Clint started to answer, then stopped, making a face. "I... don't know. I have no freaking idea. She must have whammied that out of my head, too."
"... and Hank was a really bad idea, but I've always had a weakness for blonds. And for people who would be terrible for me."
He plowed past Wong like the tank his armor effectively made him, ignoring the chunk of pauldron, backplate, and cape he lost to the man's dagger, firing energy bolts indiscriminately at everyone still standing.   One of them grazed Tony's arm, setting alarms blaring in his head and flashing in his helmet display, and he hesitated for one stupid, cowardly instant.
On the one hand, Clint was being an asshole. On the other hand, Clint was not panicking, which was always a useful quality when Hank's shaky medical knowledge was the only thing standing between one of his teammates and possible death. It was the reason Hank had agreed to let him fly the quinjet - well, that, and Clint was technically their team leader.
Agatha's lips thinned. "More power, yes, but his path to power is not one that is open to you. If you need a teacher once again, you know my door is always open."
They'd agreed to put her back on active duty, he reminded himself, and turned to Steve, wanting to gauge his reaction.
"It's from Steve. How unprofessional could it be?" Especially compared to some of the messages previous dates had occasionally left for him. While anything could sound suggestive if read in the right voice, Pepper had developed a finely honed skill for making the most lurid and salacious of messages sound utterly devoid of interest or appeal, generally by reading them in a tone of extreme boredom. Tony had asked her, once, how she did it with a straight face, and she had smiled and said, dryly, "Constant practice."
Usually he couldn't keep the cat away when he was fletching arrows — the feathers and the sinew he used to bind the fletches on were apparently some kind of cornucopia of cat delight, and Matt/Patton/Churchill would sit inches from his feet and
The thick carpet muffled his footfalls as he strode toward the kitchen, down hallways even emptier of decoration than they had once been; what little ornament the place had contained had been moved to the mansion now.
The pain ceased almost instantly.  Thor rose to his knees, still holding his hammer, and looked automatically toward the opened door, now the only source of light.  No more of Doom or Sin's arms-men were forthcoming, and the one Hank Pym had struck down appeared unconscious.
There were sirens closing in from more than one direction now, and car horns and shouting from the still-blocked streets now that the eerie silence of the green fire was gone.  One of the medics said something she didn’t catch to Sam.  “No,” Sam said firmly, lurching to his feet and taking a step back, just a little defensively, from the man attempting to check on him.  “Redwing stays with me.  We’re fine.”
When you looked at it that way, it did sound kind of disgusting. "I never had pets growing up either," Sam offered. "The superintendent in our apartment building hated them."
Jan's response was cut off by a loud squeal of brakes from below, and she tracked it to its source just in time to see a car slam into a parked SUV with a loud, metallic crunch. It rebounded off the SUV, side-swiped the car parked illegally on the other side of the street, and came to a halt in the middle of the street. Several feet away, its crumpled front fender spun lazily over the asphalt.
"I need help," Wanda blurted out before he could say anything, or make a move to treat her as a potential threat. "Please, I have to see Strange."
Doom, however, explained himself to no one. "The equinox is still months away. I would council patience, but I imagine that is beyond you."
"I know," Steve managed to get in. Sam hadn't 'freaked.' Sharon hadn't. Bucky hadn't. Hank and Jan and Carol hadn't. Even Clint, despite Steve's initial worries, had reacted more to the fact that he was sleeping with Tony in particular than to the fact that he was in love with another man. Thor had narrowed his eyes and told him that the bond between warriors was a sacred thing, and he should be certain that he gave his trust and affections only to those who were worthy of it, and said nothing when he'd snapped back that Tony was worthy.
Sam rubbed at his face for a moment, then swung his legs over the side of the couch and sat up.  The bruises on his face had swollen until his left eye was half-shut; Steve winced internally looking at it.  Sin's handiwork.
Redwing was more than just a pet, had always been.  Steve had never pried too hard into exactly how it worked, but Sam could see what Redwing saw, feel what he felt.  Feeling his bird die was something he might not have recovered from.
"He tried to recruit Maya to investigate using Extremis to create super soldiers. Since it has a ninety percent fatality rate and has caused insanity in fifty percent of surviving test subjects, I made her tell him no." Actually, he'd begged her. It had been during those dark, empty weeks when Steve had been gone, and Kooning had wanted to use an Extremis-enhanced super soldier to replace him.
She'd been dreaming about Chthon until that first Doombot had woken her up.  The tattoo on the back of her neck still itched, though the backs of her hands no longer burned — they had literally burned, before, with an angry red glow that had died away before she'd finished waking up.  Maybe it had been part of the dream.
Tony had done all of his fighting in the armor before that point, and he had repeatedly left himself wide open, more so than his relative lack of experience in hand-to-hand combat could have accounted for; he'd been so used to depending on the armor's ability to absorb damage that he often hadn't bothered to dodge or block Steve's blows.
If they were lucky, it would stay snow, and not turn into sleet and ice.  And since the chaos Chthon and the spear had been generating was gone, they might actually get lucky.
In the mirror, Loki's fingers curled around his neck, the gesture at once both seductive and threatening. She was powerful enough to kill mortal men through their reflections thus. "I am not your enemy this time, Thunder God, despite ample provocation," she said, the words still something close to a snarl. "How many times must I swear it?"
Jan eyed him with a distinctly assessing gaze, and started to grin in a way that made Tony distinctly uneasy.
"I always did mean it, at least with you." Tony batted his eyelashes up at Rhodey, ostentatiously mimicking some of the more vapid woman he'd once dated.
It was true, though. An office building the size of Stark Tower was packed with potential victims for Chthon or any other supervillain from nine to five every day. It was probably a minor miracle that there hadn't been some kind of terrible disaster there yet. "Jan has a good point," Wanda began. "I appreciate the offer, but-"
left on her boot, and knelt to plant the first of the explosives. She set the timer for fifteen minutes. Any of her men who took longer than that to get out of the building deserved the death they would get.
The Avengers Mansion's white façade was entirely complete now, the late afternoon sunlight turning the pale stonework reddish-gold. From the air, the remains of the damage to the grounds were all too visible, but were it not for the crater still waiting to be filled in in the lawn and the half-dead remains of the gardens, the building itself would have looked untouched, as if it had stood there on the corner of Fifth and 70th unmolested since before the first world war.
Hank's face twisted for a moment, his misery obvious. Tony felt a pang of sympathy. Steve didn't know what it was like not to be able to trust yourself, didn't really understand that it wasn't the specific costume that was the problem, but the act of wearing one at all, and the power and responsibility it brought with it.
He did not in the slightest live up to the fantasies Steve had been guiltily trying to suppress - too thin, the small waist and gently rounded hips that ought have been part of a lush, hourglass figure accompanied instead by breasts small enough that they were barely visible under the oversized man's shirt that was clearly one of Tony's own.
The man reached forward, probably intending to take Tony's arm and steady him. "A little early in the evening to be into the champagne," he said, and Tony suddenly knew, with a deep, visceral knowledge that seemed to come from nowhere, that he didn't want this man to touch him.
"Did you even think about the risks?" Steve was asking. "You should have told us you were compromised right away."
Okay, message delivered. Now it was time to find MJ and Aunt May, apologize for disappearing on them, and then get back to the lab.
Tony blinked hard, eyes hot, as Steve's face blurred. He shook his head again, pulling away from Steve's hand. Steve always had faith in him, even when he didn't have any faith in himself. It was one of the things Tony loved in him, but he wished with all his soul that Steve wouldn't do it, would stop unthinkingly laying the heavy burden of his trust and belief on Tony. It only made disappointing him, fighting with him, letting him down all the more painful.
"War Machine, Ms. Marvel," Steve said into his commlink, "The Falcon and I are coming up. Keep everyone contained on the top floor until we get there. If there's anyone who needs immediate medical attention, one of you can take them down to the paramedics by air."
Tony raised his eyebrows, but sat in the chair without comment. Chivalry seemed to be engraved in Steve's genetic code, and protesting that he wasn't actually a woman only worked for a few minutes until Steve forgot himself again and did something like hold a door open for him. "So, the two of you are working together now? Should I be scared?"
"Oh," Clint said, not bothering to hide the fact that he hadn't followed that. "So, what the hell is up with your eyes?"
"If I'd asked for help, you would have stopped me," he defended, more from reflex than anything else. Steve
Whatever problem might have once existed between Rhodey and Tony, they had obviously dealt with it. Even the awkwardness that Steve was thought he'd picked up on after Tony had told Rhodey that he liked men seemed to have dissipated.
"No," he told her, not bothering with diplomacy. "You can't. SHIELD isn't set up to handle supernatural threats. The Avengers can. We've done it before."
"I can do it," Peter volunteered. "I should check in with Aunt May and MJ, anyway. They've got no idea where I've been for the past two hours." He knew they'd understand, but that didn't mean that they weren't worrying, and that he didn't owe them a heads-up.
"He doesn't do it if he thinks someone's watching." She leaned forward, lowering her voice, and added, "Wanda and I used to sneak into the monitor room to watch him any time he went in to practice by himself, on the off chance that he'd start dancing."
"That's because MODOK had plans," Tony said. With his helmet on, he didn't have to try to cover his exhaustion or add animation to his voice – the helmet's voice modulators covered a multitude of sins. "I'm not sure Maddigan does." A.I.M. had never had much in the way of discernible goals, aside from the pursuit of ever-fancier ways to destroy things via cutting edge science, but lately their plans had been even more random than usual, as if they'd switched from the pursuit of knowledge and weapons development at all cost to pure promotion of anarchy for anarchy's sake.
Wanda was eye to eye with him. It was disconcerting to be this small; he hadn't been this short since he was fifteen. And his balance was all wrong; he'd had to constantly watch himself to keep from falling over before he taken the armor off.
"He might have breasts, but he's still Tony." Clint sounded mildly horrified; Tony might have been offended if he hadn't known him so well. "I mean, not that it isn't about time you displayed interest in a human being who wasn't Jan, but
"You speak English?" she asked, her own English crisp and British-flavored and free of any hint of German accent. "Why didn't you speak it before? I told you I didn't speak Rumanian."
"Play nice, Kel," she told him, giving him an amused, through-the-eyelashes look, and okay, somebody was obviously playing "doctor and nurse" outside of hospital hours. "They're relatives. I've got to go check on the other victims." She turned and walked away down the hall. She had very nice legs for a woman in her forties, Clint observed distantly.
"Yeah. You know, you might want to rethink 'lying to people for their own good' as a leadership strategy."
Everything smelled of dust and old paper, and half the paperbacks had cracked spines and yellowed, dog-eared pages. Half of them had come from the Strand, or other second-hand book stores, because you couldn't find Rafael Sabatini, Fritz Leiber, or Grant Stockbridge anywhere else. Or Victor J. Banis, whose books didn't have to be carefully hidden behind something safely boring-looking anymore. Tony might mock his taste, but he was hardly going to complain about the content.
Sam didn't reply, just nodded and took Tony from him, draping Tony's arm over his neck and wrapping his own arm around Tony waist. Then his hard-light wings snapped out, and he stepped out the window.
He dumped the stack of forms the DoE guys had left for him to look over in his inbox - the lawyers could look at them tomorrow - and stood. Sound went distant for a moment, and the edges of his vision blurred.
Some of the things they had lost could never be recovered, but Steve had never dared to hope that they would be able to salvage this much, to build something new out of the ashes. He'd certainly never expected anything as miraculous as Clint's return, or Thor's -- even though he might still be avoiding them, just knowing that he was alive was like having a weight that Steve hadn't even known was there lifted off his shoulders.
Tony had beat a hasty retreat as well, declining the offer to remove the armor or even just take off his helmet, and the Falcon had pulled Steve aside for a low-voiced conversation that involved lots of emphatic hand gestures, which left Jan staring at Hank.
. Everything was going to be fine, and Rhodey would be pleased to see him and no supervillains were going to attack the charity ball.
Tony glared up at her. He would have stood, but he had a nasty suspicion that Pepper, in her customary three-inch heels, would turn out to be taller than he currently was. "I'm glad this is so amusing for you," he said.
For a moment, everyone just stood there. Steve still held himself as if ready for an attack, whole body a study in coiled tension. Beside him, Sam rubbed at his throat with one hand, wincing.
Steve hit one of the venom symbiotes in the face with his shield, sending it reeling back into Tony's waiting hands. He locked eyes with Tony over the thing's head for a fraction of a second, his gaze flicking from Tony to the bent lamppost, then turned away to help Clint. His hand latched onto the thing's shoulder – or what Tony thought was its shoulder – and yanked it backwards just in time to keep Clint's face intact.
"Also genetically male again." Hank waved a computer print out at Tony as if it were some kind of prize. "Congratulations; your Y chromosome is back."
"You don't think you're jumping into this a little quickly?" Sam ducked under Steve's punch and backed away from him, moving on the balls of his feet. "You've been seeing each other for what, two months?"
Tony raised his eyebrows.  "That  wasn't dancing, Steve," he said dryly.  "It was extremely athletic sex  performed to saxophone music.  And for the record, going to a jazz club  isn't the same thing as going clubbing, for which you should count  yourself lucky."
"You thought it was going to be." There had been a point in time when that statement, coming from Hank, would have been a dig at Jan for being vain, or naХve. Now, it just sounded teasing, if somewhat awkwardly so.
"Later," Tony said, holding up a hand to cut Steve off. He grabbed the back of the couch and shoved himself to his feet, half expecting the dizziness to get worse when he stood, and relieved to find that it didn't. He stretched carefully, feeling his spine pop, and triggered the underarmor, the liquid metal a spreading warmth over his skin that almost immediately cooled to room temperature. "Someone's broken into the museum, first floor, and taken out the security cameras in the special exhibit area. They've killed at least one guard already. With," he pulled the footage back up, enhanced it, "a very familiar-looking knife."
Ben nodded. "I think I have more than enough for an article already, but far be it from a reporter to miss a chance to dig for more information."
She could just hear Steve and the Falcon over the engine noise, arguing about whether this was going to screw up the East and West Coast team line-up. Vision loomed colorfully behind them, silently listening to their conversation.
Yes, he was, and he even felt guilty about it, if only slightly, but, "I had to get out. I had to." It was more than the opportunity to be an Avenger again, more than a second, well, fourth, shot at things with Jan. "It was only a matter of time before Gyrich and Dr. Blitzschlag would have had me cloning a superhero army for them, and I really don't want to become the government's better-looking answer to Armin Zola." Blitzschlag had made Hank's skin crawl, with his wild-eyed glee over the prospect of working with the man who'd created Ultron and cloned (so horribly unsuccessfully) a god. He'd been disturbingly comfortable with the idea of using people as government science experiments, and Hank strongly suspected that he was a former Nazi.
"He doesn't always notice?" The Night Nurse finished. "I know. They aren't normal burns. It looks almost as if he did it to himself by grabbing some kind of electric wire."
That might be true, but Hank still knew significantly more about computers than Clint. He was trying to think of the most insulting way possible to point this out when Jan stepped forward and fluttered her eyelashes at the nearest camera.
“I can check for that,” she blurted out.  “Now that I don’t have to worry about Chthon’s presence and the spear’s influence distorting any attempt to work magic, it would be simple.  There’s barely any ambient chaos left in the city right now.”
Steve carefully smudged the shading around the curve of the vase until it was even, then studied it and considered the merits of erasing and starting over again. The entire thing was slightly but visibly lopsided.
The man complied, then tried to gut Steve with the serpent-headed dagger he wore strapped to his thigh.
Tony had actually been the first of them to figure out that something was wrong, insisting with tear in his eyes that something was controlling him, that someone or something had done something to him and made him drunk.
The wind was cold, much colder than LA, but at least the air out here was clear. A strand of hair lashed at her eyes, catching on the edge of her mask, and Carol shoved it away with the back of her hand. "Just think, we could have spent the past half hour fighting something with twelve tentacles that oozes caustic slime."
Steve ducks his head, feeling properly like his Ma has just chastised him for picking a fight again. “Yes, Ma’am.”
Both Thor and Steve had watched her go, the former with something unreadable in his expression and the latter with guilt churning in his gut.
Tony would never believe him unless he saw it with his own two eyes. Tony isn’t very good with himself like that, Steve knows. He’s always been a strange dichotomy of self-hatred and arrogance.
that he refuses to name when Tony picks it up like a fragile, precious jewel from his lap after Clint settles it there.
There’s an irony in there, he thinks. Steve knows perfectly well what he would have done had those civilians not gotten between him and Tony.
This is clearly going nowhere. Steve takes a fortifying breath and decides to leave this battle for another day. “We’ll continue this conversation some other time, all right?” he says and knows that Tony knows that he isn’t asking.
Steve soothes a hand down the length of Tony’s back, setting up a circular rhythm. “Hey, no,” he murmurs, “take your time; you just take your time, all right? I’m not going anywhere.” And, despite himself, there’s something warm that is blossoming in his chest at being able to hold the other man like this―to offer what comforts he can, to feel the solidly of his body against his own.
Clint barely withholds the roll of his eyes. “It’s not a joke. This is really his mom. Biological mom. Tony’s adopted.” He wriggles his arms. “Also, this shit is heavier than it looks.”
Is this what it felt like, he wonders, to break someone’s trust for the sole sake of keeping them alive and well? Willingly betraying Tony’s trust, while he is most vulnerable in his sleep―the pain it inspires in his heart threatens to render him apart. And if this pain is but a modicum to what Tony must have went through,
This was supposed to be a bit longer, but I've decided to split some stuff up for the next part of the series. I hope it still lives up to expectations. :)
Thor takes that moment to stand. “Allow me, then,” he asks and takes the gifts from Barton’s arms into one of his own. He reaches for the door’s handle and pulls it somewhat ajar, bracing an arm against the door’s edge.
And then he goes back to the living room, where Tony is asleep on the couch. He’s moved around a little, sleeping on his side instead of on his back; he’s burrowed even more deeply into the folds of the blanket he carries around everywhere with him. When he reaches his side, Steve understands why.
And that’s when Steve sees the man’s face. The crowd follows his same thought, and they all go wild. There’s a faded Jimmy Fallon in the background, jumping in excitement and twirling like a little kid with both hands over his mouth. Lila is not faring much better.
He thinks at first that it is Bucky under that cowl. It’s Steve, instead, somehow alive after everything―and it’s Steve that turns away from Tony without a word or a second glance at the end of the fight. His silence is that of disappointment―broken trust, betrayal―and frozen-over ire.
They almost lose him. Tony’s fever had climbed so high he started seizing, twitching and rattling so hard his wound had been gushing blood. It took both Thor and Steve to properly hold him down.
Tony huffs, clearly trying to retain an eye roll. “I’ll sleep later, in a bit. I want presents, and I want jello. I’m a man of simple needs.”
Rhodey tries for a smile, but it falls flat. He doesn’t think he can smile for Tony just yet―not with the memory of Tony flatlining still starkly fresh in his mind. “Yeah, you gonna have to try your words again, Tones. Not even my Tony-to-English dictionary could translate that.”
That finally gets them moving. Natasha is the first to step up, holding her arms up. “Hulk, let me see him.”
“I could beat the living shit out of you,” Steve seethed. “What kind of scum are you, to batter a defenseless man for the sake of soothing your own hurt ego? Tony Stark is innocent of whatever crimes you have accused him―”
you could do is stand up to the goddamn President of the United fucking States and tell him where to shove his scapegoating
They spill and spill and spill, one after the other as if they were running from the unbearable heat smoldering within their host. Tony hunches over himself, as much as the combination of the harness and his right arm across his body allow him to, trying to hide proof of his shame and weakness behind the hand he uses to cover his features. His teeth are gouging into his lower lip to prevent the release of the sobs wracking his shoulders.
