John squirmed when Sherlock tried to unlock the cuffs. Sherlock put a hand on his shoulder and whispered into his ear. "Hey, it's me. I'm here. Just hold still and I'll get you free of these."
, but now I can focus on these ficlets. Still hoping to finish by Christmas Eve!
"Hm. All right. Go for it." He carefully turned himself around so he was facing Sherlock, then, once he was sure he was balanced, lifted his arms from the crutches, letting them fall to the floor.
"Sherlock!" John shouted again, and Sherlock tore his eyes away from Moriarty's body. John was in the doorway, sitting several steps down on the staircase, the gun in his right hand still trained on Moriarty.
John left them alone, going into the kitchen to tidy up. Knowing Sherlock, he probably thought that John's declaration that he would help raise Eve meant that he would come over and clean the flat while Sherlock entertained both her and Rosie. And that would be fine, wouldn't it? Although it would be easier if he lived here. It wasn't the first time he'd considered the possibility of moving back to Baker Street, and now there was even more incentive to do so. He'd give Sherlock a little bit more time to adjust, then ask him what he thought about the idea.
"Yes? Come here, you." She squatted down and caught Rosie by the arm as she ran by. "Your face is covered in pizza sauce."
Sherlock tipped his head from side to side. "But I told you what I was doing."
"That ship sailed years ago, Mrs. Hudson," Sherlock said. "I think we all know that."
An hour later, as the cab pulled up to the address Lestrade had provided, Sherlock refrained from asking John if he was sure about using the braces in public, for fear of the answer. He simply unloaded them from the cab's boot while John got out of the car, and—
"Rosie?" John thought he'd started to follow the conversation, but maybe he was misunderstanding.
He blinked down at her to see that she was still wearing nothing but socks. He spied her rain boots by the door and helped her get her feet into them—usually she could manage on her own, but he wanted to leave as quickly as possible before Molly made this any more awkward.
"I'm going to have a bath. I feel all sweaty, as if someone's been clinging to me all night."
“No!” Sherlock echoed John’s shout.
Without discussing it, they both pulled their chairs closer until they were virtually touching, each leaning forward to speak in hushed tones. John could almost savour the long-familiar sensation of sitting close as they worked through a difficult problem together. But this wasn't a case, and he doubted that even Sherlock's genius was likely to come up with a satisfying solution to their current dilemma.
And there wasn't much chance that would change in the next few days, especially not if they were staying in his parents' house. He sighed again and swung the two travel bags onto his shoulder, then left the flat, hoping their stay away from home didn't last very long.
Sherlock looked up at him again in annoyance. "You're the one who needs to keep himself regular."
study on dementia, he didn't really think he'd become any slower since he started the amitriptyline. Moriarty was just hard to catch because his moves were random and he was careful to leave no trail to follow, except when he wanted to be found.
"Okay, into the kitchen we go." He stood up, then stopped when he saw that John had emerged from the kitchen to see what had happened. "She's fine," Sherlock told him. "No need to worry."
This is the prompt I skipped a couple days ago, and kept starting over with. I didn't really want to leave Eurus's visit hanging, but I also feel like there's a lot more potential plot there than I can accommodate in a few ficlets, so I don't know how much more I will resolve it. Anyway, I figured after a couple of fluffy days it was time for something less happy. Sorry not sorry!
Surely, if Mycroft was able to get out of the flat, he'd be out by now. Sherlock met John's eyes, their faces only a few inches apart, and John gave one short, sharp nod and the lightest of pushes against Sherlock's chest. He stood, shaking his coat out and took one step back towards 221. In the distance, a fire engine wailed; it would be here soon, but not soon enough. If Mycroft and Anthea were injured and trapped, a minute or two could make all the difference.
When he'd heard the lift run and then the door to the street open and close, he sat up and grabbed his phone again. He stared at Moriarty's text message for a moment, pushing aside the whispers telling him this was a bad idea.
Sherlock answered. "Leo, Bella...." He squinted at her. "Oh, not Gabe Simpson—you're over him, aren't you? So who's the third?"
John pulled out the wooden chair and spun it around so its back was against the desk and then sat down in it, facing away from Sherlock. "Hand me a pillow, would you?" Sherlock did, and John put it on the desk so he could rest his forehead on it, letting his arms fall loosely to the sides of his body. "How's this?"
"Stop talking or the reading I get won't be accurate."
"Yes, yes." Sherlock briefly touched John's hand on his arm, then pulled away. He just needed to say to his parents that he and John would be happy to sleep together because they were now a couple. So why couldn't he say that? He wasn't ashamed. How could anyone be ashamed to say they were sleeping with John, of all people? But he was still hesitant. He'd never had a significant other before, never brought anyone home to his parents. Never told them he was interested in men. Never mentioned his sexuality at all, and they had never asked. What were they going to say? They would most likely be accepting—he'd never seen any indication that they wouldn't be—but even so, their perception of him was going to change when they learned that he and John were together. And he didn't know—
Nothing was going to fade away while he was sitting in the recliner, that much was clear, especially given that he could hear two distinct patterns of snoring coming from the bedroom.
It would be nice to have something close at hand to soothe his nerves, since the amitriptyline certainly hadn't been doing much to control his anxiety lately.
"You.... Me. You said you loved me, before. At my wedding. Didn't you?"
Sherlock nodded. "And you'll sleep better if Eve isn't there to wake you."
"Really?" John stared at him, wondering if Sherlock would have helped her slip out of the flat.
Probably. "No. We—we like each other well enough. We just need to find ways to relieve our boredom without spending our time obsessing over whether we're going to get sick or not."
John pursed his lips. Between a couple of extremely generous life insurance policies and the multiple bank accounts Mary had scattered over half the world, he didn't exactly have to worry about money anymore. Mary had made sure he and Rosie would have access to everything she had hidden away. He'd never actually mentioned that to Sherlock, though he supposed it wasn't that difficult of a deduction to make. He'd just never known what to say: By the way, I'm rich, now. He still wasn't really comfortable with most people knowing, though he supposed Mrs. Holmes and Mrs. Hudson wouldn't think twice about it, given their own levels of wealth. They certainly weren't paying any attention to him now: Mrs. Hudson was still in the kitchen, making tea, and Mrs. Holmes was watching Rosie, who was busy pulling the remnants of the Styrofoam packing material from the glider box so she could crawl into it.
"Hmm, well." Anderson put his hand on his chin and made a show of surveying everyone seated around the table. "I would use the foot bath, but I won't steal that from you, John, since it seems that Sherlock is shirking his duty."
Sherlock brought their hands up to his mouth and kissed John's. "Please don't leave me again like you did today, even if you're angry at me. I was terrified when Moriarty had you. I didn't know what he was going to do to you."
"That's the third time you've asked," he replied. "Are you expecting a different answer?"
"Take the rest of your clothes off and I'll show you."
"Good." John settled back more comfortably against the sofa arm, thinking about what he wanted to do. He wasn't particularly in the mood for sex himself, but he did want Sherlock to enjoy himself. Best to be direct, and let Sherlock know that he was in charge this time. "Now, if you want to do this, you need to do exactly what I tell you to do."
John took another deep breath and looked up at Sherlock, the weight of the baby in his arms helping to keep him calm. "Okay. Well. Eurus has run away and left her child behind but at least she's not high. Now do you think it's time for us to call your brother?"
"Oh." Sherlock put his hands into the pockets of his dressing gown and then drew them out again, still empty. "Sorry about that. I had to turn the sound off on my phone so it wouldn't wake Eve when I put it in her cot."
His face still buried in the pillow on the desk, John tipped his head from side to side, stretching his neck, then sat up, reaching his left hand over his own shoulder to feel the muscle that Sherlock had been trying to loosen. "That's a lot better already," he said. "I don't know how much more you can do. It's the tendon, not just the muscle. It gets inflamed, even though I don't do anything too repetitive with my arm. I think it's just always been weak from—" He dropped his hand lower to touch the old bullet wound. "Just something I have to live with, I guess." He shifted his position on the chair, moving his shoulder up and down a few times, and tipping his head to the side until his neck made an audible popping noise.
John shook his head and continued his slow march back and forth across the room.
He lifted his head from the pillow to peer at John, though it was too dark to get a good look at his expression. "You don't need to teach me how to go to sleep. Believe it or not, I've been doing it for years. Even before I met you I occasionally went to bed."
"Because his goal isn't to kill Sherlock," Mycroft said. "It's to win him."
"Oh, John, good morning. I thought you might be here." Mrs. Hudson turned to him. "I was just coming up to see how much tea to brew. I knew I heard Rosie last night. Screaming at four o'clock in the morning—was she feeling ill? I haven't heard her wail like that since she was a baby."
Sherlock rolled onto his back and reached towards John with his left hand. "I'm not ambidextrous like you are."
"No, sorry, I didn't mean— But this is different, yeah? Moriarty probably didn't get them from a morgue. He cut off two people's fingers just to mess around with you."
Sherlock let John's recitation of the mundane facts of their lives file itself away in his Mind Palace, in case the information became useful at some point. Anderson wandered into the kitchen and Sherlock chased him away—he wasn't getting much helpful data from the bodies but having Anderson there to muck things up wouldn't help. Maybe John could, though; even if he didn't catch anything Sherlock had missed, he did tend to be an excellent conductor of light.
call it pain anymore? Furthermore, after how alive Sherlock made him feel, does it really make a difference if it hurts? It's not every day that you meet a person like Sherlock Holmes, whose brilliance and acceptance (and sheer dumb fucking luck, of course) cures an unfixable limp and makes a broken man feel like he's actually not as broken as he thinks. John Watson was withered with age and strained from war, and Sherlock was like glue, fixing him up and putting him back together again.
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows. "But... Why? I mean, why tell John about Mary? Why do all of this for me?" He asked, trying not to sound rude for once.
Sherlock swallowed hard. "Know what?"
someone like Sherlock, who was happily gay and neither in nor out of the closet and content with that... that was hard. He's never told anyone this before.
sorry to have to have had to break the news to you in such a way, Dr. Watson, but... It was necessary." She said, her voice sounding strangely sincere and apologetic.
"John... I'm so... I'm so sorry." The detective murmured brokenly. "I should have known, I should have done something, then we wouldn't be here. I should have-"
Without saying another word, he turned away and went right back to the road, hailing a cab, and pulling out his phone to inform John, his heart pounding the whole time.
Sherlock's heart began to pound.
For the moment, the nightmare was over.
"You know I hate when you call me that." Jim said, wrinkling his nose at the nickname.
There was a moment of silence, followed by the sound of Sherlock's voice in the background, then a soft reply from the Ukrainian, which was too low for John to understand. "Sorry, I was rearranging Sherlock. When you get here, you'll have to stay hidden until you feel the time is right. You'll know what I mean. Oh, and bring your gun."
She hesitated.
nothing
The woman smiled and dropped into a graceful curtsey, the Grach in her hand held out to the side. "Effie Taras." She chirped. He was still smiling at him like a bird of prey, and he tried to look away. He felt prickling unease crawl across his skin, and he suppressed a shudder.
Sherlock shivers at the mention of the word 'home'. Home sounds fantastic. Euphoric, almost.
Baker Street became too much after that. He tried for a while, but inevitably had to leave in the end. He packed his things, Mrs. Hudson assuring him that Sherlock's things could stay. It went unspoken that she wouldn't rent 221B out to anyone else.
He suppresses a shudder when the tall one presses his fingers (he would recognize them anywhere) to the wrong place on his throat, and he holds his breath, hoping he'll just leave. The tall one stays there for a moment, then pulls his hands away, and shouts a command in Russian.
Mary screamed, her voice echoing off of the walls. Her eyes became steel, and they seemed to glint in the dim orange lighting. She cocked the weapon, and pointed it directly at Effie's chest. "You won't shoot me, I'm pregnant, but I can shoot you. I'll shoot you both right here and I'll just walk out of here. They'll never find your bodies. Never. I have an alibi. I'll just kill you both and get away with it."
As always, if something is confusing, please let me know! I wrote this at three in the morning, sooooo, it could very easily be jumbled. Just let me know!
John cleared his throat in a desperate attempt to break the awkward silence. "So, um..."
He tells himself.
"Sherlock, you know I can't." He replied. "Not with work, and Mary, and the baby coming soon, I can't." But,
The man sat down in the same chair he had been in the night before and picked up his phone, the blood in his face draining as he read through the messages he had missed.
So, he had savored it, and when Sherlock had sleepily buried his head in John's chest, John hadn't hesitated in wrapping his arms around him, and pressing gentle kisses to his face every now and again, just to hear the sleepy giggle that always followed. It was his new favorite sound.
The doctor smiles at the thought. "Forever sounds perfect."
"That's what friends do."
He rolls his eyes. "Why do you make this so easy? Why is everything so easy with you?"
brilliant."
The doctor got to his feet, clutching the file in his hands tightly as he flipped through it again. But, once he got to the back, he noticed another note written in the same purple ink as before, and upon reading it, he threw the file down and had to leave the room to stop himself from heaving up the contents of his stomach.
The army doctor groaned in pain. "I'm fine, Sherlock, I promise."
Sherlock was still out there.
He thinks back to John at home, kind, protective, loyal John Watson, and smiles fondly. He remembers the sense of pride he felt when he figured out that John had more or less told Mycroft to shove his bribe money up his arse. Their near instantaneous friendship was something that Sherlock looked back on often.
He sat there for a moment, smiling like an idiot and allowing himself to cry, allowing himself to miss John, because he had been right before. It was easier to be by himself now that he misses John, but has something of his to help himself cope. He finds himself suddenly laughing, and he takes a moment to brush at the wetness in his eyes.
John winces internally, but tries not to show it. "Couldn't."
"Obviously I'm
Greg didn't seem to know what to say. He hadn't known that it had been Mary who originally shot Sherlock. It was obviously a lot, but at that point, John didn't care. He wasn't planning on staying with Mary after this, baby or not, so Greg and Mycroft could deal the ex-Mrs. Watson once this was over.
Sherlock's head snapped up. "What is this little gift that you keep talking about?" He knew it wasn't a bomb or an assassin or anything that could hurt John Watson, judging by what she said,
He demanded.
"You can still be a father and not be with her. I mean, it's not the baby's fault."
"I made coffee." Jim said quietly when he pulled away.
He doesn't.
Sherlock studied him carefully. "You miss it." He noted with a hopeful undertone.
"Because you're the only person who's taken the time to take care of me. You were the first person who ever made me question the sociopath label, and that's saying something." He replies, the 'isn't it obvious' look threatening to come out. "John, after knowing me for less than twenty-four hours, you killed the man who threatened my life, saving me, and you never thought twice about it. I fell in love with that when I didn't even think I was
John wanted him to go.
Of course, he had spent countless days envisioning the exact way he would tell John Watson that he loved him, but right then, just as the opportunity came, he had nothing to say.
Dana smiled and lifted her glass of wine to her lips. "He saved my life first." She reminded them. She shared a look with Sebastian Moran across the table, who also knew what it meant when Dana Carlisle had a debt to pay, as he had been in that situation before. The two locked eyes, but only for a moment. There wasn't much to say after that.
He paused, raking a hand through his hair. "I missed you, Sherlock. I really missed you. I hadn't seen you in so long, I had been so caught up in trying to forgive Mary for the baby's sake that I forgot all about the person I loved the most." John's hand was suddenly on top of Sherlock's, lightly squeezing his fingers, although his own were shaking. Sherlock couldn't breathe. "I wasn't lying when I said I loved you earlier. I meant it. I always have, if I'm honest with myself, I've always loved you with everything I had, but there was always something in the way. I was too scared to say it before because I didn't know you felt the same, but then you..." His voice trailed off, but Sherlock knew.
"Answer me, please, Sherlock. Say something so that I know you're okay." John quietly pleaded with him, his voice hesitant with anxiety.
smile before pulling out his cell phone and the gun.
"Why, because people can't their stupid opinions to themselves?" Sherlock demands, almost angrily.
"You'll know when. Just follow my lead."
There was a gruff sigh from Mycroft, which sounded a lot like he was trying not to snap at John. "Does he have his mobile phone?"
"Then, who do you work for, if not Moriarty?" The Ukrainian smirked, as if she were telling him some clever joke. He took her humorous expression in, then pieced everything together. His heart dropped into his stomach, the sick sense of utter betrayal coming over him once again. "You keep saying this is about John, but never specify why, meaning you work for someone close to him, meaning you..." He looked down at his feet, then quickly up to her again. "You work for Mary."
John tried to think. He glanced briefly back at the note on the cover of the folder, rereading the chilling note as he tried to used some of his own deduction skills (that he hoped he had picked up from five years watching Sherlock) to decipher it.
John felt panic seep into his words, but he knew he had to keep going. He had to push himself into soldier mode if he wanted to figure this out.
"So, you love me too, then. You love me as much as I love you."
"Tonight. Your brother says you're quite eager to get home, and I don't blame you. Two years away would really make me homesick too." Emi replies, her bright baby blue eyes sparkling as she takes down his vitals.
"But I
"I will turn you into a throw rug."
"Sir! Are you alright? You're bleeding!" Sally Donovan, who had caught up in one of the cars, shouted in his direction as she ran forward to meet him.
"It's a little after ten twenty now, according to your phone clock, so... I'd guess, probably at Baker St. by now, looking for you. He wouldn't even know where to look, the poor dear, if it weren't for the little gift I left him."
Sherlock leans back against the pillow in near shock. After two years away from home, he expects himself to feel overjoyed. He expects to be near ecstatic at the near thought of going home to Baker Street, being able to sleep in his own bed, being able to listen to Mrs. Hudson prattle on about unimportant things while he tries to work on cases, oh
“Woo—didn’t expect that!” Moriarty, off-camera, clapped his hands. “Not going to do you any good, but still, an impressive display, Johnny. I can see why Sherlock keeps you around.”
"What are you doing here?" Molly said.
"Wrist's sore." He lifted his arm and shook his hand. "You can do all the work next time."
"Yay! I want to be cozy and warm!" Rosie skipped away from Sherlock's reach, climbing into his chair as John squatted down and began to arrange logs and kindling in the fireplace.
"Oh, just shut up and let me suck your cock again, all right?"
John stopped and turned to look at him, questioning.
"No, you saved her."
"Thanks." He rolled over onto his back and stared up at the ceiling for a moment. If Mycroft hadn't shown up to put them under house arrest, he wouldn't have had his toothbrush or his meds, and he and John would probably both be sleeping in Lestrade's old t-shirts. He sighed and forced himself to get up and go into the loo. After he finished cleaning his teeth, he held the pill in his hand, thinking. He could skip it.
Merlin, Sherlock would
John comes, collapsing beside Sherlock in a coma of oxytocin, and feeling like there might be Nargles in his brain and glow worms in his heart.
But then he notices that Sherlock is dressed in the blue shirt John had mentioned liking so much last night, and his confidence resurges.
Sherlock says yes.
* * *
“No detentions this time. It’ll either be helping out John or me calling up your parents to let them know about the damages inflicted on my lab.” Sherlock winces. “But you help out John and I think we can call it even.”
John sighs at the familiar question. “I’m busy, Mum.”
Sherlock jerks his head up to John, who is licking his lips, and glances away just as Sherlock looks at him. He feels frozen. Because it’s coming together. He knows exactly what this is. And his instinct was right. This means
That earlier conversation about Muggle popular culture had been particularly informative. John had learned that when a Muggle tells you he doesn’t know the name of their prime minister, you’re not meant to respond by saying ‘neither do I’.
“Greg, that would be amazing!” John said truthfully. “But could you give me a bit to think about it?” He wasn’t ready to commit to anything just yet. “Brain injury, you know. Don’t want to make any big decisions right now.” John wasn’t severely concussed, but he’d milk this hospital visit for all it was worth.
“No. Emphatically not.”
“What happened when the lights went out? How did you know what to do?” Took Sherlock longer than John thought it would. Truthfully he’d expected the boy to come storming in the moment John was cleared for visitors, demanding answers.
John stood there, thunderstruck by how much there was to Sherlock, underneath the veneer of arrogance and superiority. John had caught a glimpse of something vulnerable, and beautiful, and precious.
Updates may slow down: work is crazy busy for the next few weeks. But at least that means I'm working!! Bill Murray and I are both living that freelance lifestyle.
. John,” chimes Sherlock with a smirk. He ignores the sly expression Molly is definitely directing towards him.
John sent the message without thinking, but immediately wished he hadn’t. Would Sherlock look at that the wrong way? Or, the
“They did!”
He doesn’t finish his sentence, because Bill and Mike join them. Sherlock stands up straight, eyes taking in the pair.
Over the next few days, John slowly improved his typing abilities. Sherlock had a dry, sarcastic wit over text, which he often used to tease John. They texted back and forth for long stretches of time, and particularly often when John was meant to be paying attention to his Healing seminars. The Mediwitch who finally confiscated his phone during his rotation hours had given him and his phone a very peculiar look, handling the device like it was liable to explode.
When can we meet him?”
“Sherlock?” John tried tentatively. It was worth one last shot.
His mum reaches out to smooth down his bangs. “Of course, it is. You look very handsome.”
“One second, mate, I’ll get James for you,” says Pranav. John genuinely likes this bloke, and it’s times like this he remembers why. After a tense minute of silence on John’s part, John hears a scuffle and James’ face lowers itself in front of the screen, a wide smile on his face.
his mind wonders. If it is, anyone could be on the other side: talent scouts, producers, agents. Before the possibilities have fully processed, Sherlock’s group are invited back to face the mirror.
John cracks a smile. “Who do you think?”
“We-“
Is something wrong? SH
“When I flew from London to Miami and that young girl named Annie asked if you loved me you said that you did but then we never talked about it after and there was the tour and it was New Year’s then my parents were around all the time and we were packing and I thought since we were finally alone together and in Oxford that we could talk about it but then I wanted it to be romantic and people kept
John rubs at the spot she punched, looking concernedly down at it. He hopes they’re going to cover bruising in his Healing course soon. Working with Irene, he suspects it’ll come in handy more than once. “That really hurt, you know.”
Sherlock cracks a smile. “It’s not that. But I don't want to think about my brother right now. Although, since you mentioned it, there is a limit for overly cliché first date conversation.”
“Wait until John is recovered,” Mycroft suggested. “He might enjoy coming along. And I’d personally feel better to know that you were accompanied by such a devoted friend.” Mycroft did not do anything so obvious as to look pointedly at Sherlock. He simply tapped his umbrella on the floor beneath them. “You may be interested to hear that I’ve arranged for Child Protection to be informed about John’s father.”
“I will have you know,
Sherlock bursts out laughing, and it’s the loveliest sight John’s ever seen.
by mass fame and international love. He takes John’s hand quickly, ignoring the flinch John makes at the touch.
Sarah was just telling him how she also wanted to be a doctor when John heard a familiar shriek. They raced across the hall and into the theater to see what had happened. The school’s theater wasn’t very grand, but it had at least a hundred seats, a balcony, and plenty of room for hanging lights and scenery.
John grins sideways, and hops up onto the table in Sherlock’s room. “Well…know any Watson?”
Greg tells them Watson’s label will be in touch soon, thanks them for their time, and dismisses them. Sherlock feels brilliant, all the nervousness of before burned away into excitement. He even smiles and chats a bit with another dancer as they gather their things to leave.
John saw Stone and Mrs. Hudson to the lift and then returned with more suggestions. "Give Mycroft copies of the fingerprints and he can see if he can find a match in his databases while you do whatever you want to do with them here. Carefully, away from any food."
"I, erm, didn't want to leave you alone, so I asked Molly to pick up Rosie." He waved his free hand over his shoulder, towards the staircase. "I mean, I knew you'd be okay, but—"
John sighed in frustration and leaned back in his own chair, but kept his voice to a whisper. "Even if...even if we don't tell Mycroft," he said, making sure to emphasise the word "we" so Sherlock would know they were in this together. "He's going to find out about it eventually. He probably has cameras recording us right now."
"You should put it in your pocket and make sure your step counter is on."
"Barely. I met her twice."
John shrugged. "He's had worse ideas. You could try it and see what happens, if you think you can handle three dates at once."
He fished a pocket knife from the pencil holder on the desk, then picked up the package. Stone gave a whine from his position on John's lap and John murmured his name, scratching him behind the ears to soothe him.
Sherlock frowned. "Um, something practical."
"Good lord." Sherlock shook his head and wondered if their flat would be cleaned and ready to occupy again by the end of the day.
"I'll put it in my coat pocket. Or, since we will be in a building surrounded by the Metropolitan Police Service, perhaps they can protect us."
"Please don't be angry with me."
"Where are you going? Don't you want to stay and see what the blood tests show, see if you're right about the alcohol poisoning?"
"You're already doing it." Sherlock stepped back again before John could object to the suggestion of help. "Easier to keep going than to turn around now." From his position two steps below and inches away, he saw John's shoulders slump fractionally and then straighten and rise again, muscles flexing beneath his shirt as he adjusted his crutches and swung himself up to the next step. Sherlock watched him for a moment before following, wishing briefly that they were back home again, so when they got to the top of the stairs he could wrestle John to the floor, or sweep him off his feet, or steady him against the wall while they kissed. He filed the urge away for later, reminding himself why they were there, and that every slow step they took up this staircase was one step closer to catching Moriarty.
"Why? What's wrong with my vest?"
"We should just go to a hotel," John said, when Lestrade and Molly were both gone. "What's Mycroft going to do to us? He can't physically drag us out of a hotel. And he's not our enemy—we're on the same side against Moriarty."
"No, and even the sippy cup of milk has to wait until after the bath. I've bent the rules for you."
He unfolded the pages that were tucked behind the note and saw that they were an article from
She waved a hand. "Don't worry. Your secret's safe with me. Well, unless I need to get revenge on you again." She laughed, but Sherlock could see that she didn't have any ill intent behind her words, which was something of a relief, at least. "So, this must John and Mary's little one?"
"Oh, Sherlock. Sherlock. My dear. You only found the ones I let you find."
Sherlock flinched at the dig; John's only reaction was a flare of his nostrils. He kept his gaze on the phone in his hand, twirling the first finger of his free hand in the air to indicate that Sherlock should keep the conversation going.
"But I don't know who to bring!"
He leaned forward to look over and down at John, to see how he was seated on the steps. "Where are your crutches and braces?"
"What?" Sherlock's eyes flicked sideways towards him, his head still facing forward.
"That doesn't make you any better! You let Moriarty run free for two years. You knew he'd kidnapped people to use as hostages for the little game he was playing with me, and you knew he blew up an entire building full of people when that old woman tried to identify him. And then he kidnapped John and almost killed us both. And yet you still let him go. Why did you treat Eurus so differently? So you could keep her around and use her to predict terrorist attacks and do other jobs your people aren't skilled enough to do themselves?"
"You know I do."
He thought, but didn't say out loud. "Because of the baby." He muttered, almost ashamed of his answer. "If it weren't for the fact that she's pregnant, I wouldn't have."
"I'm partial to the latter." Jim agreed, looking to Sebastian for consideration.
Sherlock laugh, he knew that laugh would be trouble, but he decided it was his favorite sound in the whole world, and all he wanted was to heard it over and over and over again, to put it on repeat like he would his favorite song. He could say that the detective looked like a porcelain God, too beautiful to touch, and too mighty to claim, and every time John was allowed to do so, he briefly felt like he was no longer breathing air. He could say how he would do anything, be anyone for that brilliant, beautiful man, and if he were ever lucky enough to call him his, he would run his hands over his milky white skin so softly, caressing every scar and press a gentle kiss to each, making sure that Sherlock knew he was loved as he was. He could say how he should have listened to his sister after she met Sherlock all of those years ago; 'You better marry that man, Johnny, because you'll never meet another like him.'
Just like he had done yesterday, Sherlock looks at his wretched Muggle phone the whole time. But today he brings his drink into a far corner of the shop instead of leaving straight away. John watches him curiously as Sherlock pulls papers and a small computer out of his satchel, wondering what they are for.
“Could you put these in water for me? Thanks ever so, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock says, gently pushing her out of the door frame then shutting the door in her face. He spins around, cheeks rosy. John bites his lip to try and stifle his smile.
“Sherlock!” John shouts as he smacks him with a pillow.
Harry punches John’s shoulder. “If he didn't run at your personality, then you’ll be fine.”
A peasant joins the prince somewhere along the way, and decides to follow on his adventures. Sherlock wonders whether that might be meant to be him? It makes his smile widen. The pauper to John’s prince. The lyrics are playful, a touch melancholic, and gorgeously visual. A proper fairytale.
He glances at Sherlock’s corner constantly between customers, and is dead chuffed to see Sherlock’s inquisitive eyes watching him over the top of his computer screen more than once, before they quickly glance back down.
John is
Sherlock gasps, stepping back and into John’s touch as his eyes widen, then blinking as though someone had just flashed a very bright light into his eyes. “Where did that building come from?”
John blinks. “I have a Twitter account?” he asks.
John’s mind began to work furiously as he registered the words.
When they finally break apart, Sherlock’s phone chimes. Sherlock reads him a message from Irene, inviting them out to a club.
They’re still talking when the shop closes hours later, their discussions moving between theoretical and personal, from wandlore to John’s favorite subjects in school.
Breathless and in awe, face cradled in Sherlock’s lovely hands, John wonders if he’s about to be kissed. Across the road, a streetlamp spontaneously illuminates.  But then Sherlock grabs one of John’s hands and drags him on a mad dash to the main road, and they pile into a cab that takes them to Brixton.
“I needed more data! I also believe he is being abused, likely by a parent.”
one of the strangest people he’d ever met. But something in him wanted to defend this boy who appeared a stranger to kindness. Perhaps it had something to do with Sherlock's intense gaze, which was currently doing things to John's stomach that were unfamiliar but not entirely uncomfortable.
“Do you fancy sneaking into the cinema?”
“Sherlock! Glad to see you haven’t missed the flight.”
It’s too dark to see properly, so John rolls out of the bed to open the curtains.
“Where do I sign?” he asks.
The opening frames were filmed in black and white. John Watson is centered, at the back wall of a warehouse. He’s wearing a heavy parka, hands in his pockets and eyes hidden by the pulled down hood. The opening chords begin, and John Watson’s breath is visible as he breathes evenly (added in post-production: in reality that warehouse had been miserable and sweltering in the middle of July).
“Uh, no. I prefer working with the young ones.” Sherlock answered truthfully, knowing that if he didn’t speak there was a good chance he’d do something stupid like kiss John. If he was going to let John know how he felt, it would be slowly. (Softly.)
“Disillusionment. It’s a spell that makes you sort of invisible. I picked the most inconspicuous robes in Bill’s closet so we wouldn’t get too much attention, but you’re still the sexiest thing anyone’s ever seen,” John tells Sherlock, lifting his arm in the air and encouraging Sherlock to spin under it. Sherlock laughs as he does so, face pink.
the head organizer and she hounded me for
He hears the thump of a head connecting with a wall, and Irene’s groan.
. They’re certainly not going to talk about it when there are upwards of twenty curious eavesdroppers around them.
“That comment will be directed at me, then?"
John extracts himself from Sherlock with a less-than promising sounding “Umm…”
Something hot and burning rushes down Sherlock’s spine at the movement.
John growls, scooping his hands under Sherlock’s thighs and
“Oh my God, oh my God it’s loading!” Molly shrieks.
Sherlock blinks down at him, eyebrows scrunched together in that way John loves. “What?”
John was just turning into the Shop one afternoon when he heard a commotion just outside the stage doors. Concerned, he went to investigate, only to find Sherlock and Sally Donovan yelling from opposite sides of a cluttered table. The table was covered in a mountain of random modern and Elizabethean items. Must be the props, which John knew Sally to be managing in Stan’s stead. John saw masks, a basket full of fake bread and fruit, goblets, a flashlight, and several fake guns among the disarray. He recognized several knock-off browning pistols, which actors would carry in place of swords.
September 29, 1990
“Babe, do you recognize that bloke? Doesn’t exactly look the rugby sort.”
The second they’re on the plane and out of view of the Holmes entourage, however, John turns to him with a shit-eating grin. “Mummy?” he asks.
“Sure,” James answers. “We’re planning the wedding for the summer. You two should both come.”
“It’s John and Sherlock!” Victor says brightly, and then the image is spinning again as Victor gathers his phone and points it directly at a casually dressed James, who takes the phone and peers closely into it.
“FUCK! FUCK FUCK! SHERLOCK WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW!” Molly physically side-tackles Sherlock into the couch, her eyes still glued to the screen as Sherlock laughs, pure joy emanating through him. This might be the best thing he’s ever felt.
The game proceeded apace, John launching a strong offensive attack against Molly’s clever defense. Mrs. Hudson was making a dashing attempt for Molly’s flag when Greg sneaks up behind and tackles her into a bear-hug, towing her along towards ‘jail.’
And what if Sherlock does find out about magic? John is pretty sure he would get into trouble with the Ministry.
It takes hours as he has to distract a distressed Henry from his mother’s extreme tardiness with hopscotch and football on the tarmac until the blasted woman
Back behind the counter with his apron over his head, Irene doesn’t bother asking for details. She can read anything she needs to from the huge smile John can’t wipe off his face. John glances over to see that Sherlock has returned to his computer work, his face (slightly pinker than usual) serious once again.
He leans his body closer to John’s as they sway, caution having whistled through wind several glasses of wine ago.
, hair mussed and eyes wide. John relaxes slightly from his smug pose. “Hi. I know I should’ve called ahead but I just wanted to-oof!” and then John can’t speak anymore because he’s wrapped in the tightest hug he’s possibly ever received and it feels
Sherlock snuffles awake as morning light falls across his face (there is no other word  than adorable John can imagine that would better describe Sherlock’s soft face, snuggling deeper into his pillow before gradually opening his eyes). He blinks slowly, his eyelashes crusty from tears and sleep.
Eventually, Greg crackled through headset with a gruff, "Spot one, up on Anderson... go." John leaned forward, eager to be working at last. For a few glorious lines of dialogue, John got to do something, even if that something involved staring at Anderson, before-
“Same difference,” muttered Greg.
“How’s your risotto?”
“I’m going to get you for this!” Sherlock screams at her over the noise as he lifts the violin to his shoulder and taps the mic before giving it a quick tune.
“I have no clue what you're waiting for. We’ve been on tour for six weeks and you haven’t made a move.”
“Get what, genius?”
“Music video!” Sherlock shouts, before he’s further incriminated. “He recognizes you from the music video. Anyway, I think it’s about time to say goodbye and get on the plane.” Sherlock takes his cases in one hand and John’s upper arm in the other and drags the man away.
text you. If you’re lucky and I don’t have anything better to do.”
lie to them. You deserve a million times better than that creep who gets to call himself your dad. You deserve love and kindness and
“Well?”
Mike and Sherlock talk about Bart’s and their studies there. (Mike is going to be a Healer like John, but he’s on an experimental Healing track that will integrate wizards into Muggle A&E, so he knows enough about St. Barts. Technically, the buildings occupy the same space, but John spends all day in Mungo’s, while Mike splits his time between the wizarding and non-magical wings.) John is fascinated to hear about some of the medical practices that are standard in the Muggle world.
, remember? How did
Sherlock pulls a small notebook out of his coat pocket and starts to rifle through the pages, scanning hand-written notes and reciting them at a furious pace.
Thank you all for your patience waiting for this chapter! One more to go...
John swallows, glances down at the rich purple of Sherlock’s silk shirt, how it contrasts beautifully with the pale skin at his throat. He watches that throat ripple as Sherlock swallows, then looks back up to his eyes. They’re much closer, now.
.” He tells her pointedly.
With a frustrated growl, Sherlock fits both of his long-fingered hands around John’s head and drags him into a proper kiss. It’s hard and slow and holds so
The last thing John heard before he drifted away was a desperate cry.
Sherlock, apparently having decided that the candle is unimportant, redirects John’s attention to himself and dives in for another kiss. John makes a muffled sound of surprise, then lets himself melt into it, crossing his fingers that they don’t burn Angelo’s to the ground.
“Okay, mommy,” Annie says at full volume, taking her mother’s hand and waving a sunny goodbye to Sherlock and John. They’re both standing there, stunned, when the mother tells them both earnestly, “thank you,” and the pair walk away.
John rolled his eyes at the forced formality. “Fine, you dolt. How are you? I’ve been asking the nurses for days but they haven’t been able to tell me when you were released.”
Instead, a broad hand rested lightly on Sherlock’s upper back. It
“Doing what?”
He’s still thinking about this the next day, sitting cross legged on John’s bed with his computer in his lap, John dozing beside him in the hours between rehearsal and the performance. John must be completely exhausted, between all the travel, the filming, and…possibly a bit less sleep than usual. Sherlock grins at the thought, thinking back to yesterday’s performance. It had been
“I never told anyone. I decided to let you deal with it, so long as it didn’t get worse. Maybe I should have-” Mary choked. “Maybe I should have done something, and maybe I’ll always regret not doing that, a bit, but… I thought you needed me as a friend more than an informant.”
John looks back unsympathetically. “Victor.”
Sherlock knew very little about love but he was beginning to know a lot about John Watson. John wanted to join the army. He shot guns when he wasn’t busy on weekends. He forewent safety precautions in the Shop when nobody was looking. The boy
Sherlock’s gaze is furrowed in concentration, looking between the group of them like he knows something is off but isn’t sure quite what.
This audition is to dance in John Watson’s next music video. John.
Sherlock does not quite understand what’s happening here, but he cautiously decides to go along with it for the moment. “The stains on your textbook are from alcohol, several different varieties, and at least two years old; there are clear signs. If your brother’s
the famous popstar! Shouldn’t he be making the first move?”
that you're some magnificent actor without
“Can he-?” he asks Irene, glancing at her for confirmation. She makes an annoyed grunt noise that John takes to mean, ‘shut up, I’m busy,’ as the opening bars of
“Yes, that’s likely. I
“Didn't you know? The three of us even have a ship name, since the video for
A text from Victor:
More daisies. Fresh chains of them, curling around Sherlock’s wrists and forearms and blooming atop his hair into a riotous crown of curls and petals as flowers open before his eyes.
“Black coffee, two sugars.”
(It’s not.)
” And John is still
“Did you tell someone that he hits you?” Mary clarified flatly, as though it did not shatter John to hear the words.
John puts a polite smile on his face and clutches at his bag nervously. “Hello, sir. I don’t know if you remember meeting me, I’m-”
“Well.” John steps aside to allow Sherlock to join him on the pavement. “I was wondering if you know of a good restaurant near here? I don’t know the neighborhood very well.”
“What are you thinking about?” Sherlock murmurs, leaning his forehead down against John’s, apparently equally content to stay in this embrace a while.
“Good. Ah. How is your pasta?”
“Shush! Or you’ll miss it!” cries Sherlock.
- - -
“Uh, Sarah, you’re on this list too.” John said, as he continued to scan it. “Lady Capulet.”
changes.”
Sherlock hums from his position, head in John’s lap as John strokes through his hair absently. This closeness is a bit unusual for friends, John knows, but it’s never bothered James and Sherlock is so heart-breakingly touch starved that John can’t help himself but to comfort his best friend in whatever ways he can.
The smile slips slightly on Mike’s face.
John hesitates, palms sweating. This is it. Sherlock knows something, and now is the time to come clean. “Tell me.”
“Can I at least get your name? You’re a regular customer but we don’t know a thing about each other.”
Sherlock is still, mercifully asleep when John returns. He tucks himself under Sherlock’s arm and snuggles in next to the boy he needs so much. The boy who deserves
Sherlock moves his lips against John’s, which suddenly come alive, and John is kissing him
Sherlock lets out a giggle. "You didn’t prepare for that question? What did you think he was going to ask?”
“Can I tell you a secret?” Annie whispers to John, loud enough that Sherlock can still hear, and John nods. The girl takes a big breath. “You know how you like boys sometimes? Like,
me, that isn't the point.” John shakes his head fondly. He does everything he can to counter the self-deprecating streak that runs a mile long in his boyfriend. “He always gets so self-satisfied whenever someone flirts with me.”
Sherlock peppers him with questions as they walk, often not stopping talking long enough to hear John’s replies all the way to their conclusion.
Later that night, they’re walking to Molly’s house for a movie and to exchange gifts. Sherlock catches John staring at a window full of fancy, fair-trade chocolates.
John knocks his head playfully against Sherlock’s. “You love it.”
John grimaces. “Yeah, I got a
“I’m sorry, a boy like
“This is a private aeroplane, there are no assigned seats.”
Sherlock sidles up to John as the man begins distributing child-sized arm guards and finger tabs. “Are you sure this is a good idea?” He’s eyeing Jim’s hungry look at the bin full of arrows. John follows his gaze and grins.
find out I was gay.”
is when things got interesting,” Sherlock speaks over John’s words, determined to finish his thoughts. “Because pretty soon I got too old for it to be
John hesitated. “It’s going to sound stupid.”
Maybe it was a sign. That with Sherlock he could be different. It’s silly, and he’s way ahead of himself considering he failed Divination in school, but he still feels a twinge of excitement at the thought. John licks his lips, and wonders how he might persuade Sherlock into giving him a try. No matter what happens, John has a feeling this is going to be exciting.
You cannot tell Irene or Bill about this
2. Wondering what those wigs look like?
“I dunno, Adler. Between Healing tuition, loans, and next month’s rent, I don’t have two galleons to rub together.”
you. When you’re afraid to get hurt, you shut down. And you’re too convincing an actor for your own good. Maybe John wants some kind of signal from
“That’s not why I’m calling.”
“Yeah, we might need to work on your social skills a bit, mate,” John acknowledges with a tip of his head. “But let’s maybe save that for our next free period. Right now I’ve got a few questions on protein structure I was hoping you could help me out on…”
? He’s as good as you’re ever going to get! He’s intelligent and witty and causes so much trouble you could claw his eyes out sometimes and he
“You seriously joined the LGBT club? You’re going to end up their mascot.”
Sherlock hums thoughtfully, not ready to share with John how he thrills to hear those words. “It’s certainly not a dance number. Irene will be disappointed.”
John wheels around to face Irene, hand clutched theatrically at his chest and eyes wide. “Who was
Mycroft nodded curtly. Sherlock drank his coffee and settled in for a long wait, appreciative for once of his brother’s presence at his side.
- drop it into casual conversation
Before he knows it, the teaching round is over, and Sherlock has made it into an elimination round. He and four others are directed to the side of the studio to wait their turn while another five face the mirror and repeat the routine with Greg.
Silence lasts only for the amount of time it takes Sherlock to draw breath.
“Go.”
The man smirks as he nudges the door open with his shoulder. There’s the smallest curl around his (soft, kissable) lips that makes John’s heart thud like maybe he has a chance.
Sherlock scoffs, “When you’re dating me, it is.”
French waiter, you mean.”
,” Irene continued, speaking into the microphone, “that should you not make a move yourself,
“Won’t you be working?”
Mummy takes her cup without a word when Sherlock finally delivers it, taking a seat beside her. They sit in silence, not drinking their tea.
“It’s not just that. John has started to look at me a bit…differently, as well. Like he…wants me? Um. In his bed?”
Sherlock will collapse on the couch dramatically, clad in pajamas and dressing gown. “Oh, joy,” he’ll grumble.
, all well documented in his mind palace, dodging trees and teenagers, set unerringly towards the gravel fire pit at the center of camp.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but John suspected he was pleased. Actors loved to perform, after all.
She looks amused. “Of course, how could I forget, my
“I was at St Bart’s Hospital.”
Irene snorts. John scowls. Victor winks. “What man could resist, faced with a stunning beauty like you?”
Irene saunters into frame, slow and sexy all in black, and pulls John into a dance as he continues to remove layers. He looks like he’s enjoying the dance, but gets distracted, glances over his shoulder.
in the closet. Speaking of which, I have my suspicions about Molly, but that will work out in its own time." Sherlock is following John's rambles with a small smile, and John is reminded of something. "Ugh, James is going to be so smug.”
“A little quieter, please!” John hissed, as his eyes roved around the cafeteria. He continued in a whisper, “I actually would prefer it if the entire school
“Are you two serious, then?” his dad asks next.
John is tense. “Yes,” he admits, looking between Sherlock’s serious grey eyes.
- - -
Mercutio - Sherlock Holmes
“Oh, they’re um. They’re okay.” John’s voice is strangled, and he knows it.
- - -
“I can’t just leave! This is my
Alas, Greg will not be swayed. “You
“I think your admirer is getting jealous,” Sherlock murmurs, tilting his head in the young girl’s direction. John flicks his eyes to Mary and then back to Sherlock, lips curling at the corners.
“Hello, Mum.” John gives her a one armed hug, shooting Harry an accusing look over his mother’s shoulder. “I didn’t know you’d be here.” It’s not that it isn’t good to see her. It just would have been easier to have a conversation with Harry without her there.
“It’s not that simple.”
He just has to turn on the Watson Charm, that’s all. It’s never failed him before.
“C’mon,” John cajoles teasingly. “Walking is boring. If you really don’t want to try the floo today, then what do you think of apparition?”
John grins and flexes the black fingerless gloves he’d transfigured for himself out of an old pair of socks. “It’s what Judd Nelson wore in
It seems like an impossible match: Sherlock doesn’t date and John doesn’t do serious relationships. Not easily, in any case.
“But Watson. Do me a favor and don’t treat him like the rest of your ‘dates.’”
The look John gives him says
“Pearce has a pocket knife. The other one’s unarmed.” Sherlock checks his watch, then curses under his breath. “This is happening too fast! There’s a pair of constables about to come around the corner on afternoon rounds. If we could just cause enough of a scene to delay the deal...” Before John has a chance to say anything, Sherlock steps out from behind the skip where they’d been crouched and starts shouting at the thief, Adam Pearce.
“As if you aren’t! It’s not just Molly, is it?
“Afraid, I expect,” Mary said. She’d always had an uncanny ability to read emotions in those around her, but John scoffed at this idea.
. Victor, nice to have you with us again. You can take a seat in the audience until we start on
The two of them bounce and bob and giggle and generally make Sherlock feel grateful that Mycroft is out for the night. By the time they’ve finished “Like a Virgin” (Sherlock had not, had
“You gave the anonymous tip?” John asks when he looks up from the screen.
. He doesn’t know how much of this he can take, so he just wraps Sherlock up in a tight hug, tucking arms around his waist while Sherlock wraps his own around John’s shoulders. Maybe it’s risky, being this close while they’re out in public, but neither of them cares.
“I’m a famous musician, I’m entitled to some drama.”
“About?”
need?”
“He tripped on the walkway at home and hit his head. He’s going to be fine.”
Irene has a date, so she leaves John to close the shop on his own. He doesn’t mind: he has company.
him?”
. John huffs a breath but says nothing as Irene finishes her impromptu makeover by draping a maroon apron over his head. It’s even got his name already etched on a little gold plaque.
a bit better. I can tell you do, from the way you were looking at him.”
What the hell is a
Specifically, he has Sherlock, who’s seated himself on the countertop and is playing music from his computer. He can’t seem to settle on one song for long, changing every minute or so. From David Bowie to Vivaldi to Beyonce. Under Sherlock’s careful supervision, John has received a thorough education in the history of Muggle music these last few weeks.
“Oh.”
“John, it’s--”
that John must remember to tease him about later.
Sherlock bites down a smile as he glances at his dad and then back to the screen. He may be a man of few words, but his dad is much more perceptive than most people gave him credit for.
Down to just his loose white tee and black jeans, John steps back into the center of the shot, as Irene and Sherlock frame him on either side a few feet behind him.
,” Sherlock says. John’s jaw snaps shut. Sherlock leans in and presses his lips to John’s, a single chaste point of contact between their bodies. “
Blinking a few times, John gives a nod and reaches out a hand to shake Molly’s. “That’s a deal.” Looking between her and Sherlock, John asks “What happened to the quiet fangirl I met in September?”
It began like a bedtime story. Sherlock spun an enchanting tale of a fairy making dreams for lovers, lawyers, and ladies. John was completely entranced as he literally followed Sherlock’s dance across the stage. Sherlock illustrated the words and twisted them around him in the air. The prose rolled off his tongue and rumbled through John's chest, making him shiver. But as the tone of the speech changed Sherlock stilled, his fancies turning darker as Queen Mab's did the same. His words built, coming faster and more energetically - and okay apparently it was back to the sex again, Jesus Christ, Mrs. Hudson there are going to be kids watching - and Sherlock continued to build up momentum before-
“What are you doing– are you
“Oi!” John calls, concerned. “You alright, love?”
. And don’t fret, I’ll save you all the best news in the village for next time.”
“Harry’s busy. She’s a Ministry lawyer.”
Sherlock draws an unsteady breath, and tries to pull away from John’s arms. John holds him tighter, which sets off another round of crying. John holds him steadily, strokes his back, until Sherlock is ready to answer.
“Exactly.”
Irene snorts. “That’s a yes.”
“Yeah, 'course. You tell Molly everything.”
John checked the script he had perched on a music stand to see that Sherlock was right. They’d been exchanging messages between cues and several pages of dialogue had passed without him noticing. It appeared Sherlock Holmes was the solution to tech-induced boredom.
Tomorrow? SH
He spent the next hour and a half of tech sitting on his chair with nothing to do, texting Sherlock intermittently. It was the only thing making the inaction bearable. John even started an experiment of his own. He tested exactly how far his wireless headset would function before it stopped receiving messages from Greg and started picking up random radio stations. He got most of the way out of the school at one point before Greg noticed and told him to stop messing around.
, I wanted it just as much as he did.” Sherlock shifts, looking like he really doesn't want to be having this conversation. John doesn't blame him.
They have laughed and bickered and snogged and talked and bantered and held hands as they chased criminals down dark alleys.
John grins, taking a pinch of floo powder from a cup on the mantel. “Travel by fire.” He tosses the powder into the fireplace and the embers rage up into tall green flames.
“Was that lit, before?” Sherlock asks suddenly, brow furrowed, as he gazes down at the candle’s flame flickering between them. The one that had definitely been unlit when they’d sat down. Discretely, John glances around the restaurant. Every candle in the restaurant is now flickering merrily, and there are several diners looking around in confusion.
“Is this going to be like that time you dared me to have a triple shot of tequila?”
