Dean and Castiel sat in the opposing loveseats, at a telling distance from one another.
“Of course you are.” Crowley hissed, flashing yellow slotted eyes with menace. Castiel flushed, finally noticing Crowley’s nakedness and from that point made a deliberate attempt to focus on Aziraphale.
“You're used to being able to go when the going gets tough.”
.” His forked tongue flicked out.
“It was Cas’ idea. Said I should meet some of his friends.” Dean said though the way he phrased it made it seem like the concept was completely foreign to him. Crowley didn't know if that was a dig at Castiel’s ability to make friends or about their own odd relationship. “So, uh, how do you two know each other?”
Crowley hissed full out. First, he can’t use his, he shuddered, god-given name and now he had to pretend to be a little human.
“Yes! Dean and I are a couple now.” Castiel smiled. “I left him downstairs, but I wanted-”
“Finally!” With the sweet sound of the shop doors slamming shut, Crowley relaxed into the couch and flung his sunglasses off somewhere in the shop.
“He doesn't know what he is talking about.”
“First, how about some refreshments?” Aziraphale snapped his fingers and suddenly four piping hot cups of cocoa were before them, complete with whip and chocolate shavings.
“Fine fine.” Crowly laughed, taking a sudden turn onto the A501,  “But in all honesty, it sounds like your past relationships were short and you could pick up and go whenever needed.”
“How?”
“Signed and dated, so please be gentle with it.” Dean flipped through the pages anyway with less care than Aziraphale desired. Though if his angel’s desires were being heard the book would have miracle itself back on the shelf and Dean’s hands would have been temporarily glued to his side. The American seemed oblivious, or simply ignored, the growing annoyance of the bookshop owner, content to keep flipping through pages.
“Don’t worry Cas. I’ll play
Dean just kept kissing him across every inch of his face. On his brows, cheeks, eyes, lips, and in between he managed to say, “Everything is okay, Cas. I am sorry for what I said before.”  They were going to be okay. Crowley could see that clear as day. There was no way a man like Dean, with that look on his face, was going to let Castiel slip through his fingers. At least not without fighting like hell.
“Hello there, I am Aziraphale and this is Anthony. We are ple-”
“Dean is here? Oh, wonderful we can finally meet this strapping young man.” Aziraphale beamed like this was some preplanned family holiday in Bermuda and not a celestial home invasion.
Crowley lowered the volume and gave the dashboard a pat, trying to calm his baby, “What can I say? Long Live the Queen is kind of a British thing.” He slammed on the gas and pulled out onto the streets of London. The pair raced through the city at a calm 65mph, of course narrowly avoiding any pedestrians or other cars. Dean didn't even seem bothered by the speed, in fact, he sank into the seat and smiled in a way Crowley hadn’t seen him do yet. “So tell me, kid, why has your feathery friend appeared on my doorstep asking for relationship advice twice now.”
Crowley clapped his hands quickly though, as the kissing started to border on the inappropriate, “Alright you two. I believe there’s an opening for two at the Ritz tonight.” He winked at Aziraphale, who made an effort to snap for the effect.
“Oh trust me we’ve had some epic fights, years of being bitter toward each other.”
“And the one after that?”
“Years? You’re what? Late 40s? How long have you known each other?”
This was very quickly followed by a trench coat angel, “DEAN NO!”
Crowley noticed the edge in Castiel’s voice, “What kind of help do you need exactly?”
“I was hoping for your help... again.” They were going to have to start charging if this kept up. Not that celestial beings needed money, but it’s the principle of the matter.
With the slam of the front door, the two angels were alone.
“Good morning, my dear.” A large warm hand caressed Crowley’s head, making his gasp slightly in surprise. Then slowly with firm pressure, Aziraphale ran his hand through Crowley’s hair. Those large fingers pressed into every pressure point along his scalp. It was divine, melting into a puddle of bliss.
Aziraphale placed his cup down. “That was a very nice thing you did.”
“I am sure my partner can handle it. He is quite the wily old snake. Come, I do hope you’re liking the hot cocoa.”
“This is your car?” Dean was stunned, taking in the glorious black Bentley. It gleamed in the midday sun. The beautiful mica paint job made him think of millions of inky galaxies entrapped within the body of the car.
“Cro-Anthony!” Aziraphale gestured with his glass, he had a ruddy flush on his cheeks. Looking like a Rococo angel in plump decadence. Crowley licked his lips in anticipation for when he could slip the angel back to their bed.
“I think there’s more bothering you than that” He announced with complete confidence. Aziraphale gave him a calculated look.
“Well... it took a while...” Crowley rolled his answer in his mouth, trying to find the right words to form the sentence Dean needed to hear, “Anyone could have told you that at first, I didn’t want to love him. I wanted nothing to do with him and he even made my career life harder when he was around but... I don’t know. One day I looked up, saw this look on his face,” it was that small reserved smile Crowley loved, he was first gifted with its existence in Rome, “and my only thought was, I had to keep him.”
“Not you for!” Crowley laughed, pulling his own angel close “For us. Now go. Loiter a disco-tech or something.”
“What about it? It doesn't matter yet.”
Dean however was riled up and his tone was only getting tenser, “We’re still figuring this thing between us out. We just need space. We’re taking things slow.”
“Of course. I do hope everything is okay.” Aziraphale instantly went into a fretting mode. Crowley merely sighed then sat back on the bed, crossing his legs trying to give off an air of being above it all. “Did everything go okay last time?”
Dean sat there for a moment, glaring out the window like the whole city of London was offensive to him. “What about when I age. He’ll stay the same.”
Blinding afternoon light streamed through the domed skylight in the roof of the secret upstairs bedroom of the A. Z. Fell and Co. bookstore, disturbing the currently slumbering mass that was Crowley. With a disgruntled sound, Crowley burrowed deeper into the massive pile of pillows and blankets. It took about eight to keep the old snake warm. Well, eight duvets and one heavenly plump and toasty angel was preferred. However, he was short one angel and that was a fair reason for him to be grumpy.
“Come on, Big Guy,” Crowley strolled over and landed a solid hand on Dean’s shoulder, steering him towards the door, “We’re gonna go for a joy ride.” Dean looked surprised at the demand but came nonetheless.
“I don’t know if that’s our kind of scene man,” Dean said, one hand tucked around Castiel’s waist, his free hand gesturing to his dirty jeans.
"Benny," Castiel chastised his friend before turning to Dean, who was trying to stand. "Dean, lay down. Benny won't harm you."
He could stay with Cas. Have a home. Dean bit his lower lip, God, he had to think. Would it work? Could he give up life in motels...the danger that gave him a high?
Nodding, Castiel kept his coat and gloves on. "Of course. We should go."
"No...hot." Dean chuckled and Castiel found himself on his back, his robe protecting him from the ground.
"Dean," Sam screeched through the phone, causing Dean to wince and hold the receiver away from his ear. "Start at the beginning and tell me everything this time."
"It's ten...we need to get a move on," Sam's voice came from around the edge of the door. Castiel got out of bed just in time to see Pierce race out the door.
"Yeah, thought I'd get an early start." Dean felt the tension in the air. Even the cat was staring back and forth between them.
Dean shoved his hands in his coat pockets and strode ahead of him. Castiel didn't want Dean to be mad at him, not before he left for good. He sighed, exhaled sharply, and said, "Ruby is a gypsy. Her and her family moved here a couple of years ago."
Cas looked off into the distance, and Dean could tell he was upset. Dean moved his feet and Cas' eyes met his. "Whatever killed those people, it wasn't a supernatural being, Dean. I would have felt it. I would know if something like that was in the area."
"Bummer. Okay, so we have the fall in love and live happily ever after part. That will have to do."
"I need to see you, Dean," he whispered.
"It is time," Castiel stated somberly. Benny existed on the blood of the cattle at the surrounding ranches, but without human blood, he became weak. Others in the town offer themselves to Benny a few times a year and he reluctantly feeds. He hasn't drank from Castiel since their shared night. Witch blood is powerful, but because of their history, Benny would not discuss drinking from Castiel.
"My magick hides us from those seeking the town. Lafitte doesn't appear on maps, but we have to leave it open for mail, supplies, and family that visits. The hunters, if they know where to look, can enter..." Grumbling rose in volume. Castiel talked louder. "...but I will know when they are close. Missouri will sense them, as well."
"Dean, no," Castiel screamed as the gun bucked in Dean's hand. Castiel shoved Benny. The bullet streaked across the outside of the vampire's bicep. Castiel moved to shield Benny. "Dean, it's okay."
When Bobby saw the moisture in the corner of Dean's eyes, he schooled his expression, and his voice became grumpy. "Look at us talking like we have vaginas..."
"Safe travels...safe passage."
Dean gravitated towards him and surprising Castiel, he wrapped his arms around him, melting into him. Castiel brought his arms up, holding on to the moment. Over Dean's shoulder, Castiel saw Sam and Bobby exchange a look. He felt Dean's breath against his neck and a light brush of his lips before he straightened and stepped back. Castiel's arms felt so empty.
Dean's smile was more of a grimace. He gathered his flannel pants and towel and waited for Cas to move, so he could pull the curtain. Dean yanked on the curtain a bitter harder than he should have, causing the metal rings to screech across the bar. Only then did he strip down. He looked at his body in the dim light from the candles. No one had ever complained about his body, but he hadn't been standing next to Cas either. Yo, Dude, you want me or the guy with the smokin' hot bod? I'll take smokin' hot bod for two hundred, Alex.
At the westernmost candle, he continued his chant. "Lovely One, guide my emotions, let them be healing and touched always by you."
"Where did you leave your car, miss?"
Dean straightened his shoulders. What was Bobby proposing? "You want me to help you? How? What could I do?"
"Uh huh, and who is Brighid?" Dean asked disbelievingly.
"My friends barter my balms, soaps, and tinctures for the supplies I need."
Sure, he wanted this, but how did he ask for it. Seeing the intense pleasure Cas got from being fucked...and well, it was his wedding day. Since humor was the way he dealt with tense situations, he gazed down at Cas and said, "Since I'm the bride..." Cas sat up and pulled him into his arms. Then he ran his hand over Dean's face.
His aunts responded with, "So mote it be."
Now that it was just the two of them, Castiel pinched the bridge of his nose. "Dean, I know you have no reason to trust me, but I need you to listen to me."
Nimue came over to join them. "Am I interrupting?"
Castiel strode up to the bar and glared at Gabriel. "Vodka, straight."
"I saw this..." Dean stopped. Castiel watched in fascination as Dean lined up their cocks so that the tips were touching. Then he carefully pulled Castiel's forseskin over the head of both their cocks, fully enclosing them. "Have you ever..." Dean whispered.
"I can feel one with nature when I'm skyclad."
"Wouldn't a phone work just as good?" Dean's voice came from behind him, and he smiled when he saw Dean peering over the edge of the loft.
"Yet," Benny said, his eyes sweeping over the clearing. Castiel didn't bother answering. There is nothing to say. He was shocked when Benny turned to him. "You're my friend, Castiel...a good friend. I want you to be happy."
Dean allowed for the hand up and hated that his legs felt so weak. Cas took his hands and told him to concentrate on his brother. It was pretty easy to do, since he'd been focused on Sam for most of his life.
He dreamed. His mother, always so beautiful, holding him and singing that old Beatles tune. Sam as a baby, as a boy, graduating from high school. His father, stern and unloving since losing his wife. Lisa, the woman Dean had tried so hard to love. The Impala, his most loved possession.
"So, this bath. It'll help me get warm?"
Dean’s mouth had fallen open while Castiel spoke.
Mab began unwrapping the ribbon without untying the knot. Dean watched in amused disbelief. She pressed the knotted ribbon into Dean's hands. Castiel knew by doing so, she was giving Dean a great honor. "Please turn and face your family...your friends." To those gathered, her voice rose to be heard by everyone. "They are bound."
Castiel watched Dean slip under the quilts, and he looked up at Castiel solemnly before lifting the bedding in a silent invitation. Castiel crawled in and laid stiffly on his back. Dean curled onto his side facing away from Castiel. He could feel the body heat the other man was producing. Before he could think about the ramifications of sleeping with Dean, he was asleep.
Cas responded, "I will."
"What kind of case?" John asked, his eyes narrowing.
"Castiel...Dean, look at each other." Dean met Cas' eyes and all the love he felt for the man poured out. "Take your mate's hand." Cas used his right hand to take Dean's left. "Castiel, will you share Dean's pain and seek to alleviate it?"
The doctor strode purposefully down the corridor. At the end, he pushed a door open. Their father looked so pale against the white bedding. Tubes pumped fluids into his arm. A monitor beeped steadily, and Dean looked away from the man lying in the bed to focus on the flashing numbers. BPM...what did that mean...beats per minute. Dean figured that out on his own. What was normal? He watched that number fluctuate. "I'll leave you alone. If you need anything, the nurses' station is right outside."
"I don't fuckin' know," Dean snarled. Anger radiated off him now. He turned and the door slammed behind him. He glanced at Benny. The wound was already healing, but the vampire looked distraught.
Benny had the good sense to step back. Dean, however, was a bit more stubborn. "Cas...I get that you want to 'protect' me..." Castiel straightened to his full six feet at the air quotes, and he caught Benny's wince out of the corner of his eye. "...but I can take care of myself. You need to stay with Benny and..." Dean finally noticed the crackles of electricity surrounding them, and he looked down at the hair standing up on his arms. "Uhm...Cas..."
Dean sat down on the edge of the tub and watched the water flowing from the spout for a few seconds, and Castiel's heart seemed to crack. But then Dean looked up and captured his eyes. "Cas, we are both men...I figured out we can't have kids a long time ago."
An hour later, Dean was at the bar drinking something called mead. It wasn't bad...not as good as a cold draft beer, but not bad. The food was a never ending buffet. Witches sure knew how to throw a party. He'd even danced with Mab. She called him a clumsy oaf because he stepped on her feet as she tried to teach him to waltz, but she smiled when she said it. He'd take it as a win.
Pulling on a pair of jeans, Dean went to the window. He heard a thwacking sound. "Firewood," Dean mumbled. He went to the kitchen and saw the old fashioned coffee pot on the stove. He poured himself a mug of the strong brew and took his first sip. "Ah, nothing beats a good cup of coffee," Dean told the cat, who blinked up at him from the floor. She looked at her empty bowl and then back up at Dean. It didn't take much to read her mind. Dean opened up a can of tuna and emptied it into her bowl. She mewled and then dug in.
"What does writing bad checks have to do with sex?" Dean laughed.
Dean wasn't normally slow on the uptake, but this particular...major...thought occurred to him about halfway to town. If Cas' aunts were old enough to be great aunts...they were old. However...and that was a big however, they looked to be in their twenties. Did that mean Cas wouldn't age? He looked damn good for thirty-five...if that was his real age.
"Try it, asshole," Dean said with steel in his voice.
"Pierce likes him only because he brings her tuna." Heavy footsteps crossed the wooden porch, There was one knock before Benny opened the door. Right away, Pierce rubbed around his ankles. He laughed, and picked her up. Castiel's eyes watched Dean. He was holding himself stiffly, fists clenched tight. Distrust radiated off of him.
Dean cracked his neck a couple of times and sat up straight. "Shouldn't you tie a rope to yourself or something. It's really coming down out there."
"I figured as much. Your power is stronger then." She waited until he removed his coat before handing him his tea. He sat and took a sip. "Are you going to tell me about him?"
"Good morning, Dean."
"Yes, they are at Gabe's getting ready for your nuptials."
"Your cat seems to like him."
"I can walk you to your car," Dean offered.
Cas held up his hands. "They will not know I'm a witch. Dean's father would not hurt him, but this Gordon...I'm not sure. I won't leave Dean."
Outside, with the sun shining, Cas' cabin looked like something out of a Disney movie. Dean picked up his guns and stuffed them into his pack before buckling it closed. Handing Dean his staff, Cas set out down the road the vampire had driven down the previous day. Thinking about the bloodsucker brought a sick feeling to Dean's stomach. "How far is the town?"
"Heard tell of a town where witches, vamps, werewolves...and others gathered to live in peace. No one knows where it is though. Spells keep it hidden from hunters."
"And it wouldn't explain what Sam is doing here." Bobby added.
Castiel narrowed his eyes. "Mine is pure."
"Great...so what do I do with it?" Dean asked, still eyeing the very dead mouse.
"Garth, get your pack together and start passing the word," Benny said. He looked at the remaining men. "I'll disappear. I've got my satellite phone. Gabriel can get in touch with me..." The rest of his sentence didn't need to be put into words. If something were to go wrong, people would die, whether it be the hunters or their friends.
"Keep him warm, Pierce," Castiel told the cat before standing. He must sleep. He'd used more magick than usual that day, and he felt drained. He quickly cleaned up the remnants from their dinner, and then opened the chest at the end of the bed. He pulled out another quilt and made himself a pallet on the floor.
"Huh?" Dean tensed and looked around expecting to see his father or Gordon. Cas didn't answer his question but instead walked around the side of the building, Dean hot on his heels.
Castiel met his eyes and gave him an amused look. "Benny sells it online for me. It keeps me in supplies."
Castiel stayed behind. He roamed the store, touching things. He saw the shelf where Benny kept his products, the balms, tinctures, and other items he made for his friends and the people of the town. Finally, he sat down to wait. From the small window at the front door, Castiel watched Dean exit Gabriel's bar and walk across the road to the payphone. Whoever he called didn't talk long, and Cas held onto his amulet as the sleek, black car drove out of town.
"Can we just forget about this and start over? I'll play nicer with your aunts, and you'll tell me stuff I really need to know, okay?"
"I know. He would give his life for you, he proved that yesterday."
"Personal space, Cas."
"Olive oil, coconut oil, aloe vera, water from a deep spring, a hint of vitamin E, and ylang ylang essential oil."
"What's all the racket out here. You interrupted my beauty rest," Gabriel called down from the window atop the bar.
Dean read the paragraph again and then a third time. He felt shame at the harsh words he'd said to Cas. He closed the book and leaned back. Cas' head was still bent over sprigs of herbs and bottles of what looked like oils. "Cas?"
Downstairs, Pierce rubbed against his legs. "Alright, give me a second."
"Dean?" Dean shook himself out of his dark thoughts and pasted on a grin.
"Son of a bitch." The shout startled both of them. Castiel turned wide eyes to Dean. He was standing in the door to the store. Gun drawn and aimed.
"Our dad has been brought in. John Winchester," Sam said to the clerk. She seemed startled by their appearance, but she calmly looked at her monitor.
The fireplace needed more wood, and he walked across the floor. Pierce blinked at him from the hearth. Dean was awake and staring into the embers. Neither spoke. Castiel stoked the fire, lit the candles and then prepared a light meal of cheese, bread, and sliced meat. He sat the plate on the edge of the bed and moved away. Without eating, he began to climb the ladder. "What's up there?"
"We don't have one. The sheriff runs it out of the store." Dean lifted an eyebrow.
"You keep saying they...like was it a whole coven?"
Angry words from Arif's table made Dean bite his lip nervously. "If they're looking for you, go. Leave us. You're bringing hunters here, and we're all in danger. Missouri saw it and if the hunter doesn't leave, it will come to pass."
Thoroughly disgusted with himself, Dean pushed back from the mirror and paced the room. He stopped long enough to grab the beer he’d bought earlier and downed one in three large gulps.
"Yes, I really love him." She smiled. "Hey, what did your sister see...or feel...when she touched me?"
Glossary Notes:  Skyclad means you are nude when doing rituals.
Castiel pursed his lips.
This chapter is a bit long, but I think you will like the end of it.
He didn't answer and Dean caught the twitch of his lips before he turned back to his shelf of jars. "Echinacea, Goldenseal, and Marshmallow root are to keep you from getting sick. They have been used for centuries by the Druids and, even, Native Americans. If you were to go into a drug store, you could find all of these ingredients bottled as supplements."
Dean sat on the bed and pulled Cas down beside him. He went over Bobby's plan. "So, I'll still have to travel some; and maybe, you could come with me."
"Look...I gotta split..." Dean's gaze lingered on Castiel until Benny cleared his throat, pulling both of them out of a trance.
"Dean...look at me." Castiel needed to see Dean come undone. He needed it like he needed air to breathe. Dean looked up and met his eyes. The way Dean said his name...reverently. It was Castiel's undoing.
On the porch, Cas turned before opening the door. "Could you please leave your weapons here?" Dean wasn't happy about it, but he did respect Cas' home. He pulled out the gun from his waistband and unsheathed the knife from his boot. Laying them carefully by the door, Dean let Cas enter the cabin first, and he followed. The cat mewled and ran across the floor to greet Cas. He bent down to pick her up. "Want to go hunt, Little One?"
When the town's residents left, it was close to three in the morning. The toll of the day weighed heavy on Castiel, and he needed to draw comfort from the elements. "Dean," Dean was talking to Sam in hushed tones when Castiel interrupted. "I need to go home."
"I don't want to stop, Dean," Cas whispered huskily, and Dean was lost.
Cas turned off the ignition and waited for Dean to climb off the snowmobile, but Dean stayed where he was. "Cas?"
After Sam handed off the keys, Benny turned to Cas, "You going to be okay here?"
"Asshole," Dean muttered, shoving Cas backwards.
"Let's make this good," Dean said. He stood, as well, and headed outside. Sam, Bobby, and Cas followed. Gabriel hung back. He'd observe until he was needed.
"No need." The other man's words stopped him, and he glanced back. "Sheriff'll be in here...right about...now."
"And so the binding is made." Dean stared at the ribbon binding Cas' hand with his and at that exact moment in time, he realized he could never love anyone else, would never want anyone else. Standing in the middle of this clearing, surrounded by humans and supernatural beings, he felt at home.
"Sam...is he...do you think..." The guilt was gnawing at his insides.
“Who are you?”
"Got it," Cas answered with a small smile.
"Another, Dean." Cas' voice cracked. Dean added one more finger and damn, if it wasn't hot seeing Cas' hole stretched wide...slick...just waiting for Dean's cock. The way the muscle sucked them in, the drag of those soft walls...had Dean's heart beating overtime. "Dean, I'm ready." Cas' words startled Dean out of the trance he'd found himself in.
"Cas, what..." Dean gasped for breath.
"Dean, talk to me. What's going on with you?"
"Where are they?" Benny asking, standing.
Bobby looked into Dean's eyes and saw the weight of the world there. This boy...well, a man now...was the closest thing he had to a son. John Winchester didn't deserve Sam and Dean. He was just a sperm donor who got saddled with two kids after losing his wife, or at least that's how he acted. Bobby was the one that taught them how to throw a baseball, to cook a basic meal, to enjoy a good book.
For the first time since he came down the ladder, Cas looked directly at him. Dean was floored by the brilliant blue of his eyes. "You are very welcome, Dean. I need something in return for helping you."
T-shirt hacked to pieces and the tattooed pink heather peeking up around his collarbones, and says, “You wearin’— all that, an’ me a bisexual, shackin’ up with an angel.”
that. Jesus, Cas, what planet do you fucking live on?”
Cas nods. “You said. You said all you— all you wanted was me.” Cas reaches up, thumbs across Dean’s hairline, his temple, palm warm against his cheekbone. “I remember your exact words. You couldn’t know this, but in the Empty, the only thing you can see is— it’s just a void. It’s nothing. And into nothing,
“What?” Cas steps in front of him, catches his gaze. “Dean, no, of course not, I—” He tilts his head, and crap, yeah, Dean knew he’d figure it out, but Cas asks, “Is that why you’ve been—?”
The thing is: Cas is a good guy. Dean’ll go to bat for him anytime, anywhere. He’d give him the shirt off his back — has done, more than once. Cas is the closest thing Dean’s got to family outside of Sam.
“I don’t—” Dean sighs. “Don’t worry about it.”
“Dean,” Cas says from across the room, rifling through the dresser for a shirt. “Are you all right?”
“You can say that again,” Dean snorts, and Mary suddenly remembers that he raised her son. He raised Sam. And, in many ways, he raised himself.
anything to do with Cas, and I’m not— fine, all right, I’ll come back today, s’that what you want? Jesus,” he mutters, “does it have anything to do with Cas, my ass.”
. Dean’s not touching the rest of it with a ten foot pole, but that— handsome, Cas thinks he’s, or maybe it’s— Cas is just being nice. Dean thinks he probably looks disgusting, slumped over in his chair with a beer gut growing by the millisecond.
and liberation.
“Why?” Dean cranes his head up to look at his brother. “What could there possibly be in this— this whole shitshow, why the hell would you want to know anything about it?”
“Hey,” Dean murmurs, tugging at his sleeve. “Just look at me. One more time. Just look at me.”
The three of them stand there. Waiting, like Cas asked.
Cas is breathing hard, chest heaving under his too-tight T-shirt,
“Normally? Depends on the insurance coverage.”
Dean catches Cas’s eye as he hands the wallet over. And then he bursts into laughter. “Fuck,” he snorts, putting his head back against the seat. “So much for the goddamn closet, huh.”
the hangover. Jesus Christ, Dean. “Why are you being like this?”
Once he gets feeling back into his toes, Dean speeds over to the kitchen, and—
. No trenchcoat hanging off the doorknob and dragging along the floor. No phone charger trailing under the side table. No book face-down on the desk. Just— just— and the dresser is closed up tight because Cas’s
So: me and Cas. What do I want? I want him to stay. I want him to take me for granted, the way Sam does. I mean, I want him to think, Dean wants me around, so I’ll show up anytime, I’ll sit in his room for three days straight and make him buy me dinner at the county fair.
“Wow, okay, drama queen—”
“And I promise I won’t tell anybody ‘bout you neither, if you ain’t ready.” Bobby takes her by the shoulders and looks her in the eyes. He says, “Now, if you want me to, I will. I’ll stand up for you. But it could— I want you to know that might be hard. Half my identification papers are false, y’understand? I know you been studyin’ for your SATs. Might be easier for you to strike out on your own than for me to try’n get you out from under your dad’s thumb.”
“I got a tattoo.” Dean whips his head around so fast, and there Sam is, standing in the doorway, a six and a half foot tall puppy. He doesn’t see a tattoo. “Wanna see?”
“Hello, Dean,” Cas says, and Dean smiles.
“I just—” Dean blows out a breath. Through his hands, he says, “Fuck, I don’t know, Sammy, I just— he was dead, all right? Cas was—” and his voice cracks, God, like he’s a goddamn teenager, “—gone, and I just. And he was back. Sam, you can’t— when I saw him, I just— how could I not? If I were him, I wouldn’t— I mean, he’s in
, Dean. It sounds like you want Cas to stay.”
“Forget it. I shouldn’t’ve—” piece of shit, he’s a piece of shit, he had it so fucking good, “that was, s’just what I thought back then, not— Cas—” and he might, if he’s capable of it then it really is Cas, it’s gotta be, “you know I love you—”
“Thought you wanted something different.”
Dean shoves his feet in Sam’s lap in retaliation. Sam puts his hand on Dean’s shin and Dean thinks,
Great.
Sam says, “You got a second chance here,” and Dean knows it. He knows it ‘cause he blew it. He remembers that time— that first time, when Sam had crumpled over in Cold Oak with his spine cut in half and Dean had thought,
“Ask you to wait,” Dean says hoarsely. “Ask you to wait for me to have that piece. After all these years— when I shoulda figured it out from the start.”
,” Dean snarls, and Sam stands up and walks away. By like, six feet, so it’s not exactly privacy, but it’s not like Dean gives a shit anyway, since he can barely control what comes out of his mouth. “What,” he hisses, looking at how fucking angry Cas is, Christ, he almost died, “should I say I love you too? Would that make a difference?”
Cas stills. Dean watches his hand flex. Cas says, “You— you’ve never said.”
“I need— I need something, I need—” Dean doesn’t even know what he wants, isn’t sure he’ll make it if Cas touches his dick but he needs sensation to take the edge off, not sure if he’s feeling pleasure or pain with the fullness in his ass. He knows he’s drooling but he can barely move his arms, has no idea what Cas sees when he looks at him, because he just feels sweaty and overwhelmed and so goddamn desperate for touch, so sensitive he could come from anything.
And he thinks of Cas’s voice reading it, the history of this country. He remembers how much money meant to him, even when he knew about ghosts and witches and shtrigas and, later, demons and angels. These days dollars and cents don’t mean anything to him at all, but he remembers. He remembers the curl in his belly. He remembers the emergency cash he could never bring himself to spend, not even when Sam whined at him for Cheerios, ‘cause it could always get worse.
“I like that,” Castiel says. Claire reaches them just as he tells Kaia, “I feel the same way.”
Christ. Dean exhales heavily. He feels real pathetic. “Never mind.”
No one’s in the hallway when Dean gets out, but Sam nods at him in the library. “Hey,” Sam says, “I didn’t listen at all or anything, but just FYI, if you wanna— if you want me to put a soundproofing spell on the door or something for next time, just lemme know.”
He looks at her, and he’s— it wasn’t a good thing, that John said that to him. It wasn’t good that he looked like her. Mary gave birth to two boys and it was the worst thing she ever did for them.
He closes his eyes and it’s just the two of them, his body sinking into the couch under Cas’s weight. Fuck. Cas’s mouth is gentle on his, and he wants to just kiss and kiss, forget about all the rest of it. Dean grips him tight, pulls him in closer, gasps into his mouth when he feels Cas’s dick against his and, yeah, Dean’s getting hard too. “S’good,” Dean murmurs, feeling half-drunk already, somehow.
Dean watches Dad put the gun on the side table before opening Sam’s bedroom door to look at him. Sam sleeps hunched into himself these days, curled up tight even though he’s growing faster than a weed, eating his way through Dean’s pool money faster than Dean can win it back. Dean doesn’t want to face it, but there’s something in that kid that’s made for bigger things than this, something that chafes at the motel kitchen mac and cheese and the floss stitches in moldy bathrooms, and that something will get out sooner or later. One day Sam won’t need to lock and load Dad’s Jennings in two seconds flat.
Dean swallows. He can’t open his eyes or he’ll see it all over again. He rubs the heel of his palm into his eyelids just to make pinpricks of color come, to distract him from the hole in his chest. “It’s a long story but he. He had to— had to summon someone, to, to save me. Summoned this. Thing. And he had to have a— a moment of— of true happiness to call it to him. Is what he said.”
She just tells him.
Cas breathes into Dean’s mouth, tugs gently at his lower lip with his teeth, and it’s— Dean collapses, full on, lets Cas carry his weight. Cas doesn’t say anything at all. Dean doesn’t, either — like their script has run out. Like there’s no race left to run, no audience to entertain.
Frat Bro must see something in the two of them, and says, “Fuck, okay, yeah, sure,” nodding like a bobblehead the whole while. He hefts his friend up into the backseat of his car, and Dean and Donnie don’t lift a finger to help.
“There is another seat somewhere around here,” Cas says, cracking open one eye to size him up. “You don’t have to stand there.”
“I like Castiel,” Mary says, because she does. “And you two seem to get along well. I think it’d be great.”
Cas blinks.
of this was to— was to make Cas feel good, but he peeks out from under his arm and there Cas is, still hard as ever, biting his lip with concentration as he looks at Dean’s body. Cas’s eyes slide up to his face, and Dean. Dean blinks, and moves his arm out of the way, so Cas can look at him.
Dean thinks about Cas’s warmth in that bed. Against all instinct, he says, “No, I.” He should stay up. He should stay up and make sure Sam’s warm and fed and taken care of. But Sam doesn’t look mad at all, and so Dean says, “I think I’ll… go back to bed.”
“Okay, then that’s— that’s step one.” As if Dean’s an idiot, Sam says, slowly, pronouncing every syllable, “
“Why not?” Dean holds his tea. He hasn’t drank any of it. “Lazarus did.
crowded up next to
“I’m here,” Cas says, and Dean exhales. Yeah. Cas is here. And after all of it — after years, years and years of losing him — he isn’t leaving. Cas’s hand — the one connected to the arm Dean’s feeling up right now — comes to settle on Dean’s hip. They’re curled into each other, legs just shy of touching each other and now that Dean’s thinking of it he can’t
Dean just keeps breaking his heart.
“Haven’t destroyed the kitchen yet.”
And Cas keeps reading, and Dean can see it as if it’s in front of him, men spraying gasoline on rotting mounds of oranges as families out from the Oklahoma dust bowl drive in and see it, see the waste.
Bobby sighs. “Look,” he says, walking into the bathroom. Sam drops the needle back into the alcohol. “You want your ears pierced, we’ll get ‘em pierced. No need to go givin’ yourself an infection just ‘cause you got a can-do attitude, y’hear me?”
“Yeah, he, uh.” Dean laughs, almost, or breathes out fast enough to count it as laughter. “Looked up prayers for, uh, queer— queer men. Is what he said.” He shrugs, keeps his eyes on the dirt. “Thought that was— wasn’t somethin’ people did.”
It isn’t a good day.
“What did you even look up?”
know.
“He asked questions in school, too,” Dean continues, as if he hadn’t said anything. As if he hadn’t ever been twenty-seven, grieving his twenty-three year old brother. Dean says, “He was— he was good at school, y’know. He got a full ride to Stanford.”
Dean flexes his fingers. He wants— ”I’m just—” and he does it, he puts his hands on Cas’s head, clenches his hair between his fingertips as Cas goes to fucking town on the skin under his jawbone. The first scrape of Cas’s teeth is a shot of adrenaline, God he’s so— so close, so
“What if he starts disappearing things bigger than rocks?” Sam ventures, which, Castiel supposes, is a reasonable enough concern.
“What would you like out of your relationship with Cas?” Mia asks, and shit if that isn’t a straight cut to the heart of the problem.
“Probably as happy as it makes me,” Dean says, trying on a smile in return. It’s fine. He— he does love Cas, in his way, and it’s not— and if Dean just does it, if he dates — because that must be what this is, dating, if they love each other and kiss each other and have sex with each other — if Dean dates Cas, and tells other people that they’re in love with each other, then what does it matter whether it’s true or not? Not like Dean’s built for love anyway. Maybe this is the closest anyone’s ever gonna get out of him.
before bed and
“Yeah. No problem.” Dean manages another bite of his hot dog, near the end of lunch, and then he slides back under the car. Nine months. Maybe he’ll try it again. Maybe he’ll talk about Cas with someone who knew him. He’s been careful to avoid saying his name, but now— now it might be time. His heart clenches just thinking about it, but he’s. He’s trying to be something here. He’s trying to figure out who he is when he’s not 90% bullcrap, and it’s maybe the most important, the most urgent thing he’s ever tried to learn in his life.
“I make ‘em,” Dean says, “or, well. M’brother, sometimes. My—” and it comes out so fast, and Dean doesn’t— he doesn’t even want to stop it, lets himself say, “—late husband was never big in the kitchen either.”
“Dean—”
“So it shouldn’t surprise me that so few of my siblings fell to this part of the earth,” Cas continues, and Dean looks back at the fucking tree. “Many of them survived. But many of them didn’t.”
“Yeah, sure.” Dean figures it’ll make a good addition to Donnie’s behind-the-bar security detail. “Hey. Watch yourselves, all right? The whole reason he got in this was ‘cause he was hassling one of Donnie’s waitresses.”
Cas exhales. “Yes,” he says, and Dean turns his eyes back to the safely distant galaxies as Cas settles down next to him, warm and familiar and dangerously close.
“I didn’t want you shooting in that firing range because I didn’t wanna love you there,” Dean croaks out, his face hot. It’s the truth of it, though. “I didn’t wanna look at you— I didn’t wanna look at you and think, he’s beautiful. Not there. Not surrounded by guns, not firing a hole in a piece of paper made to look like a person, not—” Cas’s hand comes up to grip his and Dean shakes. “Cas, I didn’t want—”
Dean shakes his head, stepping back to sit on his bed. “Nothin’,” he says, laughing while he’s broken up about it, because it’s true. Cas is alive, isn’t he? Isn’t that good enough? “Just— just—” He tilts his head back to the ceiling, as if gravity will keep his tears inside. “I fucked it up,” he whispers again, and there his voice goes, cracking right down the center line like a bad batch of asphalt. “Cas was— an’ I just—”
“Observant,” Dean mutters, and he tosses back another gulp. Beer, tonight, at least. He figured the hard liquor would just make him sadder than usual.
, and he thinks: if I can’t want it for me, then I’ll stay alive for them.
, good, goddamn,” Dean mutters, sliding a hand over his face and wincing at the wetness there. He full-on
“Why? Why do any of this? What do
Cas presses a finger into him and Dean gasps. It’s everything. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
Jesus
Finally, when he gets tired of Cas being far enough away to become a picture, he makes his own way to the tree, ‘til he gets close enough that he doesn’t have to look at Cas anymore.
Cas asks, “Do you want me to read to you?” and Dean says,
Mary’s new apartment is nice. It’s a second floor walkup behind the Lebanon thrift shop — the kind of place she never got a chance to live in, going straight from her childhood home to the house with John.
Slowly, Cas says: “In what universe could you possibly think that I’d get angry about.” Cas swallows. “About you getting,” and he even does the air quotes, “‘clingy.’ Tell me.”
Yeah. You know. The two of them sit there in the garden, a sapling branch of Cas’s latest orange tree bending down towards him. They still haven’t talked about what Cas said, when he died; Dean was half-certain they were just never going to mention it at all. And what does
“It’s not—
“C’mere,” he says, settling into his decision. It’s right. And Cas wouldn’t — he sees it, on Cas’s face, the worry — Cas wouldn’t want it if Dean didn’t want it, so that just means Dean has to do a good job convincing him. It could be good for them both. And hell, like he figured earlier, what’s even— what’s even the fucking difference, anyway. Not like Dean’s precious about his body. And Cas is hot, yeah, Dean has eyes.
Smells like creek. Water, s’what he means, the sound of it n’ the smell of it distracting him from the manure. Dean huddles into his shirt, glad he pulled on a flannel rather than trying to go it with just a T-shirt — the wind means business out here.
All of Dean’s air comes out of him in one breath. A gay man. There’s a holiness in it.
Cas says, “I think you’d be a… ‘catch,’” air quotes and everything, and Dean laughs. Cas frowns, though. “I mean it, Dean. You’re— you’re very kind, and loving, and of course you’re very handsome. And I’m given to understand that cooking ability is extremely desirable in the dating scene.”
Mary smiles. She likes that. She likes the idea of her baby finding his way in the world, knowing who he is and what he wants. “And you, Dean?” she asks. “What were you like?”
The guy’s like a dog with a bone. “It
As it turns out, the dead kid out in the middle of nowhere didn’t have anything to do with Cas being raised.
“I don’t need to wait,” Cas says quietly. “I don’t know how to tell you this in a way that you’ll believe, but I don’t need anything from you. I just— I just
“Ah.” Too rich for his blood, then. “Well, uh, sorry for wastin’ your time then, I—”
“I know,” Sam says. “Dean, I was— I was there. I know what you were like.”
And. Two hours ago. Cas’s mouth against his upper back, hands all over his chest, God, that’d been good. Cas breathing,
“Hundreds.” Dean flexes his hand, thinking of it. “I swear to God, Cas, literally hundreds of times. I wanna wear something I can’t picture myself in. Shit, that don’t make any sense at all.”
“Aw, hell, look at you,” Sam laughs. “Jeez, it’s nice to see you like this.”
and scrambles to add, “I mean that’s. That’s. Great.”
But he
Considering that I always fuck things up.
Cas walks into the water, shoeless and coatless, and Sam stands with Dean at the riverbank.
and the person at the counter will make Sam fill out a form that says
“How far in are you?” Dean asks. Mostly because he’s curious, but also because he wants to hear Cas say it.
Now, the
“Hm.” Cas considers it. “Yes, I suppose that’s fair. But there are groups who are… open to these discussions.” And Cas looks at him. “What was the prayer about?”
Maybe Cas is right and it doesn’t have anything to do with Jack. Maybe it’s just the land seizing up on itself after a century of overexploitation. Sam can understand that. Sometimes he wakes up in the middle of the night with huge cramps in his thighs, for no reason at all.
“Yeah, weird even for us,” Sam chuckles, looking at his hands. His knees. He clears his throat, and says, “I, uh. I saw. I saw you.”
blah blah blah, Dean’s just waiting for Cas to pull out an angel blade like with the tablets in that crypt. And then you add Lucifer’s kid into the mix. It’s like some unholy halo-halo guaranteed to give Sam the PTSD shakes and Dean two broken legs.
“We should get hobbies,” Sam says suddenly. He turns to look at Dean. Forty, with his creaky legs and his bad back. And Sam, held together more by willpower than sinew. “I’m gonna— I’m gonna pick up a hobby. Something that’s not— not just looking at newspapers for dead people.”
“What?” Dean looks up at her, shocked.
Dean leans back, blinks up at the ceiling. “Christ.” He relaxes into it, tries to let Cas push further, and Cas does— he pushes in, and then suddenly, it becomes easier. Suddenly, Cas’s whole hand is inside him, one great point of sensory ecstasy— and Cas’s free hand thumbs along Dean’s rim where it’s stretched out around his wrist, and Dean’s legs shake, his toes curl as he crooks his neck up to watch Cas watching himself fuck into Dean.
“I have an original ‘67 Chevy Impala back in the states.” Dean beamed in pride as well, a man in love with a car. Crowley could respect that.
“Well, I love snakes. I’m a herpetologist after all. Gave Aziraphale a rare black boa constrictor last year. He’s here somewhere. Where did our friend go, darling?”
Aziraphale stepped in, every in a cheery mood, “May I suggest a visit to the castle of London, very romantic and a ghost or two.” That made Dean perk up, so Crowley didn't really have it within him to confess that the ghosts had left long ago, bored with the castle walls, they decided to haunt more posh residences like Windsor and 10 Downing.
He snapped his fingers and in an instant, he was fully dressed with a pair of his darkest sunglasses with the biggest side shields. He wasn’t happy, but maybe he could have some fun with this. It’s not like he had to behave. As long as Dean didn’t realize he was a demon, no harm no foul.
“What about when I die? Then what will he do? He can’t bring me back every time.”
Aziraphale changed the subject with an innocuous comment made between pursed lips. “I am surprised you can read Latin.”
“I know. Your angel mentioned it last time.”
“Let’s move to the couch!” Aziraphale quickly led the group to his makeshift sitting area in the back of the store. It was by far Crowley’s favorite place to sit, he could curl up on the couch, near the fire, surrounded by the plants he moved in and watch Aziraphale putter around for hours. Crowley grabbed his favorite spot, slinging his arm over the back of the couch to bracket Aziraphale into his side.
Crowley couldn't tell if it was the insult to his suit or the fact this man had the balls to actually touch one of his books, that caused Aziraphale’s proverbial feathers to ruffle. Either way, he seemed less than pleased upon meeting Dean Winchester. “Do be careful with that, it's the first edition.” He sniffed, taking up that overly proper stance.
“Crowley, dear boy! We have company.” Aziraphale announced to Crowley's great ire. Damn, now he had to get up too. Slowly, with the petulant reluctance of a toddler, Crowley pulled himself from the bed.
“My dear,” Aziraphale protested, but Crowley went on making plenty of whining noises until, “Oh fine, just for a moment.” Pulling back the covers, Aziraphale slipped in, still fully dressed, allowing Crowley to wrap his naked body tight around him.
“He’s too trusting.”
“Dear,” Aziraphale gave a good-natured sigh. “Really.” His angel walked over and enveloped the other angel in a hug, which Castiel melted into. Crowley stood there glaring, noticing the way they both seemed to sink into one another. His angel must have been feeling something heavenly because as he pulled back his cheeks were plush and plump with honeyed joy. “What brings you here,  young one?”
“It’s nothing. He overreacted to a small argument. I’m just not very good in these situations.” Dean leaned against the Bentley door, watching through the window as the city raced by.
“Of course, but this is different.”
“Comes with the job.” Finally, by the grace of someone, the American put the book back with surprising care and even in the right place. “So, these are your friends, Cas?”
When they arrived back at the shop, they found their angels right where they left them on the couch. The only difference is that they traded their coco for wine.
“Charmed.” Crowley quickly cut off Aziraphale to shake the human’s hand first. To Aziraphale’s surprise, Crowley was sporting a Scottish accent now. Crowley gripped Dean’s hand with just a bit too much strength, pleased to see the calculated flash in the other man's eyes. Always expect the macho American to size up his fellow man. “What brings you to our little bookshop?”
“That imposter takes my name and I’m the one who has to change!?” The indignity of it all! If he ever gets his hands on that imposter Crowley! He would beg for a holy water bath.
Crowley raised back showed some very sharp teeth and just as he was about to strike…
“It’s too soon to be telling people. That’s normal alright!” Dean snapped.
The flannel loving human walked back in. “Sorry! I left my phone-WHAT!”
“We’ve known each other for years. Tell Dean where we met, Angel.”
They walked up to the others and Tony had told FRIDAY to fly over the quinjet. Sam was glad that Dean was barely conscious, because a) he hated flying and b) they had to leave the Impala behind.
"Though?"
"...alright. I'll go."
______________________________
"What?" Thor asked and right then Dean kicked him in the face.
"John, I ne-"
"And where's Ruby?" Sam asked.
"Like he said, you had a case like this before, right? I have time and decided to help, before more people vanish." Bucky explained and the officer nodded.
"See, wasn't so bad." The guy said. "Now you just-" He was cut off, as he heard a crash next to him and he turned around in shock. He saw the ghost woman and stared at her in shock. She looked at him and it was enough of a distraction for Sam to shoot him in the shoulder without him hurting Dean.
"It's Dean. John isn't here."
"Dean is standing right here. Shouldn't that be enough proof?" Sam asked.
"Car all right?" Bucky asked.
John lowered his gun and the kids ran past him. Eva and Zoe ran up to Sam and hugged him and little Jack ran into Castiel's arms and cried with relief. Eileen ran up to her husband as well and John, Mary and Dean smiled at them.
"You think I made a deal?" Sam asked confused.
It was in the middle of the night when Sam heard something and got up. He went downstairs and checked the main area. He looked around and was about to ask FRIDAY if something is wrong, but then he saw movement to his right. He hid behind a wall and when a man walked passed him, he grabbed the guy from behind. The man instantly started to fight back and they tried to punch and kick each other. Sam tried to hit the intruder, but the guy managed to dodge his hand and punched Sam in the face. Sam didn't care and immediately fought back again. The other guy was still stronger then him and managed to bring Sam down.
"Seriously? Crowley is the mayor? ...You poor people."
"Just tell me where the school is."
______________________________
"-it didn't look human at all-"
"It was three days before Thanos' men first came to look for the stones. It was just him and me in the woods, by the lake where I now have the house. We talked about setteling down there. And then he just... God I was so happy."
Dean glared at him and God chuckled.
"Ssshhhh!" Tony shushed him and listened to Sam's conversation again.
"I'm getting closer. But every time I get too close, he slips away again."
"No, he really is not dead.“
Dean sat there for a few more hours, thinking about their future. But soon he got more and more tired and without realizing he fell asleep at the table...
"Sammy-"
"It's called acting, Sam." John said, rolling his eyes.
"For how long are we going to stay here, Dean?" Sam asked.
"Is that why you always drive everywhere?" Clint asked.
"The new...?"
"You think?" Dean asked him.
"Dad..." He whispered and his father stood there, looking at him in shock.
"No, but maybe after some time."
Bucky was about to walk over to them, when suddenly he felt a hand on his soulder. He looked over and Dean was there.
"We tried to think of something... but nothing." Tony shook his head.
"He won’t hurt him, right?" Sam asked Steve. He was worried that Dean would seriously get hurt.
Tony turned to Steve and Bruce, Wanda and Vision left and Castiel listened to Thor who told him a story from his childhood.
"Can’t sleep?" Tony asked as he walked up to Dean.
"Dean."
"Garth and his family are currently on vacation and the next neighbors are further away. If we work in the backyard, then no one will see us."
______________________________
"Ha! Believe... After everything I went through, you think that I can just BELIEVE? That I will just hope that everything is good now? These guys aren't even my family. They look like them and they sound like them, but my family-... everyone I ever cared about is dead."
"...sadly yes. He- He lost it and Dean's world paid the price. Then he destroyed all the other worlds and only Sam and Dean were left, fighting against God. Sam died and Dean did almost as well, but I managed to get him out of there and bring him here. The only world, I managed to save... I wish I could have done more."
"Again, I am only a part of God. To make it easerier, you can call me 'Rob'." Rob said.
"FRI. Activate code: SOMS."
"To keep it short, Lucifer is free... The apocalypse is coming." Sam explained and the Avengers didn't miss that he looked a bit guilty.
"Oh he is still in the game... Just not in control of the ball." Tony said and Bucky rolled his eyes... again. "You two are the worst."
Dean nodded. "Okay, good."
"We told them we have to sort out some things and that they should stay at uncle Bobby's and aunt Ellen's house for now." Sam explained.
"Tony? Where is Dean?“ Steve asked and Tony only shook his head...
Tony, Dean, Rhodey and Nebula were all in the space ship and Dean grinned at Tony.
"Victory is ours." Thor said.
They drove back to John's and Mary's house and later Sam visited again to see how Dean was doing. Dean was touched by the fact that they all cared so much about him, but he still felt like he was out of place... obviously.
Dean looked around Benny, hoping to see Cas...or anybody for that matter. "Sorry, nothing personal. I've lost Cas and his crazy ass aunts. Woke up to an empty house. You know where they are?"
Throughout his adult life, Dean rarely needed anything. He wanted things, like good food, good sex, good whiskey, but need wasn't in his vocabulary. Until now. He'd listened to Cas pouring out his story. Oh, he'd read some of it in Cas' grimoire, but hearing it in Cas' tortured voice made it different...made it real. Seeing Cas in pain helped him overcome his own shame at the way he treated his father. It made him realize that just because someone makes a baby, it doesn't make them a parent. Cas' grandmother was a parent...Dean's mother was a parent.
"No."
Castiel wasn't sure what to say, so he just said, "Excuse me," and went in behind Dean.
The door shut with a loud click. Dean sat on the edge of the bed, and the cat jumped up to sit beside him. She began to wash herself. "If he didn't use a spell, why am I feeling..."
Not wanting to get into another conversation about Cas, Dean turned up the radio; and they made it to the hospital without having any more chick flick moments.
"Goddess, pull aside the veil, the edge of time where all things begin and end. Open the gateway between the here and now, and the hereafter, so that our loved ones may join us this night."
As he rode home, his mind was going back and forth between sadness that Sam couldn't afford to fly back so soon and excitement to try the new thing. His brother had sounded upbeat and while concerned Dean was rushing things, he was happy for him. He'd promised to come visit them soon.
"Hey, Bobby?"
"Your daddy's way of hunting was to kill everything that wasn't human. He'd have killed Castiel, Benny...everyone in this town. You're different. You see them for who they really are. People and creatures that just want to live in peace. For years now, I've been helping those just like 'em to find sanctuary here. I could use some help."
The witch reached around inside and pulled out a plastic bag. Inside were a book of matches and a candle. Half a minute later, Dean was inside the outhouse, holding a lit candle. "This is just fuckin' peachy." He sat the candle on a small shelf and unzipped his pants. When his cold hand grabbed his dick, he almost screeched. He could almost feel his testicles drawing up inside his body. It took a second to coax his dick to empty his bladder.
Benny offered to drive Castiel home after the town meeting, but he chose to walk. He took the shortcut through the deep forest and paused when he came upon Missouri's cottage. She hadn't been at the meeting, but smoke drifted from her chimney and the lights were on. He stomped his feet on her doormat and knocked.
"We'll be next door when you get done," Benny said. Castiel followed Benny into the bar. Gabriel looked up from a magazine he was thumbing through.
Cas was slow, letting his hips rock gently against Dean. Dean needed more. His met each easy thrust with a snap of his hips, eyes locked with Cas'. When Cas didn't comply with his silent demand, he changed tactics. He trailed his hand down his chest and over his belly before wrapping his fist around his hard cock. Cas followed the movement and Dean was pleased at the hitch of his husband's breath. "Dean." Hearing his name in Cas' gravelly voice thrilled Dean. Cas looked amazing. His hair was damp with sweat and it stood out in a riot around his face. Beads of perspiration dotted his forehead and upper lip.
Dean didn't like being mocked, so he developed a pout on his lips that Castiel felt the sudden desire to run his tongue over.
"What was what about?" Dean couldn't help but kick at the black, hairy body.
"My friend, Benny. He was here earlier today to bring supplies, and I hadn't finished his order. He is back to pick it up." Pierce, still in a small snit because he hadn't unpacked her tuna yet, raced to the door. Dean smirked.
"Dean, you're having a bad dream. Just a bad dream."
“Cas it’s just, it’s not because I’m, I mean…” Dean didn’t have a clue how to explain this to Castiel without divulging more about his thoughts than he intended. Some things Dean Winchester firmly intended to remain in his head where they belonged.
"Huh?"
"Fuck that," Dean muttered, holding onto his side. Running in freezing temperatures wasn't the smartest thing. He'd been sweating under his coat, and now he was getting chilled. He groaned and took off after Cas.
"No, Dumbass, I was just... I've just never seen one up close and personal before." Dean rolled them, so Cas was under him. He brushed a lock of hair away from Cas' forehead and smiled. "Like I said, you're perfect."
"Yeah. You know, he called me a fag...fuck, his brain basically exploded and that's all his has to say to me. Not 'I love you'...hell, don't know why I'm surprised. He never told me anything like that."
"No, Ruby came to see me before the storm started." Castiel put his hand on Benny's arm saying, "Ruby is a good woman, a strong woman."
"Christ on a crutch...I didn't think I said it out loud...I was talking about them freezing and turning blue, Cas...not...not...I don't need to jack off." Dean stared skyward.
"What the hell is he talking about?" Dean asked, confused about the angel's rant.
They met Bobby in the waiting room and made their way to John's room. The television was on a game show, but John wasn't watching it. Bobby entered first. "Hey, old man, you doing okay?"
Damn the man. "Dean, you foolish...foolish man. I don't want this to be over before it starts." Castiel ran his fingers over Dean's upturned face. "It was..." Castiel searched for a word to describe the feeling Dean's mouth gave him, but couldn't, so he was honest. "...indescribable." He saw the warm flush on Dean's skin and smiled. He held out his hands, and Dean allowed himself to be helped up.
"Yes, of course. Sam, please make yourself at home."
"You need something else?" Bobby's gruff voice came through clear through the receiver.
Castiel huffed. "You don't have anything I haven't seen before." For an instant they played tug-of-war with the quilt, but Castiel won. Dean used his hands to cover his junk. Castiel rolled his eyes but turned around. Dean found his boxers folded up with his jeans and struggled to get them on. He was winded by the time he was dressed in his jeans and that started another bout of coughing.
"I'm not a better man, Benny. Trust me."
"You are very welcome," Castiel said, before turning to stoke the fire. He'd be leaving soon and wanted it to stay warm for Dean. "When did you eat last?"
He bet Cas was glad to have his bed back. Was Benny there to keep him company? Dean's hands tightened into fists. Cas said it was over a long time ago, but he'd bet anything, the vampire still wanted Cas. The only way he could get the image of Benny and Cas together out of his head was to imagine Cas between his own legs, looking down at Dean with those blue eyes of his.
"Well, save dancing around naked for the Summer." Dean took the basket from Cas, and together they fell into step. The crunch of snow under their feet was comforting and allowed Dean to think. He needed to call Sam again...find out what was going on with his father...
She was gone. He hung his head. Dean was his true mate and the fates were playing a cruel joke. Dean wouldn't stay. The hunter could never love a witch.
"I don't dance." Cas' deep voice startled him.
"Come on, Cas, let's go home."
"Kate, come inside," Benny said quietly and with one backwards glance at Dean, she went inside the store. The door shut behind her.
"Way to be cryptic, Cas."
"It's okay, Dean." Cas said, shifting under him. Dean rolled off and used the outhouse door to pull himself to his feet. He held out a hand, and Cas took it. Dean pulled him to his feet. Dean looked into the dark interior of the outhouse and sighed. His ass was going to freeze, his balls would get frostbite...would turn blue...blue balls...Dean groaned at the thought.
"Sorry, man, just can't get comfy." Bobby gave him a strange look and then turned the light off again. Dean stared at the sliver of light coming in between the two curtain panels. The flashing vacancy sign could be seen, if he squinted. "Bobby?"
The feeling of connection overwhelmed Dean, and he felt the tears on his cheeks. This was the man he would love for all time. Any doubt was gone now.
"Dean, if Dad finds you...if he finds your friends...I want to be there."
Missouri finally sat across from him on an antique brocade chair. She folded her hands in her lap. "He's always wanted more."
"I've got to take a...make a trip to the outhouse."
Throwing caution to the wind, Castiel spoke. "I needed to know if you were my true mate."
After Cas had been gone about twenty minutes, Dean did begin to worry. He went to one of the rear windows, remembering seeing the woodpile next to a lean-to back behind the cabin. He wiped at the condensation on the glass and tried to see out, but the snow was too thick to see anything. He heard a sharp crack and after a few moments, another. Pierce jumped up on the window seal by him and began licking her paws. "He okay out there?"
"Beans, huh? Not a good choice, Cas."
"Hey...dude..."
Keeping one eye on the witch, Dean opened the flap and noted everything was still in there except for the guns. He raised his eyes. "Where are my guns?"
He stared down at his coffee. Then finally, he looked up at the man who was a better father than John would ever be. "I can't kill...him. He saved my life, Bobby."
Dean blinked at him comically. "Uh huh...she let you go all doggy style."
"Dean, we don't have to rush the physical part of our relationship."
"Shut up, Cas."
"No, Sam...look...I know how you feel about Dad, but you can't let him rot in jail."
"Huh?"
"Don't worry. It's Missouri."
"How did he find his way back, Castiel," Benny asked accusingly. Castiel exhaled and wished he'd never gotten out of bed that morning. He held up the amulet.
Without being told to, Dean stared into the black oval. Castiel concentrated and the red clouds swirled. Dean's eyes widened. "What's that mean?"
The pudding was rich and creamy. Dean paused with the second bite almost to his mouth. That smell again. "Hey, Harriet, what's in this pudding?"
"Don't be. I want you, but more than that, I want to be here for you. Every hour of every day."
As quickly as he could, Castiel gathered the herbs he needed: licorice root, coltsfoot, sage, eucalyptus. And tossing them into a pot of water, he hung it over the fire. With sure hands, he stoked the fire, adding a few more logs until it was roaring.
Castiel debated telling Dean the truth, but thought better of it. "I'm sure they've got it taken care of." He was saved from further questions, by Mab.
"Dean makes me happy."
"We'll stick with the plan, Dean. Let's hook up the car." John finally seemed to notice Bobby's tires. "What the hell?"
Castiel saw it happen in slow motion and knew he couldn't stop it. Dean's arm hit the edge of the table, knocking Castiel's beer, causing it to slosh over the rim. Both Castiel and Dean reached for it at the same time, and their hands collided, sending the beer splashing over Castiel's shirt. His first reaction was to jump up and pull the now cold material away from his skin. Dean's first instinct was to try to help. What he was thinking, Castiel couldn't begin to understand. Castiel's amulet swung into view.
He took a short nap after his heart rate returned to normal. His phone's alarm woke him at seven.
"Sure, man," Dean said, nudging Sam, who pulled the keys out of his pocket. Dean let Sam take care of his father's personal effects at the hospital.
"Can I...borrow it for a few minutes?" The few minutes turned into an hour. He Googled one thing and that thing led to another thing and who knew you could do that with that...thing.
Just before it slammed shut, Castiel heard Benny say, "You might not want to piss off your boyfriend very often. Parts for that car of yours are probably expensive."
"Waste...law..." Sam stiffened. The same old argument Sam had to put up with since he left for Stanford. John told him the law was a waste of time.
He hit Colby around seven and parked the Impala. Once he got his room key and tossed his bag into the room, he hiked across the highway to a small restaurant. The pork chops and mashed potatoes were good and he cleaned his plate. The elderly waitress, whose nametag read Harriet, came to refill his water glass. "Can I get you anything else, young man? We have a nice Mexican chocolate pudding with real whipped topping."
As they rounded the corner to the street, Dean saw Bobby's truck parked in front of the bar. "It's only Bobby," Dean assured Cas and quickened his pace. He flung open the door and saw Bobby sitting with Benny at the bar. Bobby was eating a hamburger and paused to look over his shoulder at Dean. The older hunter nodded and sat the burger down.
He stood and followed her to the door. Dean was standing at the edge of the woods. Chara was standing a few yards away from him, watching him. Chara glanced up when she heard them on the porch. Dean didn't turn around. Missouri strode down the path towards her cottage. Chara padded towards him, and he acknowledged her with a soft whistle and a touch to her head. Then she took off at a trot, disappearing into the forest. Taking a deep breath, Castiel approached Dean.
"They were made for you, Dean. Until I destroy them or take them apart, they will be yours." Dean met his eyes for a moment then went over and picked them up. He tucked them into his coat pocket.
The cat was still except for its tail. "Okay, fine." Dean stood up and eyed the staff leaning against the wall. He made his way over to it and used it for balance. He flung the door open and saw the witch's footprints in the snow. They were leading to the forest. "Cas," Dean called out. "Son of a bitch," he muttered. He reached for the heavy coat on a peg by the door. He took the scarf and gloves too. He stared down at his bare feet and realized he was only wearing pajama pants.
"Why do you think that?"
Cas' words, so simple, tipped Dean over the edge. He threw back his head and cried out. He was vaguely aware of Cas' body tensing and the soft sound of his name being repeated over and over again.
Castiel took Benny's hand and brought it to his neck, knowing he could feel Castiel's pulse with his fingertips. Benny growled and Castiel saw his fangs drop. "Drink."
Dean was the first to look away, "Yeah...sure." He said the words, but he didn't mean them. Dean wasn't sure of anything anymore. Cas took a lot of time kissing his stomach, licking into his belly button, blowing lightly on the trail of hair leading to his bush. When Cas finally licked the head of his cock, Dean forgot about being self-conscious. He almost forgot his own name when Cas took him into his mouth. Forgot how to breathe when Cas started fondling his balls. More people needed to do that for a man, Dean thought, right before his mind went offline. Cas was pressing his fingers to that spot right up under his sac...that one special spot that had the potential to drive a man insane.
Dean learned to roll with it after that. He still didn't know where the aunts slept or if they even needed to sleep. He stood patiently while they draped purple fabric over him. He nodded his head at all the suggestions they came up with. But mostly he counted the minutes until he and Cas were alone.
"That's why I'm here. I've been assigned to be your keeper today."
Dean was looking at him strangely. "If you need to masturbate...I can leave you alone..."
Castiel felt a flare of anger. The hunter that John Winchester brought with him hurt his mate. He'd felt a touch of remorse after Gordon's death because he'd helped to take another's life, but seeing what would become a permanent scar on his lover's body erased any lingering guilt he had.
"Yeah. Must have smelled whatever it is you're cooking."
Castiel eased himself in a chair. "It could have been me...or you...or Benny."
He pushed and prodded again, feeling the give of the soft flesh under his fingers. He turned and looked at himself from every angle, noting with abject disgust he appeared to have love handles when looking at himself from the back.
"Dean...Dean...wake up...please."
"Not just a gun, Castiel. This can kill anything. Demon, vampire, maybe even angels...not that I want to test that theory."
Pierce blinked and licked her paw, looking every inch the bored kitty. Dean stuck out his tongue at her. He flopped down on the bed, staring at the ceiling. It was his fuckin' wedding day and here he was by himself.
"Boston."
He picked up his robe and threw it over his shoulders. Now that the ritual was finished, the cold began to touch his skin. He gathered his things into the basket and picked up his staff. It was time to check on Dean and make sure he ate.
Gabriel's eyebrow rose a fraction, but he grabbed the bottle of Stolichnaya he kept for Castiel and the Leshiy who lived a bit deeper in the woods. Vladimir played a big part in keeping away strangers. Leshiys were known for confusing travelers.
"Something's wrong..."
"He may mean them, Sam, but it doesn't change the fact that Dean is a hunter. He would not be happy here."
Gordon snorted. "Boston, huh? How does a guy from Boston become an expert on skinwalkers?" The hunter spat out the word 'expert' like it was filthy.
"Your daddy is a hard man, Dean. Over the years, he's gotten more and more...mean. It's the life he led. Town to town, risking his life with no appreciation from anyone...no one to love him...no one to love. I don't want that to happen to you." Bobby paused again and when the seconds turned to minutes, Dean finally looked up at him.
"Yeah." Dean shrugged and walked back to the cabin to get his hat and gloves. Castiel got his outerwear, and they both got on the snowmobile. Castiel knew things would never be the same for him after today. One way or another, he would lose Dean.
The vampire smiled sadly. "I was in love with him for a long time. Castiel didn't share my feelings. He cared...but he just saw me as a friend. I respect that. Yes, I love him, and that's why I will hunt you down and kill you if you hurt him."
"Dad, Castiel and Gabriel helped you. Without them, you might not have made it," Sam said softly, but Dean could hear a bit of steel in his brother's voice. A nurse entered the room.
"I am."
"My family disowned me, or I should say, I disowned them. They weren't happy. I thought it would be best if I got as far from them as possible."
Castiel felt the distrust coming off the hunter, but there wasn't anything he could do about it. He'd turned his head so the man could have privacy to get out of the tub, but when he heard the sound of skin slipping on the smooth quartz, he reacted. He held Dean up until he could rest the hunter on the side of the tub. Carefully, he laid the towel over Dean's shoulders.
"You are impossibly stubborn and take stupid risks..." The headlights of Benny's truck shattered, and his friend groaned. "...I will not let you face this alone." Bobby's front tire blew, and a hiss of air made Dean stare wildly at the damage. "If you are truly my mate, then we will be side-by-side." Another tire ruptured with a loud pop. "Do I make myself clear?"
"Whatever," Dean muttered, letting Sam lead the way. The waiting room was crowded, but Dean spotted the burly vampire and the older hunter easily. Sam made it to them first; and when Dean walked up, Sam was explaining their father's condition. Sam sounded clinical, almost detached. Sam and John never got along...okay, so that was an exaggeration. Once Sam reached puberty and finally realized what their father and Dean did while they dragged him all over the country, he rebelled. Up until then Sammy had worshiped their dad.
Several minutes passed and Castiel never took his eyes off the man. He snapped himself out of his daze and wrapped the hot stones in the towels. He place one between Dean's feet and the other two under his arms. He sat on the edge of the bed, and touched Dean's face with his fingertips. "He's stubborn, Pierce. He will be fine."
"Thank you for worrying about my well-being though."
"Right, looks like something out of a horror movie." Castiel looked into the dim interior of the barn. Since the last horror movie he saw was an old black and white of Dracula with Bela Lugosi, he couldn't comment. Shrugging, he stepped inside and removed the tarp from his Goldwing. This is what he rode into Lafitte on. Benny kept it up for him, but he hadn't ridden it in years. His helmet was perched on the seat and his spare was still attached to the back by a strap. The key was in it. Dean looked at him disbelievingly while he pushed it out into the sunshine. "Seriously, a witch on a motorcycle?"
"The right thing to do?" Castiel said incredulously, his voice raised in anger. "It was Dean's father."
"But you aren't straight," Gabriel said knowingly.
"Come down here and call me that, Asshole." No...no...no...too late. Gabriel appeared in front of Dean, knocking him back on his butt.
"Well?" Dean asked Benny. Benny rubbed the back of his neck and just shrugged.
Dean stared at the man. Something was right on the edge of his mind...clicks...the sheriff had used the term clicks. "You were military."
His tread on the porch was heavier than normal to give the hunter warning of his arrival. He opened the door. Dean was lying on the bed, back to the door. He didn't move, even with the shutting of the door. Was he asleep or was he just ignoring Castiel?
Dean stared at him in open amazement and Castiel felt the need to tell his story. "My mother and my brother mentally and physically abused me, Dean. All because I wanted to practice magick like my grandmother did. When I reached the age of thirteen, I was supposed to join the coven. I refused, and my grandmother defended my decision. Lucifer locked me away and...and my mother killed her own mother for influencing me." Castiel felt Dean's other hand covering his. "She came to me that night and told me grandmother died because of me. She called me weak and pathetic. On the day my grandmother was to be cremated, her sisters came from Ireland. Grandmother was one of seven sisters, and they were powerful. They cursed my mother. She now lives as an ugly hag." Castiel huffed out a small bark of laughter. "Mother was vain...so vain. At one time, she was incredibly beautiful..." Castiel drifted for a moment, remembering how his mother looked. Long red hair, ivory skin. "Anyway, my great aunts took me home with them and trained me...shared their knowledge with me...helped me to bond with Brighid. When I was of age, I came home. I hoped things would be different, but they were not. I stayed out of a sense of loyalty to my family. Lucifer had given up on me joining the coven, and he left me alone unless it was to hurl insults. Years passed and then one night, I came downstairs, and one of my brother's coven had...had...my dog..." Castiel had to stop.
She looked up. "He will protect you, but there will be a price he will pay."
"I need to see you, Dean."
"Great idea," Sam said, backing Dean up.
"It's true, Dean. Benny survives on the blood of cattle."
"How did he find out?"
"Yeah, I heard that mentioned. What's that?"
Gabriel turned his eyes to Castiel. "I made a vow, just like you did, to protect this town and the people in it. The hunter would never let it go, Castiel. He would have come for us, bringing more hunters with him. Dean would never have been free."
"Oh...well...whatever you do...or don't do...don't do it naked." Dean's mind hit the gutter hard. Cas naked was the thing fantasies were made of. As if reading his mind, Cas chuckled softly.
"Listen up, everyone. I need everyone to go to their assigned locations. Dean's brother should be coming through the crossroads in an hour or so, let him pass. We believe the hunters are traveling together. Dean could you give a description?"
“A wolf?” Dean really didn’t want to take his eyes off the animal, because…well…it was a wolf, but he was drawn back to the man’s intense blue eyes. Castiel? What kind of name was that?
"Cinnamon, cardamom, rose petals, and sea salt will help warm you. While you bathe, I will make you a tea of Echinacea root, Goldenseal, and Marshmallow root. The tea will prevent you from catching a cold."
Watching Dean come was glorious. It was like staring into the sun. Blinding in its beauty and Castiel barely registered his own orgasm.
"Day before yesterday and it was." Dean pursed his lips. Day before yesterday, he was at Cas'. No cell phone, no TV, and no newspapers.
"What's so damn funny?"
"I love you, Dean, more than life itself."
"Something's wrong..."
"We shouldn't," Cas murmured at the same time. Dean opened his eyes to see Cas' warm gaze. With a growl of frustration at himself and the situation, Dean quickly rolled off Cas' lap and onto his side of the bed. He ran his fingers through his hair, willing his erection away. "Dean, I want...I do want...this."
"You are a true and righteous man. Yet you lie to yourself." Dean opened his mouth to make a wiseass retort, but she continued, "You look upon Castiel's body with lust." Dean felt his face heat up and avoided looking at Cas. "You deny your feelings. Why? To please a father who can never be pleased?"
I know the updating has been slow on this one, but we have reached the end.  I will be writing the epilogue and hope to post by the end of the week.  Angi and I could not have done this without the support of all of you.  And because we didn't want it to end either, we've decided to do a few time stamps from time to time.  We want to see Dean in his new role, we want to meet Lucifer and maybe let them have a child.  If you have any suggestions on what you'd like to see, feel free to comment.
"I do."
"I can assure you...you will not be the bride and nor will I."
"Yes, Dean," Cas answered without looking up.
"Stay with me, Dean." Castiel called on every ounce of strength he had and picked up Dean in a fireman's carry, the hunter's body slung over his back. Castiel gripped Dean's legs and arms and trudged home. Once inside, Castiel let Dean fall to the bed. He stripped him of Castiel's winter gear and growled when he realized Dean was almost nude under the coat. Just those damn pajama pants covered his lower half. He moved quickly to gather what he needed. Whispering the spell for warmth, he annointed Dean's body with the oil again. Pierce, sensing his panic, wrapped herself around Dean's head. Her body heat would help.
As their breathing returned to normal, they lay in each other's arms. Dean let his fingers trail up and down Cas' thigh lazily. "You okay?" He knew they were gross and needed to wash off, but he didn't want to leave the warmth of Cas' embrace.
Benny waited until they were by the truck before rounding on him. "Damn it, Castiel. He's a hunter." Rage seemed to radiate off the man.
"You don't like..." Cas looked upset at the thought of cooking something Dean wouldn't like, and Dean was quick to put him at ease.
"Silvermist, Fawn, this is Dean. He is a hunter, but means us no harm," Castiel said as an introduction. Fawn, much younger than her brother, hung back, but the male fairy flitted closer. His curled, black horns glimmered under the fluorescent lights of the store.
The four of them ran out to the rental. Benny reached into his truck and pulled a strobe light from under the seat. He affixed it to the roof of Sam's car. Dean took the passenger seat and Sam got into the rear with Bobby. Castiel remained standing on the sidewalk. "Come on, Cas," Dean implored.
Castiel sighed. "Most humans aren't like us, he may not know."
“What are you doing, Dean,” Castiel asked, head tilted to the side.
"You speak in riddles," Castiel's voice was loud in the silence of the forest.
Benny and Castiel wore matching expressions of shock. "You know of him?" Castiel asked.
"You've met them?" Dean asked in surprise.
After one last look in the direction of Cas' cabin, he got behind the wheel. He hit the interstate just before one. The drive was tedious and every once in a while, his eyes would land on the black pouch hanging from the mirror. Cas made it to keep him safe. In his line of work, he needed all the help he could get.
"And Zoraida, she's the youngest of the seven sisters." Zoraida was blonde and very petite. Dean wondered about Cas' grandmother, Yule. Was she young and beautiful when she was killed by her own daughter?
Castiel was silent, and then he nodded once. They drifted into the bar, and Castiel saw Gordon, still lying in the congealed blood. Gabriel made a noise of disgust and snapped his fingers. The body and the blood disappeared. Castiel saw John's gun under the table where it dropped. He stared at it. Obviously very old, there was something about it that made Castiel recoil from it. "Gabriel, the gun."
"I should not be there, Dean."
Busted, Dean thought.
The motel room smelled musty, but the bed seemed clean. Dean slept in his clothes, with his pistol under his pillow. When he woke, it was still dark outside, and he got up to take a piss. He looked at the bedside clock. It was only four-thirty. He groaned and got back in bed. He rolled around trying to get comfortable again, but wound up on his back staring at the ceiling.
Ten minutes later, Dean regretted asking Cas to show him how to cook on the big wood-burning stove. Cas was standing right next to him, his hip and arm kept brushing against Dean, and it was distracting. Cas was so distracting the first pancake resembled the African continent. Cas seemed amused.
Cas eased out and Dean moaned. He felt empty...sated, but still empty. As if his muscles were made of jelly, Cas collapsed next to Dean. Dean curled his fingers around Cas' and stared up at the blue sky. "Hey, Cas, how did you make it springtime?"
Cas chuckled as he leaned the axe against the shed's wall and began stacking the logs into his arms. Dean joined in, something making him want to outdo Cas. His load was higher, heavier, and he staggered when he took his first step. He couldn't lose face, so he stumbled along behind Cas, arms burning with the strain.
Gabriel's place was alive with music and laughter. When they opened the door, everyone erupted with cheers. Dean made his way over to Sam and Bobby. He was clapped on the back by the older man, but his brother lifted him up off the ground in a fierce hug. "I'm so happy for you, Dean."
"I could, but it would be a wasteful use of power."
She swatted his shoulder. "You are a bad boy." She had a definite spring in her step as she walked away, and that made Dean smile.
"I know."
Before he dressed for the cold, Castiel sat a small bottle on the table next to his gloves. The child from the gypsy encampment was sick and the tincture would help. He slung his bag of laundry over his shoulder, and picked up the trash, pocketing the medicine to give to Ruby. The sun was melting the icicles along the eaves of the porch. Instead of heading down the road or the forest path, he headed north. "Good morning, Mo Chara."
He pulled to a stop behind the store and entered through the back door. Benny looked up from the counter, across from him stood an incredibly beautiful and tall woman. She smiled at Dean like she wanted to eat him for breakfast. "Karen, Castiel would turn you into a toad if you so much as looked at him...so stop staring at him like that."
Dean narrowed his eyes. "Yeah, what of it?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"What...where..."
"Gabriel left heaven because he liked life on earth. He is no longer welcome there." Dean scrubbed his hands down his face. "Dean, I know this is a lot for you to grasp..."
But then Castiel returned the kiss, a pleased hum emanated from his throat and his hands found the soft flesh above the towel still wrapped around Dean’s waist.
An hour later, Dean and Benny were walking through the woods towards Cas' meadow. He was in his robe, naked underneath. The robe wasn't as revealing as he'd feared. There were clasps in the front that kept it closed, so nobody could see his junk. Wyoming in late February and there is snow on the ground, but strangely enough, he wasn't cold. Maybe the robe had a spell on it. His bare feet were even warm.
This time, when he lifted his arms, he could smell the salt air of the ocean despite being hundreds of miles from any coast.
One by one, his friends and neighbors dropped pieces of paper into his cauldron. Castiel knew each one had written the name of a passed loved one or a simple wish. When the last one, a child from the gypsy camp stepped back into her place next to her mother, Castiel waved his hand over the heavy, black pot.
“No, it isn’t. I could be far harsher with my words.”
He strode over, all American swagger and slight bow leggedness. Holding out a calloused hand he greeted, “Dean Winchester.” Oh, with a smile like that this guy was a heartbreaker and knew it.
“Nope! Not doing this here!” Suddenly, Dean was up, stomping back towards the front of the store. Castiel looked miserable, head down, staring at his hands clasped in his lap. Aziraphale stood slowly, making his way over to the other angel. With gentle hands, he patted the man’s back. He gave Crowley an imploring look. Lolling his head back against the couch, Crowley took a frustrated breath. Aziraphale was silently asking him to do something, but what could he even do.
“How did you do it?” Dean asked, looking at Crowley like he had all the answers. Honestly, it was a good week if Crowley had anyone answer let alone multiple.
“But we fought…” There wasn’t any anger or fight in Castiel’s voice. All that was left was sad confusion.
“Yup.” Crowley smiled with pride as he patted the hood like it was a well-behaved pet.  Opening the doors, they settled into their seats. Dean twisted around to get a good look at all of the wonderfully preserved details.
“Be back in a little bit, Angel.” Crowley waved over his shoulder as he pushed the man out into the London streets.
“This is why I’d rather use my fists to solve my problems.”
“Snakes. Sure, they’re fine I guess.” Dean said in a tone that clearly meant he thought they were crazy.
Aziraphale smirked, “I wish you would, you old snake.”
“But! I bet he’s thought about it,” Crowley continued, ignoring Dean's outburst, “I know that they seem naive, hell it’s practically a requirement for an angel, but they aren’t children. They know what they are getting into. If Castiel wants to be with you then he has already thought about that inevitability.”
Castiel sat in silence, nothing would come from feeding the fight. Even so, Crowley wasn’t about to let it go. Maybe it was because of his demon nature, but he smelled fresh meat to tear at. Dean’s anger was an act to keep others from prying.
Of course, just as it seemed the peaceful moment would last, there was the sudden sound of ruffling feathers, like a thousand pigeons had stormed the streets of Piccadilly. Crowley snorted, adding it to his mental list of evil acts to perform this month. Aziraphale, however, had it in his head that he had to investigate, pulling away from the nest and taking his delicious warmth with him
“Yeah, but I—” Dean flicks the grill off and steps closer to Cas. What’s the sensation of a trap, paranoia, the prickling fear at the edge of his mind, in comparison to this? To Cas’s eyes lit up, his smile, his hand warm on Dean’s? “I’d want family to know.”
“When we watched Tombstone, I coulda kissed you then,” Dean confesses. Are you there, Cas? Are you listening? “Why didn’t I?” he asks, and then chokes on it, his own stupidity, his own idiotic fear. Voice cracking, he tries, “Why— did you— oh, Cas, fuck, you thought—”
When they drew near town, Dean asked, "Hey, where are they all going to sleep?"
"I was turned in Bosnia. Left the Corps not long after, before I had to have a physical."
"You raise cows?"
"Real helpful there, Cas," Dean muttered. Castiel stepped back, getting ready to apologize again, but Benny's truck rumbled up next to Dean's car. Without words, the two men hooked up jumper cables from one vehicle to the other. Dean got behind the wheel after a few minutes and turned the key. Nothing happened and he hit the steering wheel with his hand, then he rubbed it like he was saying he was sorry.
"Knock it off, Gabriel." The angel shrugged and disappeared.
"I know you think it's probably too soon...I mean...we barely know each other and...and..."
"That's for Cas to say, not you. When he wants me to go, I'll go."
Okay, Dean wasn't into chit chats with vampires; and this case was solved, so he stood up. "Thanks for the info."
"John and I don't chat over coffee much these days, Dean. Your secret is safe." Bobby leaned back in the booth and adjusted his cap. "And you think this witch slipped you a love potion?"
He saw her then, her top half was still human looking, but her lower body was that of a large spider. "You're one ugly bitch," Dean called out to her. She hissed again. As she gathered herself to leap, Dean ran right at her, but she was too fast and shot a stream of webbing. It knocked the machete out of his hands. Before he could reach for it, she screeched. Bobby had got one of her legs and a green fluid jetted out of the stump. Dean grabbed his weapon and charged. He saw his mistake as she spun her web around his arm. As she raised her clawed hands, Dean closed his eyes preparing for what, he didn't know. Death? Excruciating pain? Her screech shocked him into opening them again. She was backing away from him, snarling and spitting. Bobby raised his machete and her head flew into the underbrush. Her body crumpled and jerked a few times before it stilled.
"He needed me, Dean. Vampires can survive on animal blood..." Castiel felt frustrated at having to repeat himself. "...but they get a sickness if they don't supplement it with human blood. I tried to explain it to you..."
All the pushing and prodding from the aunts that morning, all the stress from the last few days...none of it mattered. He was standing before his family and his Goddess pledging himself to Dean forever. He was happy.
"Nevermind. Look, I'll see you in a few hours." He got the motel information from Bobby and hung up. He walked to the large map of South Dakota and surrounding states posted outside of the restrooms. From Mount Rushmore to Casper, Wyoming was only two hundred and twenty miles. He stuffed his hands in his pockets. Why was he still thinking about Cas? It wasn't like he'd ever cross paths with him again.
"Yeah, well she didn't warn you about me, did she?" Dean asked testily. "I stumbled on your place easily enough."
Dean's mouth parted like he wanted to speak, but Castiel put his finger over Dean's lips, and when he was sure Dean would stay quiet, he let his finger outline Dean's cheekbone. Castiel brought up his other hand to skim over Dean's ribcage. Dean moved closer to him, barely an inch separating the two. Castiel loved the heat radiating off Dean. Their cocks, now fully erect were aligned perfectly. They touched and tasted, kissed and nipped until Castiel didn't think his legs would hold him any longer. He laced his fingers through Dean's with the intention of leading him to the bed, but Dean had other ideas.
A scream ripped him from his peaceful slumber. He sat straight up in bed, heart pounding. Frantic, he looked around. Pierce was on the end of the bed, back arched, tail thrashing from side to side. Dean moaned, his head shaking from side to side. Another scream..."Sam...Sam...No." Castiel jumped up and raced to Dean's side. He knelt on the floor and touched Dean's face. It was wet with sweat.
After they unclamped the cables, Dean got into the passenger seat of the big truck, and Benny started the engine. "Thanks again for this. I know I'm not your favorite person."
He scrubbed his hands over his face in frustration. Castiel was regarding him with his eyes squinted and head tilted. Dean would never admit out loud how endearing he found that.
"No," Dean said with a shake of his head. "But how hard can it be?"
In the daylight, it was easier to follow Cas' footfalls in the snow. About a quarter mile into the woods, tracks appeared next to Cas' prints. The wolf.
"You wanna hear this or what?" Dean asked at the interruption.
"Goddess of the moon, I come to you to bring you my love and my devotion. May you grant me the joy of your presence."
Who was this person? Why was this man in his forest? Castiel went back to the man’s things. He found a wallet tucked into the back pocket of the man’s jeans. The leather was wet, as was everything inside. There were five credit cards, each with a different name, a driver’s license with the name Dean Winchester on it, fifty dollars in cash, and a condom. He moved on to the backpack. He found water, some processed food that made Castiel turn up his nose, a flare gun with extra flares, another pistol, and a box of bullets. Castiel packed everything back into the pack except for the guns. He took them outside and left them next to the first pistol. Guns had so much negative energy. He’d have to smudge the house very soon.
"I have a pump." The man turned and walked to a curtained off area. He pulled back the curtain, and Dean's eyes widened. Sitting in a corner was a huge hollowed out piece of quartz. Definitely big enough for a grown man to sit in. Dean watched in stunned silence as the man...Cas...ti...el...began pumping water into the tub. His arm moved up and down quickly, filling it until it was mere inches from the top. Then he put his hand into the water and mumbled something under his breath, while swirling it in a slow circle. Dean saw steam begin to rise. Steam that hadn't been there before. Eyes narrowed with suspicion, Dean scanned the room until he saw his backpack by the door. It was a good ten feet away. As weak as he was, could he make it there and grab his gun before the witch...because that was the only explanation...could react?
Castiel walked over to them and felt the jeans. He shook his head. "They are close, but I could not let you go out until I am sure you are completely well."
Dean and Sam raced inside and went straight to the desk. Dean wasn't sure how the angel popped in with a comatose man without creating mass chaos. The place seemed quiet, so Gabriel couldn't have caused too big of a commotion.
Castiel heard the hitch in Dean's rapid breaths, and he watched in awe as Dean came undone. Dean cried out Castiel's name and his hand slowed. Castiel felt the warmth of Dean's cum exploding on the head of his cock, and it was the most incredible feeling in the world. He had no time to prepare for his own release. Time seemed to freeze as their bodies separated, and Castiel's semen splashed onto Dean's cock and balls. Trace amounts beaded in Dean's bush and dripped to the floor.
"Hellhound." Dean said.
"Well, Sammy dragged me to this guy who apparently healed people like Jesus and-"
He stopped though, when he saw Dean in the driver seat.
Sam said and the others stared at him.
"Sam, you've got some God-given talent. Well, not God-given, but you get the gist."
JARVIS had tried to locate John, but so far no luck. Tony went crazy over it. He got more frustrated that even JARVIS could not locate him and he was even more disappointed in himself when he saw Dean's sad expression. The boys began to think that their father was already dead.
Dean's eyes widened.
Castiel hesitated and turned to the medics who came after Dean, trying to catch up with him.
He turned to Bucky. "Take care of Sammy. And say I'm sorry to the others."
Dean nodded.
"A-Are you alright? Are you- god, you are crazy." Castiel rambled.
Everyone gasped at that.
"Adventures?" Dean raised an eyebrow.
"And what is an Avenger doing here?" The police officer asked.
"I told you to stay back, Sam!"
"So, why now of all time?" Natasha asked, bringing up Steve's question again.
"Dude I think it's not even a two star hotel. And we came into town at like four in the morning. We were tired and didn't want to wake you, so we just crashed at the first hotel we passed."
"And what about Chuck?"
"I am Castiel. An angel of this world.“ Cas said and snapped his fingers. They all watched, as the aliens started to turn to dust, including Thanos. The fight was over.
Dean smiled at them, got up and then he turned to Jack and Rob and nodded at them. In the blink of an eye, they were gone.
"We should bring him to a hospital." Bruce said and before Dean could tell him his mind, Bucky spoke up.
Dean visibly tensed up for a second.
"What happened to JARVIS?" Dean asked.
"Maybe I can help." A new voice said and everyone looked at Rob.
"I don't know how she will react, but I have to try. I don't want to keep her in the dark."
"Cut the crap, Sam. Of course you know Chuck. You know, God, Chuck the prophet, the one who killed everyone in the fucking universe. Ringing a bell?" Dean said, but the others only raised their eyebrows.
"She wants us to put her to rest. That's why she screamed."
"Oh come on! You are Tony fucking Stark. I told him and I will tell you as well. You two are perfect for each other. Weather you like it or not."
"Hunters don't care about fame, or money. We just want to help. Sometimes though you have to do something illegal, or get on the bad side of someone in order to get information. We aren't heroes, but we still try to help others."
Natasha walked up to them.
They made their way to Jericho and when they reached the area, they found a bunch of police officers on a bridge. Dean stopped the car and they got out.
Suddenly a dog jumped out of the car and he ran straight towards Dean, as soon as he saw him. He wagged his tail and put his front paws onto Dean's legs.
"They are little kids and kids talk a lot." John muttered.
"... I mean... not all the time." Sam said and Tony laughed.
"Here." Castiel gave Dean a glass of water and Dean gladly drank all of it. They sat on the couch, while Jack was on the ground, petting Miracle. The boy was still scared but tried to be brave.
"Dean! Are you alright? Cas told us what happened." Sam asked him, as he, John, Marry, Eileen, the twins and Bobby visited the next morning. Dean, Castiel and Jack just finished breakfast and currently sat outside on the front porch.
"We are not here to make friends. Now come on. She probably meant that building over there. Let's check it out."
Bucky walked up to them and looked as well.
"Good morning, Mary."
Jack swallowed and opened the backdoor.
"I told you not to try it. You can not win a fight against me."
"Well then, come up with a better idea."
Dean just stood there and everyone looked at him worriedly.
"I know, crazy right." Dean said and Sam shook his head.
"Yeah yeah, bitch."
"Sounds like a great guy."
"...no. Not really, but we will be. I just- I just hope that Dean accepts that he is not fine. He- I'm worried about him. He was much closer to dad. Dad and I... we only fought all the time. But for Dean he was a hero."
"Alright." Sam smiled and he and Eillen grabbed the girls and left.
Everyone looked at Dean again to explain.
"The hell are you guys doing here?" A new voice said and the Avengers looked up.
"No... We should hide and wait for someone to come." Dean looked around and upstairs was a great hiding spot.
"I‘ll be fine. It‘s just a school."
"Okay, so now what?" Bucky asked.
"Come on, sit down and tell uncle Tony what's going on." Tony tried to lighten the mood, but Bucky looked lost and almost scared.
"You two alright?"
"Alright, kid. How about you and your brother come with us. We patch your arm up, no hospitals, promise. You get something to eat, a bed and then tomorrow we talk about what to do next. Sounds good? Good." Tony was satisfied and walked towards the door.
"Sounds... romantic." Dean said.
Dean nodded and leaned his head against the window of the Impala, as John drove them further and further away from New York.
"Yeah and uh... who is that?" Tony asked and pointed at the third guy who just stood there, staring at the others.
In the end all of them sat on the couch again, watching Scooby-Doo.
______________________________
"It's okay, we-we'll figure it out... Cas...?" More of Cas' body disappeared and then Dean hugged only emty air. More dust was floating around.
"Yeah, we called everyone. But before the others come, we want to talk to the twins and Jack." Sam turned to Dean. "Dean was really close to them, so they might get emotional." He warned him.
"No Hulk, it was me who did the final blow." Thor said and Hulk roard at him.
"Promise me!"
"Tony?" Sam asked from behind Dean.
"We?" Tony asked.
Jack shook his head and turned around and grabbed onto Castiel's leg.
"Actually, we have a problem." Sam said as they all sat down at the kitchen table.
Dean just looked at him. He wanted to ask Sam the same question.
"Well, I hate to be a told-you-so." Ruby said.
"Huh... well, as long as you are happy, we are happy."
"You mentioned I was one..." Castiel said.
"Yeah... We had to escape a mob of crazy fans again." Bruce said and sat down at the kitchen table.
"Deal."
"I know that Dean would have wanted Jack to have her one day, so..." John shrugged. "Though I did not think that you would be this bad..:"
"Is he still kicking?" Sam asked with a smile.
"Yeah... yeah."
"I don't know. Probably some hotel, like always." Dean shrugged.
The others looked at him with anticipation and Dean sighed.
Dean still hesitated to follow Tony, but then he looked down at Sam. His brother was clearly tired and the bed in the cabin wasn't exactly comfortable.
"I know a thing or two about cars. And I don‘t expect much. Just a little bit of cash."
Dean left the man alone and walked back to his car. This couldn't have had anything to do with them killing some monsters. This was something bigger, especially if it happened all around the world... Was it God...?
The guy shook his head. "Not without my wife."
They realized that John was as far as them on the case and they wanted to go and see if the husband was still alive to question him.
"Thanks guys. I- I gotta go. Bobby found something. I'll call you later." Sam ended the call leaving complete silence in the tower, until Tony spoke up.
"What the hell do you think you're doing?" Dean asked.
Dean looked around and saw a man standing in front of one stone as well, looking confused.
"Yeah..."
"Yeah... It's just... Nevermind." He shouldn't talk about it with Jack here and Castiel seemed to agree, as he just nodded.
Sam laughed. "As long as Bobby doesn't have to take care of him again."
After an hour, they heard a key in the doorknob and Castiel walked in.
"HELP!"
Bucky saw that the kids were a bit overwhelmed by the big tv screen that had no buttons and decided to step in.
"Oh honey, you were." Mary agreed with her son and Sam's grin widened.
"Sorry, you probably don't want to talk about it..." Dean felt embarrassed and looked away.
"Aside from the church bells ringing in my head...? Peachy." Dean said sarcastic.
Dean looked at his brother and his stomach growled, so he too picked up a small piece and ate it.
"He wanted us to do a job. He is a step ahead of us and we are not sure what exactly he wants... but we'll get there."
Steve and Natasha glanced at each other. "Dean, Tony barely talks to us." Natasha explained.
Lilith walked up to Sam kissed him.
The girl hesitated. "It's kind of this local legend. This one girl, she got murdered out on Centennial, like, decades ago.Well supposedly she's still out there. She hitchhikes. And whoever picks her up...well, they disappear forever."
"Of course! Why wouldn’t he?!"
"Everything alright?" Tony asked.
"It can not be..." Crowley said.
"Don't worry. He will be fine." Tony said and handed him some water.
"That is correct." Vision said and Castiel looked at him.
"Yes." Jack answered. "I am now the new God and I can do what I want."
He looked behind Castiel and saw his little brother. He stood there, holding Mjölnir and looking tired, but he was here, alive.
"And Sammy's with those people?"
On his way home, he looked around town and there were confused people everywhere. He stopped on the side of the road and went up to a man.
"We don't know yet.. we... we fought, we have to make a list." Steve sounded tired and scared.
Steve threw his Captain America shield at the suit and Lucifer stopped and before he could continue, Wanda started to push him towards the hole with her magic. Vision helped her and used the mind stone to push him back with a beam of yellow light. Tony quickly activated his suit and also shot his lasers at him. Lucifer stumbled back and stood now right at the corner where the hole would suck him in. Thor and Hulk looked at each other and nodded. Hulk punched and Thor hit Lucifer with his hammer at the same time and Lucifer fell backwards into the darkness.
"Me?! Oh come on Buck!"
"Yes. I- I have to go to heaven and see what is going on there." Castiel was suddenly gone.
"Well, let's see what they want." Natasha said and everyone waited for the elevator doors to open.
"We don’t need your help."
"What happens now?" Wanda asked.
"Sammy got psychic powers and he got stabbed after fighting in a battle royal with other special kids." Dean explained.
Castiel lifted his arm and Dean saw the glove with the infinity stones.
Tony remembered when Bucky called them. They came as fast as they could and couldn't believe what they saw. Dean's body was torn apart and Tony could barely look at him. Bucky had told them what happened and the Avengers couldn't believe it. It took them a few days before they could work normally again. The Avengers had more and more missions and especially Bucky took one assignment after the next one. Tony quickly realized that Bucky tried to distract himself, just like he himself started to drink more and more again. Of course Dean wasn't as close to them as Sam was, because Dean was always more distant and a bit of a lone wolf, which was also the reason why Bucky always got along well with him. But they still cared a lot for Dean and hoped to help the boy. Tony always blamed himself. He thought if he had tried to be closer to Dean, tried to understand him more, then maybe Dean wouldn't have left with John back then. Bucky and Sam tried to talk him out of it, that it wasn't Tony's fault. But Tony was stubborn and barely ever listened to anyone else.
The woman looked confused and looked at Bucky who started to sweat nervously.
"No, I just used different names for the last two years."
"I swear, if Sammy doesn’t treat you right, then I’ll come back and haunt his ass." Dean smiled and leaned against his baby.
"Things are good... well, mostly."
"Why do you talk to the police like that?"
"I am not him- I mean, I am him, but from a different world... it's complicated." Dean scratched the back of his neck.
"Still, I-"
"I-I'm sorry, a-about what happened. It's... unbelievable..." She said and Dean nodded again. Then Mary came down the hallway into the living room.
"Well, I want to be honest, it was difficult. Jack and I... We were both down after your death. I- I tried to be a good father, but it wasn't easy. Thankfully Sam, John and Mary helped, but-"
"But then you had more time to think about it. To see the good and the bad. To accept it."
Dean led Tony away and Bucky looked at Jessica. "Sorry about that. Tony can be a bit... annoying."
"Sammy not coming?" John asked.
"Well you have to! We can not fight against hellhounds!"
"... What? That doesn't make any sense."
"Oh come on. If someone scared her, it would have been Thor or Steve because of their heights and muscles. Or Castiel who just stood there and stared at her."
They worked for hours and hours, until Sam came over and gave them both a beer.
"Hey! I heard that." Tony said.
"Still, you picked him up, cooked for him and kept an eye on him. Thank you."
At this point Wanda, Bruce, Bucky and Thor had all ordered something to drink, while Tony was still intensively paying attention to the date.
"But... Did God really destroy all the other worlds out there?"
"You all had a peaceful life until now. And no matter where I go, chaos always follows."
"No offense Mr. Banner, but I don’t trust any of you. I will not leave my brothers side."
"Can you blame a guy?" Dean said and John let out a laugh.
Then the ghost suddenly appeared in front of them. She stared at them and then looked down at her own body.
"Yeah yeah. You‘ll be alright?" Dean asked Sam, clearly a bit worried about his brother.
"They- They didn't want to stop it." He said.
John and Mary exchanged a glance.
______________________________
Jack nodded, but didn't say anything.
"Do you want to sleep here or should I call Sam or John?"
"She showers right now. After that we will make breakfast."
After eating Tony suggested that they go shopping for some clothes. Dean didn't want Tony to spend any money for them, but Tony insisted.
"W-What are you?“ Thanos asked.
Dean said the right words and the entrance closed and the rings reappeared.
The elevator opened and Sam and Dean were overwhelmed by the luxurious room. There was a huge living room, with a gigantic tv screen, multiple couches and a large coffee table. Behind that was a big dining table and a kitchen with fruits and snacks lying around.
"Salt, silver, holy water,... do you have guns?"
"Yes, ma'am." Dean nodded.
"I am so sorry Dean."
"Chuck?!" Dean said from behind him and shoved Sam away.
Dean’s face turned serious. "It’s dad. He is missing."
"Yeah and who is Ruby?" Tony asked.
"Why this world?" Mary asked. "If there were millions of universes out there, why did you save this one?"
Sam looked at his parents. "I uh I should go to Eileen and talk to her."
They heard a knock on the door and John and Dean shared a look. If it was one of the neighbors, then Dean would have to hide in order to not be seen. But after a second, they heard a key in the lock and then Sam opened the door.
"Oh that’s cool. I have a library. Bruce and Steve are there often. You can read whatever you want." Tony said and they all smiled, when they saw Sam’s happy grin.
"I'm sorry that it had to be you." Castiel said quietly.
"Hey, are you okay?"
Cas smiled back and then looked at them. "I said no.“
"Come on. For now we should just be glad that he is home."
John parked the Impala there as well and Dean cringed slightly at the sound it made.
Turned out the scratch won't turn Dean into a skinwalker, but Sam was still angry with his brother for being so reckless. Bucky had calles SHIELD to clean up and afterwards told Steve what happened. They really should pay more attention to those supernatural things out there.
"Okay ladies. The way Troy disappeared, something's not right. So if you've heard anything..."
"Let him go." Sam said, as he slowly walked down the stairs.
"I was surprised that you volunteered for the space mission, since it would involve flying.“
"How do we stop all this?" Sam asked and everyone turned to Dean.
"Tony is right. Dean is strong and I'm sure he's fine. He just... needs time." Bucky said.
Dean and Cas left and Bucky walked over to the others, looking at Tony, as he smiled and showed Bruce some stuff on the tablet.
"What is going on?" Eileen asked her husband, as she saw his worried face.
Thanks for reading! I hope some of you enjoyed it
They got back up and Dean instantly checked the car over.
"Sorry to disappoint you, but I don't 'enjoy' life right now."
Dean furrowed his brows. "That idiot. Where exactly is he?"
"No-" Bucky hit him over the head and the guy went unconscious." Dean picked him up and brought him to the basement.
"Papa!" Jack ran to him as well and cried into his arms, as Dean hugged his husband and his son with confusion.
„Well, what are we supposed to do?“ Sam asked.
"They wanted me as a vessel, for Michael."
"Alright you two. Knock it off." Bucky interrupted. "We will see what we can do. Maybe we can come up with something…?" Bucky looked at Tony and Bruce, who were already thinking about possible ideas.
"You had your chance. You can't just flip a switch. We needed time."
Castiel, Sam and Mary went back inside the house and  explained everything to Eileen, while John and Dean drove to John's place to grab some guns and salt.
"Stay safe. And if you ever need anything, just call me. I will be there in a heartbeat." Dean told him and hugged his little brother. Sam hugged him back and then they walked back downstairs.
"Alright boys. Try to stick to the topic." John grumbled. "The only one I can still think of would be Crowley."
Dean saw sadness in Cas' deep blue ones and got lost for a moment. He remembered when the empty took him and he could only watch. He couldn't even process what Cas had said to him. Dean never wanted to admit it to himself, maybe it was because he thought that Cas would never love him that way, but Dean knew that there was something more. If only he had said something... Maybe things would have been different...
"Sam..."
"Yeah, Sam just went missing and then you guys are suddenly too cool to call us." Tony said in a teasing voice.
"I-... yeah  I-... what's going on? What is this place?"
"...being an angel was great, but I don‘t want to spend the rest of... forever to be one.“
"Yes, sir." Sam smiled and they looked around more.
"NO! SAM! SAMMY! CAS!" They heard the faint scream.
"-black eyes like- soulless-"
Dean shook his head and took out his phone. He dialed Bucky's number, but no one answered. He cursed and tried Tonys number, but again no one replied.
The police officer looked at the three. "And who are you?"
"Right..."
"Yeah yeah. We get it. JARVIS, get the car here as close as possible without hitting any trees."
When they all were inside, the girls jumped onto the couch, while Jack continued to stay close to Castiel.
"Come on kid!" Dean dragged the boy with him outisde. He saw the firefighters had arrived and started to extinguish the fire.
"So... we need to kill the horsemen, steal their rings and lock Lucifer away again...?" Thor asked.
"Still. It can not go on like this. Sammy is smart and he could go to college. He… he doesn’t deserve to be hungry all the time because I have no money for food. He shouldn’t feel bad because I stole something for him so that he can have a fucking christmas present…"
"It’s just… it’s been years Dean. Don’t you think he would have looked at the cabin if there was a slight change that we would be there?"
"Yeah, can it, Gabriel. He's my brother. Hands off," Dean told the archangel. Then Dean turned to Castiel. They hadn't spoken since Castiel's temper flare.
The morning wore on, Castiel got a barely conscious Dean to drink some tea that seemed to reduce the fever. It was near lunch when Castiel heard the sound of a vehicle. Pierce leapt off the bed and ran to the window. A soft mewling sound came from her throat and Castiel chuckled. "You only tolerate him because he brings you canned tuna."
Gabriel looked off into the distance. "It wasn't the right thing to do, Castiel."
"Your body is perfect, Dean," Castiel avowed.
"Fate has brought you together. Love will keep him in your arms. He is true and righteous."
"You are allowed to want that, Dean. You are allowed to be happy. And I want to make you happy. If it means you want to keep hunting and visit me when you can, I'm okay with that."
He was surprised when Dean thanked him. He understood what it cost the man to be grateful to one of his kind. Hunters were well-known, and Castiel knew they could be deadly. He should feel just as leery of Dean as Dean was of him, but he sensed that Dean wouldn't hurt him.
Castiel rolled his eyes, since the aunts arrived and talk turned to the wedding preparations, Dean had acted petulant. "Maeva needs a drop of your blood."
John's face was a mask of anger, but Dean had to finish this. "I love a man, Dad. And I really don't give a shit what you think of me anymore. You would have let Gordon stab me to get to Cas...that's not a father...that's a fuckin' sperm donor." The beeping on John's monitor got faster and louder, but Dean didn't care. "Bobby's gonna make sure you're taken care of, but I wouldn't expect visits from your sons."
"Cas?" Cas turned, and Dean leaned in to touch his lips to Cas'. It was just supposed to be a simple kiss...affectionate...but Cas made this small sound that pushed all of Dean's buttons. Dean couldn't help but react. He had wondered how Cas' hair would feel tangled in his hands, now it was a reality. He tugged at the strands, pulling Cas closer. Dean ran his tongue over Cas' lips and with a soft moan, Cas parted for him. Their tongues danced, sparring with each other. Dean loved the feel of Cas's warm chest pressing against his. He felt Cas' tentative touch on his shoulders, trailing down his back, and Dean broke the kiss, letting his head fall backwards. Cas latched onto his neck, sucking tiny bruises under his jawline. In an attempt to get closer, Dean shifted, so he was now in Cas' lap. He could feel Cas' arousal pressing against his own. Moaning with need, Dean rocked his hips and took Cas' mouth again.
"I welcome the Old Ones. I offer hospitality to kindly guiding spirits in this sacred place. Those of you who have joined me here, I beg a blessing. Into the fire are messages for those close to our hearts."
Castiel felt his own anger rise. "Don't you dare tell me what I feel, Dean. I felt things for you before the Goddess told me you were my true mate."
While the stew simmered, Castiel gathered his tools to cleanse his home. Having the gun in his home for even a short amount of time made the entire cabin feel full of negative energy. He cracked open one of the windows before sitting a large abalone shell on the table. He held the tightly wrapped sage bundle in his hand and lit it. Once it was smoking, he put it into the shell and washed his hands in the smoke. He breathed in the aroma, letting the smoke cleanse his body.
"Yeah...maybe."
Dean had a goal. Make Cas lose control. "Feels so good, Babe. Love you so much. Need it...harder, Babe." Dean's hand moved up and down his cock, now slick with his arousal.
Cas assured him that he was just having a nightmare, but the feeling something was wrong wouldn't go away. Then Cas left again, going up the ladder. Dean was sitting up now and knew he should get dressed and go...despite the darkness outside. He felt antsy and his hands were still shaking.
He left the store and entered Gabriel's bar. Benny was sitting at the bar talking to the fallen archangel who'd taken refuge in Lafitte a few years before Castiel. Both looked up at him.
"Dean...I'm sorry. We don't..."
Dean swallowed and nodded. He wasn't happy about it. He was going to make sure Bobby knew it, but he kept his mouth shut.
"If that's what's gotta be done..."
"Brewed it yourself, huh? In a cauldron?" Dean smirked, but Castiel knew he was teasing, and it lightened the mood. "Does Benny sell this at the store in the personal hygiene section, right next to the condoms?"
The word love threw him for a second, but he recovered quickly. "You caused the blizzard and my car problems...fuck...you could have killed me and Benny...okay...not Benny because he's a vampire...but me definitely."
"No...Cas...I can feel it." Castiel felt helpless, and then he had an idea.
"About what?" Dean's gaze went back to the flames licking at the chimney. Dean knew what he meant. He was being deliberately obtuse.
Dean was sitting against the headboard, trying to stay out of the way, almost drifting off to sleep, when Mab sat down next to him. "Do you understand the responsibility you will have taking a witch as a mate?" Dean looked at Cas, who was across the room near the stove showing Circe something. Dean met the oldest aunt's eyes.
John appeared very interested in what Dean was going to say. "Through me," Bobby answered gruffly, leaving no room for argument.
Their breathing was erratic and harsh in the quiet of the cabin. Dean was close and by the amount of precum spilling onto Cas' hand, he was almost there too. "Dean...look at me."
She was already hurrying to one of the campers when Castiel stepped into the woods.
Cas' face flushed an adorable shade of pink. Dean picked up his pillow and tossed it against the headboard. Careful not to allow any skin to skin contact, he settled into the bed. Both men opened their books. After a few minutes of reading about how Cas used soap to keep the bugs off his vegetable garden, Dean glanced at the cover of Cas' book. His eyes widened and then he burst into laughter. Startled, Cas looked up. Dean took the opportunity to snatch the book out of Cas' hands.
"It's a bathtub. And it takes you forever to fill it. And then you have to wave your magic wand to heat it, so it stands to reason, the next person has to share the water..."
"You've already had a setback because of your...stubborn, idiotic actions...you will eat in bed," Castiel said bossily. Dean liked the haughty look Castiel gave him, it was kind of sexy.
Dean got it, and it pissed him off. He yanked away from Bobby and took a step back. "A chance at what, Bobby? A chance at fucking up Cas' life? I'm not the settling down kind of guy. I hunt, Bobby. That's what I do, and that's all I know. Cas deserves someone to stay around...someone who is happy to live here...someone like Benny." Nausea rolled over Dean like a tidal wave. The thought of Benny and Cas together...no, he wasn't going to think about it. He couldn't think about it.
"We will need to hide Dean's car. When they come, they will be asking questions. It might be best if you are the one they talk to," Benny said, turning his glass in circles on the bar.
"That is not our way. This town is a sanctuary for those of us who want to live in peace."
"Very much so, Dean." He leaned over and kissed him. Benny cleared his throat beside Dean.
He went to the cupboard and took out a can of tuna. Pierce began to purr loudly. Once the cat was fed, Castiel set about making his cabin clean. He made the bed and gathered the small bag of trash, mostly cans. He also gathered the laundry into a large, cloth bag. It was time for another trip to town.
"Wait...I'll be back." He climbed up the ladder and unwrapped his scrying mirror. Carefully, he descended to the cabin floor. He held out his hand and Dean stared at it. "Come."
"I'm sure he can, Aunt Mab."
"Dean, you're in a town filled with things that want to kill you. You need to call Dad."
"When? What do we do? Who is it? Is it the hunter's fault?" Questions were hurled at Missouri from around the room.
A corner of Castiel's mouth came up in a half smile. "No," he repeated.
Dean shrugged. "I've been a hunter most of my life, Cas. Kids were never an option. Look at what kind of father I had...no home unless you count endless motel rooms...there was no sitting around a Christmas tree and opening presents...we were lucky if we got a hot meal. I never wanted to bring a child into my world." Dean put his hands on Castiel's hips and pulled him between his legs. His face was belly level and he looked up at Castiel. "I'm okay with not having kids, Cas."
"Right," Dean said sarcastically. He was upright now, leaning heavily on the wall. He was inching towards his backpack. While Castiel had taken the guns, he'd not touched the other items, and he remembered the silver knife tucked into the side pocket.
"Do you remember where you parked your vehicle?"
"Benny told me what was going on this morning, so I didn't see the need. Was Arif his normal opinionated self?"
Cas stepped forward and opened the door, and Sam led the way inside. Dean didn't turn around to see if his father was following, but he heard Gordon grumbling. He didn't have a clue how to fix this. The goddess wouldn't let him leave, and his father was trying to force him to go. He heard the clump of feet behind him and released a sigh of relief.
"Fall in love, make lots of babies, and live happily ever after," Gabriel finished, clapping gleefully. "It's like a fairytale."
Cas pumped water into the tub and waved his hand, murmuring his 'instant' hot water spell. He pulled the curtain. Dean's imagination ran wild. Cas naked and wet, leaning back in that tub...Dean sitting in his lap, riding his cock...Dean wrinkled his nose at the fantasy. Water sex didn't work out too good. Water tended to wash away any lube you use. He was pondering starting a new fantasy when Cas spoke. "How are you going to approach your father, Dean?"
Sam shrugged. "I don't know...sell it?"
Dean met Cas' eyes. "No, he didn't just forget." Cas bit his lip and blushed.
"Yeah," Dean agreed and remembered the scarf and hat. He unwound the scarf and snatched the hat off his head. "Here," he said, shoving the items at Cas. Cas took them and turned to go. Dean stood watching until the bite of the frigid temperatures forced him to move.
Gordon growled, and John put a restraining hand on his arm. Castiel saw Dean zero in on the gesture, and he felt Dean's pain like a physical blow. Gordon gave Dean a sly smile. "Yeah, so Dean...how did you and the expert from Boston meet?"
"Yes, Dean. They live in the forest near the west of town." Benny was watching their exchange with a bemused look on his face.
"No, but they have the right to peace like the rest of us. People can be cruel to those that are different."
"You aren't fat, Dean, but even if you were, I would still love you." Castiel hadn't meant for those words to come out. Dean knew he cared...and might even be warming to the fact that they are destined to be together, but he wasn't sure his hunter was ready to hear a declaration of love. Castiel held his breath.
All eyes turned to him. Sam looked pissed. Fuck, if Benny wasn't looking at him with a pitying expression and it made Dean want to punch him. And Bobby...Bobby just seemed resigned to Dean's attitude. "Sam, can you and Benny give us a minute?"
"That where you're headed?"
Dean had always been good looking. He’d never had any problems getting somebody to share his bed for a night. Now he doubted he’d ever turn anyone’s head again. The recent rejection in the bar was his proof.
"Bobby's cell and his hotline," Dean murmured and looked up at Benny. Castiel saw respect dawn in Dean's eyes, and strangely enough, in Benny's too. Benny pushed the phone towards Dean.
"Sorry."
“Dean,” Castiel finally broke his silence.
"Well, last I checked, these woods are owned by the federal government."
He turned to the side, now glaring at himself critically. When had this band of fat shown up? Surely it hadn’t always been there, he would remember seeing this!
"Are you forcing him to stay?" Dean took a step forward, but the woman turned towards him, and he froze.
"His sons," Sam answered. Dean couldn't look away from the window. He didn't want to see the hatred in his father's eyes. He'd seen disappointment in them his whole life, but it didn't stop him from doing everything to make his dad proud. So much for that.
"You really want to marry me, Cas? Other than being adorable, I'm not that much of a catch."
"Nononono." John flung his left arm out, gripping Bobby's wrist. "Not...him."
"He is your father. I am someone you have only recently met, Dean. There is no choice to be made. We just have to keep the town safe."
"It's great. Thank you." She wandered off, and Dean stared down at the bowl. Was it the cinnamon or the nutmeg that reminded him of Cas? Or both? Had the witch put a spell on him?
Castiel began to laugh. They were out in a blizzard talking about masturbation. Dean brought his gaze back to Castiel's and shook his head, but he was grinning. "You're fuckin' crazy, man."
Seeing his brother off was hard for Dean, and he let the hug last longer than usual. "Be happy, Dean," Sam whispered in his ear before pulling away. Benny waited in his truck to give them a ride back to town, the engine a soft rumble in the clearing. With promises to keep in touch, the three men left. Cas walked back into the cabin. Dean sighed and followed. This wasn't going to be easy.
"Castiel, can you give me a moment with Dean?"
"He is a stubborn man," Castiel murmured and was surprised by Benny's bark of laughter.
"Would you like me less if I was fat?" Castiel asked.
"For good health, a happy home, grounding, and fertility. This I ask of you. So mote it be," Mab projected loudly. The candle flared to life.
"How can I know that, Cas? How can I be sure you didn't put a spell on me? How can you prove that?" Castiel bowed his head.
The sound of Cas coming down the ladder pulled his attention away from his errant thoughts. He came over to Dean and held out his hand. "Come."
"I thought it was pretty obvious that I wanted you, Cas." And still did, if his aching cock was anything to go by.
"We need to go into town," Castiel whispered.
"You went against me..." He looked down at Gordon's still form, lying in a puddle of his own blood. "...against one of our own. You were always a..." John's face suddenly went slack. A look of confusion filled his eyes. His hand, still clutching the Colt, loosened and the weapon fell to the floor with a resounding thunk.
When he turned around, Cas was standing by the bed. The glow from the fire illuminated his body. Cas was naked and aroused. Really aroused. Dean swallowed audibly. His mouth was making way to much spit. Fuck, the man was making him drool. "Come here, Dean."
"Your...affection...for this human...this hunter...has put the whole town at risk, Castiel," Benny said, disappointment visible in his eyes. There were a few drops of Castiel's blood on the vampire's mouth. He knew his throat was probably covered in it. What an attractive picture he must make to Dean?
Dean looked shocked to see Kate. "Kate?"
"Maybe because you’re a freakin' witch, and I can't stop thinking about you. I can smell you. I fuckin' dream about you. So, keep your Goddamn amulet, and go back to your bloodsucking lover, and leave me the fuck alone."
Cas nodded. "I know of it." He veered off the road, and Dean followed without question. It only took another ten minutes before they came out of the woods, and there was the barn. His baby was right where he left her, covered in a blanket of snow. Dean fished his keys out of his pocket and unlocked the door. The engine was cold and didn't want to start the first few times Dean turned the key, but eventually, the Impala roared to life. He got back out and started brushing the snow off of the car. Cas helped him.
“I was, uh, I just got out of the shower and was getting dressed. Aren’t you supposed to be at the library with Sam,” Dean asked.
"I love you," Dean said abruptly. Cas' hand faltered. "No, don't stop, Cas...don't fuckin' stop."
He was only a quarter mile from home, when headlights came around the corner and illuminated the road. "Hey, handsome, need a ride?" Dean grinned at him from the cab of Benny's truck. He opened the door, and Castiel squeezed up beside him. Benny put the truck in gear, and the big truck turned down the rutted road that led to his cabin.
Blue and balls were the two words Castiel heard come out of Dean's mouth, the rest were carried away by the wind. He stepped back and bit his lip. How did one handle a situation like this? "I can...uhm...leave you alone...if you need to take care of..."
"Listen Broomhilda, the Goddess didn't have a damn thing to do with Cas and me falling for each other. As far as I'm concerned, I don't need ribbons, robes, and dancing fairies to prove to Cas that I love him and want to spend the rest of my life with him."
Castiel sat up, sweat covered his body. Something was wrong. Heart beating erratically, he jumped out of bed and climbed the ladder. With a flick of his wrist, the candles flared to life. Normally, parlor tricks didn't suit him, but time was of the essence. He lifted his scrying mirror, an obsidian oval, polished smooth and set in a brass frame. It had been his grandmother's. He lowered himself to the floor of the loft and placed the mirror on the floor in front of him. Concentrating, he moved his hands over the mirror. Swirling red clouds appeared on the surface. Then a spider...large and wicked...a woman's face. Dean. Dean...face resigned to his fate. No... "Goddess...please..." The candles flared and went out. Then nothing.
