“No, I don’t. I just-- I don’t want to ruin things. You don’t have to do this only to have me forgive you.”
Sherlock’s mouth opens around more appropriate vocabulary but no sound comes out. His gaze flickers over John’s face but everything he is able to determine is that John is telling him the truth. He huffs in exasperation and annoyance.
John is in Donovan’s chair in the next room, Sherlock can see him through the glass front separating the offices. A quick peek onto the computer screen tells him John is browsing through the web and editing a case on his blog because Mike Stamford has asked for links on different types of Indian headgear. It’s been a case Sherlock has solved three weeks ago. John has a smile tucked into the corners of his mouth and after defending Sherlock’s honour once again against a clearly aggravated Sally Donovan, thus smartly making everyone within earshot snigger into either their hands or files. Sherlock deduces it won’t leave within the immediate future.
Shocked into rigidness once again Sherlock states at him as he realizes that not only has John entangled their miscommunication but also has just gone and made a move that is essentially irrevocable; a move he couldn’t know the outcome of. The amount of amazement and stunned surprise that hits him a moment later is breathtaking and, abruptly, Sherlock feels unable to catch his breath. With the determination of a man who willfully steps onto a frozen lake without any means to know whether the ice will hold or break and let him drown John has made a move so brave that Sherlock can only stare. A small immanent part in his mind revolts and suspects deception, manipulation, but, a moment later, Sherlock finds confirmation in John’s whispered confession.
“Yeah… that sounds… weird, coming from you, Greg,” he said before clearing his throat.
Sherlock hates them all with a force that is nearly all-consuming. The mere thought that John could have been one of them - sharing a small table overlooking a small park in the back of a restaurant, a candle between him and a beautiful female. Sharing desert. Strolling through the park afterwards, holding hands. Kissing in the dark.
Sherlock shifts and skims a hand over the fabric at John’s pectorals, because his body demands it.
The next two days are blissfully busy and Sherlock doesn’t sleep at all, barely eats but it finally seems like it’s paying off now. The body of the young male found in the sewers, bloated from lying in the water, serious cuts all over its torso, a head indention the likely fatal wound, proved to be the young woman’s boyfriend and Molly was able to determine a vague time frame for his death though it was hard to tell with the state the body was in. Sherlock kept himself thoroughly occupied with searching for the elusive Tina Ripley, interrogating her family and that of her boyfriend and had uncovered that both had been to a dance club with a certain reputation down at the Thames the night they had vanished.
Mrs. Hudson didn’t seem to notice his confusion, though.
Sherlock gave John’s face a quick look-over.
John buried his hand likewise into Sherlock’s trousers and enveloped his cock while determinedly pushing Sherlock backwards with his full weight. Sherlock was gasping and trembling underneath him and John couldn’t get enough of him now. His lips roamed Sherlock’s face, throat, pulse point and collarbones, his teeth grazing Sherlock’s hot skin and when Sherlock leaned back onto one elbow, his fingers straining to remain in John’s pants, John slid down onto him to scatter urgent kisses all over his chest. Sherlock trembled deliciously, his fingers lost their grip and came up to stroke the sides of John’s waist instead. John couldn’t mourn the loss of their touch, though, because if Sherlock was really willing to give himself to him, John would take proper care of him first, give him everything and deny him nothing. Provide the perfect sensation. His heart did that odd lurching thing again. Apart from all the things he could imagine doing that Sherlock would allow him to do with him, he wanted to make him feel comfortable and cherished and save and…
"Have you eaten anything today, Sherlock?" he asked and Sherlock snapped out of his frenzy.
“You were gone and didn’t bother the wreckage you left me in. I didn’t know you had so much cruelty in you to let me watch you die.”
Sherlock looks up, eyes scanning the flat in a quick flicker.
“Yes, I am okay, I had a dream— didn’t want to scare you.”
Sherlock stalls and glares for another few seconds, but John is already charming a waitress into clearing them a table and, just on cue, his treacherous stomach rumbles.
"Googled her."
“How do you know they will? I haven’t seen anyone here so far.”
The man laughed viciously, oblivious to John’s inner turmoil.
Maybe Sherlock didn’t know what to do, either. Maybe it was true what Mycroft had implied once, that Sherlock was a complete stranger to any kind of intimate contact.
“Let’s go home?” he proposes and takes half a step backwards to turn down the path leading them to Baker Street. Sherlock lets himself be tugged along, their eyes meeting every few seconds and while their strides gradually pick up pace, the buzz in Sherlock’s guts picks up simultaneously and he wonders if his rather innocent fantasies about John will be overwritten with something more tactile tonight, something less innocent once they reach their flat.
Sherlock fumes internally and rakes both hands through his hair, because who in his right mind has the gall to
“Stop maundering and go be useless some place else. But before show me the body.”
He felt utterly shattered when he awoke in the early afternoon, head and heart hurting and asked for tranquillizers.
Trapping Sherlock’s hand neatly between their waists.
It was time to face his situation for what it truly was: an utter mess. It wasn’t that he regretted kissing Sherlock, showing him what was inside of him, even though parts of him wondered exactly when Sherlock Holmes had become a romantic issue in the first place. After all, at that moment it had happened he’d sincerely doubted they would live to tell the tale, anyway. John smirked, seeing the irony in it. As a matter of fact, it must have been quite visible in the past weeks for everybody who looked a bit closer. As people around them had, he reminded himself. That insight along with the fact that he hadn’t been able to see it for what it was, confused him tremendously. He wondered if Sherlock had seen it and if it had had affected his behaviour towards John.
Sherlock’s expression was utterly helpless but he’d never looked more lovable and enticing than in this moment. Both John's chest and trousers were suddenly too tight to bear.
It's first and foremost his eyes that make all the difference in his demeanor, Sherlock muses, and the way they blaze with light, how they sparkle when John gets enthusiastic. It changes his whole expression and makes him look far younger than his years. The change is utterly striking.
“Yes, but I-“ Molly chips in but Sherlock dismisses her with an impatient wave of his hand. She immediately quietens.
John refused to react to this remark but his heart was beating treacherously all of a sudden and his hand that wasn’t holding his coffee cup curled into a tight fist.
It stung, Sherlock working on a case without him. John was feeling increasingly insecure when their conversation went on.
he can start solving the mystery of
John, having raised his glass himself, fought a heavy giggling fit seeing Sherlock stop in his tracks and give the D.I. a sarcastic look.
Sherlock swallows and hopes his face doesn’t give anything away.
“You don’t actually happened to have come across my phone as well? It’s always so tedious getting a device that isn’t instantly hacked by your department. I really thought that for once I was giving them quite a hard time.”
Sherlock’s voice tumbles to nothing much more than a deep whisper, a simple breath of air carrying John’s name out into the silent lab. His spine starts tingling deliciously and he wonders why John hasn’t stepped away yet and brought a safe distance between them. It all doesn’t make any sense but Sherlock, for the life of him, cannot move a single muscle. He feels a bit like a satellite out of the orbit. He can only stare, slightly drunk and out of his wits, because,
“Wait, Sherlock-- You told me to call you in a case of 9 and I thought…”
John had made breakfast the next morning and Sherlock is unusually awake at 8:30am. They’d spent a very nice evening at Angelo’s yesterday. Even though the restaurant had been quite crowded and John’s knees had bumped his under the table several times, Sherlock had a really good time. John had called him
“I am not…”
“Please, John,” Sherlock scoffs, but the warmth pooling in his belly is rather enthusiastic about the idea. “A shared bath, really? How… romantic of you.”
“I recall myself saying that I stopped lying to you, John,” he heard Sherlock say. From his position John was for once taller than Sherlock and when he finally fixated him again, Sherlock was looking up at him, a concerned but honest look in his eyes.
It takes about two seconds to tear off the outer paper, another three seconds to open the box and Sherlock plunges his hands into Styrofoam chips. “Oh.” No matter what turns out to be in this box Sherlock is already enjoying himself tremendously.
“Sherlock, I want to talk about- Oh, Inspector,” she says and smiles uncertainly, her eyes darting between the three of them, assessing the situation and coming up worried. “I haven’t finished with the body, the last test results haven’t come in yet.”
“But you know, there is something I was wondering about, Sherlock, and I would be very happy to receive your answer.”
and that leg, after having perched on the hard stool for three hours straight, has gone a bit numb. In his guts, the desperate buzz throbs noticeably.
Internal conviction notwithstanding, Sherlock’s eyes follow John to the kitchen, as they always do since John has moved back into Baker Street. Too late he realizes John has yet to answer his two questions.
Sherlock’s next words practically dripped of sarcasm.
“As appealing as your deduction skills sometimes are, John, I am quite sure by now that you are very much aware of the fact that you are more. A lot more.”
He sighs comfortably and resorts back to evaluative thinking. Chances are he may not be able to fall back into oblivious slumber again or to get his mind in lines proper and appropriate to solve a murder case but to lie here, to hold John and watch him sleep, to be close is just more than fine. In fact, it is by all means worth keeping still and listening to the bedside alarm tick towards morning.
Sherlock succumbed.
Sherlock nods and lifts one hand in reassurance.
Pop culture.
It feels amazing. The beat is everywhere in his body and after a moment he lets loose and twirls again, twice, his eyes fixed on the window sill for balance, his leg bent, foot nearly touching the kneecap of his left leg, his head in the rhythm, his body firm and yet flexible. It's been too much time to be bold and go
,” John clarifies sharply, emphasizing the word, “is, unfortunately, otherwise occupied.”
is my perfect evening, Sherlock,” John whispers against his lips when they part. The doctor is short of breath and his eyes flicker over Sherlock’s face, no doubt gauging his reaction. They are still standing very close; John has tugged their locked hands between them and holds them pressed to his chest. His left thumb caresses the knuckles of Sherlock right hand, while John’s other arm rests around Sherlock’s shoulder, palm flat against his neck. Holding, not pinning him in place.
“I have been a dire threat to your life, John. Forgive me for not telling you, for leaving you. I’m-- you are everything and if you let me, I’ll never leave you again. I’ll be by your side.”
______________________________________
Thanx, as always because it is highly deserved, to my dauntless beta-reader Kisa.
He’s demonstratively glaring at the bloke on his right as the tube arrives at the next station and an elbow crashes into his ribs. Out of the corner of his eyes he sees John glance at him. It is instantly distracting and Sherlock immediately forgets his sore rib. John is standing rather close to him to his left in the full compartment but not as close as would make Sherlock feel uncomfortable. John’s consideration towards him truly is admirable. He might ignore John’s personal space whenever he sees fit but that doesn’t mean he’s okay with the other man invading his. Usually. It feels wholly different today.
“Why wouldn’t we go to Bart’s, their chemical equipment is much better than what I have here.”
“I shall explain the details to you in due time. I left the wooden box in my room for you to find,” he rushed on when everything John could do was open his mouth and close it again a few times in silence.
“I’ve bought you a bloody Valentine’s present, Sherlock, “John whispers and tightens his hand around Sherlock’s. “Surely that should tell you what you’re so obviously missing.”
“We’re going to Bart’s,” Sherlock announces, a complete non-sequitur, and immediately starts to wrap up the foxglove into the remains of its box.
He desperately needs to focus and John will be back tomorrow afternoon. All is well and Sherlock is fighting a hard battle to keep himself detached and in a state of mind where he can actually function.
“Would you mind walking back home?” John asks, softly, “It’s not too far and I’ve eaten rather a lot.”
His mood is dwindling rapidly. He can feel a strop coming and makes a mental note to text Mycroft and complain about sports in general and about the fact in particular that the surveillance system his older brother has undoubtedly spun around him has been unable to provide him with an appropriate ride home today from yet another crime scene.
Noticing his awkwardness, John pulls him flush to his chest, nuzzling his jaw and as the first graze of sharp teeth pulls at the delicate flesh under his ear where his scarf has been pushed out of the way, Sherlock lifts his head, a deep moan rumbling through his throat. John groans and presses a soothing kiss on the teased flesh before coming back to his mouth.
Sherlock didn't return the grin. "Yes we need for the daycare to look after Rosie while we go and solve a murder where a woman, I think, was brutally-"
"What the bloody hell is going on? I have the anecdote let me the fuck through!" Sherlock shouted as he pushed Mycroft who was a tad stunned.
"And so he waltzed into victim number two's house-"
"You think it would be that simple for you to leave after you 'deduced' me? Oh no, Sherlock, you haven't been playing by my games so I will not be playing anymore of yours. Maria, turn it on."
Sherlock cautiously walked over and held John's hand with a blush. "I don't want to talk to 'Greg,' he's annoying. Why don't I go with you?"
John quickly sat back down with a scowl, totally hiding his soft laughter at this playful Sherlock who was now laughing hysterically.
John returned the smile and nodded. "Will do, Joan!"
-------------------------------------(back to pain land)-----------------------------------------------------------
"He stole that antidote for you and left her to die."
John froze as he said 'our.' What did he mean by that? 'Our.' Yes he meant himself and of course Mrs. Hudson, as well as his dead wife.... but then there's Sherlock. idiotic, brave, funny, and odd Sherlock. John blinked and breathed out, his breathing finally calming with the attack.
The minute Sherlock slammed open the door, he saw Mycroft and Greg pressing down on his chest and performing CPR.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and muttered something about John being a 'muppet' before walking over to the dead body. John put his hands in his pockets and approached the two men.
John frowned at that comment and put down his food. “Love? What about it?”
Sherlock swallowed and this was the first time John saw him nervous. "Well, she asked for more. I told her it's a bad idea but she gave me an offer and I took it. I will not go into the offer so do not ask me. But she took a couple of grams from me and went to work. That's all I know."
"Why are you following me?"
John stopped at the look of panic on Maria's face and laughed awkwardly. "Sorry sorry that was too extreme."
Sherlock looked at John with a look of fond disgust. "I did not such thing I just realized they were doing it wrong!"
Greg looked up and cleared his throat. "Well it's another woman and this time it's gotten weirder.... you probably know her, actually. She went by Susan?"
Greg let out a low chuckle and stole a glance over at him. "Well since you owe me $40, I suppose I can let you take me to dinner."
"No.... no there can't be- there has to be another potion; she wouldn't make it that obvious." Greg said, his eyebrows stuck in disbelief. "I am not going to just sit here and watch one of you... I can't even say it."
They were all cut off by a sharp and repeated knocking at the door.
"GOOD."
They got to the sing along and John felt out of place. He watched as only mothers entered the buildings with their children.
"Greg. But regardless, you are involved in a crime scene, not surprised that you forgot as usual. But you went into a meeting yesterday to see if the killer is the actual killer and it turns out she is. We went to the lab and ran some tests on the gas mask you managed to grab as well as the antidote that you took and both had traces of her fingertips and when we went to the meeting we saw the ventilators, the medicine, everything. She's being held right now down at the station for murder and everything else. We have to figure out who gave her the medication in the first place but that is more difficult... any of that ring any bells or are you just helpless to us at the moment?"
"Come on Rosie isn't this fun?" John said as he tapped along the piano.
Sherlock narrows his eyes again. "I'm not giving up that easily. She started this fire and I'm going to extinguish it."
Mycroft just smiled as his antics and calmly smoked his cigar. "Well she should be arrested for one other thing."
"Cancel it, I'm not going to sing nursery rhymes to a bunch of dumb, small children without you." Sherlock said with distaste.
"Sherlock, no, I'm sorry I didn't believe you but I remember it now. I remember it all and I am going to head home and won't remember again and I am stuck in a cycle but now you're in it and I am sorry I put  you in this situation." He sobbed out.
"Sherlock." John warned.
HOLY GUACAMOLE! Okay. So. Ima apologize. I'm so so so so so so so so sorry that I haven't posted since JULY. You guys have asked for more and the comments brighten my day. I smile so wide when I read them and it gives me life so please keep reviewing and leaving kudos. I love this story and finally have time to continue it so thank you very much for your patience, you all are my inspiration and reason to continue so thank you again!
"I am not attacking anyone but we are going to BE attacked if we do not leave-"
John quickly grabbed a beer and took a large gulp. "Um, please tell me that isn't true."
John traced his eyes across the detectives face with a knowing smirk. "Yeah you were."
--------------------------
"Well that could've gone... worse." Greg muttered as he looked down at his phone. "However you can talk to Sherlock after Joan has her interrogation... which is now so unless you want her to win against the authorities, I would use as much information you got from Sherlock and get your ass in there."
HOLD ON.
Right at that moment, Greg had opened the door and only saw Sherlock pointing at a bored Mycroft and shout the words 'I love you.'
As Sherlock opened his mouth to respond, his phone rang. "Hello?"
Joan stares back at him but remains silent. John clears his throat and walks over the door where Greg is waiting. He opens the door and John quickly exits, his brow furrowed and jaw clenched. He walked over to the window and stared at Joan, side by side with Sherlock.
The woman nodded before coughing. "Wait one more thing.... this John you're saving..... you make sure you protect him.... with everything you have and love him.... because it takes a hell of a man... to take another life for another.... treat him well, boy, treat him like he is a bloody treasure...."
Sherlock was quiet for a couple minutes as he scanned John's face then turned back to Joan, his face telling her to watch her back. He turned back to John and slowly walked over until they were nose to nose.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned to speak softly to John. "Why don't you go put her down and I'll rock her to sleep? Rosie, daddy will be there in a moment alright?"
Maria laughed again. "Okay anyways so after the meditation, Joan sends us back to our homes and let's us just think you know? And go through our everyday life struggles and usually I pass out and wake up and feel great! Sometimes I wake up and I had broken something from passing out but it's okay because I'm fine afterwards but it's nerve wracking cause I feel deep down that something bad is happening but her organic herbs are just wonderful."
"I call it waste of money."
"Well... bloody hell that was rude! I'm sorry Greg he doesn't really-"
Aha. Sherlock smirked to himself as John, Greg, and Mycroft shared a confused look.
"John we will be okay-"
John's eyes widened as he realized Sherlock Holmes was kissing him. Before he could either A. Return the kiss or B. Push him away, Sherlock pulled back and sighed.
Mycroft frowned and gave Greg another $20. "Can you two knock it off for at least until you get home so I don't continue giving out my money as if Greg is a stripper?"
That was just one of Greg's examples of how he knew deep down John and Sherlock had a relationship that wasn't just 'best friend' material..... but he wasn't complaining cause he got $60 that week. Sure, they would act as they normally would around colleagues and during cases but as soon as they felt nobody looked there would be secret smiles and comments about Rosie.
Everything stopped at that. John froze, Sherlock was trying to control his breathing and most likely Mycroft was knowing about this and therefore giving Greg a $20 bill. John blinked in confusion and searched Sherlock's face for any sign of lying or even intoxication. Sherlock Holmes doesn't experience love, hell he doesn't experience emotion in general, really.
"No, let me talk." John said. "I need you to hear this.... I understand what you did, I don't accept what you did and I still am slightly angry but if you were in the same position I would've done the exact same. Death is a serious topic for me as it probably is for anyone. But I have dealt with death, Sherlock, more so than you realize. It's my past, present, and probably future..... but the thing is I want YOU in my future. You're kind, stern, sarcastic, brilliant, annoying at times, and you never fail to make me very alert at every goddamn second; but I love it. When I said you weren't normal, I was angry. It wasn't what I thought. Besides, normal is overrated isn't it? I spend time in the army and I dealt with a lot of 'normal,' and you are one of a kind. I suppose what I'm trying to say to you, is that I love you. I consider you family, I always have. I talked to Mrs. Hudson on the phone because I haven't been with Rosie for so long and I miss her like you wouldn't believe- wait, yes you would. She told me what you called her, the stories you told, the way you loved her when I wasn't around.... and for that? I am forever grateful, and I would be honored if you became part of our family.... do you forgive me, Sherlock?"
Sherlock turned to his partner in crime and raised the potion sassily. "Cheers."
"Fuck." Sherlock swore as he scooped John up in his arms.
Shaking her head and cuddling Rosie to her chest and sighed. "Your father's are something else, aren't they Rosie?"
"Sir are you ok?"
Sherlock inhales deeply and rips himself free before storming back behind the glass as Greg shows John into the room. The door shuts and Sherlock glances at the window, not seeing anyone's faces but knowing that they see his. John shifted his gaze to Joan who was staring at him with slight fascination.
Sherlock coughed harshly causing Mycroft to flinch slightly. "Yes she would be that obvious. She knows she has been caught and figured I would tell everybody where she was located. Not only that but she openly used her name. It was all just a show, she told me it was Natural Selection. But honestly you would think that she would've been more careful around ME."
Mycroft rolled his eyes. "Suck it up and accept the nightmares. Now," he cleared his throat and did a higher pitched voice. "Sherlock I'm home! hello Sherlock I'm still pissed at you."
Now Story notes: I like Joan's character but I want to build on it. The next chapter isn't focused as much on Johnlock but rather Joan's character and why she did this. Also as you can tell, john and Sherlock made up. They are gonna bring it up probably once more later on just because they want to be stable especially cause they have a child to raise now but yeah!!! If you have ANY IDEAS PLEASE COMMENT THEM OR SEND ME A MESSAGE VIA TUMBLR! Thx!
Sherlock was hesitant but slowly kneeled next to her. "What is it? I can't give you this because my... John is in trouble and I need to save his life."
"Kat Grinly: arrested for not having a prescription for the drug 'ketamine'" John spoke out loud as he looked and saw several side effects.
"- or they seem to have lost their lives in unforeseen incidents. But I can guarantee that this place is simply for the guidance of those who need it in raising a child."
John's eyes immediately lost that playful gleam as he sighed. "And to think we were going to have another moment after days on end..... Anyways what do you need to know? I don't know what's going on either."
To be continued :0
"Oh no." Sherlock spoke as he sat down. "I, no but."
Sherlock cleared his throat and awkwardly eyed all the other mothers before looking back over at John. "Well I may want to explain more..... privately?"
"Well I personally can't stop you but I can always tell dear John, no not the movie but oh that made me cry, that there is another meeting tonight and he can go to it if he wants to."
Sherlock cocked his eyebrow. "What do you mean? Aren't husbands supposed to share intimate moments such as those to make their daughter more lovable?"
Joan cocked her head in confusion. "Oh I know about that. But John, I'm talking about something else. Sherlock you can tell your husband or I can just as easily spit it out."
He chuckles in response. "Ah the dollar bill. Well I started that trend because I thought it would be funny as your relationship is so American to Greg and I."
'Oh! And let the girls at the daycare know that training is at 5-8!'
John chuckled. "I don't know get some evidence and discuss with Greg about the scene."
"Not that type of law you idiotic specimen," Sherlock hissed out. "The law of Natural Selection. Just like Joan and her reason for killing the people in the meetings-"
Greg flicked his eyes to John and sighed. "You got a half hour max. I'll bullshit what I know while you go find your lover."
A darkness waded into Sherlock's eyes as he looked away from Greg and instead at the very interesting fire place. "I don't know. Everything seems very confusing right now... I mean I killed someone for him and I don't have the, dare I say it, heart to tell him. He will despise me."
"Sherlock are you sure-"
"No I understand; you're a medical doctor. You save lives, make people better. I don't do that john. I don't mean to do it on purpose, I just do what I think will help both of us. If I leave you be and give you the space that you need after I do something terrible in your mind, then you will be happy and safe."
"Mrs. Hudson?" John whispered.
Sherlock's facade crumbled slightly as he leaned forward and captured John's lips in his own. John smiled into it with victory as he carefully pulled Sherlock to the point where he was basically straddling him. The kiss started getting more heated as Sherlock's hands seem to have found a way under his shirt causing a blushing Greg to nudge Mycroft who was just staring amused.
Mycroft frowned and pinched the bridge of his nose. "Even though John hates it when you do drugs? Well Sherlock for one thing you should know that randomly kissing people is not a very good strategy at getting people you want-"
John sighed in defeat and just smiled awkwardly. "Yes thank you."
"Mycroft-"
Joan laughed. "That's great! Everybody always knew the two of you were a couple! And now even raising a daughter, you two moved fast didn't ya?"
Mycroft shrugs and turns around with a smirk. "Speaking of your American, here he comes now."
Sherlock shrugged. "That part I am still a little dazed about but most likely yes. It's interesting, the human species need to have Natural Selection. It doesn't make sense that humans have this strong urge to cast out anything that isn't considered normal but yet we all do things that aren't normal. For example I analyze bodies and find killers to put it vaguely and I am a high functioning sociopath. But yet people rely on me for solving cases that their small brains cannot interpret.  However as soon as somebody comes out as a homosexual or anything in that general area, it is considered not normal. And Joan, in a way is doing the exact thing. She tries to kill me or John so that the two of us are out of the equation, the equation for success in exposing the crimes of those not worthy for selection. Her whole plan is to just select those to create an army. Imagine it Grayson, an army of those who are trained in killing those that slow down their process. Can you imagine how much greater the world can be with no weaklings or powers of authority? But again, this is just a guess."
"Not yet, she's stubborn as a mule...."
---------------------
He kept his phone in his pocket as he began to inspect the photos of the scene in a hurry. Check the items they were holding and everything else that was part of it. Aha, there it is. In the photo where Sherlock took the picture standing in the hallway with clear access to the window, there were a bunch of papers littered across the kitchen table. Quickly moving to the next photo of the dead girlfriend, there's a picture of her purse. It's unzipped and inside there's a folded piece of paper. Sherlock smirked to himself as he finally went to Susan's photo. There's yet another purse with a folded paper inside. It's all coming together. Pressing his fingers to his temples, he felt himself be pulled into his mind palace as images and moments flew through his head. Suddenly he was back to when John and Sherlock were leaving the meeting after they made up.
John let himself chuckle but even that felt forced as his attack still thumped against his chest as if to say 'hi John I'm still here ya bastard.' "We.... we had a fight but I want to handle it my own... Can I talk to Rosie?"
"You are such an idiotic genius." John whispered before gripping Sherlock's scarf and pulling him forward to connect their lips.
"Can't do that, he's watching Rosie."
Sherlock looked up at John and frowned. "Well if we are following the other common symptoms of the lesbian couple that died who both had worked at the daycare, they used Ketamine therefore slowing down any part in their body that would cause all sorts of self defense to be destroyed. Then they were murdered by our mysterious person and left for dead at their home. Everything is in common, the daycare, the feeling of being watched, but now we have Susan who I guarantee was not given any Ketamine from me."
Mycroft nodded along. "Well she knows, most likely, that if she hurts John Watson, Sherlock Holmes will for sure be following in a way of revenge. You're a very possessive boy, Sherlock."
The next morning, John went out to the daycare and began asking questions. First he had Susan.
-------------
"No no, we have to head down or people will wonder what's taking so long." John said as he pushed Sherlock off of him with a sly smile.
Sherlock looked over and saw John with the look of 'say one more thing and I will personally make you a murder victim.' "Sorry my apologies. This is Rosie Watson."
Sherlock, however, was not going down without a fight. "I am leaving you alone. You, on the other hand, are not following in the agreement you bestowed upon me because you, John Watson, have followed me here on your own accord. So if I may ask again, why are you here when I said not to go?"
Susan slowly looked up and John swore he saw a glint in her eye. "Well a week or so ago, she gave me the name of a chemist who I had been looking for and I finally found the person and it turns out they were exactly who I needed! So just give her a hello and thank you, okay John?"
"Because I CARE about you." Sherlock spoke lowly.
"Please.... help......." the woman whispered, her fingers stretching for her purse.
John nodded and suddenly froze. It's being ventilated and John is in the room. Shit.
"John I can't stop don't you get it? With this power of making people crumble at my finger tips, oh it's wonderful John! All the people here in my grasp and I could kill any of you, and nobody would know until the police found your body. Wanna know how I kill them John, do you? It's quite simple actually. John you don't realize it but you've been here for two hours. The meeting stared at 5 and it's 7 right now. One more hour and your body will not be able to handle this much of a drug in your body. Overdose is so simple John. But here's the trick. I have hidden antidotes in a pocket of every person here, except for one. All of you go home and when you feel the sudden fiery feeling in your chest as all the oxygen leaves your body and you're begging for mercy, when suddenly you feel something in your pocket. It is the one thing to save you. The person takes it and passes out. They wake up and do not remember a thing and carry on with everything else. It's a cycle John. A cycle of elimination. Natural selection at its finest. Somebody here is not worthy of time or any of its essence and isn't a person worthy for society. Society needs change, John, and it has to be done by people motivated to do so. But then there's others who care more about their job than family. So when they're struggling for breath as they go through a heart attack or their lungs have had enough, they try to find anything to stop it but it's too late. They can't find any medicine and drop dead, oxygen left in their fingers from trying to find that last drop of hope. So, John Watson, let's hope you have your own personal drop of hope left in you, ay?"
"What the bloody hell-" Greg began.
"Hello Greg." Mycroft said with a chuckle as he walked towards him. "I never said hello as we were too busy worrying over my brother's boyfriend."
Mycroft rolled his eyes and put it away before locking eyes with Sherlock. "You were saying?"
--------------------------------
"Here's for everything." Sherlock whispered as he handed him a 20, and walked out the door.
Sherlock narrows his eyes. "I made the drug, yes, but YOU changed the chemical alignment! You said so yourself."
"John I am so sorry but I will fix this." Sherlock whispered, holding John's hand.
Sherlock whirled around to glare at Mycroft at that last one but as smart as he was, he completely forgot about everything that was happening. The parent night, calling Rosie 'our,' referring to themselves as the Holmes family....
Mycroft wrinkled his nose. "Please I don't know how to do it but I can at least give you tips. Here, I'll be John and you talk to me as if I was him."
"Sherlock he stopped breathing 30 seconds ago." Greg nearly whispered as he saw flashing lights for an ambulance.
Sherlock shook his head and panted as Mycroft soaked a towel and tried to cool down his brother's burning skin. "Don't worry...."
John was silent for a minute as he just stared ahead of him. "I know what I have to do..."
The activities started pretty fast and the next step was team building activities between different parents. Since sherlock and John came together, they automatically were partners.
Sherlock didn't know where to look. John was too ill to be asked questions and by the looks of his state and the amount of drugs in his system was dangerous so he had to hurry. He wracked his brain for one of the daycare employees because they must have had been there or maybe even a parent. Sherlock froze and remembered the woman from their first parent meeting. He remembered that flash of jealousy-
Mycroft sighed and patted Sherlock's shoulder. "Good luck with John. Oh and you may want this."
"If she was at the daycare, maybe the poison was attached to her and is now on us but we don't realize it. I looked at a witness report who was a friend of this now dead woman and she also had the feeling she was being stalked for the past couple of days and would ask to be walked home. Now tell me, John, the previous woman who was murdered, what did she say and what was common with her dead body?" Sherlock said, now pacing in circles around John.
Sherlock's eyes brightened and swiftly appeared at John. "Oh just this."
'Girls at the daycare'
-------------------
"I don't caress." Sherlock snapped. "John is different. He's my-"
He knew Sherlock wouldn't be home, so John grabbed the phone and dialed a number for an Indian restaurant as the two men quite enjoyed that type of food. Yes, at the moment he was ignoring the fact that Sherlock locked lips with a pining John because he just didn't understand what to do, most likely due to a sexuality crisis but who knows these days. He heard Rosie downstairs giggling as Mrs. Hudson entertained her. It was quite funny, actually, because Mrs. Hudson began to demand to have time with Rosie, even if the two men weren't busy. Checking the clock, the time read out 8 p.m. And it was beginning to be odd that Sherlock wasn't home. A half hour later, John was beginning to put the now cold dinners away when Sherlock barged in through the door.
Sherlock at this point was just ignoring Mycroft and finally grabbed his coat. "Alright, I'll go talk to him. We will work this out and I'll see how he feels."
He scrunched his nose up and casted a glance at Mycroft who just nodded quickly. "No John I can't, I do not know what happened when you were at Joan's meeting but I'll be able to deduce what happened just by the scrunched up collar of your shirt from being roughly manhandled by a woman, most likely Joan. But for now you are going to hospital and get yourself checked out."
<< It's like a stab, doctor. I feel it strong here and then it radiates from all sides, taking my breath away >>.
<< What? >> Sherlock asks.
<< Why do I love rugby and share pints of beer on Friday nights? >> play down John. Greg chuckles and shakes his head.
<< Yes, honey >> confirms Margaret and William raises happy his arms to the  sky.
<< Why? >>.
<< I knew you wouldn't give up >> Sherlock chuckles, shaking his hand << Nothing good, unfortunately >> sighs appearing even more tired. << It is such a big thing that I don't even know if it can really be stopped >>.
She looks at him for a long time, hiser face expressionless and her large arms firm at her sides.
<< No >> Sherlock says, moving away from John. << I need to distract myself. Just give me a moment >>.
<< No! >> mumbles the consultant by moving his arms weakly.
<< Don't be too harsh on yourself, John. We are here and we will do something. If it were also to break the balls to Hataway to the point of giving us a snowcat and sending us out there, not caring about the tragic consequences of our crazy gesture >> chuckles and John joins him. John thought he would feel relieved that the detective hadn't grasped what he was really referring to with that sentence. Instead, another sigh escapes him.
The excavator, stopped for several days, looks like an old snow-white dinosaur, which is looking forward to being able to move to shake snow off. Before it was put into forced rest the excavator had dug a hole of considerable size and depth. An excellent job that had brought to light something exceptional. To see it, however, it seems that he doesn't give a damn. The excavator is only interested in being able to shake away the snow from the rusty joints and go back to attacking the freezing earth.
<< Yes, Billy, I  struggle too to accept that nothing ever escapes to him >> says John, chuckling. << Let's see the war wounds, soldier! >>.
<< You know me >> chuckles John, relieved at the idea of not having to venture alone among those ruthless and icy mountains.
The consultant gives him a furious glance which the doctor has no problem with.
<< Nudes >>.
Sherlock lays his lips on him and involves John in a passionate kiss, capable of taking his breath away. John strokes Sherlock's thin body with his hands. With each touch Sherlock sighs, biting his lips. When Sherlock starts stroking John's back with those big, strong hands, John is forced to catch his breath.
<< Good evening >> wishes Sherlock, again kidnapped by the new song that the boy is intoning.
<< Well, you are an ex soldier, it seemed to me the least to honor your past in your first undercover experience >> he says and then bring a hand to caress the fake beard, while studying it carefully. << Come with me, come on >>.
The director nods and seems to give the idea of wanting to add something. However, he decides to leave it alone.
Sherlock nods and a smile drawning on his lips. He turns his gaze to Morgan and he barks happy, already sensing what the next move will be.
<< All those people >> she repeats tonelessly, returning expressionless.
John knows all this well. If in these four days someone had given him a penny for each sigh, to date he would have put away a fair amount of money. He took care of a lot of Sherlock's scratches and bruises within the intimate walls of their apartment. He would have liked to take care of him personally even here, at the West Cumberland Hospital where Sherlock was urgently transported. Obviously, hospital staff he did not allow it.
<< Do you think Moriarty is behind all this? >> Mycroft always asks with that smile on his lips.
<< Stop it with these bullshit! She would have thrown herself from the balcony of the library if it hadn't been for your intervention >> insists Greg holding him tight.
<< My grandfather always played 'Molly Malone'
<< The only thing they have in common is that drawing >> notes Sherlock. He closing his eyes again.
<< I was just the umpteenth notch on the belt, then. All right. Okay so >> he whispered and then get up, wrapped in the blanket, and shut himself in the bathroom. John stayed for hours waiting for him to get out of there. Hours marked by the active shower of the tub. The hot water must have been long ended, yet Sherlock did not seem to want to get out from under the jet.
Sherlock has just finished shortening the jacket sleeves when the doctor returns to the room. The consultant is surprised at the work John has done: a dark hair with very natural red highlights, with a youthful hairstyle.
<< I want to at least try >>.
In the distance, he hears the submissive tone of the woman's voice, who defends herself by saying she does not understand why they are arresting her. John must make an effort to shut her out of his mind and focus on the investigations, instead of jumping at her throat.
<< Sit down! >> the guard orders her, pointing to the chair, before going to the wall she leans against. Mary does not carry out the order. She approaches the chair but remains standing, hrt eyes fixed on John.
John must admit that Sherlock is not entirely wrong. When he was a soldier he never had a problem walking through his dormitory in his underwear. At the time, however, he had a few pounds less and was much more toned and young. Despite annoying him, he realizes that this is exactly what prevents him from showing himself naked in front of Sherlock, that is thin and in great shape.
<< In May. The 20th. She wants the sun to be there >> he says.  << You will be able to walk, you will see >> she says and her face changes completely, assuming a childish and joyful expression. << I wish you to have many beautiful children, with blond hair like yours and these fantastic eyes >> she says, placing his hand on the knee of Sherlock's healthy leg. He does not like having only the thin layer of the raw cotton sheet and the felted blanket to separate him from this woman's wet hand.
Sherlock wakes up in a sweat and with shortness of breath. A nightmare. He had a terrible and so real nightmare. Lost in the storm. Surrounded by wolves. Cornered and attacked. Wolves's white teeth sank into the flesh of his right leg. He lays his hand on it, happy to feel it whole. The pain, however, persists unchanged. He looks up at the IV and realizes that the morphine is over. With its end pain came.
<< Hey, what are you doing? >> asks John, seeing him unbutton his trousers.
<< It is since Silver died that things have gone wrong >> the child whispers, so slowly that Greg is forced to kneel next to John and Sherlock to hear him.
<< Two days? >>. John looks at the date on the clock radio and can't believe he slept so much. << You just went to bed, I guess >>.
Mary knots in a convulsive way the ugly braid that she has been made today and that falls on her shoulder .
<< If I'm not the one to ruin your reputation, who is it? >> Sherlock presses John, going against him.
<< Hey, calm down, John. I used the wrong words, sorry. Is that ... Jesus, I did not expect such a thing, be patient! >>.
<< John? >>.
<< This time I did it. That's no good? >> burst Sherlock nervously.
<< You saw what is happen to Greg and he is just ... my pusher of cases >>.
<< Suicide >> he says gravely. << It happened about ten hours ago. She does not seem to have taken any drugs or alcohol, but only an autopsy will be able to confirm everything >> he stands up with a glance at the consultant.
Morgan jumps on the bed barking. He grew a lot in these three months and his paws are not more such cute balls, but real uncontrolled weapons. The crazy thing that is their dog nibbles their elbows and pulls away the sheet. His personal way to say them that is time to get up.
<< Mary! >> repeats, while the heart beats hard in the chest.
<< In your opinion? >>.
<< You know, Mary, rents in London are expensive. It happens that people who do not know each other find themselves sharing an apartment to split the rent >> intervenes Hataway, who does not seem surprised at all by the woman's attitude. Mary, however, seems not to have heard it. To be honest, she give the idea of having become a huge, gigantic statue. John glances at the inspector who notes of the strangeness of that stillness.
<< Hey, up there! >>.
<< Yes >> the man answers. << The weather alert is such that even the snow sweepers have been called up. People have been invited for four days to stay indoors. We got used, Dr. Watson. I thought your friend had been a fool, but seeing you I realize that he wasnt' the only! >>.
<< I am pleased, John, but we are not preparing for the witches' night >>.
<< Do you realize how your selfish need to satisfy your ego by accumulating promotions has brought your daughter into the arms of similar criminals? >> Margaret shouts, inveighing against Greg. << You are absolutely the worst father on earth, Gregory! >>.
<< It cannot have fallen on impact. Sherlock is methodical, he would never put a suitcase in a place other than a luggage rack >>.
<< I wouldn't have been involved if it weren't >>.
<< It could be anything. Byron may have a heart attack, but he may still be caught in the whirlwind of passion just consumed >>.
The phone vibrates in the pocket of the bathrobe and interrupts his sighs.
<< I don't feel well, yes >> he admits between his teeth. However, he does not want to undermine the beneficial effect of the shower. He turns to take the cup from the cupboard and winces at finding Sherlock so close.
<< Of course, Chief Commissioner: the wife. The high-sounding name of Albert Ford has pushed all of us to focus on him, without even taking a look to someone else. At least until William took me there >> Sherlock adds, caressing the child's hair.
<< I'm sorry >> whispers, melting in tears. Warm tears, which spread a pleasant warmth on his face. Sherlock dries them with his fingers and they too begin to heat up. This good fire that feels slowly spreading within him is intoxicating. << It's late now >> he says serene, turning his gaze to his mother.
<< Fenix >> Sherlock intervenes, taking them by surprise.
<< Of course it's okay! >> John retorts in tone. He sighs and raises his open hand in front of him. << Ok. That's enough. We are definitely exaggerating. No! >> exclaims preventing Sherlock from replying. << I am happy you stayed here. I apologize for not thinking you did it >> he says in one breath.
<< You finally opened your eyes >> she exclaims, placing the tray on the desk. << I was starting to fear you wouldn't wake up anymore. You slept for three days and I had to throw a lot of food because of you >>.
<< Can I give him some Silver's food? >>.
<< What? >> Sherlock asks, supporting his gaze. John lowers it first. Moisten your lips and move a few steps into the room.
<< No! Margaret O'Hara is the wife of this man? Writers are inspired by their works from their life and, in fact, this woman's life must not be fun >>.
<< Yes, in fact it could say that it would have been the cold that killed you. That the job would have been made easier by the fact that you were naked, wrapped in a simple blanket, is only a negligible detail >>.
John goes down to the tube and doesn't have to have a kind expression on his face, given the way people look at him. He doesn't give a damn. They can even believe that he is a potential murderer. The anger that seethes in his viscera, in fact, cries out the need to lead his hands as long as there is.
<< So you mean that your assumptions are really enough for you >>.
Sherlock thinks about it for a few moments. Yes, maybe part of him hopes to be saved. He is a human being after all. He feels, however, that he is wrapped in a heavy veil of indifference. He does not care. To live, to die. To be saved or not. He does not care.
<< If I'm not mistaken, I had told you from the beginning that that woman did not like me >>.
<< I don't think I'm interesting >> mumbles.
<< These are the typical footprints of someone that walk. I read the explanation on your site >> says William to Sherlock << When someone runs leaves only the footprints of the first part of the foot. These footprints, instead, are well marked, both when the killer goes from the fence to the doghouse, and when he comes back. The killer did not run away after killing Silver, but he went away quietly >>.
<< A big mess going on for years, John >> replies all happy, which is rather inconvenient, given the case. << That pit seems being the dump of a serial >> Sherlock adds, his fingers joined under the satisfied smile that illuminates his face. << I did well to accept >> he nods pleased with himself.
<< Yes, it's true, but at the moment we think it's better for William have a good friend next to him >> says Sherlock.
There isn't that saturday night  urgency, which was mostly John's and not his. There is no intention to invite John to take him, putting himself entirely at his mercy. Sherlock doesn't even seem to want to direct the game: he just dictates the timing.
As Sherlock had foreseen, nothing good could bring him the long presence of morphine in the body. If in a person who has never used drugs, addiction and abstinence come much later, in those who, on the other hand, have already experienced its joys for a long time,  the pains come much earlier. The painful grasp Sherlock feel in the belly is nothing more than the bite of abstinence.
<< First of all because it is the only place without cameras and then because the meeting took place there and shocked me to the point of looking for it again. Obviously this is the film that I'm sure Martin is doing >>.
Their eyes remain hooked again. No, he's not making fun of him. John doesn't even know why he came up with that statement.
<< It is the second phase >> Sherlock replies, giving the boy the cell phone. << First they lure the kids with the facade as a support site. Then they identify the most fragile ones and invite them to attend seminars >>.
<< We would also need your help to convince the British government to collaborate >> adds Fox, exchanging a knowing look with Sherlock. He smiles at him. The same smile that John had seen him dedicate to the guitarist. John look carefully at this tall man with pale skin, as that of the consultant but sprayed with ephelids, and curly hair red as a living flame. His green eyes meet John's and in turn he watches him attentively. John feels his stomach shut. This man is  attractive and apparently kind and affable, but he feels a profound dislike for him. Somehow, as far as he is aware, he replaced it alongside Sherlock in the investigation.
<< Is it necessary? >>.
<< Unfortunately, I know very well what led my daugther to end up on that portal >> admits Greg, letting his hands slide from his face to his hair. << I tried to talk to her mother about it. To tell her that something was bringing our daughter down. And we both knew what it was. She said that I was the usual exaggerated and that Lizzy was just going through a normal moment of crisis >> Greg chuckles nervously, shaking his head.
<< That's my place instead >>.
<< Exactly! Fuck, then I had seen right! >> George exclaims enthusiastically. << In according to me this invitations sounded strange because they did not ask for any authorization from the parents. It do not reassured me that Lizzy said they happened in public places. I secretly followed her to one of the last public seminars she attended. I didn't like at all the adults who held it! >> George shakes his head in disgust.
George takes his cell phone out of his jeans pocket, fiddles over it looking for something and then shows it to them. << I think you know this. Dad told me that the girl's family has entrusted the case to you. This, however, is what I know >> he says, sliding his finger on the screen of the smartphone, to show a previous image of the same design.
<< Yes >> John whispers, who wants to think of everything except that evening, especially at this moment.
<< Moriarty? The crazy dynamiter who staged that game just for you last month? >> Greg asks Sherlock, who nods slowly. << Sherlock had lost his tracks after almost blowing you up in the pool >> Greg says turning to John. << And now we find him behind a site to lure kids. My God ... your fans are scary, Sherlock >> Greg chuckles nervously. << How do you plan to move? >>.
<< Oh >> Mary whispers. << Were you a child? >>.
<< I know, I know, you are not a couple >> Angelo says with a wink. << Can I bring you the dish of the day? >>.
<< Mary, dear, are you all right? >> he asks her, just leaning towards her. Suddenly the woman comes to life, moving with a speed that is not expected of a person of her size.
<< I think that no one is ever really in the silence in a city >> she says, pulling out one of those sensible reasonings that Sherlock recently discovered the child Mary knows to do.
<< Shut up! >> Sherlock exclaims and the heart rate monitor starts playing. << What do you want to know about how relationships work? You have done nothing but encourage me to stay away from any form of emotional and physical involvement with anyone! I don't accept lessons of any kind from you on this kind of thing >>.
<< Our dog has an exceptional flair and I dare say better than yours >> says John, smiling proudly.
<< Yes. To register I had to answer a long series of questions and pass a selection. They said it was for privacy reasons >>.
<< I've never seen him so >> whispers Greg, taking a worried look at the doctor.
<< You know what I mean >> he replies, annoyed by his having to specify the obvious.
Sharon sings, walking slowly towards the closet, kicking forcefully the toys scattered on the floor.
<< Stop giving yourself faults that you don't have >> Sherlock says.
<< He's passing >> he replies with a smile. A true lie, but Sherlock learned that her benefactress does not like complaints and whining. In fact, the woman nods satisfied.
Accelerated steps. Maybe she will be angry, maybe she will beat him, because Sherlock has certainly disturbed her. The evil Mary will arrive and not the sweet and caring child. He does not matter. Those quick steps cheer him up. Sherlock go back to cover himself, suddenly feeling cold. Chills shake him from head to toe. Mary comes to the landing, open the door away abruptly and look at him with worried and lively eyes.
The child doesn't know how to get the news. He turns his gaze to Sherlock and John, who, in unison, invite him to obey.
There is a knock on the door and John gets up to go and welcome the third Lestrade. He finds himself in the presence of a young woman with a sad expression, covered by long straight hair dyed black.
<< Sherlock was undercover, inspector. Which means he will have made himself unrecognizable. He is able to do it >>.
<< That's what I'm wondering too, John >> says Greg, hands on hips as he shifts the weight from one foot to the other. << Sherlock and I spent the morning analysing all the suicide cases that have occurred in England in the past six months. In 31 of these we found the drawing of the Phoenix >>.
<< But aren't you a bit frail to be a ski teacher? >> asks the woman, ignoring the outstretched hand. She scrutinizes him attentively, with a light in her brown eyes that is not at all reassuring. The only vital and mobile part of that shapeless mask that is her face. Sherlock is afraid he made a big mistake in lying to her. << My brother was a ski teacher >> she says, without waiting for a reply from him. << He got fooled by the fresh snow and fell into a precipice, damn idiot >>. She points at the fork. << Eat! >> sort to him.
“Write a new post on your blog, John. I think your fans should know about your past. "
<< Enough now, John! We have enough evidence to indict him and spend the rest of his days in jail. I will not allow you to further dirty your hands with him >> Sherlock shouts squeezing him with greater force. << Calm down, please. I can't stand the idea of seeing you get into trouble because of me >>.
<< Ski teacher >>.
John turns on the bulb from the switch located outside and looks at the floor. This is the only way to notice the presence of scratches on the inside of the door.
<< Oh my God >> exclaims Sherlock horrified. << It is a very bad thing to say >>.
<< You're going to drop the laptot, Sherlock! >> John asks him, seriously worried.
<< Oh, you have a lot of time to listen when you are closed in a dark storage room >>.
<< Ok >> John repeats, passing him a handkerchief. << I don't tell nobody where the samples come from. Neither to Molly, nor to Lestrade >>.
<< Shut up and sleep >> Sherlock whispers, placing a kiss on John's forehead.
Sherlock finishes the piece and John in turn wipes some tears that have escaped from his eyes. John hears him sigh as he puts the violin on the table. The sighs turn into sobs and the only thing John feels like doing is drawing Sherlock to him and offering him his shoulder to vent the pain he feels. He never expected to see Sherlock cry for someone. An all-too-human reaction that is hard to imagine in a brilliant and rational mind like his. Yet it is happening. John is holding Sherlock's sob-shaken body tight. That woman almost killed him and he mourns his loss as if he were a family member he cared so much about.
<< I hope more interesting than mine! >> snorts, pulling inside the suitcase. He opens it in the center of the living room, tired of making it take another step. John pull out the manuals, given as a tribute to the emergency medicine refresher course he attended in these five days spent in Dublin, and some books purchased by hiself.
<< I knew it! >>.
<< Fox
<< Shut up! Shut up! >> Sherlock continues to shout, clutching his hands around Moriarty's throat more and more.
<< How should this reassure me? >>.
<< But now, you are not my doctor >> Sherlock says, running with the finger the chest from the collarbone to the navel.
<< I was ready to blow up with you >>.
<< She is right, they are beautiful >> Mary laughs, slowly moving aside a Sherlock's now arid forelock that has fallen to cover his healthy eye. << My mom never laughed. She always screamed and beat me a lot. Dad never hit me, mom, however, many times >> Mary says, embarrassed.
The detective places his hand on his shoulder and the doctor slowly turns to him. John is trying to maintain a dignified demeanor, despite the storm inside of him, that is worthy of what has recently left them. A demeanor that John carries on from the moment Hugh Paddington confirmed his suspicions. Sherlock had really gone away from the club and ended up off track. That image, that he had kept dormant and immediately pushed back into the depths of his unconscious when he timidly went up to his mind's eyes, came true. It took two days to get Hataway to start the search. Two more to find the exact spot from which Sherlock flew down. Another to find the right front wheel from the white and soft snow's blanket. Until today, the day when a team of local volunteers has decided to descend to see who the soul that the mountain has claimed >>
<< We have reserved the 'Ocean Blue' suite >> communicates John to the receptionist. << Sigerson - Rogers >> adds, thus finding those names side by side ridiculous.
<< A bad bastard, that's what it is >> sighs the detective, rubbing his face. << He has the reputation of being a bad temper. One of those who is better not to have as antagonistic, if you don't want to be destroied. I don't understand exactly what's his work, but he is a majority shareholder in a significant number of large giants of the British economy. We have checked everything that concerns him and we have not found anything >>.
<< He and everyone else who got stuck there with him >>.
<< The staircase leading to the bedrooms upstairs >> answers Greg. Sherlock follows the path littered with trinkets and furnishings destroyed on the ground and stops in front of the staircase.
<< Our kidnapper is small in stature, judging by the distance between one foot and another, and thin, given the lightness of the footprint. After the shooting the situation changed >> says Sherlock, returning to analyze the scene. << The kidnapper punched Ford and he fell here, where the table and chair are overturned on the ground. There are bloodstains. The analysis will surely say to us that is Ford's blood. These destroyed knickknacks on the right indicate the escape of Mrs. Ford. What's on that side? >>.
<< Have you heard something? >> asks to Morgan, going next to him. The dog barks once, grasps the edge of the child's shirt with his teeth and drags him home. William doesn't ask any further questions and lets himself be carried away.
<< How do you know all these things? >> the sister shouts, shooting at the tip of the chair, her hands clinging to the seat.
<< Oh, fuck, Myc! >>. John leaps to his feet as if struck by the shock, imitated by Mycroft. << Here's what struck me about her! Oh, Jesus! >> he says, bringing his hands to his hair. << That scarf. It stood out not only for the color, but also for the fine fabric. An Armani pashmina cobalt blue jeans! How did this woman with years old clothes get a similar precious scarf that cost at least £ 80? What about gloves? They were in deer leather lined in cashmere, always by our favorite Italian designer. They cost a hundred pounds. Where could that woman get similar accessories? It can't be a coincidence that Sherlock usually wears the same scarf and the same gloves, don't you think? >>.
<< I didn't do anything, Mary, believe me! >>.
<< William is suitable and I think you have seen so many of you in him >>.
<< Yes, I see it >> whispers, standing there looking at him. << There is something ... different about you tonight >>.
<< Lord. How can someone do this kind of things >>.
"No? Yet I think you've felt just like that in recent times" Moriarty replies, easily freeing himself from Sherlock's grasp. “How many stupid distractions from chance! How many wasted energies that take you away from the obvious solution you have under your nose! " he says, shaking his head disappointed by him. "Get rid of what happened with that silly homunculus and go back to being the infallible consultant I met," Moriarty shouts in his crazy way.
<< I have nothing else to tell you >> says Sherlock. << You will wait for the results of the analysis of the internal cameras’ videos. You shall have them from Scotland Yard >>.
<< In fact, the time has come to do it >> Sherlock says, standing up. << But I will let him to inform you >> says, smiling in the direction of his room. John follows his gaze and gets up abruptly when he sees an unknown man standing a few steps from the kitchen.
<< Go back to London, Lestrade. Take back your notes and focus your attention on that clue that has given you so many thoughts. There it is the key to everything. And remember that solving a problem is achieved by always choosing the simplest solution >>.
Sherlock opens his eyes and finds himself sitting on the bed. The wind creeps between the fixtures, producing that sound so similar to a cry.
<< Sherlock, are you listening to me? >> John's authoritarian tone arouses Sherlock from his thoughts.
<< You're really sick, poor dear >> Mary says, approaching him. She caresses Sherlock's wet head, almost completely returned to its original color. Sherlock indulges in those rough, ungainly caresses, but capable of cheering him up, like the hot water of the strange shower just taken. He finds himself tight in her warm embrace, his face resting on her prosperous chest. Sherlock surrounds her with his arms and a distant memory opens in his mind.
<< Exactly. You wrote to me that the coroner found no sexual violence. This means that the man you are looking for may prefer harassment. Do not underestimate it, it could be a choice that derives from a thousand reasons and nothing can give the certainty that this man would not be able to commit a complete sexual relationship >>.
<< You realized it, didn't you? >> John asks him, taking him away from reading.
<< Sherlock, take it easy >> John comes to his side. << Forgive him, Sir. The heat gives him to the head >> says, holding out the hand to the director introducing himself.
<< Just get organized, John >> says Sherlock, yawning. The doctor chuckles. Sherlock is organized only when he works on cases and when he arranges his folders.
Live it as it comes. It comes on the tips of the paws of an unnamed puppy.
<< Be good, ok? >> Sherlock says caressing Morgan's head. The puppy licks his face and then follows the child who shows him what their next game will be. Sherlock feels a strange sensation in seeing those two little pirates run together, understanding each other perfectly, despite speaking different languages.
“Oh, just plain coffee for me, I wouldn’t want it to interfere with my training.”
He grabs his phone, careful so he won’t fling it to the floor in his state to join the biro and texts back:
Sherlock closes his eyes and opens the door to his mind palace.
To gloss it over he’s tried to regard it all as an experiment to test his sentiments, only to discover he’s already fed up with it the first night. He’d taken himself off to bed at some point to tune it all out but sleep didn’t come. Annoyed with himself he’d got up again after two hours and has spent the rest of the night catching up on his flesh eating bacteria experiment. His heart hasn’t been in it and when he finally fell asleep on the sofa around 7 in the morning he dreamed of John.
Joan just laughed. "I'm not stubborn, Sherlock I am just telling you stuff you don't want to hear."
"I had a date-"
"Well it's always a pleasure to hear yours as well but John, what is this about?.....Did you and Sherlock have another domestic?" Mrs. Hudson asked, her voice laced with nerves.
"Ah, Sherlock." Mycroft responded in an equally bored tone.
The woman froze for a minute before nodding slowly. "I understand... but please... when they take my body.... don't let them take photos. I don't want my son.... to see that. Or my husband. I understand it's the protocol but please do that, for me."
Joan smiled. "Same time as always! Oh and let the girls at the daycare know that training is tonight from 5-8!"
Sherlock nodded again this time with a glint in his eye. "Yes of course. However, guidance typically, if I am correct, doesn't come in the form of an herb."
Sherlock sniffed in disdain and went down the stairs bumping into mrs. Hudson.
"Yes I have John and that's what this whole charade is about and if you would let me finis-"
John continued his army crawl despite his vision adding different colors and his arms becoming slightly numb. "Stop.... plea....se."
John was at this point sitting down and had his head in his hands. "You mean to tell me, you went to a fucking drug scene, to get wasted on KETAMINE." John took a deep breath. "And proceeded to give it to a woman who was found dead a day later?"
And Sherlock ran out the door, slamming it shut. Mycroft and Greg looked at each other before carefully caring for John.
"How long?" She repeats. "How long has Sherlock made you his puppet? Don't you see, john? HE made the drugs, HE killed someone, HE-"
"What was that dear?" Mrs. Hudson asked.
"Uh sher-"
"John?! Oh my bloody hell John say something!" Sherlock said as he caressed his face.
"Yes, there again was no residue of a pill, liquid poison, or needle marks. Just like the last victim. Do you and Sherlock know her? Did she babysit Rosie too or no?"
Greg cocked an eyebrow. "Sherlock if I do recall, I am pretty sure murder isn't a law."
John didn't really know what happened but he did know that he felt two warm, sturdy hands strongly tuck itself on John's rosy cheeks. The next moment was a warm and wet feeling on his lips and with a startling realization he realized it was Sherlock...... WAIT.
"I'm not following you, Sherlock. You're not the only person who walks around in London." Mycroft says as the two walk in sync next to each other. "Now I know you're dying to talk to me about what's going on."
John finally broke Sherlock's gaze and smiled at everyone. Little did anybody know, that in John's head there was a constant band of the word 'shit' circling around his head, as his emotions for Sherlock escalated.
The two boys were silent now except for the harsh breathing between the two. Before either could bring up any more harsh words, Joan appeared between the two of them with a smile.
"Ghdnvjjv." John moaned out.
DUN DUN DUNNNNNNN TO BE CONTINUED! Also thanks so much to all the reviews, I love reading them and I get such a big smile at the support I am getting. It is a lot of fun to write this story and I am so glad to share it with all of you!
"Don't break character." Mycroft snapped.
Greg smirked to himself as he powered down his laptop and put it in a carrier as he looked over at Mycroft. "$20 for Sherlock pining for John and the other 20 is for you blatant flirting. Now hurry up and put your jacket on, it gets busy this time of the night."
"I don't want you to be a normal mate, Sherlock. I want you to be you but I don't want you to feel the need to prove that by doing rash decisions such as letting a woman die for me."
John arched his eyebrows in a bitchy matter and laughed bitterly. "Are.. are you, joking right now? Do you honestly think right now is appropriate for that? Our- Rosie could've been killed or poisoned!"
John blinked sluggishly and put a hand out to reach for Sherlock. "Where's..... yours?"
Joan lifted her head from where she was sitting on the bed and just cocked an eyebrow. "Sherlock this was never about that. It was about finding the right people I suppose. All these mothers going to make a better life for their children is complete bullshit. But, that's not the reason either. It's just fun, Sherlock. You know all about that don't you?"
"But those 'smiles' should be reserved for only me..."
ENOUGH SHERLOCK!" John snapped before muttering about picking up Rosie from Mrs.Hudson leaving Sherlock alone in the room.
"Wait what?' Sherlock asked, bewildered.
---------------------------------
"He probably does want to see you again." Came a gravelly voice from behind him.
Sherlock sighed. "Yes, yes I do. When I went for an...... experiment around a week or 2 ago, I did see Kat at a drug scene. We exchanged different things and she didn't understand how to use Ketamine and.... John I may have created that drug so it wouldn't affect kids because Kat worked with children in the daycare and if they breathed in the smoke I made it so powerful that even a breathe in would knock them off their feet. So I changed the chemical sequence of it and made it so it was only airborne through mouth to mouth and so I taught Kat.... by smoking Ketamine and giving it to her through, well, the mouth."
Clearing his throat he said. "Well isn't this a sight."
John rolled his eyes and pecked Sherlock's cheek. "You'll be fine! I'm not gonna be long and then we can meet up at home okay?"
Sherlock nodded, still frowning. "Wouldn't you rather me help you decrease the tension-"
Do not do this you will regret it-"
"Joan, enough." Sherlock warned, pulling against John's grip.
The two didn't realize they were getting closer until Rosie began to cry. Jumping away from each other, John's face burned in a strong blush. Picking Rosie up, he nearly fled the room. She had to be fed to he picked up the bottle and sat down in the rocking chair, lost in thought. They almost kissed.... kissed for christ's sake! John shook his head and kissed the top of Rosie's head. That can't happen again, or he wouldn't be able to either control himself or lash out. He listened intently as Sherlock's feet padded past the room and into his own. Letting out a breath he didn't know he was holding, he continued to feed Rosie, as his eyes began to close.
"Yes dear?' She answered back as Rosie giggled into the phone.
"Hi Susan." John called as he entered the building.
"I don't think that's your choice." A voice spoke by the doorway.
Sherlock's eyes lowered a little and his shoulders seemed more sagged. "Yes, yes of course. Well, we have a busy day tomorrow and, uh, I believe we should get some rest."
John tensed up and casted a glance down at his arm that was intertwined with Sherlock's. "What do you mean/"
-----------------
Mycroft rolled his eyes as he rocked on his heels, watching the Baker Street Boys at work. "Well obviously I was otherwise you wouldn't have asked me out on that date yesterday."
"I-" they both began.
"Hey Sherlock? Listen I didn't mean to make-"
------------
Kate smiled uneasily and shook Rosie's hand. "Well we are pleased to have you here! You can go and talk with the other parents and we will start the activities soon!"
"Still pissed that you brought her there despite a poison scare." John mumbled but was cut off by a strong glare from Sherlock.
The first thing Sherlock noticed, was that he wasn't sweating. He didn't feel like he could barely breathe anymore or even feel that sense of unknowing.... but what bothered him is that he couldn't remember what all of those feelings were about. Was it a robbery where they had some weird men dressed as clowns? Or maybe some supernatural being took over his mind? Or possibly it was just a serial killer? Oh that would be fun if it was. Sherlock smiled at the voice in his head at all of the ridiculous circumstances before actually taking in his surroundings. He was on his bed under the blankets as though, dare he say it, he was sleeping. He frowned as he felt body heat next to him and turning his head he saw John's peaceful face as he slept on. Rolling his neck, he stepped out of bed and began his way to the door when he froze and heard music coming from the kitchen.
"Sherlock!" John hissed, nudging him in the ribs before following the security officer backstage.
"What is it Mycroft? Unless you have some incredible and life changing news for me then hang up and I'll pay you the $2o you've been spending." Sherlock spat bitterly.
John looked up at his boyfriend with a fond stare. "You know, I never did thank you for saving my life...."
He narrowed his eyes and nearly ran over to the window to inspect Joan. “She was making it so bloody simple and I was such an idiot to not realize it in the first place. It’s a game of a love, John.” Sherlock said turning to John. “And we are one of the few players that have won. All we have to do is beat her at her own game.”
John laughed and kissed his cheek. "You're gonna be a jealous boyfriend aren't you?"
"Yes I'm sure just keep walking." Sherlock said as he wrapped his coat around himself tighter.
Sherlock locks his jaw and just as he takes a step forward, Greg appears and grabs Sherlock's arm.
"So how may I help you boys?" Susan asked with a grin.
Sherlock pouted but stood up nonetheless, an obvious tent visible causing John's eyes to widen. "What John? You said we have to go work."
Mycroft played it off slyly as he just rubbed the back of his neck. "Ah the princess has awoken."
John returned the smile. "Well I'm doing ok. You seem pretty ok yourself... even though two of your co-workers were found dead."
Sherlock cleared his throat and shook his head. "Hold on give me a minute."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock growled at the man before he ran up the stairs and put him right on the couch, causing Mycroft and Greg to hurry over as well.
Sherlock sighed and rubbed his forehead. "Maria I know what is happening but I can't do it without-"
"We..... we should really be going to bed." John said suddenly but still didn't move, neither did Sherlock.
Sherlock watched as John's eyes still seemed to have that foggy gleam to them. "Well you most likely can answer these questions. Last night you were at a meeting, the head of this meeting was a woman named Joan. Joan had drugged you and the rest of the members there in order to finish her own personal cravings for vengeance. I'm not sure how she did it or even if SHE did it but I am almost certain it is her. You were told in the beginning something about a medicine that wasn't given to everyone; natural selection at its finest. So I need you to do something for me, you must tell me the names of all the other people that were present there. This is very crucial, John."
"This mask was used by her in the auditorium while all the others sucked in that 'organic herb.' But I bet that if you run this through with Molly and the proper lab equipment, you can track her DNA to the next sadistic meeting that she holds.... oh and another thing, she's pretty clumsy for a killer, dropping all her antidotes right in front of me. I am actually slightly disappointed that I couldn't have experimented with my death."
"Perfect! Just so you know the daycare closes at 4 so please be here to pick her up." Susan said as she nodded at the men and left the room.
"Shut up Grant." Sherlock snapped, earning a pissed off glare from GREG as he knew Sherlock said his name wrong on purpose. "It tells us the side affects of the poison. Paranoia, fainting which leads to death due to lung collapse of some sort most likely from, hallucinations. So now all we do is go to the daycare and see who else feels that way. Then from there we track down and see what is common with all of these people which will eventually lead to a person that was in contact with either a friend of the victim, coworker, or anything else."
Sherlock frowned and looked around the room they were in. "I wanted to test out the drug because I was.... doing research and John please understand what I'm saying! It was an experiment to see what would happen with any of the murderers that Lestrade has cooked up and whether they would choose the victims that I 'intoxicated' and clearly Ketamine is powerful enough to daze the victim because two people are dead now! But you, Rosie, and Mrs. Hudson weren't in danger because....." Sherlock faltered at the next line earning a scowl from John.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"But Sherlock now that you've explained this to me, how will you explain to everyone else? A lot of people think you're dangerous already, they'll most likely arrest you for the murders and I can't let that happen! We need to find who finished the job."
Susan's smile faded at that as she cleared her cheerful voice. "Well, of course it's been rough! I was good friends with them since they were such lovely people and it's a shame but we have to move on, ya know? Oh and by the way, tell Mrs. Hudson it worked!"
Sherlock frowned and slowly got his stuff but the look of anger on John's face made Sherlock quickly move. "John what the bloody hell-"
Joan looked up the minute the door opened and saw Sherlock standing there, his chest puffed out, eyes narrowed, body upright and attentive. "Ah Sherlock, if it isn't my favorite-"
Sherlock whirled around and looked at him. "Don't do this, John. I had to save you-"
John sighed heavily. "Sherlock this isn't about the bloody case it's about how we feel and-"
“It’s been right in front of me and I never realized it.” Sherlock explained standing up with a grin and walking over to John. “Love.”
Sherlock turns around and sees John, panting heavily as he just stares at the detective. Neither say anything as the two simply look at each other.
Mycroft quickly put some money down and stood up as well. "Why? What's going on? I thought it was just a normal meeting."
Mycroft frowned yet kept his eyes focused on Greg who was now laughing at a joke John had probably made. "What doesn't make sense? The fact Greg and John are laughing together or the fact that you are probably going to lie to John about the other woman's death?"
The two made it to a closet where they had their first kiss and yet now it was filled with a lot of steam; no not in that way at all.
"Well if I want to say something intelligent I would rather it be face to face."
"No there's been two ask Gre- Grant he probably will admit to a second one but there didn't have to be a second one because I am such a BLOODY IDIOT! Excuse me John I need to check something."
Sherlock narrowed his eyes as he ripped her gas mask off her face, causing a surprised look to cross over, not expecting Sherlock to have any energy and figured he had collapsed therefore knocking her down. But Sherlock, being a girl's name, was not like most women.
"Did you get anything out of her?" John asked as he wrinkled his nose in disgust.
"John." She says with a smirk.
John shook his head as he watched Sherlock skirt around the victim's body, his eyebrow burrowed. "I don't get it, no marks whatsoever yet both victims have color in their fingernails. Either something slipped under their nail and into the bloodstream or-" Sherlock suddenly snapped his fingers. "It's airborne...."
Greg rolls his eyes at the name. "I came to get both of you, the hearing for Joan is starting in 2 minutes, I held them off for as long as I could but we must finish this once and for all."
"No, stealing what's mine." Mycroft said calmly.
------------------------
John scrunched his nose up and nudged Sherlock. "As much as I would like to take bets on what position your brother would be doing with Greg, I would rather keep whatever sanity I have left."
"Joan excuse us for a moment." John managed to growl out as he gripped Sherlock's arm, leaving a bruise probably.
John nodded and smiled as he walked out of the door. When John got back to the apartment, Sherlock was sitting on the sofa, his eyes shut and fingers on his temple.
"Brilliant, then why are we all still standing here?" Sherlock snapped as he bolted down the stairs earning a middle finger salute from John.
"Partner."
"John lower your voice or you're gonna wake up Rosie." Sherlock said taking a sip of tea that Mrs. Hudson brought up.
"Oh wow Sherlock...... that was utterly embarrassing!"
Sherlock blinked slowly as he took a sip of the tea. "Well some of it seemed familiar but I am rather unsure. If you give me some time as well as the location of our so-called killer, hopefully that will make me get out of this humanistic state."
Mycroft frowned but still kept his hidden smile. "40? Why 40?"
"But I can on the other hand take you to a restaurant where I have a coupon." Greg finished.
Sherlock growled and tried to throw his shoe but Greg shut the door just in time. "You, Mycroft Holmes, are going on a date?"
Sherlock laughed as John had tears down his face. "John, stop! I need to breathe."
"Yes you're correct..." Sherlock said as he went quiet.
Mycroft was unfazed but nonetheless just nodded while Greg just froze and mutely agreed. Sherlock ruffled his hair and quickly pecked John on the top of his head.
Sherlock quickly released him causing John to recline into his body and smile softly at him. "Wow, my hero."
Sherlock continued to pace before looking out the window. "I..... mycroft I don't know what I did wrong. I made a drug so people wouldn't get hurt and he didn't let me finish my sentence. He thinks he's gonna die because I kissed him! I genually modified the drug so that the people I care about the most in my life wouldn't get hurt! The drug itself was just to help me."
Sherlock in response just huffed and followed John to another mother who was busy play fighting with her son. "Hello ma'am."
Cleaned
Sherlock rolled his eyes and pulled out the recording. "Just listen to this and it will explain it all."
"Not interested." Sherlock said as he fell down on his chair and picked up a newspaper. "It's probably boring and most likely the wife was the one who hid the children and threw the husband's body into the river. So go away, I have to make sure Rosie gets her sleep or John will have my head."
There was a rustle against the phone and another coo as Mrs. Hudson laughed. "Looks like you have an admirer."
Joan just stared at him before bursting into laughter. "Oh John Holmes you are a funny man indeed! Ha! Oh well best to you and your husband! As well as little Rosie too!"
Dear lord I have not updated in forever but hey I am back, back in block dun dun dun. But yeah I wanted to surprise you after3 months with a painful chapter cause why not ;) Anyways I'll try and update again later in the month.
Sherlock just shrugged and put a jacket on. "It wasn't my fault John, if we didn't drop her off she would see a woman dead and you wouldn't want that would you?"
"Oh don't worry that happened with my ex husband once too! He ran off and never appeared again!" Maria said with a loud obnoxious laugh.
John frowned and held the recorder, still emotionally confused. "What? Why what's on this?"
-------------------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock shifted on his feet. "Well, yes but John it wasn't-"
"John don't listen to her she will lie, she always does-"
"Well, uh, they both worked at the daycare? So maybe they both handled the same kid?"
"No." John said quickly. "Just curious."
"John this was never about forgiveness. I was giving you space. You were angry at me and I knew whatever I would say you would not listen. Yes, I killed a woman but if I were given the chance I would've done it again."
Mycroft glared at his brother as he put on his coat. "I am going to that meeting Mycroft and you can't stop me."
Sherlock knew this was a bad idea. Hell he knew everything he did was a bad idea but that didn't stop him, did it? As he quickened his pace, he saw many people were entering a auditorium, all mothers of some sort. So this must be the place he has to go into and meet the killer.
"Oh so NOW you are going to start attacking the people around you? Grow up, Sherlock!"
John whined lowly in his throat as he worried about Rosie's protection with Mrs. Hudson right now. "Stay.... away frommm.... my daughhttterrrr..."
The woman opens her mouth and shuts it as John groans out loud and forces a smile. "Hi Kate I'm John and this is Sherlock. This little angel here is our Rosie."
The boys downed the bottles and both shared a look of pain and disgust. Mycroft and Greg snuck glances as they watched them fall into a deep sleep.
John, as he left the room, missed Sherlock's lingering stare as he bit his lip to not laugh at the ridiculous situation.
"No." Maria snapped. "It won't help because I know something is off but I never know what it is. All I know is you must stop now or it will only get worse."
"No." Sherlock rushed but calmed himself down. "I didn't eat."
Greg shook his head knowing to one, get $20 from Mycroft and two make sure they don't screw this up.
"Ketamine." John spoke. "Do. You. Know. It."
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"So.... they finally caught you. How does it feel huh? After all this time, all this work, and all your pity suffering. I would like to know. It's not personal.... it's just a.... NATURAL selection I suppose."
Sherlock growled as his eyes rolled to the back of his head, slumping to the ground in defeat.
At the mention of her name, John felt his dinner crawl up from his stomach in depression. "Oh god no."
"What would Sherlock call Rosie? What would he do when I wasn't around?"
Sherlock turned and scowled at Greg. "Oh bloody hell what do YOU want?"
John looked up and couldn't help it as he started laughing too and it was so alarming to Mrs. Hudson that she thought something happens and ran upstairs to see the two boys looking at each other in pure tears.
From the car, Greg rolls his eyes.
"No stop-"
P.S. did you like how I addressed the dollar bill? It's funny right ;)
It's been a couple of weeks since Sherlock and John had been raising Rosie; together. They had a mutual agreement of being her father's and anybody could argue if they were a couple. John, of course, would continue to claim he wasn't gay. Greg and Mycroft had a bet and every time they visited the Baker Street Boys, if they caught them in some sort of intimate moment, Mycroft would slip a 20 into Greg's pocket. For example, Greg had found a particular murder case and needed to tell Sherlock after getting a lot of text messages from him complaining he was bored. But that wasn't what he saw when he opened the door to 221B Baker Street. John was holding Rosie by her arms and was having her walk towards Sherlock who was smiling and cooing at her. Greg nearly dropped his coffee in awe as she grinned at Sherlock and fell into his arms. Then, oh but then, Sherlock LAUGHED. He. Laughed. John was grinning at the two of them and the three all shared a hug as if they were a family.
"Wait." She whispered out. "Please..... come back..."
Greg just shrugged and nodded. "Well yeah that's why we called you and Sherlock, or were we interrupting you two having a romantic interaction?"
The taxi driver sighed and quickly ran down the steps, Sherlock following as he pointed at a very ill John who gasped weakly as Sherlock's eyes widened and quickly ran to him.
Sherlock stomped his foot and growled menacingly at Greg. "I am NOT jealous! I am just annoyed that John didn't let me join him because I could've helped and-"
"Y-YOU SHOULD'VE SEEN YOUR FACE!" Sherlock laughed.
Mycroft laughed heartedly as he took another drag. "So you're what, paying yourself $20 every time I 'woo you'?"
John smiled at her in thanks and looked at Sherlock. "You, sir, need to calm down."
"JOAN-"
"Because in my little game I don't play like that. I give one antidote for two affected people. The night you left that meeting, you were one of the victims and I didn't give YOU the antidote."
Sherlock sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose. "How can I possibly do that if I'm feeling love towards you?"
"Bugger off." Sherlock growled out as he went into the kitchen and poured himself some tea. "What even happened last night?"
"If you don't put that phone down I will throw it out this window."
Greg blushed deeply and cleared his throat. "Um anyways, we asked some witnesses or friends of hers and they admit she would always ask people to walk her home after working her shift from the daycare-"
To be continued! I appreciated the feedback from the previous chapter and it's nice to see you all are still interested in the story! Comment if you want more and if you want changes, etc.
---------------------
John blinked again sluggishly as he desperately held her hand. "How.... are ya gettin..... the herbs? I.... only know.... one personnn...."
John stared in disbelief and mortification at the detective in front of him. "You utter twat. Rosie is my daughter- of course I would be going to a meeting! You are not the boss of me."
Mrs. Hudson laughed and he heard Rosie coo louder into the phone. "Well Sherlock for one called her his little 'bee' and I thought that was adorable. He always would call her Watson if she wouldn't stop crying. He loves her, you know? He would always talk about you to her and always say 'your dad' and Rosie would sometimes look up at the word dad almost as though Sherlock was. But usually, he would just tell stories. The first time you met, the time at the pool, you and him chained together and running. He has an imagination perfect for Rosie because I swear it's as though her eyes sparkle. I think the greatest thing though, is that Sherlock... well he treats her just like a daughter. And I think that's what he missed out on as younger lad.... and I think that's brilliant."
-------------
Mycroft and Greg arrived quickly and ran up to the steps to see a pale and barely moving John with an equally pale but moving Sherlock who looked at the edge of collapse.
Everyone had quieted down and was now staring at the obviously stressful talk between the three of them. Joan was, at this point, showing how desperate she was to keep her disguise, John was looking outright murderous while Sherlock was looking smug but tense.
"What is this?" Greg questioned as he looked between that and John's sweating form.
Sherlock again rolled his eyes. "That does not even make sense but with the system these days with police officers, I am not surprised."
-----------------------------------------
Mrs. Hudson looked at the three with a knowing smile. "Well aren't you all a sight for sore eyes! Where are you off to now?"
John cocked an eyebrow. Really. Lestrade? Sherlock doesn't even know the man's name!
John's face had slowly gotten angrier and angrier. "Go. On."
"Doubt that."
Sherlock rolled his eyes and jabbed at his forehead causing John to cry out in pain. "You sure about that? John if you don't get in the ambulance I will carry you to the ambulance."
Sherlock had been pacing the room frantically as he looked at the clock. 8:15 and John wasn't home yet. In clear frustration, Sherlock called Mycroft and demanded his assistance after mrs. Hudson dropped off Rosie to Sherlock but him being as nervous and annoyed as he was, began to question a crying Rosie and shout at her as he shot at the wall. Rule number one in parenting was made clear by Mycroft that he should not shoot in the presence of a child. Mycroft had dragged Greg along who nonetheless was pleased to see an angry Sherlock though that quickly faded when he threatened to make Greg the wall.
"Okay ladies, and men, our next activity is piano play!" Joan said clapping her hands and jumping.
Sherlock looked back over at Mycroft. "And it's none of your business of what is happening between John and I yet here you are exchanging twenty dollar bills with Greg. Do you two not realize that we aren't in America? Why are you even doing dollars?"
TO BE CONTINUED! Is John alive? Will Sherlock be too late? What will John do if he finds out about the woman's death? Where's Joan?! All will be revealed next time! As always your comments and follows are much appreciated and you can follow me on insta and tumblr with the user yousaydoctorisaywho! There we can talk about fic ideas as well as any ideas for chapters! But please leave comments as it helps with writing :) thanks!!!
"Mrs. Hudson, oh thank god." He gasped out, a sneaky tear slipping out of his eye. "It's so nice to hear your voice."
"Mycroft should we, uh, leave them be?" Greg whispered causing Mycroft to sigh and put his jacket on.
"I can give you 20 minutes and then you must go through security and get debriefed as she is currently under investigation."
Sherlock turned slightly and looked down at John's neutral expression. "Wait you know about Joan?"
John and Sherlock looked up and even little Rosie looked at him and began to cry. Sherlock' face contorted into anger and annoyance.
"I am not a boy, Mycroft. I just don't like it when people play with my stuff." Sherlock said, his eyes now focused on John who had his nose scrunched up as a doctor checked his blood pressure.
"GOOD."
"Are you serious? You should've knocked on the door and not have affected Rosie's concentration." Sherlock growled.
John shifts in his seat. "I beg your pardon?"
Mycroft frowned. "What about me?"
The next morning, John woke up in his bed, the blankets tucked around him. He slowly lifted himself up and yawned. John walked out of his room and into Rosie's and what he saw made his heart thump. There was Sherlock in the rocking chair, fast asleep with Rosie in the same position as him, going up and down rhythmically with Sherlock's breathing. He's a good dad, thought John as he grabbed a blanket and put it over the two of them. Smiling to himself at his wild emotions, he went into the kitchen and began cooking. Yes he never does that but he was in a good mood. Walking in to see Sherlock and Rosie together just.... really brightened things. John froze as he cooked the eggs and bacon. Did... was.... was he just THAT sappy about Sherlock of all people? The sizzling alerted him that he was daydreaming and he quickly flipped the bacon and put in the bread for toast. However when he turned around again, Sherlock was in front of him. Gasping, John put his arms behind him to steady himself on the counter. Sherlock was really close and had eyes watching his every move.
"Well sounds to me somebody's honeymoon went a little past paradise brother of mine." Mycroft chuckled.
"How dare you just accuse my FRIEND of all people- do you understand that Joan is trying to help us raise Rosie? To me, that is absolutely generous and heartwarming to know someone cares! Sure we have Mrs. Hudson but Rosie needs somebody more than just a caretaker, she needs parents and the only person who actually understands what the bloody hell that means is your 'murderer,' Joan!"
Sherlock looked up and frowned. "You're not, jealous-"
John had frozen to listen to Joan as her cruel intentions were laid out. This whole time it wasn't from the children, it was ventilation it was all a lie all a trick and they were so blind. He had to tell Sherlock. He sat for another moment as he gained some clarity back as he struggled to stand up when he heard Joan's voice echo.
"Alright, listen, this isn't some normal case we are working on. We can't just waltz in and accuse everyone left and right. Your lives are on the balance currently and, Sherlock I'm looking at you, do not start out rough, go in and just state facts in ways that she can't question." Greg said, his eyebrows furrowed.
"Ma'am I'm sorry but I have to take this." Sherlock whispered as he began to leave.
Sherlock suddenly appeared next to the two of them. "Murder? Where? It's a woman isn't it? 24, worked at the same place as the other woman correct?"
John thumped his head against the door with a fond smirk. "I could never forget about her... she's like my rock, Mrs. Hudson. She keeps me sane and I love her and everything has been so damn crazy-"
John frowned and looked at Sherlock. "Remember when we went out to dinner, just the two of us, and Mrs. Hudson was out playing poker so we had to find somebody really fast to watch over Rosie?"
The blush that covered Sherlock's face was enough to make John grin and bite his ear playfully. The two boys pulled away after that and Sherlock searched his face.
"You were the only person that would never say I wasn't normal. But I guess you're right, John. After all, love never was meant for me."
Ketamine 'trains' your body to become submissive to everything and therefore any form of attack. She was using phrases in her speech to alert Sherlock that she wasn't who she seemed. The training at the meeting is what Sherlock needs to know about and when he realizes what she really did, then maybe, just maybe he will be able to get enough proof and arrest her.
"Just listen to it." Sherlock whispered. "Please."
Joan nodded in sympathy as John felt a tear escape his eye and fall down his face. "He probably never wants to see Rosie and I again, hell I don't deserve to see him again."
Mycroft quickly pressed another round and then, pressed his lips down and exhaled. Sherlock felt a pang of jealousy in his chest at that and rushed forward.
John just simply smiles.
"Yeah.... maybe...." John spoke softly.
Turning rapidly around, his heart stopped in pure fear, anger, dismay, and confusion as he looked at the equally upset man in front of him. "John what are you doing here?"
The two men laughed as they looked at each other. Mycroft looked at his watch and frowned, "Now I know Sherlock went to that meeting but he promised to call once it was over... it just finished 15 minutes ago."
John frowned and snuggled Rosie more against his shoulder as he held onto the baby bag with the other hand. They entered and saw possibly 24 other mothers all talking amongst each other. They of course stated slightly at the two men as they sat as far away as they could.
John winced at that and just sighed. "Yes, in a way."
------------------------------------(how about some Mystrade feels huh?)-------------------------------
"Hey John maybe WE should start a bet to see if they get into anything sexual." Sherlock whispered.
Mycroft just stared at his younger brother with a disturbed look. "You are much too attached to this man. You are Sherlock Holmes, you don't feel you just, do. But regardless I can't always stop you when you do stupid things, even if those 'stupid things' are everything you do. So go, but if you end up in trouble I will have no choice but to inform John and not only will you be dying but so will your relationship with Mr. Watson."
"And you said that her heart just.... stopped?" John asked as he stood next to Greg.
"....L is for the way you look at me! OH, oh- stop Mycroft no! Is for the only one I see, V is v- MYcroFT!"
"Bloody hell; what the fuck happened to you two?!" Greg shouted as he quickly moved Sherlock to a chair despite him pushing weakly at him.
"Sherlock?" John called out hesitantly.
Sherlock quickly picked it up and rummaged through it, looking for some pill bottle or anything close to it. Suddenly he saw a glass jar at the bottom with the words 'drink me.' It had to be the antidote and he had to bring it to John. But that inner human side of him (horribly annoying by the way) was saying John would be beyond angry. But if it was between John being an angry hedgehog and him being a dead hedgehog, Sherlock would rather him be angry at him.
"Because what Sherlock? What? You didn't think it would affect us because we didn't know or were you just being an arrogant-"
Cleaned
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "It's not 'parent' sing along cause it was originally mommy sing along but once a male couple comes in you changed it to parent. I applaud your effort though."
Sherlock froze and snapped his fingers. "Very good but wrong just like always. Both victims had blood still under their fingernails, had the feeling of being stalked, and worked at the daycare. What does that tell us?"
"How long do I have to go find Sherlock?" John whispered as the police began to cuff Joan to move her into another room.
Sherlock scrunched his face up and leaned to John. "I'm pretty sure she's a murderer."
John pouted and looked up at Sherlock. "I'm fine, I feel perfectly fine."
"I would love it?" Sherlock spat. "You tried to kill John, I am not going to enjoy something such as that."
John glared at her as she just smirked. Everyone moved in a jumble, many of them tripping and groaning and screaming. John heard it all as his vision became worse and he neared a taxi that had pulled over. Stumbling and clinging to it the man rolled down the window in concern.
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Mycroft smirked. "And why is that?"
Sherlock growled under his breath and kneeled next to John, pressing the bottle to his lips and tipping it back. Quickly lifting him up, he titled his chin so the liquid went down his throat. Sherlock watched with intense eyes as John's remained closed.
Mycroft rose his eyebrows so far up you would think it would disappear under his hair but looked Greg's equally shocked face.
Greg sighed. "Well to start, there's been another murder."
"I-I.... I need to go." John muttered as he brushed past Greg and made a beeline for the men's bathroom.
All Mycroft could do is just stare at Greg's face, wondering how the hell he wasn't as sneaky as he originally thought.
Greg's smile faded instantly as he stood up. "We need to leave and go to 221B."
Greg smirked and nuzzled his neck. "I don't think those are the words to the song."
Sherlock didn't smile at all but left the closet in a hurry, somehow grabbing John's hand so they were linked together. "Joan, I am sorry for the way I acted. It was inappropriate and I have no remorse for human emotion or whatever John had said. Anyways we must retire so I bid you good day."
The woman frowned. "In a way? Oh it doesn't matter, regardless my name is Maria! So here at the meetings we start with meditation with organic herbs that make you feel so calm almost like you can't feel anything and it's great because all the stress of caring for children and annoying husbands, I have a feeling you deal with that, is finally just let go!"
John chuckled as blush covered his neck. "Yes we are better, thank you Joan. I'll be here next time okay?"
--------
Suddenly there was a loud whirring noise and the ventilators turned on, causing a dispel of the herbs to cloud the air. John and Sherlock immediately ran for the door and desperately tugged at them but there was no movement. Sherlock yelled out as he slammed against it with all his might but there was no chance. He bit back a cry as he slowly stopped, looking at John's face, his eyes glossy.
Joan laughed bitterly as she went up to the cell gate. "I'm talking about the drugs, John. Half of the women that are dead all had interactions with your man over there... ain't that right Sherlock?"
I'm sorry it's so late but here my children!
Sherlock and John turned to each other and gave small smiles before leaving the daycare, oblivious to the stares of the other mother's, all sharing knowing looks. Sherlock and John left the daycare in a hurry and gave the address to the cab driver. The two boys arrived at the scene and looked down at the woman. It was a young girl, 22 by the looks of her crinkles around her eyes with pale skin, ginger hair and green eyes. John scrunched his face up in pure sadness as Sherlock just walked cautiously around the sight.
"Petty?!" Sherlock gasped, insulted.
"John." Sherlock gasped as he pulled him to his chest in a strong embrace.
Also thanks so much for the follows, likes, comments! It helps a lot and I'm so happy you guys are enjoying it! If you want to leave feedback on what you want on the next chapters, plz plz comment down below and I'll put them in! Thanks everyone!
Sherlock pinched the bridge of his nose, hoping that he could still connect with John in his lucid state. "No, John, listen to me last night you were-"
Sherlock eagerly nodded in agreement as he leaned forward and captured John's lips in his own. There was a low moan from the two of them as they bit against each other's lips, eager to get another taste. Sherlock seemed to lean forward into John more after that and let out a contented sigh as the kiss became more controlled than last. It was ended however when John shifted in his seat and gently pushed Sherlock a little back.
Greg however ignored Sherlock and turned to Mycroft. "Listen I can't give you the $40 from the two boys petty argument-"
Rosie sniffled and gurgled at him as John chuckled and nodded at Greg before going to put her down.
"Did you? Sherlock have you forgotten that I have been in many circumstances like this and every time I or someone else have seen another dying person, we found a way. But you left her to die? How fucking selfish are you?!" John yelled.
John grumbled out something rude before shakily standing up with the help of Greg who held his arm as the two slowly went down the stairs. Sherlock kept his eyes on his back until he safely made it down the stairs. Turning swiftly to Mycroft, Sherlock walked quickly to him.
Sherlock quickly disappeared into the kitchen and Mycroft heard him shuffling, uncapping, and the sound of a helium machine being used. Sherlock returned and Mycroft groaned loudly. In front of him was a red balloon with a poorly drawn face, now tied to mycroft's hand.
Sherlock cut off his sentence as a wave of information smacked his brain causing John to jump into defense mode.
"Sh." John warned. "He's thinking. He's in his little mind palace so to speak."
It's far from over my friends...
Sherlock felt his jaw tense as he glared at her when he felt a hand go on his shoulder. John was frowning at Sherlock and then back at Joan.
Sherlock nods and begins to lean forward, John leaning at the same time to meet him halfway. Suddenly there's a cough and both boys turn to see Greg standing there sheepishly with the car parked on the side. John tries to let go of Sherlock's grip but Sherlock is relentless and remains attached to him, his eyes narrowed and body protective.
"Hello I'm Kate Winsley, head of the parent sing along!"
A piece of rice fell off his fork and onto the plate as Sherlock just continued eating. "Okay well if you're going to act like that, I did talk to Joan, the overly happy woman that looks as though she's going to burn down an entire neighborhood? Speaking of I believe she has a dark past and gets set off by easy things and so one day a woman makes fun of her cooking and BOOM! Her so called best friend is now in ruins." Sherlock said with a deep chuckle as he ate another piece of food.
"Wait." John spoke up. "She works at the daycare too?"
Sherlock frowned. "Well you were trying to kill me with your mout-"
Greg raised an eyebrow and laughed. "Oh my apologies I should've known she would be awake." Sarcasm dripping out of his comment.
"Oh I love you too Sherlock." Mycroft says bored as he types on his phone earning a strong glare from Sherlock.
Sherlock's eyebrows knit together as he comfortingly put a hand on the nape of John's neck. "I would rather be in this with you then for you to be alone."
Mycroft nodded and waved for Sherlock to continue, which he did.
Mycroft walked out of 221B and watched as Sherlock hailed a cab and took off quickly. Shaking his head at the detective's style, Mycroft walked to the crime scene where Greg was doing paperwork and finishing up with cleaning of the scene.
"KILL." John shouted, scaring Greg and Mycroft who had appeared at the scene. "Kill, yes when I was begging you to kill that woman who kept shouting in the restaurant."
Sherlock's smirk faded instantly. "What?"
Sherlock had a strong grip on John's hand as he jerked him forward, a small pout on his lips. "I don't like the way she smiles at you...."
Sherlock's eyes narrowed as he held open John's eyes, despite his squirming and shining a light in them with the help of Greg. He shined and looked at his eyes and saw that the drug was still active therefore forming the memory loss side of the drug. John wouldn't remember what had happened to him. Sherlock released John's eyes and simply caressed his cheek as he laid across his lap, still dazed from the drug.
The taxi driver nodded frantically and helped John in the car as he began to sweat.
Joan laughs and blinks innocently at Sherlock. "But dearest Sherlock I didn't make it in the first place. By changing the chemical alignment who is to stay I made it more dangerous? Maybe what I changed was something to protect the people in my little club." Joan leaned forward and sneered upwards at the detective. "Face it Sherlock, you. Can't. Touch. Me."
As Maria was talking, John took all those details and sorted it through his head. Organic herbs that make you pass out, break things, and feel drugged in a way? That is all what ketamine would do to the victims before they died. But how were they dying and how were they getting the drug pumped through their systems if there isn't any form of needle or pill?
Sherlock stared at John as he processed the words. The feeling he felt was weird, different and made him feel like he wanted to either throw up or take John Watson right here, right now.
John turned back to Joan and scratched the back of his neck. "Well, uh, we aren't.. um we aren't really together together but we are together and, uh, we-we are just raising Rosie platonically."
"Come on! 1, 2, 3 FUCK! Mycroft we are losing him ADD MORE PRESSURE!" Greg shouted as he took out a flashlight and shined it on his eyes.
Rip me Rip that person and Rip Joan cause she is a meanie
"Oh well thank you but I have to leave." John said suddenly standing up and feeling a wave of confusion as Joan walked up with a smile. "John didn't she explain to you the last rule? You don't leave until I tell you to."
"John-" Sherlock began.
Sherlock glowered at them while John chuckled as he carefully held one of Sherlock's hands. "You got jealous didn't youuuuu?"
John frowned. "Do you want me to, like, make a report of that? Cause that's not normal, seriously I would know I am dating a detective."
"That's enough." Sherlock snapped causing a surprised look on the three other men. "We are at a crime scene not the funeral. Let's just figure out what the hell is going on and finish this up."
John didn't know what to say. What could he say? I'm sorry? It's my fault? Come back to me? Thoughts flooded his mind as john stared at Sherlock, his eyes locked with John.
Sherlock held eye contact with John as he slowly lowered the machine and walked towards Sherlock.
Sherlock turned abruptly and marched towards the body and began to go through his process as John stared with a shocked and insulted look.
Mycroft arched his eyebrows. "You? Sherlock Holmes? Talking is not one of your strengths brother of mine."
Suddenly Sherlock was holding two sticks in his hands and was releasing a very high pitched version of Mozart. The other mothers stopped their children and stared in amazement as Sherlock rhythmically tapped against the piano keys. John's mouth fell down halfway through and he stared at Sherlock's expression and the movement of his fingers. As he continued playing, John's mind wandered into something more..... deep. He watched his hands go in beat with the keys, how his knuckles were clenched around the stick and showed his veins against the skin, how his long fingers gracefully moved against the piano. Traveling his eyes up, he looked at Sherlock's face. His lips were in a pout of concentration, eyebrows burrowed down in a state of amusement and play, and when John looked at his eyes in wonderment, Sherlock's flew to his and they held contact for what seemed like hours but it was merely seconds. Suddenly there was no calming music in the background but rather of applause and Sherlock's steely gaze locked onto John's glazed one.
<< If this will serve to ease Mary penalty I'm ready to do it >>.
<< It is not possible to fool him even by entering real boy names, because the server recognizes that the host from which he is writing cannot correspond to the cell of the boy's real home and throws out the intruder >>.
<< So you would like me to help the hacker of a group of investigative journalists, known for their action on the limits of legality? >>.
<< I tried to make her think, but she is so angry with you and does not believe in your repentance >> she tries to justify herself on the verge of tears.
<< He get stuck there for a week! His client bitterly regretted having contacted him >>.
<< What kind of job? >> she asks, observing him wary. Sherlock decides to continue playing the role of the fictional character who invented when he reached the Lake District Ski Club undercover. Such a woman may not like the idea of having a consulting detective at home.
<< Actually I was hoping for it, Sherlock >> Fox says, taking his hand. << Eyes like yours always come in handy >> he adds, smiling at him and John's stomach aches again.
<< In case it serves, our government will be happy to make itself useful by making available its ... means of persuasion >> says Mycroft and it is really strange to see him so willing to help others.
<< Oh my God, but you is not well, sir! I immediately call an ambulance >> the little man yells. << Even for him, I would say >> he adds, turning his worried gaze to the Martin.
<< Where are you going? >> asks John.
<< That's why people talk >>.
<< It is German. The sauna master pours water mixed with aromatic or balsamic essences on the stones of the stove, producing a lot of hot steam. Then increases the thermal stimulus with towel strokes aimed at people at regular intervals >>.
<< I believe it, you eat crap >>.
<< I apologie so much if I interrupted your reflections! >> John bursts on a war footing. << Why don't you continue as if nothing had happened, as you usually do? I'm used to being ignored >> he says, entering the kitchen. A hot tea to engage his hands and prevent him from getting into a fight is what it takes. John feels Sherlock's gaze behind him. Strangely, Sherlock does not reply. 'Mister last word' does not reply. Nor does he go back to playing.
<< Why isn't John with you? >>.
<< I am Dr. Watson, I have been authorized by Inspector Hataway to meet the detainee Mary Abbott >> John introduce himself, showing the sheet handed to him by the skeptical detective. The guard checks the document meticulously and then activating the intercom summons Mary to room number 5.
<< I could not have given a better answer. Except ... well, a son perhaps not, but a disciple yes. Someone to teach my work method, so that it is carried on and survives me >>.
<< I ... I suspected there was something, but ... >>.
<< I think there is always time to do it. It is part of the cure: on one side the medicines on the other the pebbles removed from the shoes >>.
<< Not her. It wouldn't have been she who killed me >>.
<< Good morning, Mary. You took advantage of the truce to go shopping, I see >>.
The doctor and the consultant reach the kitchen and find Morgan sunk with his whole head in a huge bowl and William kneeling beside him with a handful of biscuits. At his side a woman in her fifties, with abundant breasts and soft shapes, offers to William a glass full of milk. Red eyes indicate a recent cry.
<< Do you know what was written on the sheet of paper? >> Greg asks.
Sherlock made a tour of the Spa and now lies down on one of the long wooden benches in the dining room, observing the local fauna. He still cannot understand what is beautiful in such a place. He finds it warm, humid, the ideal place where bacteria of all kinds happily proliferate. It cannot stand the pungent smell of essential oils.
<< Allow me to insist, Mr. Holmes >> says the director.
<< Ok, ok, I promise. I promise everything you want >>.
<< Being discovered as the daughter of a Scotland Yard investigator made her banned from the portal. Now she is undergoing cyberbullying. George sent me some screenshots of the messages he found on his sister's computer today. It seems they have put around false rumors and photos, that Lizzy says have been retouched with Photoshop, that portray her in equivocal and undressed attitudes >> Sherlock tells him, passing the cellphone. John reads that wave of free badness to the detriment of a girl who has already experienced a stressful situation and shakes his head disconsolate.
<< Dr. Watson is strong >> says William and Morgan barks in agreement.
<< Hey, Myc, are you all right? >> asks him, taking refuge in his instinct as a doctor ready to take care of others.
John remains still, his hands behind his back, watching Sherlock do that unusual job of tidying up before sitting down in his armchair. Only then does John take his place. John sees Sherlock looking an unspecified point on the chimney and he decides that it takes tea to face the latter part of the story. John puts the kettle on and prepares the cups, occasionally glancing at his flatmate, always lost in contemplating the fireplace. John sits down with the two cups in his hand and, contrary to what he thought, Sherlock wakes up to take his own from him.
Sherlock rented the car under the name Edward Nolton, they had discovered. He was investigating undercover, Hugh Paddington explained, to carry out his investigations undisturbed.
<< Really? >>.
<< You're trivial >> confirms John. << Why limit yourself to half the sky when you can have it completely? >>.
<< Did they shoot her calming bullets? The same ones that the hunters use for bear hunting?>> John asks him in amazement. Mycroft merely nods solemnly.
<< Because I was afraid >>.
<< No, if you want to be lame for the rest of your days >> Mycroft replies. Sherlock at first turns up his nose then, however, lets himself go to a fat laugh.
John adjusts pleasantly to his slowness and Sherlock allows him to embrace him, to gently caress his back. To cover his neck with kisses, as John loves so much. Sherlock sighs and John, excitedly, bites him the neck, perhaps a little too loud. Fearing that he dared too much, John moves away, but he hears Sherlock laughing out loud. He places his forehead against John's. His face is serene, his smile amused.
<< We are flatmates >> he replies and fragments of that Saturday night come back overbearing to him.
<< The snowplows are doing everything possible to make the roads accessible >>.
These, like a curtain, just leave a window open to show the heavily make-up eyes with a thick layer of dark pencil and rimmel, the face made even more pale by the face powder and the mouth colored by a black lipstick. A necklace obtained from a strip of leather cut in several points wraps her neck falling softly on the perfect small breast, tightened by a black bodice with burgundy inserts. A soft skirt surrounds her thin waist by falling irregularly in the middle of the toned thighs covered by tights torn in several places. Now John understands why Sherlock hired a punk to stay behind the girl.
<< No, she would never have done it! >> Sherlock exclaims and the heart rate monitor rings again. << I was the first person who rescued after she eliminated the family. It is impossible to think that Mary has not introjected part of the behaviors that she has seen implemented throughout their lives. These took shape in this cruel personality, made of prejudices and violent behavior, the same that she suffered. Mary is constantly struggling with this part. We spent long days together, she and I, without the evil-Mary showing up. We had found a sort of balance and I am sure that if there hadn't been a storm to prevent it, Mary would have brought me to Hataway >>.
<< You mustn't have to tear it away like that! >> he had shouted at her, painfull. He learned there that it is better not to upset, to insult, nor to reproach Mary's actions.
Merciful mother:
<< Why? Are you no sleepy? >>.
<< The confirmation of my brother's presence in this house, however, is obtained from two objects that I found here. One is this >> says Mycroft, putting a violin case under John's nose. << It must have been a long time since no one opened it. The hinges are rusty >> he explains with a strange tiredness in his voice. << However, it was recently played and ... look here >> Mycroft says, indicating the hanging of the strings on the tailpiece. << In tuning it, a rope must have escaped the tailpiece and Sherlock put it in place by knotting it in the way he invented and which, in his opinion, is more resistant >>.
Sherlock comes out of the bathroom, relieving John of the embarrassing situation. Lestrade illustrates the case and John listens to them, taking his seat in his chair. Seeing Sherlock return to the role of the  consulting detective fills him with joy. Sherlock was locked with the plaster in his leg so long time that John  feared he would go mad. Luckily helping Mary had distracted him enough. Now, deprived of the plaster, Sherlock can move, albeit with crutches, and return to investigate. John already sees his eyes light up at the idea of investigating. He definitely needs a new case.
<< Of course, they will be very useful for our investigation >> Sherlock replies.
<< The last thing we know about him is that he would come down here to carry out the investigation. No matter how good he is at driving, the snow is fresh and the roads were in bad condition even before the storm arrived >>.
November 24th
<< Mary needs me. I have to help her >> Sherlock replies with a mild but stubborn resistance.
<< Take a cold shower, otherwise the situation gets worse >> John says, accompanying him one step at a time to the bathroom.
<< Quite >> the brother replies, bringing a glass of fresh water to Sherlock's lips, from which he takes a few sips.
These words squeeze Sherlock's stomach so hard that he makes an effort to keep from vomiting.
<< Me too >> Sherlock blurts out, wiping his forehead with the back of his hand.
<< Ok, I really think you can let me go now >>.
<< Even if he died at home? >> asked John, provocatively.
<< Thank you too >> replies the man, absent-mindedly drying his shiny eyes.
<< Thank you, Mr. Holmes. Our means of persuasion are also very efficient, but we will not give up accepting your help in case the subject proves to be a tough nut to crack >>.
<< How is it going between you and Sherlock? >> Greg asks him. They had little opportunity to talk to each other, not only because of the hard work John had to stay behind Sherlock, but also because the doctor didn't have the courage to face the detective after the lecture he did to him.
<< Sherlock, it's a kidnapping. There is also a child involved >> John tries to make him reason.
<< Yeah >> John agrees observing the movement. << Maybe this was his job. Make me open my eyes, get us together and meet, thanks to us, William >>.
<< Mary !! >> screams and finally something moves.
<< Do you have news from Sky on the portal? >> Sherlock asks. The man brings his hand to his right ear and lets out a curse in Spanish .
<< Yes, I know that she love me >> he says, holing up against Sherlock's chest.
William shivers at the sound of Sharon's sweet voice singing that song.
Their looks meet for a long moment. John shivers in front of those eyes of ice so serious and severe on him and in response he wears the captain's uniform, stiffening his body ready for battle.
<< Chocolate and cream? >> repeats evaluating the proposal. He doesn't care, he notes. << Why not? >> he says sketching a smile, just to make her happy. That's how he sees her reacting to his words. With happyness, in fact.
<< How don't you leave anyone? What about Molly? >> asks him. The bright eyes she puts on, every time he talks about Molly, look at him upset.
<< Did she show you that draw among her drawings? >> John asks, noting how Sherlock has remained too calm to hear the words of the spouses. The two look at each other again.
<< Was it also Moriarty? >>.
<< Well, this time it went like this. I have to collect samples to analyze >>.
<< What's going on? >> John breathless question,  approaching the two standing.
<< I made a mess, Greg >> throws John out, feeling the need to download the sense of guilt.
"He is leaving me" think irrationally. Sherlock again turn his gaze to the guitarist who ended his medley meaningless. Their eyes still cross, the lips curve in a smile and John decides that he has remained there to act as a candle too much.
The Napoleon of crime, or rather the version of him who lives in Sherlock's Mind Palace, aske him an uncomfortable question that leaves him speechless.
<< Don't you think we should talk about what happened on Saturday, Sherlock? >> John asks him, crossing his arms over his chest.
<< Morgan! >> aks William to the dog, who turns to them. He seems to sense Kelly's intentions and follows them. They go to the kitchen door and William sees a shadow rushing in their direction.
<< A beer with Greg in the pub, like every Friday. Did you know it's Friday? >>.
<< They are black, not blond. You also lied about those >> she scolds him.
<< Precisely! >>.
It is difficult to keep his eyes open. Everything swirls around him too much. Sherlock clings to the man who keeps telling him that everything is fine, while Sherlock feels that everything is going wrong. Sherlock’s Mind Palace goes mad, sending back memories related to the period of detoxification, the withdrawal crisis, those moments when he was dizzy and nauseated just like now.
"It does not make sense!" Sherlock's upset mind shouts.
<< Who tells us that it was not she who threatened the parents by forcing them to kill those people? >> Hataway retorted, when John presented him with the registers found, making him aware of how the parents and brothers had started the long series of murders. If even the chief inspector of the small district of her country is against her, pointing to her as the only person responsible for the facts, what possibilities a woman like this can have to obtain the right punishment?
<< No, its exact opposite >> Sherlock points out. << For this we need that Lizzy collaborate with us. So that we can use her access, assuming that they haven't already thrown her out completely, and enter the system to find out by whom it is managed and  eradicate it. At least until someone will tries to emulate it. However, I managed to understand how it is structured in broad lines. I looked for suicide reports in which the victim left a drawing as a ticket and I found this data >> he says, by opening a file on the desktop.
<< I haven't learned. So I was born >> answers and John find an unusual sad note in Sherlock's voice. Morgan leans over to lick Sherlock's hand and receives a caress from him.
<< It is an ointment for bruises. It must be freezing, Sherlock >> John explains, continuing his work undaunted.
<< Where did she take him, Mary? >> John asks her, feeling the urgency to find Sherlock.
<< You mean that ... >> John says, pointing at Fox. << Are you part of the team of investigative journalists of 'El Mundo'? >> asks in amazement. Sherlock nods and Fox barely smiles at John.
<< Red Beard >>.
<< Yes, John. Sherlock glared at me when I asked him the same thing. You should agree on how to educate the dog. Otherwise he will get confused and everything will be more difficult >>.
<< Thanks anyway, Leslie. I hang one of these on the bulletin board, if you don't mind >> says the inspector, showing him one of the posters they have prepared in which the photo of Sherlock with the deerstalker on his head stands out above the word 'disappeared'.
<< Please >> Sherlock can barely whisper as he backs away terrified.
“The person saved him. The person shouted at the child to run away, run as much as he can, and hide himself "and the child obeyed. Frightened. Maybe he didn't want to leave the person, but this must have insisted. A woman, of course. It can only be a woman. Women are used to being with children, aren't they?
<< Captain of the Rifleman Northumberland. Why you ask me this, now? >>.
<< She will be sentenced anyway >>.
<< Sorry >> he whispers in turn, freeing him from the grasp of his hands. << Those bruises. Before you didn't have them and they are the same ... >>.
<< However >>, adds Sherlock, << nothing prevents us from listening to what you have to tell us and then decide if it is appropriate to load him with this additional weight or not >>.
<< Sherlock's latest great idea >> says John shrugging. Greg laughs loudly .
"I don't think it's the right time to discuss this, Sherlock."
<< I don't know what to think, Mycroft >> John shouts, beating his fists on the desk. << I just know Sherlock's not anywhere. He might have really gone off to chase a case, or he might float on the bottom of the Thames with concrete shoes on his feet, as far as I know at the moment. I am as accustomed as you to his ways of doing and if I tell you that I am worried, please, take it into consideration >>.
<< Sherlock! >> he says and the consultant turns to him, slowing his pace until he stops. << You can't tell me such a thing and then leave as if nothing had happened! >> John exclaims panting.
John can't be indifferent to this umpteenth sardonic laugh. He grab the cop for the collar of the jacket with such force that he can be lifted off the ground and pushed against a tree. The impact is such that some snowdrifts fall from the branches and dust their jackets.
The man's heartfelt words are like a contracted stomach balm, which relaxes a little wrapped in an intoxicating heat.
<< Mycroft >>, John sighs, bringing his hand to his eyes. << I don't have his ... your intelligence. I am a common idiot, how can I deal with this situation? >>.
So John remained until the arrival of the helicopter, called by Hataway at the same moment when John ran out of the Abbott house. John had resisted those who wanted to take Sherlock out of his arms. He doesn't remember what happend after. Maybe the paramedics  explained him the importance of wrapping Sherlock in warming blankets, loading him on the aircraft and taking him to the hospital as soon as possible.
<< What makes you believe that I can get into your clothes? >>.
The two brothers remain locked in each other's eyes for a long time. John imagines that they are communicating with thought. He is certain that two like them would be able to do it.
<< What are you saying? She held you prisoner. She beat you, segregated in a storage room and thrown away like garbage and would you like to help her? >> asks Mycroft incredulously.
Sherlock chuckles satisfied and winks at William, who appears confused but more serene, in the shadow of this combative and determined mother.
The van suddenly stops. Mary slams down the door. Sherlock hears her heavy footsteps, muffled by the snow, go around the van and open the tailgate. Sherlock tightens even more in the blanket lowered on the face. Mary huge hands grab him. Sherlock offer no resistance as he pulls him out of the van. She holds him in his arms and he barely sees her serious, concentrated face. Mary then stops and remains still for a long moment. The wind is strong and makes the blanket dance. Sherlock trembles and teeth chatter.
<< But you are not a ski instructor and your name is not Edward >>.
<< I don't know what you're thinking. I intend to close this story tonight and to set a trap for my attacker >>.
<< No. Neither that, nor anything else. The only thing we can do is study the area and speculate where the corpses come from >>.
<< Shut up! >> the girl screams, jumping to her feet.
Sherlock's eyes burn and his throat starts to itch. He coughs a few times, cursing himself for wearing contanct lenses. He removes them by rubbing his eyes, taking care not to be seen, and goes back to studying the sauna master. He is muscular and nervous, but also strangely flexible in the way of shaking the towel. The master is not very tall, nor too imposing, yet he has a stage presence that allows him to keep everyone present in hand.A warm wind, moved by the towel, expertly stirred by the master, spreads through the sauna.
<< Most of the time just because of you >> retorts John, making the two Lestrade laugh.
<< William Ford >> nods the child.
<< Me >> Sherlock says, taking everyone by surprise. << If he is not in shape or, worse, if he were to be transferred due to negligence, I would lose the opportunity to participate in the investigations, which would be annoying to say the least! >>.
"He died during an investigation. In turn victim of the mad serial killer that he was chasing ". Yes, it's sounds good as headline from major news outlets ” notes James. "Tell me, though, if things had gone differently with your doctor, would you have let yourself go like this?".
"What would it be to say 'you don't care'?" he asks, in fact, breaking his own silence.
<< Good boy. And don't try to retract, you know? I would come to pick you up anywhere to complete the work and if you are smart even half of what you have shown you will have understood that I am capable to do such a thing. Have you understand? >>.
John lets go him and Martin falls down like a sack of potatoes.
"Do you hope it, tell me the truth?" James chuckles.
<< Edward ... >> repeats John, who takes a moment to remember that his friend was working incognito. << He is fine >>.
<< I putted aside a beautiful bone for him >> Angelo says loudly.
<< You! Small sack of fleas >> screams, trying to grab Morgan. She turns on herself, the dog hanging on a buttock and intent on not giving up. Sharon grabs the dog by the tail, trying to tear him away, but a hand takes her by the neck and brings her to know very closely the same wall against which the puppy launched earlier.
December 6th
Greg takes John by the arm and drags him out of the office. They reach the dormitory, which consists of six beds, and the doctor throws the bag, in which he has putted few things, over one of them.
<< Do you think having the British government here can make any difference? Is it capable of melting the snow on command? >>.
Sherlock looks away from his and, decisively, frees the wrist from his grasp.
<< And this is not good, don't you understand? The most logical thing you should do would be to leave, John. Anyone would do it before the risk of becoming a continuous bait and I don't understand why you didn't do it >>.
Sherlock says, taking the letter found in the staff changing rooms from the pocket of his bathrobe. He waves it under the master's nose making him pale.
John smiles and a few tears escape his control. A happy ending, already. A happy ending for a non-existent story built ad hoc for the upset mind of a single woman. A lie that would be cruel to take her away.
<< I'm not a whore! >> Sherlock exclaims. He calls all his few strength to himself to take a leap towards him. Sherlock squeezes his hands around Moriarty's neck, intending to silence him once and for all.
Sherlock, however, does not feel it. He continues to stare at the void. That bastard took advantage of the victim's unwell condition and also his own. This is how it works. He should be there to help those who do not react well to the Aufguss and instead take advantage of them, and then leave them stunned and upset in the locker room.
<< Sorry, Annette >> this was, in the end, the correct name of the woman. << This morning I had to deal with a really unpleasant situation >> he says and his mind proposes him two images: on one side the lifeless girl; on the other Sherlock who relieves him of the case while exchanging smiles and glances with an unknown vagabond. John doesn't know which one disturbs him most.
Squeezed in John's arms, after the pleasant oblivion that the proximity of their bodies can give him, Sherlock expects that Morgan climb up on the bed and crouch between their intertwined legs. When he realizes how impossible this is, the heat of tears rises to his eyes. He sinks his face against John's chest, which reflexively squeezes him even more, perhaps lost in the same thoughts.
The staff of the hospital tried to get him out of that room. They invited him to rest for at least a couple of hours in a real bed, to take a breath of air, to eat something at the hospital canteen. John dismissed all the kind proposals with the usual decisive affirmation: << This is my place. From here I don't move >>.
<< You are young, doctor, and when I was still your age maybe I could have. Now ... now it would all be useless. I am old and tired and I have to put up with it. I just can't be change. I may even want to and even get away with it in other circumstances. In these conditions, however ... >> shakes his head, leaving his thoughts incomplete.
<< You look but do not observe >> says loudly Sherlock, immediately joined by John and Greg. The rest of the team hangs around, curious, on the threshold. Only Anderson mutters in annoyance to himself, sitting on the steps of the stairs.
"Why do you have to pull it so long, I say?" continues Moriarty, ignoring him. "Did you like it? Did he enjoy you? Well, keep this and throw everything else away. You knew well how an idiot was John, like everyone else. He only confirmed it to you. Do you know what news? Every day people confirm their idiocy. "
<< Now it's all clear to me! I need the list of Spa staff members and their weekly planning. Immediately! >>.
"Seen from outside, sexual intercourse is violent" James whispers in Sherlock's ear. “It is almost difficult to distinguish rape from a consensual relationship. The facial expression of pleasure is completely similar to that of pain. Also the cries that are produced. Then, when the two subjects are so tight against each other, it is even more difficult. Does one squeeze the other to prevent him from running away or to keep him pleasantly to himself? And the other sinks his nails into the flesh in a desperate attempt to defend himself or for a voluptuous animal gesture? But I'm asking too many questions" Moriarty laughs, his warm breath touching Sherlock's face," I just think you're beautiful. So free, without any inhibition, devoted to the exclusive pursuit of carnal pleasure. Alive! Oh dear, yes, you are alive for once, at least, in your life made of continuous deductions ".
<< John, I realize how important the situation is, but I feel the duty to point out that it's madness, my friend >>.
<< You know why, Harry >> he says, reaching the bed with a heavy step. John lets himself fall on his stomach on the soft mattress and on the sheets that give him the good and still fresh scent of the fabric softener. This bed seems so immensely empty to him tonight. Given the location of their respective rooms, he knows that no disturbing noise should disturb him. The passing passions are consumed in one night and certainly the same will happen with this. John postpones everything the next day, sure that he can go down to prepare a tea without finding the presence of the intruder anymore. Now, he turns off the spotlight on this long day full of too many emotions.
<< Of corse >> Sherlock says, moving on to browse the documents he got on the local population. << The serials are habitual, obsessive, manic. They follow a precise pattern and do not give it up. You can only frame them if they make a mistake >>.
<< Then it's better that I go. I want to bring those bastards inside as soon as possible >>.
<< Here you are >> she says smiling. << Now you can start >>.
"If you tell her not to, Mary will ask you why and if she should find out that she has welcomed an ex-junkie into the house, how do you think it will end?".
<< You almost killed him to save me >> Sherlock whispers, keeping his eyes down on his hands.
<< I ... I do not know ... she told me to clean everything when she returned >> repliesn shrugging.
The criminal starts laughing. A coarse laugh, without any sense in front of what he has just confessed to him.
<< Is that what you feel? >> John asks Sherlock, making him blush. Sherlock just nods looking away.
Let the bow slide on the strings, his fingers nimble on the handle, in search of other vibrations. Different images appear at the eyes of his mind and Sherlock sends them all to the violin, transforming them into sounds and vibrations. Sometimes sharp and fast, other short and slow. Deep. Evocative.
<< This is not a plan, Sherlock >>.
John decides to bring with him what is needed for the shower and to take a tour of the hotel first. In more comfortable clothes he feels better and decides to go to the bar. John orders lunch and a drink and sit down to study what the Spa offers. There is a large choice of different types of massage, the wellness program with aromatherapy, the thermal pools of different temperatures and, of course, the sauna and Turkish bath. An activity recently proposed at the hotel Spa captures his attention.
John slingshot at his side and places a hand on his shoulder.
"Don't keep it inside, Sherlock?" Mycroft appears at his side, taking him by surprise. “Spit it out. You will feel lighter afterwards, little brother " he says with a smile.
Sherlock smiles. Yes, a sincere smile. Little girl Mary's version isn't all that bad. He would like to have her there always. As he removes the beard he realizes how the bruise on the right side of the head also extends to the cheek and cheekbone.
<< What is it, Morgan? >> Sherlock asks and the puppy turns to look at him barking only once. << Search! >> Sherlock orders him and Morgan snaps on the stairs. Sherlock, John and Greg rush after him. Morgan scratches the door of one of the rooms at the end of the corridor. Sherlock opens it and the dog come inside. The consultant follows him, gesturing to John and Greg to stay in the doorway.
A single bed very similar to the one used in hospitals, a poor art style wooden bedside table with a green fringed bedside lamp and a desk on the opposite wall. The chair has been moved near the bed to accommodate the person who brought Sherlock there.
<< Am I ruining your reputation?>> exclaims Sherlock indignantly, standing up.
Sherlock gets up from the sofa laughing, with the laptop in his hand. He staggers on shaky legs and John is already afraid of seeing him collapse on the ground, destroy the computer and maybe even break himself something .
<< Instead, I have to go back, damn it! >> Greg snort, by returning the communication to the colleague. << That damned case. Apparently something new has happened and they need me on the field. Jesus, Mycroft, you can't imagine how much I miss your brother's help right now >> he says, bringing a cigarette to his lips. He starts to light it, but the lighter does not cooperate and before a nervous breakdown catches him, Mycroft intervenes to help him. He triggers the fuse of his golden lighter right under Greg's nose.
<< No! This no! >> Sherlock growls, punching the blankets with a fist. << I don't want him anymore! He no longer exists for me! >>.
<< Where does this flea come from? >>.
<< This is the strangest 'confession before a beer' that has ever happened to me >> admits Greg.
<< How many times do I still have to repeat it? >> snorts, although, in truth, he only told them once and by phone. << The storm has put the telephone lines and repeaters out of order >>.
<< What about Mycroft doing? >> Sherlock asks him, just taking a look in the direction of his brother.
Sharon reaches the top of the stairs and open with a kick the door of Ford's bedroom.
Who knows, perhaps 'three-continents Watson' that single case highlighted as wrong and never to be repeated would have made it happen again, to always blame it.
<< Do you and your colleagues have a plan, Mr. Fox? >> polite question Mycroft, bringing attention back to the man and the speech on the portal.
<< I didn't ... I didn't have to react that way. I didn't go away like a drama queen >>.
<< Let's take stock of the situation >> says Sherlock in a theatrical way, pacing the space in front of the pit, back and forth. He puts his joined hands under the chin. << Two weeks ago, our excavator friend discovered this mass grave which counts  40 bodies who died in different eras, as you rightly pointed out. The hole is 4 miles from the Lake District Sky club. The district club commissioned the works for the construction of a new ski track and a new club to accommodate vacationers. The city of Threlkeld is at 12 miles from here and the city of Penrith is at 32 miles. Before the beginning of the works, this area was devoid of homes and even shelters. There was only that small chapel >> Sherlock says, turning to indicate a stone construction now almost totally eroded by bad weather. << It is possible that our serial killer is also a devotee and comes to deposit his victims in the shadow of the Virgin to lighten his conscience for the evil he has done >> hypothesizes Sherlock, drumming his fingers together in rapid succession. << Do you have any hypothesis on the cause of death? >> Sherlock asks to Molly who has diligently listening to him. The girl jumps into the hole and kneels among the corpses to examining them. Sherlock watches her attentively.
<< She has been determined >> Sherlock says, the hands joined to the chin in that reflective and calm pose that indicates the frenetic work of his brain. << She first traced the drawing, sitting at the desk using that red pen >> he says, pointing to the girl's work surface, where the pen pointing towards the body, like an arrow. << Then she retraced the line with the razor blade. It was a slow, painful job, yet she didn't stop. She managed to complete the work diligently before being seized by the weakness of bleeding >>.
John greets her and pulls behind the door. John go to  'Speedy', where he discovers that the puppy is known.
<< What game did she propose to you? >> asks John.
<< How do we move? >>.
"Recently murdered" Sherlock deduces. He does not come close to the body. There is nothing he can do for that man, except deduce that he was killed by a close-up shot, which exploded by a person who was leaning against the car. Car owned by the deceased himself.
<< In fact, it is a little long >> he stammers, bringing his hand to the face, covered by the unkempt beard of almost a week.
<< Very good >> Sherlock replies. << Sky is destroying the portal structure one piece at a time. A virtually compelling pursuit >>.
<< Who is Albert Ford? >> asks John.
<< Yes, thanks, I can do it alone >> Sherlock insists, reaching for himself the shower.
An intense and sweet lavender scent invests them. It comes from potpourri jars scattered almost everywhere. An oak desk is placed in front of the large window overlooking the garden, from which you can see the kennel that hosted Silver. There are many books piled up untidily on the desk but no manuscripts.
Mycroft merely shows that drawn smile of his and takes a long drag on the cigarette.
<< Which case? >> Sherlock replies, smiling.
"Really?" James teases him. “I, on the other hand, believe Johnny-boy will remain on you, like a venereal disease. A herpes that remains latent under the skin to appear when you least expect it. "
<< She was transferred to a prison psychiatric clinic and will stay there until the end of the trial >>.
<< Yes >> she answers immediately, her gaze fixed on the notebook. << Why did you get it? >> asks him.
Sherlock does not reply, which is unusual. He reaches the trays and lifts the first lid. Smell the air and wrinkle his nose.
<< The medley play by the guitarist in Trafalgar Square, that made you so nervous >>.
It is the first time that Greg has heard Sherlock talk about rest and he doesn't like it at all. He turns his worried gaze on John whom with a nod, lets him understand that he has the situation under control. Greg nods and leaves the changing room.
<< No >> admits the consultant, his hand still massaging the injured wrist. << I insist in saying that you are too involved. Not only from the case of girls, apparently >>.
<< Going back to the boots you found. No, they are not the same. Sharon Milton would never use the same pair of shoes to commit her crimes. She read enough crime book to feel like an expert. She is not smart enough, which plays in our favor. She used shoes of the same model, those supplied to Tesco's staff. You will also find a uniform with a tear at the left leg >>.
<< It must have snowed a lot if you call here the army, Mr Inspector >> she observes, continuing to stealthily look at John. These short and elusive glances annoy the doctor, which is rather strange, given his renowned patience with the weakest people.
<< Do you have the gun with you? >> asks him worried.
<< It's off, genius. The heat takes a while to dissolve. Didn't you learn it in school? >>.
Chapter 8
<< She will have to find a solution >> he repeats and once again panic pushes to take over. Edward has been threatened. A punishment awaits him, if he still dares to have the bad habit of masturbating to the point of bleeding.
"You are cooked, dear Johnny!" Chuckles Harriet in his head and John chuckles in turn, barely looking away from the consultant and then bringing him back. He discovers that Sherlock is looking at him in turn. John smiles at him without realizing it. In fact, he usually represses this spontaneity, especially with Sherlock. John sees him wavering. His eyes widening just a little more, before answering him smile. Everything around him could even break out right now and John wouldn't even realize it.
"You still have them on, in a way!" Moriarty laughs.
<< Yes. Liland had four boys and... her. Unfortunately, she was big and there were complications during the birth that made her a little... late. Could be that she scary, but she is a shy and reserved creature >>.
<< You're the one who always wrong the times, Sherlock, not him >> she smiles at him. Sherlock looks at her bewildered, unable to understand her words. << Love does not kill, my son. Love saves >>.
John calls the dog to himself. He know what the experiment Sherlock wants to try and, followed by Greg and the chief, he moves to the back of the room. A good number of forensic agents, including the skeptic Anderson, join their onlookers.
<< I want to participate in the investigation >> John says, resolutely. Sherlock looks at him wrong.
<< Undoubtedly the first thing that catches my eye is her size >> John begins, but Mycroft interrupts him immediately.
<< How's the girl? >>.
<< No, Alfred! >> the woman shouts to her husband. << Stop continuing to repeat it! I felt it ... adolescence and the most intimate issues and all the other nonsense with which you came out every time I pointed out the thing had nothing to do with it. We should have faced her and asked her the reason for that sudden change and maybe ... maybe >> she shuts up, returning to press her hand against her lips. She closes her eyes in a silent cry. The husband, standing a few steps away from her, breathes heavily. John sees in the small distance the crack that will affect their relationship.
<< Are you really asking me? >> asks Sherlock amazed. << Game of glances, exchange of smiles, do you know? I thought you were a master of seduction, with all the women with whom you flirt >>.
Their eyes meet and John immediately returns serious. He coughs a little and straightens his back.
<< Oh, Mr. Holmes, Doctor Watson! Billy is constantly talking about you. He is so happy that you are dealing with this bad story >> the girl welcomes them, holding their hands in his. << I am Kelly Jonson, William's nanny and she is Ulrika Moresku, the cook >> she says, introducing the other woman, who shakes their hand vigorously. << When I got here this morning the police told me that the kidnapper  taken also Billy. Instead, he is here and I'm so happy >> the nanny says, crying sincere tears of joy. << Billy told me he closed himself in the closet. He told me about that game proposed by his mother. Billy kept telling me that she was worried that someone would hurt them >>.
"It is. God, if it is, ”John thinks, holding his friend close. "The best, however, are crazy" he smiles, placing a kiss between Sherlock's curls and then another and another, until the crying subsides.
<< At the beginning I didn't want him >> John breaks the silence, smiling. << Instead now ... >>
<< The problem, Sherlock, is that people keep taking us for a couple >>
<< John >> whispers Sherlock, bringing a trembling hand to his mouth.
<< Help me ground these inscription cards, William. At a distance of half a meter from each other >> Sherlock hands a part of the cards to the child and, together, they lay them on the floor, covering it almost completely. When they finished, Sherlock calls Morgan to him and takes him to the footprints left by the kidnapper.
<< You shouldn't have been there! >>.
<< This is impossible, doctor? >> exclaims Hataway. << You also saw where the car was and I can't believe that someone would risk their lives to help a stranger or to rob him >>.
