Steve—followed.  Tony stopped, tensing all over, until Steve stepped up beside him.  “Don’t walk behind me,” Tony quipped, almost playful but still a bit too flat to be sincere.
, and Thor’s hearty laugh as Clint embraced him with an audible collision.
No response.  He gulped, fumbling for the metal wrist band that could scan for life signs—
Clint knocked on Steve’s window.  Steve pressed a little button to roll it down.  The miracle of modern technology.  “. . . Yes?”
“‘If life were predictable, it would cease to be life,’” Tony said, “‘and be without flavor.’”
, a steaming hot, freshly brewed espresso, in my hand, in the next ten minutes, or I will make my own cadaver.”  After a beat, Tony added, almost politely, “And a pair of shoes wouldn’t go awry, either, there’s a hole in mine.”
“Very well.”  Carter looked at Tony.  “I have a mission for you two.”
, I’m in charge,” Tony reminded around a mouthful.
Iron Man searched far and wide, chasing every mirage, every glimpse of hope on the horizon.
They landed well outside the city, freezing cold despite the heat of July—it was always cold, up top—and thankfully unaccompanied.  Steve wobbled a little when he stepped back, legs stiff.  “You should be more careful,” Iron Man advised.  “You know, safewords are there for a reason.”
Steve obligingly shut up.  The silence was loud—the cave amplified his own panicked breathing, but he could also hear the slower wash of Steve’s.  He focused on it, willing himself to be calm.  He was fine.  He was
He waited to feel disenchanted, dissimilated, culturally cut off.
Tony locked all the doors and crept under the covers, uncaring that it was some ungodly hour in the evening and he was still too wired to rest.  Too uptight to possibly enjoy a good night’s sleep.  He was cold and shifty, unbalanced.  He only settled a little when Steve settled beside him, big, warm, unbreakable.
, Steve had replied, with dryness bordering on shyness,
“No,” Steve said.  “It’s for the cookies.”
“What’s the point’a all this?” Steve went on, gesturing at Thor, holding a rather large and very sad-looking teddy bear.  “Where’d you get that?  And what happened to it?”
In the next instant, Snow rammed the steel door inward.  A powerful oily stench filled the air as smoke oozed from Snow’s open, growling maw.  Tony gripped Actinium and Curium tightly to his chest, huddling under Marker’s golden wing.  He could not see what happened through the thick membrane, but he heard Cadmium cheep once before being abruptly cut off.  He crushed the hatchlings to his chest, fearing the worst, before Snow clicked in contentment, shuffling back out of the broken lab door.  Cadmium cheeped a few more times, then quieted as Snow clicked again.
” Bruce said, smiling vaguely, like he was trying to remember how to smile.  “
“Oh, good,” Tony said, breathing hard but trying to hide it.
“Huh.”  Tony pivoted the car and set it back on the trail.
He could not accept it.  It did not matter that he had fought an alien army on behalf of a country claiming to be his own.  None of it or them resonated with him.  Even their voices sounded wrong, pulling him out of the reality he was trying to accept.
“Oh, God,
“Here’s one,” the clerk said, holding up a bag of cat litter.
The Nibirans clucked.  They hooted.  The elder muttered something that sounded disparaging and without consonants.
“OK,” Steve said, releasing Thor, who smiled, swung Mjolnir in one idle arc, then set it on the ice.  “Be careful,” he advised, anyway, as Thor leaped into the cave in a single bound.
Bruce gripped the railing for dear life.  Thor laughed openly in enjoyment.
And Steve gratefully took the out for what it was.
“Tony,
ever found,” and felt Tony muffle a laugh against his shoulder.
“I, for one, welcome our post-Barton lifestyle,” Tony said, looping one of the strings around Steve’s wrist before Steve could yank his arm away and growl at Tony to keep his hands off.  “Where’d you get that?” Tony asked Bruce, who was standing nearby, holding a steaming cup of coffee and looking only slightly guilty about it.  He sipped at it rather than answering.  “
“Wow,” Steve said.  The flame dissolved, leaving smoky lines.  “Do that again.”
, and ducked below the surface, using river dynamics to his advantage.  Water moved faster below the surface.  He jetted downstream towards the maelstrom ahead, miscalculating how much harder it would be to resurface in the turbulent discharge.
11:11 P.M.
Another cosmic shift.  Tony recoiled automatically, a full step back, when he found himself standing amid a battlefield, littered with hundreds of bodies.  Stovok walked among them calmly, occasionally crouching to press his fingers against the back of their neck, where the Vulcan carotid was located.  He eventually stopped and looked around, took in the devastation, one of countless Romulan offenses on Federation-protected planets, all done to draw out Earth’s forces, to separate them as much as possible.
Tony had evidently had enough of the guest bedroom, sitting on the floor in the hallway, legs spread in front of him, blocking the path to the master.  “I brought lunch,” Steve greeted, holding out a plate.  Tony ignored him.  “Thought you might be hungry.”
. o .
“Our strength is at its potential peak,” Stovok said patiently.  “Now is the time.”  He then looked meaningfully at the hole in the ground.
“What’s there to tell?” Steve replied, abruptly closing the box and storing it with the others.  “It worked.”
“Do you have any idea who I am?”
Steve sipped his drink mutely.
He was.  Angry.  Afraid.  Anguished.  He held onto Steve’s arm.  It did not budge.  He found comfort in it, the sheer substantiality.  It felt real.  Not like imaginary spiders or even the desperate pounding of his own heart.  “I just.”
“It’s okay,” Steve assured, releasing Tony’s ankle—
them.
“Jeremiah!” Coleman repeated.  Steve kept a perfectly flat expression on his face as the bloodhound brought back the freshly-tossed shoe, covered in slobber.
“He’s. . . .”  Tony petered off.  “Wait a second, when did he leave the ship?  He wasn’t on board the BDR.”  He stood up, feeling sick with realization.  “What the hell happened?”
.  Then Bruce said, “Phobos.”
Marker looked up at the sky for a long moment, wings fluttering.
Stovok scowled.  “You cannot fool me twice.  This is another lemon.”
“I guess,” Steve said neutrally, then, in the same, calm,
That was the thing that Steve found hardest to reconcile, amid all the other staticky thoughts clogging up the line, making it hard to think over the sounds of the wind, the water, or the shuddering icy breaths of the glacier: It was not merely pretty, passingly pleasing to the eye, but
“Aye, Captain,” Stovok said.  A gentle elbow landed in Tony’s side.  He ignored the silent provocation to respect authority, crossing his arms over his chest and frowning.
had arrived once and simply left precious cargo behind, then it all made sense.  “I must’ve had more Saurian brandy than I thought,” he speculated aloud, but his head felt fine.  Unusually fine.  Despite the miracle of modern technology, he always had a whiff of a headache, humming in the background like electronic equipment.  The silence was pleasantly unusual.
“All right,” Steve allowed, entering the hog pen.
Tony grabbed one paw just to feel the claws, surprised at how malleable they were.  The Gorn
, snuffled around his ankles, entire body wiggling with delight.  “Sorry; he’s a live one.”
inexhaustible, was beside the point.
, before grunting when a warm weight crashed into him.  “Please be alive, please be alive,” Tony—
Steve kissed his cheek.  “What if I wished for you, huh?”
I use the phonetic English spelling ("Volkov boyat'sya - v les ne khodit'") to aid the flow of reading for my predominantly English-speaking readers, who may not be familiar with the Cyrillic pronunciation. I view it a bit like spelling out dinosaur names (e.g. aar·kee·aap·tr·uhks for "Archaeopteryx") to encourage non-Russian readers to begin developing a familiarity with the Russian language.
Steve gripped Tony but stared at Snow until she looked at
Every time it rang, he wondered if it would shatter, but so far—so good.
Tony harrumphed, a soft, chuffed sound.  “Yes, but not here.”
Sinking deeper into the couch, gripping his shield to his chest—not trusting Clint not to take it—Steve resigned himself to being the proud ruler of a chaotic tribe.
“It’s free?” Steve asked skeptically.
“No.  I’m asking this nutso a question,” Happy said mulishly.
Steve said simply, “No.”
“Wait for the chorus,” Tony replied.
Steve nodded once.
“What?”
“Please let me in, Tony,” begged the monster, claws tucked in so they would not scrape on the wood, giving away nothing of its intentions.  “
“Get off the hospital bed first, then we will
The clerk looked at him, then the empty box, then the soaked cat, and finally back at his face.  “Yes, we do, Captain America, sir.  Do you need a towel?”
Happy sighed.  Grimly, he said, “Yeah, well.  Let me know when you’re done runnin’ away with the circus.  If you think I’m mad, wait ‘til Ms. Potts has her moment.”
, he almost wanted to cry, and then, unexpectedly, he found a straw at his lips, and he sucked gratefully at cold water.  “It’s okay.  You’re in good hands.”  It was such a cliché—the
Tony wrapped both arms around him and squeezed.  “There’s my big beautiful nightmare,” he greeted.
“I am going to retrieve him.”
He slid out of bed and flattened himself beside the Vulcan, for a moment simply lying there, before the dawn.  Shuffling closer, he wrapped an arm around Stovok’s chest, then tucked his face between Stovok’s neck and shoulder.
“Send me back to Hell, existence is pain,” Tony wheezed, pawing hopefully for a bag of cheeseburgers that Happy held out of reach, anyway.  “You
“I’m walking with Steve, he’s always lost in thought, anyway,” Tony said, falling back and gluing himself to Steve’s side.
“You’re not supposed to
, Tony had babbled, half-awake, over and over.
“Mm,” Steve repeated vaguely, sighing through his nose.  He concentrated, wanting to stay in the moment instead of drifting alone.  “S’my big day.”
A demanding three-hour hike or a leisurely fifteen-minute helicopter ride.
has already done the bulk of the preliminary search,” Romanova reported, “and located five gravity wells in the target area that are consistent with planetary bodies.  One appears to be a dwarf star.  The plan is to start on the outer edge and work our way in.”
“What is your conclusion?” Stovok asked neutrally, following, walking towards him.
, I want
Dragons were of the Earth and yet, somehow, inexplicably, beyond it.  What troubled humanity never seemed to worry dragons.  Dragons had somewhere to go, After.  Dragons were prepared to fight, tooth and claw, for survival, yet they passed gently into the night.
Moody after PT, Tony had stared out the window and asked, “They really sent you to lift my spirits?”
Illinois, Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, the Dakotas, Montana, Idaho, Washington.
It was Curium who ended up in Stone’s hands.
Even Steve could feel it, but he was not worried about it.  He had survived seventy years on ice.
Boneless, weary, cut down, scored, he opened his mouth to apologize, but Steve said, “No, it ain’t fair,” and Tony frowned in confusion.  “We ain’t all in this game with the same hand, Tony.  And if I could give you some’a my cards, I would.”  When other people said it—
King.  Who would surely arrive any day now.
.  Natasha was right.  Steve stepped forward, reaching out, saying out loud, “You gotta let somebody help.  You gotta let
“You know, even if we
Their guide spared him the need to say something: “We ought to turn back.  It’ll be getting dark soon.  You boys have a place to stay?”
“Maybe that’s what we’re looking for,” Tony replied.
“No,” Barnes agreed, wry and dry.  “I can’t.  But I will anyway.”
Cracks splintered the barrier around Tony’s emotional heart.  Anguish threatened to creep in.  “This may come as a surprise,” he said, voice steady but not for long, “—but I am, too.”  He hunched inward a little, automatically, an instinctual response, facing a wall with a monster at his back and afraid of neither.  The worst was inside himself.  The suffering was completely contained.  All he could do was lash out, desperately communicate that underneath a smooth overlay, the thorns were
“What a terrible thing to say,” Tony said.  At Rhodes’ confused look, Tony elaborated, “I always thought of fairytales as rather idyllic.  Mine’s rather a nightmare.”
Iron Man turned on her.  Steve stepped forward, almost instinctively shoving himself into the fray as Iron Man surged forward, closing the distance so he could jab a finger at the both of them and
“Too early for Christmas,” Steve replied, pulling out the bottle of painkillers.  “Gotta sit up, Tony,” he said apologetically.
He had just finished swiping the slate clean when he heard footsteps nearby.  Steve reacted accordingly: he scrambled up the nearest pine tree.
“You can’t procure it?”
” replied a woman’s voice, “
“Five years.”
Steve almost could not believe that somebody had convinced Tony to traverse the final crawl, which involved a harrowing traverse through a thirty-six-inch crawlspace with a three-inch river flushing through it, but goddamn.
In response, Rico ripped a bag of cut oats off the counter.  “Swell,” Steve sighed, as cat and oats scattered.
After a brief moment, he felt the touch of two fingertips against his index and middle finger.  They withdrew before he could comment on it.
There followed an exhilarating five-second-period where he thought,
“No one’s stopping you from taking time off in Aruba,” Tony was saying.  “Which means I can only assume you’re here by
Made sense to Steve.  Although, to be perfectly fair, Steve
Blank-faced with genuine confusion, Steve finally blinked and said, “Favorites.”
“You okay, boss?” Happy Hogan asked.
“Yeah, you’re my second favorite, too,” Tony agreed lightly.
cookies, why do you want these?”
He scrambled upright at the sound of voices, reacting on pure instinct as he got down in front of the grate and shoved his head inside, looking down and deflating at the sight of Bruce.  “Oh, hey, Tony,” Bruce said, moving about two miles per hour faster than the average sloth but looking perfectly unperturbed by the claustrophobic quarters.  “I missed you.”
“I’ll be sure to pass it along,” Hill said, infuriatingly humored.  “Next time I see him.”
Steve sighed, but he was in the back of a bulletproof limo by 1338, and, miraculously, on a private plane by 1400 hours.  They jetted down the coastline, touching down near Arlington, Virginia just before 1500 hours.  His handlers seemed very happy to hoist him upon a group of fresh faces at the National Cemetery.
Tony nearly choked on a foaming snarl, furious at the implication.  It was never
Free of the mortal coil, free of time’s grim turning wheel, free of the plague of human company.
Steve did not sigh, stepping forward.  He let the main door shut loudly behind him.  After a confused moment, Bruce opened the curtains, shedding light on the room.  It was still barely sunrise, and Bruce blinked when he saw it, then covered a yawn behind a hand.  “Natasha’s got coffee,” Steve offered charitably.
“We should go,” Steve said simply.
. o .
Tiberius clasped him by the opposing shoulder, a one-armed embrace.  Sore and stiff, Tony could not push him away until Tiberius said, “Absolutely.  Absolutely.”  And suddenly released him.  He stumbled.  Tiberius said, “I look forward to it, old boy, I really do.”  And he was gone.
“Six months to a year.  Under review.”  Tony winked.  “Good behavior works wonders.”
look, but Steve just folded his arms across his chest.  “Captain America kicks bears.”
“Of course,” the clerk said, turning away from Rico, who was gnawing on the edge of the towel, and leading them deeper into the store.
Anger gave him unexpected strength, enough to rally, to crawl out of the crawl space and cross the distance.  He unlocked the door audibly.  And then, with a fury belying desperation, he gripped the handle itself, preventing it from being turned as the monster on the other side tried to open it.
“Almost there,” Tony handwaved.
“Wait here,” Steve instructed, ducking in through the window.  And oh, the cabin was
“We’re all on the same team,” Hill said.
telling him off for “not nursing himself back to health accordingly.”
.  If Cap could fit, then Tony could, too.  That was simple logic.
Thor approached, but rather than accepting the dish Steve held out to him, he simply eyed the two pigs thoughtfully for a moment.  Then he passed the bewildered keeper his disposable camera and before Steve could get out more than, “NoThor
Sucking in a sharp breath, Tony listened to him hush, “I know it hurts.”  He had one arm wrapped around Tony, the press of his chalky uniform more comforting than any soft sheets could hope to be.  “Bet we can get you something,” Rogers said.  “They gotta have good stuff, nowadays.”  Chin balanced on Rogers' shoulder, Tony did not reply, eyes shut, soaking in his solidity, feeling Rogers shaking, just a little, and somehow that simple break in the veneer of strength made
“Nobody knows where this place is?” Tony asked, unbuckling.
For a few seconds, Steve focused on breathing and pushing down the pain to a tolerable ache.  Then he leveraged himself gingerly to a seated position.  Tony interfered, hands on his shoulder, and Steve growled at him a second time.  Tony relented, but only as far as to say, “Thor, how much do you know about medicine?”
Nothin’ like being stranded in the middle of the celestial ocean, Tony thought.  It was nighttime again—the night cycle on the planet seemed notably brief, maybe half an Earth day, which meant the planet’s rotational speed was twice as fast as Earth’s.
look.  That one still hurt.  Tony put a palm over his wounded heart.  Ouchie.  “Earn it,” Steve ordered, pointing at the camera.
—slowing anyway.  “Been out for a while, but everything’s okay,” what could only be Steve Rogers went on, sounding a little unsure, a little
“Oh, please do,” Tony simpered.  “He’s been very bad.  Ruined my best shoes.”
—but bets were on that Carter and Stovok were . . . together.  Whatever that meant.
Tony attempted to ping the
,” he said, pointing at the woman—
Must be a science fiction novel, Steve decided.
“You’re very welcome, Captain America, sir.”
Then he turned to the singed, sad-looking bear next to him and said, “You’re the only good one, Sparky.”
Steve did not forgot when he leaned back, insisting in the same low-to-the-ground tone, “Tony.”
“Oh, good,” Tony said in an undertone, sitting cross-legged off to one side.  “There’s a cow.”
Tony stared him down, arms folded across his chest.  “No,” Tony said at last.  “You have to earn it.”
“Not even slightly,” Iron Man confirmed, as Lucky leaped into the air after him.  “Down.  Down, boy.”
, he mused, shutting his eyes again.
Tony awoke, braced against Marker’s huge, slow-moving belly.  He could hear Marker’s heart beating deep inside his chest, guarded by two sets of ribs and a nearly impenetrable scaly armor.  The strongest swords ever made could not pierce those bones.  Dragon killers preferred to go for the head.
Steve paused, holding the bloodhound’s head in his hands.  “Don’t worry,” Coleman said, waving a hand, still looking out over the fields.  “No use to me to alert the presses.  But you’re really. . . .” he looked down at the dog, then at Steve, expression hard to read, “. . . Captain America.”
He bristled, unsure where the trap would spring, but aware that there was one, there had to be one.  “Fine,” he snapped.
Clint scrambled up like a greyhound on the run, all long limbs and yelping relief.  To Tony’s surprise, it was Natasha at his heels, looking calm, cool, and collected.  “When did
But Natasha was not Tony, who bristled, or Bruce, who cowered, or Clint, who would have laughed in his face at the lie—or even Thor, who would have walked away.  No, Natasha just said, “It’s not help.  It’s trust.”
Don't worry about me too much, I'm chugging along. Hope you all are doing swell.
Steve went to, but Thor stood up suddenly.  “I am a grill
, “if I throw up—”
“A simple wine and dine,” Tony summarized.  At Stovok’s disapproving look, he added, “I meant, a
was not sure he liked this—Tiberius was warm and outgoing, but he was also opportunistic, like most of Tony’s boyhood friends.  It was why he did not have many friends, anymore.  Rhodes and Pepper and Happy, perhaps, and maybe the Avengers.  The rest relished the opportunity to jump the shark.
“I concede that your logic is sound,” Stovok said, heart thumping so loudly Tony could barely hear the rest: “However, I must impress that, possessing in me a cultural acumen relevant to the situation at hand—”
“Thought you were more’a the Michelangelo type.”
. o .
. o .
“Take it off,” Steve repeated.
“She your girl?” Steve asked.
“Tony, I’m home,” he called out.  He took off his jacket and nearly killed himself and Rico, hanging it on the rack, as Rico investigated the bags like he had not been present for their purchasing.  Deciding not to chance trouble, Steve scooped him up and hurriedly limped upstairs, ignoring the mean throb in his leg—he’d cut it off before he wasted another second, now that he was so close.  “Tony?”
Steve closed the distance between them.  “Tony, I’m sorry,” he said.  Tony kept walking, but Steve insisted, “We weren’t there for you and you got hurt.”
“What took you so long?” Clint asked.
He sniffed at a hollyhock plant, but it yielded nothing; disappointed, he moved on to a honey-scented phlox.
And now, he was stranded in the Twenty-Hundreds.
“That’s great, buddy,” Tony wheezed, patting the Hirogen on the shoulder.  “Just give me a ring, anytime you wanna kick some lizard butt.”
, Steve did not say.  “Don’t you have enough stuff?”
Upstairs, there was a room.  It was a very large room, but more like a greenhouse than a palace—
(featuring Captain Jean-Luc Picard and his crew), and follows a divergent path.
He held his breath so long Tony finally thumped him on the back of the shoulder.
It was practically scripted, it was so familiar.  Tony removed his hand from his knee, begrudgingly removed his hand from his shirt, and yanked the chair so it was facing the wall, back entirely to the monster.
But Thor laughed, a buoyant, purer-than-gold sound, and Tony relaxed.
Thor examined the image.  Then he indicated the red plates, offering charitably, “Stark would—like their armor.”
“You guys are missing out.  I think my hearing aids are shorting out,” Clint said, a little more loudly than usual, covered from head to toe in rainbow-colored soap.  “Is this toxic?”
Finally, he said, “C’mon,” and moved.  Tony did not make a sound, too caught up in his own shaking to protest as Steve shifted out from under him.  Waking up his legs with a few hardy thrashes, Steve disconnected the wires and scooped up the Iron Man, surprised at how light he felt—part of him expected Tony to feel even lighter, yet another part of him remembered already,
“Aye, aye, Captain.”
And as the sun rose over the planet, Tony could not imagine a more wonderful world than one with Stovok in it.
Tony started laughing.
“Exactly,” Tony said, and then: “You
“Not a fan?” Tony prodded.
Thor said, “YES!” loudly enough that Lucky sprinted back to them.  “Come to me!” Thor encouraged, arms out, as the dog leaped into them.
, and,
“Hell of a test run,” he rasped.  He ached suddenly for Pepper.  He longed for better days.  He was hungry.  And cold.  And lonely, surrounded by friends.  “Where’s—”  He could not say the word.  He dared not form it.  It was all a dream.  A hell-dream.  Another painful giggle, more air than sound, escaped him.
Sure, there was still a fucking mess to deal with, Thanos, their decidedly dual and separate lives—but there was time.
Tony tucked a finger in the collar of his suit, said, “Mm-
Happy glared at him a moment longer, then shifted his focus back to Tony.  “What’s wrong with you?”
A strong feeling of disappointment and annoyance reached Tony.  “I thought you were on-world,” he said.
“Next time,” he managed.  “Next time, we go hiking.”
The sun got low, but Tony only knew peace.
“I’ve always wanted to glow in the dark,” Barton said, swiveling in the Captain’s chair and looking back at his passengers thoughtfully.  “I’ll still glow in the dark with the suit on, right?”
“Yes,” Tony agreed, stubborn, unafraid of rebuke.
” Thor asked cordially.
.  “Too easy,” Clint declared.
The blast felt less like a punch and more like a splash of boiling water.  Steve dropped and rolled in the concrete like it was snow, too shocked to cry out, focused totally on dousing the heat.  Iron Man said breathlessly, “
“I cannot disagree,” Stovok acknowledged.
have been around since at least 1900, and
Steve’s was not: “Wow,” he said softly.  A pair of long-necked monsters grinned at each other, mouths agape, tails curved to overlap on the far side of the room, their positions as playful as they were austere.  A lush simulated forest breathed fresh life into the skeletons; it seemed possible that they could animate at any moment, ducking down to nibble at the greenery around their tree-trunk limbs or perhaps groom one another.
Under settling shine of real moonlight, Tony floated above the Earth in his armor, astride his mighty dragon.
, where the hell is Thor?”
“My leave.”
A lovelier machine than the human body, Tony Stark could not imagine.
His heart was gonna explode.  Serum or no, it was gonna burst in his chest, pop like a balloon.  He felt unstable—not mentally, no, he was acutely aware of himself, of consequences, action-reaction, of disobeying orders and facing reprimand, but in the kind of ship on violent seas way, where no amount of confidence could make the world set right.  He found a wall, gripped it.  The shield hung from his fingers, a light but not invisible weight.
Then Clint said, “Like bread?”
. o .
enjoy the free psychoanalyses that invariably ended up in Fury’s hands.
He got Tony on the floor, aware that his poor bastard of a doppelganger was going to have hell to pay with S.H.I.E.L.D. for insubordination and not giving a
—said.  He sounded tired.  “Suit brought you to me.”
.  “You all right there, Brucie?” Tony called down.  Bruce held up a weak thumbs-up, then pushed himself to his feet and limped off to join Natasha.  Tony returned to his task immediately, using some kind of electric nail puncher to lock the boards in place.
They landed on a rooftop.  Steve huffed out a breath, releasing him.  “You dented my plates,” Iron Man complained, looking at his own shoulder.
Steve’s heart twisted in his chest.
“. . . A supernova,” Stovok replied.
. o .
When, at last, the hoard became a distant cacophony, Tony dared to open his eyes.
“Thor could one-hundred-percent kick your ass,” Clint interrupted.
you attack the son of Odin!” Thor roared.
“A warbird would explain the crew selection,” Romanova contributed.  “Transporting our Commander and Security Officer—”
“Dr. Banner declined my offering,” Stovok said simply.  “And as Senior Medical Officer, I am . . . subordinate to his prognosis.”
Frowning, Steve scrolled back up the mental worksheet.  “There’s a miniaturized RT arc reactor,” he said.  “. . . Embedded in your chest.”
“We must move,” was all Stovok replied.
.  Not merely to humans, but all life forms, particularly primitive ones.  Tony had never met or even heard of a “Nibiran.”  Perhaps Stovok had a point.  But: “Won’t we get swept away with the tide?”
Tony said, “That’s a great idea.”  Steve gave him an
The cloaked figure took one step closer.  Tony tensed, looked away, frustrated.  “There’s nowhere to run from you, is there?  I can’t even find peace here.”
According to his HUD, the Nightmare was forty feet long, from tip-to-tail.
12:30 A.M.
“Surrender your cards,” Thor said, checkmating himself.
was struck by the fact that he was an avatar for his own body—barely above a robot, when he crushed steel in front of ghost-faced soldiers.
Steve said, “I was here first,” and saw a brief flash of mingled annoyance and glee in Tony’s expression, before he shook his head and took off for second base.
Steve looked down at him.  Then, slowly, he folded down next to him.  “Be nice,” Tony added.  “To have that.  But I don’t need God, I have
can swagger around like an unbridled
“An apron does not a chef make,” Steve recited, measuring out baking soda.
Tony rested easy, surrounded by dragons.
Awh, nuts.
Tony sniffed once in the darkness, the blue light from his chest still oddly prominent.  “That thing ever go off?” Steve asked, after a full minute of unexpected quiet.
It was a terrible way to die.  The slow struggle—the long bleed.  The
“I did bring you something,” Hill went on.  She started to move from the bed.
Bruce just shook them out, got them situated over Tony—even one over his metal legs, which seemed peculiar, although who was Steve to judge the metal man his indulgences?—before staggering wordlessly back to his cot, flopping over, and snoring within eight seconds.
He stepped out of the car, walking away from the small, near abandoned little car wash.
Setting his jaw, Steve started down the road.
9:48 P.M.
“Airborne was very tame,” he said.  “Scared, I think.  Just wanted someone to trust.  You could trust Falsworth.”  Shrugging, he added, “Odd was Odd.  Kinda like Dugan.”
“Wonderful!” Thor bellowed, stepping back.  “Bring him in!  With haste!”
They both waited.  Tony could practically hear the digital clock ticking.
“Do not trouble yourself,” Stovok advised.
“Just wait here,” Steve said calmly.  “I’ll be right back.”
Privately, Steve dreaded their arrival, but he kept his thoughts to himself, because he was good at that.
Actually, they took fifty.  And went to the Home Improvement Store.
Besides: once he took the bait, signed the contract, he sold his soul.  He had done it twice, given himself wholly over to forces outside his control.
,” Bruce replied.  He did.  As a dragon companion, he understood what was often enigmatic to those who never bonded.  Dragons ruined lives, relationships.  The fascination with them often stemmed from ignorance.
“This is goodbye.  Isn’t it?”
,” Tony agreed.
Rico was out of his arms in an instant, landing neatly on the bed.
Rhodes walked alongside Tony to his private quarters.  “So the rumors are true.”
The green twins—Neo and Praseo—were gone, as was red Cadmium.  “Caddie?” Tony repeated out loud, surprised.  He gripped his shirt over the arc reactor in unconscious anxiety.  He knew that Neodymium and Praseodymium were both feral souls, but he had thought Cadmium was tame.  It bothered him that he had misjudged the hatchling’s character.
Not bad at all.
“. . . They use what on the birds now?”
“Exactly,” Tony said, pointing at him,
Tony huffed and pursued, Marker following at a congenial trot, almost uppity.  Tony skidded on the blood slicking the—wait,
“It’s my job to keep you
Rhodes was right.  He should make a full recovery.
After completing one ponderous but inexorable lap around the kitchen, ignoring the poltergeist trailing after him, Steve located the source of his woes.  “No,
He could not think of a single word strong enough to encapsulate the feeling.
He listened to the soft sounds of crickets outside the window as Stovok’s breathing tapered off into a meditative sleep.
“I’m still here,” Tony observed, a rare moment of shared thought, one hand—never mind which hand, exactly—stroking down Rico’s back.  “I’m still here.”  He never looked at Steve, never twisted around to try to find him, exactly, because he knew Steve was present in the room, an echo in the house, somewhere, reverberating.
“I mean, he’s alive,” Dr. Banner said weakly, leaning away from their fearless leader as Tony glared at their nighttime visitors, chatting and crunching audibly on what sounded like either fleshy coconuts or animal bone in the near distance.  They had migrated close, started up a roaring fire, even kindled the beginnings of a
Tony looked at him doubtfully.  “What?” Clint said, frowning.  “I’ve done it before.  Cap trusts me.”
“I do actually have a place,” Tony announced, and it all started to come together again.
,” and hacked.  “Why is it so
“God damn,” Clint said, his tone completely different, the biting, tired edge gone.  “He’s out.  Get him out of there.”
But he could not speak, breath frozen in his chest, and the anger was gone, replaced with static, white noise.
“Who needs an expensive waterpark when you’ve got a two-dollar manual car wash in your local area?” Tony muttered, putting his arms behind his head.
,” he whispered, “to be
. o .
“That what this is about?”
Thor said solemnly, “It is a strange day to learn of Khan’s passing.”
Standing on numb legs, Tony looked around the teleportation pad, realized he was alone, and turned back to the beaming engineer.  “Where am I?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Clint snatched it up and ran, whooping triumphantly.
“It’s fine.  It’s fine.  You’ll help me pick one out,” Tony dismissed.
Steve kept his hood on as low as he dared, vowing to apologize to Tony at the soonest opportunity for doubting his foresight.  It had sure come in handy while searching the rest of the arctic exhibit, and amid the crowd, he felt totally invisible as they worked along with the frantic but helpful museum staffers to coax Thor into a hole-in-the-wall.
It smacked into Steve’s open palm.  “All right,” Steve quelled again, glaring at him.  “That’s—”
Snow looked at him a moment longer, then looked beyond him.  He did not turn to see Steve, instead venturing further into the space.
wine and dine.”
“Only to us.  We cannot presume to know how the Gorn perceive themselves at this stage.”
“Yes.  No.  Yes.”  Tony stared at his crotch, then said, “I guess that answers the age-old question.”
“I met them,” Tony said, drawing all eyes on him.  Apparently, this part of the story was new: they were all listening, even Captain Carter, in her calm-and-collected way.  “I beamed on board.”
“Merry BIRTH-day, to THEE,” Thor repeated.
Tony hummed once, placated.
“Well god damn,” Clint said, stepping back to allow him into the room.
“I love that guy,” Bruce said, still lying face-down in the dirt.  “He’s so nice.”  Tony heard Clint yelp loudly in the distance, followed by a crashing noise, but he did not turn to see what Natasha had done to reclaim the water jug, instead glaring into the abyss and repeating adamantly:
, somewhere in the soft fuzz around him.
Tony plucked an orange off a bowl, weighed it out in his hand, and chucked it, not quite
“Leave your weapons,” advised Sojef, keeping his voice genial but his warning plain.  “Including your armor.  You will have no need for them.”
,” Tony insisted, making a successful grab and a triumphant noise.  “If I get sick, blame it on Steve, it’s what I always do.”
younger,” which almost got a rise out of him.
“We appreciate your efforts,” Sojef said, glancing away as Stovok stood patiently, embraced around the middle by a handful of children.  “We may not be able to return your Vulcan,” he jested.
“What a kind man.”
He turned the lights off again.
Tony, of course—the great orator, the speech maker, the one who could pull magic from thin air—fumbled completely.  Stuttered.  Came to an utter halt.  He was sure he lost a lot of his precious time, just waiting for all those words to come, before he said at last, “I love you.”
Tony exhaled shortly, heart pounding like a rabbit’s.
Even in his sleep, Rico purred.
The scene broke.  Chaos erupted.
Steve could not shake off the question a second time.  He shrugged, trying to dissuade Tony’s attention,
“Starfleet regulation states that only trained pilots may operate transport vessels.”
He barely heard the whisper of Steve’s feet on the cement floor, the clunk of the car door opening, but he felt the gentle, plucking pressure as Steve maneuvered him into his hold, a light embrace, chin resting against the top of his head.
“Here,” Tony said, reaching over and turning the dial to a station that seemed more static than anything.  “EDM.  Everybody’s favorite.”
“It’s a skirmish,” the human—Barnes, Tony realized, trying to get a good look at him, but his back was to Tony, and Stovok’s memory did not allow him to move, watching the scene as an outsider.  “It’s just a show of force.  They’ll back down once they see what Starfleet is all about.”
“It’s never good to dwell,” Natasha said.
“Yet you come dressed for war,” their host said, his voice teasing but not benign.
did not appear in print until 1974, in a brochure for the 1974 Jeep Cherokee SJ. Today, SUVs have
The egg timer had just gone off when Steve reached the bottom of the stairs, telling Rico, “All right, don’t fuss, I’m here.”
Steve slid his hands onto Iron Man’s hips, holding on.  “No.  Don’t.”  Hungry, tired, and deliriously grateful for a friendly face, Steve said, “You sent the Vision.”
“What the hell,” he rasped, or tried to.  His chest hurt, badly.  He was not sure how he was alive.
on me?”
“OK,” Steve said, voice level even as his gut twisted up.  “I’ll be downstairs.  In the kitchen.”
Roscoe dropped off the Bentley and took a hike.
,” he said firmly, pointing back at Marker accusingly.  “Go bother your fath—”
“I’m not sour,” Steve snapped.  Bristling, he added, “Just because you’ve never rationed a day in your life—”
“Okay,” Tony managed, setting the empty glass aside.  “Four months.  I can live with that.”
Tony—still shoeless—took off.  Bruce, in solidarity, ran in the opposite direction.  The dogs went after Bruce, howling joyfully.
Captain Panda
Steve cheerfully shut the door on him.  “Half an hour,” he reminded, as he heard Tony grumbling to himself and shuffling out of the tub.
“Remind me never to get on his bad side,” Tony told Steve.
, Tony,” Steve interrupted.
“You brought us to a farm?” Clint repeated incredulously.  He stepped out of the car.  The rest of the gang followed suit—even Bruce, who had been valiantly pretending not to exist for thirty minutes.  Steve resolved to bring the poor guy out of his shell—right after he corralled Tony, who was moving confidently in the direction of the barn.
As a matter of fact, Steve had a long list of fears.  Very few of them involved personal injury.
To Steve’s surprise, Iron Man reached for the glass.  Then he flung the ice water in Clint’s face.
“Get lots of tourists this time of year.  Come to see the whales, mostly,” their guide explained.  “Humpbacks, orcas.  The real treasure is the glaciers.  You should check out Mendenhall.”
I have had these silly Avengers ideas kicking around for so long, I worried I might never have an outlet for them. To finally be in a position to write them is a joy, and I am so fortunate to invite you along for the journey!
—” blustered Tony, while Thor grinned that same close-mouthed grin.  “God.  You really are a big brother.  I now know why Loki is the way he is.”
Tony scowled.  “Don’t be stupid.”
“Can I not wear a seatbelt?” Clint asked, already reaching for his belt.
“God dammit, Iron Man!  Take it off!” Steve ordered.
10:58 P.M.
Then Hogan warned the dragon, “You be nice to him, you hear me?  No funny business.”
In a slightly choked-up voice, Tony managed, “I can’t believe your stupid schmucky chivalry ruined my PSA.”
His back was on fire, but he kept his feet, long enough to stumble over to a chair.  Marker followed him at an indiscreet distance, looking ready to shove him along if he faltered for even a moment, clicking briskly in encouragement.
doing?” Steve protested.
“Steve, wait,” Tony said.
When J.A.R.V.I.S. announced, “Mr. Hogan has arrived,” Tony moved as quickly as he could towards the door.  Marker finally looked up, big black eyes inquiring, and Snow actually stood.
“Sometimes, I think they love us, too,” Steve said.
“Tell Stark it won’t kill him to wait a little while,” Clint said, having shaken all the dust off his coat and replaced it, ready to go.  “He can be bored in Alaska like the rest of us for a few hours.”
The absurdity of it alone should have made the scene laughable, but it was shockingly easy to pretend it was true, to imagine making a job out of keeping the team’s home for them. Hell, in some ways it was a simple extension of what he’d always done. He’d been cautiously thrilled when the other version of the team had seemed poised to move in to the Tower, which he’d quickly renamed in their honour and gutted to design personalized floors most of them had rarely used. Here, though, the team actually cared about that kind of thing, valued all of the small things Tony did to try to make them comfortable and happy. In reality, that on its own would probably never be enough to fully occupy a mind like his, but he was more than happy to sink into the fantasy: living the life of a pampered, slightly spoiled but beloved pet, waiting for his lovers to get home at the end of a long day.
Clint drew away, finally, though he took his damn time about it. The fraying threads of Tony’s remaining self-regulation were barely in tact as he warily watched the other man press kisses to the over-sensitized skin of his thighs.
“Roughly two and a half days ago. Since then I would describe Sir’s primary affect as anger. He has avoided the Avengers whenever possible, and has spent the majority of his time alternating between training with the Iron Man armour in the team gym and excessive alcohol consumption. I am aware it is a lot to ask, but I had hoped that, given your instrumental role in ensuring that his counterpart’s creation of Ultron succeeded…”
Steve was pretty sure Coulson had JARVIS brief him while he stumbled his way to the washroom to brush his teeth, but he has always preferred to hear anything where timing isn’t absolutely of the essence directly from his teammates. He trusted the AI, but even JARVIS would (grudgingly) admit that he was not an entirely neutral source. On top of the protocols which shaped his very existence, JARVIS also had enough of a personality to have preferences and beliefs that shaped his interpretation and subsequent accounting of events. In the early days of Steve’s relationship with Tony, this had turned into a major site of dispute between the two of them, because JARVIS would often equivocate about information that he knew might make anyone upset with Tony. They’d eventually ironed that out and by the end of his life Tony had frequently complained that JARIVS had turned traitor on him, but it was too hard to predict how the AI would respond to a different version of his creator, and Steve wasn’t interested in chancing it.
But he just couldn’t see any other way forward. He’d seen enough over the past couple of days to realize that the others had already become attached to the new arrival. Just this morning he’d walked into the penthouse kitchen to find
tell you when we’re ready to move on.”
to at least consider the possibility given that the universe he’d found himself stranded in was basically built around it.
Tony’s own body was the polar opposite of hers in practically every way. Every bit of Nat’s unending stamina and poise and control felt like they had been drawn from Tony himself, who was emptied of everything but desperation—desperation so powerful that he feared and revered it in equal measures. Every part of him had been undone and re-written by Natasha. His ass, likely still a dusty-pink from the ‘warm up’ she had given him with the flogger to start them off, stung every time he rubbed it against the sheets. His lips were swollen from Natasha’s kisses, which felt just as penetrating as the most intense fuckings he had ever received. And his cock…god, it felt like he’d been hard for hours at this point. Natasha had warned him that some people could still come wearing cock rings, but Tony did not appear to be one of them, because he definitely would have orgasmed at least once by now without its restrictive pressure around his cock and balls. His thighs had been trembling for so long now they ached with it, another horrible pleasurepainpleasure that swallowed Tony whole.
Steve had been told he couldn’t do a great many things in his life, and he’d made an entire career out of proving those claims wrong. He should have stayed down and given up in so many back alleys, in recruitment centres all over New York, in the metal coffin they’d put him in after they’d pumped his veins full of an experimental serum that never should have worked. He’d fought way harder for much less than this, an entire future unfolding in front of him, bright and full of colour again after so many months of grey.
“Answer me. I can’t start until we’re both clear on why we’re here.” Tony wiggled impatiently, glaring at Bruce when the other man offered a patient, kind smile that clearly conveyed that the other man had no intention of contradicting Natasha’s orders.
“No.” Bucky was standing, his usual sniper patience apparently not enough to carry him through this conversation sitting, and though one spoke to Natasha, he looked directly at Steve, blue eyes shining. “We all doubted Stevie this week when we shouldn’t have, me more than anyone. And let’s try not to forget the guy is pretty decent at strategy. Hear him out.”
“I think Tony and Nat drank the last of it yesterday night—”
say—”
“I’m not—I wasn’t—” Phil edged a single step closer. It was easy to forget how big Phil was, especially since he spent half his time in the company of men like Steve and Thor, and without his musculature on display in skin-tight battle gear. His current outfit wasn’t hiding a damn thing, though, and Tony alternated between staring shamelessly at the other man’s thighs yet again (he was going to burn every pair of pants Coulson owned that weren’t jeans after today, just watch if he didn’t) and trying to control the impulse to crack a joke or take other, more dramatic, evasive maneuvers. Then Coulson backed three steps away. His posture loosened, and the smile he gave Tony would have been almost playful except for something in his eyes that sent another thrill of anticipatory longing through Tony.
Steve was the closest he’d ever felt to flying without having been in an actual scene. Tony sat on one of the new kneelers they’d bought for the playroom, curled at Bucky’s feet while he read aloud. The books had been a last-minute addition to the playroom, something Clint had grabbed out of the library as a temporary filler for the empty storage slots under the bed in the aftercare area. But then Tony had remarked on never having actually seen, let alone read, most of the books he owned, and Bucky had taken it from there. Instead of hiding from the impact his Dominant voice had on Tony (on pretty much anyone with an ounce of submission in them, really), he had chosen an activity that allowed him to play to that deliberately without crossing any boundaries he wasn’t ready to breach. Steve had never been more proud of him.
“We haven’t been on a date yet.” He gestured vaguely at Tony, who took longer than he probably should have to realize he was clad only in boxers. To be fair, he’d never been a particularly modest guy to begin with, and when you’d lived as he had with his insides basically on the outside in the form of the arc reactor, a few scraps of clothing here and there ceased to mean much by comparison. Still, the temptation to mock or snark he might have once felt was largely eclipsed by a painful fondness for the very fact of Steve, someone still capable of blushing at the mention of a new partner’s near-nudity.
“Jay, patch me through. Hulk? Big Guy?” In Tony’s own universe it had often been a 50:50 shot whether or not Hulk would make it through any particular battle with his comms still intact, but today they were in luck. Tony watched the massive green head jerk in surprise, then look to the sky as if seeking out Tony’s suit. “I’m not with you just now, buddy, it’s just my voice okay?” Hulk roared again, and Tony realized with a guilty start that without knowing how much this version of the Hulk remembered of his time as Bruce; perhaps it wasn’t the wisest move to just surprise him with his dead friend’s voice. But there was hardly any going back now. “Buddy, remember you have some humans in your hands, alright? Can you put ‘em down near that big street light about fifty feet ahead of you on your left? There’s a subway station right there that they can duck into until this is all over.”
What had ultimately decided it for Phil, though, had been Kala’s practice of providing a unique name for each and every one of his pieces. They’d all been hesitant when they’d learned that he insisted on being the one to name them, but when they’d asked, Kala had written a single word down on a piece of paper and slid it across his desk with the slightly impatient air of a man who already knew he was right and was just waiting for everyone else to catch up. (The expression had reminded Phil immediately of Tony, and he had barely needed to look down at what the paper said to know this would be the right one.)
“The bowl.” Tony was gesturing to a clear bowl on the island that contained the faint orange staining that Steve had learned to associate with Cheesies. “Brucie-Bear has been stashing snacks all over the Tower lately, but he forgot to refill everything this morning and I don’t quite know where all the good stuff is hidden.” There was something not quite right about that logic, Steve recognized faintly. (Wouldn’t JARVIS tell Tony where things were?) But the dep was hitting his cognitive processing capabilities hard, and Tony was asking him for something. Even if Steve knew intellectually that the other man was not a submissive, his lizard-brain didn’t seem to care much at all.
“Aww, nothin’ to get upset about now darlin’. You be good for me while I tell you a little story and you can have my hand back. Sound good?” Oh god, that fucking condescension, the way it so often felt like Clint was almost making fun of Tony when he was in Dominant headspace, it should have triggered anger or hurt or at least some kind of snark. It shouldn’t have made Tony feel like there was a line of liquid heat shooting down all the way down his spine and into his groin. “Gotta use your words, Tony, remember?”
“We’re done with that now. Keep that in there while I try to find something to use as a splint.” Peter settled for glaring while Steve found the cleanest shirt he had in his bag, cut it into strips, and wrapped it carefully around Peter’s red, swollen thumb. “You’re right about…well, about almost everything. I made so many mistakes with Tony, there are more things that I wish I could take back than you even know about. But you can’t go through the world like this, Peter. It’s not what he would have wanted, to see you twisted and broken and cruel. You know that.”
“I turned down that promotion, actually. Director is fine.”
“I think that no matter what route we decide to regarding SI, we shouldn’t make any moves until after that evening. And I think you should go with Tony as his date.”
“T—you’re not supposed to be calling me here, remember?”
Bruce also details the science of what could have happened to D/s Tony based on Howard's actions when he turned 14 (first mentioned last chapter.) While none of them actually happened, they're still severe and might be difficult to read.
Tony couldn’t remember a time no one had needed him to speak, build, or act. Subspace, he supposed, but this was different. Oh the subby parts of Tony were delighted by these developments for sure, but he wasn’t floating and unaware the way he got in deep ‘space. He followed the debate that the team had over what to watch, even laughed a little to himself as Thor made an impassioned and ultimately successful case for some rom-com on Netflix that he loved. He flipped Rhodey off when his friend laughed a little too pointedly at the protagonist of the show insisting she wasn’t tired right before falling asleep face-first in her dinner. Natasha checked the gag frequently, too, making sure Tony could breathe and that the straps weren’t too tight or irritating against his skin, and she took it off for a while around lunch time to hand-feed him a hamburger and some cut-up fruit and vegetables. Even then, though, no one took advantage of the gag’s absence to ask anything of Tony, or to force interactions any more complex than occasionally combing their fingers through his hair or pressing a kiss to his cheek on their way to the kitchen or the bathroom.
“I didn’t know that,” Tony said in a near-whisper.
“Not…not a sub.”
Arriving in Malibu separately from Tony and Rhodes had been a key part of a larger effort to keep the location of their vacation a secret. The press was just as rabid for information about the team, and especially sightings of Tony, as Steve had anticipated, but they’d been successfully tricked into following an SI jet populated by SHIELD agents sporting the best of the agency’s masking technologies. By all accounts, most of those reporters were still stumbling around Portugal; the Portuguese government had been delighted to help keep up the ruse as long as possible, shutting down key cultural sites for brief blocks for non-existent visits and keeping up a small military presence around several fancy hotels in exchange for Tony’s promised consolation on several ongoing technical projects. Rhodes had then departed Avengers Tower the next day seemingly alone, accompanied by Tony (whose Bleeding Edge armour, Steve had been delighted to learn, included a stealth mode.)
In the hours that followed Steve and Talia’s arrival, things moved quickly but in largely opposing directions. The UN troops were unwilling to risk the security of the region entirely on Talia’s suspicion that the arms deal was likely a ruse. No one could argue the validity of that concern; not only was Talia a junior operative who was largely unfamiliar with the region, but the release of Wakandan technology onto the black market could easily destabilize a nation that had just recently achieved peace after a brutal civil war. They were determined to follow up on the original intel, which placed the Ssenjovu brothers and their small forces just outside of the capital city of Kampala. The area was hilly and at a high elevation, both of which would make stealth movement a challenge, and the troop leader was eager to depart as soon as possible.
“The Avengers. Things have been too quiet lately.”
“If you really love me, you won’t ask me what happened.” This was the closest Tony had ever come to acknowledging and accepting what were now Steve’s repeated declarations of love for him, so Steve felt he could be forgiven for the fact that his brain went briefly offline for a period of several seconds. Eventually, however, he did collect himself enough to press the matter.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I uh…I can’t. I have an art class. Nothing big, just one of the free ones over at the college. I was just comin’ up to say goodbye.”
Whether Pepper was planning to admit it or not, it was obvious that they had succeeded. There was a tremor to her voice that hadn’t been there seconds before, one that reminded Tony painfully of his own Pepper in the early days of Iron Man, when his coming home covered in bullet holes or being attacked on a raceway in Monaco was still new rather than the latest in a long line of potentially fatal absurdities. For just a few seconds he longed with painful intensity to fold her into his arms, comfort her the way he used to back before Ultron, when she’d been able to suspend disbelief at the notion that Tony might ever one day truly separate himself from Iron Man. The temptation faded after a few seconds, leaving behind only a bittersweet ache beneath his ribs. (It was better this way. For both of them.)
“Whatever it is, the idea of saying it will be worse than actually saying it,” she said, gently but with a line of absolute steel threaded through every syllable. “If you let the idea keep growing, it’ll just get bigger and more intimidating. The words won’t change. The words are just words, and once you’ve said them I can help you carry them.”
I can only assume you refer here to the so-called ‘Civil War.’ (Or to Stark’s affection for Stark Raving Hazlenuts?) In both cases, the answer is most definitely yes. The type of relationship the Avengers must be able to at least convincingly affect to the public would be, to my mind, impossible if their various ‘issues’ from the other universe are not discussed.
“Oh honey no, no I’m not angry at all. I’m just…I’m surprised, and trying to think, and I’m not always good at doing that out loud the way you are, especially because I’m also extremely turned on right now.” Tony’s cock pulsed hopefully between his thighs, and he bit his lip before uncrossing his legs again, letting them dangle over the edge of the bench. Bruce raked his eyes over Tony with unapologetic interest, and Tony felt himself harden further under the regard.
“This part of it has nothing to do with me.”
Which was all well and good, except for the way it felt kind of weird not to have them on his case. After chafing against the structure those practices forced on his days, having a whole day wide open in front of him was…unsettling. In hindsight, it was possible that he’d only done the energy drink+coffee combo in a failed attempt to try to get under Bruce’s skin and force a reaction from him. Following Pepper to SI, then, not only allowed him to keep a close eye on her, it also gave Tony something to do that wasn’t obsessing over whether or not it as possible that some part of him actually missed all the parts of submission that he railed against the most, like the goddamn check-ins. (There was no way he missed those, right?)
“What about me?”
“Oh, now you’re trying to steal my dates? Nice loyalty, pal, really.”
The others had settled in various spots around the room; a few of them on the bed, another two in the aftercare area. Phil, fully down in subspace now, sat on his knees next to Tony. Natasha was primarily using Steve himself as her own personal lounger, which meant he felt it the moment her entire body grew hard and stiff after she’d glanced down at her phone.
“Next Maintenance Day…I could try taking a look at the arm, see if it needs any tuning up. I should have time between now and then to look at the schematics and your Tony’s notes.” Barnes didn’t look away from his efforts to pry a self-made trophy comprised of wire, paper-clips and batteries from Butterfingers’ claw, but the ear-to-ear grin that crossed his face would have been visible from a mile off.
“Oh honeybear, I thought you’d never ask!”
And yet there atop Steve’s tree sat a beautifully painted angel in white, who looked just enough like Steve’s mother that he wondered if it was truly an accident the way Tony claimed. It was exactly the kind of thing Tony would do, after all, to lie only when he was afraid of caring too obviously or too deeply. (God but Steve loved him.)
“Sometimes yes. Other times not at all. Even before you got here, I already had a tendency to constantly compare my past and my present.” Tony nodded, familiar by now with this tendency in both Steves, though surprised to hear one of them admit it. "My therapist, a big part of what we’ve been working on is learning to recognize and either celebrate or mourn changes and similarities without becoming fixated on them, or forming judgements based on them. It was…harder than I thought it would be to get there. But I’m glad I did.”
Tony went back to fucking himself as hard and deeply as he could, but he still tried to hold off as best he could. But it was hopeless. He came with a wail less than two minutes latter, spattering the sheets and Steve’s chest and a bit of the crop.
Tony’s brain was too used to needing to process trauma while remaining at least semi-functional to permit him to totally disassociate after watching the kids in the lab. He remembered half-walking, half-stumbling, blinded by tears and grief, back to the penthouse. Rhodey hadn’t needed to fully support his weight, because thank fucking Christ Tony wasn’t doing something as humiliating as fainting, but he’d kept a solid grip on Tony’s elbow, guiding him through the Tower as if he might get lost otherwise. (He’d wondered in a sort of absent way if it did feel that way—if Rhodey, like Bruce, feared this version of Tony just fading away.) Pepper had been uncharacteristically quiet for the trip, though when they’d actually made it back into the penthouse bedroom she took over. She had maneuvered Tony to sit on the edge of the bed, then kicked off her heels and knelt down in front of him. The position made him feel oddly child-like, and when she reached out to cup his damp cheek in her palm he’d almost broken down all over again.
“I don’t know. I was locked in the Damage Control Deep Storage Vault for like half an hour once.” MJ did that squinting thing that indicated she was deeply unimpressed. “It felt a lot longer! What if it starts to feel claustrophobic? Or like, cold?”
Steve was still here? Was anyone else? Tony mentally weighed the cost and benefits of opening his eyes to try to get himself slightly more oriented, but there was a piece of fabric draping over his eyes before he could make a call one way or the other. He muttered a half-formed and probably incoherent complaint, and reached up to tug halfheartedly at the eye-covering.
“Are you the reason he’s been getting in so much trouble, getting hurt the way he has been? Because I swear to God, I don’t care how rich or powerful you are, or that you’re back from the dead or whatever—”
“I didn’t tell you this to ruin it, sweetheart. But come-downs from sub high can be really challenging; the higher you are, the further down there is back down to baseline. I didn’t want to compound that with confusion about what was actually happening.” Tony nodded miserably, hoping like hell that his pouting wasn’t as obvious as it felt. By the time he was standing, Clint and Rhodey were flanking him again.
“Captain Angzata Birikha.” Steve grinned.
“Three days, providing that none of them require re-testing or follow-up analysis.”
“Huh?”
Peter had had less to share than he wished. So much of his feelings toward Tony had ultimately been colored more by potential than its realization. But he’d babbled about the day he’d started his sham internship, how much it had meant that Tony was committed enough to the lie to take that dorky picture and everything. Sam had listened, really listened, in a way few people ever bothered to do. Then he’d thanked Peter for letting him know Tony better than he had before.
“No need for the formality bucko.” He was keeping the holoscreen angled so only he could see whatever he was doing. Seemingly finding the information on the holoscreen not quite satisfactory he smiled at the younger man, it didn’t quite reach his eyes but he tried to. He had gone way to many hours without sleep and if he tried to do anything but accept this agent sent by Fury? There’d be hell to pay, either in the form of a doting partner or an enraged director. He knew his partner would be questioning his decision to start a quarrel so, albeit begrudgingly, he sucked in a quick breath before offering a handshake. “We’ll get you acquainted to the others tomorrow.”
'Yln' (similar to Y/n) and 'Ylln' (similar to Y/ln) were chosen in order to make the reader insert as subtle as possible as it can get rather obvious at times. Any reader insert classics (such as h/c, e/c, or any other with accompanying variations) will be eliminated and the reader's name will be used as sparingly as possible in order to not make the story riddled with abbreviations.
Another naming trivia - Ypsilon was chosen, partially due to being the greek letter variation of upsilon, but mostly since
contained the letters of Yln.
There was a comfortable silence as the two basked in the temporary calm, Fury more so than Ylln. Both of their dæmons stood preening on the aisle, having relocated from wherever they perched earlier.
“Yes Captain, Mr. Stark is on the third floor of the laboratories.” She was back to the apprehensive greetings of the other’s dæmon. Ypsilon seemed rather soft-spoken despite her appearance, her quiet greetings akin to a low murmur. Her human was currently on his phone, presumably in contact with his superiors. Luckily for them, the current elevator ride wasn’t like the previous with Fury.
“The lounge’s empty, there’s no need for us to settle yet.” She answered, an indifferent look in her eyes. The elevator doors suddenly opened and, not missing a beat, she sprung from where she sat and flew into the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
“My assignment, director...” Two men stood side by side in an elevator, the atmosphere was tangible, the younger of the two clearly unsure of the situation. “The Avengers, huh?” His dæmon, currently the form of a pine marten had settled on his shoulder, nestling against his neck.
“The Avengers have been briefed lightly.” This time Fury spared him a glance, sighing as he recognized the pair’s look. “They’ve been told that you’re the promised dæmon protection and that you are one of S.H.I.E.L.D.’s undercover agents.”
They both stood silent for a moment before Rogers turned towards the man sitting by the aisle. Having determined who they were he supposed he felt more at ease, judging by the way his dæmon had made her way over to the other’s. Ypsilon bent down to the lioness’ level, they didn’t quite touch but there was some kind of greeting happening.
“Yes, you’re whatever Fury’s email told about, I know.” He absentmindedly picked up the nearest holoscreen flicking through its open pages. “What was your name again?”
“Just one moment.” The machine hummed to life as two cups were filled with dark coffee. “Two americanos.”
Just like how the Avengers had formed after the Battle of New York, S.H.I.E.L.D. created a new department following the discovery of alien races without dæmons.
Despite being the presumed host the good captain certainly didn’t feel like he was in control. It made him uncertain of himself, something that showed in the wary strides of his dæemon, Evangelia. Ypsilon, on the other hand, showed nothing but contained curiosity. The large body was suspended in the air just a few feet above the ground, coiling and uncoiling as she moved around.
“You know what, I don’t have time for this.” It seemed as if he had concluded what he’d do. “This is Yln and Ypsilon, the promised dæemon protection. Now you’ll make sure they get introduced to everyone and that everyone gets briefed, I have better things to do.” He headed over to the elevator, Anthenea lifting from the aisle and landing on his outstretched arm.
The elevator was rather spacious but not when it was trying to fit two men, a lioness dæmon and a 30-foot long dragon dæmon. It got even more awkward with the two trying to respect the dæmon space that was accounted for. Ypsilon had pressed against the wall and draped herself over Yln’s shoulders, trying to take up as little space as possible. The result led to him looking like those fancy ladies with big feather boas.
“Yes, director.” They both watched him step into the elevator, stopping for a bit before pressing the button.
“They’ve received the files on your situation, files with lots of redactions but I doubt all of them have read the little information they’re getting.” He held up a hand to his shoulder where the other’s dæmon had perched herself. “Is this how you’re going this assignment?” The magpie perched herself on his hand, facing him.
The laboratory was spacious, with waist-high workbenches scattered around in a layout that looked messy to the untrained eye. He had been here before but they didn’t know that, and never would. Half feigned and half real wonder was apparent in both him and Ypsilon. They both went around just examining everything in their immediate vicinity.
Dæemons could take the form of animals not found in nature, something which had always befuddled those who researched the phenomenon. With children, it was common for their dæemons to flare up and maybe take the form of something out of pure fiction under stress (i.e. a conflict) in order to appear threatening. At that age, only imagination set the limit for the many forms their dæemons could take.
Or that’s the textbook definition, some say it’s what one would be if they were an animal other’s say it’s a person’s soul.
A very valid question indeed but it might’ve fallen to deaf ears as the good captain’s focus had fallen on the younger of the two, who was silently sipping on his coffee and had a dragon looming over him.
Whilst the pair were exploring, Rogers made a beeline for the man hunched over a workstation with a soldering iron.
“Mr. Stark is in the workshop, director.” As if sensing his ensuing question the A.I. continued. “I have informed him of your presence, he said that he does not wish to speak to you. I am afraid there is only an 8% chance he might leave the workshop by himself.”
Never in his life did Rogers believe he would see one of those unreal dæmons but here he stood, staring at what must have been a dragon of at least 30 feet. His own dæemon stood tall but wary beside him, showing the uncertainty he didn’t.
“And if I hear anything from him, you can say goodbye to the dæemon protection.” He pointed to Yln then shifted his hand over to Rogers. “I’ll see you during the next brief.”  Giving a slight nod in farewell, the elevator doors closed and he was gone.
Humans are a race of dæmon holders, a term that had been ever-present in any matter at an interplanetary or greater scale. There were generally two sides of any interuniversal conflict, on one side there were the races of dæmon holders and the other side were those without.
The sound of the elevator caught their attention as it started to go down. Quieting for a moment before the sign signalled that it was going up again Yln stilled, realizing maybe it might be time to get ready.
“Oh, I’ve yet to introduce myself to you. I’m Yln, Ylln and Ypsilon. Nice to meet you, Mr. Stark.” A normal person might have gotten flustered by their mistake but Tony Stark was anything but normal. It was a well-calculated question, something they both knew and were aware of each other being in some kind of knowing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Two americanos, please.” In a more private setting, he would’ve made a joke about the director’s beverage preferences but decided not to quip and further poke at the other’s patience.
Bringing us to today - where one, among many, tense elevator rides were currently underway.
“Nice to meet you,” As he seemed to compose himself he walked over to the kitchen aisle. “Steve Rogers, though I suspect you already know that.”
“Of course director Fury.” Anthenea flew over to the other dæmon, Ypsilon, and settled on the glass railing beside her. They stood in silence for a moment before the A.I. spoke again. “Captain Rogers said he’ll be here in just a few minutes after a quick shower and Mr. Stark he’ll be here, eventually.” He was almost sure there was some kind of exasperation present in the disembodied voice and it made him snort internally. “May I offer something to drink in the meantime?”
But among the disagreements there’s one agreement among those with dæmons;
“This way then.” Shoving away his doubts, the captain led the way over to the elevator and pressed the button to call for it.
Earth recently hit the world stage, or rather, the space stage. What had previously been defined as international affairs for the Avengers had become internal. The matters that were more pressing were the interplanetary, followed by the intergalactic and interuniversal, affairs.
Touching another person’s dæmon is considered taboo, even in battle most wouldn’t touch their foe’s dæmon. Though of course there were exceptions such as between lovers and particularly violent fights. However, if one didn’t have a dæmon they weren’t ingrained with the great taboo and saw them as a weakness to be exploited.
The end of the ride was signalled by a single ding, a noise which the agent thought surprisingly old-fashioned considering the circumstances. His dæmon vacated the elevator first, Evangelia following close behind. Pocketing his phone he took a step towards the exit only to notice Rogers doing the same. They both stopped, seeing each other moving towards the doors, and made general motions as if to say “After you”. Their quick quip ended with Yln making his way through the doors after their second round of polite gesturing.
He grumbled for a moment before sucking in a quick breath, clearly irked about the current situation. The poor captain didn’t know how to respond in this current situation, not wanting to be on the receiving end of Fury’s, well, fury.
“J.A.R.V.I.S. please take us to whatever floor Tony’s on and tell him we’re on our way.” Evangelia was leaning against his thigh, nosing at one of his hands but pulled away which made him divert his attention towards her.
“Right…” With hands interlaced in front of himself, Yln decided not to press the matter any further. Normally he’d been all about this arrangement, pestering Fury during the whole ride, but with his superior being all silent he stayed silent.
“Hey honey, you’ve got guests.” Stark’s self-induced absorption with whatever he was working on was broken by Rogers’ presence. Visibly his conscience surfaced from some deeper plane of existence related to his work. Standing up he seemed to have regained his more known persona.
Well, this was going to be his life here anyway, wasn’t it? Pretending to fit in and understand this orientation system that ruled so much of daily life? And the previous Tony Stark had been a submissive, so playing at being a Dominant wasn’t really going to help either himself or Cap in the long run.
There would be no convincing them as a unit, that was certain. So he would need to get one of them alone. Bucky would usually be his best option on that front, but on this particular topic Bucky was a double-edged sword. He’d seen Steve at his worst after the loss of the first Tony, and was therefore more frightened than any of them to be presented with potential evidence that Steve might be slipping back anywhere near that place. Steve tried with Bucky exactly once, alone in the gym in the wee hours of the morning, and gave it up as a bad cause within minutes.
Some days, Tony slipped down into the daily submission like it was a particularly comfortable sweater or a perfectly-drawn bath. It enveloped him, kept him warm and comfortable and still while the world’s complexities grew simple and manageable. He didn’t have to do anything but what he was told in those moments, he was purposeless except for doing whatever it took to make his Dominants happy. On those days, they called him sweet and lovely, they pet his hair and fed him from their fingers and showered him with endless praise and affection.
“You don’t have to—” Steve’s exhaustion was threaded through the half-hearted protest, but Tony could hear the cautious excitement there too. It felt like having been listening to a radio turned one or two clicks away from the correct station, only to have someone finally find the right frequency. The buzzing and static were gone, leaving behind nothing but crystal-clear sound. (If it wouldn’t have made him the most pathetic human being ever to live, he might have fucking sobbed right there on Steve’s dusty boots.)
“Sure, and while I’m at it I’d also like to win the lottery and build my own X-Wing.”
“What’s the last thing you remember?”
“S’nice,” Tony agreed with a little cat-like stretch of pleasure that put one of the gentlest smiles Steve had ever seen on Natasha’s face.
. You were angry because your lovers, by requiring you to care for yourself and for them to at least a minimal degree, obligated you to remain living when you wished to be otherwise. It is understandable that as tired and as devastated as you have been by the many losses you have faced in your life that this made you angry. But if you wish to move forward, then you need to decide whether or not this demand they have placed on you is something you are capable of accepting and forgiving them for.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Really, it’s not a big deal. I’m sure it would take a lot more than being tied up to cause any lasting—”
“Why are you out of pyjamas? It’s Saturday morning, shouldn’t you be watching cartoons or something equally wholesome?” Steve looked down at his dress pants and teal button-down shirt and shrugged.
“My employer is patient,” Masters told her. “Today was more of…well, an information gathering exercise.” Leaving her one hand on her dagger, Natasha drew the other back and punched Taskmaster in the nose again. Blood showered his open mouth, covering his teeth as he coughed and howled.
Tony said he needed time to think over what Steve had proposed, and Steve was just as happy to let them both contemplate the matter for a few days. But even the prospect of such a big change on the horizon had him feeling happier than he had in recent memory, like the final piece of a puzzle had been slotted into place. Tony, he noted, seemed to be experiencing a similar exhilaration. He’d even dug out the Tower’s Christmas decorations; boxes of garland and candy canes and ribbon lay strewn all over the penthouse, which Tony decorated for a couple hours every evening, until he grew bored or distracted by other projects. Drama was having an absolute field day with the shininess of it all, and Dummy took every opportunity he could find to chase the team down with a piece of mistletoe that he held aloft in his claw in a silent demand that whichever configuration of people he happened to find all kiss one another.
I in fact answer to both. I reject only the most absurd of Stark’s numerous nicknames. And my evening is going quite well, thank you for inquiring.
Content Notes: The first section of the chapter returns to Tony's eating issues, with Rhodey experimenting with a new way to help Tony with them. Start reading after the first section break if this is a trigger area.
The plot only thickened when he left the playroom to find Steve in the kitchen. He wore a suit, like the ones he wore to SHIELD, which was one of the oddest things to happen today including Phil making Tony cry with his sex-ninjary, because Steve definitely had the day off today, and he was not the kind of guy to voluntarily put on a suit during his downtime unless he was going on a date. And if that were the case, Tony wouldn’t be wearing the clothes he had on now.
