By Sunday afternoon, Dean was tired of being cooped up, even if it was marathoning Dr. Sexy, M.D. with Sam. His body needed a stretch, and he couldn’t do it very well on the couch. He made it through the episode (Dr. Sexy was fighting with Dr. Piccolo because he was caught making out with young intern Betty Drew) and said, “Hey, let’s go out. There’s gotta be something going on we can check out.”
cursed. Anyway, we live in a consumer world. We are all going to Buddhist hell. (Just kidding)
Or, at least,
“I’m not flirting,” Dean protested.
“Don’t worry about it,” he mumbled back, happy to see her, and releasing her.
His discomfort flared when he came out of the room after cleaning himself up and putting on clean clothes, looking to see about dinner. He was starving and plane rides were
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, ‘m a regular Richard Pryor.”
“Best case, it’s the Lethe and we’ll just forget everything when we fall in, complete amnesia.” Cas huffed out an exhausted breath and said, “Worst case, we’ll be dragged to the bottom of the river by desperate and angry souls and end up food for Nidhogg to feast on.”
Sam poked his egg again and nodded. “Yeah, okay. And stop calling me Sammy.” He said with a pout.
Cas nodded, but also leaned in and dropped a soft, chaste kiss on Dean’s lips. “I am proud of you,” he said softly, making sure he caught Dean’s eyes.
Humans, after all, were given free will. Castiel wanted free will. He wanted to please Father, but he
Dean stood up, stretching. “Yeah, that’s a good idea. I’m tired. Let’s get him home, and then I can read these notes later.”
Internally, he was thinking about how he was going to get into the doctor’s house.
It didn’t matter, though. No matter how much John beat it into Dean not to just roll over for any alpha, Dean knew the truth: he really was just an omega bitch. He could feel it in his blood sometimes, and it took everything in him to deny his instincts during a heat. But that was the clincher, wasn't it? By his third heat, by the time his Dad finally got him birth control and even suppressants, Dean knew that deep inside him there really was a little breeder who just wanted an alpha's knot.
It felt like forever, like Dean was teetering on the edge of his heat, he was so turned on, when the Wolf sniffed at Dean's leaking hole. Unable to stop himself, Dean flexed it and shimmied his whole ass, knowing slick was dribbling out like a waterfall. He knew it was enticing.
“Yeah, but they don’t know that I know. I mean, there is a bunch of humans mixed in here, so they could be human…”
Sighing heavily to himself, he removed his vestments and properly put them away before trudging back to the rectory to find Joshua reading correspondence in the office and informed him of his issue.
“Dean…” Cas groaned before his eyes turned completely red and he growled demandingly, flipping them over so that he was the one over Dean.
“You need a holy weapon,” he said.
Sam rolled his eyes. “I said stop calling me that! It’s
“I wouldn’t say that,” he muttered, viciously tearing it up and coming around the edge of the desk to drop the pieces in the trash.
Both men stared at him, as if waiting for enlightenment, and he added, “I believe… a...
“Time out!” He finally snapped at the pair. “Bobby, explain to me why I understand this walking pest farm and not you!”
Dean snarled, “Would you
By week two, he's healing well but is still going to be on bedrest as the damage in his left side was the worst but the slug that blew through his left shoulder causes him the most pain and inconvenience because he can't lift his arm at all.
Although the food at dinner was lovely (and vegetarian), the atmosphere was definitely tense. It was to be expected when 18 people sensitive to emotions were seated in a room with a passionate man, who was currently sulking hard enough to make the world burn. So there was a lot of silence, awkward eye exchanges, and general discomfort, as if they had sat down at a family squabble no one wanted to even mention, lest it blow up. Like an oversized zit.
But most people just called Castiel “Father” because they didn’t really recognize the difference, and Joshua just told him to stop trying because it merely led to frustration and it would be true soon enough. He wore the collar, and he might as well get used to it.
“Actually, I was aware of when you got into range of overhearing us. Cassie was too. That means that he wasn’t saying anything that you couldn’t hear, but he left quickly, so I’m guessing he didn’t want to get questioned.”
“Ha ha, very fucking funny, guys,” Dean groused. He shook his head at Cas surprised expression. “I’ll explain it later.”
He frowned at the thought. It wasn’t Dean’s fault. He was as much a victim of his biology as Castiel. And, ultimately, Castiel was like a good ten years older than the young man and had already chosen the celibate life. Dean was a beautiful young Omega. Dean still had years until he turned twenty and he could still find a much better mate than some old… religious…
As if reading Castiel's mind, Michael squeezed him a bit harder, until he elicited a strained groan from his baby brother, and, satisfied he’d made Castiel acknowledge his strength, he finally sat down.
” Dean snapped, glaring up at the man-thing.
The problem with Sam’s plan was that Dean didn’t like him to walk to the church on his own. Apparently, whatever had happened with all those alphas had confirmed something in Dean’s head about letting Sam wander about alone. Sam had heard the word ‘Heat’ mentioned, so he supposed that those assholes had been high. (It didn’t take a genius to figure this out.)
“I won’t.” Dean interrupted. “I won’t find anyone better, Cas. You smell perfect, you smell like home and all my favorite things.” He cupped Cas’s jaw this time, stroking the plush pink bottom lip of his mouth, just a bit chapped and red from all their
Cas shook his head, staring at Dean. “No, nothing. Except, perhaps, I’m much older than you.”
it. The wild, Alpha part of him was smug and already looking for his mate again. It was ready to
Sam rolls his eyes and walks back out, leaving Dean with Cas hovering over him. He looks up into the blue eyes he had been missing and asks, “What are you doing here, Cas?”
,” Dean shrieked, pulling back onto one leg, repulsed. “
be the last chapter with like... long descriptions of how the "world" works. You're pretty much home free from it. If you want to keep up with my progress (or read any drabbles I'm writing because my poetry class is dullsville)
Gabriel stopped chewing long enough to solemnly gaze at him, making Dean shift uncomfortably, and intoned, “Things you are perceiving as surprises are rarely that, and you know that down to your soul.”
Smiling shyly, Dean takes the other seat. “So you’re from Chicago?”
Cherry-boy: Male virgin in Japanese. Not very nice.
He poked her with a hesitant foot, and he heard Sam behind him say, “Dude. Don’t kick the unconscious chick.”
She was looking forward to it.
It was gray and filmy. There were long faces and arms beneath the surface, the eyes pleading for release, hands trying to break the water tension to freedom.
in his bed.
Bobby sighed. “Yōkai. They aren’t like demons like we know them, per se. They’re… well… they aren’t from Christian Hell. Tsukumogami, oni, kappa, nekomata,” Bobby cringed. “Ugh, so many of them! Tsukumogami alone…”
Dean panicked. “What?”
“No, I don’t want to talk about it,” Dean growled from under his forearms.
His temper flared and he jerked his shirt out of Bobby’s hand. “Fine.” He blew out a huge sigh. “Fine. I get it.”
Dean regarded the bird with distaste, and asked, “Is the thing that fell on my head why you’re following me?”
She was not human. She generally did not get involved. But the man was wild, his mind a swirl of angry desires and hate, mad with power. For herself, she had simply side stepped his swings and stared at him, while the woman used the man’s distraction to struggle to her feet in those oddly narrow heeled shoes and run away. That left the man to turn on her, angrier at her than hungry for prey.
The umbrella twisted hard, the eyeball squinting and then going wide with the cant of Castiel’s voice. Its tongue started to shrink, wiggling less and less as the chant went on.
Castiel shook his head. “When I say I was the younger brother, I mean I was the baby. Michael was already in middle school, and Lucifer and Gabriel were both almost done with elementary school when I was born. Hael is two years older than me, but she’s the only girl, so they cut her a lot of slack.” He paused to think over what he just said and then amended, “Mostly.”
She shrugged. “I’ll do that I’ve got to.”
Scowling, but under more control, Castiel asked, “Airport?”
“Hm, maybe.” Dean rubbed a hand over his face. “I remember you said someone else was sick…?”
Work was work.
The thought has Dean's stomach in a knot, worries him when he comes down off his morphine high.
been exaggerating to scare him.
means "spirits that have become dark." When translated to English, "demon" is sometimes used.
There was a lot of murmuring, and she asked, “Does anyone else know what this means?”
He ignored it, immediately locking down his inner wolf. He ignored its growls and impatient pacing in his head.
Deacon Castiel had ki—
to learn how to control their urges and strength. The past few months were obviously just not enough to master them, no matter how much he tried to convince himself he was not a beast: his inner monster was trying to prove him wrong.
“What about them?” Sam asked suspiciously. Then his brain caught up and he blurted, “Oh shit! Do you think they’re
They panted as they stared at each other with hooded gazes, Alpha red and Omega gold, one filled with wonder, the other filled with satiated relief.
“You don’t understand, Dean,” he whispered against Dean’s skin, licking the muscle where he would have made his mating claim. “You tempt me beyond belief!”
“Well, maybe you should shut up,” Dean groused, walking over and shoving the Alpha out of the door so he could finish cleaning in peace.
The ship’s captain, an old guy named Bogdan (Like seriously, what was up with these names?) watched Cas with a sort of bewildered fascination, obviously never having seen someone not nearly catch their death of cold while hurtling over the ocean at thirty-odd knots. The wind was with them, at least. In contrast, Dean was hiding in the wheelhouse so he could keep an eye on Cas but not have that same wind slice him like a country ham.
Gabe didn’t care. That bitch had beaten the hell out of Cassie, and even managed to hurt
to update. I feel very guilty about that; however, IRL has been kicking my butt in terms of medical issues and just everyday crap, so please bear with me. I'll update again soon.
“The first-aid kit wasn’t touched this morning, and I can see you didn’t bother to bandage anything. You wanna tell me something?”
That last part burned him to say, fuck Crowley and his nicknames anyway. Seriously, which part of him looked like a damn cartoon flying squirrel?
Eve smiled again, reaching over to the calligraphy brush she had found. The apartment she had taken as her new den had been owned by a fan of Japan, and they had collected many interesting artifacts. They
Sheol=Hades
Even if he had rebelled and fallen to earth against Michael’s edicts. Even if his grace was so much weaker here than Heaven, made worse because he was still, technically, a
Dean stood ramrod straight—to Joshua’s surprise—and, with his hand covered in suds, pointed at Joshua, “So help me, if you say ‘mysterious ways,’ Bishop or not, I
sweat and to grit out between pain-clenched teeth, “
Castiel no longer knew.
Gabriel started swearing floridly, and that was Castiel's cue to walk away quickly. Whatever they were fighting about, it was probably best to walk away from it. They rarely fought. It was just something else to make him nervous.
“If you excuse me, I need to wash my hands,” Castiel murmured through gritted teeth.
Bobby replied, “The legend is that the baku is a creature made of odds and ends left over from when the gods finished making all the other animals.”
Without thought, Castiel moved forward, stepping into Dean’s space, unable to stop himself from scenting him. That aroma of honeyed cinnamon was much stronger and warmer from the source, and Castiel’s control shook as the last fragrant traces of Dean’s heat crawled under his skin and scratched there, driving him mad.
“I don’t know if I can trust that —”
Crouching, he eyes the first body, a young woman, maybe in her mid-twenties. She had probably been pretty while she had been alive. Unfortunately, the weather’s just warm enough to promote decay and bugs, and her brown eyes peer sightless back at him from red, swollen flesh. The awkward angles of her joints could be from rigor mortis, but if she hasn’t been moved, it’s more likely caused by whatever killed her.
When the hood was pulled forward, it covered most of his face. “That is why you have been prepped like this,” the woman hissed, the tiniest tendrils of red threading her eyes. “Appreciate it. You are on the arm of the next Novak Pack Leader.”
“Someone want to explain to me what the fuck just happened?”
He felt Cas edging towards release, his motions more desperate, his breath faster, and Dean started to tumble himself. Possessively, his mind and heart clung to the bond, repeating
The voice shocked Dean and stopped Cas for a brief moment before he turned and growled at the voice. Dean’s Omega whined softly at the interruption, and Cas turned back to nuzzle him comfortingly, his protective rumblings rolling through them both.
what he told you?”
Blunt. Very blunt.
Castiel rubbed his eyes hard with the balls of his hands, hard enough that bright spots bloomed in the darkness under his lids.
Dean, who had been completely confused, realized Castiel was back to talking about the Baku.
caramel, just for Castiel, with the hint of delicious apples and just
She crossed herself and backed away from the truck. “Good luck with that. I think they will do the burial, but because of the illness, they will not dress him for a wake.”
want Cas. But not like this. Not nearly feral, his teeth sharp and his eyes more wolf than man.
“What, he’s not charmed by the Michael persona?” Castiel blinked as he realized he’d said that out loud
for rabies. You can’t just go around healing a whole village anyway, because that’ll make everyone suspicious, and once those people get to the violent stage, I’m going to have to put them down.”
Dean frowned at the information. It was a lot. Cas bent forward, his elbows on his knees and his hands loosely hanging, and he asked, “These
For an ungodly amount of money, the party room could be rented, complete with stripper poles set up on different ends, and a large disco ball in the middle. If the party goers so desired, they could change the lighting so it was dark with colored lights fragmenting off the disco ball. Crowley had even set up a Japanese-style karaoke, so they could sing to their drunken gratification. The huge black overstuffed couches in the room could be used as beds and the small glass tables generally held drinks, but were known to hold everything from candy to illicit drugs. The specialized hookah pipes had been installed into each end of the couches for easy reach. There was even a small private bar set up with only the highest-quality beverages and a selection of Slick.
Dean shook his head. “Doc said he sent samples to get tested. The… I don’t know? Fat test? Something? Whatever… he said it was negative.”
. “Hey, you filthy little walking bead! How was I supposed to know what the hell it looked like? I’ve never seen one! And it’s not like you and Heckle over here were any help!”
The tension in Dean’s shoulders and the torment on his face stopped both men from saying anything sarcastic. Bobby clapped Dean on the shoulder and made for the coffee machine with a simple, “He’s a tengu, Dean. He’s tougher than he looks.”
She walked away, leaving him a drooling mess on the ground, knowing he would never dream again, and she licked her slick fingers with a half-smile. Perhaps things had not changed as much as she had feared?
It was a language that Castiel had no notion of, although he could blame Dean, since he had put together a 'list' of things Ichiren-Bozu
From Bobby’s desk, Sam said (in his girly-ass-let’s-talk-emotions voice), “If you two want to be alone, I can arrange that. I don’t want to get in the way of your canoodling.”
But tonight, with her big haul, she was ready to start the spell. She had enough power to finally call the nue from beyond, and, with its help, she could then devour enough souls to bring the Hyakki Yagyō, the Night Parade, to this place and then to the world.
Dean smiled shyly, dropping his eyelids flirtatiously. His thumb brushed over Cas’s bottom lip as he asked, “Uh, how about you try saying it with your outside voice? I know you can talk human now that your grace is fully recovered.”
Michael smirked at him and shook his head. “You don’t
Dean immediately looked down, waiting for the Wesen to calm down because he knew his eyes would give him away. Over the past two weeks, Cas hadn't been the only one maturing quickly, and he had been attacked twice by members of the small tribe they had traded with in the tropics. The Cracher-Mortel, who was the tribe medicine man, had been seriously unhappy at being outed, and his henchman, twin Lausenschlange he had raised, had not taken kindly to it either. He sent out a mental curse to the stupid blowfish and his twin snake daughters (no matter how hot), and tried to focus on the guy in front of him.
The thing about not being able to smell anything was that it was like suddenly being struck blind. Add that he had to double his scent blockers because they wore off quickly (if the sniffing in his direction and the expressions of disgust were anything to go by), and he was now often a blind spot in a room. People would
If he hadn't had to deal with her maniacal diva moments and having to physically separate her from workers (and occasionally prying Gabe out of her grip) backstage, he might have thought her pretty.
Joshua was vaguely shocked by the revelation. Castiel had never even
Cas had just sat down when Dean returned with a plate of fresh pancakes and bacon. Cas knew that he’s already put a thin layer of butter between the pancakes and that the lavender honey he preferred to use is already warmed to pour over the stack. Suspiciously, he poured the honey over his pancakes and eyed Dean from across the table. “What’s the occasion,” he asked as he put a carefully carved bite into his mouth. The pancakes melted on his tongue, the soft flavor of the honey adding a lovely tang to Dean’s cooking.
Blue eyes looked pleadingly into Dean’s, and he sighed because he was just bad with the puppy eyes. His resistance was low. He needed to take classes on how to not crumple at the sheer sight of them.
“Better you not know,” Cas murmured primly, suddenly preening his feathers.
Smirking, Benny asked, “So Crowley wouldn’ let ya back out of these so-called dates?”
Akira watched them intently, her expression carefully blank. As Cas struggled to remain standing, she then bowed respectfully and said, “It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. This one is called Abe Akira. This one’s forefathers were onmyōji for the Imperial family. This one’s many times over grandfather was Abe no Seimei. This one thanks thee, O honorable daitengu, for thine presence here today.”
Last Rites: in case you don’t know, when someone is dying, they are given the last confession and all their sins are forgiven. This is sometimes considered the last ditch effort to gain forgiveness before being tossed into Hell because if you die while your sins are forgiven, then you have a guilt-free pass.
THIS IS UNBETA'D. I'm a dork.
Bobby turned up from behind him with a plate of toast, fried eggs, and bacon. “Mostly cursed weapons and some with just plain bad luck.”
The bird chuckled. “It was probably trying to get rid of you. Your energy is annoying.”
Castiel had tried to be patient, but then the Earth solidified and soon cheeky fish simply walked out of the waters, gasping and breathing air like it was their right. He had had a close call that day, slipping on a bit of mud and his embarrassment was unimaginable when his big brother caught him with firm fingers.
She reasoned the time to be between the hour of the Ox and the Tiger, which meant she needed to hurry before the cock’s crowed dawn.
John Winchester apparently had a lot to answer for when it came to his sons.
Dean sighed heavily and rubbed a hand over his face. “So fucking complicated. Damn it. It’s times like these I wish I had Sam’s uselessly big brain.”
in his presence before today.
He actually wanted to see the man, watch him smile at Sam, light up with nerdy glee and pride when Sam asked him tough questions, the smell of apple pie and linen layered with tones of happy vanilla.
He knew he sounded petulant, but what the fuck?? Was Dean some sort of bride being sold off? Hell, he didn’t
It's months later and Josie is back on stage, but Cas takes over some of the extra hours. Sometimes they perform together, although neither of them
night after night, as that bitch kept spawning hell creatures like she was suffering from beer shits.
“Many?” Benny’s gray eyes were a much lighter than Abram’s more ice than dark stormy sky, and right now, cutting. “How many is ’many’?”
Akira stopped moving for a moment and expectantly stared at them. “So, Dean, what’s the next move?”
Cas stood in the doorway in his ‘true’ form: standing tall, his dark hair pulled back, and with bright-blue human eyes. At his back, two huge raven-black wings were tucked in close to his body. A small, black lacquer pill-box hat sat on his head, and he was wearing a larger version of his original outfit: the pants he called hakama; the big sleeved white kimono-looking top (kosode, his brain supplied); his vest made of giant red pompoms; and there were these things that looked like shin-guards for soccer that were wrapped around his calves, tucking in the billowing black cloth of his pants, and making the white split-toe socks visible. Dean had never seen the leg wear, probably because Cas had never had to wear socks as a bird.
He made his way back to the living room, relieved as the fire had merrily started to burn in earnest and make the room actually warm. He took the rugs outside to air them. There were three giant woven rugs, no bugs in them, just bits of bug shell and dust. He shook them hard until no more visible dust rose off them and then dragged them back in. He got busy putting the rugs in place and shoving the furniture around. He should have gone into town, but Cas actually knew where the hell they were and he sure as hell didn’t. Also, Cas was less domestic than he was, what with being an angel, but he could buy stuff if told what was needed.
“We have records of a man whose organs were used for transplants in both Homer and Anchorage.”
Grinning, her hair quivered, and the fabric of her kimono changed into a schoolgirl's outfit, complete with high-riding skirt, cute striped panties, midriff revealing top, and loose socks. She let her hair tumble free and smirked into the night. She had two more souls to collect her night’s quota. Two more men to eat.
Sam hunched a bit in his seat. Now that he was here, he was uncertain.
Bobby harrumphed and rubbed his eyes with his thumb and forefinger. “Please tell me they aren’t—“
“Until something better appears, I guess.” His eyes flick to Dean's mouth. “But there are very few things that could
Technically, carnations mean things like love and devotion. Oscar Wilde’s love of wearing them as a statement meant they gained a nuance of “homosexuality” in the early 20
Castiel shouted, “No running!” But it was too late. The child was built like a giraffe, all legs and arms, and he moved fast, once he picked up speed.
Lucifer narrowed his eyes before lowering them submissively, unable to hold Castiel’s Alpha gaze. “Of course, Cassy. If you want me to.”
Michael had walked forward to open the door for Dean, and now he looked befuddled, like he hadn’t expected that response. Oddly, there was something familiar about that expression. Dean dug his heels in deeper while he tried to place it and failed.
Sam grinned and nodded, turning to Dean and giving him a hug. Dean rolled his eyes, but Castiel saw how much he loved his little brother when he gently hugged him back and scented his hair. Green eyes with gold-crown auroras locked onto his eyes with gratefulness and he felt himself smiling in reality.
He waved a wing in their general direction, ignoring Ichiren-Bozu’s scuttling to the altar to nibble at the candy.
Dean glared, pink staining his cheeks. “On the way back, we hit some turbulence.” He paused and looked away, muttering, “I threw up on him. He had taken me to some fancy restaurant again, which is why the helicopter, and I puked whatever shrimp dish he had ordered us onto his nice clean suit.”
Sighing, he walked in and eyed the interior. Fancy. Very fancy. It looked more like the lounge to Purgatory than a doctor's waiting room. Deep rich maroon couches decorated the waiting area around what looked like a fancy rug. The walls were wallpapered in ivory with a slightly darker shade striping it in 3D. There was an old painting of mostly
“Just tell us and we’ll let you up,” Gabriel grinned, his fingers moving towards Castiel’s well-known weakness: ticklish sides.
Dean threw up his hands in frustration.  “Well, ain’t that just grand?”
There is, although it may not show up here, an omega drug, although it's not used the same way.
When Dean threw himself down next to him on the couch, however, the tengu hissed and grabbed Dean’s arm, eyeing the scorched cut and the new bruises. He cooed over Dean’s wounds sadly, and looking ready to try and heal them. Dean jerked his arm away, turning bright red in the process, and said, “You are
Even odder, Dean
He decided to ignore it and asked, “Whose clothes are these anyway?”
“So, how often
This was something beyond Dean’s hopes and dreams. When he had been laid up with his heat and nothing was soothing that ache, sometimes just the thought of
The deli-owner had refused to confess, and it had turned into a bigger thing as the 25-year-old neighbor, Charles, had come forward guiltily and admitted to shivving Becky. He had kept spouting that he had loved the skirt madly and she had been his, had been his more than a few times, until her head had been turned by that bastard, Marlon Brando.
Abram opened his mouth and Benny forestalled him.
(錫杖). We will see that again.
Cas carefully stepped over the spot where Dean had slipped and said, “
Dean shuddered as Bela stepped away lightly in her strappy red spiked heels, her face magically transformed into a charming Omega visage. She straightened her back and tilted her head a bit, leaving her neck bare for Michael’s interest.
Dean turned on his brother, who was holding up a very pale Akira, and pointed at the Baku.
He ignored the thoughtful look from Akira and the sympathetic look from his giant moose of a brother. He and Cas had been through a lot, some of it neither Bobby nor Sam knew about. He had a feeling that Gabe knew, but that canny bastard wouldn’t say anything that would hurt Cas.
Dean avoided Bela for the rest of the evening, and declined to go to the after party, since he had to go home to Sam. Michael reluctantly agreed to send him home, but he stayed behind.
. Sam had never written anything under a full inch of paper. This thing was maybe a quarter of an inch, if that!
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sounds fucking delightful.” Dean grimaced.
It was how Dean was now pinned between two people he had been introduced to but whose names he couldn’t remember for the life of him. He grimaced internally as the odor of ozone bubbled off Cas as he walked in with Gabriel, the stink making Dean’s skin prickle and his stomach turn.
As he dug into his duffle, looking for a hoodie, he missed Cas chuckling.
Castiel snorted impolitely and bucked up to dislodge Gabriel, who hopped off with an annoying amount of finesse and grace.
And, when the woman had long gone, and the man had tired of failing to get a hit on her and stood panting and sweating, she had easily punched him in the face, knocking him out, and reached into his unconscious mind to pull every single fantasy, dream, and nightmare out of it as if collecting grapes off the vine. They were vile, filthy things, and she gladly ate them.
Cas smiled at him. “You can call me anirnisiaq, because it’s not wrong. I am that.” He tilted his head. “Although most have failed to see that. I can see your sight is very strong, angakkuq.”
Cas grinned at him and they opened the door to find every single eye on them. Dean coughed uncomfortably and mentally said,
They were really the saddest of the bunch.
Dean rolled his eyes and didn't even bother, shearing off to the right to cross the road towards the doctor’s house. He was glad Benny was naturally friendly and just pointed out everyone’s home as they passed it on their way to drop him off.
Because of that, when he had arrived in the very early hours of the morning, Castiel had skirted the main entranceway and the huge hall by sneaking in through the servants’ entrance, which led through the kitchen, and had practically tiptoed his way to his room, praying his mother (if home) was asleep somewhere and wouldn’t sense him.
The man didn't appear to notice, as he was eyeing Dean sharply with deep gray eyes. “And you?”
Even if the blood pounding in his ears hadn’t muffled what Dean had said, his instincts were thin threads away from being in control, and—for the first time in his life—a pair of lips held his attention captive. When Dean licked them nervously, leaving a wet streak across them, Castiel fixated on that flash of pink.
Dean tried to suppress his urge to blush. “Shaddup. It’s fucking cold out here!”
“You okay, angel?”
Cas nodded, finished off his tea, and made to stand up and pay the bill. Dean had given him some cash after they left Bobby’s, since Bobby had thankfully given them a couple grand to keep them going. Times like this, he felt pleased that Cas was doing things of his own volition, taking the initiative to try and live like a human. He didn't have to eat or drink, but he chose to in order to get closer to Dean and humans.
“Well, that’s no good,” he breathed out, rolling his lips in and looking around himself briefly.
Sitting on the edge of his bed in soft sweatpants (ignoring his uncomfortably stiff penis) and a loose hoodie, he ran his fingers in his hair, missing the scent of
Sam had thrown the shotgun to the side and was trying to keep the blue guy busy with the sword Akira had given him. The sword was a few inches shorter than Dean’s katana, and Sam was able to use it more like a long knife. It didn’t damage the blue guy much, but it kept him at a distance, so there was that.
He detached his lips only to find Cas had covered them with his wings, and he gently tugged one down to eye his brother.
. Cas was a priest-to-be, though, so that idea was just ludicrous. A priest couldn’t be someone’s
“Isn’t he though?” Michael grinned, squeezing Dean a bit.
Dean chuckled and ruffled Sam's hair with an affectionate hand, avoiding the petulant swat Sam aimed at him. "Never, Sam. Never."
Dean chuckled against Cas’s diaphragm, leaving small bite mark against the smooth pale skin, and nuzzling his way down.
“Well, if it isn’t my little Ken doll, fresh out of the packaging and ready to play house.” The British drawl made Dean cringe and he reluctantly stopped and turned around.
Cas laughs darkly. “Not remotely. In fact, you could say that's half of the reason I moved here with Gabriel.”
Dean’s eyes narrowed at him at that, whereas a shadow passed over Sam’s face.
He's not prepared for his brother to start crying.
“I can wake you,” Cas murmured, pulling him close.
The bird squawked, and Dean could hear it hopping heavily on the desk. “That’s exactly what I am! As expected of an esteemed hunter like Robert Singer!”
Using his good hand, Dean reaches out to Cas's face and tries to memorize the soft edges of his lips, the sharp lines of his nose and eyebrows, the soft brush of his scruff.
But the Purgatory bunch had very little contact with the small cadre of third-level omegas Crowley employed upstairs. It wasn’t like Crowley threw holiday parties for his employees. So if the house omegas threw parties, they didn’t often invite the downstairs lot.
Benny laughed darkly. “Are you sure? He had a crush on her, y’know? He hated she married the doctor, a man twenty years her senior.”
But Castiel would and this was an emergency.
“Bobby?” Sam asked slowly, feeling a headache coming on, and rubbing his temples with his hand, only to slide it down and pinch the bridge of his nose. “When did this become our lives?”
She loved the formlessness of the betobetosan, made of nothing but ether and wooden sandals, the way their wooden sandals clacked in time as they synchronized their pace with walkers and followed them as long as they could. The betobetosan would get closer and closer with each step, invisible and bodiless. The humans, already terrified by the events menacing the city, would run, looking behind them, looking for the haunting sound of footsteps that followed them. But each and every time they turned to see what was following them, they’d find nothing.
Dean pinpointed a heavy right hook up into the guy’s chin and, from his hiding place, Castiel could see it connected solidly, the young man’s eyes rolling up into his head til they were white as he flew backwards from the impact, his feet leaving the ground for a moment with the strength of it. He landed with fleshy thump on the driveway.
Castiel appeared to frown, and he said, warningly, “Ichiren-Bozu, watch yourself.”
Dean stepped forward into Sam’s battle with the sword, glad Gabe was guiding him, because, although he was pretty good with a knife, he wasn’t sure what to do with a sword, other than poke someone with the pointy end.
Michael stared at him a moment and chuckled. “I didn’t mean it to sound petty. I meant…” He took a deep breath in and sighed out a wispy cloud. “I want you to get better. It’s important to me.” He reached out a hand and took Dean’s out of the comforts of the coat pocket, wrapping his fingers around Dean’s.
Dean smiled weakly.
Dean paused and then agreed. “It’d be faster than walking,” he said, taking Cas’s hand.
But the reality for Castiel was that he
This was the time of science, not magic; a time of logic, not belief.
very sarcastically, while his brother stared at him with a touch of amusement.
” and proceed to pull Cas in for a kiss, making sure his brother got an eyeful.
“I got you, Cas,” Dean murmured against Cas’s throat, marking that unblemished column with his teeth and sucking on it to leave dark purpling marks. “You’re mine. All mine.”
“Father” Emmanuel Castiel Novak used to be a man of Faith. He had had faith so strong and absolute, he could part a sea of omegas in the deep throes of Heat and pass without feeling a thing for them.
“Amen to that,” she muttered, rubbing at her head.
Blinking, Dean opens and closes his mouth soundlessly in shock at Cas’s bravado, but he nearly cries when Cas chuckles, “Just kidding! Ah, your face!”
(鬼火 "ghost fire"): [CREATURE/SPIRIT] These are almost exactly like Will-o-Wisps in English, except this variation doesn't just trick someone (or help them) but actually touches a person and sucks out their life force, killing them. There are other types like this, but this is all you need to know here.
Benny eyed him for a moment and started chuckling. “Look at him, Abram! He’s so wrapped up in this one, he cannot even think straight.” He knocked Cas with his shoulder, and, thankfully, Cas just went with it, allowing himself to be budged.
“No way. Acting my age is boring.”
The thing about the Novak mansion was that it
“Dean,” Cas said slowly, as if speaking to a particularly slow child, “That is not a pig. That is a tapir.”
. “Crowley… how are you doing tonight?”
Bobby thought that was an excellent idea and was about to say so when Castiel murmured, “Give us a moon, Dean. Let us see what we can accomplish.”
A small smile curled in the corner of Cas’s lips. “You eat it. And no. Not really.”
She pointed at the map and the spot Bobby had pointed out. The areas where there had been yōkai attacks had been clearly marked in red, with hauntings and other phenomena (like betobetosan attacks, which were just annoying) were marked in blue. She pulled out a black marker and started to draw on the map revealing the pentacle, and then several smaller markings outside the pentacle, marking it with sigils.
“Yeah, alright, tough guy. I’m happy to hear my girlification would bring you joy. Let me go so I can restart the fire.”
The river they followed, it seemed, was one of a branch of rivers, and they had made it to the fork in what felt like forever. Time had no weight here and it was disturbing how much Cas had grown used to its constant measurement in the human world.
Still, even badly bitten as he was, Dean had made a good chunk of cash, a little over two grand, thanks to the guy’s break in good behavior and an earlier client who had left him a nice fat tip. He took a moment to enjoy the peace and quiet of the trailer and then slowly hoisted himself up. He had showered at Purgatory, but he still felt nasty. His ass hurt from the abusive alpha, and he knew he was going to have a rough morning.
in St. Louis, so I’ll be gone just for the night.” He turned and winked at his little brother. “I want to find you a nice gift while I’m there, so I don’t want to miss Christmas.”
The raven leaped off the desk and jumped onto Dean’s shoulder, pecking him on the head. “C’mon human! Run!”
Castiel bowed his head and murmured,
Dean and Sam stared blankly back, not sure what the problem was, and Castiel said, firmly, “I’m making Croquet-monsieur! How hard can it be?”
He felt the bird stand a bit straighter and, then he said, “To the left. The woods are that way, correct? There are too many man-made items here; she’s likely to run away from here and seek out nature.”
“You are such a
Dean shot a look at Benny. “That’s question, ain’t it? I read the doc’s notes and he said it was actually worse when he woged. That he was afraid he was getting violent…”
When he walked up the steps, he noted these steps were steady and weren’t about to let him fall straight through like the place where they were staying. The door, he discovered, was open, and he walked in with no difficulty.
Dean eyed the hookah and sighed.
He tried again.
Day 42, or the day he got beaned by a random baseball while walking into the house, was a bad day.
Gabriel yelped, and tried to catch him as Dean head-dived over his shoulder; but the bad luck and Dean’s momentum was too much, and he started to fly head first into the linoleum. Castiel threw himself underneath, knowing he was currently sort of weak and probably unable to hold up Dean's weight, and praying his feathers would at least soften the blow. Which they might have, but it also helped that Sam apparently had mighty, far reaching arms that managed to catch most of Dean’s weight before he completely crashed into Castiel. There were a few undignified “unff!s” and another yelp from Gabriel as Dean’s knee beaned him in the eye. It was then just a lot of low swearing as the pile of creatures realized they were in a dog-pile on the kitchen floor with Castiel basically on the bottom. Castiel shoved at Dean’s head when he heard him chuckle, “Dog-pile on the birdy!”
“I remember he never wanted to get in trouble. He was afraid his father would get angry.”
The first thing that happened was the black oily cloth was suddenly in the leader’s face, stuck there with all the oil that Dean had been using it to wipe up. There was a small gasp from the surprised blond, and he automatically grabbed for the sticky fabric, as Dean followed up the cloth with a heavy right cross to the jaw that knocked the guy on the ground with enough force to bounce his head against the concrete. He groaned but he didn’t move.
Like that was what Dean wanted.
Michael looked up at Dean, surprise evident, and a genuine smile lit his handsome face as he responded, “I don’t care if you don’t fit in! I just want you with me.”
Because he was close to his heat, he knew he was probably attracting them. The smell was undoubtedly clinging to him a bit, and he was just wearing a t-shirt and a Henley in the quickly cooling weather.
Cas paused and looked at Dean. He slowly said, “She might be waiting for you tomorrow.” He stared at his hands. “She...
Exhausted but intrigued by the response, Castiel blew out a chagrined laugh, his eyes seeking out the omega’s green. “To be honest, that has never happened in my entire life. Never. Not even when confronted with violence by another alpha, I have never lost my temper. I do humbly apologize.”
She also learned that men still attacked women, when — as the sun had finally set and the park was slowly emptying — she came upon a man pinning down a young woman in one of the bushes. That, at least, was not new to her.
Abram slowly said, “She was out playing while her mum hung the laundry, and when she turned about, the girl was gone.”
Dean launches into his job description, how much effort it takes, how taxing seeing the worst of humanity is every day, and they talk long after the sun lights the sky. Cas never judges, and he listens intently, nodding sympathy. When they do go to bed, exhausted, they fall asleep tangled together on the small bed after Dean calls in sick. There’s no thought of sex between them. There’s something fragile but tenuous between them. Dean isn’t ready for it. Cas isn’t ready for it. But there’s something comforting in cuddling together in their undergarments, something about a warm, non-judgmental body that feels good.
“Pretty much.”
Dean cringed as Cas stared at him, gritted his teeth, and said, “Oh, yes. Dean and I know each other quite well. His brother is an altar boy at St. Thomas.” He turned that rictus smile towards Lucifer, who actually cringed. “His brother is a good kid. I believe he wants to be a lawyer like you, Lucifer. Perhaps you can chat with him sometime?”
? Those filthy, roaming beasts?
“Dean, the sun is about to be too high in the heavens, and we've already spent too much time arguing about the
“Seems redundant,” Dean commented as they walked up the short walkway and up to the large patio. There were tables set outside with large umbrellas to protect from the elements, but with the day so overcast, it seemed most folks had decided inside was the way to go.
The power slammed into them with the force a car driving into them, pushing them all back. Dean had managed to parry with Gabe, and yelled, “Sammy!?”
to want sex!”
Castiel ducked his head and then did something with his wing, muttered something Dean didn’t catch, and suddenly, with a pop, the raven was back. “Let us return to Robert Singer and tell him what has happened.”
Dean scowled hard and put out his hand, closing his eyes. “First a fucking bird bosses me around, and now a fucking bead. How is this my life?”
“So, Dean, what happened last night?”
“Why don’t you woge,” he asked, eyeing him skeptically.
The blond reached out and grabbed Dean’s hand, sniffing his wrist. Dean grit his teeth and let him, grateful he had used scent blockers (although they eventually got weaker at the wrist and neck), but between his clenched teeth said, “Sir, I am here to serve you in all ways but sexually. If I am serving sexually, who would make sure you have drinks and fun?”
Michael’s.
The second was the possessiveness in Michael’s scent bloomed and curled around him, trying to
“That’s because you talk all proper and stuff.” He chuckled, and kissed his angel lightly before escaping his arms and heading towards the bag. “Did you have any trouble?”
Dean ignored the salacious wink the doctor managed to add to his alias and replied, “Well, as you can smell, I seem to be suffering from…” Dean paused, feeling bitter about it. “Rejection,” he grumbled.
Michael grimaced at Dean as he took his hand, and then plastered on a fake grin as he stepped onto the red carpet. Tugged along behind him, Dean had no choice but to move forward onto the carpet as well, grateful for the foxes that were protecting him now. The sound of shutters flicking open and close, the calls from various people as they tried to get their attention, the loud demands to know who Dean was—and for them to smile for the cameras—were overwhelming, and he was again thankful that he couldn’t smell anything.
While Cas walked to the town to get food, Dean needed to clean up the house, as it looked like it had been deserted for a while.  At least there was a small mountain of wood piled up, because it was cold as a witch’s tit.
Only nerves and coffee are holding him up now.
Dean sighed. “Of course he did.”
at me!”
Looking a bit harried, Cas said, “Liza refused to let me leave without food when she found out we were staying at the old abandoned izba off the main road.”
Sam nodded, tugging at his coat, and Dean noted Sam’s army-green parka was already short in the sleeves and tight in the shoulders. Sighing, Dean grabbed the kid and hugged him. “C’mon. Let’s get us some cocoa.”
Joshua chuckled lightly and stood up as the kettle started to whistle faintly. “Sam, priests might be dedicated to God, but they are still only men. The point is, we are tempted. Just like any other being on the planet, we are tempted. The difference should be our ability to resist that temptation.”
“That’s not funny, Dean. I’d prefer it if you weren’t in the line of fire.”
“Were you jealous, Cas?” Dean teased, leaning his head back to give him more space to nibble.
“Pirozhki, obviously.” Cas had already stirred his soup, which was now creamy, and had started eating it.
He just tried to manage it.
Now, once a week, Dean was under the old girl for two hours at a time, changing out belts and timers, removing rust from the body and replacing the bald tires with newer ones. There was a lot of noise in the garage now, which was tolerable as long as Castiel and Sam practiced in the church. It also saved Castiel from staring, saliva pooling in his mouth for no reason, all while his brain tried to keep up and suppress his Alpha’s instincts.
“AND NOW, OUR HOST FOR THE EVENING, MICHAEL C. NOVAK!”
As Dean stumbled away to hack and try not to vomit, Cas focused his gaze. The black fruit actually looked like a small baby, the hands and legs curled up over the stomach and chest. A tiny head rested its chin against its chest, and he could see that this was gnome-producing fruit. This particular fruit even looked close to being ripe, and, curiosity egging him on, Cas took a step closer to look at it.
“We can take you home,” Abram asserted before they made the door.
He smiled back up at her, all teeth and charm. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
“It’s 430,” Liza said, putting down the refilled tea cup. Her face said they had better finish the tea before leaving, and Dean settled back in before putting the jam in his tea. Cas added jam and milk again, and even looked happy as he sipped it.
barely audible as Dean gasped, his Omega nearly completely surging to the surface by his Alpha’s nips. He wanted it. He wanted those sharp teeth to take him,
Dean goes to SWEETIES that night as he planned and is hypnotized by Cas’s fingers and lips as he sings. The slight swivel and shake of the man's hips make his throat dry with want again and he swallows down more scotch.
Cas grinned down at him, his eyes luminescent with lust and joy. “I’ve been waiting for three days to have sex with you, Dean Winchester. What do you think I’ve been doing in the bathroom?”
After a week, with the imported help, the situation had improved somewhat. Pastor Jim had shown up with a few disciples, and they were using their skills as exorcists to at least banish the corpse-eating ghosts. That, at least, was a mild relief, but they couldn’t do much more. The yōkai just didn’t respond to their prayers or chants like they did their own homegrown ones.
Dean put out his hand and Gabriel grinned, slapping it with his own. Dean squawked and Gabriel laughed, disappearing (along with all the food; he’d never let it go to waste) and leaving a black 昭雄 in the middle of Dean's palm.
He ignored the growled swearing from the hall, and angrily tugged off his clothes. Dean fumed:
But Cas ignored him and slammed into the rectory.
“I am nowhere near late,” he replied, slapping the big bear of an Alpha on the shoulder. “How’s tricks?”
It was also disconcerting that he occasionally caught his brother
Abram was also looking at him with great amusement, and he felt heat flood his face uncomfortably. “Can — um — can we just go somewhere else? I’ll tell you everything I know. If we stay out here too much longer, everyone will come out to look.”
Dean finishes off his third double scotch and knows he should stop, but the unmanly desire to see the singer naked and under him makes him feel uncomfortable enough to ask for one more. He even digs out another cigarette and joins the other smokers in adding ambiance to the club.
Century. If you know the nuance, you know the meaning.
Abram looked conflicted, and Dean blew out an aggravated sigh. “Look, are they Wesen?”
Akira slammed her small hands down on the desk, ignoring the piles of books and maps that was taking up space on it. “But the lore says that’s dangerous. The tail on its own is capable of doing monstrous things!”
Cas reached over and took his hand, slotting their fingers together. Dean squeezed it in understanding.
Castiel was not so sure, and when Lucifer was cast down for his pride and Gabriel ran away, he knew these "humans" would go farther and do more than any angel in Heaven or Hell.
“Please, Cas,” he begged breathlessly against Cas’s ear, shivering at the feel of his Alpha’s hard cock against his ass. He shimmied back a bit to feel it slide against the cleft, his slick lubing the way, and the friction almost too much for his heightened sense of touch.
Cas walked up next to Dean, and said, “We’re just here to ask about Misha Quma’giinaq. That’s it.”
“Just put it on, Dean,” Michael said wearily, tugging at his sleeve as the elevator pinged to a stop. “We’re here. Let’s get this over with.”
Castiel sighed as he stood at the edge of the large decorative pond his parents had installed over twenty years ago. In spring, the fat and huge koi that had lived there since the beginning would swim large and lazy circles in it. In November, the water wasn’t quite freezing over yet, but it was definitely looking icy and the koi were nowhere to be seen, probably already hibernating.
Bobby hmph’d and eyed Dean critically. “You look mighty muddy for someone who wasn’t in a scuffle.”
He huffed out a sigh and rubbed a hand over his face. “I hate this part,” he rasped out, awkwardly standing. “Ugh, give me a straight fight any day.”
Shesh swallowed hard, and moved his sightless gaze down into his lap. “The man, husband, father found his family in the street, and he became distraught and begged for justice. He went to the police, but there was no evidence of wrong doing, especially when the bodies were found next to the ruin of the car. His eldest daughter's body had gone missing, and the police were lax and wouldn't search for her. Why would they? They had helped kill her.”
Dean didn’t wait to find out if anyone listened. If anyone called for him, he didn't hear them.
Cas forced himself to his feet, already feeling the heaviness of his Flames dying within him, and looked out as far as he could past the tree line.
The first sign they saw said, “пища наша” painted onto a large board with what looked like fancy dishware stacked with food around it. The not-so-helpful romanization underneath it said, “Pishcha Nasha,” which caused to Dean to ask, “And that means..?”
Some of this stuff are things I know. Some of it I looked up. Here are some sites.
“Not married,” Dean admits, rubbing the back of his neck nervously. “You? Gotta girl waiting for you to move back?”
mating mark, said some insidious voice in Castiel’s head. He violently shivered and ripped his eyes from the cooking Omega.
So much for looking good for the Novaks.
Naoe the Absurd
Cas looked around at the cabin and smiled beatifically at him.
Dean was ready to call Michael just to get him to stop sending flowers.
thin.
Sam cleared his throat and quietly asked, “Is… Deacon Castiel going to be in trouble? For touching Dean?”
well for his time. When things were
If he didn’t tell them, they would literally hound him until the end of the world, prank him endlessly, and—
“Whoa, bro! What the actual fuck?”
. Although he was the instrument of the guy’s doom, Dean still cringed as the fellow slid down the car trunk, leaving a bloody trail on the white paint, only to land with a pained grunt on the ground.
The raven pushed off his shoulder and hopped on top of his head, carefully avoiding the gauze. He pecked at Dean’s forehead, and Dean lifted a hand to whack him into a tree, when the bird hopped onto his wrist and dropped a black wooden bead into his palm. “You must hold Ichiren-Bozu up to the creature. It will do the rest.”
Dean nearly slapped him upside the head for that.
“Ah, yes,” Dean said faintly, eyeing the heavy rope with an actual tassel at the end.
Bobby just glared at him and turned around, presumably to go upstairs and check, the faint echo of, “idjit,” reaching Dean’s ears.
The faint scent of amusement floated to his now-active nose.
The band chuckles, apparently in on the joke that has Dean suspecting “begging to sing” is not precisely what happened.
“For what?” Dean had tried to be suave, but he had somehow ended up sounding scared.
. Dean’s body was warm and pliant, even demanding more, as his fingers slipped into Castiel’s hair and their legs slotted together for maximum exposure to each other.
“I’m sorry, son,” he huffed through his sniggering. “It should not happen again. Come by on Thursday after school. We’ll get the paperwork done and I’ll show you the ropes to serving, and ask the Bishop if you could be worked into the schedule.”
Bobby sighed. “Tell that meatheaded pair to meet me in my office
“Yo, bitch!” Buzz-cut barked. “Service us now, whore!”
that.” Dean pointed at the bird. “
Anguish stabbed through Dean’s chest, almost as painful as the claws ripping out his luck, and he said quietly, “C’mon Cas. Let’s go rest in my room. We can listen to some music or something.”
“It’s that or you wait to recover on your own.” Balthazar pulled the tablet from his lab coat pocket again and flicked at it a moment, nodding. “Yes, it says that the last documented case of rejection lasted six months before the symptoms let up.”
, and Dean found himself leaning a bit closer to Michael to not feel like the bodyguard was looming over him and would at some point stab him through the belly and howl that “THERE CAN BE ONLY ONE!”
He starts awake as someone shakes his shoulder and he nearly falls off the chair trying to get away.
Cas was struggling with the pans. There were, it seemed, two pans: a very heavy looking cast iron pan that he was waving around like it was Teflon light, and a cheap, severely scratched up Teflon pan that looked like it was going to give its next users cancer.
“I—uh—already found a room and I’ll be moving out by the week’s end.”
A reasonable person, a
Um, I'm also sorry it took me so long to update. I suck. I apologize.
“Dean,” he suddenly heard, “Over there… I think that’s…”
Dean must've just made it in time for the act, then. He hates to admit he's curious about the guy who's good enough to cover for Josie. For all her inner demons, Josie is a class act and plays the boys like a violin.
Benny nodded understanding. “They are annoying, but you love them any way.”
Castiel opened his mouth to ask what they were doing when the door opened again to admit Michael, who seemed to be pulling someone behind him. He was obviously holding the person’s hand and, all the way from the door, the scent of caramel apples trickled in.
had woven into the tsunami of scents that came off the near-feral Alpha, Cas’s blue eyes completely red with his emotions, his fangs and claws out, even as he cracked the piece of table he was gripping like a stress ball, making it pop like gunshots.
Bela colored under his impersonal stare and shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot.
When Dean finally raised his head a bit, Cas saw his eyes were dark with lust and those lips were red and slick with spit. He brushed a thumb over them, and he murmured, “I appreciate the treat, but if you keep this up, I’m
Sam really couldn’t counter that, and he gave Dean a sad puppy-eyed look while poking at his new egg. “I’m sorry, Dean. I was just hungry.”
He’d worry about it later.
She turned her back on the kijo and looked outside. The streets were already filling with the sound of sirens and the low roar of humans panicking. She smiled.
Thankfully, Sammy had.
“Misha,” the girl said through bloodless lips. “Misha Quma’giinaq? It was a joke.”
get to eat like that, capiche?”
Not that he cared, precisely, because the champagne was cool and crisp on his tongue, and he was relieved to not hear the same spiel from Michael’s fake smiling face about “how nice to see you here” and “Oh, of course! How could I forget your lovely blah blah blah?”
Defiance glared out from those spring-green eyes, his chin jutting out even more, partly in anger, partly in fear. “We also have a neighbor watching us. Our Dad will be home soon.”
in admiration of his swearing skills.
making his blood pressure skyrocket and his temperature rise. “I left him there!”
“Yeah, whatever. Just… let’s get this over with. I don’t wanna be caught wearing this.”
“Maybe, but you’ve been doing this shit for over twenty years, and it never occurred to you that you needed to clear it out now and again?”
Meg gives him the eye, since she doesn't generally see him there every night. Maybe every
“Just Sam. He was serving today.” Castiel smiled fondly. “He did a fine job too.”
planning something, aren’t you?”
“I was getting a snack from the pantry and he tried to sneak by.”
Bobby started to roll his eyes and even Sam started to, but Akira’s look startled and somewhat frightened, saying, “Wait. You’re Gabriel. You.... oh fuck… did you put one
as any alpha or beta, damn it! He rarely wore omega makeup and never used specially-made omega goods for the “sweet-smelling omega.” He didn’t
The blond hummed appreciatively at Dean’s scent and pressed a small kiss into his pulse point, winking up at him. “I think I could make do, but I’m sure my fellows would kill me.”
Cas eyed him reproachfully. “Yes, that has no percentage of success, Dean.”
it. It’s what
“Are you cold, Dean? Come on, now! Let’s get you ready.”
The walk to the church was pleasant, seeing as the autumn weather was cool but not cold. A slight breeze ruffled their clothes and hair, and they enjoyed themselves, Dean making crude jokes about sex and Sam crying out in disgust and smacking him.
Kyuubi: If you watch anime, you may know this word from
His fingers are lightly raking through Dean's hair, the words mellow and aching with longing.
. He was evenly wiping his palms with a filthy rag as three young alphas around his age snarled and half-circled him, their eyes alpha red and their erections obvious in their pants. The thick smell of
Cas’s wings flared up in a display of his iridescent blue-black coverts, his primaries trembling to show how much he wanted Dean. He wrapped his fist around their dicks, pumping them in unison. Dean moaned into his mouth, and Cas took that breath into himself, as if it were life itself.
“Nikolai, we must let him into the Sett! See reason!”
As he had sat reminiscing about his flourishing literally nonexistent love life (Dreams don’t count, right?), his red-headed target was banging out the door, grinning with shiny bravado that might have fooled most people, but Dean was too used to seeing that grin in the mirror every morning. That was the grin of a desperate man trying to hide it.
“Ah, I see. You are alarmingly tall,” Cas notes as Sam scrapes back his abnormally long hair. “Sam, you really ought to get your hair trimmed. I can see why Dean refers to you as a yeti.”
Dean flushes at that, hits the radiator heater with a shoe a couple of times to get it running, and points to the two-chair dining room set he’d kept after Sam left. “Can I, uh, get you something? Like… I dunno? I think I’ve got some tea in there, some coffee? I did promise breakfast…”
Castiel hopped over to the desk and pecked at the tomes Bobby Singer had piled there, searching for information on the Baku. He read through the Japanese smoothly, finding small transcription errors in some texts, outright lies in others.
“I knew sooner or later showing you all that porn was going to pay off! Now you at least know where to put your dipstick!”
Dean paused in his scrubbing out the soup pot to sigh heavily and turn a shuttered expression on Joshua. “Please, for the love of your God, PLEASE tell me this isn’t going to be one of those talks about feelings. I don’t
“Of course he did.” Michael handed back the book with a smirk, and, for perhaps the millionth time in his life, Castiel wondered what he had done to make his brother dislike him so much? He wasn’t in charge of his biology. Inwardly, that seed of resentment that had recently taken root sprouted a bit more. His entire life, his biology had defined him, made his family pigeonhole him, made his brother hate him, and now made him
Castiel smiled at him and pointed at Joshua’s boots. “Shouldn’t you leave those outside? What’s the point of wearing them if you’re only going to track mud in?”
“So, who’s the mystery guy?” Sam asked, taking a sip of his orange juice.
“Something...? Did I
Gruesome corpse discussions.
Castiel shoved at both at them, annoyed, but there was something rather comforting about his brothers teasing him. They were both unsinkable in the face of oppression, and, as Omegas, that was pretty constant.
much. And I hope in the end you don’t say ‘yes’ just because you feel obligated. That’s a surefire way to make sure everyone’s unhappy.”
The woman nodded. “And a side of pirozhki!” Those dark brown eyes assessed them again, and she said, “Allow me to show you to your seats. The food will be out shortly.”
Dean popped another one, shaking slightly as a rush of pre-heat flooded his system and made him want to strip back down to absolutely nothing. He was going to burn again. He was only on the cusp of heat and it felt ready to burn him deeply, possibly completely. He saw Cas gaze at him a moment, red still threaded through blue, and the scent of rut delicately drifting to his nose, delicious and everything he wanted in one sniff.
He wiped at the blood on Cas’s face with trembling fingers. “Cas? You can’t leave me and go somewhere I can’t follow. C’mon. You promised.”
“I am
Benny breathed out, “The first victim… she was bitten and torn to shreds…”
“Ungh!” Dean grabbed at Gabe’s blue shirt, and growled, “I… dude… I— I can’t keep it together. I’m gonna pass out…”
“Go away, Gabriel,” Castiel grumbled into the duvet as someone rudely plucked the pillow off his head.
alpha like Mr. Novak take you somewhere you need a fine suit for,” he huffed, handing Dean a suit from the rack behind him. It was pin-striped dark blue.
Abram shook his head. “No, I think it was Daniil. He came back from Homer after that surgery and said he felt ill.” His beetled brows knitted together. “I remember because Asya wanted to know why her son wasn't improving after getting a replacement pancreas? Remember, he was always sick, and they found out he had cancer?”
“No. No, we won’t because I will feel your bitsy spider feet on my skin and, yeah…
In the morning, he stops at a different flower shop and sends more flowers: daffodils and green carnations. The shopkeeper gives him a look, but Dean shrugs it off, just grateful his mother had an interest in flowers. “’new beginnings’ and ‘homosexual love’, huh?” He shakes his head but pays for them, leaving a nice tip.
Bastard. Why did he even worry about him?
Dean huffs. “Doesn't sound too bad.”
The old girl was down but not out, and Dean was determined to get her back on her feet.
She sniffed knowingly. “I can imagine. Now, get on it. Your princess is waiting to be rescued.”
Big blue eyes in a round pale face snapped to his face and the guy turned to run, slipping a bit on the wet concrete as he went, leaving a bit of blood from a scraped palm on the sidewalk.
Benny nodded. “Karp and Lilya are both in bed. They are sweating, and refusing water and food. They had those seizures, but they are fine now.”
He turned back into a raven and flew to the roof, where he just sat, looking somewhat sad and pathetic when Dean checked on him a bit later. Dean made sure to take out all the nails and open the window a bit so Cas could get back in.
Put that way, Dean just felt bad. He frowned and sputtered, “Y—you’re the idjit.”
Dean said, “I honestly don’t know. I don’t have my research team with me, and if Cas doesn’t know…” Cas shook his head. “...then I will have to call for backup.”
Castiel echoed Dean’s grimace of pain as the guy couldn’t stop the momentum of his charge and impacted head first into the Studebaker’s 1959 solid metal body with an extremely loud thunk, sliding unconscious to the ground to bleed there.
Not that it always worked in Crowley’s favor. As a group, the Purgatory Omegas were feisty and prone to retaliation. If pissed off enough, they closed ranks and were a handful. Crowley tried to avoid that: last time, he ended up losing money on clients
It was all made easier to enjoy with Joshua’s using Dean’s skills as a handyman. The young Omega was extremely clever with his hands, something Sam collaborated when he said Dean also worked for the trailer park whenever there was some sort of problem, from a broken awning to a satellite dish falling off. Dean apparently fixed it all and they received a small discount on their rent plus a little cash for food.
“Right. Of course.” He patted Jeffrey’s shoulder as they walked out to the limo, Stuart sitting behind the wheel and starting to pop out to help when Castiel waved him back into the car, allowing the Jeffery to open the door for him, but not letting him take his bag. The snow was coming down in increasingly thick flurries, and he was happy to get into the warm vehicle.
Castiel tensed and prayed they couldn’t read him.
“S-should we go in?” Sam asked after his turn at the telescope. He was looking vaguely uncomfortable as Gabe had decided to sit
In contrast to Joshua, his brothers, Lucifer and Gabriel, were constantly teasing him and trying to lead him into temptation: bars, strip clubs, and even gambling dens. He ignored them, and they stopped when they realized that Castiel didn’t just sit in the corner, mortified. He found the nearest sad soul and started counseling them. It was annoying for them how consistent he was in his faith, and even more so that he pissed in their prank Cheerios every time they took him out.
The title is taken from
Through his heavy pants, the stench of aroused Alpha that stuck thickly to the trapped air in the bathroom, and aftershocks of orgasms rippling through his body, Castiel hung his head and, stuttering out another sticky handful of pure shame, used the scent cleanser spray to hopefully rid the room of the pong.
—tell their parents he was hiding something.
He ran over to the collapsed tengu, kneeling next to him, but there was no life left in him. His skin was even paler, and his flesh had been fileted off his chest as well as part of his right wing, as if he tried to protect himself from the blow. Blood had bubbled from his lips, as the claws had managed to get deep enough to rip a lung, and his blue eyes were closed.
There was a knock at her door, startling her. She looked to the glowing numbers that told the time and saw it was still early, only nine in the evening. She walked to the door, paused to make sure she was wearing clothes, and opened the door.
“Cassy, you need to snap out of it. They’re about done with introductions.”
An hour later, Dean was wearing a funky outfit with a funkier hat, and wasn’t happy. Bobby had left, snickering, and only Dean and Cas were left. Dean felt foolish. “Why the hell do I have to wear this?”
of that. Sammy was going to be a virgin until he was 90, if he had anything to do with it!
But the sandwich was awesome.
Dean winked back as he moved forward to take Michael’s arm. The guy was obviously still feeling the effects of the Slick and gave Dean a slow, bawdy grin that Dean wanted to smack off his face.
. “If you can wait a second, I can walk you downstairs and let you out, because I’ll have to take all the nails out of the window.” He jerked his thumb at the window. “Bobby’s, y’know, kinda paranoid.”
Cas couldn’t help but grin when the effect of the whole thing was “I heart U, Cas.” Cerulean blue eyes looked into emerald green and he burst out laughing, unable to control himself. Dean, of course, took offense, and said, “What the hell, Cas! This took me forever to put together!”
snug, even if they had made it work.
“Then you're here permanently?” Hope flares a bit in his chest as Cas nods.
So they waited.
Second-level Omegas are feisty because they have the physical strength to back it up. They are not as strong as second-level Alphas or purebloods, but they won’t be easily won. They are desired for their strong genetics and abilities to pass on dominate genetics AND have multiple children. They typically will have two to three to a pregnancy, IF they can be convinced to mate.
“You’re saying like a cursed doll or something.” Dean was familiar with those. Hell, he’d fallen on top of one just earlier, if the tiny shoeprint-like bruise on his hip was any indication. “Like that have the owner’s hair in them or...or their clothes? A ghost making them move?”
Castiel perched on his desk as the two boys took seats in the office’s two dark leather chairs. They were generally for when Castiel or Joshua needed to counsel someone or have a private meeting.
Just beyond the jungle gym of Sam’s limbs, Dean can see Cas’s concerned face.
As it turned out, Dean was not Prince Charming in this scenario, but fucking
Also, I'm going to try posting around the 25th. TRY.
"I doubt Cassy would let it get to that point," Lucifer said smoothly. "He's so in control all the time. No one has even seen him get angry for fuck's sake." Lucifer smirked. "Don't you kind of want to see it?"
“For a while,” Dean said, sipping on his now cold tea. It still tasted good, though.
"You're not getting any younger yourself, Hael! Soon you'll be past your best reproductive years and you’ll end up an old spinster Beta with 15 cats and nothing else!"
“Maybe not,” Dean interjected. “Maybe he never told her.”
The woman’s eyes hardened on Cas and she asked, “Вы украинец
He tried not to sulk about it because Gabriel would tease him endlessly for it. He already had had to endure a full week of smirks and chuckled, “Gen, is it?” His faint protestations had been ignored. His glares had failed to shut the fox up. Not even biting Gabriel’s tiny fox tail had done enough to discourage him from teasing: “Dean misses Gen, y’know?” and “Dean keeps talking about this mysterious Gen!”
Castiel looked behind him and realized that he would have hit the stove with his rump, and probably set himself on fire because he hadn’t turned off the burner like a moron. He tried to calm his inner Alpha, who was again agitated that
Dean gagged harder, the thing in the center of his being swirling ugly and demanding freedom.
“I’m not most omegas.”
Castiel wanted to punch him so badly.
Dean slowly lowered his third flute of champagne from his mouth and held back the huge resigned sigh he wanted to release.
He sat up, rubbing his hands through his hair again, scratching aggressively at his scalp. He had always thought he was a smart man but—obviously—not smart enough to untangle the mysteries of his heart.
Maybe.
Sam grinned and took off.
“What?” Stunned surprise wasn’t exactly what he had expected from Michael. “What do you mean? Did you lose him again?”
! What can we do for you?”
“Cassy, you okay?”
He unlocked the Impala, tossed his bag onto the bench, and slid into the driver’s seat, knocking his head wearily against the steering wheel. “Fuck…” he whispered, tears welling up. Frustration surged through him and he slammed his fist against the steering wheel a couple of times, snarling, “Fuck,
Cas was half-leaning on the door frame, and he tried to bow properly. “It… is nice… to meet you.” He managed it, but Dean still moved to help him. It was just as well, as Cas sucked in his breath in pain and struggled to get upright again.
was kind enough to take care of me and help me out, while you fucking
Dean hated this gig.
Dean had already changed and eaten by the time Bobby had finally returned from the crime scene. Because it was within city limits, he hadn’t had to contend with Jody, but city police were generally fairly hostile to FBI on principle. Bobby didn’t care. He wasn’t really FBI.
“Visitors can hardly be forced to wear косоворо́тка
She stretched her neck out, closing her eyes, and ignoring Bobby’s sharp inhalation and low-level cussing, while Sam was confused.
Dean snarled and turned to grab a pillow off the couch to bean the bird with, only to snag his foot and fall with an undignified crash into the edge of the couch, bruising his ribs, and banging the hell out of his knees on the floor.
Dean glared sullenly at Michael as he pushed Dean into the car again.
Dean threw his head back and yawned. “Do I have time to take a nap?”
They pile in Benny’s wreck to go round up the Tom guy and give him the business.
Castiel turned around quickly, feeling flushed and hot, his pants getting uncomfortable, and stuttered, “S-Sam… I-I-I’ll meet you i-in the office.”
But resistance was futile. He knocked out like a bad prizefighter with a glass jaw.
“You will give me something!” Dean screamed, beyond pissed, his claws raking across Cas’s chest, making him gasp in pain. “I’m not doing this again! My body will settle down if I get a knot,
Dean closed his eyes, thankful that Michael couldn’t see him. “Yeah, about that… I’m really not comfort—“
Dean has an accident.
siphoning off a bit of his luck.”
Hael and Castiel exchanged looks, and Castiel smiled as he turned to face Dina. “I’m wearing the required tuxedo,” he said easily.
He pushed himself up to his feet, only swaying a bit, and looked around the room. “Cas! Where’s Cas?”
moment he got in, forced by Stuart and Jeffery to go through the front door. The large door practically boomed as Jo opened it. She smiled curtly, and Castiel shook the snow off his head and hugged her against all propriety.
There was a fleeting thought in his head that they never would be, and a part of him shivered at that, delighted.
“My name is Yelizaveta.” She jerked her chin towards the man across from them. “This is Abram. He captains the
He used the smallest wisps of it to soothe the static electricity Uriel had amped up in the the sheets, lowering it bit by bit so as not to drain himself too much. Honestly, his big brother could be so unkind sometimes.
I only got a beta check on Version 1, so this is
First things first, however, he fucks up and calls him ‘Cas’ instead of ‘Castiel’ as he makes coffee and offers to take him to a great diner down a ways.
He couldn’t look at Cas again. He couldn’t. He was too angry. Too angry at himself for being weak. Too angry at the world that would take everything he loved. Too angry at the bitch who was making humans suffer because she had had it hard eleven-hundred fucking years ago.
As Joshua watched, the barest hint of red swirled through Castiel’s eyes as he scrutinized Dean’s finger pointing at him, but he swallowed hard and nodded agreement.
A pair of warm lips nibbled at the back of his neck. “You’re thinking about going out after dark.” His wings flared out and enveloped them, and he deliberately moved them against Dean’s body, knowing he was weak to them. “We have time until then.”
“Ah, right.” Dean flustered. “Tomorrow morning, you need to take people to the spot and gather the bodies before the wildlife really gets to them. Especially that little girl.”
“You. Are. So. Dead.”
She shook her hair, the thousands of tiny hooked ends jingling merrily, and it lifted up, so she could tie it with a sash, allowing her to bend and devour the boy’s innards, taking special care with the heart and liver. Satisfied for the moment, she again smiled down at the boy’s remains. He was a good start. In her gullet, she had picked at his soul, found out what ‘cosplay’ was, and discovered a newer, better outfit with which to lure young men.
Cas released his hand, and Dean felt the sad and reluctant nod through their bond.
“We’ll take him back,” Benny said, making shooing motions at Cas.
“Probably not the best idea, is what I said.” Castiel scratched at his beak with a black claw. “You have less luck than life force. That might kill you faster.”
He squawked like a five-year old girl, and leaped out of bed, swearing. He heard the distinct sound of Cas’s purring laughter, and he turned on him, poking him in the fluffy feathered chest, and growled, “Oh, it’s on, Feathers.”
Cas shrugs and the shadows from his eyelashes fan his cheeks as he looks down. “I've seen you here three days in a row. I thought I'd like to meet you. See what kept bringing you back?”
Gabe was holding him, and, next to him, Cas’s giant bird body was also coming to. Dean heard a low, “I was too late. She took most of it.”
Bela glared and hissed, “That’s
“Castiel!” His mother hissed. “What the hell are you wearing?”
He had been sitting on the curb of a 7-11 when an alpha had sidled up to him and said, “How much?”
Benny snorted and leaned back against the door frame while Dean was cleaning up after a long night. “Prob’ly because he’s used to getting what he wants. And now he wants you.”
Joshua was getting suspicious.
“Ah.” Abram waved. “Da, we will get him back before sunset. It will be colder then.”
After meeting and finding out from Michael’s
As he rolled, Cas left dark, wet spots that Dean didn’t want to know what they were. He felt his breath stop in his chest as Cas came to a stop and a pool of dark wetness just flooded out from under him.
To Dean’s chagrin, they all bowed to Gabe.
Gabriel hummed and bit down viciously into his lollipop, shattering it. “But then he’ll know what he wants, bro. And that’s better than where he’s at right now.”
The department manages to secure him a swanky private room since he's a cop and needs a guard, what with a mob hit on his head. It’s hard to guard a fella when patients are squeezed into one large ward, beds lining every free area, and there isn't even room for visitors, much less guards.
Sighing, he cleaned his plates and made sure there was enough in case Dean got up hungry, brushing his teeth well, and crawling into bed to think some more.
Dean knelt closer to the body, brushing the bloody blonde hair out of the way. The woman’s eyes were gone, her mouth stretched open in an eternal scream. “Missing her tongue and eyes,” he murmured.
-mate. He wanted. Dear God that Sam prayed to on a regular, he
“And it’s just worse that you gave up Leadership to chase after God,” Gabriel sniped.
Cas growled at the push, nipping Dean’s inner arm sharply in reprimand. It
Sam started to feel panic along his nerves. “Then… were we wrong to stop them?”
“Oh I think we’ll see about that,” Lucifer said smoothly, angling himself next to Castiel’s elbow so he could watch the door. Gabriel frowned at him, but angled himself to Castiel’s left, motioning for Hael to move next to him.
From the kitchen came a loud, “Yes, mother!”
Swallowing hard and ignoring the internal discontented growl of his Alpha, Cas rasped, “It’s me, your brother, Castiel.”
The fact that Dean shoved away from Michael’s chest and gagged was lost as an unholy growl vibrated through the room, possibly even the house. The sound of snapping twigs and mushy things being squished together was nothing compared to the reek of outrage and pure fury. Screams erupted as people caught the smell and sight of what caused the cracking of the long wooden table, and then people panicked and ran as a howl rent the air and seized all the air in the room in its pure wrath.
The lowest rollers in HEAVEN made high six-figures, and the club was so exclusive that alphas came from Kansas City and even Topeka to indulge in the decadence. The liquor was the finest, the escorts the best, the service discreet and impeccable, and everything an alpha could want was allowed...for a price.
kept Lodges, like regular beavers did, so it was probably the same deal. But Drang-Zorn… badgers were troublesome. They were hard to control at the best of times, short tempered and prone to a violent response, and he had been more than a little surprised Abram and Benny had kept their cool about him.
*whispers* But I'm VERY excited about ch 5. It's my favorite so far. ;)
Dean groaned into Cas’s mouth, wanting more, and not wanting to wait. His body was prepared, open for
He tried to ignore the panic in his voice, that the hand that was gripping Cas’s shoulder to help him stand was tightening just that little bit more. That’s when he felt Cas’s hand move to his lower back and rub circles into it, trying to soothe him.
Abram woged back and nodded slowly. “I will hear this story, if it is the truth.”
was a pivotal moment. A turning point that he hadn’t recognized until well after the fact.
Dean groaned and Bobby snapped, “Don’t you think that might’ve been an important fact to make us aware of before now?”
Cas smiled against his lips.
The Wolf growled. It reverberated through the air and Dean went still, only a few small mewls escaping him.
And Dean did his own research, leaving bruises in the hollows of Cas’s hips, or short-lived scratches along his back. He kissed and licked the mole on Cas’s chest and tried to memorize the plush feel of those damp lips, the taste of his Alpha on his tongue, the scent of his arousal–
“I’m too old for this shit,” he groaned into his Irish coffee.
Fury ripped through Dean and he swatted Castiel's hands away. "Fuck you, Cas! What am I supposed to do?! Huh? I can't survive another round of Rejection! That shit almost killed me the first time!"
Humans, after all, had finite luck that kept them alive every single day and that they didn’t think about. The tiny bits of luck that they didn’t choke on a large bite of food, or that got them to work without incident. The luck that guided them down streets without falling headlong into traffic or cracking their heads on rocks that killed them. The luck that let them breathe without incident every single night of their lives, when death hovered most closely, waiting for that clot to strike them dead, or the heart to lose its spark. Finite amounts of luck that was doled out until they died, that either helped them avoid falling drunk into a river or that suddenly sputtered out and let them sink into that cold, wet death like a dream.
He also
Dean suddenly gripped Cas’s wrists and, with all seriousness, gruffly said,  “Cas, I love pie, but I tell you what, I wouldn't give you up for all he pie in the world. Same goes for girls. Sure I like them, but they’re not you.” He pulled him close and kissed him with all the love and desire had had within, leaving Cas gasping. “Now, are you going to finish what you started, or are you just going to tease me,” he grumbled against his lips, slotting their legs together and rutting against him.
“Yeah, more of that’s the ticket,” Bobby snorted.
The voluminous pants that had to be tied at the waist and ankles were a pale blue color, and all Dean could think about was that he better not fall in the mud. He’d never get the stains out of the silk.
“Looks like illness,” he murmurs, covering his mouth and nose with his handkerchief. Dean flicks away another spread-out newspaper and sees the woman is dressed in layers of thin clothing, worn over each other for warmth, and there’s a tiny gold crucifix hanging from a thin chain around the frozen, strained muscles of her throat.
“This is rather depressing.” He heaved a sigh. “Any way, how far away are we from people?”
The bird leaned forward, its wings flaring slightly behind him. “You idiot. You’ve unleashed the Baku. You’re cursed.”
Bobby glared at the doorway. “If that’s a sample of it, I’m glad I missed it.”
Dean spread his hands in front of himself expansively. “I am along for the ride. I like to see new places.”
Lisa Braeden had been a hardworking waitress and now she was another body in the morgue. The culprit was still at large, but the fact two little kids were about to be shipped off by bus to live with their aunt in Hoboken until their father could come home was unpleasant enough to have planted his ass in this chair anyway.
Sam nodded, his huge hand ducking down to pet Gabe, who curled into the caress with a tiny yip. “I know there’s an elevator that can take us to the top, but I think it requires an old fashioned key to get to the penthouse. It’s not one of those card accesses or we could get Ash to rig it for us.”
His fuzzy brain still wasn’t connecting well when his elbow was later (he didn’t know how much later; he’d been deep in anxious thought) gripped by Michael and he was led into the dining room. Cas wasn’t in the room yet and Gabriel was still missing, but it was just as well as Michael pressed covetous lips to Dean’s forehead and sat him at the table, while moving to his own assigned seat near the head of the table.
was why the second-levels didn’t work upstairs; they lacked subservience for it. Unlike HEAVEN,
The house seemed to be at a distance now, the snow completely blinding him as to his exact position in relation. His shoe slipped on something and he tumbled down face first into the piles of snow. Even the trail he had been following was gone now, hidden by the new snow.
Michael tilted his head and squinted at him faintly, and Dean blinked because it was a familiar motion that he couldn’t quite place. “I see. Have you seen a doctor? I could take you to see my internist. He’s a good fellow…”
The bleary blue eye glared at him darkly and, mutinously, he snuggled deeper into the bed.
Joshua was just going to have to observe this carefully.
“I’m studying to become a priest,” he said quietly.
if we don’t win. I don’t think Stanford’s going to matter if there’s
From behind him, there was a low cough, and he turned to find Dean trying to hide his amusement.
“He almost
. He was such an ass. Cas was trying to be strong, and he was being a whiny bitch about it. Dean pressed his lips together and, ignoring the part of himself that wanted to beg out loud, sent pleading looks at Akira.
Even their mother started to look nervous at the fact they hadn’t shown up for meals.
When the hair withdrew with another enraged howl of the Hari onago, Dean turned to the still stunned young man and shouted, “RUN, YOU DUMBASS! DO YOU WANT TO BE DEMON CHOW??”
Joshua sat down and eyed the young man efficiently handling the stove.
The woman paled and she stared at Cas like he was a ghost.
She hadn’t wanted to spend more energy on healing than she had to; she had plans for her accumulated energy after all. Discretion was the better part of valor sometimes, and she knew she was outmatched when the fucking tengu reappeared, even looking worse for wear. She grinned.
Dean froze, shocked and grossed out, because he never kissed his clientele. Michael just broke one of his rules and it took a moment to process it. A moment that was made worse by Michael trying to slip his tongue in to deepen it.
He blew out an exhausted sigh and, flipping the flashlight on again, carefully checked the other rooms.
Sam had given him a ‘who-the-hell-do-you-think-you’re-fooling’ look, and Dean had glared back, mentally begging him to just drop it.
And hard to breathe.
Dean recounted briefly about his brother’s interest in being an altar boy and that he was along for the ride and to keep an eye on Castiel, thanks to their near-violent first encounter. Joshua’s eyebrows arched up in surprise yet again, and he looked over to see Castiel looking positively miserable and guilty in his seat.
Cas tilted his head like he wasn’t sure what he meant, but his cheeks were slightly pinker than before. Dean flipped Sam the bird (HA HA HA!
Gabriel’s), and Dean gets butterflies in his stomach from Cas smiling shyly up at him from under his lashes as they stop at his stoop.
“Seems like we have some of those missing people here.” He scowled at the heap, and, eyeballing a male corpse that was relatively fresh, stared at the stump where its head used to be. “Cas, I’m thinking it had to be Wesen to do this.”
Sam stepped in front of Dean and the strange Alpha and said, “Well, Cas was that foreigner who was seen with Meg, so we ended up spending time with him.”
Balthazar stood and grabbed the scent-neutralizing aerosol again, spraying it in Dean’s direction. With his nose covered, he added, “Also, it might benefit you to find an alpha to hang out with, get some of their pheromones into your system. See if that helps level you out a bit faster.”
Perhaps ‘pleased’ was too weak a word. What he felt was ‘pride’ in his angel’s decision to seal away as much of his grace as possible.
The oldest was a young woman, who really looked fifteen at most. Dean had to admire her because, frankly, she was gorgeous. Her nutbrown skin was glowing and her dark hair was pulled back into a ponytail, while she was in a light coat that was a rusty red with white trim. The ponytail revealed a small, round face with sharp almond-shaped eyes the color of chocolate, a button nose, and a fuller bottom lip.
Sam looked like he was holding back tears, but somehow Dean felt like
A small, foul wind kicked up in the apartment, swirling around the enclosed space and filling with the stench of rotted fruit; a chorus of tiny voices emerged from the walls, chittering manically, their unseen forms slithering under the wallpaper and even from the wooden floors. The lights flickered violently, leaving minute smoky shadows flapping like miniature bats around their light.
spear through him. He fought it off and turned to stare at Cas.
Castiel had even insisted on being put in a Catholic high school. He had studied counseling and religion, graduating with his Bachelor’s in Theology and eventually his Master’s in Religious Studies. During all those years, Castiel had studied under Bishop Giosuè Ángeo, AKA Joshua, a quiet man of faith who preferred to tend to his garden to commune with God than attend to masses and paperwork. The whole time Joshua was there for him, guiding him along. At twenty-five, Joshua had ordained Castiel a deacon, and he would remain a deacon until taking on the mantle of priest.
The next three hours passed with a moderate amount of harassment. His ass was groped a couple of times, his crotch grabbed once. He was forced to sit in Michael’s lap once, tugged down by his belt, and just… fondled all over.
The only bullet to get lodged was the one in his thigh, and the rest blasted clean through.
“Something good, Dean?”
“Assbutt?!” Dean grins and avoids snickering just because his side doesn’t appreciate it, stabbing him with lightning bolts of pain.
alpha—near the Omega was making him crazy to the point his Alpha uncontrollably surged forward time after time.
“That bad,” Abram whispered brokenheartedly.
?! Fuck that!
Two hands grip his face, shaking him lightly. “Dean!
He pulled the garage door up, scenting the cold garage air happily, the smell of grease, dust, and old upholstery ticking his nose. Because there wasn’t a lot of room in the garage, even with the small car, Dean had to push the Lark out a bit so he could work on replacing the carburetor with one Bobby had sent him. Thank god for Bobby and his salvage yard, or the cost of fixing the Lark would have been astronomical.
The guy chuckled and took out a fan, hiding half of his face behind it. The fan was dark and had shiny metallic triangles on it. It didn't matter that it covered the guy’s face. Dean could still tell he was grinning from those golden eyes gleaming at him impishly.
The same creature the rock salt had barely touched, stared down at his midsection with surprise. The expression was still on his face when Dean cut off its head. There was another juicy bounce, and another anticlimactic thud as the body fell like its strings were cut.
(鬼 "demon/ghost/ogre/troll"): [CREATURE] The kanji for oni can mean a lot of things, so it gets translated into several things. In this story, they're ogres.
She pulled one forward, someone like herself, once pure and now twisted at the core. The last word fell from her lips while the Lynn woman, at last, tried to run, only to find the door locked. While the new yōkai worked to enter the human plane, the woman scrambled to defend herself, pulling a knife from the kitchen. The blonde creature closed her eyes and ran at Eve, only for the point and edge of the knife to skid off her skin, no damage done.
, and, the gods help me, I summoned their spirits as he asked. They appeared to him, and the wife begged for vengeance, and then promising it to them.”
Gabriel crunched his candy and eyed his brother who had his plotting face on. “So, what’s the plan?”
TRANSLATION: “I don’t think Nikolai is going to take this very well. We’ve been putting some of the newly sick into the Sett. What will he say when we tell him that we are harboring murderers?”
“A yōkai isn’t just what you would consider a ‘demon.’ Many Japanese demons are objects that have gained power from age and ownership. The tsukumogami are those sorts of monsters. They come to life from those things.”
“You stupid,
If possible, it made things worse, and only Lucifer’s firm grip on Castiel’s bicep kept him from just attacking Michael right there.
“A craving?”
on the door, and watched human addicts gleefully dose themselves from white paper cups.
Dean chuckled, gripping his hand tightly for a moment. “That would be easier if you ate more often.”
Bobby yelled above the din of thirty people talking to each other and figuring out their assignments, “I know we had set up a perimeter last week to try and prevent yōkai from escaping the city, so we’re asking a few of you to get on it and check the barrier we set up.”
“I dunno? Showering like a normal human?” He hissed in a breath as Cas sank onto him, the sense of
had the biological right to take everything away from Michael, and he knew it. Even with The Call burning in Castiel’s veins, there was also the fire of a pureblood Alpha lingering there, waiting to take over. Waiting to
“Sure, why not?” It shoots from his mouth without permission, but it’s worth it as Dean watches shock and then recklessness shift over Cas's face, a mischievous expression in his eyes.
, Cas,” he grumbled irritably. “It doesn’t mean I can’t
Dean just sat there and waited. Nikolai turned on the brothers and let off another stream of what sounded like rather impolite Russian, which made Benny go beet red in suppressed anger, even with Abram’s hand on his arm, holding him back.
Dean opened his mouth to say he seriously doubted that, when, from behind him, Cas said something in a weird language.
Because Dean has no luck, or because Crowley is a wily bastard who probably has a stoolie in the department, they're made day one and Dean takes the brunt of the resulting drive by. They’re in an old unmarked car that Bobby keeps for jobs like this. They don’t hear the car until it’s too late. The sound of a Tommy gun spitting lead and the heat slamming into the car is deafening, the bullets hitting hard and fast. Must be a chopper squad, he thinks dimly, pain ripping through him like a lightning strike. He sees a yellow convertible fly by as he sinks into the seat.
Dean put out his free hand to stop the comment. “I know I
“Oh! Oh, certainly! Let’s make you some cocoa!”
“I actually called to see if you were available Monday?” When Dean didn’t respond, he added, “Uh, to see the doctor I recommended?”
With Dean’s savings and the money that John left, they had been able to pay for two months’ rent. But Sam’s growth spurt was eating through Dean’s savings pretty quickly, and, even if they scrimped and saved, cut every corner they could, they still looked to end up short a couple hundred by the end of the second month, with no hope of making it through the third.
Only, of course, if Dean and Sam failed.
He wanted to break down laughing at the humiliation and the crushing of his prized control, and it was starting to show, as he found himself doubled over holding in delirious laughter wrought of frazzled nerves. “Oh my Lord, thank You for granting me patience and restraint,” he choked out in a chuckle, shaking his head with disbelief at the same time.
Overall, the rest of December was dismally dull, with Dean only working and finishing up the Lark at a distance, and Sam and Kevin keeping Castiel occupied, along with his load of holiday duties, such as organizing food drives, food and warmth packets for the homeless, gift drives for the needy families, volunteering for local soup kitchens, and visiting nearby nursing homes and hospitals to say prayers for the elderly.
Dean barely restrained his urge to slap a palm in Michael’s face and shove him out of the way. Instead, he shivered at the scent of bamboo and ocean water that snaked around him possessively.
The car came to a very smooth stop, which, even angry, Dean had to appreciate, and Michael got out and moved to the passenger’s side to open the door. Dean pressed his lips together and just glared at the offered hand. “I’m not some damsel in distress, y’know?”
Dean scrubbed a hand over his face and heavily sighed. “Are you fucking serious?”
Looking into the sheer want on Cas’s face, the slick started to flow from Dean and he knew what the problem was.
Dean shivered as he stood on the dock of Port Graham. Thanks to its location at the tip of the Kenai Peninsula, he was freezing his balls off. The t-shirts, two flannels, and the hoodie were
to. His Alpha was pleased they had marked the Omega up with their teeth and lips. His Alpha
Warning: Graphic description of victims' bodies. Remember all the missing people and their relative ages.
In the end, the new "best hunter" also betrayed him, and the White-faced Bear tore him and his people to pieces, also in revenge. It ended with everyone mentioned dead, the White-faced Bear still cursed to be a bear, back to hiding in the forests to hide, his vengeance against all his betrayers achieved.
He determinedly downs the rest of his scotch and signals Meg for another one, relaxing back as she nods from the bar that she understands.
Dean whispered, “Cas..?”
scrambled onto the table and glared at him, betrayed. Dean’s Omega whined and he tilted his head to reveal his throat without thinking, trembling even as the scent of
He wasn’t prepared for the sorrow that fluttered over Cas’s face. The depth of regret in his cerulean eyes burned him, hurt him in ways he didn’t know was possible. He released a shuddering breath, and pulled Cas closer to him, relishing the scent of cherry blossoms, leather, and sandalwood. In his ear, the warm, rumbling voice whispered, “I am prohibited from falling in love, and I have broken my vows for you. I will be punished.”
“I’d prefer that, if it were possible,” Cas grumped, pushing aside tangle vines with their tiny hooks and mild sedatives that put most creatures to sleep in the vines’ embrace. Forever if the skeletal remains that crunched beneath their feet were an indication. “This place… it’s just a…NESTING doll of death traps!”
“I've been staying here,” Sam says uncomfortably, “But your bed was too short.”
The luminescent eyes disappeared in the darkness, so either Cas was facing the wall, or he had closed them. Dean heard a soft and definitely embarrassed, “P-pardon me. I didn’t mean to stare.”
If Michael mated Dean, though, he would have to watch them together until either he died or Dean died. Watch them touching each other all the time, watch them get married. Watch them have
“Castiel! You’re home!”
This is early because I feel like shit and decided to get this over with...
Really, he considered himself a
want to do?”
since you kissed me trying to recover!
But despite all that, the ironic 42nd day was the day he got beaned in the head with a baseball and was knocked unconscious.
He could hear the amusement in Cas’s voice when he replied, “
Dean colored to the tip of his ears and leaped up out of his seat to flee the parlor. Bobby was pretty sure he turned and gave the Alpha bedroom eyes, because there was a second stench of interested Alpha.
Castiel scoffed. “I seem to recall an incident with a goat, a set of steak knives, an—“
“Uh, we can’t. We, uh… got money from the school to study.” Dean remembered this was a thing from movies, and he hoped he was pulling it off. “Look, we can’t just beat it yet. Besides, it sounds like you folks could use some help.”
reported he didn’t show as many symptoms unless he was woged. It just looked like the flu until it killed him.”
Dean nodded dumbly and Gabriel popped back into his human guise, his eyes gleaming gold and inhuman. “Okay, Dean-o, this is how it goes. Gimme your hand.”
“It’s too coincidental not to be the same one.” Lucifer frowned. “They both talk about the Omega’s scent being sweet like caramel
of inaction, Colonel Robert Singer had had enough. He told Kevin he was leaving with a snarl, smashed his beaver-skin bowler hat onto his head, and briskly stode out, cane in hand.
He had gotten home at 3am and realized that most of the hunters would have probably croaked on that one, and so he counted it a win, not seeing the speculative look that Akira gave him as he stomped upstairs to get clean.
Under the newspapers are the three bodies, rigor mortis obviously already passed, and puddles of diarrhea and piss already dried around them. The stench is incredible, and if Dean had not seen more than his share of ugly deaths, he would've been sick.
Nikolai’s frown deepened. “I don’t care if I am rude. He cannot see the body. It is not right.”
Blinking confusion, Cas asks, “Yeti? I thought it was Sam who–”
“Fundoshi. Remember? Underwear?”
He heard a rustling nearby and forced his eyes open as he sat up, noting that, one, he had lost his eyeglasses and, two, Dean was seemingly unhurt but also sitting up and looking around nervously. Beyond Dean–around them both, actually–was a twisted forest whose energy reeked of ancient magic and the leaves that looked like dead skin. He suppressed a shudder as he found himself still gripping the coin Ukko had slipped into it. He shoved it into his jeans’ pocket and shivered against in the cold.
He swanned off to the garage, ignoring Sam’s griping from behind him, and trying to ignore the scent of Cas following him.
It was then that the woman Lynn suddenly realized the danger, her eyes darting towards all the odd creatures that were
Cas blinked at him, his head tilting a bit.
She stood up when she saw them approach, dusting off the knees of her jeans, her feet in well-worn uggs, while the children behind her suddenly crowded behind her like a pile of frightened pups. They all stared at Dean and Cas’s approach, although both he and Cas had their hands out in a non-threatening manner.
Jake pocketed his own fat tip, moving to the side as the omegas on cleaning duty worked around him. Exhausted, everyone dragged themselves downstairs and home, unaware of the night’s consequences.
“I can’t wait til this is all over,” Dean muttered, blowing on his stinging palm. “I never knew the Japanese were so snarky.”
be on yōkai extermination duty!” There were groans and complaints at that, and she shouted, “People
Akira had not said much, carrying her monstrous tote bag with ease. She was dressed in pure white this time, with no makeup, and her hair was pulled severely back. She looked ready for business, and her smiles, when she found Dean looking at her, were sharp. Dean was genuinely glad that she was on their side.
Since the invention of the kiss, there may have been five rated the most passionate, the most pure. This one was not pure, but definitely passionate, since it was still an hour until show time, and sex in front of a huge mirror is fucking hotter than hell.
Castiel peeled her hand off and said, “It wasn’t like I was using my allowance for anything, anyway. It was fine.”
(小天狗 "lesser tengu") looks more like a giant raven/crow. As seen with Cas in this story, they are deeply associated with Buddhism, especially a sect called
Cas works nights, sometimes as a bartender, sometimes as a singer. Either way, Dean comes in for a few hours to keep him company. Gabe stops giving him grief after Dean keeps coming back and showing he's serious about being with Cas. Hell, he even moved to the second floor again, got a bigger bed, and living happily with the man. The single mattress was a bit
More shiftiness oozed off the raven as he backed up against the edge of the desk, glowing blue eyes averted. “I think that each time Dean sleeps,
Akira tilted her head slightly, regarding them evenly, and then shook her head. “I’m sorry. He’s already being helped as much as he can be by that fox. There’s nothing I can do.”
I'm sorry. I struggled to make this work, and I almost gave up because... things. making sense. hard to do.
Confused as fuck, Dean walked up to her collapsed form.
Dean eyed it and also tried to touch it before Cas could stop him, swearing as he pulled back a finger with what looked like a second-degree burn. “Yeah. That’s not good,” he muttered.
“Look… what was your name again?”
Dean stood up and took a stance against her, his paired sickles in front of him. “Men don’t have that right. I have never harassed or raped a woman. I have always asked consent,” he said, his voice all hard edges. “I have always protected people who can’t protect themselves, no matter what sex they are. Heroes don’t have prejudices.”
The words fell out of his mouth softly. “Yeah, it’s fine. He didn’t mean it.”
Again, the aura of embarrassment seemed to just swirl like a heated vortex around the bird. “Something of that nature,” he said, that shifty look again coming into play as his wings hunched up a tad.
Omega.
The thought helped simmer down his inner wolf, and he choked on his breath a few times, his hands clenched, his eyes squeezed shut, and his teeth bared at the sky as he braced down his urges. He recited the Lord’s Prayer under his breath, and, when that only marginally won out against the sweet omega scent in the air, he began a rosary in his head. It took him a moment, and a couple of “Glory Be”s before he mastered himself a bit more.
Cas pulled back enough to smile up at Dean, who leaned in and kissed him gently. “I suppose we ought to get a move on,” he said after a moment of blissing out on Cas’s soft lips. “You remember what I told you to get, right? Like the bare essentials.”
Dean blew out a sigh that misted and curled around him. “Great. I love this. We need to rent an ATV if we keep this up.”
In actual fact, Cas had been translating it for him, but Dean didn’t want them to think they could get one over on him.
He paused and flew off Dean’s shoulder to do his nerdy bird laugh. “For a human with more spirit than brains.”
“I don’t give a rutting tinker’s damn if he’s run the bloody shores of Normandy! That stink is going to ruin my business!” Crowley snorted as if he were trying to clear his sinuses. “Now get your foul arse out of here, and don’t come back til you’re fixed.”
He petted the raven on the head, and stood up to stretch, ignoring the small shocked pool of embarrassment that was Cas.
,” and Dean feels his face heat as he imagines Cas singing only to him.
As such, Michael had had to live with the fact he was the inferior Alpha and it burned him. His love for Castiel was twisted with anxiety and fear, and it had morphed into a bizarre obsession with knowing
Bobby glared fit to start a fire. “Son, you’re withering away, yer bird pal ain’t looking so hot, and now there’s a kijo running about along with that new batch of god damn kappas and all the fucking black dogs, fire wheels, Will-o-wisps, and god knows what!” He snarled, “If you don’t tell Sam ASAP, I’m telling him, capisce?”
Sam snapped his mouth shut at that and fidgeted. “Um, okay,” he said finally, seeming to have thought out his argument. “Well, a couple of months ago, I was thinking about things that Pastor Jim had told me about God and forgiveness, and, uh, well, I was thinking that maybe… I could earn some forgiveness if I was an altar boy.”
“Um, no. Please, go right ahead.” It really was for the best. He had never had to cook for himself before he had moved in with Joshua. Before that, he had lived in his parents’ mansion and someone had always cooked for him. It was one of the unconscious ways he had been privileged and he hadn’t realized it until he moved out. In the real world, wandering into the kitchen didn’t mean you automatically got fed.
Gabriel ‘ooh’d’ appreciatively and then someone was sniffing at him brashly. Castiel, out of pure childhood habit, almost lashed out.
… it affects both of us. Because I was bound to the protections on the scroll and you freed the Baku. So, while the Baku may take your life energy and your luck, my spirit and energy will be trying to keep you alive because, without you, we cannot stop her.
Then, from what seemed miles away, he heard, “CASTIEL! Stop right now!”
worked, when a much more vehement fight broke out over where the thing was even hiding, since Sioux Falls was basically surrounded by rivers. Castiel sighed to himself and flew down, settling on the desk lamp.
“What the everloving
He should have realized the danger, when Dean kept wearing his grin. Without a thought, Dean reached out and swiped Cas into his arms, holding him pressed to his chest, and ignoring his highly indignant squawks.
(nono
The silence stretches between them, and Cas finally asks, “I've seen you at the club every night, but I don't know what you do?”
, she decided, many of her fears abated,
The dude handed Dean a thin wool scarf as the woman showed Dean the giant hood. “The Celestials Inc. Christmas Party is attended by many celebrities and public figures,” the blond explained, “The Novak Pack is very influential and it pays to get into their good graces.”
SWEETIES is run by one Gabriel Bombone. Newly rich with some probable fingers in the gangster world, he had carved out a small empire in New York City made of candy stores and jazz joints.
Cas jumped onto his shoulder, and Dean yawned as he marched them downstairs. He saw Bobby was at the kitchen table, drinking a mug of coffee. After he let Cas out, he wandered over to the kitchen and found himself a mug and a hot cup of mud that Bobby passed for coffee. It was delicious.
The twins were suspiciously absent.
Leaning in, now cupping the back of Cas's head, and forcing him to touch foreheads, Dean says, harshly, “When I almost died, all I could think about was you. How much I was going to miss you.”
Dean sneered. “And what do you know about my sexuality? I’ve only ever slept with women.”
The overwhelming powerful aroma of his Alpha made his knees weak and he trembled as he straightened and looked towards the open garage door.
He wished he knew someone he could talk to, but the two people he might have tried to speak with were both part of the problem.
The yōkai were suspiciously quiet, as if they were waiting for something, and the whole city seemed to be holding its breath.
Dean blew out a frustrated sigh, rubbed his gloved hand over his cold nose and lips, and muttered, “I have no idea what that even means…”
Offended, Dean snagged Sam — who yelped — off his seat, putting him in a half-hearted headlock. “This squirt ain’t taller than me. There’s
He rubbed a hand over the back of his neck, “Yeah, I mean, we can’t depend on Dad, so we better be sure we’re okay.”
Sam rushed over and helped him up, avoiding the blue guy as he also slowly stood up, and they all four — Akira already standing defense, while Sam and Gabe helped Dean walk — backed up to the opposite edge of the rooftop ,as they figured out what was going on.
It had been three days of awkward conversations, jokes between them, and sex. A lot of sex.
Sitting back in his seat, Sam added, “I, uh, also wanted to tell you that I’m retiring from the Pinkertons to focus on my law career.” He scratched his nose and gave Bobby a level 1 sad-puppy look. “I want to mo—“
, Castiel’s.
He glowered at Michael.
Something suddenly occurred to Dean. “Dude, what about when we… y’know? You use grace then. Are we sending up signal flares every time?” He colored thinking about Heaven knowing every time they had nookie.
Cas grins that gummy smile that makes his nose crinkle and his eyes brighter, both things that cause Dean to wish he were a more poetic man.
penetrate a baku’s hide since Castiel had mentioned it only
“They’re not murderers. They are sick. Perhaps he (Dean) is wrong? And that’s another thing. How are we going to tell him (Nikolai) that he (Dean) is a Grimm? Nikolai remembers Grimms from the Old Country (Russia) and I doubt he’s going to like this.”
to be starting at Stanford and have no time to help clean out Bobby’s attic with him. The little shit even whined about it, complaining how he never got to look at Bobby’s
“I had a craving,” he muttered, knowing full well that his face was bright red to his ears.
Castiel and Gabriel watched him walk out, and Castiel asked, “Gabriel, did I miss something?”
Dean manages to close the door behind him, face still flaming, when he feels Cas wrap around him. “I love it, Dean. Thank you.”
He managed to drink the mulled wine at least, even if it swished unpleasantly in his tight and mostly empty stomach.
before...
Dean Winchester, Aquarius, lover of sunsets and frisky women (and the occasional man), bad-ass hunter of the supernatural, fell back onto his ass and yelled, “Bobby, you unholy pack rat! What the hell, man?!”
He proceeded to snarf down two more, moaning his way through them. Although Liza may have been unhappy about her soup being ignored, it was hard to get angry when her pirozhki were practically causing Dean to roll on the floor orgasming. After his third, he realized he was being rude and paid attention to his soup, stirring it like he saw Cas to it, and then he cautiously tasted it.
WORLD BUILDING: (Is this even helpful? I mean, it's kind of fun for me, but does anyone care?)
I've asked you to clear the sleeping nook of any creeping uglies, mojo clean the bedding, and magically turn on any utilities.”
Dean snuck a look at Cas out of the corner of his eye and shook his head minutely.
“Well, get me home so I can check,” he replied cheekily, grinning into their shared “AHHH!!” and enduring more backslapping and jokes about his sex life.
Dean took that moment to throw up on Michael’s shoes and pass out.
Then he realized there was something wrong with them and bent to look: they were snapped. There were a dozen or so sets of restraints and every single one of them had been snapped. He looked at the headboard, and the bedposts had been worn down until they had snapped. Whatever had done this was strong, and probably out of control. He walked over to the bedpost, just to check and make sure it was really worn down, and it was indeed snapped. He heard a slight jingle as he shifted his foot when he bent to investigate the post, and stood up to beam the light under the bed. A silver gleam made him crouch and look, and, sure enough, three pairs of barely recognizable handcuffs had been dropped and stuffed under the bed, blood all over them. Suddenly wary, Dean pressed his lips together at what he had found and quietly stood and went to check the rest of the house.
take paid pitifully. So, he took a small daily job to help cover the bills and went back to his night job.
“High-flyin’ lycan etiquette ain’t exactly taught in public school,” he grinned, deliberately using his tongue to swipe like a two-year old around his mouth, followed by a rough rubbing with his Henley’s sleeve. “And I flunked out of charm school, sorry.”
Joshua sat back in his seat, expression hooded as he observed the two. Castiel, who was generally considered unflappable, even robotic by a few detractors, was bright red and flustered, denying any intentions. Castiel, who was known to wade in first and without an issue into a sea of omegas in heat that would have driven other alphas mad, was acting volatile, and—even to Joshua’s inadequate Beta nose—the faint scent of distress, arousal, and nervousness was wafting off of him. The Omega smelled angry and on edge, but there was the faintest curl of arousal there too. If they weren’t fighting, Joshua wondered what they
Lucifer sighed. “Always so crude.” Ominous pause. “Perhaps… an omega?”
the story makes it worth it,” Lucifer hummed, settling himself back on Castiel’s other side.
He bolted out the main doors into the hallway and skittered away, blindly running through the house and ignoring people’s shock at his behavior. He vaguely heard Michael’s calling after him, but he ignored it, running deeper into the house’s bowels.
. Sam could see the tengu’s male body was already skinny, although he’d say it leaned more towards ‘wiry’, but it was more than that. It was like a
“Well, thank god for that.” Cas beamed approval at him. Dean colored a tad. “I didn't mean it like that.”
He wandered back into the living room and started pulling off the cloth, releasing only a moderate amount of dust. This revealed dark brown leather couches and seats, a set of tall lamps with cast iron designs that looked sort of like bears, and a large and heavy looking coffee table. He hummed thoughtfully and carefully folded the dust cloths to try and prevent spiders from making homes in them.
“So, you and Benny have got stake out duty. One of Gamboni’s men, Fergus McLeod, goes by Crowley? Yeah, he's suspected of putting the hit on the chinks, probably buncoed the poor bastards. The limey is good at making deals and stealing souls in his bargains.”
Gabriel always put him off his game.
was not in his roundhouse of something
Dean hoped he was right.
Nikolai puffed up and bared his fangs. “
Gabe slapped him and Dean howled. “Dean, if you go under, we don’t know if we can protect you without your having any luck.” He paused a moment and said, “But...we will be there. Go ahead. We’ve got you this time.”
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean grunted, tugging him forward with his heels, “Give it to me!”
“Actually, Dean, I think I will take the food home. Will you be okay getting back?” Concern radiated off Cas, and Dean fought the urge to lean in and kiss him. “I can walk back and fetch you..?”
He felt trapped and anxious. He imagined the food was undoubtedly delicious (it certainly looked amazing) but he couldn’t eat it. He nibbled at the different courses but his stomach rejected everything. He just felt so useless and the idea that he was essentially tormenting his mate with his presence was making everything so much worse. When his seating companions spoke to him, Dean spoke minimally and ended up smiling weakly while his throat tightened.
Bobby gave her a dirty look from under his shaggy brows. “Girl, you better not plan on leaving me out of this,” he growled.
Still, those third-level house omegas were lucky. Crowley often adopted male omegas right off the street because they were the least wanted designation.
He stabbed through the creature’s middle, and something told him that it wasn’t enough. He dragged the sword out, ignoring the red oni’s grunts of pain and how, slowly, the club was starting to move. Dean stabbed the thing through the throat this time and sliced through, cutting away half of the monster’s neck and his arm when Dean pulled the sword down.
Dean paused and turned to look at her, a genuine smile just for her sake. “Yana, we’ll be back. Yours is the only restaurant in town! How are we going to avoid that, huh?” He grinned foolishly at her with the last statement, and patted her head as if she were a child. She swatted at his hand and laughed. “That is true. I’ll see you soon enough.”
Dean didn’t believe her. She knew exactly where they had taken her, what they were going to do with her.
It was as Dean stood and tried to figure out the best way to get out of the Christmas invitation, the door opened and someone walked in. Dean didn’t look up, caught up in his thoughts, when someone poked him in the shoulder. He turned to look and see what they wanted, when a hand flashed out and slapped him hard.
“Who is slowly killing me, traumatizing dreamers, plotting to release a shitton of Japanese demons, and destroy dreaming thus destroying humanity?”
Under his breath, the man muttered, “путешественник.”
Because, for him, the House of God was warmer and more fulfilling than his own home. He had wanted that safety and comfort. He still craved it, the intimate knowledge that God was there for him and loved him.
had worn at her father’s court, they made her shape obvious and she looked near nude. Still she thought they might do well for camouflage.
Castiel was working with the account books when he heard the knock. He looked up at the clock on the rectory wall and saw it was 4 p.m. He stood and stretched a bit, since the chair was not very forgiving and his back was paying for his sitting there for three hours straight. But there was a problem in the accounts, and he was having difficulty sorting it out. He was a man with a Master’s degree but he apparently couldn’t do math for the life of him.
The thought of sex was actually rendering him nauseous, which was a problem for a guy like Dean. He figured it was more
“Shut your hole, Sammy! I've been eating hospital slop and IV drippings for almost a month! Get me some real food, damn it!” Dean almost growls this, which would have been more impressive if Cas hadn’t been helping him sit up and stuffing pillows behind his back.
It felt good. Like he was being covered in love and adoration, like he was special and wanted, even with an occasional nibble teasing his flesh.
Cas kissed him again.
Dean coughed and slowly gave an abbreviated version of the road so far, just making Cas out to be a special and rare Wesen wanted for research purposes. “Y’know,” he said, “like a pokémon?”
“That wasn’t rude,” Dean chuckled, pulling out a cutting board. “That’s how Sam and I show love.”
Obviously he did not
. I expect to come back to an intact home. I left you some mac and cheese in the fridge if you get hungry!”
A hand connected solidly with his face, the sound echoing in the confined area, and, while his instincts were on board to rip apart the annoyance standing between him and his Omega, his mind reeled because no one had seriously hit him in his entire life. Castiel blinked and stared blankly, the stinging pain in his cheek grounding him. Regaining his mind, he swallowed hard and looked—really
“Wassup?”
But…sometimes it wasn’t an instinct-driven fuck. Sometimes…it was a slow act of lovemaking, with Dean arching his back at the pure pleasure of riding Cas’s cock, and Cas’s eyes lit up with more blue than red, watching him slide up and down with groans of appreciation.
At least, Castiel thought, that was a relief. Getting help from people familiar with the creatures, even in theory, was better than having to explain it every single time. He already had to do that with Dean, and doing it several times would have been a strain on his currently limited reserves of patience. Bobby already knew a lot of the information, at least, and, if not, he had Ichiren-Bozu to consult.
He chuckled. “He’s a good fellow, when he’s not bringing about the Night Parade. But he’s really hard to pick out of a crowd since he looks human.”
For a full week, Gabriel took over night duty, refusing to hear anything different from Castiel. Although Castiel was grateful, he missed his personal time with Dean in his dreams. Admittedly, Dean did still hug him in his second form, patted his head, or scritched behind his neck, but it wasn’t the same. At all.
But then the man had
When she turned back to Dean, she was sweating slightly, nervously. “I don’t know this ‘Misha Quma’giinaq’ person.”
pissed off, and he smirked. “PETA be damned. They don’t have to deal with a shitty-tempered, talking-demon bird.”
Meg returns with his order, plunking down the tumbler and wandering away. He sucks in another lungful of smoke and, as he blows out a plume, he rolls his scotch in the glass, admiring the amber color in the club’s dim lighting.
Dean nodded, as he had figured that was the problem, and he grimaced as the motion pulled lightly at his shoulder. He turned and dragged on a t-shirt—thankful the bite was healing somewhat and it wasn’t visible with his shirt on—and some boxers, and wandered back out into the kitchen.
them on you…”
The bird started to look shifty again, and Dean suddenly got the urge to whack it into the wall again. “Night Parade,” he snapped. “What about the rest?”
Dean rubbed his hands through his hair. “Seriously? Look, Abram, this is serious. Someone else was killed —”
They grinned at each other and, after a brief consultation and a lack of sun to guide them, decided to find a river and follow it. However, the white birch trees with the black fruit on them freaked them both out quite a bit, so they avoided entering the forest and just trusted Cas’s hearing.
His thought process was interrupted by another wiggly-finger treatment along his sides, and his Alpha—already thoroughly pissed off and sulking over leaving behind his Omega—surged up inside him and caused Castiel to snap viciously at Gabriel, fangs and all.
Sam nudged Dean in the ribs, getting his attention, and saying something with his eyes that only his brother understood. A slight tinge of red colored Dean’s ears and adding a glow of color to his cheeks, as he rubbed the back of his neck awkwardly and said, “I’m sorry. I figured… y’know...”
Cas sat up, his wings still out, to watch Dean blow him. Dean's lips were swollen and red, wrapped around his cock, his green eyes bright in the firelight, yet all lust-blown pupils that stared up at Cas as he hollowed out his cheeks and swallowed Cas down. Unable to help himself, he growled and forced Dean’s arms behind his back, holding them there loosely with one hand. The movement made Dean gasp with surprise. And when Dean stopped and said, “Cas, what are you—” Cas pushed his head back down. “Keep going Dean,” his gravelly voice even lower than usual.
“Please, don’t leave me here. I—I don’t want to be alone. Not anymore.”
Dean took a taxi home and totally didn’t mind. He ended up watching
Regardless
Chapter title from
“And letting me literally stew in my own miserable juices is what you came up with?” Dean snarled and–out of vegetables–threw handfuls of moist earth at Cas, watching them hit him with damp thumps, leaving wet brown marks and nuggets of mud over his white-wrapped lap. “Fuck you, man! I have spent this
"Crowley forced me. But I got 30% plus tips out of him!"
Bobby sat back and reported his findings, which included a college kid who would never drink again, a bruised up woman who swore an Asian woman saved her, and a grossed out medical examiner, who said in twenty years of working for the SFPD she had never seen three people in three different spots turned into gobbets of flesh and clean bone. Bobby added, “I saw the bodies and they were picked clean, just white bone was left, and the rest of them was tucked into large ziplocks looking like so much stew meat.”
“I’m truly remorseful, Dean,” he said, sad and apologetic.
Sam’s jaw unhinged at the cursing, embarrassment obviously setting in, locking him in place and making his ear tips red. That’s when a gravelly voice asked, “Can I help you, boys?”
Cas coughs and Dean jerks out of his eyeballing, flushing with embarrassment even if Cas looks more amused than bothered.
“I’m going to
Neither Alpha paid much attention to the “Oh, shit! BOBBY!!” nor “Oh, my God!! CAS, STOP!!” as they were in the midst of a growling, protective snarl-off at the front door.
But things with Dean were never simple.
The men traded looks again, and Dean zeroed in on it. “What? You two, uh, just shared a look. What am I missing?”
“Well,” Cas muttered, “With both our weights, the duffle bag, the fact we aren’t going to be able to build any height for my wings, and that we’re going to be chased by gods know how many homicidal pixies who are made for speed… yes. I think. I think we can make it on a long glide.” He licked his lips nervously. “
Dean watched the crowd, hearing different languages being spoken, and laughter of some of them. They looked tired, and he didn’t blame them because night after night of ghostbusting was no fun. And it
“Deacon,” Sam mumbled, half smothered by Castiel’s shirt as he sniffed Sam’s hair. “You’re scaring me.”
This was why, although Castiel loved his home, he thought it was absurdly huge, even if it housed most of his family’s extensive pack of over a thousand members, of whom maybe .5% had the right genetics to lay claim to the Leadership.
The forest around them grew quieter as the time passed, but there were no other signs of approaching dusk or night. They walked along more, the trees beginning to thin as the water began to get more riotous, the rocks in the center of the river ragged and catching souls along their edges, ripping them in two. Cas stopped watching after the first couple, but Dean gaped at the scene for a full minute, his brain seeming to take that long to recognize what he was viewing.
might not let me go to work.”
Cas shook his head. “I’m uncertain what he has. Perhaps we should take him back to his house and tomorrow, we will find these Birloga and talk to them?”
At his movement and proximity, the head moved, glittering red eyes snapping wide open and a mouthful of needled teeth hissing at him through the dark membrane, causing Cas to swear and fall back onto his ass. “What the fuck!”
He strolled over to the cabinets and unlocked a smaller one with another cabinet lockbox inside, pulling out a small white bottle and tossing it to Dean. Dean caught it with one hand and frowned.
He looked over at the others, and counted more more torn up torsos and mismatched limbs.
to get brained by sharp objects in your attic.”
Rolling his eyes, Benny stood up off his stool and stretched. “Brother, tha’s what gets you in trouble: dat ass.”
She was going to be a man killer when she was older, he reckoned.
he knew.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, okay. There are two more of these mean little bastards out tonight. Let’s go get them and then I’ll soak in the bathtub later.”
He went through his day by rote, ignoring the concerned looks Sam threw him. It was fine. He was fine. He felt fine. Better than he had in a while. It was nice, even, to feel things remotely instead of the pain of abandonment that had once flared through his skin when he had so much as thought of Cas.
Just as he doused the room, a panicked, “Hey! Deacon Castiel! Are you in there?”
He slapped Dean across the shoulder solidly, and Dean swallowed the yelp that tried to make it past his lips.
Gabriel narrowed his gaze at Dean, who was trying hard to look as inoffensive as possible, and backed himself to the altar to snag the tray of Inarizushi. Dean hadn’t known what those were, and had been surprised that sushi could also be fried tofu pockets around a ball of sweet sushi rice. Castiel and Bobby had had to let him stuff his face until he was satisfied, he liked them so much.
Bobby just grumbled he needed a drink and walked out to the kitchen, leaving Dean with the bird.
As they reached the edge of the forest acing the branching spot, they eyed the clearing between the two rivers suspiciously. There was a huge nest formed there at the tip, made of brown leaves and yellowed bones. Dean hissed and pulled Cas back.
! Castiel had never seen freckles before. He had spent a shameful amount of time looking at them, and then more time trying to count them, hovering over Dean’s sleeping head all night. When Dean had finally fallen into his deepest sleep, he had moved himself to sit on the dresser, so as to watching the window, door, and his new human.
Dean groaned at the thought of over one hundred Drang-Zorn nearby, but then he shivered uncontrollably and realized that badgers were currently the least of his problems. Rubbing his shoulders with his hands to get some circulation, he sniped, “Ah, fuck this. You’re
“Well, he’s probably busy then. Why call him if we can handle it ourselves?”
Michael blinked at her, like he wasn’t sure who she was, and then snapped his fingers. “AH! Naomi’s kid sister! I remember! The one from London!” He smiled politely and took her hand, shaking it quickly and nodding. “Right, I remember. Well, if you excuse us, we can’t let these tickets go to waste, can we? Dean, come on!”
“Will you come to my family’s New Year’s Eve party with me? Because I’d love for you to meet them and I think you’d enjoy how festive the whole of the Novak pack lands gets. Everyone celebrates.”
Walking, she found another house and peered in. The female of the house was in interesting clothing that she had never seen before. They were tight on her body, not constricting, but compared to the sweeping, but heavy layers of brightly colored silk
“He’s going to be fine, Sam,” Missouri said out of the blue as she spooned the mix into a pan. “Dean is stronger than most people give him credit for.”
Dean frowned and shook his head. “Yeah, that’s not creepy.” He whispered into the dark. He looked over the piles and found more books on virology, viruses and something called rhabdoviruses.
He straightened himself up and sighed. Dean easily recognized the stench of street-Slick, the overly chemical base of Heat tickling the back of his throat and making him want to puke. Grabbing a rag nearby, he started to wipe the oil off his hands as the trio approached, noses in the air, obvious erections tenting their pants, pupils blown and alpha red, all while drooling and panting.
Part of the darkness broke off and moved forward, hopping casually into a moonlit square and into sight on the couch’s arm.
The doctor’s office was closer to the center of town than the restaurant. The restaurant was meant to feed the fishermen who were coming back from the sea, or the rivers, if that was what they were working that day.
Concerned, Cas padded forward, sniffing at Dean's distress. The large paws planted themselves on each side of Dean's prone body, and Dean tensed as he remembered that he was butt naked and the currently-hovering, huge Wolf was Not Happy with him. He made himself as small as he could, as
He cautiously walked up to the backdoor, which was hanging a tad open. He stepped in and heard a low chanting in a rasping voice that made shivers go up his spine. As he approached what he thought was the living room, the voice stopped, but he could see a vague shadow of a tall winged man up against the opposite wall. He again cursed his lack of weapons, and realized he had been trusting bird brain to protect him somehow. He had never done
He needs to see him again.
, into so much meat for touching what was
“Wesen!” Green eyes shot over to Cas concerned, and Cas shrugged again, the motion oddly human on him.
direction, immersing himself in some tabloid with a headline that said, “Casa Erotica: The Real Story of Love and the Pizza Man” and chewing on a bit of red licorice.
He looked around Bobby’s attic, overstuffed with all sorts of supernatural paraphernalia, and sighed, wiping at his brow and leaving a streak of dust across it. There were mounted creature heads confiscated from hunters, locked magical boxes filled with various cursed goods, and enough antique weaponry to arm a battalion.
like regular old rabies.”
From where he had landed, he heard Sam holler, “Dean!”
her. She is just a lonely and hunted creature.”
Polina paled and nodded. “Poor Rey. He suffered so much.”
“My name is Michael Novak, CEO of Celestials Inc. And you are?”
Cas hopped off his shoulder onto the table, within breathing space of the cup. He hopped around it a tad and looked up at Dean expectantly.
Michael took Dean to a shooting range where Dean impressed the Alpha—and the instructor Michael had brought to teach Dean how to handle a gun—by out shooting him and the bemused instructor. He was nearly offered a job to teach self-defense to other omegas before Michael basically carried him off.
When Dean came to, the world was still black. He figured that was more because he was planted in Bobby’s couch and it was nighttime than any head injuries.
Dean shook his head. As a second-level, he was easily as strong as these putzes. He pulled a rag out from his back pocket and tried to wipe of the oil on his hands. The damn thing was already soaked with oil from a small spill earlier, but there was a somewhat cleaner corner…
of handwritten stories about Brando and, more often than not, Cary Grant having sex in
“We don’t have time for the usual purification ceremonies, and this is something I think he’ll be okay with any way.” He used his head to push the cup towards Dean. “Drink! Drink!”
He ignored that inner voice and concentrated on Joshua’s warm voice.
Dean manages to shake his head. Sam’s exasperated expression isn't helping matters, but Dean gasps out, “Nah, I'm fine, Cas. Fine as I can be stitched back together like Frankenstein and wrestled up three flights of stairs by a yeti.”
Michael came around the table to where Dean was
Both Cas and Gabe had wrinkled their noses in revulsion, and Gabe had snorted, “Gross. Kijo for sure!”
The pixies grinned at each other and flew up out of sight.
The other noisy, religious, studious, and
He challenged them a bit more: how do you say the Rosary; what was the Passion of the Christ; recite the Apostle’s Creed?
Dean swallows hard but keeps listening, as Cas leans back a bit, a rueful smile on his face.
Dean had never truly understood how snow swallowed sound and left the world cushioned in its icy hands. He swiveled, his hips aching with the movement, which was better than the numbness that was viciously attacking his buried feet and knees.
“Well, I understand the shock,” Joshua murmured. “And I believe they are indeed.”
But of course things were never as easy as he thought they’d be.
But it didn't really matter, he thought vaguely.
At that, Cas chuckles again, his eyes lit up with amusement. “I imagine not, considering how surprised you looked when I agreed to come.”
to you, omega trash!”
“Ah.” Dean eyed the guy. The shorter stature, the slim build, the gold eyes… Dean would bet he was an omega. “Is your brother also an omega?”
is also slow and lonely, and Dean is glad of the refill.
The raven blinked. “Numbers are often arbitrary in Japanese. Sometimes it just means ‘a lot.’”
but Sam pulled the puppy-dog eyes on him, and he started to feel his resolve failing. He spluttered for a moment, but then opened his mouth again to shoot down the idea and Sam upped the ante: the trembling bottom lip.
Dean nodded, and reached, saying, “Ideyō!”
But Pastor Jim was one of those friends they got passed to, and he was one of the ones to whom Sam got particularly attached.
being a potato...and something about
Cas snorted as he slowly moved towards the black patch that stood midair between them and what looked like acres of more white birch forest. “Dean, look,” he said softly, beckoning him. “The portal has been closed but…here.”
He had even handed over Ichiren-Bozu to Bobby, since he had the least spiritual power of the group and went after the tsukumogami the most often. And there were a lot of those little bastards: sandals, umbrellas, lamps, and all sorts of things just popping to life and terrorizing people.
Cas felt the pride though their bond and he looked away from the register to give Dean a happy look under his lashes.
“Besides, you are already here, and you are likely to be attacked as well.”
Castiel turned bright red and refused to look at anyone, his eyes glued to the table.
He ignored Akira’s knowing eye and leaned deep into Cas’s space to softly ask, “Are you okay?”
“Not so high and mighty now, are we?” Dean wheezed.
“As bad as before?”
They swanned off the stage and the band started up again, rousing rendition of “Rockin’ Around the Christmas Tree” as he and Michael started moving among the crowds and greeting people one-to-one.
Please leave me feedback or constructive criticism. I appreciate all the help I can get!
Repulsed, Dean whined out, “
Abram guffawed. “See! You have bored Dean with your talk of propriety! Oh, look! There’s Polina! Oi! Polina! What are you out here walking alone for? You know it’s dangerous!”
It was December 28
“Oh, it’s you.”
Cas replied, spreading a warm hand across the small of Dean’s back and pushing him forward.
Blearily, Dean recognized the voice from somewhere, but he was still a bit distracted by the cloud of insects that had come out of his mouth and then just popped out of existence like they had all hit a bug zapper at the same time. He heard another pop behind him. Breathing hard and sweating, he turned to find Cas watching him, head tilted, disapproval oozing off of him.
“Dean,” Cas put his hand on his shoulder to get his attention. Dean looked up and Cas pointed a bit further in, near the small indention in the hillside, a few large stones piled beneath it. He beamed his flashlight at them and, strewn among them, were some more torsos, also shredded, heads and limbs missing.
Dean gasped, because that close all he could smell was Cas: Alpha and
He heard but didn’t comprehend Bobby’s, “Did you do something to him again?” And even Dean’s defensive, “I haven’t done shit! You were with me when I walked in! He just went all…
“He really is quite lovely,” murmured Hael. Castiel breathed in the wisps of her soft rose perfume as he watched Dean shake hands with Charles and laugh at whatever joke Charles had said to make Dina pinch her lips together with disapproval.
“Dean?” Sam asked nervously. “
“Why did I forget about this,” he groused, tugging on it hard, and yelping when his towel slipped in the process, the cool night air striking his now-towelless ass. He swore more vividly, ignoring the towel issue for a moment in favor of the drawer, feeling triumphant when he finally got it open and a pair of clean boxers were finally loosed. “Aha!”
For some reason, his mind went to Gen, battered and torn from battle, and he swallowed hard. He stuck his head out the window, but there was nothing out there but the first fingers of dawn crawling over the horizon.
Fortunately, Tom is a wet noodle and pours his guts like he's been slit from balls to chin, easily admitting to mugging and killing Lisa Braeden.
As he stepped into the parlor, Bobby observed Dean pushing the Alpha back and talking in low, intense tones. The Alpha saw him come in and blue eyes snapped to observe him, narrowing with consideration.
Sure enough, the pixies wrapped the gnome up and, between three of them, easily hefted it up and flew away in formation.
( 式神 "servant spirits"): [CREATURE/SPIRIT - Onmyōdō] These are attributed to Onmyōdō, and they are spirits that are generally bound to paper to serve the summoner. It was often believed that people of great spiritual power could call upon the aid of spirits to serve them. This category includes human ghosts, small gods, and animal spirits. If they're powerful enough, they can escape from the summoner. They can be used to control others.
“I’ll do it for Dean,” Michael replied flatly, “but I’m in New York until next week brokering a huge deal.” He huffed. “Guess I’ll have to leave the saving up to you, Cassie.”
But he was a
, something that had never happened before in his entire life. He willed away his fangs and claws, the burgeoning erection in his pants, and, although taking deep breaths was a mistake, as each one brought in the beguiling flavor of
He hadn’t realized he had been just sitting on top of the books, breathing hard, when Bobby and Dean walked in, arguing amiably. If he had been human, a bright flush would have colored his face, because the morning sunlight that was angling through the window and over the couch was brushing tendriled fingers over Dean's face, playing with his hair with tiny-dancing dust motes, kissing those glorious freckles, and burnishing the young man’s eyes into a near molten gold.
He took a long sip of his coffee before adding, “Apparently, the magic users — you might hear them called onmiyōji or as Castiel called them, ‘yin-yang masters’ — found very little was as effective as powdered baku liver to get you dreamwalking.”
It was going to be a long night.
The banging got louder and gained some shouting.
Still leaning over, he peered into Dean's eyes as if he were looking for something, the bright and mischievous gaze making Dean feel vulnerable. The man quirked a tiny grin, and pushed back a stray lock of Cas's hair, asking, “Do you want him to live on?”
At this distance, the scent was unmistakably Dean and ungodly delicious. He looked into those bright green eyes glowing omega gold around the pupils, pupils that were growing larger as Dean caught his Alpha scent.
Her eyes widened at the name and she took a small step back, her hands reaching out to guard the kids.
“Megan Masters is dead and that’s our proof.” Dean replied.
,” Dean interrupted, his tone snide. “How much more seriously do you want me to take it?”
Dean moved to the carrots, onions, and fresh basil, his cutting hand fast. He continued. “Gabe said I should ask Gen — uh... the dream dude — but I wanted to talk to you first.”
“Whatever. Answer the damn question. Why do I understand you and not Bobby?”
Dean had always leaned a bit towards the lavender side, enough his Dad thought him a bit of a nance, but he had tried to deny it for most of his life. He didn't like fearing for his life or reputation if word got out, so he kept his proclivities hidden.
It did
Cas chuckled and the Drang-Zorn all stared at him.
“MAYBE CUZ YOU WERE KISSING HIM!” Sam shouted, red faced.
Uneasily, Dean swallowed hard and went back into his assigned room, closing the door behind him firmly. He sighed heavily and leaned against the door, trying to find his bearing.
The night Eve had ripped the luck from Dean, she had come back triumphant and swallowed it whole. It had tasted delicately of cinnamon and silver, and she savored it as it settled in her abdomen, next to the nest of souls she had stolen, all held in by a thin membrane that was a harvested bit of Dean’s life force, reinforced by the bit she drained away each and every night.
The Baku was panting hard, the thing in her belly writhing painfully now, as small parts of the sigils started to get lighter as if they were going to fade away. Her human form flickered around the edges, shifting between tapir and woman, as if she were falling apart.
Dean trembled. He needed
He nearly bites his tongue when the Angel turns and faces him (or so he thinks, forgetting he’s directly up front and facing the stage), and the band starts up, letting the man purr out “
It was like Castiel was twelve all over again.
“What’s up, Cas? Why are you fidgeting?”
Cas managed to look at his hand where it was gripping the door frame, and was vaguely shocked he had crushed the wood to splinters.
Benny added, “We were afraid he was going to move to California or New York, and they we would never see him.”
“Too late...as in I’m dead?” Seemed a reasonable question.
Dean looks away, face heating again. “She isn't you.”
They stepped into the hall like freaking royalty, what with the sudden fanfare and spotlights.
, I have bought your whole evening! You’re mine for the night.”
For three days, the storm blew outside. It wasn’t always at full strength, sometimes settling into a soft snow or to briefly leave the world silent and frozen, only to build up into a new angry storm that stacked new powder against the greenhouse. It was impossible to see outside, at that point, everything a blinding white and a hollow gray roar.
“So, Castiel, how are you doing, son?”
“He certainly thinks he is,” he said between snorts of laughter. “Nah, but that kid is awesome. He’s smart, and good, and I don’t know what I’d do without that little shit.”
Dean shrugged. “In training. It wasn’t until recently that Wesen started to notice my eyes.” A quick look at Abram and he saw a mirrored reaction of revulsion. “Hey, I’m still the same guy! Swear! I’m not here to kill all of you. I’m just here to find out who’s killing everyone!” He frowned deeply. “I mean, I don’t want to be that kind of Grimm.”
The Baku sighed and made a decision: she concentrated and started a low chant, her eyes on the woman, Lynn. Her concern for her family was nice, warming even, but Eve knew it’d bring nothing but trouble.
“You must be Dean,” he said, grinning as he extended his hand. “I hope you don’t mind. I just wanted to see the young man who set my brothers on their ears.”
Her chin stubbornly lifted again, and she said something to the children behind her. Two boys nodded and ran off, Dean figured it was to tell others that they were here.
“My apologies, brother,” he said, Gabriel’s reaction striking home how overwhelmingly unacceptable his response had been. “I… I just wasn’t prepared to see…” Castiel swallowed hard and he worked his dry throat for the words. “I didn’t know…Michael’s prospective mate was…”
Castiel said in his gravelly bird voice that wasn’t a bird voice, “It’s cursed. The Baku will start to affect the area around it with its magic, bringing the Night Parade of One Hundred Demons to wherever it was freed.”
Sighing, Castiel ran his palm over the now-scarred bite Dean had given him. He was definitely impure. He was, in fact, half mated, and some part of him
“And that’s who?” Dean couldn’t help asking. He was missing too much in this conversation already.
This idea of "Heat" as a drug came about because of all the ABOs that push slick as a reason alphas lose their shit and rape. I thought, "What if it was on purpose? What if it was used as an addictive drug?"
He passed out hard and slept all day, managing somehow to crawl out of bed to go fetch Sam. He didn’t mind letting Sam go solo in the mornings. Mornings weren’t so bad for Sam because lots of parents walked their kids to school, but in the afternoon, a lot of kids went to programs, and Dean felt less secure about Sam walking home. After all, Sam was a cute kid, kinda scrawny, and looked like an easy target. Who wouldn’t want that adorable dork?
In the afternoon, he fetched Sam and they walked home with Sam cheerfully telling Dean about his day. He was entirely too excited about his science project in Dean’s opinion. But it didn’t matter anyway.
The brothers dropped them off, both of them grinning at the lovers like they were about to step into the house and start fucking right then and there (could happen), but when they got inside, the sound of the heavy truck already fading into the lightening skyline, Dean groaned. “We’re so screwed. I want to call Bobby
At HEAVEN, Crowley kept like twenty rotating third-level male omegas, who were
True story: I had a science teacher named "Mr. Hickey."
(滑瓢 "slippery ground"): [CREATURE] This Japanese demon looks like an old man. He slips into a person's house, generally when they're not home, and basically makes himself at home, eating their food and drinking their tea. He's rarely seen and because he looks human, he may be mistaken for the owner of the home, making it hard to capture him.
“Christ, what the hell?”
Offended, Cas reasserts, “Assbutt! I was angry!”
They didn’t speak as they parked across the way, easily breaking into the building, which was ominously quiet. They crossed the lobby nervously, and piled into the elevator. Gabe futzed with the mechanical lock that allowed the elevator to enter the off-limits 11
Dean had just been glad he hadn't been the one forced to read through them.
Dean sipped at his coffee and deadpanned, “Yeah, she sounds like a peach.”
The battle had been won. The yōkai had been dispersed or destroyed. The city and humanity were safe. But, best of all, was
“Let’s leave Nikolai here,” Benny suddenly said, motioning to Abram to pick up Nikolai’s legs. “He’ll wake up in a foul mood, no doubt. But if he’s sickening like the others…”
He wasn’t due for a rut for at least another month.
“No, first I’m going to spoil you, and
He found Dean leaning over into the guts of the car, his hips shifting from side-to-side to the song on the radio, singing along softly to the music. Mesmerized, Castiel just stared at the swaying ass, the warmth in his loins getting persistent again. He ignored it, his hands shaking as he approached the oblivious Omega.
“After that, we’re going into the woods?”
With flirtatious wink and a smile, he quipped, “Your name and phone number?”
him with their eyes, but they couldn’t smell him at all. Most of the time, even with scent blockers, some scent filtered through. But Dean had started spritzing himself down with scent neutralizers because he didn’t think he could stand another day of people gagging and kids staring at him like he was Quasimodo. That’s what happened when he forgot to take an early dose of scent blockers.
Dean huffs and finishes off the last few lines, watching Benny pin the mass murder onto the Organized Crime board. When he looks up, sure enough Adler’s motioning them to come into his office.
Joshua’s hum vibrated through the phone. “I imagine so.” He paused for a breath and added, “Sam misses you. He asks after you constantly. More so than Kevin or the other parishioners.” Chuckling faintly, Joshua murmured, “That boy has taken a real shine to you, Castiel. It’s a shame you’ve been gone so long.”
, when the very human-esque — well, more so than usual — Castiel stood in the doorway, pale and somehow
his Omega. It howled and paced under his skin, wondering why they were so far away from him, reliving that moment again and again, the feel of the supple flesh of Dean’s back and the feel of their penises sliding against each other within their pants…
Tough shit. Dean was no one’s toy.
It was
Sam had gotten up and gone off to school already, as Dean had slept a solid 12 hours. Groggy and unhappy, he dragged his smelly ass into the shower to coat himself in scent blockers, managed to eat something, and crawled back into bed.
as he could, to appease his Alpha. A mate who really didn't want him, he reminded himself, keeping himself from actually presenting, if only to keep some semblance of pride.
Then Castiel said, “She’s already been and gone. I can only sense a tsukumogami. You must capture it.”
As they weaved through the milling crowds, Michael cleared his throat and licked his lips. “I wanted to ask you just one more favor,” he murmured into Dean’s ear.
Brushing his fingers over Dean’s cheeks, hand captured by Dean’s, he murmurs, “I was so shocked when Sam opened the door, looking like hell. I demanded to know who he was and where you were, and he said he was your brother and that you were in the hospital.” A tremor in his voice has Dean kissing his palm. “He… he said that you’d been shot and it wasn’t looking good. He said… that you couldn’t receive visitors because they were worried there was still a hit out on you.”
, even as he cried out, “Cas!” before arching up and coming hard.
Castiel pulled in every final bit of strength he had, and reined in his Alpha, caging it inside himself, and letting it snarl helplessly against its enclosure. He chuckled with disbelief, wondering why he had ever envied other alphas, and he swallowed his remaining desire down hard, choking on it and leaving it lodged in his chest like a bullet from a gunshot. Possibly, he mused, the size of a cannonball. He finally turned his eyes back on the boys, and found Sam still in his protective stance, Dean behind him, teeth bared, ready to fight.
But now, she was doing it deliberately, forcibly tearing at the membrane that separated the worlds, reaching through the slit she’d made.
“Fine,” Castiel muttered, rubbing his hands over his face. “I’ll tell you. It all started with the smell of caramel apples—“
Dean eyeballed Cas’s useless ass wings and scoffed, “I think you mean Bobby and me. You go pick up the bric-a-brac. We’ll get it done.”
“What?”
It was exhausting.
The kitchen was large for the rectory, but it was occasionally used for larger projects, like making festive Christmas cookies to sell, dinners with parishioners, or the occasional charity event. The tile was a shiny eggshell white, while the walls were painted a pale amber, which, with the bright white cabinets and shiny stainless steel appliances, gave the room a cheerful feeling. The large oak table sat in the middle of the room with six roughhewn chairs, padded with light yellow pillows, and someone had put a large bouquet of wild sunflowers in a vase in the middle of it. The stove was gas and had a large hood over it to capture smoke.
“The land has been cursed,” Nika said from their table. He pointed at Dean and Cas. “You’re going to be cursed too. First the doctor just up and died one day! And then Daniil, Yevgeniy, Katia all fell sick and died.” He swept an agitated hand through his yellow hair. “Karp and Lilya are now in the last stages of the same illness, unable to sleep and plagued by demons.” Wild blue eyes stared at them. “Who will be next?”
It sounded reasonable if Michael could be viewed as a concerned older brother, and not obsessed with where Castiel was all the time. Because of that, Castiel was uncertain as to whether or not he could believe his brother.
With a wave of his hand, Dean greeted the front desk and bouncer, who both nodded at him, and he slipped between the dark green velvet-padded doors with dark silver-button embellishments as the long buzz of released locks let him in. In the room’s deliberate darkness, the window—where Garth sat and kept track of who was in-house, who was busy, and scheduled appointments—was bright.
“You stupid, stupid creature,” he grated out. “You had freedom after eleven-hundred years of imprisonment and you chose to waste it on revenge.”
,” Cas said soothingly.
(JPN - Kongōsho [金剛杵]): [ITEM] Three to nine-pronged truncheon-like weapon. In this story, it has three prongs. The three prongs represent Buddha, the Dharma (Buddhist law), and the Sangha (community of Buddhist believers). It represents firmness of spirit and spiritual power, and is used to destroy evil by beating it (like a club) or using the prongs to stab. Really, it represents spiritual strength.
: Capitalized Alpha/Beta/Omega is second-level or higher. Lower case alpha/beta/omega is third-level or in general.
“But you
After a few seconds of this, Cas seemed to recall himself, and oozing out humiliation while refusing to look at Dean, he said, “Excuse me.” He flew off further into the woods, and they could only watch him go.
the angel his friends called him. He longed to smite those alphas and show them the omega’s pain.
The bird fluttered on his shoulder as if uneasy. “The Baku, she was hunted for many years. She became known when she devoured the dreams of several villages. The humans would be driven mad and destroy themselves and each other in unthinkable ways. It was then that she was chased down by onmiyōji… and eventually trapped by a very young
Castiel nodded and then, for the first time in his life, wanted to die when Joshua smirked at him and walked away. He
She giggled at guy, and Dean growled, “Ideyō!”
“Poor Arina… she’s just a toddler and she was taken two days ago.”
Dean hadn’t actually noticed, what with spider-beads and raspberry-ing umbrellas, but his head and elbow were not bothering him. He rubbed his elbow with his palm and frowned when he realized he didn’t even feel any scabs or anything.
Bobby gave him a look, and Castiel couldn’t help but wonder what he was talking about. “I… do not know, but the Yumekui was stored next to an old household shrine of the fertility and luck god, Inari, and the kitsune that had come over with the shrine was, I believe you would say, ‘friendly.’”
He had
(See the end of the chapter for
Not if Cas didn’t want him.
Castiel shook the thought from his head, and snorted violently to get the scent out of his nose. Sam was eyeing him warily, but Castiel wasn’t paying attention.
He pointed out the top left corner. There was a fissure in the smooth blackness, like a crack in a plate of glass. It glittered with wild rainbow light trying to edge through the corruption, and Cas hissed when he tried to touch it, the iciness of it burning him. “It’s cracking. It doesn’t look like it will last too long.”
He leaned close to the branch, being careful not to step under it, just in case the bird felt like loosing a retaliatory shit on his head, and growled, “You said you
some alpha’s bitch,” Dean snarled. “I didn’t
Dean sunk deeper into the couch. “Whatever. Spit it out, you talking feather duster.”
Liza shrugged. “If you fools are going to talk about it regardless, best to add in what I know lest you veer away from the truth.”
Gabe left Dean sitting on the bed, thinking things through. He had hoped that Michael wasn’t going to try and push him to mate him, but now…
want him. Not when he was sane. Not when his wolf wasn’t riding him.
the first time we met, and now you just
“You sure we aren’t gonna end up in Kentucky or something?” Dean joked as he followed Cas around some prickly brushes that acted like they didn’t want to let go.
The bird hopped, its feathers puffing up slightly in what looked like irritation. “As in thousands of people disappearing because of the Night Parade. This place, this country is not set to deal with the demons that will walk amongst them and devour them. And there are no proper yin-yang masters who can protect them.”
It felt like the giant rosette on his ass was marking his hole like a bullseye: insert raging Alpha-cock right here!
“Put me on the bed! The
Cas nods and pipes up, “I've been sleeping there.”
Dean nods and murmurs, “I understand. My Dad expected me to be a mechanic like him, but I wanted to do something else. Save people. Hunt murderers. Things like that.” He licks his lips and adds, “He… uhh, never knew about my interest in...men, though.”
supposed to do for me?”
Dean tried to keep his expression blank as Michael backhandedly complimented him (as usual) and nodded. “Fine. Just… tell me what to wear and what we’re doing, and I’ll make do.”
“I’m fine.”
pleasant way. He nipped Dean’s inner thighs, making him squeak (in a manly way), and leaving a trail of bites from his knee to his hip before swallowing him down again.
Dean sighed as the brothers tried to wrestle Nikolai to the ground. It looked like it was going to take a while, since they were trying not to hurt Nikolai, and Nikolai had apparently decided he was going down like a cornered badger.
“Well, you look hot as usual,” he said, tugging at Cas’s elbows.
“Then what do you suggest?” Dean spoke up from his seat, the Alpha still standing next to him.
The old man smiled toothlessly and said, “They are where they should be now. As Agu'gux has deemed us be.”
The brothers, knowing what Cas was, exchanged looks. Nikolai continued to thrash, until Dean said, “Cas, knock him out.”
“You look lovely too, Hael,” he murmured as he stepped in and hugged her.
Dean left her to her choco-gasm and slunk inside, wondering why god hated him?
Gabriel grinned. “Baby bro, I guess someone forgot to give you the little brother handbook. Says it right in the manual: for older siblings’ good times.”
Annoyance whispered into Michael’s scent, his large hand snapping out to grab Dean’s arm.
Sam was sitting uncomfortably in the breakfast nook in Missouri’s place. As the owner and manager of the trailer park, Missouri was entitled to a solid home among the rest. The fact it was a settled double-wide trailer didn’t really make a difference because it was still very nice, especially because she lived alone and kept her office in one of the spare rooms. Besides, her presence as manager was why the Winchesters had been able to get such a
Sam, Dean noticed, was frowning, but Cas looked pleasantly surprised and replied, “Abe Akira. I know thine family well. I am now called ‘Castiel,’ but it would please me to be friends. Please call me ‘Cas’ as friends would.”
The female coolly replied, “I’d merely have you thrown from the establishment, Balthazar. I want my drinks promptly brought to me, something that won’t happen if you keep your grubby hands on him.”
” rumbled through Cas’s chest as he kissed Dean hard and demandingly, and Dean could feel him pressing against him, ready to penetrate, wings over them, trembling.
Suspiciously, Dean took out the balm and eyed it. It said Burt’s Bees on it, and, not surprisingly, it looked
“Tweety here’s proper name is a mouthful. He said I could shorten it to Cas.”
