he can sound the panic alarm."
And it rings.
“I’ve yet to see another vampire -- or a mime, for that matter -- so I don’t think you have to worry about it,” Benny tells him.
"Nice ring," Charlie remarks.
joke."
," Castiel says firmly. "I know you, Dean, and I know you can do anything you put your mind to."
Castiel just looks at him, eyebrow still raised.
see Jack, but put a spin on it that gets him off the hook. He'd be implicating himself in this, but hopefully in a way that puts an end to it. He'd like to think it's less likely he'd get caught in a lie doing the latter, but it's going take a much bigger lie than "It wasn't me.
The boy holds up a hand in what appears to be an unmoving wave. "My name's Jack Kline."
"Looks like," Castiel replies, eyeing the long black car in front of them. He can't help but wonder what it's doing here. It's a bit early for a funeral to be ending, but he's not sure what else an ordinary person would need a limo for.
chocolate frosting? It’s one of my favorites, but if that’s too much chocolate…”
"This is a robbery,
CastieI hesitates. He has a feeling he knows what they were about. He just can't figure out how to ask with Charlie right next to him. He doesn't want to say Dean's name. Hell, he doesn't even want to use male pronouns because she knows who he's talking to and those would be very easy dots to connect.
Dean raises a hand. "
He's not sure whether he hopes Charlie stays or leaves. As much as he appreciates the occasional joke they crack, he feels like he's walking on eggshells around them. They could probably have Jack arrested just because he's a Hunter and hope someone finds something to pin on him within 24 hours. If they actually
They head back to the car, and Charlie decides that they're sitting in the trunk to eat. CastieI sees no point in arguing — it's impossible to change her mind about anything — so that's what they do.
Castiel rolls his eyes. Well, that about sums it up: Dean's not going to spill anything and Jody knows it. He has a feeling she'll be at the door any minute now to thank him for giving it a try. He just has to keep the conversation going until then.
Dorothy just shakes her head, amused.
Castiel shrugs. "I'd take the boring life of a bank-visiting cop over that of a gang leader any day."
CastieI sits down across from him with his legs crossed. He lays the envelopes and the roll of duct tape on the floor behind him. He wants Jack to know he has his full attention.
Castiel glances in the mirror again to get a look at Dean’s reaction. This time he
He grabs his keys and heads out the door, but he pauses when he reaches his car. He has absolutely no idea what he's getting himself into. He should really prepare for the worst.
"C'mon, don't be shy," the man says. "Phones. Lemme see 'em."
Jenny narrows her eyes, but that's all she says on the subject.
"Dean," Castiel says — no,
Dean kicks the covers off and sits up, crossing his legs like a child. He folds his hands in his lap, his head bowed and his eyes closed. Here goes nothing.
Castiel elbows his arm. Ordinarily he'd be fine with threats like that, but with the cops listening in, he's a little more wary. It would be one thing if it was a threat
Castiel shrugs. "I'm sure he could drag in their dead bodies without breaking a sweat, but I have a feeling that's not what you're looking for."
"'Course," Dean says. "I've missed having a challenge."
Castiel raises an eyebrow. "You know Sam would just laugh in your face, right?"
"What?"
If they can see Claire and Owen, they should be able to see Jack and Cas, too. The fact that they can’t is disconcerting, but it’s not the first time. Hell, so far it seems the only person who
If he just ignores this, lights the note on fire and lets the wind carry the ashes, would that be the end of it? Or would Dean come pay him a visit elsewhere, either another home visit for the privacy or a more public outing like the bank robbery just to make him uncomfortable?
so excited about it. He just can't help himself. A chance to play poker with his brothers again? How could he
ever goes to banks? I mean, no one knows what he looks like. I'm sure he could get away with it if he wanted to."
"Yeah, thanks," Sam says. "Just, one more thing before I let you go?"
Cas waits just long enough before saying “Yes” for Dean to know he’s full of bullshit.
“Were you here when it happened?” Charlie asks him.
He cocks his head to the side. "Yes?"
By the end, there’s a small smile on Dean’s face, and he’s subtly bopping his head to the beat. It takes all Castiel’s self-control not to crack a joke about it. That’s a surefire way to put him back in a bad mood.
Castiel states at him. "You don't think you're gonna be walking in a few days, do you?"
“Oh, you’ll see soon enough,” Dean says. “I gotta say, this is --”
“I got old,” Sam says with a shrug.
CastieI just nods.
Charlie elbows him in the ribs, which is probably a fair response. Sassing the police chief is never a good idea, but given the situation, this is probably the worst time to do it.
"If you wanna come find me, you are more than welcome to," Castiel says. "But I kinda got a job and I'd be fired just for being here if anyone found out."
"It's great, actually," Castiel tells him, just a little bit defensive. "I get paid to hang out with my friend, and then I get to go home and watch TV or read a book or whatever."
Lucifer sighs. "But what if
even more of a reason not to let him in?" Jenny asks.
them from turning to violent crime. The only ones getting hurt are the ones that try to hurt people first."
CastieI takes a deep breath. This might be the hardest thing he's had to do in years. It’s almost harder than it was the first time. At least the first time, he didn’t have to say it aloud. He forces himself to meet Dean's eye. "I'm not coming back."
"God, I hope so," Castiel mutters.
"Especially Dean," Jack adds quickly.
. CastieI turns around to look at her. "Um sorry, Charlie, I didn't —"
“Actually,” Dean says, “I think it’s probably best that we skip the reunion entirely -- unless you’re back to stay?”
"'Tis just a flesh wound," Dean says in an obnoxious British accent, and Castiel gives him a gentle shove.
"Any time, my dude," Charlie says. "Any time." She holds up the "live long and prosper" sign before turning on her heel and walking out.
"Dean, we can't —"
"Wait, you can’t go,” Lucifer says quickly. “They're gonna kill you."
“Hm…” Ben scans the array of food in front of him. “I think…: He points to one, though Castiel can’t make out which one it is. “The chocolate-covered strawberry ones are really good -- and I’m not just saying that because I was the one that made them.”
"Expelled."
"I mean…" Jack sighs. "I just really,
"Then why did you decide to come here?" Charlie asks, and she doesn't sound accusative at all; she just sounds
"I think you should go," Castiel tells him.
"You've already got your hands on it," another teen, Kevin, says. "He's supposed to be putting you in handcuffs, not beating you at poker."
“No, no, I do,” Dean assures him. Of course he wants to see everyone. “It just -- without Cas, it feels like such a bittersweet victory.”
Castiel shrugs. "Yeah, sure, I can drop you off." Or, in a perfect world, Charlie can drop him off and Castiel won't have to drive. He hopes that's where her conversation with Jody is heading right now.
"Don't worry, Red," Dorothy says, amused. "I didn't strangle you in Oz; I'm not gonna strangle you here."
again, but they were afraid it would get too loud and Jack would wake up. Scrabble seemed like a decent alternative. It's certainly a quieter one, though their debates over whether some things count as a word have gotten a little louder than necessary.
But he
Jack runs his towel under the faucet again, and the water turns a very faint shade of red as it slides down the drain. "What's California like, anyway?"
"Ignore it," Dean says. "Whoever it is, they can come back later."
And then there's nothing.
"We're all tired, kid," Charlie says. "You gotta stay up, though. We're gonna suffer through this together."
"And if I don't, I'll end up dead," Jack says. "Maybe not today. Maybe not from this. But the Vamps aren't done with me. They'll get their revenge sooner or later if I stick around."
Castiel rolls his eyes, but he can't hide the small smile on his lips. He's so
Jody puts her hands up in a mock surrender. "Fine, but if you remember it, tell me. 'Til then, the fact that he's a Hunter is a good lead. I'll put Ryan and Esposito on instead. I have a feeling he'll get off for the murder if he claims self-defense, but we’ll get him on a weapons charge and the robbery at the very least.”
“Do you not want them to go down?” Charlie asks. “I mean, it’s a gang. They’re criminals. They ruined your childhood. Shouldn’t you be rooting for this?”
"Hey, Charlie," Castiel says. He opens the front door, ready to drop his shit on the kitchen table and flop down on his bed to talk to her. "Listen, I just —"
"Did they end up in Hunter territory?" he asks. "I didn't think there were any high-priority cases with you guys." He'd thought Ryan and Esposito had moved on to new cases. It's been months since the Target thing; that should have been on the back burner. They wouldn’t have much of a reason to be anywhere near the Hunters.
The only three left in the game are Lucifer, Claire, and Jack, and in the end, Jack wins with four sixes, so at least
Dean smiles. “I was never the one thing you couldn’t have.”
"I'm not going to sleep with you," Castiel deadpans.
"Oh, hey, is that Cas?"
“It’s fine,” Dean assures him, stepping back and patting his shoulder once more. “I had a good run. I was ready to go.”
“For what it’s worth,” Charlie tells her friend, “I also think you’re being an idiot, which makes a grand total of two out of two relevant people that think so.”
"You don't have to work if you're sick, you know," Charlie says. "Hell, even if you
Dean shakes his head. "Sorry, babe. I don't talk to cops."
“Dean, you don’t understand.” Cas raises his gaze to meet the man’s. “The last time we spoke, that was supposed to be the end. I was never supposed to see you again.”
"That's good," Dean says. "I'm glad you have
“He’s
. Dean saw him. He knows he did. So where did he go? He cups his hands around his mouth and calls out, “Cas!” louder this time.
, but he hits his head on the bottom of the pool table. He slides out a foot or so, then tries to sit up for the third time, this time more successfully. He looks around, confused. “Hey, what’s going -- oh, hey, guys!”
“You’re right,” Cas says quietly. “I
Dean Winchester.”
He's so distracted by that, he doesn't even notice Charlie approaching until they're standing just a few feet in front of him. They glance back at Dean before asking, "What was that about?"
Jody purses her lips. "How long?"
Castiel's head snaps up at the sound of that voice. There's no way. Is that…?
Dean frowns. "Okay, point taken. I stand by it, but point taken."
Dean just rolls his eyes again and looks out the window. “This is our stop.”
"If it's not Ryan Reynolds, I'm really not interested," Castiel says.
off to a good start. He takes the chips with a smile.
"Dean, you literally robbed a bank
Dean doesn’t wait for him to finish, instead darting away from the house and down to the street. He’s careful not the make the same mistake he made twice before; he watches Cas the whole way. The closer he gets, the more certain he is that it
Castiel shrugs sheepishly. He's not wrong.
"Then let me show you," Castiel says. He cups Dean's cheek in his hand. "I can help you get out. I've already had to figure it out; I can show you how." With a small smile, he adds, "You know, my apartment is big enough for two."
"No promises," Sam says.
Lucifer pats him on the back with mock sympathy. "That was totally flirting."
"It sure was," Castiel says. He slides his cards across the table to him. "That was a lot of fun. I'm glad I stuck around."
Dean sighs. So Sam
“I’d listen to him if I were you,” Dean remarks. “When talking doesn’t work, his methods of persuasion are… well, let’s just say they get more violent as things progress.”
"Dean, are you okay?" Ellen asks slowly.
Dean had prayed to Cas in hopes that he'd get to see the angel; he hadn't anticipated it would have the exact opposite effect. Dean doesn't catch sight of him at all over the next week, even from a distance. He's just
"Oh, yeah, that would do it," Charlie says.
“That sure sounds like a thing, sure,” Charlie says.
his brothers. He didn’t think he’d ever see either of them again, never mind both of them.
"That was the longest couple hours of my life,” Sam tells him.
"Was it Dean Winchester?"
is exactly why he’s so miserable. It was easy when it was just Dean to pretend that he didn’t care, that this was just a reminder of a fucked-up childhood that he’s fortunate to have escaped. It’s harder to do that when his family is involved. He can’t even
Dean rolls his eyes. "And Jack,
"Doesn't matter," CastieI says.
"If he wants to visit, he can," CastieI says. "Just make sure he's covered up. He still looks like he got hit by a dozen busses; he's going to draw too much attention to himself if he doesn't." At least crutches are somewhat normal at hospitals. The rest of his wounds, not so much.
"This is such a short drive!" Jack breathes, looking absolutely shocked at that. "It took me, like, 45 minutes to walk there, and we're already back!"
you?"
"Okay, and why the
"I know!" She hands Jack his cup of juice. "Drink up, kid. You can't die before you've tasted freedom."
Fortunately for him, Jack keeps talking, and he doesn't have to figure out what to do anymore.
But maybe it's for the best. Goodbyes were always the hardest part. And, with how fucking
That earns a small smile from her. She holds out a hand. "The name's Jenny."
Winchester is in a gang. Sam Winchester is not."
"Cool," she says. "Why did you — I mean, how did Dean Winchester make you — err, why…" she groans. "Words."
"Okay, cool," they say. "Not that it matters because you're gonna be fine, but cool."
"Well, I try." He's not sure why Jack's love is so validating, but it really is.
fine, but Castiel has a lot of experience pretending to be, too, and he doesn't want to push. He doesn't want to do nothing, though, either. After a brief moment of deliberation, he decides the best response is probably just, "Well, if you decide you're
"Oh, so you
CastieI smiles. "Okay."
As Sam and Dean sit down at the bar, Jo heads to the other side, pulling out a couple of beer bottles and dropping one in front of each of the Winchesters. With every passing moment, this place feels more like home. Even something as simple as Jo serving drinks reminds him of old times, though he has to admit that he does feel a little bad having Jo wait on them in Heaven. At least on Earth it was her job, but he’s pretty sure there
Well, this is it. Time to fib his way to a mass arrest, and hopefully not get shot in the process.
"Oh." Dean frowns. It makes sense that he doesn't remember it. It would have changed the entire course of history if he'd known how his sons would turn out 15 years down the road. If he'd known that hunting Azazel would send them down such a dark road whose only ending was death — and even that only worked after the first few times — he doubtlessly would have stopped hunting back in 2003.
"So this is goodbye?" Dean asks quietly. "The
still around. If he hasn't come around by now...
“But she eats an ungodly amount of sugar,” Sean says, looking over Dean’s shoulder at her and his son.
"That's not what you said an hour ago," Dean says with a wink.
Dean is sitting on the couch —
someone from leaving?" Charlie scoffs. "I knew the guy was fucked in the head, but that…" She lets out a low whistle. "Dude, I am
"They'll be undercover," Jody tells him.
— up to the TV. She pauses for dramatic effect, then points at Padmé's stomach. "It's Leia."
"Well, no, but I —"
Jody looks at Charlie. "Is there
Dean purses his lips and walks over to him. Huh. He didn't actually think that was going to work.
"Of course I would," Castiel says. "But I wouldn't say that in a police station."
Castiel hadn't even noticed the kid standing against the wall, but it's impossible to miss the way he perks up at that and gives an immediate reaction of, "Yes, please!"
Dean drops his gaze to the table, fidgeting with his hands in his lab. He could explain that Death was on their ass and he could explain the deal with the Empty, but he's not sure he could explain how they relate. He's not sure he
"Yeah, true," Charlie says. "But you're risking your life tomorrow, so I think that should get you a free pass."
"I'm sorry my desire to have a decent relationship with my partner is inconveniencing you," Castiel deadpans. He picks Dean's clothes up off the floor with his foot and grabs them with his hand, then holds them out to him. "Here you go. Have a nice rest of your life."
"You know, he's more upset about his bike than anything," CastieI says. "I'm sure he'll be up and at 'em tomorrow. He's a tough dude."
case that has
“No, Dean --” Cas sighs. “You really don’t get it.”
see it."
Castiel shakes his head. He's not naïve enough to think he could carry out any kind of relationship with Dean — with
Castiel bolts upright, his heart pounding. He reaches for the gun on his bedside table and points it at the door instinctively. Dean is leaning against the doorframe, his arms crossed over his chest and an amused smile on his face. Castiel sighs and puts his gun back down.
"You were bluffing," Gabriel says. "Accept it."
“Yeah, c’mon, the security room is right inside.”
Benny raises an eyebrow. “I may be dead, but I ain’t blind.”
Dean grins. "For you? No charge."
"Well, I'm
"Sam," he says. "Sam Winchester."
"Sam Winchester?" they repeat, an accusing eyebrow raised. "Of any relation to
“Is it about Cas?” Sam asks.
CastieI nods once. That's fair enough. Now he just has to figure out what to say. He’d been trying to figure it out for the last hour, and he’s absolutely no closer to finding an easy way to put it than he was when this all went down. It seems his only option is word vomit and hoping for the best.
Castiel groans and slams his forehead into the table. This is
“Well, to be fair,” Castiel says, “you’re not exactly the smartest people we’ve ever met.”
Cas was there and that's the important thing.
Cas gives this a moment to sink in before continuing. “I was never going to tell you. After 12 years by your side, I’d decided that just being your friend was enough -- better than losing you entirely, at least. You were the one thing I could never truly have. Not like that. But what I did have… it was enough.”
Castiel shrugs. "That's just the way it is."
," Claire says. "It's a miracle you haven't died of boredom yet."
CastieI's silence is all the answer he needs. Dean gently turns the other man's head until they're face to face, but when they're all alone so close together like this, he can't bring himself to meet his eye. His gaze drops to Dean's lips instead. He's not sure this is much of an improvement.
"'Course," Castiel says.
"Dean, they're
"Of course not," Jody says, making it very clear in her tone of voice that she knows he's a lying sack of shit. She doesn't seem at all phased by it, though, which bodes well for him.
Castiel lets out a low whistle. “Not a chance. I don’t want to talk to my boss and Dean won’t want to talk to me. You’re on your own with this one.” He’s actually not sure if Dean is still mad at him -- he hasn’t exactly had the chance to pop in and visit him this morning -- but it’s probably better safe than sorry. He’ll talk to Dean later when they can be alone instead of ruining his reunion with his brother.
“No, thanks,” Jack says. “Castiel wants to talk to you.”
a year.
"She'll survive," Castiel deadpans.
"Alright, well, I'm a phone call away if you need me," they say. "Bye, Cas. See you tomorrow."
“Huh. Good for him,” the old man says, and it seems pretty genuine.
Dean doesn't seem at all phased, though. "I know exactly what he was talking about, and he was wrong. The kid didn't kill them."
"But —"
“My dad says he wishes he could be here,” Jack says. “He wanted me to tell you that if you decided you wanted to come back, you could, no questions asked. He really misses you.” With a sad smile, he adds, “We
Despite Castiel's insistence, Charlie pays for the entire purchase. "It's a gift," she kept saying, "and you don't pay for gifts." CastieI leaves ten dollars in the tip jar anyway. It's the least he could do.
"Fuck," Dean mutters under his breath.
"You gonna be alright today?" Charlie asks.
he felt, but he does know that they have a lot to talk about.
the crew once upon a time," Dean says, "but that was a long time ago. There's not a goddamn Vamp in the city that doesn't know he's a cop. If they see him, they'll shoot him on sight."
So, with no other choice, he lets Jody lead him to the interrogation room. He finds himself hesitating with his hand on the doorknob, though he knows he doesn't have a choice. He just wishes he knew what to expect. Even that glimpse of his cheerful face a few hours ago doesn't help; after hours of sitting in interrogation, that may have faded.
hoping they'd make it out of here before this went down so they could call in backup.
Dean heads for the room with the lockboxes. That must be where he sent Ketch. It will be interesting to hear what goes missing. Castiel can't imagine what they'd be looking for back there. He doesn't picture any of the Hunters storing their own shit in a bank, and this would be a little overkill for a simple withdrawal.
"So I've heard," Jody says, an eyebrow raised. "How do you plan to do that?"
look for killers. You'd
." She looks pointedly at Sam, who just rolls his eyes.
Sam shakes his head, a small smile on his face. "Alright, sure. I'm sure it'll be easier to get a plane ride home tomorrow, anyway."
. I have friends, I have a job —"
hopes it looks more confident than he feels. "So, what'd they finally get you on?" He glances at the one-way mirror out of the corner of his eye. He's sure Dean knows; he just wants to remind him in case he's thinking of saying something stupid.
"Eh." Dean shrugs. "I've got a few teenage girls at home. You pick things up."
say he and the other officers have locked some of the Hunters up before; he’d be surprised if it doesn’t happen again.
going to that part of town. Tip 'em well."
Where is he supposed to start? He's already seen Bobby; he's obviously already seen Sam. Who should he visit next? Should he go back to the Roadhouse? Maybe he'll find Ellen, Jo, and Ash waiting for him. It's been so long since he's seen them and there's so much he has to tell them.
Instantly, the room goes silent. Castiel ducks his head, trying to obscure his face. A subtle glance around shows two men at both doors, each one armed. Well, they're fucked.
He's not sure he wants to know how Charlie would react to that. It's probably easier to just let her think Dean was incredibly unreasonable.
“You’re wearing a leather jacket to work?” Jack asks, and Castiel can hear the judgement in his voice.
"Was that Randy Disher?" Charlie asks.
"No."
Dean hesitates outside the front door, his outstretched hand just inches from the doorbell. Once he presses it, there's no backing out. Whatever's going to happen is going to happen, and he'll have to deal with it in real-time.
"Or you could not?" CastieI says awkwardly. He doesn't want to worry the kid, but the idea of him falling asleep kind of scares the shit out of him. The fact that Jack is conscious right now is the only thing giving him hope. If he falls asleep, Castiel won't have any type of warning sign if things get bad — err, if they get
"What the
"The one that finally got what was coming to him?" Jenny asks. "Isn't that just
he is, he would have been surprised if it hadn't ended in tears. He's not sure he would have made it through a full day of work without breaking down.
use a good night’s sleep…
Dean looks over at the car that’s pulled over to the side of the road, ready to give the driver a peace of his mind. That plan changes when he sees a little redhead peak her face out of the driver’s side window.
Castiel shakes his head. "I've gotta get home." He pulls out his phone to check the time, then amends, "I should've gone home hours ago, actually." At this rate, it might be easier to pull an all-nighter than to suffer through tomorrow on just a few hours of sleep.
"Right, sorry," he mumbles.
"I know," Castiel says. "But it's the only get-out-of-jail-free card Dean's got, and hopefully it'll get the Vamps
"I don't think he wants to see you right now," Castiel says, which probably sounds kind of rude but it's true. Jack doesn't even want Dean to know where he is. It's probably safe to assume he doesn't want to talk to him, either.
Castiel glances down at Charlie, who gulps. However freaked she is, he has a feeling he's got it worse.
, I forgot how much fun we used to have together."
"It" being a child.
Castiel sighs and sits down at the table. He's really not sure he wants to open this, but what choice does he have? The envelope is unsealed, so he pulls the paper out with ease. It's notebook paper, the fringes still attached. He resists the urge to pull them off. The content of the letter is probably more important than the aesthetic.
Charlie snickers. "Cas, were you being gay on main again?"
is an idea. “I could take you to California! You could meet Dean's brother! I think you'd get along really well."
"Pretty much," Sam says.
That fact has haunted him since it all went down. The only one who bears more responsibility for Cas's death than Billie and the Empty is Dean. They were just doing their jobs, following through with promises they'd made in the past. Dean did something much worse. He convinced Cas that he was worth his sacrifice. He convinced Cas that he was worth his
"For Jack's sake, though, I would," Lucifer says.
," she repeats, more forcefully this time.
"You know," Charlie remarks, "He's a pain in the ass, but I'm glad he's here for Patience. I don't know why they're getting along so well, but…"
"I don't know if Dean will see it that way," Castiel says.
of questions, but she's not letting it show.
"I'm not leaving my people," Dean says. "This isn't just a
Castiel mouths.
Castiel runs to the kitchen to grab a spare chair. There's no point in wasting time by walking, right? He carries it to the bathroom, where he knocks on the door again. "Chair."
he's with Dean, who (probably?) wouldn't let either of them get hurt.
One would think that after 36 years of spending just about every waking moment with his brother, Dean would see Heaven as a chance to have some time to himself.
, in a weird kind of way. It was far from perfect, but he got to live it with his family.
"Doesn't matter," Dean replies. "I have my crew and they know that. Doesn't matter how well your cop thinks he passes for a Hunter; if he's not one of my guys, they won't buy it."
Castiel smiles, amused. "Hopefully it'll start looking a little less gross soon."
CastieI is a little reluctant to leave Jack home alone on Monday. Even with his crutches that help him get around on his own, he's still not
of the Hunters would react if Dean doesn't make it out. He's not sure he wants to burden Charlie with that, though. If Jack is the most of her worries, that’s probably for the best.
"Whichever one hurts more," Jack replies.
interesting experiment if I catch any of you sniffing around."
"Jack isn't them," Dean says simply. "Look, just, if you see him for whatever reason, tell him to call us."
“What’s up?” Sam asks. He seems cheerful, but, again, this is Heaven. It would only make sense that he’s enjoying it. If anything, it’s Dean’s uncertainty that must be out-of-place.
"That's what I'm here for." He holds his hands out to help Jack up. He should
Part of him feels like he should rewrite it and leave out the line about the potential of Gabriel leaving the Hunters. If Dean read his brothers' letters before letting Jack hand them over, he'll doubtlessly do the same with these. He'll just have to hope those few lines weren't enough to convince Dean not to let his brothers read these.
Sam scoffs. "Who are you and what have you done with my brother?"
Castiel glances over at the kid. He
"I thought it was a possum!" Charlie squeaks. "I was —"
"Um…" Castiel frowns. "Yes?"
"Hmm," she hums, dropping her hand. She turns her gaze to Castiel next. "And that makes you…? Another Hunter, I'm sure."
. All rainbows and sunshine and kittens."
"I don't believe that," Jack says. "I have a high pain tolerance."
"Because I'm not."
Castiel cocks an eyebrow. It must be poker night. Now he’s
was Dean doing? He fucking killed a dude!
"So you want to go alone," Jody surmises, and, needless to say, she doesn't sound happy about it.
the root of the problem, though in no way Jack's fault. "You lost one of yours; I lost two of mine. I suppose that makes us even."
bad.”
Charlie sits down and closes the door, almost spilling her own drink in the process. "Feeling better?"
be the case. Dean would never shoot him in the arm.
to come back. And the worst part is that it's almost working.
"Well," he says, "my parents died when I was a kid, so I spent most of my middle school years on the streets with my brothers. When I was 13, Dean Winchester took us under his wing.
seems like it will work until he walks by his kitchen table and finds a folded-up piece of printer paper lying on it. He knows it's not his, and if it's not his, he has a feeling he knows who it came from.
Dean scoffs. “She took better care of my brother and me than we did of her,” he says.
"Great," CastieI mutters. That opens up a whole new set of problems. If the Vamps use it and the cops trace it back to a Hunter, they'll be at the center of yet
him that?" Dean asks. "Did anyone ever tell him that?"
When he was younger, Castiel had always dreamed of being able to afford a place all to himself. Now that it's a reality, he realizes it's a lot more lonely than 12-year-old Cas had expected. Maybe he should get a pet to greet him every evening. He could get a cat. Cats are pretty low-maintenance, right? Or a guinea pig, even. Guinea pigs are cute, too.
"That's the one," Claire says. "If Dean and I head over now, you wanna meet us there?"
"So?" Dean says. "Are they after me?"
“Believe me, you’re not the only one,” Dean says. "So? What d'ya say? Up for a full Purgatory family reunion?"
“Oh, come on,” Gordon groans. “Don’t tell me that kid was your nephew.”
“It’s a good thing I didn’t ask you, then, isn’t it?”
winked at the camera. He knows people are looking for him, and he’s going to lay low for a few weeks until this blows over. No one’s gonna catch him
Charlie claps him on the back. "Good luck, Cassie."
"The old man knew Dean Winchester would come and he knew he wouldn't come alone," Gordon says. "I know this isn't exactly what any of us were expecting, but I don't think he’d take kindly to turning them away without talking to him first."
"He cried like a little bitch."
get dangerously close to falling asleep at work, but he makes it through the day without any mental breakdowns, so he supposes it could be worse. Finally, it's time to head home, where he can take a nice, long nap.
to lighten the mood. "Is that a limo?"
"What are you looking for?" Castiel asks him.
"Just a lot of legal questions," Sam says. "I didn't really bat an eye at the drug ones, but there were a few that have me a little concerned."
to the living room -- holy shit this is a lot of walking -- but he pauses before he reaches the door. Is this everything he needs? This is everything he’s gonna wear, right? Jeans, tee shirt, jacket, sneakers. That’s all he’s gotta wear. So why does it feel like he’s missing something?
Dean closes Castiel's hand around the note to stop him. "If you really wanted to throw it out, you would've done it by now."
Sam chuckles, rubbing the back of his neck awkwardly. "You heard about that, huh?"
Castiel chuckles. "I'll try."
Castiel's eyebrows shoot up. "Jack, I'm gonna have to make you an entire identity before then. That's gonna take
CastieI moves his hand away again and meets his gaze. "
"If I don't have a wire, they're gonna assume it's an off-the-radar visit," CastieI says. "They'd never suspect Dean is working with us; he can wear a wire."
Jack pulls out a folded-up piece of paper and holds it out to him. "One side's from my dad and one side's from Uncle Gabe."
"Keep it," Dean says, and CastieI looks up at him in surprise. "It doesn't fit my fingers, anyway."
"Okay, first of all, that was
"Charlie, you know I love you," CastieI says, "but you
And the beauty of Heaven, he realizes, is that he has all of eternity to explore it. He's not limited by the fear of death anymore. He's not limited by human capability. He can do whatever he wants, whenever he wants, and he can do it with whomever he wants to do it with. There's so much to do, so many people to see, and all the time in the world to do it.
CastieI tries not to think about the fact that Dean could hear that. "I'll see how I'm feeling tomorrow, but right now, I think I just want to focus on work." With a halfhearted smile, he adds, "Sucks for the dead people, but at least I get a distraction out of it, right?"
"I guess I'm just better than you," Dean says teasingly. "But for real, I actually do want to go home, so can we…?"
So, with that in mind, he sits down at the kitchen table with a notebook and a pencil. He’ll keep it short and simple and drop it off just as a heads-up. It’s the least he can do -- literally. The bar is on the floor and he is kicking it.
It has officially gotten so late that it's now early: it's nearly four in the morning and Jack is sleeping soundly on the couch. CastieI had been hesitant to let him, but he's (mostly) done bleeding and seemed to be doing okay, and it felt kind of rude to force him to stay up.
. Between the blood loss and the pain he’s doubtlessly in, he probably should have.
"I sure do," Dean says proudly.
— where the fuck is Sam? We're still one dumbass short of our usual dumbass salad."
Charlie shakes her head, amused. "See ya later, Cas. I'd give you a hug, but, you know, germs."
Castiel scowls. "Fine. You're never going to find them anyway; he'll make sure of it. The whole case is a dead end."
of explaining to do," Jody says.
Charlie shakes her head at him. "You're lucky Jody likes you."
to know.
"I'd always been told the only way a human and a vampire could spend eternity together was if the human was turned," Benny remarks. "Leave it to Castiel to break that law of nature, too."
"Right…" Charlie looks down at her game tiles, but not before he catches the disheartened look on her face.
"And if we couldn't?" Dean asks. "I know I'm mad at you, but I'm not mad enough to gamble with your life."
say something that will get CastieI in trouble. At the very least, he's sure anyone watching would think differently of him afterwards. But with Jody asking, he doesn't really feel like he can say no. She
In a more playful tone, he adds, "So you better not fucking die, okay? 'Cause if you die, I'll have to kill you."
murder suspects. He puts his cards facedown. "Fold."
in a kinky way.
She gives him a small smile. "Thank you, Dean. For everything."
"No!" Jack says immediately. "No, he'd kill them. He'd track them down and kill them all."
Jody eyes him skeptically. “If there's one thing I've learned today, it's that you are a hell of a liar. I'd like to think you were lying to the Vamps and that you haven't been lying to us, but right now, I can't help but feel like I'm being lied to."
"Okay," Charlie says, "this has been a fun little game of
Castiel chuckles. “I’ll do my best.”
"And who might you be?" Dean asks. "You seem…" He eyes them and their close proximity. "Very close."
Yeah.
Castiel shakes his head. “I’d have to tell him what happened, and you
Castiel puts his phone down and looks over at Charlie. He has a feeling they won't be leaving any time soon. She's going to want some answers first — a
“Let me
an hour ago," Castiel deadpans, though in reality, the way he played up their relationship was probably more truthful than his "I hate you" was. He may not be hopelessly in love with Dean Romeo-and-Juliet-style, but he
the same thing," Castiel says. "In fact, I think shooting the guy standing right in front of her probably scarred her more than it would have if you'd just left things as they were." He can't really say he blames Dean for wanting to help, but that doesn't change the fact that he really
“I’m gonna miss the hell out of you,” Charlie says, “but honestly, the more I think about it, the more I agree. You gotta get this kid somewhere safe.”
"I figured it out a long time ago," Castiel tells her. "It's not my fault red is such a pretty color."
"Taken your
"I am, too," Castiel says. "Seeing you all grown up has been the highlight of these last few weeks. If I thought I could keep in touch without putting the rest of my life in jeopardy, I promise, I would." He pats him on the leg. "You're a good kid. I'm really gonna miss you."
"Pretty much," Sam says. "I mean, someone has to step in, and it doesn't look like you're gonna be the one to do it."
It’s nice to see her this happy. She’d always been like a daughter to him, in a weird kind of way. Maybe a niece would be more apt. He’s never really thought of the specifics. All he knows is that he’s always wanted her to find something nice for herself, and the fact that she did makes him happier than he cares to admit.
a next time," Castiel says, "it'll end with you in handcuffs."
or something as we speak."
"No, you're not," Dean and Castiel say in unison.
“No, I don’t,” John replies. “Well, not much. I thought it was just a dream at the time; the details have faded over the years. I didn't even know it ever happened until your mother told me a year or so ago."
"Oh, yay!" Jack beams. "I like Charlie. I don't know why Dean doesn't." He pauses. "At least I think he was talking about them. He didn't say their name or anything."
"And, of course, you implicated Ketch, too," Dean continues. "And Mick, Benny, Crowley…"
"The kidnapped one," Castiel substitutes, because clearly words are not Dean’s forte. "Yeah, actually, that's probably a good idea. I don't know if anyone else…?" He'd like to think that someone would have stopped if they saw her, but he can't know that for certain. There’s also a chance no one noticed her at all. Castiel himself wouldn't have if Dean hadn't pointed her out.
Castiel snorts. Dean really proved his point with that one; he
Then Wednesday comes, and, surprise surprise, the guy's found guilty.
CastieI chuckles. "Well, I appreciate the cupcakes, but you really didn't have to apologize. You were right; I should've told her myself, and I
Charlie closes her eyes, takes a deep breath, and opens them again. "So you're telling me that you once dated
Castiel shrugs. "I like it."
But sometimes it was harder to put a label on people. Crowley, for instance — they were reluctant allies at best when they first met; by their last meeting, they'd grown close enough for Crowley to sacrifice himself for them. Then there was Benny, the vampire who really introduced him to the moral ambiguity of the things that go bump in the night. In any other situation, they would have been enemies. In Purgatory, anything goes, and their unlikely alliance became something Dean wouldn't even know how to describe.
"Do you wanna sit on the couch?" Jack asks.
Dean mutters a quick, “Hold that thought,” and runs outside. If Cas is out there, Dean wants to see him. He
"I don't care," Castiel says. "I just want to get out of here."
to meet."
"And you're gonna get to put the Vamps in jail, too," Charlie adds. "That's a good thing! I wonder how many fewer missing persons cases we're gonna see with them out of the picture. You are saving lives, Cassie."
“What?” she says defensively. “It’s not like he didn’t deserve it. Jody said the dead dude’s the one that tried to rob the store, right? Fuck that bitch.”
her because she's your friend," Jack says. "Not 'cause she's a cop, though, but I'm willing to overlook that."
Everybody trickles out, and eventually, the only two remaining are Dean and Castiel. This might be his hardest goodbye, and in all honesty, he doesn't even know where to begin. After a few moments of awkwardness, CastieI holds out a hand.
"There is
"Dean, I'm
"I had everyone else fooled every time, thank you very much," Castiel says indignantly.
"You haven't told us about Jack, though," Jo says. "Where'd he come from?"
Castiel turns his attention back to Patience. He takes a few steps towards her and kneels down so they're closer to eye level. "Is there anything I can do for you?"
"Eh, it's fine," they say. "I'll just take it as a warning about what
Castiel awkwardly looks down at the ground, his cheeks heating up.
Castiel picks up a chip and throws it at him. It almost hits him square in the face, but Dean catches it in one hand at the last second. He adds it to his pile of chips with a smile. Looks like Castiel isn't getting that one back.
a call about a case.
"Why don't you want to read it?" Dean asks. He doesn't sound upset or annoyed or even just slightly inconvenienced. He almost sounds… concerned?
"Oh." Well, she's not wrong. "I'll be fine. I have Jack to keep me company."
“Yeah, lonely,” Dean repeats.
Castiel looks at Charlie for an answer, but they’re just looking at him. It looks like this is entirely up to him now. He’s not decisive enough for this.
“But… They suck.” Charlie pauses. “I thought.”
Charlie scoops up some ice cream and points her spoon at him. "If we weren't in a respectable establishment, I would fling this at you. I just want you to know that."
"Um…" Castiel purses his lips. He's not sure he likes the sound of this, but he can't exactly say "no," so he reluctantly says, "I guess so."
step in. I mean, I won't tell you not to, but I don't agree." Dean has the right to an attorney, and Sam has the right to take that job. To a certain point, he'd kind of like the excuse to
"Ah, hell yeah," Gabriel whispers, and the first thing Castiel sees when he steps into the apartment is his brother pumping his fist.
"There's a hell of a lot more to it than Dean's possibly-chargeable criminal offenses." Every moment he spends with Dean brings him just a little closer to the Hunters, and, consequently, a little further from the police. The two aren't exactly compatible. He doesn't want to fall down that rabbit hole and lose the life he's worked so hard to build.
to be on call so he gets to relax. By the time Sunday night rolls around, he's all caught up on
, man; they're like
He's been to Heaven. Hell, apparently he was here just a couple of days ago. Why would he take the time to talk to Benny, albeit very briefly, and not visit Dean? It just doesn't make sense — unless, of course, Cas is just avoiding him, which is starting to look more and more likely.
. You know? I mean, where have you
"Well, maybe it'll be a fun interesting," Charlie says. "Maybe Taylor Swift needs help finding her cat."
"I just wanna go home, man," Dean says. "It's been bad enough since Jack disappeared. I don't want everyone to think I have, too."
But beyond them are two other people -- two people who hadn’t been there just a minute or two earlier. Those are the two that really catch his attention. Cas and Jack are standing at a distance, seemingly deep in conversation and paying no attention to Dean or anyone else here. The first few times, these random appearances were just an annoyance. After so long of radio silence on their end, it means a lot more now.
“It’s pretty damn close,” Dean says. “Kinda lonely, though.”
"No, I mean, can I go
She sighs dramatically. “You’ve been so boring all day. I don’t know what the fuck is going on, but I am determined to unboring you.”
"I think he's right," Jack says. "I was born a Hunter. My parents were both off the grid, so they didn't exactly try to get me a birth certificate or anything. As far as the government is concerned, I just don't exist."
Dean shrugs. “I was bored. Figured I hadn’t seen you in a few days. Here I am.”
Dean grabs his clothes, but he doesn't make a move to go. "Come on, Cas. Things were going so well."
“You’re not?”
makes for a good day."
"I have no idea," CastieI admits. "One of the Hunters used to be a Vamp and even
“I know,” Jody says, and he can practically
major crime — and knowing the Vamps, it will probably have a high body count.
"They're doing pretty good," Claire says. "I mean, they don't pray anymore or whatever and my dad will never wear a trench coat again, but otherwise it's a lot like it was growing up."
is looking for my brother," Sam says. "That's… great."
His dad was
“Older sister, more like,” Sean says. “No good mom lets her son have that much candy.”
Jody thinks about that for a moment. "You think he could do it?"
"That sounds like him," Mary says, and Dean lifts his gaze to see a small smile on her face. "A fighter to the very end."
Castiel narrows his eyes. They're getting dangerously close to returning to the territory they'd found themselves in yesterday when Dean first found out that Jack had been at Castiel's apartment for a few days. He didn't appreciate the implication that he had no right to give Jack a safe place then, and he doesn't appreciate it any more this time around. He's still family, whether Dean likes it or not, and Jack chose to come to him for a reason.
CastieI, who's been kneeling by Jack's side for
Castiel sighs. "Look, I know this looks… weird… but I haven't talked to Sam in years. He had a question about what was going on, I answered it, that's all you need to know." He reaches for the key to start the engine, but his friend grabs his wrist and stops him.
"Is…" Charlie frowns. "Is that a 'no'?"
"We have to go," Castiel says, keeping his voice low. If he starts a panic, they'll lose their chance to leave, and he is
“Damn.” She glances back at the boy. “I can’t even imagine the shit he’s had to deal with, growing up with the Hunters. The fact that he still seems so nice…”
her smile, “they’re just so cute. Who would have thought Claire would make such a good mom?”
"He got his soul back," Dean tells her, which he's sure comes as a bigger relief to her than she lets on. "He's playing God over Heaven and Earth now — and, from what I've heard, he's doing it pretty well." He made
“Nothing!” Dean repeats, more forcefully this time.
a vampire."
too much energy for someone who just woke up and runs over to them, wrapping her arms around Dean without a moment of hesitation. Dean hugs her back, reveling in the moment. He'd almost forgotten how much he loved her and her hugs. The moment ends far too soon, and she moves on to hug Sam, too.
“No shit,” Dean deadpans.
“Okay, okay,” Castiel says quickly. “Um…” He thinks about it for a few moments. How about… “Is that coffee cake?”
Ryan Reynolds. You wouldn't deserve that win, but it would be hilarious."
He clears his throat. "I'm gonna be honest, man. I'm worried about you. I'm worried about
Castiel scoffs. "What the hell is that supposed to mean?" Clearly, this sweet bonding moment has reached an end.
Castiel scoffs. "You get upset when I don't get you shit and you get upset when I do. Will you please just make up your mind?"
"Thanks!" He pauses. "I think." He takes a few sips of his juice and lets out a content sigh. "I think I'm gonna take a nap."
"Meh," he says. "Dean hasn't really let me leave my room in a couple weeks — but I've gotten
"Wouldn't dream of it," Sam says.
"Watch me."
CastieI squeezes his eyes shut. He spent
“Just, tell me one thing,” Charlie says. “At the
"Then you would have loved to come to work with me today," Castiel replies.
Dean absolutely
Charlie glances at the rearview mirror. “Why?” She’s clearly on her guard, and probably for good reason. Even Castiel can’t figure out where he’s going with this, and he’d like to think he knows Dean pretty well.
You can probably guess based on this fun little ice cream date that Charlie doesn't end up dropping him off until late. They were having way too much fun to go home sooner, so the sun is almost setting by the time Charlie drops him off. CastieI waves her off before heading to his apartment.
"Ah, that would do it."
“That you love me?” Dean finishes for him. “Cas…” He takes a step towards the angel, resting a hand on his shoulder. “I’m glad you told me. I’m not… I don’t know, I’m not mad? I’m not uncomfortable? Whatever you’re afraid that I would be, I’m not.”
“As far as the Vamps are concerned, I’m going in as a Hunter, not a cop,” Castiel tells him. He’s not sure that will make a difference, but he has to hope. “If they think I’m there about Jack, they’re not going to think I’m after some state-sponsored revenge.”
"Oh, hey," Gabriel says, "at the risk of implying that seeing you again isn't enough — which it
really miss you.”
"I'd rather you didn't, actually," CastieI says. It's probably easier than telling him that Dean is in jail. That's part of a much bigger mess that he'd rather unravel for him in person. "Are you free right now? I just really think this is something we should get out of the way sooner rather than later."
"Huh." Jack inspects his forearm for a moment. "Do you think that's why I feel lightheaded? 'Cause I'm, like, dehydrated or something?"
"Oh, yes, I'm sure that's Taylor Swift," Castiel jokes. "And her boyfriend, whatever the fuck his name is —"
Castiel grits his teeth. "Six years."
"I just — I'm trying to imagine Dean trying to take care of a baby and it's
of prison instead of throwing us in."
what he's saying, "but —"
CastieI grabs another piece of printer paper and sits back down to write back to him. He should probably be a little more obvious about his intentions this time.
“That’s fine,” Castiel assures him. “Target has the best security of any store I have ever seen.” He’s acutely aware of this not because he has much experience with Target but because Dean always told the Hunters never to shoplift from there. They have cameras everywhere and there’s always at least one member of the security team on the clock. “I’m sure we can catch him on a camera.”
"Yes."
too beautiful for a gang member. The guy is a great comedian when he’s high, but he’s a hell of a lot smarter when he’s sober, and Castiel can tell from just the very beginning of this that he was drug-free when he wrote it.
Their meeting starts, unsurprisingly, with some well-deserved hugs. It’s been a long time since he’s been given a hug that wasn’t overshadowed by an impending apocalypse. It’s been a long time since he’s been able to do
a month, probably more."
"I'm glad my confusion can amuse you," they deadpan.
"Well, yeah," Jack says, "you're still a cop or whatever, but you're
Castiel knows for a fact that he's
also included in the "people he's no longer in contact with" group, he can't say he doesn't want to know what they're up to. "They each wrote me a letter. I wrote them a letter back. Haven't heard from them since and I don't expect to hear from them again." It's the gloomy truth (excluding poker, of course), and it's almost painful to admit.
course.
"It doesn't matter," Jack says. "It's not happening."
"You know," Castiel says, "that would make
Well, would you look at that? He was right: Dean
After a few tense moments, Jack breaks in with a tentative, “But did you like seeing Benny again? We were trying our hand at bringing ‘monsters’ to Heaven and Cas said he thought you’d like to see Benny again, so I took him out of Purgatory and brought him here.”
"No, I don't think I will," Castiel says, though he knows Dean is right. With a small, almost nervous smile, he asks, "So, does this mean you're not mad at me anymore?"
"Oh, these?" Claire glances down at her bag of candy. "I'm taking these to Jody's. Owen
come here 'at the drop of a hat,' but he's kind of the new God so he's got a lot to do."
"Then I'll get you out a different way," CastieI says firmly. "I've got connections; with a little bit of time, I could help you build a new life somewhere far away from here.” He grins. Now
"Dean," Castiel whispers. It's supposed to be a warning; even to his own ears, it almost sounds like an invitation.
numb. I can barely feel it!"
anything." CastieI pauses to grab some ice cream before she eats it all. "I already said it would make sense if a kid said it, but since you said it as a whole ass adult, it makes no sense."
or I swear to god...”
Castiel cracks a smile and shakes Sam's hand. "Thanks for coming, Sam. Keep in touch, okay? Don't go disappearing on us after this."
hopes he still has apple juice in the fridge (spoiler alert: he does).
sure,” Nathan says. “I asked him to stay ‘til the cops showed up, told him that he probably wouldn’t get in trouble and that I’d even pay for his stuff for him as a thank you. It was the least I could do, you know? And I
The ringing stops, and he's met with absolute silence. There's no answer. There's no voicemail message. There's no beep. There's nothing.
Charlie scoffs. "You live, like, six miles away!"
Another minute or two passes before Charlie asks, “Does anyone mind if I play some music?”
Castiel knows it was a good idea to call things off between him and Dean. It was obvious that it was never going to work out: they’re in two different worlds and they don’t mesh. The only chance they
covering for the Hunters, and it’s not like he can steal bulletproof vests whenever he wants to do something that could be dangerous -- but it sounds like a believable lie to him. If the old man asks for specifics, Castiel can just shoot him down and it will just look like he’s being his usual bitchy self around the Vamps.
. It would mean a lot."
Fortunately, Charlie is nothing if not resourceful, and she finds something to at least
,” Castiel says. “If it hadn’t been for the other gangs roaming the streets, I don’t think I’d care too much, but as it is, I don’t know how much longer I expect him to survive out there.” At least while he’s
He pushes that thought out of the way and opens the door. Here goes nothing.
"Hey, whaddya know, Cas was right," Gabriel says.
Dean grins. "My hero, here and to save me from this neverending boredom."
Sam is at Castiel's desk and Charlie is at theirs, close enough together that they could be talking but not so close that it looks awkward that they're not.
… it kind of hurts. That was such a pivotal moment in their relationship. After 23 years of doing everything he could to win his dad's approval, it was the first time he'd ever genuinely felt validated. Now it's almost like that never happened. Does his validation count if John doesn't remember giving it? Does it count coming from a John of such a different time?
would have believed you if I wasn't standing ten feet away from the kid!"
“You can’t just swing by my house whenever the fuck you feel like it,” Castiel tells him.
"Pause it!" Charlie says, already reaching for the remote to do it herself. She has to wait a few seconds until it's the right moment, but when the screen switches back to Padmé, she pauses it.
"Oh, come on!" Charlie groans. "I know you want to do this yourself for whatever weird-ass reason, but the kid is bleeding out in your fucking sofa."
Winchester?"
"Jack knew you were gonna say that," Castiel tells him. "That's why he doesn't want you to know. He doesn’t want you to make this into something bigger than it already is."
For the record, Castiel thinks he did a
After a few minutes, Castiel asks, “Are you sure the Vamps still live here?” He’s pretty sure this is around where they hung out when he was a Hunter, but if the Hunters have all moved since then, maybe the Vamps have, too.
Wait a second.
The first thing Castiel hears from Jody, Dean, and Patience's gathering is Dean saying an awkward, "Please?"
Dean points at his phone, then drags a finger across his throat. Of course he wants Castiel to put the phone away. Of
"Isn't he always?"
Sam raises an eyebrow. "Wow, you're very charitable today." He folds the bill up and slips it in his pocket. "See you tonight." To Charlie, he adds an awkward and probably-not-sincere, "It was nice to meet you," and then he's gone.
But then Dean turns his attention to Charlie, and Castiel immediately regrets that. He would have given Dean all the satisfaction in the world if it would have kept his attention away from his partner. Charlie didn’t ask to be dragged into this.
CastieI presses a kiss to his lips. "Come home with me. You can make a life for yourself — a
But it’s
"Huh," Gabriel hums. "Good for him." He doesn't seem to think much of it, but it still seems genuine.
Dean chuckles. “You’re not the only one.” That was one of the plus-sides about those last couple of weeks he had on Earth. He and Sam didn’t have to save the world anymore; they could just hunt. It was nice to take on some lowkey monsters for once.
“What?” Charlie says, confused. “No, I live here. Like, right over there.” She points vaguely down the street. “Wait, where do your parents live? Have we been neighbors this whole time?”
“Guess so,” Benny says. “He said they were making some changes to the natural order of things. I tried asking what he meant but I didn’t get much of an answer. All I know is I’m here and Andrea’s here and we’ve got Cas to thank for it.”
to hear this."
Charlie nudges his arm and whispers, "You know, Dean Winchester is probably out there threatening an execution right now."
"Facts and logic will not stop me from making fun of you, thank you very much," Dean says. "But for real, you ready to go?"
I can play a few rounds." There's no way Jody didn't realize this was about playing with the Hunters. If she really has no problem with him spending half the night with them, maybe there's no reason not to.
shut him down immediately. He stops fidgeting with his hands, too, instead just clasping them in his lap, and it only takes a few seconds for him to look out the window again.
And, as much as having them around complicates things, Charlie also lightens the mood with her jokes. Now that all they're doing is trying to get Jack cleaned up, their conversation has mostly devolved into small talk, and Charlie makes things entertaining.
"So you're
"For once, I actually have," Castiel says. "Rant away."
Charlie gapes at him. "So you
The door opens just a crack, so Castiel walks over and opens it all the way. She jumps, startled, but her expression swiftly changes to one of worry.
"Now c'mon!" Jack hops out of the car excitedly.
Castiel is fully aware that this is only one side of the story and that it may just be a classic case of an unreliable narrator, but from what Jack says, it really does sound like the Vamps started it. And, though he doesn't say it, it also sounds like he and Claire finished it — there were two other dead bodies on the scene, and Castiel hopes to god it was the Vamps. After what they did to Alex, they deserved it.
Charlie gives a small gasp. Neither man pays attention to it.
"I know, but it's not something I want to talk about," he says. "You know, hypothetically." There's no point in pretending it's nothing when she clearly already knows it's something. "But thank you."
"Your dad loves me," CastieI says. "I don't think he'll care."
"Really?" CastieI doesn't realize until after he says it that he probably shouldn't sound so excited about it. Hell, he shouldn't
Dean narrows his eyes. “None of your business; that’s what it is.”
"Dammit," Dean mutters. He runs a hand down his face. "He's been gone half the day and I can't find him anywhere."
"Oh, never mind, then."
To her husband, Jody says, “In case you were wondering, that’s where Claire gets it from.”
But then Jody starts talking to Dean and Patience, and he decides he should probably step in before she tells Dean off in front of her. As far as he knows, Patience has no idea who she's talking to. He'd like to keep it that way. The Hunters don't exactly have the best reputation.
not going to like the holding cell he'll doubtlessly be transferred to for the night.
by the end of the day. At that point, he might have to suck it up and go to the hospital, if only because they have really good painkillers there.
"Cas…"
Castiel rereads the letter a few times. It's surprisingly nice. He'd half expected this to include a threat somewhere, but it really does seem to just be an offer. Granted, it's an offer he's turned down twice already, but an offer nonetheless.
"Make me."
He really has no idea, does he?
Dean kisses the ring, then drops his hand. "I'll see you again; I can promise you that much. If you decide you want to come back then, just say the word." Dean gives him a smile before he leaves, closing the bedroom door behind him.
"'Immortal,' dumbass," Sam says, though he says it much more fondly than the words would make it seem. "The word you're looking for is 'immortal.'"
think it might be a death sentence. Maybe if someone
"Oh." He hadn't thought about that. Maybe he should have offered to call for an ambulance himself and had Charlie stay here. Patience probably would have been more comfortable with everybody's favorite enby than two guys.
“Bye, Benny.” She looks up at the other man and adds a less enthusiastic, though by no means hostile, “Bye, Dean.”
“And, Dean?” Sam adds, seemingly as an afterthought.
Well, if Dean doesn’t have a better idea, there’s always the stupid one. Castiel forces a smile, and he’s sure every single person in the room can tell it’s fake. “This was far more diplomatic than I’d expected, I’ll give you that. I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t hoping for a little violence today, but I’m willing to leave it at this if you can promise no more harm will come to our people --
," CastieI says. "
"Cool, thanks. Bye."
marathon at Castiel's apartment, but he can't complain. He might be the only
. Dean might be smart enough to keep his mouth shut then, too.
“Oh, I got exactly what I wanted,” Dean tells him. “I have
Oh, thank god he figured it out. "Yeah."
"Hey Charlie?" CastieI looks up at her. "Can you go grab a wet towel for me?"
"You know what?" Charlie says. "It's Taylor Swift. Taylor Swift is here."
"Oh, touché," Charlie says. "On the bright side, you're already planning on running away to California soon. At least you know whatever she says or does won't affect you for long."
Charlie just smirks, unphased. They sit back down by his side and grab the remote, and they're just about to unpause the movie when the doorbell rings.
"Hey, Cas," Dean says quietly. "It, uh…" He chuckles awkwardly. "It's been a while."
"What?"
Castiel snorts. "I have no idea, but there's a good chance everything we're saying is being recorded." He hadn't actually thought about that until now, so thank god Dean said something. It's likely that no one will listen to the recording, at least this far into it, but there's always the possibility.
"And probably do more to lower this city's crime rate than the cops ever have in the process," CastieI says. The Hunters are bigger and more well-known than the Vamps, but it's no secret to anyone who pays attention that the Vamps commit the more violent crimes. They kidnap and murder people just for kicks. There's been an unofficial truce between them and the Hunters that they won't just outright murder each other, but it might be time for Dean to call that off for the greater good.
Dean chuckles, patting his back. “Well, you know, don’t really have anywhere else to go, what with being dead and all.”
And then it’s time to leave. Charlie is one of the officers on the mission so
"Castiel?" Jack calls through the door after a long few moments. "Do you mind if I ruin another one of your towels? You're welcome to say no."
CastieI waves that off. "Don't let Dean's paranoia fool you. If I wanted you in jail, you'd be there already."
"He's not," Castiel assures him.
“I did,” Castiel says simply.
Casitel cocks his head to the side. “Who’s…?”
CastieI waits for an answer… and he waits… and he waits some more.
Dean crosses his arms and pouts. "She won't let me stay with Patience until the ambulance comes."
And then, because heaven forbid
in this bank right now, but that doesn’t seem like the right response right now. Instead, he just says, "Well, at least then we could take him into questioning."
thought… But it was never going to happen. He supposes he should have known that from the beginning. But he couldn't help but think — but
"Jack," Castiel whispers, eyes wide. "What happened?"
"Dean?" Sam says quietly, his voice full of concern.
Charlie narrows her eyes.
Castiel sighs. "Dean, you know I can't do that."
"And who's this little princess?" Dean asks.
"Jack's fine," Castiel assures him. "I'm sure he's watching
Castiel cocks his head to the side, puzzled, but Gabriel seems so sure of himself as he steps back inside the apartment that Castiel decides he has to listen. He hopes Gabriel knows what he’s talking about, because personally, Castiel has a hard time believing this is going to be anything short of awkward. It’s one thing to be reunited with his brother; it’s going to be another thing entirely to see the old friends he abandoned without a word.
"Lemme see your arm," Dean says, pulling his jacket off.
"She wasn't
"Hey, Dean?" Castiel asks a minute or two after they start walking, when the silence becomes too much to ignore. "If I were to try to make small talk, is there even a chance you would go along with it?"
a big red flag," Castiel replies.
"Because," Jack says, "he told me a few days ago that he was proud of me for dealing so well. I can't just tell him that he's
Dean heaves a dramatic sigh. “
"That's awesome!" Dean says. "60 years? So you lived to, what, 70? 80?"
Just for Jody's sake, Castiel asks, "And
and no one had even heard of us. Now you've got half of homicide trying to hu t you down."
"Cas…"
Dean shakes his head. “Just part of the job.”
“C’mon,” Gabriel says, waving him forward. “I think you’re gonna like this.”
"Look, I'll show you," Dean says. He grabs his jeans off the bed and sticks a hand in the pocket. When that doesn't turn anything up, he tries the other side, this time with much greater success. He holds his hand out to Castiel to reveal three rings: two plain silver bands and one gold ring with a diamond. There's really nothing remarkable about any of them, so to say Castiel is confused would be an understatement. "See? That's all I took."
Well, he can't deny that.
he’s safe, but if he decides to go back to the Hunters -- and he probably will before he lets Castiel take him to California -- he’s practically a sitting duck. The
“Well, don’t worry,” Dean says, “Cas and I will make sure you never forget again.”
, Castiel wants to tell him. Everyone can always talk to Dean. He's practically the Hunters' therapist but without the soul-searching advice. But this isn't the same gang he left all those years ago. It was easy when it was just a bunch of lost kids. Leadership roles aside, everyone was equal. Castiel has no idea how things may have changed now that Dean is old enough to be some of these kids' dad. Maybe Jack has a valid reason not to want to talk to him.
“Actually,” Charlie says, “I was gonna say, ‘are you going to be okay,’ but that is good to hear, too.”
“Apparently not,” Sam says with a frown.
“The dude’s weird, though,” Ash says. “I always thought God would be more…” He gestures vaguely. “
"I'm sorry, okay?" Dean says. "I'll stop bitching about you being a cop. Now will you sit down and shut up so I can deal you in?"
seem to be off for the day…" He thumbs at the top button of Castiel's shirt. "What if we…"
On the other hand, he doesn't want to tell Jack any of it. He doesn't want to worry the boy, and he doesn't want him to feel bad knowing Dean only got caught because he was out looking for him. He's not sure he can pretend everything is okay all night, and calling Lucifer is only going to make that harder.
"Will you at least try?" she asks. "He won't talk and he won't even consider a plea deal. You're about all we've got left."
cops on you."
"I'm not done," Dean snaps. "You put people away
Dean sighs dramatically. "I'm still looking for my pseudo-son. That's the last place I know he was going."
Dean shrugs. "It was either this is jail time."
Dean snorts. "You look like you're gonna propose."
Castiel follows him up the stairs. Before he can even see the room, he sees the light from the doorway. Why Dean decided to sit in the dark when the floor above him was all lit up, Castiel does not understand, but he doesn't understand a lot of what goes through Dean's mind.
apologize," Mick remarks. "You can't humor him just a little?"
," Charlie repeats skeptically. "He threatened to shoot you at the bank, and now he wants to be your friend?"
wants things to go his way, but it's not so great on the other side of things.
"Tomorrow?" Dean scoffs. "The hell am I supposed to do 'til then?"
"Yeah, 'course I am," Dean says. He drops his hand and looks up at his brother with a sigh. "I just — I don't want to mess this up, you know? What if it only went so well last time because we
That leaves CastieI with two options. Randy is clearly ready to overlook this, so Castiel could pass it off as a case of mistaken identity that he seems so willing to believe. There's always a chance he'll try to follow up, though, either with his neighbors or with whoever got the (other) cops involved. Alternatively, he could admit that it's true and that someone
"That someone was Sam," Castiel says. "He got a full ride to Stanford, I found the letter, and we made it work. I think he's a lawyer now or something." Of all the possible reactions he’d thought Dean would have to that, he didn’t think an out-of-the-blue law-related email would be one of them, but here they are.
"I am
Castiel's eyebrows shoot up. "Why would you think I was gonna to
a pain in the ass, Castiel does not understand, but he sure as fuck does it.
Flanked by an officer on both sides, Dean is walking down the hall with his hands cuffed behind his back. Despite what has to be a pretty shitty situation for him, he seems to be in good spirits as he walks by, a smile on his face. He’s still being escorted by, but he keeps his gaze on Castiel as he does.
Castiel glances in the mirror for Dean’s reaction, but he doesn’t even acknowledge that. He’d probably rather not listen to Charlie’s music, but he must not care too much; he doesn’t even make a face. Castiel gives his friend the go-ahead, and they awkwardly fiddle around with their phone, trying to plug it in without taking their eyes off the road for too long. Castiel takes it from them and plugs it in himself. iTunes is still open up her lock screen, so he just hits the play button.
As soon as Castiel, Dean, and Charlie have entered the building, Sam runs up and pulls his brother into a hug. Castiel stands back with a smile on his face. He never expected to see the Winchesters back together. The fact that almost 14 years of radio silence between them didn’t dampen their relationship at all makes him so happy.
many questions.”
“He sure was,” Castiel says. The fact that Gordon knows exactly what they’re doing here is a little disconcerting, though he tries not to think about that. Dean said he assumed the Vamps would be expecting him after what they did to Jack. It looks like he was right. “Now, if you don’t mind, I’d like a word with the man in charge, m’kay?” He plasters on a falsely sweet smile.
to come. Boss's orders."
Though Dean had looked incredibly amused at the whole situation, he finally decides to step in. "As much as I appreciate the hesitation, I think we both know you want to sit with your brothers."
"Bradbury." Jody gestures for Charlie to come with her, then walks away, not even checking to make sure she followed.
"I didn't know you were coming up," Castiel tells him. "You know Dean doesn't have a trial, right? There's not much for you to do here."
… Man, it’s good to be home.
"Cas?" Charlie calls.
Dean takes his hands. "You can still stay. You're still one of us, you know. I think you proved that tonight."
"I was in a gang, I left, I'm here," Castiel interrupts. "Congratulations, you now know my whole life story."
"Not a chance," Lucifer says. "I called dibs first."
"Would that be such a bad thing?" Dean asks. "You could see your brothers again. You could watch your nephew grow up. You could be with
weren't making googly eyes at him," Charlie says sarcastically.
watch over her,” Jody reminds him. “But, you know, between us, her parents, and Kaia, she’s mostly staying out of trouble.”
"I don't blame you," Dean says. "Especially with Andrea here." The fact that she's here is arguably more surprising than Cas bringing Benny back. At least Dean and Cas
"I can't believe it either," Castiel says. "How are you? What've you been up to?"
"I'm not going to be around after today," Castiel tells him. "I actually wasn't planning on 'being around' today. I was just going to leave something here for Dean and that was going to be it."
Castiel nods in understanding. "See ya — and thanks again for the cupcakes!"
Castiel gestures vaguely in that direction. "Her."
okay. I really wanna emphasize that."
“I miss you, too,” Castiel says, and holy hell, is it true. He didn’t even realize he
“Just a day trip,” Dean says. “I would’ve brought you back with me if I could’ve.”
in half. He was sitting
"You don't know that."
get it because you haven't really told me anything, but I get it. You're just trying to do what you have to to keep your friend safe."
Castiel narrows his eyes. If Dean wants to be dramatic about this, he can be dramatic, but no amount of bitching is going to make this true.
"Apparently I look a lot like a guy from some Target video?" Dean shrugs. "Didn't realize they were still looking for him. You learn something new every day."
.” He says it so casually, like it’s the unavoidable outcome. They’ll talk to the Vamps, then they’ll go home together. It’s not true, of course. Castiel knows that. They’ll both go to their own homes, but they won’t go together and there will be no discussions about cowboys to be had. Still, it’s a nice thought.
"He's a cop, Gordon!" Jenny hisses. "Why the hell would you let him in here?"
done," Dean says. "I never believed you when you said you were done before. I was so sure it woukd be different this time, that you were going to come here and just tell me off — arrest me, even; I don't know — but you didn't.
Dean steps through the door first, and with a single clap of his hands, he says, "Good news! Poker night just got a little bigger."
CastieI scoffs. "So, what, you have Benny staking the place out?"
Wow. It really
has ever said it back?
He pulls the paper out with a sigh and sits up. He fiddles with it nervously, trying to make a decision. It really shouldn’t be this hard. He only has the two choices: he could read it or he could get rid of it. Why is he struggling so much to make up his mind?
Castiel turns around to look at him. He’s standing in the door with a hand in his pocket. He pulls out Castiel's phone and tosses it to him. For a throw with his left hand, it's surprisingly well-aimed, and Castiel grabs it with ease.
, but his point still stands.
Castiel ignores that. "Honestly, not much. Things are kinda boring, but I like that."
now. That's enough for me."
Charlie glances at Castiel, but when all she gets getting him is a death glare, she has to answer it herself. "Cas told me he and Dean Winchester used to date."
“You can do that now, if you would like,” the old man says politely. “We will leave your boy alone. I presume that’s all you came for. While it has been
Charlie nods slowly. "Yeah, 'cause you thought Dean was gonna be pissed if you knew someone was leaving and didn't tell him. Why?"
Castiel doesn’t even have time to process that name before the door slams open, and out steps a very familiar, very
"See?" Dean closes his hand around the rings. "I told you, everything's fine. Everything's
“Dean doesn’t give a straight anything,” Sam says with a small smile. “Alright, I am going to go talk to your boss… apparently… and then try to get Dean to use his brain for once in his life. I’ll see you later?”
John is just finishing setting the table when Dean steps into view. He beams at the sight of his two boys, and Dean can't help but smile, too. His dad had always put hunting before fatherhood. As much as Dean hated it, it made sense; there were so many people’s lives on the line and his father was in a unique position to save them.
gunpoint," Castiel says. "He
"You're a terrible fucking liar," Dean tells him. He runs a hand down his face. His anger seems to have dissipated; now he just sounds
"And I heard that you had a
“Yeah, I do,” Castiel gushes, and he presses a kiss to Dean’s cheek to make his point. Thank god the cops can only get audio; it’s embarrassing enough without them seeing what’s going on.
Jody frowns. "I know you two have history, but you don't have to do this for him. You don't owe him that."
Dean gives a mock salute. "You got it, boss."
Charlie subtly wheels herself over to his side. "Is that Dean Winchester?"
Jack returns the smile with a small one of his own. "I don't really
"Jack, Claire, and Alex, and you don't need to know," Dean replies, a hint of defiance in his voice. That's not what he's focused on.
Part of him wants to read it right now, to bask in the warmth of his brothers’ words. Part of him thinks he should grab a lighter and let the wind carry the ashes far away from here. He really wants to know what his brothers have to say to him, but what if that’s the final straw? What if he decides he misses them too much and goes back? It took months of planning to get out of there the first time. He’s not sure he could do it again if he changed his mind.
Castiel sits down on the end of the bed and buries his head in his hands. Maybe Charlie was right. He's not sure he's up for work tomorrow.
Castiel chuckles in spite of himself. He makes his way to the man, and he
. You can't ignore your dad for weeks."
CastieI feels tears welling up in his eyes. For a moment there, he
Dean fishes out his wallet from his back pocket, and Castiel cocks his head to the side. What the fuck is he doing? Dean fishes out a 100-dollar bill and hands it to his brother. "People
Watching Dean walk away is hard.
Sam steps in with, "Apparently the Empty took him back, but they took Death down with them."
were you talking to
Lucifer cocks his head to the side. Castiel had thought he'd be pissed that he kept that secret for so long; instead he just looks confused. "But… why?"
"But they
he has of his brothers.
"Then you should have brought him back."
planning his way out of this. He refuses to fall back into it.
"Are you sure?" they ask. "We can wait here for a stretch—"
“The dead one?” Jody asks.
“It’s just a guy shooting a robber,” Jody says, her eyebrows furrowed. “How is this gang-related?”
"I don't know," Jack admits. "Dean got it for me for my birthday a few years ago. I didn't think to ask."
," CastieI corrects them. "That doesn't mean she's not going to bring it up later, though. She might just want to get this whole Vamp thing out of the way."
Gordon rolls his eyes. “I forgot how unbearably infatuated with each other you two are.”
And now for the fun part: a drive to Main Street in the dead of night.
. I’m not letting you leave right after you came back.”
Despite all of this, Dean puts on a cheerful face when he’s with his friends and family, and though Sam had definitely been concerned before, by now, he seems to have moved on -- or, more likely, seems to think Dean has moved on. That’s not true in the slightest, but he won’t admit it aloud. He’s just glad to have some semblance of normalcy now.
Jack thinks that over for a few moments. Finally, he says, “Can you write it in the notes app on my phone? No one’s gonna go through all my phone notes.”
Dean cocks his head to the side. “You don’t remember?”
the answer I was expecting." He frowns. "Did you lose it? I told Jack not to fold it so many times. I'm sure your brothers wouldn't mind —"
Charlie chuckles. “Alright, Cassie, how does that sound?”
lies which might raise some questions, but they really were just lies. "It was more embarrassing than anything."
Jack glances around. "I have to pee but getting up is a
"Why not?" Dean whines. "Can't we get
"I'm just saying, dying would solve a lot of my problems," Jack says. "Like, you know, the problem of trying not to die."
Dean heaves a sigh. Well, he might as well get this over with. He walks back to his parents’ front stoop, taking his time as he does because he’s really in no rush to have this conversation or this dinner. It looks like Sam had almost started to follow him because he’s now just below the first step, his face laced with concern. This is going to be fun.
"Okay, but can I go see him?" Dean asks again.
"Just, when I saw you here, I really thought you were done with me — us, I mean," Dean says.
Sam looks down at him with a frown. "Dean, Cas knows we love him."
Given that the only possible response to that would be to admit that Dean is right, Castiel just shuts his mouth. He’s still not entirely confident, though. Someone should have seen them by now. You can’t walk around in Hunter territory for this long without running into someone, in the middle of the day or the dead of night. Why are the Vamps any different?
“So who was it?” Castiel asks. “I know it wasn’t you -- you don’t like to get your hands dirty.”
Dean throws his head back and groans very dramatically, and Castiel elbows him again.
Dean Winchester. I can
Castiel sets the chair down behind the boy. "How's your cheek?" The rough abrasion doesn't seem to have healed very much, but it's only been a few hours; short of an angelic blessing from the Heavens, there was no chance of it getting better overnight.
“Cas said that,” Dean repeats incredulously.
It does not, in fact, work out for him.
right to call him your nephew after you abandoned him, and you sure as hell don't have the right to take him from us."
“Hey, buddy!” The cheerful voice inside the apartment is unmistakably Dean’s. “You change your mind? I can deal you in next round.”
"They recognized him from the video," Castiel finishes. "He's sitting in a holding cell right now."
"You could sit between Claire and Kaia," Benny says. "That way you
Castiel shrugs. “Again, it’s a risk I’m willing to take.”
would go over well. But even if it doesn’t make sense for that to be him, Dean has to check.
. Don't you see? This is my life now — this,
"On it."
"Hey, Cas," Dean says, "Can I head home with you?"
. It was calm, quiet,
It's not Charlie in the doorway, though Dean has no doubt anymore that this is the right house. It takes Dean a second to figure out where he's seen the woman in the doorway before — he blames that on the fact that her hair is down — but she's unmistakably Dorothy from Oz.
"I'm assuming you're aware that we have Dean Winchester in custody?" Jody asks.
“You made it!” The silverware forgotten, John heads over to his kids, giving them each a big hug. Dean honestly isn’t sure what to do. It’s not like his dad
Dean doesn't take his eyes off Patience until the back of the ambulance is closed and she's out of sight. Castiel watches him, confused. He's not sure why Dean likes this girl so much, but he's glad he does.
"Yeah, sorry." Dean throws his jacket back on, then grabs Castiel's for him. "You'll thank me later, though."
," Dean says sarcastically, "because you
"Dean —"
"Oh," Charlie says, and she seems a little uncomfortable. "Well, I mean, I guess that's good."
“Please, enlighten me, then,” he says. “The police are no more your friends than they are ours; what do you stand to gain from working with them?”
"Oh, come on," Castiel groans.
series is really good.”
"Dean —"
something he's not gonna like, and I don't want him to take it out on
"I think I'm going to call his dad, too," CastieI says. "I know I told Jack I wouldn't, but he needs to know his son is safe." That was his biggest takeaway from today. They never would have been in this situation if Dean hadn't been out looking for the kid. He wants the Hunters to know what's happening tomorrow, too, just in case they don't make it out unharmed.
"Because," the man says, "there's a cop here right now."
"So, you guys did it, right?" Sam asks. "No more Vamps?"
A small smile grows on his lips. He feels bad — it must look like a strange reaction to Jack — but he can't help it. Jack has absolutely no idea how wrong he is.
Charlie puts a finger to his lips. “I am buying you sugar and you cannot stop me.” She puts her hand back down by her side. “Ooh, can we get two of your mint cupcakes? I
Charlie just shrugs that off. "Hey, man, I get it. I mean, I
Castiel pats her on the back in mock sympathy. "And that's why I love him."
"And which one didn't make it?" CastieI asks, though admittedly, he's not sure he wants to know.
Jo crosses her arms and cocks an eyebrow inquisitively. "How 'bout you, Dean?"
"No, trust me, I'm aware," Castiel says. "But, all jokes aside, you are very valid despite having three functioning brain cells and are you changing your pronouns?"
sense if it came from the mouth of a seven-year-old, but from a 35-year-old woman, not so much."
Dean runs a hand through his hair. "Look, I'm happy where I am. Now, you mean a lot to me — more than I care to admit — but not enough to convince me to leave my people. There are only three ways this could go from here: we keep meeting like this, hiding out when no one else is around; we call it off and pretend this never happened; or you can join me." He takes Castiel's hands in his. "You can come back to the fold with me. You can keep your apartment, you can keep your friends, you can keep that heap of metal you call a car, I don't care. I just want you back."
“Dean?” Sam says warily. “What’s going on?”
Dean just rolls his eyes. He’s just being honest. Charlie knows it. Deep down, Sam has to know it, too. Cas and Jack could come by whenever they want, and they continue to choose not to.
-- and even if he could, he’s not sure he’d want to. He answers the question in the only way he knows how. "I found a family."
“He fired off a couple shots at the ceiling and threatened to shoot everyone there if the cashier didn’t give him all the money in the register. The cashier -- Sarah -- she’d only been here a couple weeks and she was absolutely terrified, so I started to run over there. I was just gonna give him the money. What a thousand dollars to a multi-billion dollar corporation, right? As long as no one got hurt, it would be worth it. And then some guy at one of the self-checkouts pulled out a gun and just freakin’ shot him.”
It was nice to hear that Lucifer and Gabriel are okay, too. Castiel didn’t even know he was worried about them until he heard it. Lucifer did a damn good job at raising his son, too -- and, knowing the Hunters, he didn’t have to do it alone; “it takes a village” indeed. It means a lot that they’re still thinking about him -- still
of questions.
“This time was different,” Cas says. “I’d made my peace with it. I’d
He’s supposed to pick Charlie up today, so time is really starting to run low. He jogs back to the bedroom and tucks his jacket in the duffel bag. He zips it up and slings it over his shoulder. Perfect. That should be all he needs.
“Eh.” They wave that off. “Sometimes it’s worth it.” In a more serious tone, she says, “But, really, Cas, stay safe. Don’t do anything stupid. We want the Vamps, but we want you back alive more.”
like it is.
“What do you
"Nah, I'm not," she admits. "He had it coming."
not to read it," Castiel says. He reaches over Dean to grab the note, and he holds it in his palm. "I'm just gonna throw it out."
Castiel scowls. He really shouldn't be rewarding him for doing this bare minimum, but it's more than he'd expected, and it shows that even if he still holds that grudge, at least he
“So, you here for good this time or just passing through?” Ash asks.
. And it's not like the cops could do anything to him, anyway. He's not exactly a world-renowned criminal; he's just a kid."
Castiel looks over at him, surprised. What the fuck is he doing? Sure, he
Dean takes his hand. "Come back with me."
avenge you if I have to, but I really don't want to so you better walk out of there without a scratch."
think letting us talk to your leader would be a good idea.”
“Hey, kiddo,” Charlie says. “I am here to buy my friend an uncomfortable amount of good food, and you and your mom never disappoint with that. So, what does the chef recommend?”
CastieI grits his teeth and remains silent. He's not going to give him the satisfaction. He's done far too much of that.
," Charlie whispers. "
"Tell me about it," Dean mutters. "I told you I wouldn't die out there. I do so much stupid shit in my life, I'm practically immune to death."
bad at getting these subtle hints to shut the fuck up. Anyone with half a brain cell could piece together by now that Castiel was in contact with the Hunters, and Jody has more brain cells than just about anyone he knows.
he can leave. It's long past dark and the streets are mostly empty. The air is so still that it almost feels wrong to turn on the radio so he drives in silence, feelings of dread and anticipation mixing inside of him.
Gordon hesitates.
“Try to stop it?” Castiel finishes. “Of course not. I’m sentimental, not stupid.”
“I take it this is one of them?” he guesses.
Castiel puts on the same outfit he always wears on his way to work: dress pants, a white dress shirt, a suit jacket, and a trench coat. It’s still a work day, after all, and he doesn’t want to pull up to the station dressed like a gang member. He packs his more casual attire in a small duffle back. The sneakers, jeans, and black tee shirt are all easy to find; he wears things like that on weekends so they’re not far. Finding his leather jacket takes a lot more work. He hasn’t worn
is a Hunter,” Castiel says. That’s all she has to know. That is
CastieI runs a hand down his face, exasperated. "You're really not helping."
"Especially because he'll know I saw you if I have the letter, and that's
Cas is there. He’s standing out in the open, no trees out there to cover him this time. He’s looking right at them, like he
Castiel and Charlie are all prepared to go about their day like usual. They head inside towards their desks, ready to spend the day doing paperwork and sending emails like the boring homicide detectives with no new cases they are until Jody comes to see them.
wanted by the police?" Castiel shakes his head. "I'm sorry, Dean. I wish I could, but honestly, I think it's best for all of us if we go our separate ways, stay out of trouble."
"That's what I thought," Dean says with a smirk. "C'mon, take a seat. I won't bite. Probably."
Charlie makes a face at that last part — it's hard to appreciate lawyers when they seemingly exist only to help the criminals they track down walk free — but otherwise, they seem pretty understanding. "So
CastieI nods sympathetically. "And I'm sure walking on it didn't help."
I’ll ask if he wants to see you.”
his best friend, after all. She deserves to know.
Dean does end up getting his wish, because the ambulance chooses that moment to pull up. Jody gives him more than just the chance to stay with her until they arrive; she waits until Patience has been loaded onto a stretcher (that she insists she doesn't need, but ultimately, it's not her choice) before she pulls the two men aside.
Castiel hadn't been planning on telling him, but he asked so politely that he feels like he has to give him some sort of answer. "The ones for your dad and uncle are just responses to the ones they wrote for me. The one for Dean is…" How does he phrase this? "It's a heads-up." A warning, more accurately, though that sounds more ominous than he'd been going for.
“Charlie, you don’t have to --”
"Dean kinda got arrested."
Dean scoffs. “
They head to Target, and Jody is waiting for them outside. She’s talking with an employee -- at least he
“And Jack,” Castiel says, “if you ever decide that you don’t want to be a Hunter, come find me. I can help you get out. Just don’t tell anyone or Dean might kill me.” He says that last part with a small smile just so Jack doesn’t
“Hey, Sam?” Dean says hesitantly, breaking the silence that had stretched on for the entirety of their walk to the bakery so far.
It doesn’t take long for Dean to get a clear look at their faces. He doesn’t recognize the shorter one at first. She's a girl, though her clothes are so weirdly outdated that he almost wouldn't know it from this distance if he didn't notice her long dark hair in a braid to the side.
a 'casual segway' in the slightest," Castiel tells her.
Castiel glances around, and it takes him a minute to zero in on who called his name. There's a man standing at the front desk, presumably having been arguing with the secretary as people tend to do, but now his attention is on Castiel. He runs a hand though his shoulder-length brown hair, a relieved smile on his face.
crazy and he’s crazy for doing it -- but at least it’s a plan.
"They know where you are," Castiel says simply, then makes a show of turning his attention back to Jody. This conversation is over.
It's Friday evening, and Castiel and Charlie decide to celebrate the end of a successful work week — and prepare for a hopefully-just-as-successful trial — with a night out. Their idea of a night out is just a trip to Domino's Pizza, but it's a night out nonetheless.
CastieI gestures to him in an
Castiel nods. "He was looking for Jack and the guys on the Target case — I'm assuming you know about Target?"
After what feels like hours of tossing and turning — though he's almost certain it hasn't actually been that long — he gives up on this seemingly fruitless mission to sleep. He can't rest until he knows what's going on with Cas, and if there's one thing he's learned over the years, it's that praying is the most foolproof way of reaching him.
“Yeah, that’ll be great,” Castiel says, but he can’t even pretend he’s excited about it. He’s not
Jack beams. "I love when fights resolve themselves!"
Castiel's really
So Sam was right; Cas
" to Castiel before reluctantly following Jody to her office. Castiel watches with a frown. He's not sure what this is about, but he's sure he doesn't like it.
Jody purses her lips, clearly annoyed at that. "You two just… stay here, okay? I'll deal with you in a minute." She gestures to the old man with her head. "I gotta get him out of here."
"On the bright side," she says, "he's not a criminal anymore. Maybe you could…" She bounces her eyebrows.
This is going to be interesting.
Still, standing on this bridge with his brother, gazing out into the beautiful mysteries of Heaven that he's yet to explore, he has to admit that death has done him well.
Gordon knocks on the door, then takes a step back. Dean and Castiel step back as well, and Castiel nearly falls on his butt. He didn’t realize the stair ended right there. Fortunately, between his own recovery and Dean’s assistance, it’s barely a stumble. Dean gives him an amused look, and Castiel just ignores it.
Jack beams. "This is why you're the best."
to be covering a gunshot wound."
loses either way, so it doesn't matter too much. He just
"Nope," Castiel says. "Didn't even recognize the guy. It was worth a shot, though." He forces a smile. "Now let's head home. I
There's a pause before Jack asks, "Can you get the door? Hopping around hurts my foot."
Dean punches his shoulder, and Castiel bites back a laugh. And least he and Sam are on the same page, even if Dean’s not.
see him. Sam didn’t see him; Charlie didn’t see him;
Jack takes out his phone and, after tapping a few times, hands it to him. He’s in the middle of an existing note, which Castiel supposes makes sense. That’s an easy way to hide it. Castiel types his phone number and his address with no other context, then hands the phone back.
"I know," CastieI says. "But I
Dean perks up at that. “Then what the fuck are we still doing here? Let’s go!”
Where Cas
"Thank you."
to get in and see Dean," he says, his tone instantly changing from friendly to annoyed, "but apparently I can't do that."
"Well, I tried," they say with a shrug. "I know you're 'not sad,' but if you
"What are you doing here?" Castiel asks, though not unkindly.
?" Charlie demands. "And why the fuck couldn't I listen?"
CastieI eyes him up and down in wonder, and that's when he notices what has to be the worst part. He's missing a shoe, instead walking directly on his dirty foot with a
After some anxious pacing back and forth, Castiel decides that he wants to see Dean again. At least, he wants to talk to him again. He doesn’t care if they don’t see each other. Hell, it's probably preferable that they don’t. As much as he would
hands off me!"
Gabriel elbows him playfully. "You could always
The girl next to her — Kaia, Dean had introduced her; he's pretty sure Lucifer said that's her girlfriend? — shrugs, but he can tell she's thinking the same thing.
Dean snorts. "No, Cas, I didn't kill them. They fucked up, but it's not like they committed treason. It's not like they
"This is
since they started looking for him. You think they're gonna nail him on something?"
"I don't know how I managed before you came back," Jack adds. "You really know just what to say."
Ultimately, Jack does concede and asks Castiel to order him a pair of crutches so he can at least have
,” Nathan says. “He put his gun away, grabbed a box of chocolate bars -- you know, the ones at the self-checkout that you can buy the bars individually -- and his bag, voided his transaction, and left. Didn’t pay or anything.”
in Heaven.
him." The first part is, admittedly, just to (hopefully) get Jody off his back, but he does mean the second part. That was not kidnapping. In no way was that fucking kidnapping.
"Fine." Dean gestures for them to go. "I hope you think of me every time you find a body or there's a missing person and you think the Vamps are involved. Odds are, they probably were." He gives them a fake smile. "Bye, now."
," Jody says indignantly. "You got shot, Novak. You —"
As CastieI gently dabs away the blood, he can start to make a little more sense of the boy's injuries. It's not quite as bad as it had looked; a lot of scratches and gashes, but most look fairly shallow. He was bleeding a lot, but it mostly seems to be from the same few wounds.
to find him. He could help us take them down once and for all.”
Dean nods. "Before I go..." He reaches into his pocket and pulls out one of the silver wedding bands. He takes Castiel's hand and gently slips the ring on. "Something to remember me by."
Dean groans dramatically.
dumbass, so it's okay.
"Yes, ma'am," Castiel says.
“I don’t want to have fun right now,” Castiel says. “I just want to go home.”
"Tell me you're lying," Castiel says. “Tell me you’re just trying to mess with me.”
"What's up?" Charlie asks.
"Ryan and Esposito have been at it on and off for hours, and all they've got to show for it is a plethora of sarcastic comments," Jody tells him.
And then it's silent.
"Maybe." It will be weird, though. Castiel has never associated that guy's face with a name; it's always just been a concept. It will be weird for that to change.
"You didn't do
CastieI can tell the fit is the least of his problems — it's not like he's wearing either of the other two rings he took from the bank — but he doesn't protest. If Dean will let him keep the ring, he's going to keep the ring.
"Wouldn't dream of it," Dean replies. "Hey, before you go, I just gotta ask…"
Castiel swings by Charlie's, and she walks out with two homemade coffees. She hands him one before either of them have said a word, and Castiel takes a sip immediately. Ah, caffeine. It truly is one of life's greatest gifts.
"He wasn't abusive," Castiel interrupts.
Charlie narrows her eyes. "You're being both really mean and really nice right now and I don't know how to feel."
Castiel forces a smile. “Right. You’re right. That’s a great idea.”
Castiel chuckles. He's so freaking cute, what the fuck?
"I'm not going to a hospital!" Jack says, his voice hoarse.
“It’s nothing,” Sam assures her.
Dean rolls his eyes. “And if you walked into Hunter territory, would you see any sign that we were there or would it look like a bunch of abandoned buildings and rundown apartments?”
Charlie brings the car to a slow stop and unlocks the door. Castiel hops out, ready to grab the door for Dean, but he opens it himself, sliding out the other side. Okay, so maybe he doesn’t need any help.
"Everyone likes Cas," Sam says.
He nods. "Yeah, she came back not long after you died. She really helped keep me together when I had nothing else left."
doesn't want to do this. He's not too worried that Dean will say or do anything to get himself in trouble, but he
"It's just a letter," Jack says. "Since they couldn't be here."
them."
"I know." He can get away with a lot, and he's grateful for that. "Have you seen her? I want to know if she's in a good mood or if I should be mentally preparing myself."
"Now, I'm not saying we should do it more often," Dean says in a way that clearly implies that's
It’s much less amusing as the person who has to keep the old man from escaping his grasp, but at least one of them is enjoying it.
," Dean says.
Castiel shrugs. "So I'm a good liar. What about it?"
Castiel sighs and shakes his head. "I wish I knew."
Castiel finds himself hesitating, though he's not quite sure why.
Dean shakes his head. “No, I’m not. But there’s one thing you were wrong about.”
He hops out of bed — literally; maybe if he pretends he has energy, he'll actually find some — and heads to the kitchen. He has no real reason to think he'll find him there, but it doesn't make it any less disappointing when he doesn't. He doesn't come up completely empty-handed, though. There's a napkin and a pen sitting on the kitchen table, and CastieI knows even before he picks it up who it's from.
don’t want to see what he would do if he knew.” There would be a lot of new bodies to look at, that’s for sure. He’d like to think none of those bodies would belong to his brothers or Dean, but honestly, he’s not sure. They have a habit of jumping into things head-first without thinking them through. It's doubtlessly going to get them killed one day.
of our people.”
"I think she'll be fine," Jack says. "She never goes anywhere alone — usually Kaia's with her — and she won't hesitate to shoot anybody that tries to mess with them."
shut up about it and he'd like to have some idea of what she's talking about.
"If I call him from your phone, he's gonna start asking questions," Jack says. "I don't think I want to talk to him until we're ready to leave — are we still doing that? Going to California?"
CastieI sighs. "Dean…" He rests his head on the man's shoulder. "Me leaving had nothing to do with you, I promise. The hardest part of walking away was knowing I would probably never see you or my family again."
Dean cocks his head to the side. "But she
“Um…” Jack looks up at the angel uncertainly. “Yes?”
He's glad Dean set their nonexistent meeting for tomorrow, though. It gives Castiel enough time to put a new note in the office building for him without him having to wait too long for Dean to find it.
“It’s literally seven o’clock. Why the
"You could put your time and energy where it really matters," Dean continues. "
Jack gives a small, sheepish shrug that immediately transforms into a wince. "After what happened last time, I really didn't want to shoot anyone. By the time I would've changed my mind, one of them had already taken it."
“Now come on,” Sam says. “We’ve got a lot of other people to see.”
"They might be right," Jack says quietly.
"A friend?" Or something more, but he doesn't think that's worth mentioning.
"Cas, come on," Dean says. "I'm sure you're telling the truth. I'm sure he's fine. But he's also my responsibility, and I want to see him for myself."
“So I’ve heard,” Benny replies. “I gotta be honest, brother, I got no idea what I did to deserve this, but it sure beats Purgatory, I’ll give it that.”
"You too, Sam," Castiel says. "I'd give you a hug, but…" He gestures vaguely to his arm, though really, he's sure it would hurt his back and his chest more than it would his arm.
Castiel clenches his teeth. That’s what he was trying
Well, this is probably very stupid, but here goes nothing.
The door is unlocked, so Jack has no problem getting inside. Castiel leans against the wall, out of sight from anyone in the room, and crosses his arms. This is probably the most nerve-wracking confrontation he’s had with Dean, right up there with the bank robbery. Back there he was worried about how Dean would react seeing him for the first time since he deserted his gang. Now he’s worried to see how Dean will react to him calling the cops’ attention to him. He’s honestly not sure which is a worse crime, and Dean won’t exactly have 13 years to cool off this time.
In a perfect world, the only thing that would be nailing him is CastieI.
Charlie is passed out on the living room couch, her arm thrown carelessly over her head with a big chunk of hair in her mouth. Dean bites back a laugh. Even asleep, she's still adorable.
"If Charlie finds out you came by and I didn't wake her up, she'll kill me," Dorothy says. "Which would be a big feat considering I'm already dead, but she'd figure it out." She heads to Charlie's side and taps the girl on the head.
dead," Jody surmises.
Once Jody is out of earshot, Dean nudges him playfully. "See? Now you
peace with it.”
, not because he enjoys it but because Charlie will
Jack shakes his head. "We were just at the mall. The fro-yo shop always has free samples and they're so much more satisfying than the actual-size cups. It was all my idea — go in through the mall employee entrance, grab a couple samples, and head out the way we came.
“Wait, really?” Castiel squeezes by him and jogs over to the bathroom. Sure enough, it’s hanging up in there. It’s been so long since he’s looked for it, it must have started blending into the background. Thank god Jack pays attention. He grabs it and heads out to the living room, where Jack is gently lowering himself to the couch. “Thanks, kiddo.”
"How long
“Charlie and I are going out for lunch,” Castiel lies. “Don’t want to draw attention to myself in my fancy clothes.” He’d like to think that was a pretty good lie for such little time to think. If he keeps that up today, he shouldn’t have a problem (as long as he doesn’t take a bullet to the head before he gets the chance to talk).
Lucifer snorts. “Jack wouldn’t let me take him away even if I wanted to. This is the only home he’s ever known.”
"For you? There is no bad time." She hops off the couch with
only have one fully-functioning arm." That’s not the reason he’s been in here so long, but it’s as good an excuse as any.
Dean just smiles, which is actually somehow
"I'm telling you, that's a bad idea," Jenny says.
“No, I’m definitely worrying about it,” Sam says. “What’s going on with you? That’s the third time you’ve gone running off in two days. What’s going on with you, Dean?”
"You too."
CastieI glances at Charlie, but they look just as confused as he is. After a pause, he asks a tentative, "I'm sorry, who is this?"
"So we're Romeo and Juliet," Dean interrupts. "We can work with that."
"Oh, no, that's fine," Sam says. "I just got a
Dean looks around, confused, but all he sees in the trees is his brother running towards him. As glad as he is to have his brother around, right now, he just wants to see Cas again.
know what happened?” Charlie asks. “You’ve been really keeping me in the dark about… well, everything -- and I promise I won’t get mad.”
“Are you trying to tell me that you’ve been avoiding me because, what, you’re
"That was
Jody looks at Dean, which is all the confirmation he needs that she's okay with it. As long as
hopes he doesn't run into any of the Hunters here.
gets his way. It's great when Castiel
Ben puts a piece of that in another plastic container. “And what else?”
“You too, Mom,” Sam says.
"Isn't it?" Dean repeats, quieter this time. He brushes his thumb against Castiel's cheekbone, and he shudders. "You know, I have nowhere to be for at least a few hours."
Castiel looks through the open door at his partner. “I’ll see you in a few, okay?”
As they're heading in, it occurs to Castiel that he completely neglected to introduce his two friends, so he does that briefly. He can feel their mutual unease immediately. A cop and a lawyer who happens to be the brother of the most infamous gangster in the state? They never had a chance of getting along.
It takes a few minutes for Castiel to work up the nerve to break the silence despite knowing there’s a good chance he’ll get shut down immediately. He turns around in his seat and asks quietly, “Hey, you okay?”
Castiel cocks his head to the side. This is a
"Hey, boys," Dorothy says with a smile. "I was wondering how long it would take for you to stop by."
"Let's try to get you cleaned up," CastieI says. "Can you take your flannel off?"
Dean had never thought to do this before, but in the moment, it just feels natural. He presses their lips together. Clearly taken aback, it takes Cas a few seconds to kiss him back, and when he does, it’s like
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Dean says, not an ounce of sincerity in his voice, “I just got
any, the cops don't know it so there's nothing stopping me from just putting a bullet in their heads if they start causing problems."
when he was younger, but he’s never made it this far. Even with Gordon leading them, he’s still afraid he could get shot at any moment. He’d like to think the Vamps trust each other enough that they wouldn’t shoot the two men Gordon is escorting through the premises, but they’re not the most civilized group of people.
Castiel reaches back for the letters he brought with him. It really feels like they've reached their final goodbye, and he doesn't want to drag it out any longer than he has to. He finds himself hesitating, though. Jack means a lot to him, and it seems the feeling is mutual. As much as Castiel wants to stay out of this gang stuff, he can’t bring himself to leave Jack in the dust like this. Even with Lucifer, Gabriel, and Dean around, it still feels like he’s just leaving the kid all on his own. He can’t do that.
Castiel nods. “Another perk of having a cop boyfriend: bulletproof vests.” He’d like to think Dean’s only experience with bulletproof vests comes from television. He likely doesn’t realize that all they do is keep you
Castiel doesn't know any of the lyrics, but he will admit that seeing Charlie living their best life brightens his day. He doesn't even care who's in that limo. He knows for a fact that they aren't as cool as Charlie (unless it
He picks it up and unfolds it. There's a note written on it, hastily scrawled in capital letters. Castiel knows before he reads the signature that it's from Dean. The fact that it was written in all capital letters is a dead giveaway, but more importantly than that, it's a goddamn note that appeared in his locked house while he was at work. Who else would it be from?
Charlie takes a deep breath just for show and tries again. "You said you were with Dean Winchester for six years. Why did it take you six years to leave?"
independent, no matter how hard he tries to be. It's hard to carry things with crutches, for one; if he tries too hard to act like a fully-functioning human being, he's doubtlessly going to drop something.
“He just
“I was wondering the same thing about you,” Cas says. “This should be everything you wanted. It’s
"I'm assuming the same goes for your uncle?" CastieI guesses. He almost says 'other uncle,' but he catches himself before he does. Charlie doesn't need to know that.
“Charlie!” Dean beams, jogging over to her window to greet her. “What are you doing here?”
Dean’s eyes widen. “You see them, too?”
The old man chuckles. “Yes, you’ve caught us at a bad time, I’m afraid. If I’d known you were visiting today, I would have cleaned up.”
“Oh, come on, Cas,” Benny says mockingly. “Share with the class. I promise we’ll only hurt you if it’s
know that they’re not supposed to leave yet.
take over for you."
"My worst nightmare," Castiel deadpans. "Thanks for noticing."
Castiel cocks his head to the side. "I thought you were good with this. The Vamps are far worse than the Hunters. It's a good trade." Dean for the leader of the Vamps? He'd agree to that any day, even if he wasn't an ex-Hunter.
Castiel bites his lip. Talk about shitty timing. "I just wanted to let you know that I got home okay. I, uh…" He eyes Dean cautiously. The man just turns off the TV, then looks up at him with a stupid fucking smile on his face. He’s up to something, which means what Castiel says to his friend next is probably not a good idea. "I think I'm gonna take a nap — you know, long day and all — but I'll pick you up tomorrow?"
"I dunno," Charlie says. "I mean, especially the hair…" They let out a low whistle. "Maybe Dean was onto something with that, because the sex hair look really works on you."
Dean grits his teeth and storms away. Castiel lets out a quiet sigh of relief. At least he's not dead. He's not sure he'll still be able to say that by the time Dean is done here, but for now, he's still breathing.
"No."
Charlie reaches over to give him a playful pat on the head. "I know. I hate work and shit, too."
"Oh, hey!" Sam says with a smile. "How have you been?"
"Look, I thought I saw something and then I didn't," Dean says. "Honest mistake."
"Only if he sits next to me," Lucifer says, already moving his chair over.
Jack shrugs. "I've seen
Castiel scoffs. "What was disgusting?"
"We will," Sam assures her. "We'll have the whole family together in no time."
we can go upstairs."
The man slips his gun under Castiel's chin and gently raises his head, and Castiel is forced to meet his gaze. "Hey, babe."
And she’s not the only one here. She’s sitting at the bar with Bobby on one side and Jo on the other, each with a drink in front of them. God, it’s good to see their faces again. It’s been a decade since he last saw them, and so much has changed since then. There’s so much he wants to fill them in on -- and hopefully they come with stories of their own; he’d hate for him and Sam to do
"I'm —"
. He doesn't deserve this.
"They found me at McDonald's, actually," Dean says. "Didn't even let me finish my fries." He clicks his tongue. "Not the nicest guys, I'll tell you that."
"Oh." Jack thinks about that for a moment. "I guess you have a point."
And then, of course, there are things he just doesn't want to admit. There are crimes he's committed, people he's hurt; things he's ashamed to say once seemed normal to him. There are also things that would be easy to say, but that would open up a whole new can of worms that he'd rather not touch.
"I can get most of the Vamps together," Dean says, "but if they see you guys sniffing around, they're gonna scatter like rats."
"It doesn't matter," Jack says, and Castiel is relieved (though not surprised in the slightest) that Jack knows not to answer.
"Exactly," CastieI says. "I'm sure they'd treat him anyway, but I don't know if we'd get him back afterwards." And if anyone found out that he was a Hunter, the cops might try to get information out of him — and knowing how much Lucifer loves his family, they might actually succeed if the guy heard they had his son.
Castiel and Charlie take a celebratory trip to Olive Garden, but nothing of interest happens there so let's just skip ahead to when Charlie drops him off. He waves them off and heads inside…
doesn't trust himself to talk about Cas. He knows the guy's alive — or at least that Bobby says he is — but that doesn't mean shit until they meet again. Until he sees Cas's face, until he hears Cas's voice, it's going to feel like he's still gone. Hell, if he's being honest, he's not even sure Cas
"This type of thing happens to Hunters all the time," Dean interrupts. "Relax. If he says he's fine, he's fine."
"Who is it?" Charlie asks, peering over his shoulder.
Castiel just laughs. Oh, what a dumbass — but they're
"Joe!"
helping, just a little bit. At least he can lighten the mood where she's concerned, because Castiel sure as hell doesn't have the people skills for it.
CastieI turns to his other friend. If Jack was going to try to clean up their mess, the least Castiel could do it go along with it -- and he probably
," she says, "but then I'd have to go at it alone and I don't really feel like picking up dead-you's slack."
She nods sympathetically. "What happened? You still hung up on the whole Target thing yesterday?"
Lucifer's response to that is a big grin. "It's about goddamn time those fuckers got what was coming to them. I wish he could've killed him — and I wish I could've helped — but this is more than good enough for me."
“A pissed-off uncle.”
" Castiel waves that off.
Dean be paying him a late-night visit at this exact moment after not seeing him for months?
CastieI scoffs. "I'm sorry, I didn't realize I owed you a list of my sins. You got a pen and some paper? This might take a while."
aware. It's the only thing he's been able to think about since he saw the guy.
"If he has his soul back, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt with that," Mary says.
Dean does not, in fact, let go of him.
the other Hunters. At least, not because of this.”
From this distance, he can't quite make out who he's looking at. He can make out the two figures, though, and the fact that the taller one is dressed in black is enough for Dean to know it's not Cas. The shorter one wears a lighter ensemble, but not one reminiscent of Cas's infamous trenchcoat. Unless Cas decides to give himself a makeover, he's not here.
"That's what I like to hear," Dean says, beaming. "Cas, you coming, too?"
." He is
“It sounds great,” Castiel assures him. He definitely does like chocolate.
nice to see you again, but I think I’ve overstayed my welcome.”
Castiel rolls his eyes. “It’s a blessing in disguise, Gordon. Call it…” He clicks his tongue. “Manipulating the system.”
“What can I say?” Castiel says. “I know when to pick my battles, and this is
sorry to cut our movie marathon short," Castiel interrupts, "but you need to leave."
Castiel just nods. Oh, yes, he is
Dean only half-listens as they talk. It's all the same stuff Sam said at the Roadhouse, and while Dean is just as happy for him now as he was the day before, he is, admittedly, much less interested. He's just glad Sam was happy.
have to ask you not to."
Castiel eyes him skeptically.
"Better?" CastieI asks.
shooting anyone…"
"Probably," Castiel agrees.
Jody turns to go. As she's opening the door, she murmurs to Castiel a sarcastic, "Charmer, isn't he?"
Castiel chuckles. "It
"I bet it's Rihanna," Charlie says. "That's totally Rihanna."
"Because…" Dean tosses the jeans back on the bed, then uses his free hand to point to each ring individually. "My dad's wedding band, my mom's wedding band, and my mom's engagement ring. They were all in the safe deposit box in my dad’s name.” With a small smile, he adds, “I don't know how it's been getting paid for all these years because I sure as hell haven't been paying for it, but when I found out they were there…" He shrugs. "I figured I might as well take 'em back, so I did."
CastieI just clenches his jaw walks away, leaving Charlie in the dust without so much as a second glance. This was
Castiel cocks his head to the side. "Thank you?"
“This is not optional,” Lucifer says sternly. “
Jack pauses, confused. “Lonely?”
"We're not sending you in there blind," Jody says, once again proving that the hardest part is getting the two of them to agree.
They barely make it two steps before the first gunshot goes off. In the midst of all the screams, the most Castiel can muster is a sigh. He was
us." He gives Cas a shove with that, and it stings more than he cares to admit.
"I'm fine," Dean assures her. "I'm — I'm great. Really." He plasters a smile on his face. "Now, what are we standing around here for? Didn't you say there'd be food?"
"I lied," Castiel says. "Jack's been at my place since Friday."
a fucked-up human being,” Castiel whispers back.
, at least, once upon a time — a family. CastieI had assumed he'd want to shield this from the cops, but from Dean, too? What could be so bad that even Dean can't know?
Castiel resists the urge to glance at the one-way mirror. He knows this is a strange conversation to overhear just in general; he doesn't want to get Charlie dragged into it. "No, she wasn't."
Dean lets out a long breath. “Yeah, I guess so.”
CastieI falls asleep in Dean's arms that night.
Castiel has never been this deep in Vamp territory before. He’s been on the outskirts, usually trying to get his kicks in because it felt like
But now that it’s over, now that Castiel has shut that door, he supposes there’s no reason he can’t read the note from his brothers. He knows it’s going to hurt, but he wants to know what they had to say to him after all these years. He grabs the letter and unfolds it -- and holy
“I guess.”
been avoiding you.”
“There is
"It's a flannel, Sam," Castiel says. "You should know that. You wear 'em all the time." He's actually not sure Sam wears flannels all the time anymore now that he's a fancy schmancy lawyer, but he’s wearing flannel now, at least. Castiel would like to think that means he still dresses like a lumberjack on his off days.
Except that the prophet Chuck Shurley screams all night in unimaginable pain (unimaginable to humans; Raphael could see which neurons caused him pain and for how long and could report it to Michael afterwards). Except that he writes, and what he writes is not what has happened, not what happens. In his visions this Righteous Man breaks, and Chuck Shurley is a prophet, and his visions are the word of God. Perhaps for the first time in millennia, Michael is given an order.
Sam gasped.
Dean interrupts him.
‘We can always stay a moment and let you two fight it out,’ Crowley offers to him, like a treat, and that makes something coil in the pit of your stomach, but instead of showing it you let a smirk grace your face.
"Gabe, why are you back?" Sam interrupted suddenly.
Castiel complied and put the trench coat on the bed side table.
Dean and Castiel decided to go first. Dean wanted to make sure it would be alright before throwing Sammy in and Castiel wanted to give Gabe time in case he wanted an out. The two men lay on the floor hand in hand. They closed their eyes and Jack pulled their souls out of their bodies.
"That's not good enough. We can't just wait for a threat to show up and what if you can’t get him out? Jack, if you are figuring out a solution for us to live longer, you need to figure something out for Cas as well. I'm not letting him die like this again." Dean said bluntly.
"Why did you come back? You said you wanted to live your life and enjoy your sex-capades." Sam said, cringing at the last word. Gabe turned to Dean and Cas for help but Dean just shrugged and Castiel gave him a thumbs up. This got a laugh from Dean at his dorky little angel.
"Dean was raised in a homophobic environment so he constantly felt the need to prove himself. It took us just as long to get together and he is the one that missed Jack the most after he left. He could even be in the room when Jack died the first time." Sam replied.
"Because, I am who I am because of them."
"Sam! It's alright. That wasn't Dean. That was just a bad memory." Gabriel explained as he put Sam into bed.
“So how did you know I was real? Was it because I said I love you?” Dean asked, wrapping his arms around Cas.
"No, it's fine. I just want to know how you know."
"I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you." Dean repeated over and over again. He began sobbing into Cas' chest and held on to him as much as he could. Castiel gently wrapped his hands around Dean's waist, not exactly reciprocating the hug with enthusiasm.
"Sam will. Gabriel is working with Rowena in hell. After their history, I do not believe Sam would be okay with them being alone. He will insist on going to hell with Gabriel and it's only a matter of time until he gets curious to meet your father."
Soon the fun began. Charlie got Dean drunk, which, albeit was not a difficult task. When he was loose enough to let down his guard, karaoke began. Charlie, fully aware of Dean’s secret obsession with Taylor Swift, made him sing Love Story. Dean started the song with the spotlight on Cas. He serenaded his new husband and ended up dancing with and kissing him by the end of the song.
“Oh I haven’t actually looked at my phone yet“ Gabe said in the background.
"Hey Rowena, we aren't here on business. We wanted a personal favor." Gabe said.
“I do.” Cas beamed at Dean.
"Sam. Are you sure you can do this? Do you really think you can handle what you'll see in there?" Gabe asked, doubting his plan.
"Will you be joining me?" Dean teased.
“He was but then he knocked on our door after you fell asleep. He seemed to be in much distress and he looked very disheveled, sort of how you look after a fight. Sam turned to go away but I invited him in since he looked so worried. He didn’t say much, but he looked much more relieved when he saw you. Then he just left.”
“Anytime, I just wish I could’ve seen his face“
Dean and Castiel had been dating for about eight months. Cas always joined them on hunts in case they needed someone needed to be healed. They had family night and Castiel was able to convince Jack to come down for them. Although Dean and Sam had extended their welcome to Jack when he became God, he was still guilty. He decided to put things right before he came back. Now, every Thursday, Dean, Castiel, Sam, Eileen, Jack and Gabriel would meet in the bunker for movies or games or maybe pizza and beer.
"Alright, well that seems simple enough. Why not just do it?" Castiel asked.
"Let's all take a seat." Dean said. Sam and Gabe took their seats on the dining table and Dean and Cas sat across from them. Jack took his time, grabbing some coffee and sitting down next to Dean. The archangels reached over to hold the hands of their human halves.
"How's Dean?" Sam asked at the same time. Castiel waited for Sam to reply.
Dean flew out the door before Sam could even stop. He was walking down the steps to the map room when he froze. He saw Castiel looking at the scratch marks on the table. Dean’s eyes welled up.
“What did she look like?”
Castiel opened his eyes. It took him a moment to register how close he was to Dean. As soon as he did, he pulled back.
"I mixed a sleeping pill in his whiskey the night you snuck out." Sam was finally at a loss of words. He grabbed his coat and wallet and walked out.
“Why are you telling me this now?” Billie was now completely forgotten. Yet Dean had never been so scared in his entire life.
Cas did his kiss ritual, trying his best to erase his father’s touch from Dean’s memories.
kiss on his lips.
"And you think Cas and I can be happy without each other?" Dean questioned.
"Come on, Dean let's get you in the shower. You will feel more refreshed and then we can finish the breakfast." Castiel said.
“I love you, too, Cas. You have me. You always had me.”
"You did this! You made him run away." John yelled. There was a note on the motel room night table which Sam recognized instantly. It was the goodbye note he had left Dean when he left for Stanford. Dean flinched as he heard heavy footsteps approach him. He took a shaky breath preparing for what was to come. This time the loud slap was replaced by a thud as Sam tackled John to the ground.
Gabe gave an ‘I-told-you-so’ look. "See what I mean? You can't help but defend the person who raised you. It takes a lot to admit they were wrong. Especially if they have wronged you. I am in no way comparing what Dean did with what John did but you have to understand this from Dean's point of view. It is so much easier to believe that you deserve punishment when you are constantly being punished than to believe that God is cruel enough to punish you for no reason. He convinced himself that he was wrong because that was easier on him. As far as Dean not telling you anything, he did that to protect you. I would be lying if I said I wouldn't do the same thing for Cassie."
"Hey! That line was for me. Did you just confess your love to Sammy?" Dean joked as he entered the room, wings promptly tucked away. Castiel smiled and kissed him in response. Sam was just stunned by everything Cas has said. Dean threw a questioning look at Castiel upon seeing Sam so perplexed. Castiel silently communicated to Dean that he would fill him in during the night.
"You see her everyday?" Sam's voice was getting meeker. Gabriel nodded in response.
Castiel, Dean and Jack felt exhausted after undergoing the ‘hybrid transformation’ as Dean called it. Jack knew that if he used up any more of his energy, he would not have enough power to keep the universe running. They came to the consensus that everyone would stay in heaven for the night and Sam and Gabriel would get their turn tomorrow. Jack headed to his room to lie down. He thought that sleep may help him restore his energy quicker. Dean and Castiel decided to have a beer before going to bed and went to the kitchen. This left Gabriel and Sam alone who decided to head down to the library.
"Are you alright, Sam? You look distressed." Cas asked.
"I know that. I just think it would be best if we go out separate ways after this. Maybe some space will help. Either way, I know I have to go through this. If anyone deserves to be happy, it's the three of you. I won't compromise that by being selfish again."
(See the end of the chapter for
“We were raised to be warriors, trained to fight without emotions. My father was the leader yet he was rarely present. My siblings and I had to take care of ourselves, grooming each other. Very rarely were we allowed in the outside world. Even when we were, it was under strict orders. If we messed around, we paid a price.”
Sam practically leapt out of his seat in surprise.
"This might take me a few hours. I need to create the humanity-grace pair and make sure it's compatible with all four of your souls." Jack said.
“What was your wife’s name?” Gabe responded.
“Absolutely not. I had to fight so many of my own brothers and sisters once I left. Thankfully, Dean always had my back.” Whatever Cas had said wasn’t exactly the truth but he said it with so much sincerity, even Dean believed this story. Dean looked away from Cas, forcing himself to calm down before he started tearing up.
"Where is your girlfriend? Shouldn't she be helping you with this?" Gabe asked. It was Sam's turn to be confused now. He looked at Castiel and Dean and got the opposite reaction. Castiel shrugged and Dean gave a thumbs up before Cas burst out laughing. 'Those idiots planned that over angel radio.' Sam thought.
"The pizza man." Castiel replied simply. Dean let out a laugh as his eyes met Castiel.
Jack pulled back. "Nothing's wrong. I just... You know how I am everywhere and nowhere?" Jack asked, unsure of how to approach the delicate topic.
"We all did at one point or another. You also made him feel human."
“You can sit by our waiting area, that may be more comfortable for you than standing.” Brandon gestured to Sam and Dean. Sam nodded but Dean was a bit more stubborn.
A couple of hours later, they had a reception at Harvelles where they took the time to greet their family. They saw Charlie, Bobby, Marry, Jody, Donna, Patience, Alex, Claire, Ash, Ellen, Garth and everyone else they came across. Yet the grooms couldn’t help but sneak glances towards each other. Finally, it was time for the toasts, which ended up sounding more like roasts, but it was still very sweet. Gabriel and Sam gifted them the picture of their first kiss and the video of their proposal. Technically, it was Gabe’s recording but since they were on Sam’s phone, it was from the both of them. The night featured the couple dancing to the songs on the mixed tape Dean had made years ago.
"Holy shit, Cas. Where did you learn how to do that?" Dean asked, his eyes still closed, relishing the pleasure.
"Dean, I'm here. You found me and it hasn't even been a couple of months since I died. I love you so much and I will be here as long as you want me to be. Of course Sam wouldn't be okay if you died on a hunt. It would hurt him just as much as it would hurt you if roles were reversed. Thank Jack he saved you because otherwise, that would have been Sam's future. I told you before, Dean, you deserve to be loved. Not just by me, by your brother and son and well." Castiel responded.
"Promise me you'll be back by the time I come out?" Dean asked.
“Woah, woah, woah!” Dean said, stepping between them. “What is going on? Aren’t you supposed to be dead?” He turned his head from Sam to Gabriel.
"Yes, please, I would also like something to remember you by." Castiel said.
"But I..." Sam tried to look for a reason to avoid being bonded to Gabriel but he couldn't really argue with this. He knew if he said no Dean wouldn't do it either. After Dean's latest not-so-near death experience, Sam wasn't willing to risk it.
"Well, he can't at the moment so go help him." Cas said. They nudged him towards the library where they found Sam scratching his wing against the edge of a bookshelf. His face was contorted, the annoyance evident.
her that I wouldn't be seeing you anytime soon and she just laughed. But I do want to tell you, your father isn't there. Your mom is with a version of him that is meant for heaven
The three of them sat down to have their brunch. Castiel even whipped up mimosas because he had seen girls drink it for brunch when he was Steve. Dean laughed as he took a sip.
“I’m worried!” Dean exclaimed.
"I was hoping it wouldn't come to this but I know something that will help. Just remember, it's not therapist endorsed." Gabe took Sam's hand and flew out of the room.
"Thank Jack you're back, Cas. Dean has been moping around in your trench coat all day. Please talk to him. I genuinely don’t know how he would have survived the week. He's in the Dean Cave." Sam said.
"Okay, are you two ready?" Jack asked.
Dean would have never picked Valentine's Day if he remembered. Somehow, it went over his head this time until it was too late.
They quieted down for a couple of minutes while Dean finished his breakfast.
"Oh, Dean, I heard you had 'the talk' with Jack. Care to explain?" Castiel said.
"Yeah, me too. This way, we get to save more people without constantly putting ourselves at risk." Sam agreed.
"You know I hated him. You had just died and the only person I could blame was Jack. I made myself see him as this evil spawn of the devil and I just wanted him dead. But then he brought you back. I started seeing your kindness and goodness in him. I was so terrified when I saw him cough up the blood. The only time I felt fear like that is when Sam used to get sick while dad was on hunts. It was just when we had begun to bond."
"So you wouldn't flinch when someone yells. So you would have the spirit to fight back and escape. So you wouldn't see yourself as 'daddy's blunt little instrument'. What Dean did was keep you from turning into him."
“Wow, that’s incredible. You know, since you are new here, if you ever want more friends, I could give you my number.” Dean caught the flirty edge to Brandon’s voice. Cas, much to Dean’s dismay, didn’t.
“Ummm…”
"Okay... Let's get back on track." Gabriel interjected, reading the room correctly for once.
"I don't know what I did to have you as a brother but thank you for protecting me." Sam said, pulling back.
"Wait, really?" Sam asked.
"Hmmm?"
"Are you sure you don't want me or Cas as back up? Gabe's never hunted before. What if either of you get hurt?" Dean hesitated.
"Because it's not that simple. The universe must be in a natural balance. Everytime humanity bonds with grace, grace bonds with humanity. They are opposites and need to be dealt with very carefully." Jack explained.
Castiel turned a deep shade of read while Sam looked away from second hand embarrassment. The original team free will finish their brunch in silence. Sam went to research the case while Dean and Castiel did the dishes.
"Alright, Castiel. Thank you so much. What if the two of you spend the day together and you come back up tomorrow night? I will have a much better idea of the assistance I require then."
“No can do. It’s his first haircut and I am going to stay by his side.”
"Yes, alright, what do you have so far?" Castiel asked.
A moment of silence passed over them until Sam broke it. "How did you do it? How did you see Dean with all those girls? Just thinking about him with Rowena makes me want to march down to hell, myself."
"Baby, I need you."
"Yes. I broke up with Eileen. I love her but I also have feelings for G..."
"Stop saying things like that in front of Jack!" Castiel scolded.
Dean and Castiel made Fridays date nights. They would take turns planning a nice evening for the other person. For the first couple of months, the couple refused to leave the bunker. The outside world always seemed to want to keep them apart, and it had succeeded for 12 years. Dean and Cas felt safe in their own little bubble. Finally, they had run out of things to do in the bunker (and places to do “it” in). One night, they decided on making pizza and a part of their date included going to the grocery store together. It was baby steps, but they got there. For their last date, Cas flew them to Texas to spend the day at 6 flags. Normally, he would find it hard to top that but he had been planning this date night for the past three months.
"I promise. Now go." Dean got up and went to the bathroom. Meanwhile Castiel used angel radio to track Sam down. Gabriel informed him that Sam drove for an hour and a half and stopped in the middle of nowhere. He quickly flew there and caught up with them. He found Sam just standing there in silence. By the sweat dripping down his forehead, Castiel could tell that Sam had taken out his feelings in some form of aggression. Castiel approached him cautiously after receiving a nod from Jack and Gabriel.
"You have nothing to apologize for. We were not in a committed relationship so you didn't break any rules."
Cas was sleeping peacefully in Dean’s room when Dean decided to step outside. It was too much to see Cas like this. The last time Dean had seen Cas anywhere near this position, Dean was getting ready to burn Cas’ body. He took a shaky breath and walked out of the room to calm himself down. He went to the library and sat down with a drink. Sam, hearing Dean’s footsteps followed him in.
"Dean, are you alright?" Castiel asked.
“Oh, alright,” Brandon let out an awkward laugh. “You can join us, I can find us two stations so you can sit with him.” Dean nodded and he and Cas followed Brandon to their seats. Brandon put a bib around Cas and ran his fingers through his hair to get a feel of what he was working with.
"Who said soulmates had to be romantic? Soulmates are just two souls that are entangled. They can be enemies, friends or lovers. Humans just like to romanticize everything." Gabriel said. "You can continue your vanilla relationships and I can continue my sex-capades."
“See for yourself.” Dean pulled out his cell phone and dialed Sam.
The glare Castiel threw him shut him up fast. "I'm sorry, you used the angel blade on Jack?! He flew into the door so hard he broke it?!" he repeated in frustration and disbelief.
Dean nodded but then did a double take. "Wait, three?"
"I'll go with him. Give the three of you some time." Gabriel said.
“I think they would all look great on you, buddy.” Dean said. He couldn’t resist anymore so reached out to hold Cas’ wrist. Thankfully, Cas let out a soft sigh but didn’t comment. Dean felt his nerves going down. Dean kept his eyes on Cas as Cas carefully studied each hair cut.
"She didn't want to come back. Before Jack instilled his no interference policy, Jack wanted to make everything right. He created a special heaven for creatures like Garth, got Keven
"I'm not. However, I am a one moose angel." Gabe responded. Sam blushed in response. They looked back to see Dean and Castiel still trying to compose themselves.
“Of course!” Cas beamed. He turned to Dean, hoping Dean would be proud of how well he was getting along with actual people. He had even made a friend!
"I don't know how to tell him, Cas. Hell, I don't even know what to tell him." Dean said in a broken voice.
“Did you set that as my alarm?” Sam asked, reaching to turn it off. “It’s not funny.”
Gabriel popped back into the library just in time for Sam to shut his laptop. He let out a frustrated sigh as his head collapsed into his palms resting on the table. Gabriel came up behind Sam and gently started rubbing his shoulders.
“I… I’m so…” Dean began to apologize.
"I can't say you hating him or wanting him dead was okay by any means but I do know that it pushed Jack to want to be better. Sam and I would have let him get away with almost anything but you made him want to do good and that isn't nothing."
"Dean WHAT?" Castiel said for the second time that day.
“We are going to be dads. We get to do it right this time.” Dean said.
"Wait, so how did you have the talk with Sam?" Jack asked.
"Ummm okay?"
"You are not a monster." Jack said.
“You son of a bitch!” Dean yelled just as Sam opened the door. He could tell that the two of them were in their own world. He didn’t even bother to greet Cas as he made his way around his brother and headed to the kitchen. It wasn’t his turn yet but Sam would get to welcome his friend back soon.
After going over everything, the five men decided to take a break and get dinner. Dean treated Jack to a double cheeseburger and gave him the largest slice of apple pie. It was a shock to everyone there. Dean knew he would have to have a real conversation with Jack soon but for now, he settled on showing his love through actions instead. Gabriel decided to head out for the night. It had been a while since he had fun on Earth and he took the time to get reacquainted with his surroundings. This left Team Free Will 2.0 alone in the bunker.
"I'm on cloud 9 today. Also I need to tell you something."
“Can you hand the phone back to Sam, please? We need to come up with a plan.” Cas asked.
“I love you too.” He mumbled in Cas’ ear.
"Bitch," Dean retorted, bursting into laughter.
“I know that, Sammy. I also know that if we stay here, we will never fully retire. ‘It’s just a salt and burn.’ ‘We’ll just go as back up.’ Something will always pull us back in.”
"You kids have fun. Make sure to use protection" Dean called, amused.
"You know you don't have to do this right? You have been an archangel your entire existence. This would be a huge demotion." Sam said.
Sam lifted his head up and gestured for Gabe to take a seat next to him.
"Yeah, I'm fine. I was just being stupid and paranoid. I should go." Sam said, regretting going there.
He pointed to a long scar running across his upper back. Castiel reached out to trace it. Somehow, that made the story easier to tell. Dean was going to be able to associate better memories with his body and let the painful ones fade.
"Alrighty then. Who am I to object? Gabriel, you know the way. Take Samuel to him."
"Well, what if you make them angels? That way, they create their own grace. They won't have humanity to deal with at all." Gabriel asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
The three of them walked inside. Sam went to speak to the front desk about availability and Cas wandered off to look at hair styles he could get. Dean followed him and tried his hardest to keep his arm from wrapping around Cas. It was just a trip to a hair salon, yet he was so worried. Dean thought it was ridiculous because he had been less worried about some hunts than he was right now. Cas, on the other hand, beamed. He was glad to get out of the bunker and be in a new environment for once. Sure, he was nervous, but he knew he could handle it.
"Well, I was thinking about giving Dean and Sam some powers so they are not at a disadvantage when they are fighting monsters. It would be like your grace where they can heal themselves and fly to places to get in and out quicker. They would still age and live like humans.
"I love you too." Castiel responded automatically.
"Cas! You're back! Get your feather ass over here, you ass butt!" Dean exclaimed.
"Dean, he abused you and Sam for your entire childhood, neglected you and made some pretty poor choices. It's difficult for God to allow homophobic people in heaven if God's
"I thought you weren't a one man angel?" Sam said.
"Anyways, I thought you would like to know that your little witch friend is doing just fine. She is helping us start a reform program in hell."
"No, you shouldn't have died. Not now." Jack turned to his angel assistant. "How did this happen?"
“Dean, I understand you had to say what you did to summon the Empty last night. That was quick thinking but you don’t have to lie to me to make me feel better. I know you do not return my feelings…”
"Oops I should not have said that."
“It was wonderful, Dean.” Cas said with his gummy grin.
"Sure."
“I’ll explain later. Can you two meet us back at the bunker?”
Dean was having a panic attack. He was shaking and gasping for air while the tears wouldn't stop running down his face. All he could hear was every insult his father threw at him. Dean felt like he was taking every beating all over again, simultaneously. Castiel held on tightly trying to sooth Dean.
"Cas, I know Gabe lashed out to get Sammy's attention. I know that because I have lashed out the same way. Sometimes I paraded those girls to get a reaction out of you. That's why I keep apologizing, because a part of me did it to hurt you. I know Gabe cares a lot about my brother but he is still immature like I was. Plus, I trust your judgement Cas. I also know you would do everything in your power to keep him from getting hurt. I'm just glad we won't have to face dad. He would not be thrilled at all." Dean said.
Dean scratched his wings and made a face.
“Yes, how could I forget, Dean? This day changed my life.” Castiel replied.
"I hated leaving you with her. I wanted to be the one to take care of you when we left you in that mental hospital. When we were at Bobby's and she told me that you would pick her
"Just because he isn't romantically interested in you doesn't mean he doesn't care."
"Oh, come in Sammy, does it really matter?"
"Cas, I love you. I can't lose you again. Every time you promise me you won't leave, something rips us apart. Each time we are separated is worse than the last." Cas took Dean's hand and  stoked the area between his thumb and index finger, assuring Dean that he was still here. Dean put put his head on Castiel's shoulder and tried to adjust for a couple of minutes. "Can you take the trench coat off, it feels weird?"
Dean’s heart clenched as he waited, helpless. Nothing happened. Cas’ moment of happiness was broken. Fear flooded Cas as relief filled Dean. It took him a moment but Dean finally realized why the Empty hadn’t come.
Castiel felt Gabriel's defences going up. He knew that wasn't a good sign.
"We could watch a movie in the Dean Cave! Ms. Butters restored the TV."
"No, I promise I am not leaving. However, as you know, I have healed every scar you have gotten on a hunt or by a supernatural being. There are scars I haven't healed because you have asked me not to. Even when I rebuilt your body, I knew you wanted to keep those scars. The first thing I rebuilt was your mind. I have witnessed every memory you have and I know didn't want me to heal your father's scars." Castiel felt Dean stiffen in his arms. He started running his fingers up and down Dean's arm, applying a bit of pressure to reassure him that Cas was still there.
“Dean, you remind me of a hindi quote: doodh ka jala chaash bhi phook phook kar pita hai. It means that if a man is burned by hot milk, he will start to blow on even buttermilk to cool it down.”
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
“Hi, Dean. So I was thinking about wedding day for the living room, cake frosting for our bedroom and first dance for the Dean cave. What do you think?”
"Well, I had a certain angel remind me that 'I am who I am despite these scars, not because of them'. Yeah, he also showed me what type of scars I should have so I just wanted to make more room for them." Dean said, pulling the top of his shirt down to reveal the love bite he received last night.
"When was the last time?" Sam asked. This time his voice was stern. He felt guilty for yelling last time but he needed answers.
"What's wrong kid?" Dean asked, still running his hands up and down his son's back in an attempt to comfort him.
“What?” Cas’ stomach dropped as he turned around to face Dean.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Dean, I meant that. I know you do not feel the same way which is why I let you have your space after Jack brought me back..."
"We missed ya, kid." Dean said. Jack just knew that he was forgiven.
"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have yelled. I can't even imagine the memories that must have brought. But Dean, I'm your brother. I need to know."
three dads are not straight."
“I… ummm… I felt the Empty.” Jack admitted. It struck Dean that Jack had known about the deal.
“Oops. You just saved my butt right there. I could never live it down if that’s how he finds out. I’m just glad that I have been referring to him as 'idiot' in my thoughts." Castiel chuckled.
“Are you sure? Is he with you?” Jack asked again.
“When Jack was dying, I… I made a deal to save him.” Cas looked down, knowing Dean would be disappointed.
"You have my word." Jack said.
Dean sighed and willed himself to believe Castiel's words.
"Yeah, after that dream, I slept like a baby. I haven't slept like that since Mom..." he trailed off.
"Eggs and some of that veggie bacon." Dean answered as Cas and Gabirel made their way over to the coffee. Cas silently told Gabe to look out for Sam after breakfast. Gabe nodded at the ominous message and asked if everything was alright. Cas just shook his head.
Comments and kudos are always welcome! I hope you like that apple pie life Dean has created.
Dean got up from his chair and pulled his angel into a kiss.
“What are you talking about, man?” There was a large bang at the door.
"What am I supposed to say to you? You already know everything."
"Yeah Castiel, that's easy for you to say when Dean practically has his tongue down your throat. We walked in on Sam and Eileen playing tonsils hockey. That really doesn't sound like he cares about me at all."
“Cas!” Dean said louder as he heard Billie bang the door again. Cas looked up to meet Dean’s eyes. Dean saw the fear he had felt less than a moment ago.
“You beat me to it, but I would still like to say my speech, if you don’t mind.” Cas said, sitting back down. Dean beamed through his tears.
"I know. I missed you too. But there was a lot going on: bringing Castiel back, redesigning heaven and hell, taking control as God. And, I was unsure if I was still welcome." Jack admitted.
“I’ll be right back.” he said, taking the call outside.
"But what about what Jack said with the soulmate?"
"What? You can make out with someone and I can't? I was tortured for years. It's only natural that I wanted to have a bit of fun."
“Dean, you need to chill. You can’t be suspicious of everyone that Cas encounters.”
"No, Sam. Let him sleep." But Sam was already in the hallway. Gabe used angel radio to warn Cas that Sam was on his way to see Dean. He, then, adjusted himself onto the bed.
So who's proposal did you like better?
“Well, he is doing a lot worse than you. If you think I’m annoying, you should check out your brother.” Dean laughed.
"Yeah, but can we exchange our coats again? I miss my trench coat."
"In hell, he is doomed to relive those memories until he shows any amount of remorse." Castiel said.
"Jack's here? Let's go!" Dean stood up almost dropping Castiel to the floor.
"What I'm saying is that when it comes to love, happiness and pain go hand in hand. Until the moment the empty took me, I had always chosen the pain. Seeing Dean hook up with others hurt, seeing him pick Lisa over me was painful," Dean's head snapped up at that moment. He took Castiel's hand, offering a silent apology. "But, loving him is what kept me happy and you have to use that to keep going until the 'idiot' gets his senses back. And Sam, don't forget I'm not the only angel who died for love." Sam nodded. He was in a daze when we walked out of the room. He needed to think and he needed some fresh air. Silence hung over the room as Sam left the bunker.
(See the end of the chapter for
They went over to the dining room as Dean made some breakfast and Castiel assisted.
"Gabriel. You can't run away from your responsibilities. You promised to bond to him and then you go flying off? He needs help adjusting to this as I'm sure you do too." Castiel said.
"It will be fine. They both forgave you a long time ago. They love you just as much as I do." Castiel reassured, sensing his worry. Jack took a deep breath and nodded slightly. The two of them headed off behind Gabriel.
"Can't do that either. Angels don't have feelings and emotions the way humans do. The reason you and Castiel do is because you spent a lot of time on Earth. To make them fully angels, I would have to take away their humanity, which is a huge part of their soul. They won't care about people enough to go on hunts. They will simply just be vessels for 2 angels. They will lose their essence." Jack said.
“Falling in love with you taught me how to love myself. It taught me how to smile, how to laugh, sing, dance and everything in between. Most importantly, it taught me how to have faith. Every time you left, I forgot how to smile, or dance but for some reason, I always had faith that you would come back. It’s what kept me going, knowing that somehow, despite everything, you would come back. Neither death nor god could keep us apart. When you find a 'profound bond' from a love like, a love that’s forever, you should shout it out into the universe. You should boldly proclaim it in front of your friends and family. So Castiel, would you do me the honor of marrying me?” Dean pulled out a ring from his pocket. It was a silver band with angel wings on in. On the inside, he had his EEG carved.
By the time Cas got back to their room, Dean was all snuggled up in his angel's trench coat. His face wasn't as peaceful as Cas remembered. Dean's eyebrows were scrunched up, his worry lines showing. Castiel gently tugged his coat out his hands and Dean let out a soft whimper. Cas settled next to Dean and Dean automatically reached out for Cas' arm. Dean clutched onto his arm like a child holding a teddy bear. Cas let his free hand find its way into Dean's hair.
“Wait, there is one thing she’s afraid of. There’s one thing strong enough to stop her.” Cas siad. Dean looked at him, confused but allowed Cas to continue.
“You’re allowed to make choices, Cas. Getting your first haircut is a big deal and if we are going all out, might as well be something you like.” Dean said.
"I'm not mad. I just don't like that this is how Jack has to grow up. He was always given the short end of the stick. His father is Lucifer. His mother died when he was born. He had to be born as an adult to protect himself, I couldn't be there to watch out for him. Then he died, lost his soul, died again all before he turned three years old. Then he became God. That is not an easy burden to bear. I just wanted something to be normal for him. Some part of him to be child-like." Castiel replied.
"Dean. Dean. Can you hear my voice?" Castiel asked with concern. Dean nodded slightly in response.
"We are getting off track. Ms. Butters?"
"Dude, he's God. I'm pretty sure he knows how sex works." Gabriel said.
Dean swallowed down a growl and maintained an unreadable expression. He knew that he would be able to grab Cas’ hand mid haircut and walk out of the saloon and Cas would obediently follow him without asking a single question. He also knew that he couldn’t do that. When Castiel had confessed his feelings, he had said that Dean wasn’t ‘Daddy’s blunt little instrument.’ Those words meant more to him than Cas’ll ever know. He knew he couldn’t treat Cas like
Castiel didn't get to finish that thought as Dean marched over and kissed him. Dean poured his heart and soul into the kiss. He expressed the feelings he felt when Cas was taken by The Empty: pain, loss, regret. He expressed the feeling  he felt when he saw Cas just about a couple minutes ago: relief, anger, joy. He expressed all the feeling in between: grief, hope, passion, love.
“They went down quickly.”
So he drops to his knees, and he can hear Bobby follow. He can feel Cas’s gaze focus on him, like it always does; the burning sensation of it. He lifts his head up and their eyes meet.
, Michael says and he sees Castiel’s shock.
Usually, Cas could transport himself somewhere else to avoid answering this question. He could also stay silent and start repairing the damage done to this house. Both of those actions would unfortunately reveal his predicament and pull Dean after him. There is no escaping him for now.
Castiel searched the world and found him within ten minutes. Bobby was well hidden.
Michael reverses time. Lilith opens the door. Hellhounds run in. Nobody but Michael has any inclination this has happened before.
After Castiel says
“Hell if I know,” Dean responds, looking Cas up and down. He’s standing close, close enough that Castiel’s wing, the one bound to Dean’s arm, is bent at a sharp angle. He’s close, so he probably hasn’t had a chance to notice Castiel’s mistake. “Cas? Castiel, oh Angel of the Lord who’s really pushing it right now?”
, Castiel pushes.
Cas asks.
“Sam, I know what you were sick with this morning. Every time you came back, I knew.”
So this chapter got away from me! I meant for it to be more in the style of the previous one, with paragraphs describing different moments in time from Cas's stay with them, but once I started this scene it just kept going. I figured I needed some semi-realistic way for S4 Dean to actually let Cas in. Therefore officially this work is going to be longer than three chapters! Probably two more from his stay, in Cas's POV, and then back to Michael's for the last one.
Castiel has laid a claim on Dean Winchester before Michael could. Castiel will be damned for this. Nobody must know.
“Look, granted, we’re gonna have to keep on our toes. But he ain’t seem like a guy that’ll change his mind, so we either got him peering in through the windows or inside where we can keep an eye on him. Hell, that’ll be the fastest way to learn what burns or kills whatever he is. Research, in the flesh,” Robert Singer whispers this. Castiel tilts his head, taken away from his own thoughts. Does the hunter really think Castiel wouldn’t be able to hear him? Even a human would.
“Hey, Cas,” Dean yells into the living room, where Castiel is. They must have heard his wings. “Any trouble?”
Sam has no idea what he should do. There is no precedence for this. He decides to play along until he figures out what happened and if Cas has somehow betrayed them.
It takes the angel Castiel only 30 years to get to the Sword. Michael cannot believe it when he sees the angel, this time already in a vessel, report to Michael the raising of Dean Winchester. Michael sees the direct distinction of tasking him with the retrieval has made him harder, faster, even more focused. He did not waver, he did not pause, he did not stay in the Pit long enough for Alistair or Lilith to reach him. He carried Dean Winchester’s soul under his wings and he remodeled his body with care one dedicates only to the most delicate weapons. There even weren’t any demons attacking the place of resurrection, because Castiel moved too quickly for them to realise the siege was already over. They thought the Shield was still in the Pit when he already walked the Earth in his new body.
Dean and Bobby spend days and nights trying to find some information on angels, and somewhere along the way they get used to their new housemate. Castiel paints protection sigils on the house despite being directly told not to do so, and tries to keep his secrets. Sam joins the group with his bloody addiction.
, he bared his bloody teeth,
Samuel Winchester looks at Castiel in incredulity. Castiel returns the look, unimpressed.
So the trees in Heaven turn. So Bobby Singer unknowingly loses blood again. So Chuck Shirley is lost in an alcoholic haze. So by now Castiel has a good knowledge of westerns.
After that they stop testing poisons and weapons on him. Castiel believes they’ve simply run out. In the idle moments, which are most of them, Castiel’s thoughts start to move towards his brethren; he wishes he were with his garrison, a part of the fight he knows all of Heaven is involved in. He knows his mission is of the highest importance, but he feels - he feels - he feels his brothers and sisters dying in the fight against the demons, and he wonders if he could help them. Then he looks at Dean Winchester and shakes his head. He has the highest mission of all.
“Is that it? That’s the angel? You two just sit around watching westerns with an angel that dragged you from Hell?” Sam seems to have questions.
Michael is made aware of all this. He kept one of his eyes aimed in the direction of Hell ever since another one that was meant to be his Sword has been taken there, but until he breaks, he is no more important than another human. He is not worthy of Michael’s attention until then, and even then, he would only be worthy from time to time. If it didn’t happen it was not meant to happen. Michael can wait for the next Righteous Man.
Castiel broke its arm. He did not move for either of those actions - his grace was enough.
Cas hasn’t moved yet, which at least means he didn’t mind what Ruby was saying. If Cas isn’t going to tell him what happened, he might have to listen to that demon.
“Castiel, take that damn Man away from here!,” Uriel yells at him.
“He won’t let me go is what he’s done. I can’t believe you feathery dicks knew Sammy was doing something bad with a demon and just
The next day they take him down to a basement, where Bobby has created a prison cell for creatures, or a survival room for hunters, depending on which one you are. They wait for Castiel to walk inside before closing the doors. There are no markings on these walls that were not at the barn where they first met. There are less, actually. Nothing in there can hold angels. Castiel understands this is some test, so he remains inside, indulges them, for as long as they stand on the other side. Once he can feel Dean Winchester start to walk upstairs, he opens the door and walks out, to the sight of hard jaws and shock. They question him what kept him inside for so long.
Cas in Dean’s body says this. Dean’s eyes are blue. Cas in Dean’s body tells him to relax and Sam feels like he is looking irony in the face.
The witch said it like any other surname. As if he were not talking about these two men who were chosen by Heaven and Hell. He probably didn’t even know.
Chuck Shurley has a vision, and upon hearing which neurons and for how long, Michael is satisfied.
, he keeps looking at them expectantly. Expectation turns to irritation, but one that has thousands of tempests behind it. His eyes, blue as the sky, are clouded, with lightning ready to strike. Dean suddenly remembers the night after he tried to say
“No, Dean,” Castiel says, grabbing Dean’s arm and stopping him from marching away. “The demon’s name is Alistair. Uriel is an angel.”
“Well, Sammy only got here a week ago.” Dean angles his chin up, as if he won this argument, as if this faulty logic was truly his victory. Castiel cleans the rest of his blade with a thought and points it towards Dean.
Guess who's going to be checking in on his charge Castiel next chapter? ;)
Sam has clearly not listened to what the witch said.
Uriel, Castiel now knows, wants nothing more than to be on the winning side. He has told Castiel too much to just leave him be if they do not join together. The only thing that makes sense for him to do now is to ensure Castiel is found out before him.
It was for all intents and purposes a correct term, but he did dislike the tone with which Dean kept saying it. He sounded as if he were burdened with Castiel, Castiel who raised him from Hell and kept him safe from all demons that tried to enter the Singer Salvage Yard. He should be thanking Castiel, he should
“Yes, you can. Of corse you can, you feathery bastard!,” Dean yells. Cas creates a sound bubble around them, so that their voices won’t carry.
“Jimmy,” Jimmy says. Bobby Singer and Dean Winchester both breath in.
Something about hope. Something about Cas allowing them to find the witch instead of smiting and entire town back when they barely knew each other.
“Adequate. They are not connected to neurons and muscles and skin in the same way as before,” whilst Dean considers this, Castiel feels Jimmy’s discomfort.
“He was there to hurt you,” Castiel answers, scanning their surroundings. There’s no one nearby, and only a few people walking in the distance.
“Oh really? Why did I die when I was all old then? Why did I have a house, a wife and a son?” Sam asked.
"Heaven could be anything you want it to be and this is what you choose?" Dean asked.
"Don't say his name!" Cas interjected. "You and Dean now have access to angel radio which means that if you say his name, he will be able to tune in on this conversation."
“We’re going to have to skip lunch, but we should have dinner with Sammy, Eileen, Gabe, Jack and Claire.”
“Dean-o,” they heard Gabriel say, “thanks for the suggestion“
"Wait. I am still on the part where you want to make Sam and Dean angels." Castiel said, catching up.
“Don’t worry, I’ll take care of that,” Castiel said. The song died down.
“Yeah, that explains it.” Sarcasm dripped from Sam’s voice.
“I like that for the living room but we can’t use it anywhere else. It’ll be a nightmare to clean in the bedroom or the Dean cave.” Dean mumbled in Cas’ ear. Ever since Cas had gotten better, Dean had a problem with personal space. He would constantly be hovering over Cas, holding onto him. Cas didn’t mind though. He always melted right into the touch. Dean put his head on Cas’ shoulder, taking in his scent while Cas focused on the carpet samples. Suddenly, Dean’s phone rang.
