Was the someone else Magnussen? If he’d threatened to expose Mary, she wasn’t likely to sit back and do nothing. But where did Sherlock fit in? It couldn’t be as simple as Sherlock being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Greg knew someone who knew someone who called in a favour and an hour later, she’d maxed out her credit card on an engagement ring. You needed to squint to see the diamond, but imagining it on Chloe’s finger made her feel all squishy and more than a little giddy. They picked up a dozen roses at the shop in the lobby – yellow – Chloe’s favourite.
“The victim’s family should know who murdered their son. And what about the girl who went missing after the murder? I’m sure her disappearance is connected to Moriarty. What about her family?” She thought about mentioning Sherlock’s strange reaction to finding out her name, but decided against it. “What if this girl wasn’t just another one of Moriarty’s victims, what if she worked for him? What if she still works for him? I’m only asking if it’s possible Sherlock missed something.”
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock says, standing up. He motions at me to take the money.
“Jesus, Sherlock –” He shook his head and put one pill back in the bottle.
If Sutton was surprised by the question, he didn’t let on. “I’ve only just returned from a conference in Amsterdam. My phone has been off all day. I refuse to pay roaming charges.” He sat down behind his desk. “What can I do for you?” He pointed at a chair by the window. “Please, sit down.”
“What are you on about?”
“Absolutely not.” John pulled his head away and shoved against Sherlock’s chest. “No. No way. You are going nowhere near my daughter with your experiments.” All the doubt that had been kissed away was back with a vengeance.
Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment. He had missed Mycroft. But his brother more than anyone would certainly suss out the change in him. “You need to stay out of my business.”
– to the slightly more interesting –
It was Kate’s turn to stare. “What?”
Sherlock’s phone pinged and he reached into his coat pocket. “Lestrade.” He read the text and held out the phone in front of John.
Her phone rang. For a moment she thought it might be Chloe, saying she wasn’t coming after all, and Kate didn’t know whether she’d be disappointed or relieved. Probably both. But it was Greg calling from the bar in the lobby.
“Is anyone else here?”
Ella’s phone buzzed and she glanced at the screen. Looked at John. “Apparently we’ve gone three minutes past our appointment time.”
Kate got out and started to walk away but Donovan called her back. Kate stepped around to the driver’s side and Donovan handed her a paper bag through the open window. “I forgot to give you these. Tell John he owes me two pounds fifty.”
“Dr. John Watson,” he said after Lestrade introduced her. He extended one hand and she shook it briefly. Slight tremor. War injury? She noticed the emphasis he put on
Dr. Franklin nodded and laid one hand briefly on John’s arm before leaving. Translation:
“Peter Goodale. The wife was Lucy. No children. No mistress that we know of.”
He took John’s hand and pulled him toward the bedroom.
“I slept.” She pulled over a chair from the table and sat between Sherlock and the empty armchair.
He pulls his clothes back on, grabs his jacket, and makes his way unsteadily down the stairs. He’ll go for a walk, he thinks, sit on a bench and wait for this night to end. And then he’ll find a way to believe it. To make adjustments. But not yet, and not here.
“You okay?” Kate frowned. “Need something?”
Sherlock imagined four scenarios for how the next thirty seconds would go. Three ended up with a bullet in his head. And the fourth was impossible. The fourth scenario – John, saving the day at the last moment, kicking open the door and wrestling the gun away from this madman – was a desperate attempt to postpone the inevitable outcome of the first three.
“A case, I reckon.”
“Molly Hooper.
He laid them out side by side in his mind. Definitely not a set of clues. More like a Greek chorus, mocking his every move of the last 20 hours.  He stopped thinking and let the images of those hours flood his mind.
Sherlock sighed. “John, please. I’m just trying to tell you I understand.”
“Litvinenko,” Mycroft filled in. “Polonium-210 in his tea. A very unpleasant death. Whatever you were injected with, John, it does not appear to be radioactive. Less interesting than polonium perhaps, but quicker acting if your symptoms are any indication.”
She stood and went to her bag. “I need to show you something.” She rustled through some papers and pulled out a single sheet.
He drew in a breath and winced. “Yes, of course.”
Not bloody likely. Not that he didn’t hold a certain fondness for the copper. He named his dog after him after all. Well, sort of. He’d thought he’d named his dog after him until John finally asked him where he came up with the name Graham. It was not your usual kind of dog name.
John closed his eyes again and tried to think. Tommy Pearce. The only lead. Died of heroin overdose . . . heroin was easy to acquire in Afghanistan. Easy to find. Easy to use. Easy to sell . . .
The lights in the flat were on, but there was no sign of Sherlock. He sank into his chair, closed his eyes and wished for someone to bring him an empty glass, two ice cubes and the bottle of Jameson from beneath the sink.
The house, new to Lauren and Harry but old by any other standard, was large and comfortable. Inside, after hugs all round, Harry collapsed into the armchair by the fireplace and Lauren led him upstairs to the guest room. The room was small and narrow with tall windows that looked out onto the park below. The bed was covered with a faded patchwork quilt John recognised from his childhood. He paused at the door and asked Lauren, “How is Harry? Really?” They both knew he meant “Is she coping?” Harry hadn’t had a drink in more than two years but the question was always there, simmering beneath the surface of things. He wondered if he’d ever stop worrying.
He rolled his eyes. “I shall retire the day a simple Google search replaces the science of deduction.”
“No, no I’m happy for you. It’s just such a  . . . surprise.”
Sherlock thought. He opened the file and stared at the pages, willing the details to jog something . . . anything. He took a drink of tea and watched John pull his phone out of his pocket, tapping the screen.
Sherlock blinked. Blinked again. Cleared his throat. “John and I have reached an understanding. Kissed and made up is a gross over-simplification of a complex series of –”
Sometimes a shadow is just a shadow.
“Can you help me?” she asks, looking at Sherlock. Why does no one ever ask
Kate wasn’t sure whether she believed him. Whether he believed it himself. She checked the time. Fifteen minutes until the flight landed. “Are we almost there?”
“That’s what Mycroft always says.”
Kate weighed her options. Stand and argue. Nothing had been decided. The minute she left, John could be out the door to Mary and she’d be dead before morning. But she watched as John took the syringe and gave Sherlock a shot, rubbing his arm, brushing his hair out of his eyes. He wasn’t going anywhere.
He took her hand and stood. “Yeah, all right. Thanks.”
“Go on,” Sherlock prompted.
Kate looked at him. “I know what you’re doing,” she said.
“Yeah, but you’re not exactly a stranger, are you, Mr. Holmes?”
“I didn’t want to force you to choose.”
“Nice.” Kate knew all about Mycroft and his cars.
“We worked hard to keep it out of the papers, but he managed to get himself shot a few months ago and he’s. . . he’s not back to himself yet. There were complications followed by surgery followed by more complications . . . he’s getting better finally, but it’s going to take time.”
She stood and grabbed her coat. “Any requests? Don’t suppose you have Kraft Dinner over here? We can fancy it up – add some hot dogs or tuna.”
Sherlock nodded. “I suspected as much, yes.”
John glanced over at him. “Oi, you. Shut up.” He sat on the couch. Folded his arms. Tapped one foot. “Go on, then. Tell me why you are discussing
John grabbed Sherlock by both shoulders. “Molly. She said all heroin is the same. But in London, it’s different. But Vic Bellamy’s was the same. The same as mine.”
Right.
The cab was stopped at a light when her phone pinged.
It’s strange that Sherlock has never seen the place.
Sherlock raises an eyebrow. “Do tell, John. You have deduced the true nature of the case?”
She wasn’t going to ask what that something was. She didn’t want to know.
“Fiona Miller,” Sherlock and Greg say at the same time.
In the end, there was only one story that mattered. “I’ve always loved you.”
“Oh, please, if you had a moustache you’d be twirling it.”
Sherlock is flushed when they pull apart. "What was that for?" he demands, and all John can do is shrug, unable to keep the smile from spreading across his face. “It’s Christmas.”
. Take whatever information Sherlock gave you about Moriarty and go home. Forget about Mary Morstan.”
Sherlock sighed. “The paperwork alone will give my brother a stroke. Not to mention the thought of having to provide security for an infant. . .”
“And Mycroft?”
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s waist and the kiss deepened. He let himself be carried away, to the place where this was real and nothing mattered but John.
Kate stared at both of them. What the hell had happened here since she left? They almost looked . . . happy. They had no reason to be happy. Nothing had changed. Unless . . .
“There is nothing else . . . I am very sorry.” He sounded like he meant it. “It’s over, Sherlock.”
The sandwiches were good, the potato chips interesting, the Diet Pepsi sublime. They sat at opposite ends of the couch, paper towels spread across their laps like plates. They talked, safe subjects like British weather and American TV. He asked her about the RCMP (
Sherlock had the decency to look surprised. And a little impressed.
“What?” Greg took both cigarettes and stubbed them out in the fake plant next to the window. “Sherlock?”
“I need lots of things.” His voice was hoarse. “First among them a shower.”
After the fog cleared, John ran his hand down Sherlock’s chest, making a half-hearted attempt to find his cock, but Sherlock swatted John’s hand away. Instead, he snugged in beside John, his head in the curve of John’s neck and whispered the words that they both needed to hear. John absently ran his fingers down Sherlock’s back and listened, letting the timbre in Sherlock’s voice fill in the remaining cracks in his resolve until he fell into a heavy, dreamless sleep.
Mycroft slid a file across the seat. “Bogota. I hope you remember your Spanish conjugations.”
“I’m glad you’re here, John,” she told him at the door. If she noticed the limp, she didn’t mention it. “Sit down and we’ll get started.”
John turned to look at him. “Yesterday, you claimed eating was a waste of time.”
. I’m already showered. I’ll go. It’s early, no one will be around – it’ll be fine.”
Sherlock continued to stare at her. He wasted so much time on . . . thinking. If she thought that someone was about to tell Chloe something that would potentially hurt her, not to mention wreck every chance she might have at a reconciliation . . . she wouldn’t be sitting here thinking about it –
Since that weekend at Gidleigh Park, when he’d believed he’d drunken himself into a two-day blackout, he’d tried, if not to be on the wagon, at least to be running close behind. He’d always liked to drink – everyone in his family did. He’d learned to love the burn of scotch against his throat, the slow fire it fueled in his gut. The first time he kissed a man – in the alley behind the Pig and Whistle – he was drunk on Canadian Club and the dangerous feeling of his hard-on pressed up against another man's cock.
It was Mycroft’s turn to snort. “Really, Sherlock? I’m not sure what good that will do. I expect he’ll be skipping all the way back to his dreadful bedsit.”
So it was all good, except for the all bits that weren’t.
“Back to school.”
He squeezed her shoulder as he passed behind her.
“It’s hardly random.”
“Good. I read John Watson’s blog last night and Holmes seems kind of –” She wanted to say “crazy”, but settled on “eccentric.”
Kate frowned. Did she say something to spook her? Obviously Mary/Anna had instructed her parents not to tell anyone about her. But her life as an international assassin had not prepared her to deal with a mother who knows best about her daughter. Fatal flaw it would seem.
In 2000, he bought a TV network. Two years later, he bought a national newspaper in Canada. And so it went. She imagined him like Pac-Man, eating up everything in his path.
the British government.
“That bed is a crime scene, John.” He turns to leave.
He frowned. “I stuck my neck out for you, Bryant, don’t disappoint me.” He slid a thin file across the desk. “You’ll liaise with our office in London –”
Harry, now six weeks sober, had taken to bringing him books and biscuits and small tins of herbal tea. He didn’t want them, or her, but he didn’t know how to tell her.  She wore her disappointment, in life, in her career, in
“Take more than that, mate.” He dropped what was left of his cigarette on the sidewalk. “Fancy a pint?”
“Thank you,” his breath coming in gasps. “You’ve helped create the perfect crime scene.”
He fished it out a few days later. It was stained and wet and smelled like Chinese takeaway. He’d just worked thirty-six hours straight. Lost two patients – one to a ruptured aorta. Nothing to be done. And another to a brain bleed – blunt force trauma. Long fall from a high place. Construction worker stepped onto a ladder that wasn’t there. Three weeping kids and a wife who couldn’t understand anything he told her. He’d handed her an organ procurement pamphlet and left the room.
Greg read the e-mail quickly. He was quiet and John could see him searching for the right thing to say. “He must have made the reservation months ago. You didn’t know?”
“Don’t. I look better in the dark.” Her voice hadn’t changed.
“He doesn’t have to eat them.” Kate felt the irritation crawling up her neck. “What’s up with you?”
“An old case file I found. Interesting.”
Stop.
“You best cut back on the biscuits. Those trousers are definitely getting tight.”
“I looked at his charts. His improvement was . . . a relief,” Mycroft said.
“I admit no such thing.”
“And are you?”
Kate and Sherlock glanced at each other, at John, and sat.
The Blind Beggar had never been posh. Not a hundred years ago when it served its first pint of ale, and certainly not now.
John shivered again, but shook his head.
“Mycroft Holmes.”
“I think he’s not always as brilliant as he thinks he is.”
John looked at the file. “It’s from Mycroft.”
I coast through what used to be a busy roundabout on Priory Road. “You’re doing it again,” I say.
. Two, and my brain will be thick as molasses.”
He watched John shrug and run a hand through his hair. He marveled at John’s unrelenting talent for choosing bad jumpers. He would have understood if they’d been chosen for John, gifts from his mother or an elderly aunt, but he’d actually seen John order several online. From a website in Canada that apparently specialised in ill-fitting jumpers in odd colour combinations. This particular one was dirty snow.
Her building is pre-war, sandwiched between a car repair and a dry cleaner. The small lobby is littered with out of date flyers and week-old newspapers. Sherlock climbs the narrow stairs ahead of me. The stairwell smells of trapped heat, burnt motor oil and menthol cigarettes.
Sherlock found him on the couch two hours later, the phone still cradled in his lap, and sat by him while he wept the tears he’d been hoarding for weeks.
She stood and wiped her eyes. She ran a hand through her hair, squared her shoulders and knocked on Mrs. Hudson’s door.
Sherlock claimed it was the tea, not the morphine that revived him. He wanted to stay up, so John made him comfortable on the couch and promised him the laptop in exchange for eating more than biscuits. They compromised on toast (2 pieces with butter and currant jelly), which he ate very slowly. He reminded John of a stubborn child being forced to finish his mushy peas.
Sherlock drew his legs up into the pain, moaning and twisting sideways in the chair. He held one hand against his mouth, coughing, his other arm wrapped tightly around his chest. “No hospital,” Sherlock gasped. “I can’t –”
She spent the first hour wandering through the place. She picked up books, shook them, put them back. She dug through the refrigerator and found the only edible things were a wedge of cheese and a jar of pickled beets. She stood at the door to Sherlock’s room for a while, staring into the corners, wondering if Mycroft and/or Magnussen had the place bugged. She checked under the bed, behind the dresser, above the doorframe. When she was satisfied she was really alone, she stretched out on his bed and allowed all the facts to float above her head as she tried to put them in a logical order.
Kate rolled her eyes. “Everyone in Canada knows someone in the States. Basic geography.”
He stared at the phone in his hand. “Good-bye, Molly.”
“I arranged to meet you at the Scone Witch because I wanted to tell you about Sarah. I also told you we didn’t know where was Mary was.”
Dusk was falling and the breeze had turned sharp, almost biting. The last of the sunlight seemed to have settled in John’s hair and his eyes were bluer than the sky ever was. He shivered at the wind, hands jammed into his pockets. His shoulders were hunched and even though he gave Sherlock a grin, he looked afraid.
“But, you’re . . .”
“It’s the answer.” Or it’s the end, he thought as he jumped into a cab. “The Huxley Gallery in Whitechapel. Hurry.”
“Kate? What does she have to do with this?”
John didn’t know what to answer first. He pulled himself up on his elbows and started to speak, but Sherlock had already crossed the room and was leaning down toward him, eyebrow raised. He reached up and pulled Sherlock close. Their mouths met, tentative at first, but then John tasted salt and coffee and he felt Sherlock press against him and he kissed him hard and long and John fell back against the mattress and Sherlock’s hands were everywhere. For a brief moment, John wondered what happened to the juice that might not be juice, but then Sherlock’s fingers slid down toward his cock, and he forget everything else that was in his head.
is John . . .
Sherlock let go and stood up, shrugged off his jacket and let it fall onto the chair.
“Us?”
The first time John had kissed Sherlock, he'd almost missed his mouth entirely, just catching the corner of it, because Sherlock had been turning to look up at the lightning storm when John leaned in. It turned out not to matter, because five awkward, embarrassed minutes later Sherlock had taken John's head in both his hands and pulled him close, kissing him hard and sure, his fingers snaking through his hair, both of them falling away from the window onto Sherlock’s bed. That night John learned Sherlock’s body by the flashes of light in the sky, in the middle of a torrential spring.
Kate emptied her purse onto the hotel bed looking for the small white pill. The one she’d stolen from her mother’s medicine cabinet last week. Where did she put it? She tipped out all the change in her wallet, a heavy mix of British and Canadian coins, and there it was – a little dirty, but still in one piece. 0.25mg of Xanax goodness. She’d been saving it for an emergency, but never imagined she’d need it because her girlfriend had decided to make the ridiculously romantic gesture of flying three thousand miles to save their relationship. In the middle of a case. In the middle of
She stared at Greg, disappointed. “I didn’t take you for the type that gives up that easy.”
“I have some theories,” Kate said.
Of all the things that John knew about Sherlock, it was this restlessness that had surprised him most. But now he understood that for all his confidence, Sherlock walked a tightrope. He ran, leaped and performed his daredevil stunts over an abyss that threatened to dash him to pieces.
John brought his hands up, fisted them into Sherlock’s coat and pulled him up from his knees. He slid his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth, pushed his hips forward. He groaned and Sherlock’s kiss was a little less smooth, a little more frantic.
“No, you don’t get answers until I get answers. How did you find out Mary was here?”
John followed and sat opposite him. “I almost died. But I didn’t.” He leaned forward and rested his hand on Sherlock’s knee. “It won’t happen again.”
- to the mildly interesting –
“Where’s John?” he repeated.
“Boyfriend?” I ask.
“I need to see Mary. “ John stood with his fists clenched at his side. “Before we do anything, I need to talk to her.”
John nodded slowly and reached for Sherlock’s hand in the dark.
Sherlock put his hand on John’s knee and sighed again. “I think the idea, although riddled with complications and highly unorthodox, has merit.”
Both Kate and John looked at Sherlock.
“Brilliant is the word I believe you are looking for – a brilliant deduction.” I step closer to his perplexed face. “Even we mortals can score one once in a while.”
“Sod off, Mycroft. Nothing you can say is going to make up for what he – what you and he did.”
“It was the only reasonable conclusion based on the facts –”
“You were in his building the night you were shot – my theory is that she was there to kill him and you got in the way. According to the police report, there were two victims that night – you and Magnussen. What I haven’t figured out yet is whether you knew about Mary before you went there. My guess is no.”
“So, we’ll deal with it then. But until then . . .” He smiled and moved his hand up Sherlock’s leg.
“I know it’s rather over the top,” Harry says. “But the twins love it. I suspect they’ve watched
“6, 5, 3, 1.”
“Still an atheist,” John said.
Greg pushed his mobile across the desk. He hated the hope he heard in John’s voice. Wished he felt the same. Vic Bellamy was a shite lead. But after two hours of poring over old cases, it was the only lead they had. He picked up the file and tried to find a sentence in it that would make him believe Bellamy was the one who poisoned John.
Later, John leaned against the window and watched Sherlock's chest rise and fall, fast asleep, his arm flung over his eyes, and felt a sudden sweet swell of happiness. It was the way Sherlock’s hair fell across his face, the messy puddle of trousers on the floor by the bed, the half-empty tea cup on the nightstand. It was even the weight of the plaster cast on his arm. It was the tiny details, the uncertainties and inconveniences of life with Sherlock that he loved, because he recognised that those were the things that proved he belonged.
and sat through a eulogy that was short and generic and left him knowing little more about Peter Lockwood than he had when it began. Between communion and the recessional hymn, with no idea why they were there, Sherlock stood and turned to leave. John pulled him back by his sleeve.
“Does John know?” She guessed he didn’t.
He stood when she got to the table. Pulled out her chair for her. “I ordered you a pint,” he said. “Hope that’s all right.”
“I always know what you are going to say. I’m just not always sure you will say it.” Sherlock stepped closer. He reached for the pin that had held the rose and pulled it out of John’s lapel.
“Only peripherally. Although my brother will always assume that he is the epicentre of any situation.”
And in the middle of it all, she felt relief. There were no more questions. The answers were far from the ones she wanted. But they were answers. Definitive. Solid. Final.  And so fucking sad.
They showered together and came back to bed. They lay facing each other, wet hair slicked back, skin flushed red from the hot water. Sherlock cupped the side of John’s face and ran his thumb along his jaw. John held Sherlock’s hand against his face for a moment and closed his eyes.
“Why are
Sherlock’s mouth curved into a smile. And then he frowned. “I
“Tea, Mrs. Hudson?” Lestrade prompted.
“Bellamy is no longer relevant,” Sherlock snapped. He turned and left.
John looked up. “I didn’t hear you come in. How did Kate handle the news about Sarah?”
John moved next to Sherlock and whispered, “Chloe.”
punch the first person who mentions tea.”
“Pearce beating a fifteen year old kid half to death was responsible for that. Not me.”
“Okay. I’ll talk to him.”  He wasn’t convinced, but Sherlock loved an anomaly. “What about that professor of yours? Did he get back to you?”
She looked closely at him. “You’re different. I mean, you seem, well, happier.”
“We are . . . forging ahead.”
John holds out the plant. It’s two feet tall now, and almost as wide across. “This is yours. It’s time you took proper care of it.”
She swallowed the Xanax with the rest of the Diet Pepsi. Took a long breath and stared at herself in the dresser mirror. She retrieved her brush from the pile on the bed, and pulled her hair back into a ponytail. Brushed her teeth. Put on some blush and lip gloss. Picked up the mascara (she’d stolen that from Chloe), stared at it, and put it back. Who was she kidding? She didn’t wear mascara for anyone. Changed her shirt (twice), her pants (once) and tried (unsuccessfully) to shake the wrinkles out of her jacket. Spent ten minutes trying to tie a silk scarf to look as if it had naturally fallen that way.
John stepped back and let him in. “I need to lie down for a bit.”  He turned toward the hallway, then paused, leaning heavily against the sofa. “If I’m not out in an hour, come check on me.”
“Vauxhall Cross, I reckon.” said someone behind her. The voice was young, the accent Cockney.
John’s hand shook as he lifted the not-quite-clean glass and downed it all in one shot. He was glad the burn in his throat made it momentarily impossible for him to speak.
John walked Charlotte out. He locked the door behind her and slowly climbed the stairs back to the flat, sweating and breathing hard. He arrived just in time to hear Sherlock shouting, “Of course this is about me!” He swore and threw the phone against the sofa and it bounced onto the floor.
“What’s this?” John asked, looking surprised.
“Pish-posh, sir.”
“I just want to talk to her. Why does no one believe that?”
He tried to untangle himself from the sheets that had wrapped themselves around him in his sleep. He was soaked with sweat and his cock was hard, throbbing with what it thought it had been doing in his dream. He wrapped his hand around it, and he could still hear Sherlock’s voice in his head and taste him in his mouth, when he came.
“Are you sure? How do you know it was your daughter?” Grasping at straws of course – she knew damn fucking well it was Anna/Mary.
Surprise flickered across his face. “Then you know why we need to talk.”
John sighed. He knew this part by heart now. “It was raining hard. The street was crowded. I felt a prick – like a bee sting – in my calf. I bent down to look and pulled a small dart from my trousers. I got into the cab and went back to Baker Street. And now you have all concluded that I have been fatally poisoned. You do know how mad that sounds?”
The nurse, clearly not happy to be intercepted, removed her latex gloves and dropped them in the waste container by the door. “Not my patient. You’ll have to ask at the desk.”
John jolted out of a nightmare, eyes snapped open and a gasp barely contained. He held still, checking to see if Sherlock was still sleeping before he eased out of bed. He rubbed his hands on his face, bare feet on the cold floor. He looked back and Sherlock had turned onto his side, his arm bent and his hand curled around the space where John had been and his throat closed with something that was either tenderness or despair. He picked up his trousers and shirt and left the room to dress in the hallway.
He barely noticed that John had shifted, pulling them both down into John’s chair. Sherlock placed his hands on the arms of the chair and pressed his chest against John’s. John reached his hand around and pulled Sherlock closer. Sherlock couldn’t breathe, didn’t want to breathe and then really needed to breathe, all in the space of a few seconds. He pulled his head away and took a deep breath.
“No, I’m fine.” He was more than fine. He was fucking
Sherlock sighed. The rest? What did that look like?
John felt Sherlock’s heart beating under his hand. He could see the smile hovering around Sherlock’s face. He didn’t know whether they were actually going to have a real discussion, or if Sherlock was playing with him.
Mycroft crossed his legs, looked out the window. “How is he?”
“We’ve been through worse.”
“It’s raining. And you’re . . . I don’t advise . . .”
. She shook her head, wondering why it had taken her so long to see it.
“Nope. Mycroft doesn’t even make the top ten,” Kate said.
“No. Never.” He knew he’d said it too quickly, too abruptly. “Look, I’m . . . I can’t. Not yet.” His face burned with embarrassment, like a schoolboy caught cheating. He stood quickly and grabbed his coat. “Sorry . . . I’ve got to go.”
He blinked. “My brother?”
“He was busy over there.”
Sherlock sighed. “I could think better with nicotine.” He looked longingly at Lestrade’s desk.
“Go have your shower,” John said. “I’ll order us some dinner.”
“And roasted parsnips. The ones you like. I sent Harry the recipe.”
John took it and Ronan stared at him, his head tilted to one side. “Are you really a soldier?”
Greg nodded and pushed away from the table.
“You say his name and I’ll shoot you,” John warns.  He’s drunk enough to mean it.
“Yes, even boy scouts gather enemies.”
“Christ, no. Anyway, being a copper’s not that different. Want another drink? I do.”
“Suit yourself.” Sherlock turned to the kitchen.
“Hey, you’re really worrying me now. I’m going to call Dr. Reynolds.”
Where’s your husband?”
Sherlock blinked. “I don’t understand. I thought – ”
Donovan shrugged and pointed out the door. “Now you can ask him yourself.” She ducked out the door just as Sherlock entered.
Sherlock waved at the waiter, who scowled, arms folded across his chest.
“A select few. Those closest to me.”
“If you don’t mind, sir. I’m to keep an eye on you. If you feel the need to go back to hospital, I’ll take you.”
He looked at her, his expression open and vulnerable, and she caught a glimpse of the boy he must have been – his head stuffed full of facts and figures about how the world was made, but not a clue about how it
“Go for it,” she said with more bravado than she felt.
“Fuck,” John gasped.
“I’d rather have the brandy.” He pointed to Kate’s untouched glass.
“Hold still. I’m going to put in a stitch.”
Kate felt pressure in her chest. She didn’t want to think. She didn’t want to let any shard of light into the darkness that surrounded Sarah’s death. She was gone. It was over. She rubbed her hands on her knees. She couldn’t breathe. She thought about Sarah, walking through the door, backpack slung over a shoulder, her glasses shoved up on her head. The pain was sharp. But then she saw Chloe, sitting at the kitchen table, her legs tucked under her, reading a police report. Fuck. If this is what John was going through . . . she looked up at Sherlock, tears threatening.
“What can I do?”
“Yes, of course. He wasn’t interested in the merchandise unless I could provide the antidote as well.”
Moriarty had enjoyed being the star of his own show. After the old woman was killed in the bomb blast, John had angrily shouted at Sherlock that he and Moriarty were two sides of the same coin. He wasn’t far wrong, was he? If John knew the things Sherlock had done during those two years away . . .
“I might.” John shook his head. “You bloody bastard!” He started pacing back and forth across the room, carefully stepping around Sherlock each time. If he touched him, he’d have to kill him.
She didn’t recognize the voice. Older woman. Maybe from the 2005 homicide she’d started on last week. Young woman, found in Nepean, strangled . . .
“I am not wallowing . . . bloody hell, if I can’t wallow now, then when?”
“No, I’m not calling to cancel,” he said. “Thought you might like some company – fancy some dinner?”
I feel the wave and I touch Sherlock’s shoulder. He lifts himself off my cock and onto my chest, grinding his hips into mine, my cock caught between his leg and his own hard cock.
“Yeah, you should have seen the last person who laid a hand on Mrs. Hudson . . .”
“John Watson. Late of the 5th Northumberland Fusiliers.”
“But there is an antidote?”
He's finally forgiven me, I think. For leaving him when I said I never would. It’s a thirty-year old promise, I remind him.
He opened the door and leaned against it, gathering his courage, preparing what he was going to say. “Sherlock?”
Every evening now, she sat by the door with the leash between her teeth and waited for Sherlock. They both agreed he was a poor substitute for John, but grief had finally made them friends.
“You have that look.”
In the living room, she checked her watch. Just past one. “John, that restaurant downstairs? The sign said they do sandwiches. How about I get us a couple? Compliments of the Canadian taxpayer.”
John turned off the television and listened.
A warning bell went off in her head. “Why especially now?”
“What indeed . . . I fear she has stirred up quite the hornet’s nest. She has far more in common with Sherlock that you might imagine.”
. Sherlock didn’t seem the sentimental type – so why was he saving fortunes? She refolded it and tucked into her wallet between her driver’s licence and ATM card. She added the pants to the pillow case, slung it over one shoulder, and walked down the hall to the elevator.
There was a quick knock at the door and before John could get up Mrs. Hudson entered the flat, carrying a tray. She wore a flowered nightgown under a pink chenille bathrobe. Fuzzy white slippers. “Working late, are we?” she said, looking directly at Kate. It sounded vaguely like a reproach. “Thought you might like some tea.”
John pulled his hand away. “
“Estimate? 12.”
“Yes, I can see that.”
The morning before the wedding, John reluctantly dropped off a sleepy Rosie at Molly’s. “It’s only three days,” Molly said, pushing him out the door. “Go, or you’ll miss your train. She’ll be fine.”
“—invitation,” John finished. He scrubbed a hand across his face and shook his head. “I never opened it.”
“You had no reason to believe that Anna Ashcroft was the shooter in Peter Goodale’s murder? Or that she continued to work for James Moriarty after he left Canada?”
Sherlock turned and drew him closer, bending his head to press his lips just under John’s ear. “I know.”And then he kissed him, long and deep and low.
“Chloe will be relieved.”
Sherlock slid into a booth at the back of the restaurant away from the rest of the diners. A bored waiter dropped two menus on the table in front of them. Sherlock pushed them to the side. “I’ll order for us.”
John tossed the bracelets on the table in front of Sherlock. Sherlock looked at the bracelets, at John, and closed his eyes. John stood still, staring at the bracelets as the images that had haunted him for so long fell into place like tumblers in a lock.
“Yeah, ten minutes at the most.”
“Well, I’m not sure . . .” Sherlock said, looking puzzled.
He choked again. “Why didn’t you say it wasn’t tea?” He wiped his mouth on his sleeve. “Wait. Is this my Glenfiddich?”
“Yeah, but he’s
He ignored her. His breathing slowly returned to normal and he opened his eyes. “I’m fine.”
John said, “If we’re going to do this, we’re going to do it right,” and you didn’t know if he was talking about the new case or the heat of his hand low on your back.
John opened and closed his hands carefully on the table. He looked up and met Sherlock’s eyes and Sherlock was suddenly afraid. “I’m not using,” he repeated.
Her phone vibrated and she looked down. A text from Chloe.Perfect timing. She didn’t read it and turned back to Mrs. Hudson, who was smiling at her.
Kate sighed. She scrubbed her face. Recited the facts. Looked at her shoes, her hands, watched the monitors. She knew every syllable by heart. As she went through the forensics she wondered if Sherlock would find it all so mundane. Hate crime. Brutal. Unfortunate. Unsolved.
“What are you thinking?” Sherlock’s thumb ran along John’s lower lip.
“Was it murder?” John asked.
“Yeah, got that one – the night he was shot. I just thought you’d have more specific questions.” Greg loosened his tie and sat back. Waited.
And all you wanted to say when you left him behind was, "I'm sorry."
“Sorry to disappoint.” He glanced over at the kettle.
We go in as soon as it’s dark and I light the oil lamp in the bedroom.
Sherlock steeples his fingers and sighs. I walk over to him and nudge his knees, holding out the glass.
Not an answer, but she’d try to be patient a bit longer. “When did she leave?”
He suspected his mother was lying, he’d never known his grandmother to do anything
He pulled the paper closer and reached for his glasses. Which were nowhere to be found. He looked over and the bedside table was covered in teacups and papers and scientific journals. No glasses.
Sherlock came forward another step and Sutton reached under his desk.  Sherlock stopped.
Together, they made a plan. Fiona would go on holiday and Maureen would report her missing after two weeks. Before Fiona left, they set up the crime scene at her apartment together. Maureen would meet two weeks later in Portugal. Knowing Washburn’s assets would be seized when he was arrested, they planned to live off love and Maureen’s small inheritance from her grandmother. Life was less expensive there. The police, already suspecting Washburn of extortion, would also charge him with Fiona’s murder. And to be sure that everything went according to plan, Maureen hired Sherlock Holmes and scattered crouton-sized bread crumbs for him to follow. Cue the happily ever after music.
case.
“He’s not returning her calls or texts and I want to know why. In my experience, there is nothing an expert likes more than being asked his opinion. Find out everything you can about him.”
“Okay. Let me pay for the drinks then.”
“One day.”
Sherlock started to speak but was interrupted by a coughing fit, more violent than the one she had witnessed the day before. John moved quickly to Sherlock’s chair, leaning over him, rubbing his back, talking calmly to him. “It’ll be okay. Just try to breathe.”
The apartment was quiet. He could hear the ticking of the antique clock on the mantle, the soft hum of the old refrigerator.
(See the end of the chapter for
John was in the kitchen when Sherlock came in. He was staring into his cup, his elbow on the table and his hand in his hair. The newspaper was open and lying on the table in front of him. Sherlock cleared his throat and John jerked his head up and looked at Sherlock with surprise and something else? Anger?
When Sherlock came out of the shower twenty minutes later, a towel wrapped around his waist, John was sitting on the edge of the bed waiting. Sherlock recognised the look on John’s face – John had worn the same pained expression all through Rosie’s childhood. But there was something else there he’d never noticed. John was
“Mr. Holborn’s assistant. She didn’t say her name.” He glanced up at the clock. “She did say she expected you’d be around before midnight to collect it. Made me promise to mail it to you if you never showed up. Gave me five quid for postage. It’s not so far, I probably would’ve dropped it off and saved myself the money.”
I cough and Washburn startles. “Fi’s on holiday,” he says.
John tried to pull his hand away, but Sherlock held tight. John sighed. “Maybe I was making sure you were okay.”
He leaned up shakily on one elbow. “Hallucinating. The only logical explanation.” He reached for the lamp again, found the switch, but it wouldn’t turn on. His breathing sounded very loud in the room. The only thing louder was his heart beating in his ears and he wondered whether he might actually be having a heart attack. Is this how John had felt? He’d never thought to ask.
“Where are you?”
“Go ahead, Giles,” Sherlock says. Inside that intensely fuckable exterior lurks a ten-year-old boy.
Kate came back into the sitting room. Greg had moved to the couch, and John stood above Sherlock, who was looking up at him.
“Have you never read my website?”
“We’re not all Sherlock, are we?”
“He could have set it up to be sent later. Although he denied knowing about the nursery rhymes. Why would he lie about that and admit everything else?”
John gave him two points for remembering his favourite drink. Minus a million for everything else. John emptied the glass in one swallow. He eyed Sherlock’s glass.
“I made a lot of promises to get this for you so remember that next time I need a consult, yeah?”
“Let me pass.” He huffed with frustration. “Now.”
“That’s the result. What happened?”
They unpack and head downstairs for heated-up leftovers of the dinner they missed. Harry tries to sit with them while they eat, but it’s past midnight and she’s been up since before forever and she yawns and says “Oh, fuck it.” She rubs her belly, “The boy and I need some sleep. I’m off.” She kisses them both on the cheek, “See you in the morning. Merry Christmas.”
This stops Sherlock and I almost run into him. He turns back to me. “Hardly a theory. I’m just waiting on the Lestrade’s team to confirm.”
John smiled. “Seriously, you’ve been weird all day. You
John reached in his pocket and threw the bag of cocaine on the table. “You said you weren’t using.”
“Live and let live, that’s my motto.” Mrs. Hudson lifted the bottle of Jameson’s, but Kate shook her head and held her hand over her glass. It would have been the third of what could only be called liberal pours and she didn’t need to sit in Mrs. Hudson’s kitchen getting hammered, when she knew the real action was going on above their heads.
“It’s an anomaly. You hate anomalies.”
It’s my turn to leave him now. In this small house, I measure out the time that remains. I've become miserly, penny-pinching the days and weeks, reluctant to spend even one.
“What the hell are you doing in Ottawa?”
Did you read that somewhere?”
“I think I liked you better when I thought you might die.”
Out on the street is looking like a front runner. “Not much of a victory though. It was a shite case.”
“– it’s all working out.”
She jumped when her cell phone rang. She didn’t recognize the number. “Hello?”
“Then go. Enjoy a weekend away in the country. Update your blog. Take pictures of the scenery. I know it sounds near to impossible, but try
“Apart from the first words you said to me, you’ve never questioned my presence in your city. Sloppy detective work, I think.”
Back in her room, Kate logged onto her computer and Googled Sherlock again. Lots of hits about his “miraculous” return from the dead, an entire site devoted to theories about how it was done (including Tumblr, Twitter and Reddit entries, #emptyhearse, #sherlocklives). A series of interviews given by his fiancée.
“Stumbled? Really?”
“Of course.”
He sat up in bed and threw back the cover. “Has something happened?”
“Not much. Enough.”
“You like curry? Whenever I suggest it, you make a face.”
“Fair enough. None of my business anyway.”
Without thinking, he leaned down and kissed Sherlock on his bare neck.
“And you’re sure Mary’s the only reason?”
“Someone hacked Chloe’s phone.” John said.
“You’ll tell me. You’ve wanted to tell me for days.” Sherlock lifted an arm, winced, and placed it on his chest. “I think it’s the real reason you came to see me.”
He fingered the vicar’s card and considered calling him. The construction worker’s bloody head had triggered all the fucked up emotions he’d been trying so hard to ignore. He looked around the flat – Sherlock’s flat, never his – and made up his mind. He’d been living with ghosts long enough. Tomorrow, he’d make an appointment with Ella Thompson, pack his things and find a new flat. A new job.
It was November again and the season was changing. Leaves were falling, skittering across the grass in front of the wind. Sherlock loved the change in season, this shift from autumn to winter, more than any other. When he smelled the crispness in the air, he’d shiver, pull his jacket close and begin to feel strong again.
“Touch of déjà vu, that’s all. I’m fine.”
She smiled. “Did he use your credit card?”
Sherlock reached into his pocket and pulled out a folded white envelope. He opened it and lifted out a gold ring. He held it out to her in the palm of his hand. “Diorio always wore this on his pinkie finger. Do you recognize it?”
John nods - he is all right, he's more than all right. He's happy, which is surprising, since there are too many people in the house and the children will probably wake them up too early tomorrow and Sherlock will pout that there is no wine with dinner and no brandy afterwards. But he's filled to the brim with a sort of deep contentment, and he whispers to Sherlock, "Thank you for this."
“I’ll take
“I’m fine, Sherlock. How many times can I say it before you believe me?”
“I feel better. Ta.”
*****
“I know. It’s just . . .”
“I will not let you die because of me.”
“That’s not fair.”
Wardour Street was nearly empty, everyone huddled under shop awnings and in doorways, waiting for the downpour to let up. Sherlock spread out his arms and tilted his head back, his mouth open wide. He spun around, his coat whipping at his knees. He had missed London rain. Unrelenting, unforgiving, unforgettable. He missed feeling this . . . alive. He looked over at John, his arms wrapped tight around his coat, smiling at Sherlock despite his obvious discomfort. Sherlock stepped towards John and, before he could think of a reason to wait another second, another lifetime, he was kissing John in the rain, lost in the sensation, the smells, the weather.
Anyway, tomorrow’s the big day and I feel good. As good as any man my age has a right to feel. I don’t look too bad either. Yes, my hair’s a little greyer than last year, but on the bright side I’ve finally lost those extra pounds. Cancer is god’s very own good news, bad news joke.
She retrieved Sherlock’s phone from the charger and sat at the kitchen table to check her messages one last time – he’d started making noises about getting his phone back and she was running out of excuses why he shouldn’t have it. She’d buy a new SIM card for her own phone at the Virgin store in the morning and surrender his. She was also trying to decide whether to tell him she’d taken on a case while he was in hospital. She was bored and it was so simple it seemed a shame not to accept it. All it took were a few phone calls, half an hour on the internet, and a search of the client’s boyfriend’s car and the next day £200 was transferred into Sherlock’s account. She liked to think of it as earning her keep. She wasn’t sure Sherlock would see it that way.
“You’re making yourself miserable, and by extension, me.”
“I am thinking. For God’s sake, how I am supposed to keep track of everything. I’m dealing with a bacterial anomaly here.”
“She’s
“Sounds barmy when you put it like that. I’m just saying I need a little distance before I can talk about . . . things. I have some decisions to make quite soon and I thought . . .”
Mycroft ran a hand through his hair. “I didn’t expect to reveal so much.” He looked at John. “I have a soft spot for my brother, infuriating as he may be, and I fear these last weeks have made me sentimental. My only objective is and has been to keep him safe. A daunting task at the best of times. But surely John, you do see what you’re doing to him?”
She nodded, her eyes tired and sad.
John chuckled and sat up straight, wiping the sweat off his forehead with his sleeve. “I’ll believe that when I hear it from someone who’s gone first.”
Mother dead. Father unknown. No siblings. One son, Ronan, age eight. There had been no funeral.
“I’ll get dressed.” There was always fresh coffee in the lobby. Or so the brochure said.
John put his hand on her shoulder. “Can I get you anything? Water? There’s no Diet Pepsi . . .”
John had imagined this moment a thousand times, in a thousand different ways. In his fantasies, Sherlock’s reappearances were always miraculous – a rising from the dead that defied explanation.  Even in his darkest moments, John couldn’t imagine that Sherlock
“You did not.”
Sherlock was back in his chair when she got home. She set the bags on the kitchen table and grabbed a Diet Pepsi from the fridge. She heard the shower through the closed door of the bathroom and sat down in John’s chair.
He wasn’t certain who she was referring to.
John shook his head and laid his empty glass on the table. He bent forward and cradled his head in his heads.
“For fuck’s sake . . . sorry. What the hell am I supposed to do now?”
Doctors—one older, several younger—congregated around John’s bed.  Sherlock watched them from the doorway, and tried to find meaning in their posture and the odd word that rose above the background noises of the ICU. But it was like watching a foreign film without subtitles and he waited until one of them led him into the lounge. He was learning that shouting at John’s doctors, however intuitive, was counterproductive. “
Greg came around the desk with the slip of paper. “Yeah, I know. Mycroft rang. And now there’s this.”
“Really, Mr. Holmes, your reputation seems a bit overblown. You come into my home, accuse me of attempted murder. If anyone is guilty of murder here, it’s John Watson.”
Kate chose to ignore the skittering of something very bad along her spine. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Ashcroft, there is still no development in your daughter’s case-“
Mycroft looked at him with something close to sympathy. Close to.
Sitting here now, with a baby girl in his arms, and John leaning against his legs, he felt the words rise up again. But this time John would still be getting over the shock, and there would be no one there to hear him. But wasn’t that perfect? No one there to hear him practice saying the words out loud.
Then he heard the noise of the heavy door to the roof opening, the shutting, and he spun around, moving away from the edge. He didn’t know what he had been expecting. Hopeful to see Sherlock, terrified it might be Moriarty, but instead he saw Molly Hooper. She was tugging her lab coat around her, and then she saw John.
There was quite a bit of them, so it took a while to get through the pile halfway. Finally, one of the officers stopped, and she gasped loud enough that the others heard her, and stopped as well. She held her palm out and there was the black pearl of the Borgias.
“Daddy!” Rosie cried, her first word, arm’s out stretched to her father.
“Go any further and I blow the house, and most of those cars behind you.” The man said.
“Even you?” John said standing, trying to leave the room for the second time, but finding himself unable again.
John looked up at him. At first surprised by Sherlock saying ‘we’ and also surprised that he planned to go against Moriarty without the help of his brother.
**************************
“We’re going to get you out of here.” Sherlock told Rosie. “But we can’t leave without your daddy. So you have to stay here and be good, and I’m going to go find him. Then we’ll go back home, and nothing bad will ever happen to you again.”
The officer who had been speaking to Lestrade looked reluctant, but ordered the rest behind him to move forward and carry out Lestrade’s order.
Mycroft sat in the chair, which John took as a sign of defeat.
He was silenced as Sherlock tilted his head up and kissed him again, “Shh. No more talking like that. Please. I just want to sleep. Will you stay here with me, John?”
Sherlock thought for a moment. “Surprise me,” he finally said.
Lestrade blanched. He wasn’t used to this kind of action. Murder solving usually didn’t involve so much action, as usually everyone was dead.
“I’m not sure what good this list will do us.” John said putting his pencil down and stretching. Sherlock moved the top paper, and looked to see what John had been writing underneath it. Below it was a list of things that had to do with Mary. Where he had met her, anything she had ever said that had made John think for a second, and the little they knew about her past.
Both of them jumped up at the same time, Sherlock running across the open area to the tree line that would allow him to safely get to the backside of the house.
“The last time I saw her was—“
John couldn’t figure out what he had done wrong in his life. He had saved so many people. He wasn’t a religious man, but couldn’t help but wonder if this was payback for killing Mary. After thinking about it though, he realized that Mary had slept with someone else, and gave birth to someone else’s child, before he had ever considered needing to kill her in order to save Sherlock.
“Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock said. “I’m sure you’ve heard of me.”
John started pacing. Sherlock stood up fully, and then handed John a small piece of scrap paper with scratchy handwriting on it. It read; “This time, don’t go to your little police friends. You don’t tell anybody.”
“Nothing!” John said, starting to get impatient. “He hasn’t come in here yet.”
“John, you just…” Sherlock said.
John turned his back to Sherlock and the others, and walked to the building, onto the porch, and opened the door. Stepping in, he was surprised to see that the inside of the house was in much better shape than the outside. A chandelier lit the entrance hallway, and the two wings to either side were lit as well.
“I need you to stay inside the flat.” Sherlock told her. “Stay by a phone, and call me if anything starts happening. I need your cell phone, mines dead.”
Mycroft looked sideways at the pair. “I believe he thinks that he can get to Sherlock, through John.” Mycroft said, and then looked directly at Sherlock. “And he would be right.”
Sherlock thought for a moment, then started opening one of the oysters, throwing it to the side when he found it empty. “Help me open all these.” He said without stopping his work. John, Lestrade, and two of the other officers bent down and started cracking open the oysters.
“What?” John demanded. ,
A full hour later John was still sat on his bed, staring at the empty crib in his room. He had stopped throwing things a while ago, and had simply sat down, with his mind feeling dull and empty. He knew logically that there was a relatively large cut on his hand, from a broken picture frame, but couldn’t find it in him to do anything about it.
“I don’t know, I just saw someone had come up here, and wanted to check on them.” She said. “We’ve always had some problems with people being on this roof.”
John sighed shakily. “If we decide to go it alone, we can’t go back to Baker Street. Ms. Hudson will know.”
“3, 3, 4, 2.” John said, opening one of the entries back up and counting the amount of letters in each word of one sentence. “Do the numbers mean something?”
Back at Baker Street, John was sat on his chair, bouncing Rosie up and down on his knee. He was looking at his daughter, but talking to Sherlock. “Nothing like last time, Sherlock. Never again. You have to tell me every bit of your plan. Especially if you plan on faking your death again.”
“Oh Sherlock.” He said, curling Sherlock’s name in such a way it didn’t sound quite right. “I’m not going to tell you that easily.” He laughed a bit again. “You think all you have to do it put your gun on the floor and I’ll explain the most detailed fake death ever.”
There was a deafening silence throughout Baker Street that made even Sherlock feel uncomfortable. John hadn’t said anything. Just slowly looked away from Sherlock and down at the child in his hands. Rosie looked up at him, and reached her hands up to softly grab his nose. She smiled as she did so, and let out a string of garbling sounds.
Sherlock started tapping his foot anxiously. “Yes.” He looked towards the hall to John’s room.
“It’s a map.” Sherlock said. “See these small lines here, that are slightly darker than the rest on each of the cards? I kept moving the papers around until they all lined up, and it’s a pretty broad map of London.”
Sherlock nodded. “My guess is he hoped that we would have to bring Rosie to either here, or to the physic, and would take her then. I can’t believe I didn’t see this before.” As he finished talking he sat down on the bench.
“Hello, John.” Moriarty said.
“Him.” Moriarty said, gun still pointing at John, although looking at Sherlock. “He’s made you soft.” Moriarty said, sounding angrier than either of them had ever heard him before. “Before him you would never had any of these problems. You never would have gone into hiding for two years. You wouldn’t have had to ‘die.’ We need to get rid of him for us to work.” Moriarty said.
John sighed. “It never is simple, is it?”
Finally the car pulled into a side road, which went on for a bit longer before reaching a house that looked like it hadn’t been lived in in years. The bushes were over grown, and many of the windows were dark, besides the ones on the first floor. The cop cars had stopped as soon as the long drive widened into a makeshift parking area. The car that John was in pulled right up to the front door.
“Yes.” Sherlock said, paused, and then continued. “They do. If you don’t mind I would like to hold onto these for a bit.”
“So if it’s a map, then it has to lead to somewhere, right?” John said. “Like a pirate map.”
“The world’s most famous consulting detective.” Moriarty said.
Ciarda reached behind her, and grabbed her own deck of cards, sorting through them until only 10 were left out, the other 62 she set aside. Sherlock returned the original papers to his pocket. Ciarda carefully shuffled the small deck, before laying 5 in front of John, and the other 5 in front of Sherlock, with exaggerated hand movements.
“Really? This is what we came down here for?” Lestrade asked incredulously.
“Well?” John said, back to his direction again. “Get it over with and just tell me.”
“It wouldn’t change my opinion of everything. Either bring me to her, or tell me where she is.”
He knew that this wasn’t good. That having attachments would just make it easier for people like Moriarty to control him. But he knew that he wouldn’t be able to help it at this point. Anyone who knew about Sherlock Holmes knew that they could use John Watson to get to him. He thought back to Magnusson’s logic. It had almost worked for him, until Sherlock had shot him.
With that John let the crutches he had under his arms fall away, because there was only one thing he needed to keep him up. He reached up his arms, and put one behind Sherlock’s neck, pulling him to him. Then they kissed. Soft and gentle, years in the making. When they broke away they looked at each other, heads close together, both their eyes shining.
“Do you think he’s trying to build up your public image, so he can tear it down again?” John suggested.
Then he reached over, and opened the bag. Everyone who had been holding their breathes, let them out in obvious confusion and disappointment when they saw what it was. A bunch of oysters.
“We promised her not to run out on her again, like we did yesterday.” John said sadly.
After each of the pages had been examined, and no unknown fingerprints, or other clues found, John and Sherlock worked together to pin them up on the wall. The storybook pages on one side, the bar-codes on the other.
“Well, if you have nothing else for me today, you can send your brother in here.” John said.
They had had only one argument, and it was on the matter of what to do. Neither had a set side they were defending, just throwing out the facts as they saw them. John thought that they needed to start searching any place that Moriarty had been known to hide out before. Sherlock thought that they would be able to start searching, but the only clues would come from waiting to see what Moriarty sent at them next. John didn’t react well to the word “wait.”
“Tarot cards?” John said, the exact same time that Sherlock said “Tarot cards.”
John shrugged. “And how many of those years were you feeding him information?”
Lestrade nodded, stand nodded up and walking towards the door. Before leaving he turned back and said “Oh and hey, don’t worry. I’m not going to arrest you.”
He could almost see the words dancing in front of him, trying to find someplace to go. He shut his eyes, and knew that someday the perfect moment would come along; he would just have to be watching for it.
“You know I don’t eat during a case.” Sherlock said, taken aback.
“But if I…” Sherlock started but trailed of as he realized that John was right, there was no point. He sat in his chair across from John.
There he saw walls being torn down. Walls that had been so carefully built up overtime, come crashing down to rubble because of a few words and an action, in Sherlock’s eyes.
Sherlock looked up from the drawings and made eye contact with John, who had picked up Rosie and moved to stand next to him, also looking at the papers.
“John…” Sherlock started.
Sherlock didn’t say anything for a while. After the pause he said “It could have been.”
“How much?” Sherlock asked.
After Molly, Mycroft came in into the room. John was a little surprised by this visitor, and Mycroft was able to see that.
“Its okay.” John said, chocking up as well.
“Sherlock, let me see your lap top.” John said, pushing his to the side.
“Interesting” Moriarty said.
They were both breathing heavy, and John felt a stab of guilt. He wasn’t sure about what though. He set the book on the side table, and walked into the kitchen to clean the cut on his hand, and wrap some gauze around it. Moving back into the room, he sat on the floor and leaned against the bottom of Sherlock’s chair. Soon his anger completely seeped out of him, and was also left feeling tired. Without realizing he also fell asleep, his upper body supported by Sherlock’s legs.
“Wait, why?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock and Rosie were still in the chair which he had last seen them. Rosie was curled up in Sherlock arm, fast asleep. Sherlock too had drifted off, head lolling to one side, with his hand still lightly holding onto a book. John moved over to the sleeping pair, and took the book out of Sherlock’s hand, smiling when he saw what it was about.
“So where do we bring it?” John asked.
Once both had assured themselves that no one was trying to murder Rosie, they were able to loosen the tension in their bodies. John carefully stepped over Sherlock, and went to pick up his daughter. She stopped crying as soon as he had changed her diaper, and then put her in hair high chair with some breakfast.
John looked the right, and saw what looked like an empty living room and dining area. To the left he saw what looked like a traditional private library, with one high-backed chair turned with its back to the entrance way. John walked that way. He walked over to the chair, and moved quickly in front of it, only to find that it was empty.
“I’m almost done, and then we will worry about what we will do next.” Sherlock said without looking up.
John stared at him. Eventually, Sherlock walked into the kitchen and grabbed the bread.
If you liked this fanficiton please feel free to give it kudos, leave comments, and share it with others.
“Who called you?” John asked.
Sherlock knew that it was highly unlikely he would find any evidence, it had been so long. And they already had all but proven that Mary had worked for Moriarty before meeting John. He didn’t know what good it would do to prove it farther, but he looked anyways. Nothing.
John smiled. He had figured out how to sit the bed up, and did so. He let Rosie hold tight onto his hands, unable to hold her quite yet.
“Imagine how good we’d be together.” Moriarty said. “Of course there’s one thing that we would have to get rid of for that to work, now wouldn’t we.” Moriarty said, mimicking a thinking position.
Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, but then John turned around widely.
“You di-“ Sherlock started before getting interrupted again.
***************************
Rosie responded by snoring in her sleep.
Sherlock pulled out a dirty, green cloth bag. Before opening it he looked around the crevice it had made, confirming there was nothing else in there.
“Well. That’s night right.” Said Sherlock slowly, before picking up the laptop and positioning it in a way where he would be able to maneuver the mouse, but John would still be able to see.
Sherlock let go of his tight grip on the side of the cradle, and walked back out to the hallway. Standing still for a moment, he let his eyes adjust. Now he could at least see a bit more of where he was going. He walked down the hallway, peeking into every door. Finally he opened the door at the end of the hall, and there was a brightly lit area. Though tall windows he could see the front yard. It appeared that the shooting had ceased for the moment.
“What do you want?” John asked, continuing to look out the window.
“Yeah. She flirted at me on the bus a month or so ago.” John said, voice going dull.
“Do we do this ourselves, like he obviously wants us to, or do we tell someone.” Sherlock said, letting John pick this time.
“Remind me what they are again.” John said.
Lestrade tossed a brown package at Sherlock, who caught it as he stood. “We’ve checked it out already. It’s not dangerous, but it doesn’t make sense to any of us.” He said.
Molly continued. “Sherlock thought he would be able to outsmart him that he would be able to walk off this roof, and go home. But then Moriarty told him that if he didn’t jump, you, Mrs. Hudson, and Greg Lestrade would die, that he had snipers placed on the three of you.”
**********************************
*****************************************
“Thank you for being my best friend.” John said.
“Sir, you’re losing too much blood.”
When John and Sherlock returned to Baker Street, Ms. Hudson met them at the door.
“Hand me the cranberry juice and one of those cotton swabs over there.” Sherlock said without standing up from leaning over the page.
“What is it?” Sherlock asked. He took a step towards Moriarty, but he held his gun up higher to stop Sherlock.
John was imaging all the worst scenarios that could take place when they arrived. He didn’t like the outcome of a good number of them.
Sherlock’s eyes and attention, which had been sliding snapped back to John. “What?”
Quite some time passed before Sherlock spoke to anyone. John had given up trying to ask what he was looking for, and had sat down to read the paper when he finally heard Sherlock’s chair moving out from the table behind him.
Sherlock glanced to John, who still hadn’t taken his eyes off Sherlock.
Sherlock looked up at John again, and felt so bad for his friend. This had not been a good day for either of them.
Then another sudden thought jolted into his mind. He had left Rosie with Sherlock. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust him with her, but he had once explained to Sherlock that children of a certain age could not be expected to care for themselves, and most certainly should not be allowed to play with a lighter.
Sherlock looked around the hotel room, at the mess they had made there. How quickly it had become home base, with food wrappers on the floor, and papers spread across tables. He wondered if anyplace could become theirs so quickly, like this one had.
Molly shook her head. “No. It was attached to Sherlock. Why?” She asked, raising an eyebrow.
“That doesn’t matter.” John said.
The sound of his voice reminded John. Sherlock had told him something as he had laid on the floor of that old house. John shut his eyes. He remembered the darkness. He could remember Sherlock’s hand pressed hard against the wound, to prevent any further blood loss, like John had taught him. He remembered a torrent of the word “no”. Then he remembered the same voice saying “Please don’t leave me like this. Please. I love you.”
Moriarty smiled. “Be good now, and set the gun on the floor and I’ll tell you how I did it.”
Sherlock tried to wait up for John to come out of the bathroom, but before he knew it he had fallen asleep on one of the beds. His last thought, was wondering why it took so quick for things to fall apart, and so long to be able to put them back together.
There was the sound of someone saying ‘no’ over and over again, and John thought he felt something being pushed against his side. It felt strong. Maybe like a hand. He wasn’t sure. John thought it odd that he couldn’t really see anything. Then he heard something that he defiantly didn’t expect to hear. Someone, the same person who had been saying ‘no’ then started saying “I love you” and “don’t leave me” and other sweet things. John thought to himself that the voice sounded very familiar, but then his hearing stopped, like his sight. And then soon feeling.
Sherlock’s eye focused on her, and he saw that she looked completely unharmed. “You’re safe?” He asked.
“He told him all about you. Everything he needed to know to start your public demise. How else would he have gotten to get all that information?” John said, almost feeling like he was explaining something to a toddler.
John looked down at the papers again, this time looking for the line Sherlock had described. And sure enough, as soon as he let his focus off of their pictures, he could see the lines, and then soon see how they resembled London.
“Why are you telling me this?” Sherlock asked, now confused, but trying not to show it on his face.
“What does this mean, Sherlock?” John asked looking up from the monitor.  “Is this targeting you or me?”
“And it’s true?” John said, more of a question than a statement.
“But the only other person besides, you and I was Mycroft.” John said.
One day, when Rosie was napping John was sitting at the table by the windows above the street, staring at his blank laptop screen. Sherlock had just finished some sort of experiment in the kitchen, which had left an interesting smell in the air. It was neither good nor bad.
“Where would the fun in that be?” Sherlock said, walking across the room to grab his coat.
“You’ve done the math.” Sherlock said, turning back to Moriarty. “You know that if you shoot first, you will die, and even if you have enough time to shot your own gun John will be able to get out of the way.”
“You come with me.” Moriarty said.
“You text me telling me that there might be a bomb outside our door, and then you leave me for hours wondering where you’ve gone off to and if you’re okay!” She continued her rant, following Sherlock and John upstairs.
Mary moved into the circular room.  The fish swam all around the walls in complete silence. The blue light of the water reflected around the room.
“Sherlock?” He said, somewhat quietly.
John did so, and as Sherlock started patting the back of the page down with cranberry juice, the image started to take form. The shapes were blocky, and hard to make out, but after looking closely enough both John and Sherlock saw the upper half of a woman, standing behind a crescent shaped object. Shapes fill the area behind her, and in the bottom center the words “chariot” could be read.
“It was in my office this morning. Thought it might mean something to you.”
"Call me Sherlock. None of this 'Mr. Holmes' business." Sherlock's hand was still on John's chin, even though it was unnecessary; John couldn't look away even if he wanted to.
"Of course, John. There's plenty of room left for any pictures we take of Rosie's growth. I thought you both would like something to keep the memories fresh."
“Sherlock, love, let’s just go.” John attempted to get Sherlock to calm down. “Come on.” He said. Sherlock looked at John and nodded. He turned around and made to leave.
"John." Sherlock closed the gap between them, gently placing his lips against John's. He waited a moment, perfectly still, making sure it was alright for him to do this. John gasped and moved his lips, Sherlock immediately following. The younger boy felt a warm hand on the side of his face, fingers twirling in his curls, as John pulled him in even closer. Their kiss was sweet and soft, a touch of uncertainty at the new turn their relationship had taken. Sherlock broke the kiss, intending to ask if he had John's permission to continue, but the older boy was having none of that. Sherlock chuckled as he crashed his lips against his own. The taller boy soon made to sit up, swinging a leg over, planting his knee at the side of John's hip. Neither broke the kiss as John rolled onto his back and Sherlock sat on top of him. The kiss had picked up speed, and they were now hungrily devouring each other, hands roaming freely of the other's body.
John and Mycroft slowly walked into Sherlock’s room. John stopped in his tracks as he saw how pale Sherlock’s skin had gone, how weak and fragile and broken he looked.
“Hello, Sherlock. I’ve got something for you.” Greg walked into the flat with a slightly worried expression on his face.
Sherlock alike loved every single moment that their lips touched any part of the others body.
“I don’t know how I’ll ever repay you! You saved me and me bar from getting a mighty fine beatin’ I know I couldn’t pay for.” The bar owner smiled brightly at Sherlock, “Mr. ‘Olmes, you and your fella here,” he turned to John and winked, “can have tonight on the house!”
“I’m glad you’re home, John. I couldn’t care less where I sleep. You deserve to be comfortable.” The detective looked down at the floor, careful to avoid looking into John’s captivating eyes.
“Mm. Oh. Right. Must’ve dozed off a bit. Sorry ‘bout that, love.” He mumbled sleepily as he lifted his head and followed Sherlock out of the cab.
Sherlock slowly opened his eyes and John sobbed. At some point the doctors and nurses had all left the room and Mycroft remained out in the hallway, leaving him and the detective alone.
The family sat around the table as John opened his presents. The day was over far too soon, but the night had only just begun. The couple kissed Rosie on the cheeks and thanked her for her efforts to make John's birthday a happy one. They closed the door and went to their bedroom.
"Yeah, Sherlock. I really do." He chuckles as Sherlock throws himself at John again, hugging the older man's neck with so much strength that he's scared he might actually hurt him. Yet again, John pulls back, wiping a tear from under Sherlock's right eye. "You know what I really want to do right now, though?"
Sherlock smiled, yet again blown away by John's ability to be so astonishingly fantastic. "That sounds perfect, John."
38 minutes later found John in the loo and Sherlock out by the bar, where are a man came up to him and started chatting.
“SWEET JESUS, JOHN, IF YOU DON’T HURRY UP AND PUT THAT DAMN THING IN THERE ALREADY WE ARE GOING TO HAVE A SERIOUS PROBLEM.” He yelled as John’s fingers relentlessly stroked his prostate with every move of his fingers.
"I can't see why anyone would say that. That was extraordinary, Mr. Holmes." He tore his eyes from Sherlock's, "
He’s dead. I killed him. He’s gone. I never told him. I never fucking told him. He had no idea. He had no idea how much I needed him. How much I loved him. I never told him. And now he’ll never know. I can’t believe I never told him. He makes my life worth living. He saved me. He gave me a purpose in life. He never knew how much I loved to hear him deduce, to watch him get annoyed at that one curl that always seemed to fall out of place, to listen to the beauty that came from his violin.
John and Mycroft were grabbed and removed from the room as a team of doctors stormed in. John’s eyes were blank as he started to process what just happened. He’s crashing, he thought to himself, but that means – NO.
“Goodnight, love.”
The two had never fallen asleep quicker.
“Is this what normal friends do? Do flatmates ever do this sort of thing?”
Sherlock took in a big breath and blew it out shakily. “You… you what?”
“Bedroom. Now.” Sherlock removed his hand and detached himself from John before stepping away and heading towards their bedroom. “Coming?” he asked from the doorway.
John chuckled and pressed a sweet kiss to Sherlock's temple, then his lips. The younger man cuddled up around John, throwing one tired, heavy leg over John's and wrapping his arm around the shorter man's torso, pressing his face into John's bare chest. He placed a couple of chaste kisses on the older man's chest before whispering, "Goodnight, John."
Hold my hand.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and leaned down, drawing John into an almost bruising kiss. "John, I do believe that if you take me home right now... well. I don't think you'll regret it." The taller man nibbled on John's left ear as he whispered, a moan making its way from the doctor's mouth.
“Good. Excellent. They’re gonna make you better, Sherlock, I promise. You’re going to be okay. Dear God, you have to be okay.”
John nodded.
******************
John added in a second finger, then a third, making sure to be gentle but efficient as he prepared Sherlock, who had begun moaning like mad anytime John’s fingers brushed his prostate.
John’s hand began to start slowly caressing Sherlock’s thigh. Something changed in Sherlock's eyes and John knew exactly what he needed.
"Me too, love." John plants a soft kiss to Sherlock's curls, then truly notices Sherlock's position. He's wearing John's second favourite jumper, his favourite jumper discarded on his lap, so he was clearly holding it, and, most obvious, he's in John's bed, wrapped tightly in John's blankets, and was sleeping on John's pillow.
"I'd love to, John," he mumbled cheerfully, a broad smile on his face. He brought John's head up and kissed him again.
When the kiss finally breaks, they are both gasping for air, their foreheads resting against each other. Sherlock smiles down at John, who can't help but to smile back. The pair quickly fall into a fit of giggles, before they both lean in, lips meeting in the middle.
name, spilling all over his stomach and John's hand. Sherlock's orgasm must've been too much for John, for he thrust one more time before he stilled and let out a filthy moan, coming inside of Sherlock. Sherlock was twitching below him, the shock of his orgasm still lingering.
"Where are we going?" Sherlock asked.
"God, no! I'm sorry, you're not doing anything wrong, in fact you're doing amazing," Sherlock smiled wide as he saw John blush at his words, "I just - I can't believe you're here. Actually here. You're finally home and it's for good this time. I don't have to worry about you leaving again in two days are going back to that awful place. I'm so happy that you're finally here, John." Sherlock sniffled, removed his hands from their place on John's bare chest, and brought them to his eyes, rubbing away the tears that were still threatening to form.
Rush in
Sherlock giggled and decided not to torture his poor boyfriend anymore. He took the tip of John’s dick into his mouth and began sucking. John let out a filthy moan as Sherlock sucked harder, occasionally licking a stripe down the underside. If he could’ve, Sherlock would have smiled as he watched the doctor fall apart above him.
They danced for hours, not worrying about anything besides each other. Rosie stayed sleeping peacefully the rest of the night, leaving them alone. They alternated between quietly singing to each other, hugging, looking into each other’s eyes, smiling, and kissing.
“John?” Sherlock whispered, afraid to break the silence, terrified of causing John to move away from him.
After an eternity, Sherlock finally spoke. “John. You love me,” John nodded, “Right. And you’re afraid I don’t reciprocate your feelings.” John hesitated, but nodded again, “Right. And, correct me if I’m wrong, but I did just jump in front of a bullet to make sure you didn’t die.”
Sherlock and John had been on a case. A local coffee shop owner had been found dead in his apartment. It was a staged suicide, obvious by the fact that he had been shot in the left side of the head when he was clearly right handed. The telly was still on, there was an untouched cup of tea the victim made before his untimely death, no one would make themselves a cuppa before putting a bullet in their brains without drinking it, the balcony door was wide open, if he had killed himself, he would’ve kept it closed. It was unbearably obvious that this was indeed a murder, not a suicide, but nonetheless, the so called “officers” ruled it as such.
“…John…” A voice. Sherlock’s voice. Open your eyes! Damn it! Get yourself together, Watson. Blood. I see blood. And… Sherlock. Sherlock’s blood. Sherlock’s blood is covering my hands.
*Bang* *Bang* *Bang Bang*
John’s left arm is gently wrapped around Sherlock’s neck, his right hand is holding the detectives left. Sherlock has his right arm loosely draped over John’s waist. The doctors head is resting against his fiancé’s chest, listening to his heartbeat; Sherlocks chin sits in his doctor’s silvery hair.
John backed up as Sherlock grabbed his arm to spin him in a circle. John began laughing as he twirled twice and was pulled back into Sherlock’s arms to return to their original position.
They stayed like that, tongues and lips and hands working like mad, savoring every second of this new, wonderful, intoxicating experience. John broke the kiss, to Sherlock’s obvious dismay, but quickly made up for it as he began sucking on Sherlock’s neck.
They stayed in that position until the aftershocks of their orgasms wore off; John slid out of Sherlock with a soft
Greg continued, “Can’t figure it out. We’re pretty stumped.”
Sherlock was standing behind Rosie, smiling at the two of them. Rosie let go of her father and rambled about the morning's activities, from balloons to cake to decorating, 'all while you slept like a big sleepyhead.'
Sherlock, John, and Rosie spent the better part of their afternoon playing in the flowers, basking in the sunshine, enjoying one of those rare, precious moments life offers. When the world seems to be at peace, where there seems like not a thing could go wrong, when everything was completely, utterly perfect.
“Sherlock.” John walked into the kitchen where Sherlock sat, staring at his microscope.
“I love you, John.”
"Oh god, I-I'm close... John. Fuck! Mmmmmmmmmm!" Sherlock let out the filthiest moan John had ever heard, releasing onto John's abdomen. John thrust one more time before his back arched, his toes curled, and he saw stars, screaming as he came inside of Sherlock. Both of their orgasms were so powerful that Sherlock thought he could probably feel the number of hairs on John's legs and John couldn't voluntarily move as the rest of his orgasm made it's way through his body, leaving him twitching.
"I love you too, my brilliant moon."
*********
"JOHN!"
I think we can all agree that I'm a horrible person. I can't even think of a summary, honestly. You will know what's happening when you read the first sentence, I promise. Enjoy!!
Stop three: Complete!
“Thank you, John.”
“Appreciated, but as I said, unnecessary. Now, if you could please continue with what you were doing.”
“John, I’ve been meaning to ask you. What do you want to do about the living situation?”
"Ice skating. You. Want. Me. To.
"I love you, Sherlock. I haven't loved anyone as much as I love you. I must be a bloody idiot to not have seen it sooner." John chuckled as he voiced his next thought, "I guess most platonic friendships don't include one of them to never stop thinking of the other. I think I've always known that I had these feelings for you but I never really knew how to define them so I tried ignoring it. But, Sherlock, now, I can't believe how much I love you." He took a panicked breath before hurrying out his next line, "And I completely understand if you don't reciprocate those feelings. I just thought you should know.
**********
After reading the list, the man giggled again, nodding his head, "Wonderful job, Ro. Of course we do. Let me get dressed, I'll fix you a quick breakfast and we can go get cake, lots and lots of presents, all of the balloons, and flowers. Did I miss anything?"
John was now bursting out laughing. The look of arousal, excitement, then confusion, concern, confusion again, and then annoyance and embarrassment that flashed over Sherlock's features was enough to make anyone pee themselves with laughter.
"Oh, shut it, you big git." John averted his eyes to the floor, blushing even harder at being caught. "Do you want to go out or not, Sherlock?"
John's face was stained with tears, his eyelashes were wet, his nose ran, and he was silently sobbing as he turned each page and found a new picture of his gorgeous daughter. When he finished the book, he looked up at Sherlock, who seemed concerned.
, leave you. You are the only thing in my life that matters. You. If I left you, I'd be leaving my reason for living. I love you, John and I doubt that there is much of anything you could do that would warrant my leaving. Do you understand?"
***********
John thought it over, "That would be great, actually. Thank you."
Sherlock smiled and kissed his forehead as they continue swaying.
Only fools
He huffed. "Yes."
"You could stop laughing at me now, John."
“I love you. I think I’ve loved you from the very beginning, I was just too… I don’t know… afraid, I suppose, to admit to myself. But I love you, Sherlock Holmes, and I understand entirely if you don’t feel the same way, but after tonight, after I thought I’d lost you again, permanently, I just knew I would never be able to live with myself if something else happened to you and I never got the chance to say that.” John exhaled and waited for Sherlock’s answer.
“Fucking brilliant. Come here.” Sherlock threw his arm around John’s neck, drawing him in, and kissed him. Hard. He felt the doctor laugh against his lips at his eagerness, but he couldn’t have cared less.
bedroom. They ate quietly in bed, not doing anything other than letting the sexual tension build up so high that Sherlock's ears almost popped. In time, they finished eating and as soon as John put his fork down, Sherlock piled everything onto the tray, and set the tray on the floor. John chuckled at Sherlock's urgency, but stopped rather quickly as Sherlock slammed their lips together. Sherlock moved, his new position allowing him to straddle John's thighs with his own, place his hands at either side of John's head, and quiet efficiently allowed him to grind his hips on the man below him.
Sherlock managed a semi smile at John’s relieved expression. “Water?” John reached over and poured the water from the pitcher into a small cup with a straw and handed it to Sherlock, who took it greedily. John returned his hands to where they were.
“Alright, then.” John smiled softly, awkwardly, as he stood up. “Tea?”
In other words,
“John-” He tried.
His knees were weak, his fingers alternating between anxiously drumming against his leg and spinning the wedding ring on his left hand over and over as he waited. His stomach was in knots, whether from excitement or nerves he was unsure; he hadn't eaten since the day before. How could he? How could he focus on something as dull as eating when John was coming home? His John. 4 years of no more than 7 day visits every several months, little communication, no touching or hugging or kissing or speaking, god, John was finally coming home, for good.
The DI sighed, both annoyed and grateful. “Thank you, Sherlock. And it’s Greg, not Gerald. Or Gavin. Or Gerry. Or-”
John cleared his throat. “I, um, I wanted to tell you something, actually.” Sherlock gave John a confused look, raising his eyebrow, telling him to proceed. “Well, you see, Sherlock. You died. For a moment there, you were gone. Completely. And, uh, it made – made me realize that there are a lot of things I never told you. I think now is as good of a time as any. So, uh, I’m just – I just wanted to…the thing I wanted to say was-”
FOR YOUR OWN SAFETY, GO BLOW ANDERSON WITH THAT DISGUSTING MOUTH OF YOURS BEFORE I KILL YOU."
“I do try my best for you, John.”
“Of course, apologies. We got a call this morning. Triple murder. Pretty gruesome from what I’ve seen in the pictures. They’re siblings. No parents, no suspects. A couple was walking around the area and saw blood scattered around the place, found ‘em lying dead. All scratched up, like they were maimed. Cuts and bruises, missing body parts, it’s… it’s pretty bad, Sherlock.” The DI sighed and ran a hand through his hair.
“Mm. Morning, love.” John mumbled sleepily.
“I suppose that would be quite alright, John.” He blushed as he risked a glance back at John, their eyes locking.
*******************
"John! Language!" Sherlock tried to sound stern, but his lips involuntarily twitched up and he sputtered, sounding like a sprinkler, as he tried to stifle his laugh.
Rosie calls Sherlock Da. I have no idea why, I don't know if I read it somewhere or if it was my own idea but "dad" didn't work for me and John is "papa." Enjoy :)
, that might interest you later tonight, once Rosie's gone to bed. I can guarantee that what I have in mind is extra cause for celebration." He pressed a feather soft kiss to John's ear, then his neck, then his lips, before abruptly pulling back, "Tea?"
Sally's eyes just about popped out of her skull but Sherlock's message was apparently heard loud and clear. Sally huffed and made her way down the corridor, her heels clacking obnoxiously on the tile floor.
Sherlock's alarm screeched, waking them both up. When they opened their sleep heavy eyes, they noticed that they were both still naked (of course) and that their limbs were tangled together. Sherlock reluctantly pulled from John's embrace, willing himself to get out of bed before the desire to stay in it all day took over. He lifted his legs over the side of the bed and stood, stretching his arms high above his head and yawning. Before he knew what he was doing, John grabbed Sherlock's wrist and pulled him back onto the bed, smiling.
Sherlock spent the remainder of the morning and the afternoon thinking of nothing other than John. He was nervous and fidgety for tonight, but oh, so fucking excited.
The doctor held onto the box as he slid off the side of the bed to kneel on the floor. Sherlock, crying, moved to his knees to follow John. John looked up at him with tears rolling down his cheeks, smiled softly, cleared his throat, and with shaky hands, opened the box to reveal a gorgeous gold ring.
“That… was incredible,” John panted, falling back on the bed, giggling like mad.
“Are you alright?”
“John, come closer.” John leaned down. “Closer.” He moved again, “Close enough for me to kiss you, please.” John stopped for a second. He took a breath, licked his lips and looked into Sherlock’s eyes. Sherlock used all the strength he could muster to lift his hand to John’s cheek. He ran his fingers through the doctor’s hair before pulling him down, their lips just a couple inches apart. “I love you, too, John.”
"Hello, John." Sherlock smiled softly and nodded to the door, beckoning John to follow him in.
At the sound of the door to 221 slamming shut, Sherlock felt like the wind had been completely knocked out of him. He dropped to his knees, his eyes overflowing and burning with tears.
"Well. I was thinking that maybe we should go on one this afternoon. Would you like to?"
They waited for a few minutes, catching their breath, giving each other feather-soft kisses, before Sherlock pulled off of John with a quiet pop. “I’m leaking,” he giggled, flopping onto the bed beside his husband. He settled onto his side and tossed one arm over the other man’s chest. He reached up to press a kiss to John’s lips and then buried his nose in the crook of his neck.
Sherlock hesitates, but shakes his head again. "No, I thought I ruined everything. I thought... I thought you never wanted to see me again. I thought I'd lost you," he admits, moving his head a little deeper into the crook between John's neck and shoulder. He feels John's arms tighten around him, and notices a single tear on the side of his face that isn't his own.
John, despite his best efforts not to, laughed at Sherlock’s outburst. “It’s very dull, Sherlock,” he claimed as he started the car.
John didn't answer for a moment. He closed his eyes as another tear fell and tried to even out his breathing. Deep breath in, deep breath out. Deep breath in, deep breath out. He repeated this several times, until he was confident enough that he could speak without breaking into a sobbing fit again. "You... you left me. We got into a fight - I don't remember what about - but you were furious. I tried apologizing and I begged you not to leave but you did. You walked out. And...there was a crash outside. I didn't even have to look, Sherlock. You were gone. Oh god, you were gone."
John laughed and made his way to the fridge. He smiled at the nicely decorated cake and set it on the counter before cutting into it and putting a piece on each of the three plates.
Arriving at their destination, they got out of the cab and entered the building. It was a nice place, crowded, slightly loud, but not overwhelming. There was an impressive bar with an uncountable number of various alcohol bottles, many waiters and waitresses walking around, drinks in hand, giving them to the poor saps that had already drunk too much. Sherlock began deducing the crowd rather quickly. He was snapped out of it by a tug on his sleeve.
"Go? Go where? Ro - Rosie!" He watched as she quickly and quietly tip toed out of the room, waving her hand behind her, beckoning Sherlock to follow. He groaned as he slipped his warm feet into slippers, stretched, and wandered into the living room. He sighed as Rosie put on her light up sneakers and smiled at him widely.
bastard,” in Canar.
“How long?” came the next question.
No doubt John had figured out why I flinched, but he chose to ignore it.
“Besides, that would make two of us.” Sherlock smiled wryly. It took a moment for me to realise what he meant – he proclaimed himself a high-functioning sociopath, after all. Did he really see himself that way or was that a blind to everyone who threw ‘psycho’ at him?
“Finally shown up, Freak?” she asked passive-aggressively. Contrary to her belief, I
“– him,” Mycroft conceded. “The dog eventually had to be put down, and my brother was heartbroken for a time afterwards. Considering that, I don’t think it’s very appropriate for him to become attached to someone else’s pet.”
The smell of something burning broke that supremely awkward moment. “Sorry,” I said, moving to throw the ruined dish away.
“What?” the creature queried, excited, looking like he'd wag his tail if he had had one. Breathing heightened, ears pricked up – I had his attention, alright.
“You don’t have to – to think like that, Sherlock. You don’t have to do any of this,” he countered. Why didn’t he see how very necessary he was? I wasn’t being – God forbid –
“And there’s that,” RJ said. “Sherlock, I’m sorry. I’ll explain. Phoenix and I have powers that lie mostly in the invisible plane of existence; that’s why it’s so easy to pass off as normal. Reyalon, on the other hand, might be slightly telepathic, but his main power is noctokinesis.”
There was an awkward, tense silence, until a chirrupy tenor remarked, “Hello, boys of Baker Street.”
“There’s one in every county in Britain, John,” Skye explained.
“No reason?” I echoed, anger rising from deep inside my gut. I was a
Wolf-John expressed pleasant surprise. I don’t think he thought me capable of such ‘thoughtfulness’, as he termed it – or even cooking at all. Soon, though, he shocked me in turn.
“What does the pearl have to do with Moriarty?” John asked quietly.
“I don’t know.” John said quietly.
“Yes you do.” Sherlock and John said at the same time.
John got up, and went to the bathroom, shutting the door.
Mycroft considered the situation. He thought back to seeing his brother sitting in the waiting room. They hadn’t said anything to each other.  That had been strange. He thought a minute more.
Sherlock nodded. The rest of the officers had crowded around now, wanting to get a good look at the famous pearl that had gone missing, and now was apparently found. The crowds of people being held back by the police tape started getting nosier as well.
John started, looking past Sherlock’s shoulder. “I’ve thought about what I wanted to say.”
John went to the chair, and looked inside the bag. “Cranberry juice and a lighter?” John said incredulously as he pulled out the items. “What on earth are you planning to do with these?” He said, knowing very well that he wouldn’t get answer.
Sherlock’s eyes flew open, and he searched until he found a staircase leading up to the area he assumed judges would sit to watch performances. He lined up his eye sight, until it matched perfectly. This was where the sniper would have been sitting.
“You said he wasn’t back.” John said slowly, his pointer finger moving between the laptop and Sherlock’s face, which was still very close. “How can he be back? He blew his own brains out.” John said, quoting himself from a couple months ago.
Sherlock swallowed hard. The clock in his mind was down to 3 minutes. 3 minutes to live. 3 minutes to try to saw what he had wanted to saw for years now. He thought back to the time he almost said something. The same problem staring him in the face. Now it was presented to him again.
Sherlock agreed.
Eventually John noticed a large red stuffed animal lobster, which was what the bar code had been for. After looking closer at the stalls around it, they were able to find the rest of the items at different stalls.
Lestrade took one second to glace over to the side of the action, and saw Sherlock disappear behind the house. He knew that if Sherlock was safe, then John would be safe as well. But this one second cost Lestrade, and a lightning bolt of pain shot through him, and he looked down to see that the side of his shirt had been torn.
“Sherlock.” John said.
John smiled a little.
“If you take care of that I can look closer at the drawings, and try to guess what they might have to do with our past, and connection with Moriarty.” John said, not truly believing that Sherlock would agree to it.
“No.” Sherlock said, turning his phone around to show John. “I think we have to go see her.”
“You got into a bit of trouble. You underwent some surgery, and have been moved to this room where you’ll be staying for a little bit. Just a couple more days in here and you’ll be fine.” The nurse said. “You were lucky that the bullet didn’t hit anything important.” A smile. “You have some company. Should I let them in?”
“I was going to tell you.” Mycroft said, sitting at his desk with his arms crossed looking at his brother, and John Watson across from him. He sounded almost scared.
The day moved on. Sherlock continued looking at things online. John started putting together a list of all the places they had dealt with Moriarty before, and trying to think of the most likely place he would hide a baby.
Sherlock nodded.
“Unless they mean something individually.” John said, one arm folded across his chest, the other holding his chin up. “Like that one with the three puppets. Mycroft, Mary, and well who would the other one be?”
**************************
John nodded, or at least tried to. He stopped when his head hurt too much and simply replied with “yes.”
“No more talking.” Mary said, changing her stance for a better shooting position, then moving her finger to pull the trigger
“It’s been here for about 10 minutes, whoever left it is long gone.” Sherlock informed him.
Sherlock shook his head, and caught the one that Lestrade tossed over to him. “Great screening process Scotland Yard has! What is this, half of your force, working for Moriarty?” He said.
The tall detective, with his knowledge of hand-to-hand combat, should’ve been more than a match for the wolf-boy, but Skye kicked up his knees, throwing Sherlock off balance for a second. The two of them fell to the ground and began to scuffle, while I ran to my room and brought back my gun.
. Recreating that particular itinerary would make this trip feel a little too much like a pilgrimage, so he decided to drive.
“What’s his deal? Some secret government agency?” She ran one finger around the rim of her glass.
“John, sit down,” Sherlock said.
An hour before it was time to get dressed, she pulled him into her room and showed him the pearl necklace she was going to wear. “It’s the something old bit. It was Mum’s, do you recognise it? Wanted to show you first, so you can get any blubbering out of the way. You’re a sentimental twat sometimes.”
Thanks always to peg22 and everyone for being so patient and the nice comments.
movie, did Mycroft make him happy.
“Only if you don’t mind, Mrs. Hudson.” Lestrade smiled and Mrs. Hudson’s hand went to her hair, smoothing it and smiling back.
“Not bloody likely.” John spit out the words. “I can’t . . .”
“Drowning.” It was a relief to say it out loud.
Okay, he was sick. He would admit to being sick.
John ignored her and set the kit on the coffee table, opened it and busied himself with unwinding gauze and ripping pieces of tape. Kate saw that his hands were trembling and she knew they were as far from okay as possible.
He breathed slowly, willing his brain either back into REM sleep or up into actual consciousness. As he ticked off any number of reasons for this neurological episode, he heard the sound of a Hoover clicking on, faint, but familiar. He held a breath as he listened for what he knew would be the turning up of a transistor radio, adding to the noise. Why Mrs. Hudson couldn’t just wait until after the hoovering to listen to her music . . .
The time he broke his ankle stepping off a kerb. When he ate a pound of water beetles (chocolate-covered, but still) because Sherlock bet him fifty pounds he couldn’t. Mary Morstan.  March 10, 2014.
He sat in his chair, logged on and found the blog. He scrolled down the page until he found March 28th. John must have posted the entry this morning while Sherlock was still sleeping. He skimmed it – John’s writing skills were appalling – how he managed to make a living as a crime novelist, he didn’t know. There were several comments – from Harry and Mike Stamford and a few other names he didn’t recognise. He knew he’d written a comment but he couldn’t find it.
John held up the glass, pointing a finger at him. “You don’t get to do that.”
“Do I need to make a fucking list? You solved two cases in one day. One without even looking at the file. No one’s that brilliant. You paid for dim sum. You tidied up in here. And now you’re offering to get takeaway.”
“John, as much as Sherlock believes that he is at the epicentre of every world event, there is now evidence to suggest that you were, in fact, the intended victim. Do you recall a Private Thomas Pearce?”
“With?”
“So is Christmas.”
“Then it won’t be hard to do this. Stay away from John until the job is finished. Another six months, a year at most. Surely you can wait that long.”
John stood up from the table and stretched. “What did you have in mind?” he asked, smiling.
“Do you know where or what Voxcross is? I googled it but nothing came up.”
. She wondered if Lestrade knew Sherlock had his credentials. She wondered why she didn’t walk downstairs, hail a cab, and catch the next flight out of Heathrow.
“Are you in pain? Does your head hurt?” John lifted himself onto an elbow, laid his hand on Sherlock’s cheek. “Dizzy?”
entertaining that possibility seemed the greater folly.
He sat on the too-soft hotel bed, his eyes tired and swollen, and read the report one more time.
“What am I doing?”
Sherlock had promised. Of course John hadn’t believed he would ever live to collect.
John dropped Sherlock’s wrist, pulled both hands away and stepped back. Crossed his arms. Frowned. “What did you take?”
“A fellow enthusiast, shall we say.” Sutton lowered the gun a little.
“He was about to kill you.”
John leaned over him, took the cigarette from his mouth and rested it in the ashtray. “Let’s go back to bed. We have time.” He kissed him and pulled him up from the chair.  “I’ll order you breakfast after,” John promised.
, like a scarlet letter pinned to her sleeve. He felt he’d let her down by
“Molly does.”
“And you are?” Kate asked in as polite a voice as she could manage.
“Inspector?”
My legs are shaking and he pushes me off his chest and takes my hand and leads me to the side of the bed. I sit down and he kneels in front of me, and kisses me hard on the lips and I reach out and grab his shoulders to keep from falling. He slips a hand between my legs and barely touches my cock, moving down to my balls, kneading lightly.
Sherlock was the one to sing the next lyric. He planted a soft kiss into Johns hair and in his low, baritone voice, sang “I love you.”
John shot out of his chair so quickly it made him dizzy. “Yes, that’s me. How is he?”
"Will you go on a date with me tonight, Sherlock?" He inquired.
Sherlock couldn’t breathe. He knew exactly what he wanted to say but he couldn’t get the words out. A loud, happy sob ripped through him as he collected himself and slid onto the floor in front of John.
Sherlock slowly and carefully set Rosie down in her crib and quietly tip toed back to John. Noticing his tears, concern spread over his face as he asked, “John? What’s the matter? Are you okay? Did I do something wrong?”
Sherlock smiled at her response, "Very satisfactory, indeed. You can colour in your bee book for a few minutes while I get ready, yes?"
The two men said no more about tonight’s sleeping arrangements. They did their normal bedtime routine; brushed their teeth, and the likes of it were all done in an almost comfortable silence. Sherlock stood by his side of the bed, John slowly walked toward the other. They pulled back the comforter, carefully climbing in. As John laid down, he turned off the lamp next to him, and pulled the cover over himself.
“Come on, John!” Sherlock mumbled impatiently while sticking one arm through his signature coat.
“No. I can’t promise you that, John. I can’t promise that I won’t do every single thing I can to defend our marriage. You are the most important thing to me. My reason for living. I love you so much, but I can’t say that because it would just be a lie. I will do everything in my power to make sure no one thinks that you and I are doing anything wrong. I am yours and you are mine and we are together. I don’t want to fight anymore, but if I have to defend your honour, I’m damn well going to. I’m not going to let people attack the only thing that matters to me. I suppose I can promise you that I won’t initiate the fights, but I’ll always make sure it’s known that our relationship is everything but wrong.”
“I love you, Sherlock. So, so much.” He mumbled sleepily, a faint smile on his face.
“Yes, yes, yes, Greg, my apologies. Out.” Sherlock rushed.
John and Sherlock arrived home and John cleaned up the cut on Sherlock’s cheek.
romance. Rosie brought her father sunflowers for adoration (also, because 'Da, they're so so so pretty and if I love them, Papa loves them, too').
"That, my love, is for me to know and you to deduce."
“Oh, no. No, my husband, John, he went to the loo shortly before you came over.” Sherlock glanced at the door, watching as John came out of it, wiping his wet hands on his jeans. “There he is now. Ah, he’s coming over.” John stopped at Sherlock’s side, “Hello, John. This is Gerald.”
Sherlock felt his blood boil, felt steam shooting out of his ears. Who did this guy think he was? Did he honestly think he could say that to John and I’d just let him? Sherlock’s face had gone red and his hands were clenched into fists as he tried to calm down. He felt John’s hand on his arm.
In other words,
For I can’t help
“Thank you. Thank you so much.” John cried as he heard the news.
“Sherlock?” Here he is, he’s in my arms. He’s in my arms and he’s hurt. Oh. He’s dying. You’re a doctor, Watson! Get to it! The pieces clicked. “Sherlock! Fuck! Hold on, please. Stay with me! NO! Don’t you dare close your eyes. Sherlock! Please. Please, please, please, please, don’t leave me. Stay awake, come on, you can do it. I know you can. Come on.” I put pressure on the wound, to stop the blood, using every bit of my knowledge as an army doctor and putting it to use. He can’t die. I won’t let him die. “They’re almost here, Sherlock,” I promised as I watched a single tear roll off my cheek and splash against his forehead. “The ambulance is gonna be here in just a moment, hold on for me until then. Okay? Can you do that?”
“He made it out of surgery. He has lost a very large amount of blood and suffered many major injuries, but he should fully recover.” She smiled softly, trying to reassure the man in front of her that Sherlock would be okay.
John laughs, getting off the bed and standing up. "I highly doubt you were cold, Sherlock. I think that maybe you missed me?" he teased, stifling a chuckle.
"Well, it made you laugh, didn't it?" He chuckled.
John grunted in frustration. “We should what? If you say slow down, I will kill you right here and right now.”
The kiss is sweet, so sweet it makes John's teeth hurt. He smiles into the kiss as Sherlock lets out a happy sob before opening his mouth, allowing John's tongue to slip in. Sherlock hesitantly allows his tongue to brush against John's, making sure everything he does, John consents.
Sherlock quickly removed the kettle from its place on the burner and turned back to John, watching as Rosie looked up and shouted, "Happy birthday, Papa!" She ran to him and embraced her father and he kissed her curly hair.
"So," John placed a hand on either of Sherlock's hips, and slowly brought them together, "I was told I had an extra gift?"
"What is your fucking problem?" Everything about John's body language screamed 'military doctor that could break every bone in your body while naming them,' and it was clear that he was not taking too kindly to the verbal abuse Sherlock was being submitted to.
Sherlock watched as John's hands tapped anxiously on the side of his pant leg, awaiting the taller boy's answer. "Actually, John, that would be wonderful. Thank you. Truly."
“John. Please look at me,” he begged. John turned his gaze to Sherlock, calming down a bit more almost instantly as their eyes locked. “I am so, so sorry, John. I had no idea – I didn’t know he was going to… I’m sorry.” Sherlock placed his hands on either side of John’s head as he let his head fall, ashamed.
“Oh my fucking god. You… you feel SO fucking good, Sherlock. Oh my god.”
“You’re so fucking adorable. Get your arse down here.”
"Are you alright, love?" John asked.
John groans, deepening the kiss as he sneaks a hand into Sherlock's curls, and gently pulls them forward.
This is kind of a weird one. Sherlock and John are married and John is still in Afghanistan. John's letters are in italics and Sherlock's letters are bold. Sherlock is the moon and John is the sun.
They continued to sleep in the same bed for a few weeks, occasionally they would wake up in each other’s arms and brush it off as if it were nothing. One night, they both laid awake after a particularly exciting case, in a comfortable silence until John began to speak:
"John, I'm sorry if this sounds weird but I live just a moment away and... well, would you like to spend the night and I can drive you to school in the morning?" Sherlock tried his best not to blush or show his true feelings. He almost succeeded.
John cursed under his breath. “Can we see him?”
John began to sing again, “Falling in love with you.” Sherlock leaned down and John leaned up, meeting in the middle, and they kissed again.
Sherlock pursed his lips, attempting to stifle a giggle, "Of course not, Ro. But, it is," he checked his watch, "5 o'clock in the morning. Not many places are going to be open yet, love."
“Thanks, love.” He began walking toward their room and started packing.
"I think I do, actually," he smiles before kissing the smaller man again. "I can't believe you came back," he mumbles, so quietly that John almost doesn't hear it. Sherlock sniffles before pulling him into another hug.
"Lube, of course. And, let's see, what is this?" John set the lube on the bed before reaching his arm into the bag again and taking out a large scrapbook. "Is this? Is this of Rosie?" He looked up in time to see Sherlock nodding.
*************
Let me see what spring is like
"Good morning," he whispered, looking deep into Sherlock's eyes. He brought their lips together in a sweet kiss.
John started singing this part, looking up at Sherlock, singing quietly and sincerely.
I'm sorry for not posting yesterday. It was my birthday and I had plans to see my brother and never got the chance to write. This one is pretty short and I'm sorry about that but I hope it's better than nothing. Enjoy!!!!
I am just going to apologize now. I am so, so, SO, sorry!!! This chapter is probably absolutely awful. I had very small windows of time to write today and I really wanted to get this chapter posted. Enough excuses, yes, I know. I hope you enjoy. If you like it, please, please, pretty please, tell me! kudos and comments are awesome! Thank you for reading!
“Yes.”
Sherlock opened his mouth at the feel of John’s tongue licking his bottom lip. He let a small, desperate moan escape his mouth as the doctor’s tongue claimed his own. Sherlock wanted more. He wanted every single part of the creature that was John Watson. So, he broke the kiss, tore his shirt off as quickly as he could and brought their lips together again. He started working the buttons of John’s shirt but stopped as he felt a pair of warm hands on his own.
Sherlock stepped back a bit, his walls clearly coming up, “Yes. Have been for 5 years, 7 months, and 15 days. Is there a problem?” John could see how agitated Sherlock had become. He was always ready to defend their marriage. If someone batted an eye at the them, Sherlock immediately became on edge. He’d learned a long time ago not to care about what people think of him, but he loathed the idea of people judging John for being with him. Most of the time, John could sense the tension vibrating off of him and see the fear in his eyes which caused him to pull him into a kiss right on the spot; if not to calm Sherlock down, which it always did, it was to ward off any peoples judgmental eyes. The detective had gotten into a few fights, John as well, but luckily, neither ever got seriously injured. A couple times Sherlock left with a few bruises, a black eye and a split lip, a few cuts maybe, but John had always made sure to tend to his wounds, ice his knuckles, make sure he was physically and mentally okay.
“CLEAR!”
Sherlock silently closed the door and went back over to where John was sleeping. He climbed over him, as silently as possible, and laid on his side. He gently grabbed John to bring him closer, his back against Sherlock’s chest. John hummed quietly at the movement, snuggling back into Sherlock’s arms.
Sherlock fucking died. He was dead. No more Sherlock Holmes, he waisted away into nothing at the feel of John’s thin, chapped lips against his own. The world’s one and only consulting detective died and went to heaven.
Baby kiss me.
"Mind? No, John, I would prefer it."
"Where are you going?"
Sherlock let a mischievous smile spread across his face before crashing his lips against Johns. John let out a small, desperate moan as Sherlock pushed his thigh in between John’s legs. Their kiss was deep, passionate, full of lust and longing; so sweet, so tender, but at the same time hard and rough and… absolutely perfect. John loved these kinds of kisses, he loved it when Sherlock let himself go, completely invading John’s mouth with his tongue, teeth ever so often nibbling at his lower lip just so he could run his tongue over it again. To be honest, John loved every single kiss the two had shared. The soft, close mouthed kisses the two would give each other after waking up side by side every morning, the passionate ones like this, the quick kiss John would place on his forehead when he was in his mind palace or using his microscope. He loved the ones that occurred after a couple drinks, the slow, burning kisses that undoubtedly lead to something more, but are too amazing to rush. John and
“You really are a bloody idiot, aren’t you?”
“What?” He snapped before turning his head to see Mycroft standing there, umbrella in hand. “Sorry. He’s – he’s in surgery now. They don’t know… they don’t know if he’s going to make it.” John heard his voice crack as he stated those last words. His tears had only just dried, but now they were returning along with a series of heart wrenching sobs.
John and Rosie move back into the flat. Sherlock and John share a few firsts ;)
“Mm. Mmhmmm, perfect.” He moaned as John began to work him open. His eyes snapped shut and his mouth hung open as the doctor’s fingers worked their magic.
The two pulled back at the same time and together, sang
“Love some.” He noted, picking up a different toy for Rosie, as she had grown bored of the abusive rattle. He placed it in her hands and looked up again at John, “Please,” he added.
a birthday John would never forget.
“No change. Clear!” they tried again. Nothing.
Sherlock turned onto his side to look at John’s face, “Yes, John?”
I'm sorry for the angst!!! I was trying to hold back tears throughout this chapter but I wanted to try an alternative first kiss because I generally like reading and writing first kiss scenes. SO, being the horrible person I am, I decided to make it sad. Enjoy!
John said nothing. He didn't move an inch, he didn't blink, or smile, or frown; it didn't even appear as though he was properly breathing. His eyes were vacant, not a single emotion projecting through them, as he listened to Sherlock speak.
“Alright, alright! I’m going!” Lestrade huffed, clearly irritated.
They eventually left the station and went home, made some tea, and for the first time, fell asleep...
“Sherlock.”
Sherlock, once again, brilliantly solves a murder. Sally Donovan is just a big jealous bigot that doesn't know how to keep her mouth shut. I honestly don't know what direction I wanted this to go in but I hope everyone likes the ending ;)
"Piss off!" He smiled as John chuckled.
“Fine, fine, I’m up.” He grunted as he detangled himself from Sherlock and sat up. Sherlock changed his sleep wrinkled suit for a different one, replacing his white shirt with the purple one he knew John loved. After 30 minutes, the two were ready to leave the flat.
A few minutes went by and they made their way back to the living room. The songs on the record had all played through so John walked over and removed the vinyl, replacing it with another.
"I'm certain he will absolutely love everything you do for him, Rose," he smiled at her softly, taking her hand as they walked back to the car.
"HE'S OBVIOUSLY NOT THE FATHER! LOOK AT HIS SHOES AND LOOK AT HER PURSE!" Sherlock exclaimed, turning to stare at John, who was laughing at his annoyed outburst.
"That it did."
The food was fine, maybe even great, Sherlock and John had no way of knowing, in fact they didn’t pay attention to anything besides each other. Sherlock couldn’t focus on anything besides Johns small, rough hand resting on his thigh, occasionally sliding just an inch or two higher only to rest again. The delicate drumming of his fingers on his inner thigh nearly drove Sherlock insane.
They curled up around each other and whispered sweet nothings until sleep fell upon them.
Rosie thought it over, long and hard, until she came to the conclusion, "Two of each! And then all 5 of the different birthday ones!" She smiled proudly at her response, looking to Sherlock to see if he had the same thought.
"Mr. Holmes! I am extremely impressed with this essay! You did a wonderful job." Mrs. Thomas beamed, making Sherlock blush as he thought about his study session with John.
**********
John nodded and whispered a soft "I love you, too" into Sherlock's neck as he hugged him tightly. "I'm sorry for waking you."
Wise men say,
They stepped onto the ice. "Alright. So, hold onto me right here," Sherlock grabbed John's shoulder, as directed, "Good. And you want to put your left foot in front like this," John showed him the movement, the genius following. "And then you just move your legs back and forth like that."
"Sherlock?"
John broke the kiss, both of them panting, and cursed as he felt a hand wrap around his dick, “Fuck,” he whispered as Sherlock’s hand began teasingly stroking.
The host walked away and greeted another family. A husband and wife, three kids, two boys and one girl. The parents had been married for roughly seven years; the husband is cheating on her with her sister, no. Not her sister. Her brother, yes, her brother. And – what is that? Oh. Oh. “John! John! That woman is having sexual relations with her boss… Oh, John, don’t be surprised, he is clearly shagging her brother every weekend while he pretends to be out golfing with his college friends.”
Sherlock giggled, begging his body not to let his cheeks go red, which they, of course, did. "I love you, too, John. If we weren't already married, I would say yes again... and again and again and again," Sherlock smiled as he lifted his head up again, kissing John with so much passion that, despite having just come less than 15 minutes ago, he found himself hard. Without breaking the kiss, John swung his leg over Sherlock, putting himself on top this time.
Sherlock broke the kiss, only long enough to say, "I told you so," before John chuckled and kissed him again.
The pair arrived at a floral shop, the smell of a plethora of flowers assaulting their senses, but bringing a quiet calmness to the day. They wandered about the shop for roughly 30 minutes before deciding on their purchases. Sherlock bought John red roses, as a simple reminder of his love and their
John gave a content sigh, kissed Sherlock's disheveled, sex-tousled curls, and happily said, "Goodnight, love."
“Yes, love. Of course, I will. There is no place else in the world I would rather be than with you.” He gave Sherlock’s nose a chaste kiss before the detective buried his face into John’s chest.
But I can't help
Sherlock slipped his hands out from under John's, causing John to playfully yell, "Hey!" They soon began tussling, which quickly became full on wrestling.
Sherlock grabbed John and connected their lips. John’s hands immediately started working the buttons of the detectives shirt as Sherlock tried to take off his own pants. Once they were both completely naked, he pushed the smaller man onto the bed and loomed over him. Sherlock grabbed the lube bottle off the nightstand and squirted a generous amount onto his fingers. John watched as Sherlock reached a hand between his legs, moaning as he worked himself open. He drank up the sight of the other man. He watched as a bead of liquid pooled at the top of the detectives dick. With John on his back, Sherlock removed his fingers and set himself over the doctor. He lined up his entrance and cried out as he lowered himself onto John’s cock. He closed his eyes and stilled for a moment, giving them both time to adjust, before slowly rocking his hips. John’s hands flew to the other man’s hips as lifted himself up and infuriatingly slowly pushed himself back down. They quickly got into a rhythm that was perfect for both of them; John would bring his hips up and thrust into Sherlock as he lowered himself down, aiming for Sherlock’s prostate every time. A mere constant stream of moans and groans filled the room as both men got closer and closer to release. John could tell Sherlock was extremely close, so he wrapped a hand around Sherlock’s neglected cock.
"Sherlock, I... I don't want to pretend you didn't say it. I don't want you to never say it again. God, Sherlock, I don't... I love you, too," he pauses as he hears Sherlock's breath catch, feels his body stiffen. He lets his eyes dart to where his thumb is still idly stroking his cheek. He takes in a deep breath before continuing, "I always have, I just didn't feel like I was ready to admit it until now. Sherlock, god, I am
"Oh hell," John sighed as he sat up, knees on either side of Sherlock's hips.
Sherlock still hadn't said a word. John felt pain in his chest as he realized that the detective really did believe everything Sally had said to him. He really thought he was undeserving of love, that he was a worthless, uncaring psychopath that didn't deserve respect or honour or care. 'Oh Sherlock,' John thought, 'You have no idea how wrong you both are. If anyone deserves love, it's you. I love you.' The doctor's eyes snapped open, unaware that they had been closed in the first place. He whispered to himself, "I love you." A bit louder now, "I love you." He looked up at Sherlock, "I love you." He watched as Sherlock's entire body changed. His arms tensed, his eyes widened, his back straightened, his head whipped up as John said it again, smiling, "I love you." Before the military man knew what he was doing, he had already crowded into Sherlock's personal space, his fists clenching and unclenching anxiously as he repeated himself, whispering it to the taller man, eyes burning holes into his brain. "I love you, Sherlock."
Although there was another question I needed to ask, left imprinted by Skye’s lurid descriptions of his own first shifts after he figured out what he was and connected it to lycanthropy. “
Give Sherlock a speck of dirt and he’d give you an address. I wasn’t him, but I was a bloody dog, and the wolf in me could decode the mix of scents in the tracks to tell me vaguely where the intruders had been (hopefully, they’d been to base recently). I knelt on the floor and sniffed.
.’) he did help as much as he could (‘
I snapped my eyes open to see the giant wolf lying half on top of a display. Thank God, Sherlock had dodged. The wolf rolled off hurriedly, and I spotted the gleam of the jewellery – oh, right. Werewolf. Silver. Sherlock, of course, wouldn’t know that, but he’d seen the adverse reaction of the thing. But it was growling, and not at Sherlock.
Well, he was right there. It was. And it did.
), didn’t graduate uni (
A thought had barely half-formed in my mind before RJ shook his head. “I wouldn’t recommend trying to unlock your memories now. You’re still in shock, and it’s not going to be good for you.” He pointed to my hand.
After a few hours of tag, we returned home, happily walking side by side. Again, I fixed supper for John. This time, he didn't stun me – in truth, he said very little beside
I wasn’t hungry, as usual. “Want anything, boys?” I asked.
God you really are old. [9:52 PM]
I was lead down the stairs by a sighing Lestrade, passing a smug-looking man who seemed to be Lestrade’s superior (any other details I deduced are irrelevant). A few moments later we heard a thud, then a scuffling sound and Donovan calling out, “Inspector!
Yep, John's POV again, because there's no way I can narrate this bit from Sherlock's POV. Anyway, thank you again to NovaNara for the incredible fic that this is a remix of! Hope you liked Skye and the others :)
RJ Hawthorne was hard to deduce after a day spent in hospital, since the traces of his normal activities were fainter than they should’ve been. Right-handed (
He wasn’t shot when he pulled me out of the way of that car; that meant that the other assassins’ orders included keeping me alive, otherwise he’d have been shot before then. “He saved my life but couldn’t touch me. Why?” I whirled off in the direction of 221B, with John tagging at my heels after sniffing at the assassin’s body.
“Stop it.” The sharp tone cut me off at once, and I looked up. “Stop it right there. You don’t get to decide what he can’t know, Sherlock, that’s just not how a relationship works.”
She gladly showed us the maroon folder of evidence – snapshots of Rich Brook’s career as an actor, interviews, casting articles, a CV, everything. Phoenix flipped through it methodically in a way that reminded me of Sherlock himself, who was still staring at Moriarty.
I thought about it for a moment. “How? If this guy really is impersonating your brother, wouldn’t he copy everything about him? Birthmarks, sunspots, everything?”
His eyes looked more purple than indigo, the sunrays striking the blood vessels behind his irises. They locked on Skye, who began what seemed to be a very intense staring contest.
“Yes he was,” Skye muttered grimly. “More accurately, he was
“You could have, but you chose not to,” he answered, with his air of ‘that’s-obvious-John-why-can’t-you-see-it’.
, I thought to myself.
My voice softened. “There’s nothing in you that warrants this fear and hatred, truly. I’m not just saying that because of my… dalliances with him. If that’s what you think. I am simply doing my best to analyse the situation and reach a conclusion desirable to all involved.” Somewhere during that speech I’d slipped from embarrassed lover to scrutinising scientist.
too literally and actually attacked… well, there was the gun I still held, safety still on.
John took a deep breath and rested his forearms on the counter. “Sherlock, I appreciate all this, and I know your best is pretty much the absolute possible best, but you have to understand… trusting it – him… is going to be really, really
The heartfelt “No, and God, I hope I'm not going to be – I'd say that I'm more than enough wolf, don't you?” I got in reply shot down my first hypothesis. There was no possible way it could happen without John realising it unless the rules of lycanthropy were much more skewed than we knew, and Skye had informed me that in Ayha, werewolves were usually a balance of power between wolf and human.
“Cuddling?” he suggested hopefully, and I gave into him. We settled onto the sofa, and I hugged him. I’m not ashamed to say I stroked the gold-and-silver fur. It was like hugging Redbeard again, although the smell was distinctly different. The sofa surprisingly accommodated a rather large werewolf and a tall man somewhat comfortably, and I found that it was far more than nostalgia. I liked this. I would miss it.
“…the others kill them before they can get it,” John finished, leaning out to check the window.
“Because werewolves existing makes such perfect sense but the devil is an impossibility, is he/” he snorted, just as much at his wits’ end as I was.
I laughed and showed it to Sher, who snorted and texted back:
“I don’t think you are, not really,” he snipped. “Once the novelty of this wears off – if you meet someone brilliant, like Irene was – I think you’d try to move on. I wouldn’t let you.” The blue fire in his eyes was distinctly not John. John’s eyes had never burned with such possessive need.
But I was a fucking
“221B Baker Street. The name on the lock screen of your laptop.” He shrugged. I risked a look at Sherlock, who was in ‘buffering’ mode. “Go on, Skye. Night’s over. You can go back to wherever you came from.” I was surprised at the ease with which the orders left my mouth.
*cackles* Yeah, I'm leaving you guys here for a while. Comments keep writers writing! *shameless begging* Please.
“Teaching history might be my day job, but I get into dangerous situations like this on a regular basis.” Finally I remembered what his molten-glass eyes reminded me of – tiger’s eyes, trained on prey unerringly. But I wasn’t going to be left behind. I was bored, and I wanted to think about anything other than my affliction. “Sorry, are you trying to
“The mental signature is distinctive,” he replied evenly, fire dancing in his eyes. “It’s Rollo.”
Skye stepped in with his deliberate, authoritative gait, and flicked his eyes over me, then helped me up. “John,” he said, without turning around. “Maybe not so violently next time. Never attack pack.”
Taking a breath that seemed only to stall for time, the elder Holmes brother said, “I need you to trust me, Dr. Watson, implicitly. When you see a car at 221B Baker Street at exactly 7:00 this evening, ask the driver if the fishing is good. If he answers ‘You’d have better luck in Sussex’, get in.”
Once we left Baker Street, a familiar smaller dusky-gold wolf joined us. He bit at John, but soon after the larger wolf had him bowled over and whining for mercy. I smiled, catching my breath. It seemed Skye had conceded the alpha position.
I dressed and came downstairs, where Skye was waiting on the sofa, perched in his usual position, and Phoenix had taken the liberty of taking Sherlock’s chair and dozing in it.
. A kill shot, fired exactly – his hands were steady, acclimatised to killing people or violence then. He was perfectly calm even now. He had had no military training at all, so what other profession would require such precision with a bullet?
There was no way I would be able to do this without revealing the existence of the experiment – John’s fear of the wolf was too deep-running. I needed to overcome it in order to get the untainted facts I wanted.
– who’d asked that question, who knelt in front of me now.
“John,” Skye piped up from my chair. “Recall Sherlock’s caveat:
He laughed in my face!
Skye mouthed as the buzz in my ears subsided and human John once again took control.
“Maybe he doesn’t want your protection,” Phoenix said mildly. “He’s twenty-two, Reyalon, he’s an adult both in Canarim and in England. He doesn’t need your help.” His voice turned cold. “I don’t think he wants it, either.”
“When did you change your mind?” I asked teasingly, smirking as I flicked the kettle on and put some toast in for Sherlock.
Ooh. Unexpected development, right there, blipping away at me. “Bravo, John.” I flashed him a smile. “I didn’t expect you to catch that.” Lie detector? Hm. That could potentially be useful, to both me and John. Hopefully that ability made him think better of his other half.
, he thought. I nodded at him.
Sorry, just thought it would give a bit more context. I couldn't find a way to input that into the text, but it does contextualize the nicknames and emphasize the fractured relationship between the Nordskov brothers.
That and that alone gave me the strength to do what I did then. “I won’t
My cry tore from my throat in an anguished howl, becoming my only clear memory of the next fifteen minutes. However hard I try, that’s the only thing that stood out from a haze of people and noise and
“Trust me one last time, John,” I entreated, worried that he would deem controlling him not good enough and go ahead and shoot anyway, so I was purposefully vague. Skye privately agreed with me.
isn’t the term I would’ve used,” I groused. Sherlock was still staring, goggle-eyed, at the stranger. My instinct was to step in front of him, but he was seated too close to the wolf-boy.
I nodded, feeling just the tiniest bit mollified. This way, I reasoned, I could work through Sherlock’s death without the trauma of the nightmarish scene flashing at me every which way. I already had PTSD!
accidentally still say it.
I could see why RJ would love him, though in my humble opinion Phoenix didn’t hold a candle to Sherlock. Not just physically (his hair made him look very ill sometimes) but mentally. He just didn’t exude the same air of danger, arrogance, and
