“Yeah,” he breathed. “Gotta admit, I wasn’t expecting this hunt to end with me hiding in a closet”
“Nothing?” he asked. “What, you didn’t do anything at all?”
His own note that said
After a second glance, he realised it was Jo who had fallen asleep in the chair. Right. Right, she had been babysitting Claire. Of course she was still here, she wouldn't leave the girl alone.
"All good so far?"
“Yeah,” Dean shrugged. “What about it?”
Yes, I thought, Shakespeare was absolutely right with this one. What was a beautiful summer’s day compared to
“Thank you,” he said. Nothing more.
Cas had expected it to happen, he had been rather sure that as soon as he understood he was experiencing love like that, he would start to understand that other thing as well, sooner or later. But he didn’t.
“There’s absolutely nothing ridiculous about it,” Cas argued, “And the question isn’t about what you
"Sure you can," Cas said, "But I think you've got a preference about what you wanna hear"
Cas returned the smile, and suddenly he felt a lot better again. That woman right next to him was about as lost as he was here, but she didn't let the rich people notice. She didn't let them drag her down, and that thought motivated Cas for some reason. Lexie stood next to him the entire time until Dean finished his speech and the guests started chattering among each other again.
"Yeah," Cas smirked.
It took only seconds of this before I started moaning, before I clenched the fingernails of both my hands into his bare back. A couple more seconds, and he pulled out of the kiss, letting out a moan as well before he moved over to kiss down my neck as he kept moving, as he kept moving against me with his perfect rhythm.
Cas eyed her as she said that. He hadn't thought before about how Dean's career might have started. He hadn't thought about a lot of things, he just now realized, and basically he didn't know a thing about the man he was pretending to be dating. Well, he now knew he had recorded his first 'album' on an old tape in the garage with his childhood friend, and the image of that scene made Cas feel something he couldn't exactly define, but he only now realized that he had no idea who Dean even was, and that he was the odd one out in a group of people that had known that man for years, if not even decades, or all his life.
“As you should,” Dean said, “It’s amazing, and it is a big part of the story”
"Mh," Claire made, and her little body shifted around the bed. She was now holding onto Cas's legs as she spoke. "Because when Dean walked off  the stage tonight, he kissed you. And I don't understand, because he kissed you on the lips, but I thought you don't do that with friends. Like you can kiss them on the cheek. Not on the lips."
“Yeah,” he smirked. “Anyway, what are you going to do today?”
“No,” he said with an honest look into my eyes.
Both Ed and Harry were staring now, and Cas decided to take part in the conversation.
She didn't specify what she was thinking about, though, and even though her stare gave him similar vibes to the quickly exchanged look between Garth and Charlie when he had first learned about the new song, Cas didn't ask any further about it.
, and then I react to something exactly the way he used to, and I just ... you know, just sit down and think about how much I hate myself for it"
"Well, I had to sign a confidentiality agreement and stuff. And they said if I tell people about it they'd have to agree to not talk about it, but I'm not sure what exactly that means. Like if I have to make you sign something as well. I gotta ask them about that."
"So you don't think people recognize me?"
"Yeah," Dean replied, "regularly, multiple times a year, for about 5 years now"
Claire was exhausted from the eventful day and Cas soon tucked her into bed earlier than usual. When he wished her a good night, she told him in a sleepy voice that this had been a wonderful day.
Unnecessary to add, my mind had an amazing time interpreting this scenario differently. I caught myself more than once imagining how I could just lean in a bit further and kiss him over the table. How easy it would be to press my lips on his for just a second, so incredibly easy. He was so close, after all. His lips were so close, but at the same time an eternity away, impossible to ever reach.
Again, Dean chuckled. "Well there isn't such a strong theme as with the last one," he replied, "but there is sort of a theme. The focus has really been on some more personal songs this time, and that's pretty much the overall theme, personality, identity, being who you are"
"The singer?"
Dean didn't seem to mind the question though. He laughed out loud for a moment.
"It's Cas," he said.
"I see," she said. "So, what exactly is it? Are you in a stable relationship, or ...?
He was looking good, that much was true. Cas could definitely agree there with this strange woman. He was looking good in that suit, but Cas found it didn’t make much difference to what he normally wore. Actually, if he was honest, he probably preferred the old jeans with the washed-out parts where the knees were, along with an ordinary shirt and one of those flannels Dean insisted on wearing at every possible and impossible occasion. Cas’s preference wasn’t even about the looks. It was just, that outfit was Dean. It was what he felt comfortable in, what he chose to use to express himself. This suit, on the other hand … Dean tried hard, and he was probably fooling most of the strangers at this weird party, but Cas knew, he could see how stiff he felt in that suit.
"Do you want to read through it again before I post it?" Dean asked.
They didn't need fake kisses or anything, because right at that moment as Dean and Cas were holding hands and smiling at each other in that amorous way, it must have been obvious to everyone around them that those two were a couple.
"So what you're saying is," Jo said, "that Dean Winchester himself invited me backstage to his premiere show?"
Cas's reply was a heartfelt smile. Once more, he started to wonder about the person Dean Winchester actually was deep down, and what else he didn't know about that man. This short conversation had only given him a glimpse into his head, but he had -again- learned something about him he hadn't expected. Never would he have expected that Dean thought so little about himself and his work, never. That man was an internationally very successful musician, with fans all around the globe looking up to him, aspiring to be like him, who had won awards and been on top of the charts, you’d really think he would be proud of himself and his work, of all his achievements.
“Could you take your butt out of my face?” Cas’s voice complained from somewhere in the middle of the knot, hidden from Claire by a bunch of body parts belonging to both Winchester brothers.
He would have to, eventually. But not right now. And that seemed to be a pattern with his decision that day, because he thought the same thing about the overdue conversation with Dean. Not right now.
So that song was finished, Cas assumed. It was finished, and now Dean wanted to actually talk it through for the first time.
kiss. Well maybe not the first one that was real, but definitely the first one that was meant to be real, that was intended to be real, the first one that wouldn't lead to awkward situations and hours of overthinking.
"That was amazing," he whispered.
"What's wrong with him?" She asked quietly to not wake up Claire.
He instinctively closed his eyes when Dean was only a millimeter away from him, and then he felt the familiar sensation of Dean's lips on his.
And those few lines that Dean had left here on his desk for him to read through, those were so sweet once again. So, so sweet, and so Dean.
"Mh, I see," Charlie said. "Well, we generally don't have strict work hours. Both the texting and the music depend on talking through stuff with the team, of course, so you should be there when everyone else is, but we're always rather flexible about the meetings if someone really can't make it. I suggest discussing that with Dean and Garth, who's working on the lyrics as well, and agree with them. And I think we won't be strict on you, especially not the first couple days. You just gotta be there at all. And as for your kid, when you're out acting with Dean, you totally can leave her here. I get that finding someone for her at random irregular times can be hard, and when we get you in on short notice, it's only fair if one of us looks after her while you're out playing heart-eyes for our publicity"
"Okay," Dean finally accepted that he wouldn't get anything out of Cas.
and I don’t think I tell you enough
"Yeah," he smiled, "I wasn't sure how long it'd take to get here with the bus and stuff. Figured, rather being a bit early"
"Alright," Cas nodded. "Got that."
There was absolutely no need to slip some tongue, Dean had no reason at all to do that, but he did nevertheless. And Cas wouldn't complain about that, no way, because as much as his heart had been racing even without Dean's tongue coming into play, he now felt like he would just pass out from excitement and drop to the floor if Dean took only one finger of support off of him.
And that realization scared me to the bones.
"Yes," Claire said in her shaky voice.
“No?”
"I'm getting a feeling that you don't really like being the centre of attention?"
"That was
That was my first time with Dean; and despite it being rushed and of very short duration, it was wonderful. The second time was just as wonderful. The third time was incredible, and the fourth one even better.
Now it was him who quietly looked at me.
He knew he'd have to, of course. This afternoon, the latest. This town's show was done, and their departure for the next stop was planned for late this afternoon. It wasn't a long drive, only a couple of hours, and Cas was rather sure Claire could handle it. He'd just let her lie down on the bus, with her head on his lap or something, that would be alright. But Dean ...
"Dude," Jo chuckled, "kissing one of the most successful pop stars of the decade? You're living thousands of teenage girls’ daydreams; I would be concerned if you weren't nervous"
"Well," Cas started, "I did some googling about you last night. And I figured that you didn't lie to me. Which is a good start. Then I did a dive into twitter, and I saw that someone posted a picture of us ..."
"Yeah, I do the real work here," she laughed, "Keep the whole thing running while Dean plucks his guitar and posts selfies on social media"
They had been excited for the upcoming album release anyway, and Dean unexpectedly confirming rumours about him dating had them even more excited. Social media suddenly exploded with tweets about Dean again as fans were excitedly blurting out various versions of
"I see," she smiled. "I'm pretty sure Dean's got plans for you today, but he's not here yet, so ..." she pointed at the couch off to the side, "feel free to sit down and entertain me while you're waiting"
"Yeah," Cas agreed, "Yeah that makes sense. I mean it's probably best to be somewhat used to it before going out. So what exactly are you suggesting we do?"
"Pretend to be your boyfriend?" Cas asked, not quite believing what he was told.
"Bullshit, Cas," Dean said calmly. "When we first met, you had stopped already. You told me you were unemployed. You quit teaching before you met me"
Another thing I had subconsciously done, I had started picking out only the green ones. One might say, so what? The green ones are probably his favourite. But no. No, my favourites were the brown ones. At least those had been my favourites the last time I had opened a pack of M&Ms before a pair of beautiful green eyes had started to become a permanent image burned into my mind at all times.
he crossed out the last two words. It was just too much, he thought, it made the line too long in comparison to the rest.
"Just saying," Jo smirked, "No shame in enjoying a look"
"Can we not talk about that?" He sighed.
"Oh," Cas made and turned his face to Dean in surprise, "I didn't know there's an album in the making right now"
"Okay," Cas made. That didn't sound so bad. He'd basically get a free backstage pass to all the shows, and he'd get to do an interesting trip for the price of some hand holding with Dean. But there was something else. "I got a 4-year-old daughter, Dean"
Dean Winchester was a star who had to fall in love with another star, he had to date a model like his ex, or some actor or even another musician, just someone who shared his lifestyle and didn't freak out over the price of a suit and looked anywhere near as good as Dean did.
What a waste
Cas's answer was another kiss.
Do you really think he hasn't noticed
"Yeah of course he's your boyfriend," Claire said, "but you can ... I mean, do you love-love him? Like the fairy tale love of your life kind of way?"
“Third floor,” he said, “3B. You’re lucky, though. Got no stairs”
"Mh," Cas hummed and thought about her words with no further comment.
"Mh," Cas made. "Because of what?"
"That's a really nice way to look at it," he said.
"Yeah," he calmed her, "Big day at work. I'm just nervous"
Charles apparently decided that was enough conversation with “the young folk” and turned back to his food and some other colleagues, a decision that I was more than happy about.
We looked at each other in silence for a moment.
"You can grab your laptop, and I can show you, actually," she proposed.
"Great," he laughed, "I work my ass off for months and you pick the one song I wasn't involved with at all"
and I hope that you’ll stay
I haven't written a multiple-chapter fic in literal years, but there was sudden inspiration over Christmas break that resulted in this. The first drafts of all chapters are written already, so you won't have to worry about this never getting finished.
Cas wasn't quite sure what to say to that. Easiest would be to tell Dean that it wouldn't be a problem at all and he was fine with it, but Cas knew that wasn't the truth.
"No," Dean immediately said, "God no. You'd just have to be there to be seen now and then. Not all the time. I'd like to have you backstage at the shows, and out in the city at a few occasions for people to see us, no more than that. Some hand-holding for people at the hotels, but that's really it. You get your own room." After a second, he added: "Of course"
"Hi Claire!" Dean now greeted the little girl, "You remember me?"
"Can you make it hurt less?" She asked quietly.
Dean asked Cas to follow him, and after a short explanation to Claire that he had to go with Dean and she should be nice to Jo, he did, together with Charlie.
"Cas?" He heard Jo's voice from the other side. He sighed. Better Jo than Dean, no doubt of that, but he was still concerned about how much exactly she knew about the last night.
"He is," Cas smirked, "but I'm only admitting that because you're legally not allowed to tell anyone about this conversation"
the first one read. Cas already started getting worried, but then he read the other two and calmed down a bit right away.
"Mh," Cas sighed and turned back to Sam, "not that long. Last week. But we ..." he shrugged, "I don't know, it was stupid. We were stupid. We've been doing that for months, and we were just dancing around each other both falling but hiding behind the pretending, acting like everything we feel was part of the faking, when in reality ..."
The moment he hits send, he feels a weird kind of satisfaction spreading through his body.
"Exactly that," Dean smiled. "You're really just there to be seen around me. We're keeping it very professional, because if this wasn't pretend, I wouldn't bring anyone to work and get all touchy either. It's like, you're watching, but we're taking the work serious nevertheless."
If I could tell that version of myself, Castiel –
"Hey," she grinned.
He chuckled, and Cas immediately joined. Dean was right, that was an interesting choice.
“Why is it ‘of course’?”
Cas chuckled and asked her to come inside for a second.
“A reasonable decision”
After a while, Dean asked Cas if they should end this now, and with a glance at his watch, Cas immediately agreed. Missouri knew he had variable work hours, but he still tried to keep up a somewhat regular schedule for Claire, and even though it was later than usual already, he'd still be able to pick her up at an okay time if they'd left now.
"Yeah," he said quietly, "yeah, you ... god, you're right. Thank you. Thank you, Cas"
"Hey love," He said as he tightly hugged her, "I missed you"
"Cas," Dean continued with a nervous look at Cas, "I love you, and I really do want to spend the rest of my life with you. And I'm asking you, if you want that too ... Will you marry me?"
Later that day, Cas got a text message from Jo - his best friend, not the one in the next-door office. He opened it right away as it was a quiet minute.
Dean has told Cas about pretty much every secret he’s ever had in his entire life, and he’s rather sure that Cas has done the same thing. Dean knows a lot of things about Cas, and many of those are things about which Cas has made him swear he’d never tell anyone about it.
“Which room is yours?” he asked as we were standing right at the front door of the house.
(See the end of the chapter for
A simple
"Oh I was just ..." Cas said, "Well someone mentioned him, and I got myself hella embarrassed because I had no clue who that is"
that you’ll be by my side
"Mh," Dean made and thought for a second. "Maybe, yeah. I like to tell myself that, and for some cases, I can say now that it definitely wasn't right. Others, though ... maybe it was, but I couldn't have it all. Them and the career, I mean"
with your smile and your eyes and I’m wondering
One name-tag on a house rather close to the ally caught my eye.
“Do you want more of it?” Dean breathed hot into my ear. “Do you want it more intensely?”
Then, he felt a slight brush against the same cheek. It wasn't even a kiss, he knew that, he felt that it wasn't Dean's lips, but he understood what Dean had done there. The both of them knew that hadn't been a kiss, but the other two men in the room didn't. From their perspective, that must have definitely looked like a kiss on the cheek.
Now, Dean laughed.
But Cas's anxiety turned out to be entirely groundless, because when he presented his work to Dean when he sat together in the meeting room with him and Garth later that week, Dean looked up from reading it and told him with a smile that it was good.
"Been there, done that," Cas said. "But I don't really ... What did I do?"
There was a moment of silence right now, and Cas noticed that Dean was eyeing him for an almost uncomfortable long time.
I chuckled. “I’m a teacher. I’m used to explaining things more than once”
“Oh you got work to do?” Dean asked.
"Oh I don't know," Cas said, "Do you think that'd fit my hairstyle? Do I have a flower crown face?"
The press and online reception of their charity work was, as far as Cas learned from Charlie, really positive. He didn't know details since he had followed Dean's advice to not read comments about himself online, and he certainly knew better than asking Dean about anything that had to do with that night.
He checked on Claire again who was awake right now and weakly playing around with the stuffed animal in her arm, and he told her he had to go over to Dean's room to talk to him, would she be okay until he was back? Claire nodded weakly, and Cas had the impression she would fall asleep any time soon anyway.
"Mh," Cas made and took a sip from his coffee. "Maybe it wasn't all fine yesterday. But by now, it is, really."
broke up – that made headlines as well. And there was of course that speculation going on, there always is with celebrity relationships, about what happened, whose fault it was, all that. And truth was, it wasn’t anyone’s fault, and nothing happened, it just …"
"So," Jo now proposed a thought, "is it rather that you wanna stay away from him to avoid getting your heart broken?"
As he turned back to Dean, the man had taken off his sunglasses again and was only now cleaning the ice cream stain up with a tissue.
Dean has never talked to anyone except Cas about his father. Not even to Sam, even though Sam of course knows where the marks on his brother’s body come from, he obviously knows where the broken bones that Dean has had multiple times come from, but he also knows that Dean doesn’t want to talk about it. That is, he doesn’t want to talk about it to anyone except Cas.
"The last track, yeah," she confirmed. "Do you seriously think of the songs in numbers?"
"What's wrong?" She whispered as she was holding him.
Dean and I were both out in the front yard, where it was the busiest. There were way more cars parking currently than the yard had space for, and a lot more that hadn’t found space to park yet queuing and honking further back. It was pure chaos.
"It's the schedule for practice and recording sessions," Dean explained. "We've got a new album in the making, release date is this fall, and those are the sessions for the first couple songs"
He leaned further in again and let his hands rest on Dean's body. Then he let them wander up, wander over his chest. The right hand stopped over the tattoo that Cas hadn't known was there, and he let his thumb follow the lines of the black ink.
"Oh it's the Taylor Swift recording," Dean said, and the way he said it sounded like that was the most average thing to do.
"I know," Dean sighed, "I'm just worried"
Shortly after, they were in the backseat. They had started with holding hands on the middle seat, but Cas had soon freed his hand, causing Dean to rest his hand on Cas's knee instead.
It was one thing that was taking up his entire mind right now:
Charlie's promise made Cas feel calmer about everything, and he sat down at his desk and opened up the laptop to check some reactions first hand.
We stayed on that bench for a bit longer, only a couple of minutes, sitting in silence. I gave him some time to look around him. He seemed impressed by his surroundings, and the expression looked good on him. But to be honest, pretty much everything would have looked good on him.
He shrugged, "it just didn’t work. That was all. But she got some insulting comments, because people are always so fast to call women a bitch online, and I’m sorry that happened, but I couldn’t … I
They did arrive in front of the building at 1.45. Cas was someone who was quite serious about being on time, so he had gotten Claire ready way too early. But they had to ride the bus and he hadn't been sure about where exactly the building was, so he had calculated the duration of their journey there rather generously.
He seemed relieved at that offer. "Actually, yes, that would be great!" He said. "I'm supposed to meet a Mr. Price?"
"Hi, uhm, it's Cas Novak. I called earlier?"
It wasn’t important, not to him, nothing of this was. He was happy as it was, as
“Yeah,” Dean agreed. “You should just have a look tomorrow. I mean, it’s not that important. You don’t necessarily need your notebook to teach”
Missouri breathed out heavily, she closed her eyes for a second but then sat down across the table from Cas.
"I know," Cas said quietly, "I ... it's just ... around here, the lunch breaks and stuff, that's sort of a familiar space, and if I fuck it up or start laughing it's fine because everyone knows what we're doing. But out there, with a camera, I just ... I mean I got no second chance. I have to ..." he sighed. "If I make a mistake, I ruin this entire thing for you, and that scares me"
I found myself pushed up against yet another wall, and Dean was right back to where he had started. He was passionately kissing me; his knee was pushing my legs apart just wide enough for him to fit his own leg in-between, leaning into me even closer than before. His hands were first on my hips, then suddenly all over my body. My own hands were gripping hardly into his back, holding him as close as he was, never wanting to let him go as he was moving his body against mine.
"Oh," Sam made, visibly surprised, "Oh so you're-"
He couldn’t stay, but that didn’t mean that I couldn’t have him in my bed before he left for the night. That night was amazing with him, as it always was, but it was different as well.
As I got closer to his face, I closed my eyes.
"Seems to me like that was successful," Cas now turned and looked at Sam with a smile.
"Yeah," Cas sighed. "I'm over that, though. And I got a way better pay check now, so honestly, fuck them"
"Yeah," he shrugged, "I mean ... Well you're family, and I ..."
you’ve got me addicted you’re the one thing I can’t kick
As soon as Charlie and Dean returned that afternoon, she sat down to check the overall reception, and after getting a quick overview she happily announced to everyone in the room that the fans seemed to have an absolute blast over it.
“First of all,” I said calmly, “It is not, as I said before. And second of all, nobody is losing their job, so the sheer discussion of the idea is, frankly, a waste of time”
As Cas was back on Dean's arm, Dean leaned in and whispered into his ear again: "They're gonna attack the buffet now, you wanna take a break?"
"Yeah," Cas chuckled.
That’s another thing Dean has learned: That your best friend is there even when you expect them not to be. Even when you think you’ve scared them away with all your complaints about life or your constant anger, even when you think this time you’ve gone too far and ruined your relationship, they’re still there.
He walked up to me. My eyes were almost glued to his body; they were following every step he made on the crunching gravel. I couldn't see much of his body, but as little as his suit gave away, I knew what was underneath must have been good. And his face! There was no way this indescribably beautiful face came with a second-class body. His face was perfectly symmetrical. A truly adorable nose sat in-between the greenest pair of eyes ever known to mankind, covered in dozens and dozens of freckles. Below, his soft, pink lips, so perfectly shaped. So kissable, I allowed myself to think.
Even the following weeks, I kept thinking about that little phrase he had said. We didn’t spend much time together during December as it was a busy time for me with lots of exams to be held and graded before the Christmas break.
His deep green eyes stared directly into mine, and just a second into that eye contact, he smiled at me.
"Are you getting sick of hearing that already?" Dean chuckled.
that an Angel like you
Dean couldn't hold back a nervous chuckle in response.
"Your suit," Cas replied. "You were gone fast that night and uhm ..." he stopped himself right there. They hadn't talked about anything that had happened that night, and Cas really didn't feel like changing that now. Den had been in a sudden bad mood, and Cas still didn't understand what that had been about, but as long as Dean wouldn't do anything like it again, he was willing to play along his little game pretending that never happened. "Anyway," he said, "I washed it."
The biggest secret Dean is keeping for Cas probably is the one he told him just a few months ago. Dean still remembers that day very well, maybe because it happened not that long ago, but probably rather because hearing Cas say what he said did cause him an undefinable chaos of emotions that he still doesn’t really know how to handle.
. If you want to"
“Yeah,” he agreed, “crazy”
The woman first looked at them rather strictly, then her face light up as she saw Dean.
"We, uhm ..." Dean added, "I mean we don't have to go full out today. If you ... Well if you wanna, we can agree on, like, a limit. Taking steps, you know? Like ... we could say, maybe, today, no kissing yet?"
Cas chuckled and pulled out his pen.
“Please,” I smiled.
"Great," Cas said, and he said it with an intense look into Dean's eyes and a smile.
The line was quiet for a moment, and just when Cas had thought Jo was gone, she said something.
They didn't talk a lot on their way to the restaurant. Cas mentioned that the area was really nice, they were walking alongside a river, and Dean agreed. It wasn't an awkward silence between them, though. Cas felt entirely comfortable walking with Dean's arm around him in silence like that, he even was somehow glad to just be quiet for once after all the noise of the past days.
With a sigh, I returned the essay to the not-finished stack. There was no point in attempting to do this right now.
"It's ... unfamiliar, I'd say," Cas replied. "But I have no more questions. At least not at the moment"
"I told Dean, by the way," Jo now said, and Cas froze at the mention of his name.
"I really don't stand a chance," Dean smirked. "You don't even let me pretend I'm tough"
“So, you want to …?” he asked quietly.
“The ones with father issues, mostly,” he then said.
The free nights in between the shows the team spent mostly together. They'd sit down together at the hotel and chat, sometimes they'd group together and play a game with Claire, and one time Dean and Claire gave a little concert together with Claire's guitar.
Quite a couple of hours later, I was sitting in the bar down in the village, a drink in front of me and Dean at the other side of the table. It was a busy Saturday night and the noise level was accordingly high. I had to lean in to be able to talk to Dean at all, and after the first few sentences we had both just stayed in that position, leaned in over the table, our faces brought closer together, in order to have a conversation.
"Okay," Dean repeated. "Under given circumstances, making out. This time including tongue kisses, anything in terms of mouth on skin - fully dressed of course, therefore meaning mostly neck. Alongside with that, the physical closeness that comes with making out, also hands on your body, excluding the ... private areas."
Dean Winchester. And the idea that there might be only the tiniest chance that maybe that famous and incredible Dean Winchester felt the same for Cas that he felt for him seemed honestly ridiculous to him.
Then he turned back to Cas. "That's great. Because we were talking, and officially, you're gonna be a lyricist. And if you wanna, you can actually be for real. Because we're not gonna fill a full time job with acting in front of some paparazzi."
Dean turned to meet Cas's eyes.
a teacher. Currently unemployed. It's kind of a long story. Anyways, I ... yeah, I think I'm passionate about teaching. Sharing knowledge, shaping young people's thinking, you know? And most passionate about my daughter. Cos I'm teaching her, every day. 24/7. Scarily close to 24/7, because we really don't like sleeping currently, right love?"
"Sure," Cas said hastily and immediately stood up. He followed Dean out of the office and over to one of the other rooms, the one with the beanbag chairs in it.  Dean told him with a smile to sit down wherever he wanted to. Cas chose one of the couches, and Dean sat down on it as well, leaving an appropriate distance between them.
Dean turned to shoot his younger brother an annoyed glance. "You know what, Sam, you said you were gonna get us food. It's about time for that, don't you think?"
During that kiss, Cas's hand wandered back down Dean's body, grabbing his ass cheek again.
Dean offered Cas to come to the studio that Saturday, as they were going to record the song Cas had worked on, and he excitedly agreed to be there and watch. Claire was confused about why he went to work on a Saturday, but after he promised her that he'd make up for it and let her pick a movie that night, she seemed okay with it.
“Hey,” he said. “What are you doing, patrolling around the hallway?”
It was all that, and it was amazing, it was mindblowing and it was simply perfect. Everything about it, from the way Dean looked at him over those amazing sounds he made, the grip of Dean's hand on his arm and his hand around Dean's wrist, and just the overall feeling of this, of actually, really, truly having sex with Dean, in reality, not in a dream, all of that was simply perfect to Cas.
A soft smile from Cas, his hand softly stroking through Claire's hair.
The thing about best friends is, you can tell them anything. Your best friend, that’s someone who understands you – sometimes even better than you understand yourself. It’s someone who cares about you, someone you can trust, even with your darkest secret. No matter what’s on your mind, no matter what keeps you awake at night, you can tell your best friend, and they’ll be there for you. Maybe they’ll just listen, because sometimes that’s what you need. Maybe you’ll talk about the problem and try to think of a solution together, or maybe they’ll make you change your mind and see things differently. That’s things best friends do.
"Alec's instagram story," Dean explained. "He's shared some short clips.  Cas and I are visible in the background of two of them."
Suddenly, there was the tapping of small feet heard, moving towards the twister mat and the human knot that was intertwined on top of it.
It hadn’t necessarily been my plan to tell him on that walk. I just liked spending time with him in general, and I really enjoyed having the chance to have more personal conversations with him in the romantic sort of atmosphere that those walks created.
"I've been carrying it around with me for a couple of days now, waiting for the right moment, and I ... Yeah, I think this right now is quite a good one, so ..."
"That's great," she said. "I'm really happy for you, Cas. So is it another school or ...?"
Just a second later, Dean slowly pulled back and smiled at Cas while giving his cheek another stroke before he returned to his sitting position, now reaching for his coffee.
A man good enough to be definitely worth every risk this cruel world had to offer.
What's that relation about now?
So Dean paid and left a generable tip for their nice waitress, and they left. Dean stood at first and waited a second for Cas to get up, then as he stood in front of him he immediately pressed a quick kiss on his cheek. Then, he took his hand with a smile and they left.
“Liking both options is pretty much what I do”, his voice echoed inside my head as I was staring at the empty wall.
"Countdown I guess," Dean smirked, "until they call me out on this"
"It's alright," Dean chuckled. "She's a kid. That happens" He leaned down just a bit to look at Claire’s face.
"Okay," Cas said without looking at Dean. For some reason, the thought of kissing Dean made him blush. It wasn't even visible, but to Cas it felt like his cheeks were embarrassingly red right now, and that was why he kept looking at his hands instead of Dean - or Charlie, who was watching both of them.
"They're practicing," Dean quietly said to Cas, "So they'll try to ignore us. They're kinda used to me walking in on practice and they try to not let it disturb them. So I suggest we just go in, I pretend to do some stuff, you just stick to me and we make it a bit disgusting"
"I don't know, Cas," Dean shrugged. "You're shaping an entire life"
"Uhm ..." both girls seemed really perplexed by that question, and both Dean and Cas watched how they exchanged an insecure look.
"Do I see you tomorrow?"
Inside the room, Cas was immediately pushed against the door again. It hadn't even fully closed yet when Dean pushed him back against it, shutting it a lot louder than necessary. None of them gave a second about that though.
He held Dean forcefully against the door as he pushed into another wild kiss, this time with his hands going below Dean's shirt. He kept going up, feeling Dean's skin and pushing the fabric of his shirt further and further up along with it.
Are they good company?
"Really?"
Her father turned to her in surprise for just a moment before he reminded himself to keep his eyes on the road.
In fact, we kept dancing for another hour. We got closer and closer the later it got, and at some point, we weren’t even dancing anymore. We were only standing there, our bodies pressed against each other, not even space for a hair in-between us, only slightly moving to the music.
There was Dean's name at the top with that little blue checkmark next to it that still was a bit intimidating to Cas, and right below it, he saw his own face.
He returned the chair to its desk and grabbed the two pages of lyrics.
Later I started thinking that probably Dean’s behaviour during those couple of days after our talk at the chapel was what manifested my decision. Because Dean really proved himself to be a decent man during that short period of time.
“Yeah,” Dean chuckled, “That had me confused for a while. Because at first, I really thought that was what you were doing. But then, you never did something like it again. You didn’t even react to my own subtle flirting. I was rather confused about that. At least now I know why”
With him seeming so focused on his reading, I felt safe when stealing a look or two. I got more and more confident doing it - I may have even subtly licked my lips at one point – was I convinced he wouldn’t notice.
Castiel tells him he can. He should be studying, he knows that. But to be fair, he wouldn't be able to concentrate on anything right now anyway. So, he tells Dean he can. And Dean does.
Dean Winchester. My boyfriend.
“You were flirting before that?” I asked. Had he? Had he really?
Cas didn’t understand the meaning beyond those words, and he never would. But he also had had time learn, and he had acquired a general picture of someone who got attributed the label
With another insecure look at him, I hesitantly grabbed it and put it down on my lap.
“It did crack on yellow last round for sure,” Cas now entered the debate, his head hidden somewhere behind Dean’s upper body. “Now would you
"Yeah," Dean chuckled. "If you wanna come by, we can discuss all details. And you've gotta sign a contract. You know, for your cover position."
"What, right now?" Cas smirked.
"Well on the one hand, I don't like to be alone at shootings," Dean chuckled. "You're keeping me company while Charlie does her managing. But more importantly, there's gonna be people seeing you, and probably recognising you. It's not a big thing and nothing public of course, but maybe we'll get some gossip. Also, we've worked with that photographer before, and I know he's gonna ask if he can share some snaps on his Instagram story. Maybe you'll be visibly just off in the corner or something, who knows. Fuelling the speculation a bit"
"Do I hear experience?"
with your arms around me
"Uhm ..." Cas said. Hearing it phrased like that made it seem even weirder, but she wasn't wrong. "Pretty much, yes. But he ... I mean he's a really nice guy, and he totally accepts if I'm uncomfortable with something. He doesn't ... he really works
Then why hasn't he said anything?
"How, though?" I breathed. "You weren't here over Christmas break"
that happen.
Then, my lips met his.
"You okay?" Dean had apparently noticed that something was up with Cas, and he eyed him with a concerned glance.
I like to remember the rest of that school year, the remaining few months we had at that school together. The quiet afternoons with him in the library, the walks around the fields, the Saturday nights at the bar in the village. His smiles over the dining table, the secretly stolen hugs and kisses, the forbidden nights in my bed.
“You’re right,” Dean said, “Of course. It’s just … I would feel better knowing that he does it because he thinks it’s nothing bad. This way, I know that he still thinks we’re disgusting. He just lets us live in peace for the sake of the school’s reputation. I just … It’s just that”
“No,” I breathed, “I’m not”
Dean stared at him. Cas saw the insecurity in his eyes, the way he was looking at Cas trying to find confirmation if he really meant that.
"What do you mean?"
They made multiple pauses of just a couple of minutes, which Dean really seemed to need, and Cas understood that. He wouldn't have wanted to be the one standing there being flashed bright lights at the entire day.
"Would you mind telling me what on earth is going on?" He asked with Claire still in his arms. The little girl was clinging onto his neck while she was looking around the store with big impressed eyes.
Please let me know what you think, all kinds of feedback are appreciated!
as much as I miss you
“No,” he interrupted me determinedly. “It is. It’s all my fault. Because I am the damn idiot who couldn’t keep his hands to himself. I’m the one who started it, I’m the one who touched you first, the one who kissed you first.”
“Dean,” I breathed.
"We promised she'll be fine," Charlie said softly, "and we meant that. Nobody's gonna drag her into this. I'll make sure of that."
Our heads on each other’s shoulders, we were moving with the rhythm. I felt his hand wandering off my waist, slowly down until I could feel it on my ass.
I forget about the entire world
"Hey," Cas greeted him, and at the sudden voice, Dean winced like a child that had been caught doing something forbidden before he turned around.
For just a second, Dean let him do it, watched his face with a smile as Cas was touching him. Then, Cas felt Dean's hand around his wrist, stopping him, guiding his hand away, further down, placing it on his ass.
"Why don't you think you would?"
"Uhm ..." Cas hesitated, "No, not really."
"Great," Charlie said, "both of you here, only one explanation necessary. No actually, no explanation needed at all."
It was a short kiss, only a second or two, and Dean had been rather shy about it. A quick brush, two pairs of lips locking, creating a unit for just an instant, nothing more than that.
Not for this.
It was a red brick building, one in a row in this street. Rather old buildings that all were blending in with each other, but kept in good condition. There seemed to be some businesses around, office buildings, judging by the names and logos Cas had noticed while walking down the street.
"Yeah," her father agreed, "thank you"
A second into that kiss, he started moving against me again. And as much as I had loved it before, this time he drove me
“How’s that?” he now asked. “Working exclusively with people that much older, I mean?”
thank you all so much for the kudos and your nice comments! I appreciate your feedback lots <3
A speaker buzzed, and suddenly there was a voice.
"Claire ..." Cas sighed and kneeled down next to her, careful to not step into the puddle of paint.
“What,” Dean asked quietly, “just like, … neither? How’d that work?”
Cas was about to reply something like a hustled thank you, but the door buzzed already and he pushed it open, stepping inside.
Cas chuckled and had his hand catch Dean's, keeping it close to his chest so that both of them could feel the vibrations coming from his chuckle.
"Oh come on, don't act like you didn't wait for that to happen," Cas said.
I was still only staring at him. The sudden realisation must have been obvious on my face, since his expression suddenly got softer.
you mean happiness to me
They seemed to continue exactly where they had been interrupted earlier. It was this wild, greedy type of kissing again. Cas's arms were thrown around Dean's neck, while now both of Dean's hands were on Cas's body. Above the shirt this time, but feeling and stroking his belly and chest just as intensely as before.
Dean looked at Cas, waiting for him to continue, but he didn't.
This first kiss was slow and soft, almost shy, just like the first innocent ones on our walk the day before. It soon turned a lot less innocent, though, as he got way more passionate with his hands all over my body and his tongue shamelessly begging for entrance.
There's one more thing, though. With some quick movements on the touchscreen he manoeuvres back onto tumblr, into the comments on Dean's post.
Cas chuckled at the thought. "Well I kinda owe it to Claire, because she dropped her ice cream on him"
I swallowed hard, gripping my own glass a bit tighter. Those eyes, Jesus. That smile.
"No, I'm really serious," Dean said calmly. "I've got that situation, my PR team has been talking about the possibility for a while now, and I'm offering it to you. If you want to. If you're comfortable with that."
"Yeah, sure," the girl on the right stuttered.
"Hey," he greeted Dean with a smile.
"If you wanna call it that, maybe. In a very limited way, of course. I really wouldn't ask much of you in that aspect. Obviously you gotta be okay with being physically close to me, but I wouldn't take advantage of this agreement. I wouldn't make you do anything inappropriate, of course not."
“Hm?” he made.
"Yeah," she said, and it must have definitely been the same woman, because she sounded like she remembered him, "I'll let you in. Down the hall to the right, please"
About two weeks after meeting Dean for the first time, I was teaching one of my English classes when a thought about him implanted itself into my brain permanently. And by permanently I mean, it was even more permanent than my constant daydreams involving him that creeped their way into my mind at every possible or impossible occasion, by God even more permanent than the image of him and his beautiful eyes that appeared in the dark every single night as soon as I closed my eyes and always ended the same way: with a sticky mess in my right hand.
In sheer panic I started looking for words and couldn’t find any just as several present students saved me.
“Well but I am a man,” Dean said quietly, and it sounded more like a question than a statement.
"You too," Dean smiled. "I gotta check on you from time to time, make sure you ever cut your hair. Don't want you to end up like Rapunzel"
"No," she said, "nothing. Those kids you met, they either didn't take photos or they didn't share them"
Dean now stood in front of Cas, naked from the waist up, breathing heavily and again looking at him like
, sharing retweets of the photos showing Dean with Cas, and just very nice congratulations on the new relationship.
I thoughtfully looked at Dean.
"Your daughter, right?" Sam asked, both of them now watching Claire.
"Did you pick it?"
"About Claire," she said and her expression seemed slightly irritated. Of course, Cas realized. Of course, what else? His own rollercoaster of emotions concerning Dean? Of course not, she didn't know about that.
"I can take that coffee away as fast as I brought it if you're gonna turn against me," Dean laughed.
When it finally did, they stepped inside in total silence. Dean pressed the button, and the doors closed.
“Sorry,” he whispered back, then pointed toward the chair opposite me. “Do you mind?”
“Me too,” he smirked. Then he turned around to knock at the door.
"Well," Dean chuckled, "You know I never say no to some good food. But I ain't gonna battle anyone for it, at least not in those clothes. So, I'll snatch the rests later when the big mob has finished already"
Just a second of silence. "Daddy?" Claire then asked.
"Yeah," Cas breathed, and at this point, he was just letting out some thoughts, his honest concerns. "I've only had a glimpse at the attention so far. But what I saw people say about me online, the things they called me, and everyone talking about me ... I don't know if I could deal with that in the full version, and I know that I definitely don't want that for my daughter"
"Mh," she made. "But he's a star, and no matter where you go on your little date, someone recognises him"
“What?” Dean asked.
well.
"No," Cas smirked, "No I don't"
Dean didn't look back at him, though. He was still staring at the point in the dark where the group had disappeared into the night.
"Sure," she smiled. "Just go around the corner and pick one, I'll be right there"
"That's amazing, love," Cas smiled at her.
"That's great," Dean said. "Why did she do that," he then asked her, "what day is today?'
"Will you?" was what he finally decided to ask.
It’s me. I’m the red M&M. And he likes me.
Jack pulled at Claire’s body, and within only a fraction of a second, the complicated construction of bodies collapsed like a house of cards.
Another while later, my knees were now undeniably hurting, I heard the chapel’s door open. Then there were steps, and I heard someone sitting down on a bench maybe one or two rows behind me. I didn’t look up, kept my eyes closed and kept praying.
"No job, no pretending," he said with a smile. "Just two colleagues getting to know each other better. There's a little diner just around the block, I sometimes grab lunch there and they always make sure to be discreet about me. No cameras, no saying my name, you know?"
"Yeah," he chuckled, "yeah, he will"
Again, I only nodded. Of course. I was the problem he had to deal with. Dean was nothing but a substitute anyway, that problem would solve itself.
I said I would wait
“That is true,” Dean laughed, “But you’re not one of them, I assume. Otherwise you probably wouldn’t be teaching at a school like this one.”
My notebook.
It was an ordinary day at work for me. I knew that a new teacher would arrive sooner or later, a substitute for a colleague from the P.E. department who had been unlucky enough to break his leg only a month into the new school year. So, I knew we would get a new colleague shortly, but I didn't know who he was, or that he would arrive that day.
Cas looked at him.
"Huh," Jo only made as she eyed Cas.
Cas only shrugged with a smirk.
That meant, as Cas found out, Dean leading him into the next room, the one with the beanbag chairs. Dean had brought two different suits for Cas to try on. Both of them looked and felt more expensive than anything Cas had ever owned.
"Yeah?" Cas asked with a nervous chuckle.
, I had wondered for a second. What exactly he meant by that. What he had done; how far
With half the page covered in keywords about Dean, I stopped and looked at my notes again. I read the words, then read them again, and again.
"Yeah," Cas said calmly, looking into Dean's eyes. "It's illegal, and I could've made a fuss and sued them, and maybe I would've, if it would've been just me. But I ..." he shrugged, "look, Dean, I'm a single father. And even though the entire situation makes my blood boil every time I think about it and I would be happy to see some assholes getting payback for this, I decided to not take them to court, because a lawsuit would take so much time, and it would cost me a lot, and even though I know I'd have good chances of winning and getting compensation, I had to think short term, and that meant making sure my daughter can eat every day until I can find a new job. I simply didn't have the money or the time or the energy to sue anyone"
Cas sat up in bed with a groan and rubbed his eyes. A yawn, he turned off the alarm, and remembered. Right. It was that thing, he was meeting with those television people for that live performance they were planning. That meeting was today, right, and it was quite of a drive to get there, so Dean had had to leave early.
Cas stared at Dean for a second.
Dean let out another quiet chuckle, and Cas smiled as he was feeling the vibration of his chest through his hand.
"Great," Charlie said. Then, she chuckled.  "He's not so wrong, by the way. It really is kinda nuts"
, actually
Next chapter on Friday :)
“But he never was,” I concluded with a quiet sigh.
A quick Google search showed him the closest pharmacy. Closed until 9am, the online entry said. 9am, less than two hours. He could do that, he thought. Claire could handle that.
“I really like you. A lot.”
Dean and Cas pulled out of their current kiss, and with Cas still sitting on Dean, both of them turned their faces to Charlie.
"You think?" Cas asked, glad that it was dark because he really didn't need Dean to see his blush.
"What do you mean, everything hurts?"
Dean and Cas left separately for work like they always did. Dean left first, saying goodbye with a smile for Claire and a kiss for Cas - that Claire generally mocked them for, because they'd see each other just an hour later anyways. And she was right, Cas had admitted to her more than a few times already, but the thing was, he just really enjoyed kissing Dean.
"Okay?" Cas chuckled, "What's the plan?"
The last day of break, Dean was with me again. We were both somewhat unhappy. Of course, this honeymoon-like period was coming to an end and we were heading for weeks of forced distance between us, weeks of pretending and acting like we weren’t what we were, like we had never done what we did. It would be exhausting, and it would be difficult, we both knew that.
He waited quietly until Cas had hit send at the email, then he put the two pages down on the desk and sticked another one of his green post-its to Cas's forehead.
He let his thoughts drift, let them drift away to think about Dean and the way he made him feel, about the warm feeling his smile caused in Cas's chest and the excitement his kisses caused in him, about how good his hugs felt and how comfortable his scent made him, and then, after a few moments of that, Cas put his pen down on the paper and crossed the line out.
"Yeah," Cas said to himself and walked further down the hallway while chucklingly shaking his head.
Cas replied with a nod and a silent "okay".
"He let me keep his suit," Cas said, still not really believing it himself. That was ... he just let me keep it"
Dean laughed out loud at that. "Yeah, you sure can tell me that's the slang, I can't prove you wrong. But maybe you're just making that up?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Charlie turned to Dean as soon as he was sitting.
It was empty that time of the day, of the week, even. People sometimes came here to pray or maybe only to be able to have a quiet thought in peace, but right now I was all alone in there.
“I’m so sorry, Cas,” he said.
Again, Cas nodded. He spent another moment looking at Dean, visibly thinking.
Dean smirked at him, then he turned to the desk and pointed at the second page.
"No," he lied, even though he knew very well. Alright, he thought. So she did know about him and Dean, she just had been polite enough to not bring it up. Well, until now, of course.
"You're telling me you've managed to date men before without any unwanted photos? That must've been quite a difficult task, judging from my experience"
Dean's answer was another smile on his own. He leaned in slightly, and he must have seen the quick sparkle of panic in Cas's eyes, because he whispered "calm".
I told you at some point"
“I’d love to,” I smiled.
"We've been together for 3 years," Dean then had said, and that moment, it really had hit Cas. Three years. He had been with Dean for three years, and of course he had
"Pretending for attention"
And Dean disappeared through the upstairs door.
My name's not Losechester
We stood there like that for a little longer, him holding me, our foreheads and noses touching. Then, we sat down on the small couch in the back of the room together.
"Yeah," Dean chuckled, "I guess they're pretty serious about those"
It was one of the teenagers from the bench. Right. The teenagers. The bench.  The reason they had been doing this. Right. Cas had totally forgotten about them and the reason for all this, it had all been wiped off of his mind by Dean.
“You just did,” Dean chuckled.
absurd scenario, but if we ever were to be overheard in a situation that demands it, I could ask you to make some suggestive sounds."
Even though they have met on tumblr and used to have long and deep conversations over the app's chat function, they exchanged numbers and switched over to text messages a while ago. It was in one of those phases where tumblr refused to show Castiel his messages, so he asked Dean if he would be comfortable with sharing his number. Ever since that day, they communicate mostly via texts. They still have long and deep conversations, at least sometimes. Other times it's silly jokes, memes, or rants about their daily life. Either way, Castiel always loves every single message from Dean. They always make him excited to open them. Well, except this one. He's genuinely scared to open this one.
"Mh," Dean shrugged, "no fixed duration. Long enough to pass as a legit relationship. That really depends on how the press coverage shifts. But if you want out at an earlier point than me, we can always break up"
They then went over to actually interact with others around. Their first testing ground was Jo, because they both felt the most comfortable with that. So they went back into her office, this time not holding hands, but they were walking significantly closer than before.
"Yeah," Cas sighed. "It is"
“I see,” I chuckled.
) and had a little arrow at the top pointing to Cas's previous note.
“Uhm …” Dean made perplexed. He didn’t even know what to say to that, but he didn’t get to make a comment anyway, because that exact second, they heard the bedroom door open again, and the heavy footsteps were right back in the room they were in.
Again, thank you so much for reading, and maybe we'll see each other again on another story ;)
“What exactly are we now?” I asked quietly.
and leaned back again, waiting for her response. It was late, but according to her usual rhythm, she should still be awake. And apparently she was indeed, because it didn't even take a minute until his phone vibrated with her reply.
"Am I?" I asked, "Even though I’m a sinner?"
But Dean, Dean in particular, he still considered a piece of art. A masterpiece of art, made by the most talented artist in the world.
I silently stared back at him.
Right when he was about to ask what that had just been about, they heard steps, and both men turned to face what was presumably an employee.
"We'll see," Dean chuckled. "I'm always nervous about a release, and I'll have to have the fans be the judge of it"
"WMR music, business contact for Dean Winchester, this is Jo Harvelle speaking, how can I help you?" a young female voice spoke to him.
I invited him into my apartment – A thing I had never done before, even though we had been friends for several weeks, simply because nobody ever did it. None of the other teachers ever did it, and I thought it would have been somehow suspicious when we had dozens of other places to be together. That night, though, I was sure nobody would know. Both other apartments on my floor were empty, the colleagues living there had driven off to visit their families over the holidays, therefore it seemed rather safe to me to let Dean inside.
Claire seemed to think the same way, since she started moving on Cas's arm and tried to get out, to be let down.
"Okay," Cas agreed with a nod.
He was still new to the app. Dean and Jo (not Dean-Jo, his best friend Jo) had helped him figuring it all out just last week. They had created his account together and given him a crash course on how to use it.
As it turned out, Claire and Missouri had been right and Dean did indeed like the look on Cas. His first reaction was a chuckle as he saw Cas and his daughter coming home with matching flower crowns. He then complimented their looks and listened attentively when Claire started telling him about how she had made them.
“Is it because of what I said?” he now asked quietly.
The second one showed both their faces. The quality was just as questionable as the first one's, but Dean was again unmistakably recognizable and Cas, even without knowing him, undoubtedly was the same man as in the photo from a week earlier. In this picture, he saw himself looking over to Dean with a smile, while Dean himself was laughing, his hand on Cas's on the arm rest.
Inside the motel room, Dean looked over to his brother with a smirk. Sam was sitting on a chair in the back of the room, right next to the small table that had a tiny plastic Christmas tree sitting on top of it. He nodded into Dean’s direction with a smirk on his own.
"Yeah," she confirmed before she turned back to watching Dean. Cas could hear her hum along with the song during the first verse.
They quickly ordered. Dean seemed to have a standard go-to meal, and even though Cas had never been here before, he quickly made a choice with a little advice from Dean.
"Alright," Dean then said, "You don't have to tell me if you don't want to. I wouldn't have asked if I had known it's a sensitive topic"
Two weeks went by like seconds, and before we even realized it, the break was over. Our colleagues and students started arriving at the school again, all the floors were suddenly filled with lots of teenagers again, and the peaceful calm that the break had laid over the building was suddenly gone.
His lips and tongue now traced their way away from my mouth. Dean was kissing along my jawline, then nibbled on my ear lobe for a second, making me sigh, before he traced the kisses further down to my neck where he finally stayed, first kissing, then sucking on my skin.
"I'm sorry, Daddy," she said, and with the cute little puppy eyes she made at him, Cas immediately gave her a soft smile.
“Oh so you’re not actually a teacher?” I asked and took another sip.
"We could make one for you as well," his daughter suggested excitedly.
but you know I'd prefer your company.
Dean chuckled and glanced over to Cas, who smiled at him.
A soft smile from Cas. "Thank you"
"Not if it makes you uncomfortable," she said. "But if it does, maybe you should reconsider if you really wanna sign that contract"
After small interruptions like this, we stopped dancing for a moment, laughing. Especially after bumping into each other we both broke down laughing, and we couldn’t continue the dance for a couple of seconds because of it. Even after he had taken me back in his arms and lead the first step into the dance again, I suddenly started laughing again, and him holding me, my head leaning onto his shoulder, we only stood there, laughing more.
"Why did you stop teaching?" Dean asked after a moment of silence.
, I thought.
"I think that one just recognised you," he leaned in and whispered to Dean.
Cas didn’t notice anything, but apparently Dean had because his expression suddenly changed to a way more serious one.
. It was rather,
wanted more of that.
"You deserved it," Cas chuckled, "Implying your sappy love letter of a song isn't about me? Hello?"
Dean smiled back at Cas for a second before he talked again.
"Maybe not for you, no," Cas said, "but for me, and for Claire, definitely. Especially for Claire."
"Thank you," Cas then said with a quiet smile.
He was smiling at me, and as per usual, his smile automatically caused me to smile back.
“Yeah,” Dean smiled, “Because it’s true. I love your writing. I’ve loved all your writing, ever since the very first poem”
Soon the shirt came off entirely, and Dean was more than happy to assist Cas in first sliding his leather jacket off and then lifting his arms up for Cas to pull the shirt over his head in a smooth movement.
Cas didn't say anything. All he did was return Dean's smile. This was getting out of hand, he thought, somewhere in the back of his head while he was smiling at Dean and looking into his beautiful eyes. This was getting
And then, those three lines, it was almost ridiculous to Cas, because he thought that if someone in their relationship could wonder about how the other possibly one chose them, it would be him. Because after all, Dean was the international pop star, Dean was the rich guy that could have anyone he wanted, and Cas had been the unemployed single father. It had been years by now, but Cas still wondered. He wondered what Dean saw in him, he wondered how it was possible that Dean had chosen this life with him, and he wondered the most about how on earth it was possible that Dean was as perfect and mindblowingly amazing as he was and he still thought he wasn't good enough for Cas.
I smirked at him. “Staying here is better?” I asked. “I mean, there isn’t really anything to do.”
I didn’t even debate for a second. “Sure,” I said immediately.
Back at home, he spent some more time with Claire and then got her ready for bed, and as soon as she had - finally - fallen asleep, he opened up his laptop and googled Dean Winchester. His first source was the Wikipedia article. Incredible, he couldn't help thinking, I actually talked to someone who has an own Wikipedia article!
Those still were the same green eyes that had looked at him at that one Friday afternoon of an October long gone, that was still the same heart-warming smile.
Though, apparently, he did.
Dean likes to pretend he’s tough. He likes to pretend he’s strong and manly and hasn’t cried a single time in his entire life, but he doesn’t do it with Cas. Not all the time, at least. Because no matter how tough Dean pretends to be every single day in the school corridors, Cas has seen him cry a lot when they’re hanging out after school, just lying together on their backs in the grass on the field behind their school, just talking. That’s the times Dean talks about his father, and his broken bones, and the marks all over his body.
There was noise from the audience, applause, people reacting, and then, the recording ended.
"Cas, can we talk?" She asked quietly.
was one way to say that Dean had cried on stage because he thought Cas didn't like him back.
So, they had gotten used to that situation, Cas living with Claire at their house, Dean living in his nice fancy flat in town but spending a lot of his free time at Cas's. Until, at some point last year, Dean had started that conversation one late night when they had been snuggled up on the couch in front of the TV.
and your smile
Cas nodded.
Cas only nodded.
She looked at the paper for a moment, then glanced up at him, then back down at the paper.
It was not as busy for Dean as it was for me, with him having exams too but them being of practical nature that did not require much work outside of the lessons. He did show up in the library every now and then to quietly sit with me as I was working, and I got more and more used to it with every time he suddenly appeared out of nowhere and occupied the chair opposite me with his typical grin.
"God," he groaned. "The worst timing, I swear"
"But he's ... I mean, it's not just him. He couldn't do this without you, or Charlie, or the others that I haven't met yet"
But I didn’t let my mind go there. I
I didn’t even know where all that sudden confidence came from. All I knew was, I had enjoyed every second of being that close to him, I wanted him, and I felt safe with him. I was nervous, of course I was, but I trusted him, and I knew it would be magical, simply because it was with him.
This is what you did?
"What?" He chuckled.
"Okay," Jo said, and it was clear from her tone that she wasn't exactly happy with the outcome of this conversation. "Cas, you know you can always talk to me, yeah? About anything that might happen."
And if he'd only have to give an answer the next day, he could think about it, sleep about it for a night, and maybe even talk to Claire about it. Because he really needed to think about it, even though his heart had made the decision as soon as Dean had asked the question and was already screaming "yes!".
Cas glanced over to Dean who was looking for his keys in his pocket.
I looked up. Emerald green eyes were staring right into mine.
"Yeah," he stuttered and ran his hand through his because of Cas's hands ruffled hair, "yeah, uhm ... well. That worked"
“God, I’m so proud of him,” he then continued. “He’s just gotten into law school. He’s just really smart, my little brother. Someone had to get the brains of the family, I guess”
It wasn’t understood, and it could never be, because Castiel simply didn’t understand.
"Still. And I just ... I mean, if you ever decide to go for it after all and sue them, I'd be glad to help. Or, you know, ask Sam to help. But you'd have my support. Your thing, of course. Just ... if"
"He did what?"
He looked at me for a second, a cheeky grin on his face.
Now, Dean even showed a hint of a little smile.
We tried to make the best out of the time we had, because we both knew that after the break, when everyone else would return to the school and the usual everyday business would start again, we couldn’t have those nights. Not like this, at least.
"Yeah," Cas agreed, "yeah, and I'm glad about that. So I saw that photo, and I read through a couple of comments, and I think your plan can work. I think you really got chances with this. So ... I think I'm gonna give it a try."
"Something nice," Dean smiled. "Remember those two girls from yesterday?"
“We should never have started this in the first place,” he breathed. “It was dangerous, it was a stupid risk we took, and you knew it. You knew it from the very beginning, you were scared of exactly this happening, and you were right. You were right, Cas, you were absolutely right. But I didn’t see it, I thought it would be alright, I really believed that, and God Cas, I’m so sorry”
His eyes were so beautiful, Cas couldn't help thinking. So so beautiful. His freckles were especially standing out today, he didn't know why, but they seemed more prominent than usual, and they were cute. They were really damn cute. And his lips. Dean's lips were right there, right in front of him, and they looked so soft today. It had been quite a while since Cas had last kissed Dean, it had been a while since they had pretended to be on a date at that café, but Cas still remembered the trampoline jump that kissing those lips had caused his heart, and he really wouldn't complain about revisiting that feeling right now ...
I laughed. “You’re a P.E. teacher,” I said. “You should be able to handle some stairs”
The pen met the paper, and I started writing. It was nothing but notes that I took, a bunch of incoherent keywords that came to my mind when thinking about Dean. Some of them were circled, others underlined, then crossed out and double-underlined again.
Claire looked out the window for a moment.
Claire indeed stopped crying abruptly and instead stared up at the stranger with widened eyes. Cas observed with a chuckle how she stared at him in total silence for a moment and then robbed back to hold onto Cas's leg and hide her face from him.
I kissed him back, my hands now lying on his chest, slightly holding onto his shirt.
Cas couldn't quite follow on what that reaction had been about, but as Jo didn't comment on it any further, he forgot about it rather quickly as well.
And when he said that, when he told her that it just kinda happened, he meant it. Not the kisses on the title page of the magazine on the table, obviously not. But his feelings for Dean, and what it did to him when Dean kissed him, or touched him, or even only smiled at him, Cas hadn't wanted that, and it really had just happened.
Claire didn't stop fidgeting though, and Dean interrupted.
"Thank you," he said, and he truly meant it.
"Hey," she smiled as she stood up and walked over to them, "Cas, right?"
“What do you need strength for?”
"That's delicious, Cas," Jo said after a while.
"Four!" Dean said to her with a smile, "Wow! You're almost one of the big kids, then!"
"Yeah, I wasn't taking any offense," Cas said, "I know that. That's why I wanted to check on that with you"
and the way it feels so right
He looked over to me with a grin that didn’t make it any easier to repress those thoughts.
"I don't know," Dean chuckled, "she either doesn't or she's good at hiding it. Maybe she's like you and has no idea"
And now it was too late. It had happened, and there was nothing he could do to change that.
Before he left the car, Dean pressed another quick kiss on Cas's cheek and said "see you tomorrow?"
Hunting demons we tried so hard to kill;
Still with a smile on his face, the man now turned to Claire.
“Still,” I said, “Don’t say you’re not smart. I think you are”
a library,” I whispered with a shrug.
"Mh, I see," Sam nodded. "So who initiated the clear-up talk? Something tells me it wasn't Dean"
One of those chairs was occupied by a woman. Red hair, a black shirt with a very busy print up in the front, and quite a stack of paper on the table in front of her. She looked up as the door opened and immediately had a smile on her face as she saw them.
“Yeah,” he shrugged. “I can call you that, right?”
"Yeah, no, I ... I have to make a decision, and I think I need your input"
, Cas," Dean smiled.
"I don't know," Dean replied, now suddenly with a smirk, "maybe it threw me off that you called me an idiot"
Cas spent the meantime calming Claire and telling her that Jo would be right back with something that would help her, and not even an hour later, it knocked again.
"Oh God yes," Dean groaned. "Don't stop, please don't stop"
"Shouldn't they be visible?" Cas asked. "Like with a big camera being all fussy in the front or something?"
"No problem," the friendly voice said, and then he was put on hold.
“It’s not that far from the dining hall,” I chuckled, “That should be alright. There’s food involved, after all.”
"Do we need to talk?" Dean suddenly asked quietly, and Cas turned his face to look at him.
So, the day went by without him talking to anyone, and especially not to Dean. He spent some time watching TV, very quietly though because of Claire's headache, and that was pretty much all he did before he gave his daughter one final portion of medicine and tucked her in for a whole night's sleep, telling her to wake him up whenever something was wrong.
"Dean," he finally breathed and turned to him, "you said you'd keep her out of this. You
"Great," Cas said. "That's great"
Charlie let her free from her grip as it was her father she was running towards to, and after a heartfelt greeting hug between Jo and Claire, Cas continued his introductions and introduced his best friend to Charlie and Dean.
He decided to go look for Dean, and found him upstairs in the studio by himself. Ed and Harry weren't there as all of their recordings were finished so far and they, just like Cas, didn't have any more work to do for now.
They arrived at the venue rather early, Cas had the impression it probably was because everyone was nervous about this being the first show. Especially Dean seemed nervous. He was fidgeting around backstage, and at some point even Claire seemed to be calmer than him.
"Oh Jo is coming with me," Dean explained. "She's gotta talk some licensing stuff with Taylor's guys and she understands more of Sam's law crap than I do, so she tags along. And she's waiting for me right now, so ..."
"Thanks," he smiled. "I guess there's a reason you're regularly barging in for dinner. Maybe it's just that I'm the better cook"
"You talked to Sam?" She asked.
And by now, after years and years around Dean, by his side, caring about him, loving him, Cas had come to the conclusion that he probably never would.
“Your Mom died?” I asked before I could stop myself.
Is not what you deserve
“I’m sorry,” he then breathed, still looking into my eyes. “I didn’t want to make you uncomfortable. I shouldn’t have-“
"Well I didn't," Dean explained, "Originally. This was planned in like three weeks’ time. But there were some problems with the booking of the recording studio and we could've either switched it to this week or one more back, and back didn't work for me at all because of the album recordings, so I was told yesterday that I gotta be down in L.A. tomorrow morning the latest, and here we are."
"Well, you'll definitely have to remember the name," he said. "The rest ..." he shrugged, "mmh"
. This time there was no fabric between us, there was nothing between us at all. It was nothing but bare skin, it was his erection, hard and leaking, that he was rubbing against mine.
“Do you like that?” Dean breathed without stopping.
Cas convinced himself to swallow his hint of inner panic down and softly put his arms around Dean's neck, and as he felt Dean's hands back on his hips, that gave him confirmation that he had made the right decision.
"I want you to tell me the truth," she said, "about who you've been seeing while I've been watching your daughter"
Dean stared moaning below him, and he definitely was not holding back as he vocalised for Cas how much he loved this and how much harder he wanted it.
"Are we going to visit Dean?" She asked happily.
"Yeah," Cas smirked. "How are you feeling?"
communication issues.
," the girl said. "That's really ... it's really nice of you."
“You know what, you’re absolutely right. I’ll just put the food in the centre of my orientation and everything will be fine.”
let my mind go there, not right now, not around him. Not around anyone.
, Cas typed into the comment field. He glanced over to Dean, and after a supportive nod from his boyfriend, he hit send.
The elder lady eyed him with a soft expression.
"Yeah," Cas said, "we come back. I promise"
"Okay?" Cas said, "What's the matter?"
The racing of his heart was right back, spreading through his entire body, he could hear his heartbeat in his ears as he leaned into Dean's touch, leaned his entire body into him and the kiss, softly placing his hands on Dean's chest as he kissed him back.
with your arms around me
On Christmas Eve, Dean agreed to join me to the mass down at the village, and I didn’t even have to ask twice. He wasn’t too enthusiastic about it, I could see that, but he didn’t complain either. We saw a couple of familiar faces there, including some of our colleagues that lived down in the village and of course visited the mass for Christmas with their families. Even our principal, Mr. Price, was there with his wife.
"Ay, boss," she laughed and poked Claire's side. Again, the girl laughed. "Claire, love, I gotta put you down"
As we left the bar an hour or two later, we both were tipsy. Not exactly drunk, just tipsy enough to take a couple of things easier than we would have being sober.
"Always," he grinned. He turned back around to Cas. "You been waiting for long?"
"Hi!" He grinned, showing off his ridiculously white - and perfect - teeth.
Cas spent some more time talking to Sam that night, about him and Dean, about Claire, but also about other things. They talked about themselves for a bit, he learned a detail or two about Sam's life in California and his lawyer job, and he told him some things about his own life, his former job as a teacher.
“I’m sorry about your loss,” I chose. “But I understand your decision. I think I would have done the same thing”
different. Cas was at Dean's arm just like before, and they looked just the same on the outside, but he felt that something was different. And maybe he only made that up, but something gave him the impression that Dean was more distant to him. He had him right there by his arm, but still, Cas felt weirdly distanced.
"What do you mean, only you?" Dean said. "You're great. It’s just, I wanted to talk to both of you because I got sort of a complicated request that will probably be too much for only one of you. Not talent-wise, I mean. Workload."
“Sure,” I immediately said. Of course he could. He could, and I loved it. I would have loved any nickname he could have given me.
"Oh," Dean made, "it's just a thought. Not even a coherent one, more like a seed of an idea that's only just started growing"
It went smoother than Cas had initially expected. He was nervous and insecure at first, but knowing that Dean felt the same way did calm him for some reason, and the feeling of Dean's hand in his gave him just enough emotional support to take all his courage together and just do it.
If it is, I miss you more.
"So, what are you gonna do the next time you want to use the paint?"
"I am," Cas breathed.
All feedback is welcome and appreciated :)
Jo chuckled at that.
And that’s another thing about best friends.
"Hey," Dean smiled at him
Now that the shock was slowly sinking in, panic started rising. I had been aware of the risk, of course I had. I had been thinking about it, Dean had waited for me to make up my mind about it because I had been so scared about exactly this happening.
, was the initial thought of understanding, and then Dean thought
"So," Dean started, "I've told you a lot about me. What about you, though? Who is it I'm inviting for ice cream?"
uh-oh ... O.O
I chuckled. “Yeah, there is. Down in the village.”
"Tempting," Cas said, "But I don't even know what this mysterious job-not-in-the-classic-sense is about"
His daughter, his little daughter who had been just a toddler back when she had dropped her ice cream on Dean, was going to school by now. And not only was she going to school yet, she had almost reached middle school age already. Back then, she hadn't even been able to reach the table on her own, her little arms hadn't even fit around Dean's guitar when he had been playing with her, whereas by now, she had gotten her own full-sized guitar and quietly sat back every afternoon to play it and sing along. She was still passionate about it like on the very first day, and she still imitated Dean and everything he did with a lot of enthusiasm. And she was good. She had become really good at playing the guitar, most of that was probably thanks to Dean, even though Dean insisted that Cas had done important work teaching her how to handle that little guitar she had gotten for her 5th birthday.
"Delicious!" Claire declared happily.
Claire didn't see that picture and didn't get to ask questions Cas wouldn't have known how to answer, but the weird feeling of people recognizing him stayed.
"Not at all," she said. "I was just thinking how annoying it is that there's literally nothing interesting on TV that time of the day. Or night. Whatever."
So that Monday, Garth wasn't there, and Cas was sitting in the office alone with Charlie, both quietly working, when Dean came in.
"Anyway," Jo said, "I have a feeling there's something you wanna talk about? Or did you just feel like having a nice chat with me at a time you're usually asleep already?"
“It’s that one guy,” Dean said. “He’s
I tried to recall every single interaction we had had, every time I had talked to him, every time he had smiled at me.
"Yeah," Charlie chuckled, "We're very happy about that. Lots of people engaged with the topic last night, and that's of course amazing, Dean's follower count made a jump, and the overall reaction is positive and judgmental of the previous rumours. People are hella curious about who you are, of course, but there's also a lot of support going on for the LGBTQ+ community,
When they separated again, Dean gave him another intense look, and that smirk. Cas knew that smirk, he had seen it a thousand times already.
"Well he thinks we're nuts but legally it should work as we discussed"
"Does your throat hurt as well?" He asked. "Or scratch?" Maybe it was a cold. He couldn't think of how she could've possible caught a cold recently, but the girl was here with her aching head, so something had to be wrong.
"What, nothing?" Cas chuckled. "You were singing, weren't you? Is that another new song? I thought we were finished?"
"Yeah," Cas chuckled, "I bet that feels good"
“Dean, we talked about this before,” I laughed. “You’re teaching P.E., you really shouldn’t be complaining about having to take some stairs”
in his heart, that something ...
I really hope you don't
A smile appeared on Cas’s face. “I love you too,” he breathed.
Cas looked right back into Dean's eyes. They were sad, there was this familiar cheeky spark missing, but they were also honest. Dean meant it, he could see that. He really cared about Claire.
I forget about the entire world
But then, on the other hand, Cas really didn’t want to share the masterpiece. So, he always reminded himself, no museum. Leave him here, with you, in the bunker, and admire this masterpiece at its finest: When he’s just rolled out of bed, in his silly pyjamas with cartoon prints all over, sipping on his coffee, sleep still in his eyes, hair ruffled, but his freckles standing out.
She clicked on another tab and revealed a tweet that had a video attached to it. Charlie turned the volume on and clicked play.
“So, you’re from a religious family?” he concluded.
It was the first time the idea of being with another man like that became a real possibility. All my life, thoughts like those had been a distant fantasy. Something that existed solely in my mind, in a safe space that only I knew about.
And that moment, in the middle of the night as I was lying in bed in my dark room, staring up at the ceiling, I realized.
"Yeah?" Cas chuckled, "why is that?"
"Yeah," Cas smiled. "Garth was done with me for today, and I checked with Jo, so ..."
"Handling what?" Jo asked, "the new job?"
"Great," Cas returned the smile, "I'll tell you tomorrow"
"Hey," he replied. "You were still awake, yeah? I'm not keeping you up?"
There were four other teenagers further in the back, still on the bench, but Dean and Cas didn't even register that. Their eyes were on that girl right next to them who now came out of her freeze and hastily picked her phone up from the ground while babbling something like "sorry, don't mind me"
Dean leaned in close and spoke into Cas's ear.
Dean now appeared in the room, wearing a Christmas sweater with Rudolph the red-nosed reindeer on it.
"No problem," Cas smiled. "For how long will you be gone?"
"Well I won't spoil anything for tomorrow," Dean said, "but what I can tell you is, it's got 14 brand new songs on it, we've put our heart and soul into it, and we're of course hoping people will like it"
"Not yet," Dean shrugged with a smirk.
"Yeah," Cas chuckled, "if you both say so ..."
"Pretty sure those two know who you are"
Cas glanced at his watch. Ten minutes before 9, that wasn't too bad. He hadn't been sure about how long it'd take him to get there, especially with dropping Claire off on the way, but he was content with the time.
"I ..." Cas sighed, "I just feel like I don't belog here, you know? Because I ..." he shrugged, "This isn't me, Dean. And come on, you know that. Just a couple hours ago I was on my knees scrubbing my living room floor, and that alone makes me entirely different from the people that go here. Like they don't clean their homes themselves. I just ..."
Cas sat down next to him on the couch with a soft smile. They were at his house, and even though he had gotten used to Dean being around, seeing him sit on this old couch in his small living room with the blue stains on the ground still had something funny to it. He was Dean Winchester, after all. International pop star. On his boyfriend's old second hand bought couch. It was his boyfriend's couch, though. And that was what counted.
"After ..." I started to repeat, then stopped. After Dean was gone.
"No, actually," she said, "I mean I did immediately recognise you when I saw the photos, but that's probably because I knew something like that was coming. I know people who know you as well and who have seen the photos, and I haven't heard any of them mention you with a word. Maybe they have a little thought like
"Can I ask you something?" He then said.
"Hi," Cas smiled back and took it, "I've heard about you, it's really nice to finally meet you"
"Thank you," Claire squealed happily.
“Yeah,” he contemplated for a second, “Maybe. But on the other hand, you know … I couldn’t risk anyone else noticing I was trying to flirt. It had to be subtle.”
"Well, it's more like, I ask you for something, but you don't have to agree"
When Dean had pressed down the handle already, he stopped and turned back to Cas who eyed him with an irritated expression.
"Right," Cas smirked. "We should repeat it, then. A
"Yeah," Cas smiled. "Charlie keeps me updated every time the number goes up. Seems like people are really eager to see you live"
"Yeah," Dean added, "constructive criticism? Any feedback? Too disgusting, not disgusting enough, anything?"
“That,” Cas hissed.
“You’ve been here for over a month now,” I asked as we were walking up the hill in the back of the property, “Are you happy with your decision?”
"Yeah, could say that," he chuckled. "Not famous enough for you to recognize me, apparently"
"Jeez," she laughed. "And then, what? He just was like
it's not ridiculous
Knowing that he had noticed such little details about me, that he cared enough to remember them; and knowing that he even cared enough to memorize my entire schedule just to be able to meet me at the library at the right time, that made me think. His behaviour after we had had that talk at the chapel, him being willing to give me as much time as I needed, his willingness to wait for me and him never pressuring me, not even once, him being prepared to accept a no from me, that made me think even more.
first time, with clear intentions"
“Me too,” I sighed. “But that would be too much of a risk”
He was falling in love, he knew that. Maybe he had fallen in love, maybe he was still falling. Cas wasn’t entirely sure if this was more a state or an ongoing process, but in the core, he knew that it was love.
Later that day, Dean came over to ask if they wanted to come with him and the band to have a first look at the venue, and of course they did.
“Dean,” I tried to tell him again, but again, he cut me off.
"Oh yes you did," she said. "It's not easy looking like a couple without doing anything obvious, but you really delivered in there. Great chemistry, guys"
The little girl eyed the woman for a second, then replied with conviction: "Claire"
"Uhm ..." Cas stuttered, "Yeah. Sure."
who knows anyway.
"Oh that's not good," she muttered to herself without reacting to him at all, "oh no that's not good at all"
"Hm," she made, eyeing Cas.
Cas looked at Dean with a soft expression, saw his sad face and his even sadder eyes, and he felt a sting in his chest caused by how broken Dean looked in that very moment.
to be part of the acting, Cas thought, it just had to be.
“Yes,” I smiled at him, “Very good. Thank you!”
Claire slept a lot over the day, she dozed off again and again. Cas was constantly around her, checking her temperature, freshening up the towel and making sure to remember to give her the medicine. At some point he ordered something for lunch from room service, and he even convinced Claire to take a few bites. She wasn't feeling like eating, but he thought taking in a bit of energy wouldn't be bad in her condition.
with your arms around me
They went to get some of the food from the buffet, and they didn't speak a single word the entire time. Worse than that, Cas had the impression that every time he looked at Dean, the other man would immediately turn his own glance away.
Dean grabbed Cas's hand and pulled him out of the elevator, through the lobby and towards the man that presumably was his brother Sam. Cas only realised how tall he really was when he was standing right in front of him and had to look up. Him and Dean did look alike, Cas thought, not exactly a lot, not remarkably, but eyeing him, he did notice some features in his face that he definitely knew from the older brother. Sam was taller than Dean of course, and he looked rather different than him with his about chin-long hair framing his face, but there was something there in his smile that just told Cas that was Dean's brother.
Because he felt good that way. He truly did feel entirely good that way, having accepted that this was just the way he felt, the way he was, that this was just him. And there admittedly were many things about himself that Cas didn’t like, some not at all, some he hated with a burning passion, and some he simply wanted to forget about, but this wasn’t one of them.
I swallowed hard at his words.
"Yeah," Jo said softly, "I really think. And I also think there's something else that's holding you back from going"
In the hallway, he - magically - ran into Dean again.
"Yeah," Dean said with that incredible warm smile on his face. "No, I … I am comfortable with telling you, Cas. Apart from that you could literally just go online and find out, I … I think we have that kind of relationship"
"Good," Cas replied with a smile, "She's good. She's starting to get a bit grumpy currently, especially about me going to work, she doesn't like that so much, but yeah. She's fine"
"Okay," Cas said softly, "okay, that's not so bad. I got that"
"Yeah," Dean chuckled, "really seems like it."
"Uhm, kinda, yeah," Cas said. "We talked a bit, he bought Claire new ice cream, really sweet. Then he just asked if I'd be interested in a job, and here we are"
"And this is where you work?" Cas asked. "Like you make music here?"
"Well I got a new job," Cas shrugged. That was such a bad and obvious lie, and he knew Dean wouldn't have that, but he tried anyway, because he couldn't think of anything else to say.
Claire laughed and let him do it, even though she had to rework her hair afterwards and Dean had caused some knots in it. But she always let him, Cas suspected that she secretly loved it when he was doing that, because he knew his daughter loved Dean unconditionally and she would do everything if it meant only the tiniest bit of attention from him.
- when they heard the front door followed by Dean's steps in the hallway.
small talk.
Even though I haven’t been back to the school in decades, and most of the people that had been around me there are long dead by now, I still like to think back to my time there. This place has given me a lot, after all, more than I could have ever asked for.
And he was right; we really did have all of Christmas break to figure things out. We had roughly two weeks to figure out our relationship, to make things work between us. And we did.
More than that, he was
"Oh they're mine," Dean said indifferently. "I figured you'd wear more or less the same size"
with your arms around me
"See?" Missouri smirked. "She's gotta know"
“Mh,” Dean made thoughtfully as he leaned back on the couch. “It’s not really one single moment that I suddenly knew. I think I realized, over time. But I mean, you asked me to buy you a drink the very first time we talked. Not exactly subtle.”
Another smile, then they stepped forward and now entered a rather busy pedestrian zone. Sure, it was yet another sunny day this spring, temperatures started rising, and accordingly many people were out and about in this nice part of town today.
Dean's smile to go straight into his chest, warming him up. He didn't
None of them mentioned the charity dinner or anything that had happened there with even a word, and if Cas had his way they'd never have to address it at all.
"Right," Cas chuckled. "I really thought he was just some guy. When people started taking photos of him, I kinda started doubting."
this one is from chapter 3 of my fic
"Yeah," Cas sighed.
Cas only stared at her. He had heard her words, and he had understood them, but they didn't make sense.
There was a photographer wandering around, strangely contrasted from everyone else in his jeans and black shirt, who shot pictures of various guests and didn’t spare Dean and Cas either. Cas had watched some others pose for photos, and that had made him insecure about how to behave, but when the man with the camera approached them, Dean leaned in and kissed Cas's cheek at the exact right moment, solving that problem.
He soon moved his right hand down to give Dean some quick strokes, to give him only a hint of all that pleasure back that he had received.
"Hey," Sam replied before he patted Dean's shoulder and they separated. With a smile and a quick look at each other, he added: "Good to see you"
's url. To his genuine surprise, the blog immediately pops up as the first result.
Almost immediately he heard the by now almost familiar voice. "Yeah"
just wanted to let y'all know that I had a very different plan for this chapter originally, but then Cas and Dean did that thing where they break free from the narrative ... They decided to do that, and who am I to stop them. Also, I very rarely write sex scenes, and I've never done one with a 1st person narrator before, so excuse this being awkward :/
I was of course aware that I was not William Shakespeare but instead nothing but an American English teacher with a love for poetry and a big crush on my colleague, but the urge of at least trying to write a poem about Dean stayed strong. It didn’t let me focus on anything else. Not even hours later, as I was sitting in the library that afternoon trying to get some work done, it didn’t go away. No, the thought stayed right there on my mind, prominent as it was, stubbornly keeping me from working through the stack of essays in front of me.
