Since he was beside the window seat, he could see the Helicarrier below them. It still looked incredible (not that he’d ever admit that to anyone) but he didn’t see anyone waiting. Actually, he didn’t see anyone at all.
“You sure? That really will mean change. What I do, it doesn’t come without risks.” Steve said and sighed. “Though I’m always looking for potential.”
“He’s not afraid to bond. He wants it.” Nat filled in helpfully and Tony glared daggers at her, especially when Steve lit up. “I think he’s more worried about not having your mark.”
Tony nodded silently, letting his eyes drift as he stopped seeing beyond Steve. There wasn’t much point in arguing when Steve was like this. And what could he say after how he’d just behaved? It really was repulsive behavior. Pathetic and fitting for him.
It sounds stupid, even to him. But somehow he’s drawn to the idea. Pepper always did say he wasn’t the best at decision making.
"You weren't wrong. I did keep Iron man away. It hurt to be so close and not be able to tell you." Tony explained and ducked his head, taking a shuddery breath. "I'm sorry."
For a second, Tony's vision swam. The lights behind Steve grew a fraction brighter.
For the first time, Tony wanted to go back into his lab and hide. Natasha knew. He
“Good for you.” The blond on Ben’s right sneered and suddenly Tony was reminded of the time Clint had called him out for not being able to cook eggs. It hadn’t mattered but in those early days, before his secret identity had been discovered he’d had a strange reputation of being a rich man with no substance, which just wasn’t true.
Hearing the sounds, he frowned and opened the door. To his complete and utter surprise, he heard a familiar voice in the room. Then he saw.
Tony can’t take his eyes away from the sheer joy and pain in Roger’s eyes. It’s like watching someone talk about their lost love.
Now, seven months later, Tony stands alone, watching the world from the sidelines and feeling caught between the old and the new. Maybe this was how Steve felt when he first woke up. Tony doesn’t know how to cope with it anymore. He’s a dam about to burst. He’s falling apart at the seems.
“I’m not upset that we’re bonded. That we’re...mates.” Tony said quietly, realizing it was the truth. “You didn’t hurt me-“
“Leave her. She’s mine.”
The look Steve gave him, told him that Steve knew exactly how much, down to the time and date. "Maybe. But I figure it's more fun for you if you figure it out. But lets just say I was the happiest man alive that day. And there were a few surprises."
stumbled.
Shaken from his thoughts, he looked up and nodded. His eyes were fixed on the blinking red dot that highlighted Steve’s position.
It’s not right but he knows he’s been thinking about that a little too much. He knows you’re not meant to think about things like that, that it isn’t healthy. But he does wonder and he does wish.
“The price was high, wasn’t it?” Reed broke the silence, following his gaze to the glass. Right now, Steve almost feels like he has a friend.
The stand feels cool to touch. Someone has kindly left him some sheets of thin paper with words on them. The plan for this event and a few things to say in case he cant' think of anything. And tissues. There’s a small collection of tissues neatly pinned to the board.
Mute with shock, Tony slowly shook his head, praying Steve wouldn’t-he wouldn’t-
Glancing at Sharon, Steve watched her switch through the logs and sighed. He knew she’d been angry the minute he overrode her orders to let this one go to the Avengers and space division in Shield. It hadn’t been right to cut through the chain but he’d had no choice. This was personal.
“Stark? C’mon.” Steve breathed behind him and suddenly the hand in his belt slipped around and waist and tugged him back until he felt the warm heat of Steve’s chest against his back.
Still hopeful, Tony stopped the nearest agent. “Excuse me, have you seen Hill?”
“Nightmares.” Steve agreed and just stood there watching Tony for almost a full minute. He didn’t even seem to blink much.
Wandering the halls of the Helicarrier, he's surprised to learn there's a small library on board. God knows why, but he finds himself going there a few times. Maybe because it's the biggest change from seeing Shield agents and thus, anything to do with Steve, or his life.
And why is he pregnant? Why does he have an alpha mate?
“They are becoming more active.” Norman observed, crossing his legs and leaning back against the cushions. Tony kept his back straight as he quietly listened. In the study, he was not permitted to speak without probing.
I hope you enjoyed this chap-it was long overdue and I really wanted to get it out asap so that we could progress, hence my late night posting :)
“He’s my soulmate. If he dies, that’s on my head. I need to tell him.”
A quick adjustment of some of the cardboard and a slight shuffle of the spare washing machine someone had left, created a good cover for him. This alley was darker than the others, so he could pretty much hide in plain sight.
And vanilla. The perfect combination.
Steve spun back round then and looked Tony in the eye, all humor gone from the scene. “A new face appears. And suddenly the death rate disappears. Locals don’t seem as worried, and the police have no concerns anymore.”
“What?” Steve’s voice went low and dark and he glanced at the door too.
“What do you mean?”
Tony held his gaze. “I’ve been outside before. Last year. You let me go and I found blood. I can do it.”
Tony started to panic. What was happening to him? His body didn’t feel real anymore and it was like he was being possessed by something. Or like he had the same disease Whitney had on her fangs. It was eating him alive from the inside.
“Tony. He’s dying Steve.”
“That was amazing Tony.” Steve sighed and closed his eyes, panting lightly. “You’re amazing.”
The journey hadn’t been too bad. Of course, Tony hadn’t been able to keep quiet completely and Steve seemed to want to know how his work had been going. So they made small talk about SI, Avenger work and a few extra things. Steve told him he’d booked a hotel for the both of them after the party to give them an evening to rest. Apparently he had cleared Tony’s diary through Pepper as they’d all agreed (Fury included surprisingly) that he’d need a day to recharge. That had actually been really thoughtful since Tony hadn’t considered they’d encourage him to rest. And he could really use a break.
Suddenly Tony recalled their first meeting.
It was surprising. Zeke was never this unforgiving with her. Something must have gone majorly wrong for him to be this harsh to one of his favorites.
No, it couldn't be true, he was obviously being irrational, he was sure. What kind of person would choose to hire someone they weren't sure of? Why would Fury, after everything Tony had tried to do, think he was a such bad fit? Fury knew exactly how hard he tried, and Fury-
“It is? No, it’s really not, I just think you look great. That’s all.” And really who was he kidding, this was
“No, we don’t want your food. We’re not some charity case that you can just-“
(See the end of the chapter for
When he faced Steve, he was met with an expression of complete awe. Steve's deep blue eyes were bright and glistening, and his shoulders were loose and swept back as if he’d been pushed back by some hidden force that had left him loose and relaxed. His lips were curved up ever so slightly, as if partway through smiling, and his whole stance had changed. He looked mystified and deeply pleased all at once.
Did people discuss it? Was he that bad? Had he screwed up even more than hurting Steve?
Steve looks up and sees Carol standing by the door. It’s not Tony this time. It’ll never be if he has any say.
He sighed and took Steve’s hand, silently impressed at the strength of the grip. It was firm and his claws encompassed Tony’s hand, but not once did they dig in.
It’s...it’s a lot. When Ty said his piece it had been short and believable. When Rogers spoke, it was like being told a fairy tale. It was too good to be true.
“YOU ARE MINE! HOW DARE YOU THINK I DON’T WANT YOU!?” Steve all but screamed in his face and Tony jerked back in shock.
The ache grew into an awful pit in his stomach. It wasn’t right to imagine himself with Steve. He knew he had feelings for him but imagining them as mates was sick. Forbidden.
As well as being in love. How could he be in love with a man he’d never even
The smile vanished from Tony’s face. He let his arms fall loose by his sides again and met Steve’s eye.
“Sir, your vitals are starting to become concerning-“
Alarmed, Steve followed his finger and noticed the tsum copying him in the ball pit.
“Uhh...what?”
“You’re Iron man. Whoever you are under the armor, you don’t need to prove anything to me. I know how I feel about you. I just want to know.”
The shrill noises grew louder and louder and a block away there were red and blue lights flashing brightly. The sound only got louder and every part of Tony wanted to know more.
He smiled just thinking about it. The good old days where the team would be there, but most importantly Steve would be leading them front and centre, not even hesitating to help whoever needed it. It was a core part of Steve that Tony had loved even then.
"Steve!"
Not everything’s changed. He still risks his life.
For a moment, Steve didn’t say anything. Then looked down and bit his lip and sighed, and maybe that was Steve’s tell. Maybe that was what he did when he wasn’t sure of something or needed to rethink. Tony had seen him do that a few times now.
It was cold. Really cold. He should’ve brought a jumper or something at least to fend off the wind and rain.
“Superhero registration isn’t the way Tony. Surely you can see that?”
Tony wondered if every couple in a divorce had to sit in a room like this. Wasn’t the point to not see the other person?
“Ah but you weren’t alone. And I did that to strengthen your bond with Whitney. And it hasn’t helped has it?”
Still, for the sake of his principles he ran the risk of freezing to death. Not a great way to go. Here lies Tony Stark who lived a great life as head of Stark Industries but unfortunately didn’t make it back in time. The cold got him first.
Tony goes back to what Pepper says.
“Get out.” Steve says and the whole room freezes like a bone-chilling cold has taken over.
and clap his shoulder and tell him he’s proud of him. Someone else to show him all the films he missed and take him to baseball games.
“Steve, you shouldn’t have done that. They all got really scared, you should’ve seen it-“
Within seconds he felt like the odd one out. He always struggled to follow orders but this was really gonna test that. Especially if he had to behave like these people. He was Tony Stark for crying out loud. Instead of agreeing to terrorists, he blew them up and escaped.
"No problem at all." Steve huffed and the sound of metal vibrating came through. "Could use a hand here though. Where are you?"
Steve raised a hand to the panel by the screen and pressed the call button. “Sharon, Maria, confirm?”
“I don’t care about the company or any of it. I just want to go home. Please Steve, let me go home.” Tony whispered quietly, feeling his body hitch even as his eyes stayed on Steve’s horrified expression. Really, there wasn’t anything else he could do.
“Not if your gonna make that call. I’m waiting. C'mon Tony what do you have to lose?”
Steve’s cheeks were bright pink in it and his mouth was wide and all teeth. He looked he’d just saved the world.
“We’re all monsters at heart.” Tony echoed back, hearing the words leave his lips with no trace of snark.
Steve’s eyes softened. “It was a good night wasn’t it?” He said and Tony caught him looking at him with bright shining eyes.
“Steve?”
“Yeah well.” It was better not to open up that kettle of fish. He didn’t need Steve knowing that he’d once dreamed of having his mark. Or that he was afraid of Steve asking to see his. “I’m not really interested in that kind of stuff. I prefer to keep those kinds of things under tabs.”
“Shield won’t hold onto you shares forever Tony. But if I just give them over straight away once I have them...” Steve bit his lip and considered it. “How about I come up with a draft and you tweak it. If you agree then we can get you started on the work straight away. The sooner you start, the better.”
“Mr. Stark...Tony Stark...” Steve shook his head and met his eyes. “You’re...”
"God, Tony-" Steve whispered and hugged him close.
“You wanna draw me?” Tony blurted and tried not to blush when he saw Steve leer at him.
The minute the sound left Tony’s mouth Steve’s head shot up. His eyes glowed in the dark for a minute and his mouth tightened into a thin line.
The tailor pulled back sharply and motioned at Steve with the tape. There was a sigh behind him that made him shudder. He could feel Steve’s breath brush against his ear as he leaned in.
The man nodded and stepped back, but not before giving the ball pit another weary glance. The man looked like he’d seen a ghost when chances were it was probably an animal that had managed to get in. Maybe some kid left a gerbil behind or something.
A warm smile spread across Zeke’s lips. “My favorite. You do know me well pet.”
Steve was firmly shaking his head and gasping into his shoulder.
Steve as a mess. His gorgeous blue eyes were filled with tears and he looked like he was about to break into pieces. His cheeks were ruddy and his lips trembled. He kept his hands on Tony carefully, and looked at him like he was afraid to let go.
He could close his eyes and pretend that just for a moment, everything was fine. And that nothing had changed. Sure he was in the middle of a fight, and these robots weren't making it easy but-
“About sixteen kilometres from the site. The commander is located inside the warehouse-“
“I’m fine.” He assures, though he knows he’s missing that lightning spark behind his smile. Instead, it’s a tired old thing that sits there, more out of habit than any real happiness.
“You’re so good Anthony, so good. Unlike the pathetic creatures of this world. You follow the natural order, you know who you are and you embrace it. We feed off others as is the way. It’s our right to relish in that power.”
“Tony, you don’t actually think I’d hurt you, do you?” Steve whispered, going pale as he did. For a moment, Tony didn’t know what to think. But he knew he wanted to be anywhere but here.
“I bit you. I marked you during the knotting. And I’m so sorry I didn’t ask you.”
With a growing smile, Steve leaned closer. "No. I don't think I will."
“No, I’m fine, I...” The sky was starting to spin a little. Maybe a bit too much for his liking. He probably needed to lie down, drink some water, get those...those bullets seen to...
“We’re gonna try. But it looks like everyone’s gone dark.”
And that was the start. He was an
“Hey, you know I don’t have anywhere else to-“
“Ride with me.”
No one moved. The group of twenty agents just stared at him like he was a complete stranger who’d managed to break in. The air felt thick with tension.
“That’s our pup. Of course, I want to.”
"It's not like I haven't heard it before." Tony mumbled and startled when Steve's hand brushed against his and reached out to grab some clothes. Wordlessly, Steve began to help him pack and Tony let him.
Steve paused a few feet before the well lit path of the main street. “What’re your vices Tony?” He asked, giving Tony time to catch up.
Steve paused and frowned when he reached Tony’s hand.
Steve couldn’t help him. No one could.
“You act like I’m new at this. I’ve always been an insider on these things.”
Neither had been, but Yinsen’s death broke something in him. Iron man was born but Tony Stark had been buried somewhere deep in the sand where the last scraps of the Mark 1 lay. Somewhere, sometime during the heat and the sand, the weight of his actions and the dust under his feet, he’d trudged through the burning desert in a last ditch effort to save himself from the inevitable.
"You were protecting yourself. And I didn't give you a good enough reason to trust me." Steve dipped his chin down and slowly brought his hands up to Tony's cheeks. There he held still and looked Tony in the eye.
Steve ducked his head down and swallowed, like he was admitting to a dark secret.
“Yes my lord.” Tony replied tiredly, feeling something in his chest ache. A long-standing, familiar ache whenever he thought too much. Mentally, he forced himself to push it aside.
It’s not like there’s anything left for him. All of the remnants are gone.
“Tony? Hey.”
“Nat, I couldn’t-no look, they were about to lose it, I could tell!”
Still, he was willing to share his small home. If he found someone who wanted to come and stay. He would happily give up his small roll of fabric and lie on the colder ground, if it meant someone could feel comfortable with him.
“Yeah. I was sure...” Another memory came to mind and suddenly he saw the kid in a new light.
“How much?” Tony said with a tired sigh so loud, he was sure lower Manhattan heard.
“Tony. What brings you here?” Steve replied, towering over him like a gigantic tree. Tony clamped down the urge to bend over in submission or something. Steve wasn’t a god and even if he was, Tony was not exactly religious.
“Tony? Look, I want to start over. Go back to the way we were before.”
“Pl’se don’t.” Tony begs, feeling tears well in his eyes. “J’st leave me.”
“No, I guess that’s a...Shield perk. But I can’t just accept something like that without a written agreement. And one where I can buy back my shares once I can afford it.”
“God, you’re really not okay are you?” Steve whispered then, looking absolutely distraught and without further thought, wrapped an arm around Tony and began to guide him away from the station, taking him further down the road until Tony spotted a car parked just up ahead.
, he could barely hear himself think.
. “Are you trying to upset me?”
He was in the med bay. A familiar sight for once, since he’d been here plenty of times as an Avenger. No one had needed to show him this once.
"Don't be. It's not my place to know."
Half the energy drink was finished by the time Tony pulled away. Putting it aside Steve let Tony push himself back against the headboard and collect himself for a moment.
Peter tilted his head. “Huh?”
It was exciting. Fantastic. Great progress. He was finally moving on.
“Sir, you need to breathe. Emergency services have been notified and your emergency contacts have been notified. Miss Potts, Colonel Rhodes, Mr. Barton and Miss Romanoff have all been notified.”
That still didn’t mean there weren’t problems though.
"How?"
Plastering a winning smile on his face, he stepped out of the limo and gave the crowd a wave. Ahead of them was another pair-a man and a woman tucked, arm-in-arm as they walked with their heads held high to the entrance. But the paparazzi had abandoned them for the obviously shinier toys. Tony’s smile broadened as the cameras found him.
“What team?”
Steve was far more mature. He simply nodded and threaded his fingers together. “I do.”
He stops. He shouldn’t go closer.
“John, please excuse my ex-boyfriend. Believe it or not, he was just as irritating when we were in a relationship as he is now.” Steve said sadly and John just chuckled.
It was at times like this that he missed Extremis. The power he’d had just by thinking it. For a small while he’d been strong.
With a comforting hand on his back, Fury pulled his chair out and made Tony sit. Then he grabbed a glass from the table and filled it with water.
Reed smiles like he’s about to cry. “You’ll get your chance Rogers. Just like he did.”
“I want to please you. I didn’t mean to feed the twins, I was just scared for them-“
“Tony? C’mon, look at me.” Steve was right behind him now, and he sounded more like a drill sergeant.
“You did very well then Anthony! Norman it seems you were right!” Zeke smiled, clapping Tony on the back firmly. Tony resisted the urge to rub over the area. His back still hurt from Whitney’s outburst.
He hadn’t expected it. Seeing Tony like this was the last straw.
“I’ll buy this area. We’ll use it to make it their home. They’re all pretty small so they need regular food and drink, especially this one here.” Tony pointed out and when he turned to look at the snuggling collection of tsums, he thought he saw the beginnings of hope in their eyes. Tony could understand. It must’ve been so hard to see strangers wondering around the closest thing to home.
His body hurts. His vision is starting to double. His heart feels heavy and aches.
“What’s your name?” He urged again and finally Tony gave in.
“Yeah Shellhead.” He said quietly, meeting Tony’s gaze. “I think we have a shot.”
They continued to chat for a while and slowly, Tony found himself getting to know Dugan and Gabe a bit more, and even Maria and Sharon and Fury. It was a good mix and Tony found himself smiling a lot more.
"Going somewhere?" Ben asked and tilted his head at him with a curious look.
“You got hurt!”
If you wanna save the art for when you get to those points in the story, use this link to see Lu's art of Tony in the uniform! YOU WILL LOVE IT!
The sun is just beginning to rise and he’s beginning to hear the telltale signs of New York coming alive. Taxis are revving and people are beginning to appear like phantoms that will soon be replaced by the real things with the morning coffee.
Tony watched distantly as Steve kept one arm around him and leaned over to grab the tray. Once he had it, he settled it on his lap and held out the bowl. It was definitely soup.
“Anthony, you really shouldn’t upset her-“ Zeke began and already Tony knew where this was going. “How can I allow you to marry her if you make her so miserable?”
“R-right.”
“You are but-I can’t. I just can’t.”
Tony frowned a little and smiled, feeling his hands start to shake. Sweat started to appear on his body.
"Okay puppy. I'm yours."
Livid, Steve turns on his heel and leaves, slamming the door shut behind him. He doesn’t bother to turn and see if Tony notices.
“Yes sir.”
For the most part they ate in silence with occasional glances at each other. Tony would say Steve seemed to get angrier each time.
His stomach has a slight bump but that’s it. Not enough to raise suspicion but enough to know that something’s changed. He’s going to have a baby. He’s actually going to have a
“Right.” Tony said dryly, rolled his eyes. “Except I’m not an idiot. I was best in my class, I’ll have you know. Went to MIT.”
“I know you said-“
“I’m not leaving you.” Steve breathes into the space between them and cups Tony’s cheek. “I’ll be here. Remember that.”
The door was yanked open and there Zeke was, dressed in a deep maroon armor, definitely designed by Norman for the riskier excursions. It was slim fitting but made up of titanium alloy plates. Hazily Tony thought of all the ways he could improve it. A common distraction technique he used when things were particularly difficult.
Tony mused.
And while Tony struggled to open and close his mouth, Steve stood up and fixed him with a look that could kill.
When Tony braved a look in Steve's direction, he was greeted with a good sight. Steve's eyes were closed and he was smiling to himself. His head was tipped back and the wind swept his hair back.
“You’ve been in there for five days Anthony.” Whitney explained, gleeful behind her mask. With a gentle arm wrapped around his like a lover, she guided him to the main hall. “I hope you liked it! I can’t wait for our bonding day after tomorrow! Oh it’ll be so good, I’ve got rope and Ty mentioned having you wear a collar after-“
” Rogers says sharply and his blue eyes go dark and fierce again as they meet Tony’s, head on. “I can never hate you. Never.”
Regret coursed through him. As it always did when he remembered what he'd lost.
It didn’t make any sense. If Tony has to guess, he would never have predicted Zeke looking so terrified of a werewolf. Even Ty looked shocked, seeing Steve this way.
Tony paused and tilted his head. Ben was glaring darkly at him, even if his friend was the one who’d spoken. The same blond that reminded him of Clint.
And Steve knew he thought that. He knew Tony genuinely thought this was right. But that didn’t mean Steve saw it that way.
Ten minutes later, Steve had Tony’s hand in his lap with a large ice-pack wrapped around it. Tony stared at the way Steve kept the pack tight around his hand and didn’t let Tony pull back, even for a minute.
“I don’t know. Pepper always-“
Steven Grant Rogers.”
He could manage on his own if it came down to it. He always managed.
No breaks. No broken bones. No...pain.
He had to help Steve.
“I need help here now! Steve’s been shot and he’s losing blood! We need all the supplies and fast!” Tony screamed into the coms and kept his breathing as close to normal as he could. He had to stay calm-had to help Steve-
It would certainly explain why Captain America had come running to his hospital room right after the fight.
“No. And thank god because I don’t think any of us are ready for kids. Definitely you and me at least.”
“Would want, what?”
Slowly Tony turned and looked at the crowd in the distance. A sea of phones and smiles met him. Lucky day for them since he’d never had someone touch him so intimately in public before.
"What? Nothing to say Ben? How about you Trish? No?"
"And I'm sorry about the SHRA." Tony gasps and sobs, scrubbing at his eyes hopelessly. "I'm so sorry, I was wrong, I was completely wrong-"
He charged up his boots and soared through the wave of bullets, hearing and feeling the many knocks of each one. None got through thankfully but his heart raced as bullets flew in front of him. The shield got closer though until finally, he reached out and grabbed it. Then he pushed up and banked over to Steve.
“Why didn’t you just agree to it?” Tony blurted and almost wished he hadn’t. Steve’s expression grew pained and his fingers clenched and unclenched against his uniform.
“It’s okay. I get you’re a busy bee, oh spy of spies.”
“It’s the same.” He said rather curtly and didn’t really invite anymore topics. In fact, none of them really did. Tony was suddenly reminded of crickets after a bad joke, or a kid at school dinners saying they liked the crappy mac and cheese more than the chocolate cake. The silence was deafening.
“Calm down Cap. Come here boy.” Dugan suddenly said, having finished his conversation with Gabe. He turned back round on his seat and leaned forward, crooking a finger his way. Wary, Tony took the seat Steve had pulled out and settled next to the man.
Covering an omega's neck had two meanings. To some it was considered proprietary in a way that went back to ancient times, where alphas would conquer omegas and finally stake their claim with their bite mark, touching it constantly to show ownership. To others, it was a mark of protection, a firm form of claim where the alpha would punish any who dared touch their bonded omega, and made it clear by swiping their scent over the bonding glands until the omega scented of alpha.
Tony blinked in shock. “Were you just waiting there?”
Everything is a process. Tony accepts Bucky’s conditions and helps him don the Shield. As much as Tony doesn’t want to admit it, Bucky takes to the role like he was born for it. A more violent Captain America, sure. But Captain America none-the-less.
Shocked at the scene, Tony could hardly believe his luck. He’d thought this day had been awful initially but what could be better than seeing Whitney embarrass herself publicly in front of the whole family? At the very least, Tony could now explain to Zeke that a union would be a bad idea for now.
"That's good. Good to know." Steve continued, and Tony struggled to keep his smile intact. "I needed to go through a few things with you, do you have a minute?"
. Steve knows fully well that Tony is swimming in guilt-hell, he’s probably scared too meet Steve’s eyes. It shouldn’t surprise him.
“You know your uniform?”
“Anthony? Pet? Where on earth have you-“
“Clean them. It's armor so it's salvageable but just about. Ugh, the savages.” Zeke groaned again and rolled his neck while Tony laid out the robes beside him.
“Not at all?”
“You’re okay, alright-
“Tony’s in shock. I n-need evac for both of us and a med team ready-
“I...”
“Tony...look.”
“Is that him?” He spoke quietly, in a clear voice, in Whitney’s ear and she laughed brightly, batting his arm playfully.
“You want me to...what? Make the weapons? Make the schematics? Repair them?”
“Stop
“Tony.” Steve said, sounding almost like he was in pain. “What else has your boyfriend done?”
Pleased, Zeke walked towards his desk and began to filter through his papers. While he did, he continued to speak.
Steve found him, he would likely be the one on the other side of the podium. The one giving the eulogy for a man everyone believed he hated with all his heart.
Through the speakers, Tony heard Pepper sigh and put a pen down. “I guess you’re right. Not totally but-“
Crouching down once more, he prepared to leap onto the next building when suddenly he heard sirens. Not the creature kind, but the sound of police.
All of a sudden, Steve's smile vanished. "No. Of course I don't."
“Fine.” Tony snatches the clothes and walks into the bathroom, hating that he can feel Captain America laughing at him. It’s honestly ridiculous. He’s pregnant for god's sake. Captain America of all people should know not to take advantage of him.
“It’s getting better. I know it doesn’t feel like it but I promise it is.” Steve explained, tugging Tony towards the bed carefully. He nudged Tony back into place and made a point to re-wrap his clothes around Tony, rubbing his thumb over Tony’s mark every so often. It didn’t hurt when Steve touched it, but it did make Tony shiver.
“You act as though we thought any differently too.”
“Don’t worry about me. I think we all know what he thought.”
“Half eleven. It’s nearly lunch.” Steve replied, turning around to lay the bowls on the island in the middle of the kitchen. He noticed Tony resting his head in one hand with his eyes closed like he was nursing a headache. Worryingly, Tony’s face looked very pale.
"I never did tell you why I was angry in the first place. If I'd forgiven you." Steve said quietly, and brushed the hair out his eyes gently, making Tony's cheek burn from the touch. "I thought I owed you an explanation."
That certainly made Tony...pause. If Steve didn’t like Sharon but did like someone else, the real question was who. It couldn’t be any of the Avengers since Steve hadn’t invited them, and it definitely couldn’t be him since he was just...
Silence met him. Then-
Tony scent was soothed. Relaxed. There was barely a hint of the ache from earlier.
“I want it all. Make me howl puppy.”
But otherwise it all sounded fine. Nothing unbelievable but just...
Tony watched as Steve nodded his head slowly and faced the group again. From this angle Tony could admire the prominence of his jaw, and the little quirk he did with his lips before he smiled. While he projected an air of control, Tony couldn’t help but feel Steve was a genuinely content person. Those golden eyes were always happy and every so often, grew brighter at the things Steve perceived to be good.
Steve had once said Tony Stark was too difficult to approach. Once, back when he’d been Ironman and no one had known who he was, Steve had mentioned it to Ironman in passing.
“Just get in Stark.”
“There.” Steve said quietly, pulling back and smiling softly in front of him. “That’s much better. Suits you.”
Steve was stood in his full combat gear in the middle of the huge empty room. The inside of the warehouse was mostly empty, and Tony saw how the SWAT team working with Steve was mostly just inspecting the corners. Steve seemed to be fiddling with something in his hands.
“O-of course! Take as long as you need commander!” The psychologist exclaimed and quickly pulled the other doctor out.
Sometimes he hated being right. Steve should’ve listened. He should’ve gone with them.
“That’s a memory.” Steve says quietly, keeping still as Reed walks up to it. “Nothing more.”
Steve thinks it’s better now. Perhaps he can finally move on.
“I remember.” Steve said loudly, focusing solely on Tony’s blank stare. On the dulled eyes that were far too empty. “I remember everything. Every word you said while you were trapped. And I’m not leaving you.”
There were so many agents wandering through the halls. He dodged passed all of them, not bothering to apologise as he bumped them since they had all been making faces at him anyway. But just when he was a few feet away from the lifts, he bumped into someone,
"So should you. If I hadn't stopped you."
Suddenly Tony’s mouth went completely dry. Would they really do this in front of the team?
He’d never felt like this before. He felt strong.
Because it’s the truth. It’s perhaps the one truth he really knows. He’s loved Steve right from the start. He’s always loved being a part of Steve’s life-
No. Unlikely. Zeke didn’t talk about him with respect. Whoever this man was, Zeke despised him. Maybe a creature who had an excellent sense of smell?
Gabe and Dugan began to comment on the quality of french wine in general so Tony decided to shift over and sit next to Sharon. She seemed a little...distant.
“Boring. Long. Hard to stay focused when I know my omega can’t remember me.” Ty links his fingers and stretches them over his head. “Though I can’t say that’s a bad thing. You and I would be fighting right now otherwise.”
Tony can hear the smile in Steve’s voice and somehow he just knows that deep down, Steve is not going anywhere. That Steve has always been there, even if he can’t remember.
With shaky hands, he pulled out the frame from under the bed and stared at the broken picture frame in his hands. Under the fractured glass was the picture of him and Steve and the others, but it looked as though someone had taken it and smashed it against the ground.
“I wouldn’t dream of it.” Tony fired back, and silently followed the fuming agent through the rest of the labs.
Steve scoffs and snatches the plans for the Dyson sphere. Reed tries to speak up but Strange stops him as always.
With a sigh, Fury pushed the glass into Tony’s hand and gestured for him to drink. For a second, Tony was reminded of Pierce, only...
, let alone drop his walls like that, and look about as stressed as the next president.
“It’s something I gave you before your first heat with me. Back when I was courting you.” Rogers says and walks forward and reaches out to take it from Tony’s hands.
“You look better.” The man repeated, sounding closer than before. “But once more, my sweetheart.”
That had been such a nice thing to hear.
Steve could hear his sigh through the armor speakers and wondered if the longing he’d heard was just in his head.
“I’m fine.”
“How what is?” He murmured tiredly, feeling his energy evaporate as he let Steve pull him into a tight hug. The huge arms held him tightly.
Once the cars pulled up, the team disembarked and went up to the communal floor. All six of them marching to war or maybe that was just how Tony felt. The tension was palpable but there was also excitement.
“I-“ His mind was a mess. Where was all of this coming from? All because of their disagreement at the table, they’d suddenly gotten to this?
“Do it.”
“Stark, you seriously wanna leave this up to the commander? You let him get shot at once before, you’re really gonna do it again?”
“Then what did you want, Steve? For me to find out on my own? For me to one day walk in and see you playing best pals with my parents murderer after some criminal with a vendetta told me!? Was that your plan? Were you
"Ironman?"
Startled, Steve jerked his head back and looked past Tony to see the podium. It was speech time.
“Get your filthy hands off me you mutt!” He yelled and head-butted the man’s chest, hard. A grunt escaped and thankfully, he let Tony go with stagger. Quickly, Tony spin around and dropped to his feet, crouching down with his fangs out.
“Yes." Steve shook his head and looked away. “Because giving money you were born with is trying. I don’t buy that.”
It made sense. That would explain why they had all been so careful with him. Maria had even stopped him from going on missions as Director a few times, now that he thought about it.
"Are you alright?" Steve asked quietly, turning around to check him carefully.
Well he’d been good so far. No one had approached him or even noticed him. He’d been careful, sticking only to the shadows, and when a poor unfortunate human had aimlessly wandered into his small lair, he’d snuck forward and struck quickly, swift as a viper dealing a deadly blow. He had this vampire thing down to a tee.
"Yes." Tony breathes back and slowly, he shifts close enough for Steve to pull him by his waist and hold him close. He pulls the covers up and then it's just the two of them.
The man grunted and snapped at him, pushing forward against his hands. Unnerved, Tony changed his tact a little and let a hand slip into the blond hair gently. A strange but wonderful idea came to his mind. He’d already been caught so he might as well enjoy himself. It wasn’t everyday he met a man like this.
His bonding. He was going to be given to Whitney
“Rogers asked me to bring you. He asked me to put your name down. And I warned him that you and politicians aren’t best friends but he insisted.”
“I don’t want to humiliate myself in front of all of you here. This is embarrassing enough.” Tony grumbled and hated how everyone’s faces fell at the words. Steve however just shook his head stepped closer to him.
“Wonderful. Captain America thinks he can protect me. Well, that worked out great for you didn’t it?” Tony mocked. “It’s not like you actually care about my feelings, or-“
It was just a feeling Steve got. It was almost like Iron man had to leave every time Tony Stark came through the door. Steve had barely seen them together and he could only imagine what kind of boss he’d be to keep someone as brave and incredible as Iron man away. He probably had the biggest ego.
“But your company is going to go.” Steve pointed out, aiming right for the best place to hit. “You need to keep it afloat. I’ve thought of that.”
Steve turned to him and let out a deep sigh. Then he didn’t waste a second and came close enough, Tony was sure Steve could feel his temperature from here.
Stealing his nerves, he took a deep breath and watched as realization dawned in Tony’s eyes before he even spoke.
Steve tipped his chin up and hummed a little. He was still smiling, the bastard.
"I'm so lucky to have you Tony. I can't tell you how much I've wanted you here, by my side."
“Captain. I didn’t think there was anything left to talk about.” And there it is again. The speakers mask Tony’s voice well but Steve thinks he can hear something more.
A slow smile started to spread on Steve’s lips which stopped him in his tracks. Tony watched as it grew and grew into a full out grin until he looked like a cat that had gotten the cream and Tony was left gaping at his expression. Steve had never smiled at him like that.
The guard also glanced at Tony but instead of saying anything, he simply wrinkled his nose and turned around. Tony frowned but didn’t say a word, silently wondering what the guy's problem was.
“Cap? Do you copy?”
Tony felt his lips curve up at their mention. “Are the team here?”
“I smell of mutt. You’re making me stink.” Tony growled and thankfully his mate piped down.
“He’s just so gorgeous isn’t he? I think you’ll fine he’s a perfectly good soldier. Been so well behaved.” The Beyonder smiled, and Steve had never wanted to smack the suspenders off him more.
He should’ve just shown Ty the messages. It wasn’t like he had anything to hide.
Zeke eyed him but kept quiet for a moment. Then;
“So...what you’re saying is-“
“Steve?”
Tony couldn’t believe his ears! Was it true? Would he get more time outside!?
It was...
. It hurt to sit there and look Steve in the eye and be reminded of what he’d never have.
“That’s not it.” Tony didn’t want to admit it had felt like that. But Steve hadn’t been in charge of Ben or any of the others.
“Anyway, I wanted to mention, Zeke’s friend will be here soon. So enjoy your excursions while they last. Things will be back to normal before you know it.”
Tony smiled, feeling equally pleased. “Sure Cap. No problem.”
“Yes.” Tony spun the ball in his hands.
“Tony?” He tried, even though his voice shook and his heart raced. Tears welled in his eyes. There was no response.
The day just got better. After their meal, Steve took him down to see the team. After a few bear hugs and some terse apologies from Thor, he sat down to watch the team train and was surprised to find himself agreeing when they asked him to join him when he felt better. Carol was the most relieved when he said yes.
“You’re right. Maybe that’s what people see.”
Several police cars were parked on the streets, the area rapidly being taped off with yellow hazard tape. In the center of the danger zone were several ghouls individually trapped in webbing and screeching as a dozen or so police officers told them they had the right to remain silent. A small crowd of humans, demons and mummies were starting to gather, several holding cameras and taking pictures of the scene. Interesting was an understatement.
Ben, who was sat with Sam and the other blond in the middle, spotted him, but instead of saying anything, just turned to his friends and rolled his eyes. He didn’t turn back after that.
“Yes.” Tony sighed, looking down at the ball in his hand. He could crush it if he wanted to. He was strong enough to now.
Tony doesn’t say anything else.
Shooting once last glare at Tony, she pushed past Zeke, slamming the door shut behind her. Finally it was just him and Zeke, alone in this dungeon of a room.
Ty, who’s watching them closely, growls and pushes Steve away. Steve’s eyes blaze but then they harden and turn sharp as flint.
Steve thinks, watching Tony’s eyelids flutter.
“Yeah. All’s good.” Tony mumbled, ducking his head in his hands to hide his shame. How could he daydream about Steve when the man was stood in front of him? He was just...
Had there been a return address?
"How do you expect me to feel, Steve? Ironman can't even handle a couple of Shield agents. What would everyone think?"
“He’s okay. Or he will be.” Steve sighed and felt his shoulders fall. Something in him felt broken. Like someone had shattered a glass and had picked up the pieces. The sharp jagged edges were gone, but the glass was still broken.
It was odd. But not bad.
There was no one around. For once, he'd gotten lucky.
“Ah, it’s fine I guess. Could use less...”
“Yes my lord.”
But that was it. That would be the only thing. Not even seeing Steve made him feel good anymore.
He knows he’s being cruel. He knows it’s selfish. But a part of him, a desperate part wants answers. Why did Tony hide the incursions from him? Why did Tony think he was so dispensable, so unnecessary, that he just cast him away like used trash?  Why didn’t he tell him-
Tony pictures all the moments he thought of them. Of how sure he was that they had moved on.
“T-Tony...i’s okay...” Steve whispered and Tony felt more of Steve’s weight all of a sudden. “It’ll...be okay...”
“I-I’m n-not...” Tony blinked again. A third time. Fourth. “I don’t h-have a mate.”
“And things have been going so well.” Ty adds with a hint of sharpness. “After all, it’s brilliant news! Tony’s pregnant-“
True to his word, Tyler had discussed the possibility of sharing assignments with Ben. Ben had answered by storming over to his lab space and demanding Tony fix the many mistakes he’d clearly made on the blueprints. It took Tony half a minute to realize the blueprints had been tampered with. So that was that and he was back to square one.
“Good.” Steve nodded and turned to Tony once more. “So that’s it then.”
“But not better.”
“Mr. Stark, can you hear us?”
Tony stared at him with wide eyes. His eyes seemed to be glued onto Steve’s hands which were clutching at his calves.
And now Steve was visibly upset.
Silently he kept going, dragging his tired feet and aching limbs towards the neon light. There was no noise but the faint rustle of trees on either side of him and the gentle patter of rain. He was completely soaked from head to toe in just his jeans and T-shirt.
“And you’re not...surprised?”
He’s preparing. Bucky was the first step. Now he needs to deal with assets and that leads him to his properties.
Tony felt his body start to sweat. “Sorry, sorry I was just kidding, I didn’t mean anything by it, I-“
“Captain America. Thank you for your service.” He said and Steve nodded his thanks.
But he had to be sure.
“Whitney. I need to speak with Anthony alone.” Zeke interrupted them both, appearing just before the main hall entrance. His brow was furrowed but he seemed calmer than before.
“-Oh please! Shield didn’t need to get involved. I’ll sort it don’t worry. Just promise me you’ll get the details. I know Peter has some snapshots.”
Steve had gone ballistic and destroyed everyone around them. Then he’d picked him up and carried him to the med team. It had been an eventful fight.
Thank you so much to everyone for your support and patience! I can’t thank you enough for you continued interest in this-it’s been an extremely busy couple of months for me recently with the way COVID has affected us and my work but I am continuing to write when I can! I hope you still enjoy this, even with the break we’ve had! We’re nearly there!
That had been two days ago. Tony hadn’t seen him since but he had already met Natasha, the terrifying arachnid with an assassin complex. And by met, she’d walked into the room one morning and handed him the books Steve had sorted for him, and explained that he was to stay in bed until Steve got back. He wouldn’t be lying if he admitted his fangs expanded every time she walked in.
“Oh, and you also beat me. In case you forgot. But I forgive you.” Tony says, and it almost sounds cheery. They could be talking about the weather for all Tony cares.
“It’s the last resort. It’s not to say-“
That wasn’t so far really. Maybe he could spare a couple of minutes or so?
Steve doesn’t blink. He can’t because Tony’s not responding.
Despite everything, a laugh escaped and Steve smiled down at the omega in his arms.
“Thanks. You look pretty spectacular too.”
“Even better.” Tony said with a smile and felt lighter than he had in months at the prospect of actually doing what he was good at. He was known for this before Ironman and the Avengers. He could help these men and women make a difference. “I’m happy to help. You just put me where you need me.”
He was an idiot. A damn
Things faded after that. Tony fell into darkness.
“I don’t see anyone. That’s just Steve.”
“I mean Ironman, just wow. It’s a marvel, really.” Pierce said in awe, shaking his head in disbelief. “You should be real proud of this one. The kid’s got pzazz, I tell ya.”
“Do you?” He replied quietly, knowing that if he said the word, Steve would probably never speak to him again. At least...not in any way as to bring him anywhere as a plus one or take him out and buy him clothes and compliment him-
"Well I can't. I don't even have my armor."
A loud screech of metal filled his ears like nails on a chalkboard. He mistimed a step and nearly tripped over the bent traffic light.
grimaced after. And Maria clearly noticed because she seemed to look genuinely thrown.
Tony wonders briefly, massaging the bridge of his nose gently.
He loved every moment of it. They spent the night exploring each other. And after Steve groaned and sank his teeth into Tony’s soft neck, they moaned together through their final climax and drifted into sleep, Steve curled around Tony from behind, his huge knot hot and heavy in Tony’s body, and Tony’s neck throbbing deliciously.
“No.”
There’s something cold there. Something lost. Reed looks at him like he’s staring at a corpse of a man he once knew. He looks at Steve like it haunts him. Strange looks the same.
This was just one more. And really, he could behave. He wouldn’t ask too much from Steve, just a drive-in burger and that would be all. He didn’t want to upset the soldier by seeming obnoxious.
“Stay calm Cap. We’re coming.”
” Rogers downright shouts, his voice climbing higher. His eyebrows are higher than a kite and his blue eyes are huge and wide and his mouth is half open and-
“What’s the thing I’m most proud of?”
Tyler laughed at that and shook his head lightly, casting a glance at the busy lab.
Suddenly he had a distinct feeling of déjà vu. He’d been here before, standing before the doors like a man about to meet his fate. Only he didn’t believe in fate and Steve had probably had something to do with him feeling so uncertain. In his memories, had he hesitated that much to speak to Steve?
“Look, don’t take this the wrong way. I just wanted to see what you’d do.” Tony shrugged, and picked up the armor pieces swiftly, nearly cutting himself on one of the edges. All the while, Steve stared at him.
Steve stands up and plants his hands on his desk. His jaw clenches and his muscles grow taught.
"You're good at this." Tony pointed out, minutes later, when he realised Steve wasn't letting him go. They'd reached a comfortable pace, with their feet moving in perfect harmony.
“I said, ‘
Steve’s eyes glistened but he didn’t say a word, instead clenching his jaw and swallowing. It was then that Tony realized-
Steve’s words sank into him and took hold like a warm blanket. He thought he could feel Steve’s pulse racing through his body but that was crazy. Steve wasn’t worried about him. They were well passed that.
Then he paused and the smile vanished off his face. Concerned, Tony reached up and tentatively grabbed the hand still on his shoulder. Steve’s fingers latched onto his tightly and didn’t let go.
He reached the next alley within minutes. And luckily there was no one there yet. He had time to settle in the shadows.
“Yeah okay. Just checking you’re awake.” He looks around the room and hums. Then his eyes settle on the shield on Roger’s back.
“No.” Grant said quickly, shaking his head and feeling his vision swim a little. A jolt of fear raced through him at the thought of someone taking them away from him. “They
He shuts his eyes and lets his head rest against the stone wall.
Tucking under the covers, Tony decided to ask Fury in the morning. This wasn’t a problem. He’d be fine.
“Sorry pal. Should’ve done it sooner, I know.” Steve said as he flexed his wrist and stepped back. “Hope that clears things up.”
“Steve. What brings you here?” She says quietly, looking over at him with folded arms. Her lips are curved in a smile but there’s no joy on her face. She looks like she’s committed a crime and Steve desperately wants to assure her.
“Tony.” Steve said quietly, staring at him with eyes that trapped him where he sat. Steve was somehow in front of him now and had slowly gotten to his knees in front of Tony.
Turned out he was right even if he couldn’t see it. “Sir, I didn’t-“
“No sir.”
“Nothing. I-have you seen Tony?” He asks desperately and sees the realization dawn in her eyes.
And Tony would never know. He’d never experience that. It wasn’t for people like him.
“Worried?
Slipping a hand under Tony’s chin, he guided Tony’s head upwards to expose his throat. Holding the position, he angled the injector at the base of his carotid and prayed.
Steve moaned and continued to go further, enveloping Tony like he was a gift. The thought made blood rush to his ears and through the stars in his eyes, he saw Steve looking up at him, watching his every reaction, like Tony was all that mattered.
“The Captain has a soulmark. It appeared after he woke up from the ice.”
Ty hasn’t changed.
“Wait. Tony listen.” Steve blocked his hand before he could open it, and suddenly Tony was staring up at Steve from his place by the door.
At that, Strange does turn and look at him with empty eyes. “He blew up an entire planet, Captain Rogers. When none of us could.”
“Ste-eve? Can you...alpha?” Tony whispered and turned his head in Steve’s direction. His fingers twitched but he could barely move.
“It wasn’t worth it!” Steve shouted over him, feeling his throat start to close because he needed Tony to hear this and he couldn’t let himself believe Tony wasn’t gonna come back to him. “You gave me a home. But when you were gone, it was like I had lost it again. I was back in the ice. Losing you...”
His hand wrapped around Zeke’s neck swiftly and suddenly he had Zeke scrambling on the ground, hands shoving against Tony’s desperately. Tony knelt above him and looked down at him coldly.
He was well and truly
He’s told he barely says much. It’s not really something he remembers too clearly. He knows his throat feels sore and his head pounds and his heart breaks. It’s similar to what he’s told.
“I remember giving this to you.” Steve continued, looking as if the weight of the world had fallen off his shoulders. It was a startling realisation to see how relieved Steve was now.
And Tony knew better than to think Steve would welcome his questions. He still remembered their discussion on the Helicarrier. With or without the sceptre, Steve's opinion of him was still true. Tony didn't want to admit that he couldn't correct him, even if he sometimes wished that-
The knocking gets louder. Turns to rapid banging. It almost grates on Tony’s nerves but he’s buzzing with too much nervous energy to show it.
“You have a good build. Strong but not large. Slim. Good for hiding in the shadows. Exactly the kind you’d find in those areas.”
“Bloodlust? No way, father wouldn’t do that-“
His face was dead serious as he did but his fingers were warm and familiar. Steve sometimes did that after they'd fought for the remote back at the mansion, or they'd succeeded in a mission and he'd fallen next to Steve, leaning his head on Steve's shoulder. Steve would always reach out for his hair.
It wasn’t that Tony was ashamed per say
“Why did you save me Tony? You haven’t reported me so why?”
Both Ty and Rogers insist on taking him back to the tower. The doctor says he just needs to recover and that he has a mild concussion but that’s it. So naturally they all wonder if he just needs time and then he’ll be fine.
“Reed.” Strange stops him, stepping in front of him with a hand out.
The arms around him tighten. He can feel Roger’s chest rumbling as he growls.
Steve blinked at him and gave him an odd look. Tony could see the cogs turning before Steve made a decision.
Tony thought he was already familiar with the Helicarrier layout, but it turned out he had a huge amount to learn if this was going to be his new home away from home. He hadn’t even realised there were living areas.
Tony was unconscious and Steve figured that was from pulling Tony out of the Beyonder’s control so quickly, his body couldn’t cope with the stress. But then again...
His body ached though. Blisters covered every part of his feet until they were almost numb.
“I said relax.” The words were the same but Tony got the impression it wasn’t directed at him. More to someone behind him. The tailor?
“When we’re home Tony.”
Sometime between him organizing his things and sending a couple of messages to Pepper and Rhodey, the quarters had grown darker and quieter. The light outside was fading into a darker pink and a burning crimson and somehow the dim echo of footsteps had faded into the simple thrum of the Helicarrier engines. He was alone and there was probably no one out there.
“Oh my god.” Tony breathed, staring at the ceiling in awe. He thought he heard the doctor sigh in relief.
“Oh, hey there.” Steve cooes softly and kneels down beside his belly and to Tony’s delight, presses his hands and ear to the baby.
Sucking in a deep breath, Steve straightened his shoulders and looked around.
“I took advantage of you.” He admitted shamefully. “I-“
“We don’t expect any. Yet.” Tony glanced at the agents around him before lowering his voice. “Those robots...you’re sure you know what you’re doing?”
Tony didn’t though. He swallowed and latched onto the chain like a lifeline. Rhodey and everyone else who cared about him would tell him to wait and not give this over yet. He had to look out for himself, that’s what they always told him.
“We’re going out. Beginning search and rescue for distress signal of homing device found on July twenty-third, two thousand and ten. Commencing now.”
“Try it.” Rogers huffs sounding exasperated. “For me. Please?”
Steve sees him pause on something though. He follows his gaze and frowns.
Carefully, he sidestepped the hanging limbs of the sleeping agents and did his best not to make a noise as he opened the door. Once he was through, he closed it with a soft click and let out a deep breath.
“S-sir; there’s no charge.”
Sometimes he catches glimpses of blond behind him in the distance but he’s certain he’s imagining it. Steve came and went and it’s up to him now to finish the job.
Steve nodded. “Yes. And it’s been this way for a month.”
Tony figured he liked this kid. Peter was a really friendly neighborhood spider and Tony liked that he seemed so open and honest. A complete contrast from Norman and Whitney, plus Peter had save his life.
-tsum.
Maybe too strong. At least Steve had thought so.
But these ones were slightly bulkier. And weren’t in pieces.
“What’s happened to you all?” Steve whispers, watching the man come apart. “You don’t even sound human anymore.”
“Oh great.” Tony laughed humourlessly and sank back down in his seat. “That really helps.”
“Mr. Stark. What brings you here?” She asked in a sickly sweet tone, and looked at him like he was a specimen under the microscope. Her sharp gaze and pouting lips seemed predatory and he had to suppress the shiver that ran down his spine. Still, he didn’t let that stop him.
A part of him is starting to wonder.
Steve’s fists clench. “And you won’t even think about speaking to any of them alone.”
But he did understand enough. He knew what he wanted and what Tony wanted too.
Someone to be wary of.
He looked old but sturdy and Tony was sure he would've been freakishly strong in his prime. And of course, Tony knew how the history went for the Howling Commandos. How they’d all done their part and eventually laid Captain America to rest. It must’ve been a shock seeing Steve come back but something about the thought of them reuniting made Tony feel warm.
Steve stayed still as he watched him drink. Then something clicked and an idea started to form in his mind.
More than anything, he just felt this growing feeling of…not isolation but…
“Is that it?” Steve said quietly, eyeing the small bottle of liquid in the case. It wasn’t an ordinary case he was staring at. It was a vibranium alloy casing with adamantium locks. And inside was one of the world’s most deadliest virus’ known to man.
Steve freezes. He turns slowly on his feet and stops.
“Are you alright, sir?” Steve asked quietly and turned to him, only to open his mouth and stare at Tony in horror. His whole body froze when he scanned Tony up and down.
“I can’t leave this alone, you know that.”
"What? You never seen an ex-billionaire before?"
. He was someone who brought hope and joy to people’s lives.
“Yeah.” He croaked, scrubbing at both of his eyes and Tony wondered if his heart could break any more. “I’ve always cared about you. That hasn’t changed.”
Hours later, he was in a hospital room on the Helicarrier, waiting for Steve to wake up. His lead medic had quickly found him as soon as he (and the rest of the team) had reached the Helicarrier. They’d run more checks on him under Fury’s orders and had found him to be more stable than before. Apparently that had been enough for them to leave him alone with Steve in the Medbay.
“What? What did you find?” Steve insisted, sounding borderline manic and Tony found himself watching him through thin slits.
“It was-ah, it was nothing. I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.” Steve explained, shifting on his feet but with an intensity Tony remembered only once. With that poor tailor.
“We are.” Steve said bleakly, looking for all the world like a man who’d lost everything. “I’m so sorry.”
Surprisingly, Tony let out a little laugh at that. It sounded a touch hysterical but still-he
Steve scoffed and rolled his eyes. “Yeah. Of course you’d say that. Glad to see you’re feeling more like yourself.” Then he let his arms fall and reached over to take Tony’s wrist.
But this bike ride was extremely shocking. Steve had never, not once since his return from the ice, taken someone with him. People had allegedly tried to request a glimpse of it at least but had been left in the dust often enough.
Steve blinked a couple of times but didn’t stop smiling at him. Then he spoke.
He begun his rounds, waiting patiently in the corners of his dingy alleys. Today he began with a young woman with dark brown hair and eyes that shined blue in the false light. While her back was turned and her phone was out, he pounced on her and locked her hands in front, digging his fangs into her neck quickly.
“Hey, watch it!”
“Sounds like that this group my boss was talking about. They were in the papers.”
He’s almost reluctant to let it go. Other than the clothes on his back and the empty bottle he’s been dragging around since the yesterday, he’s got nothing, not even a quarter to his name.
“I’m so-“
No one says anything for a moment. Not one word passes anyone’s lips.
“You have a therapist too?” Steve asked gently and to Tony’s surprise he didn’t comment on the PTSD.  Small wonders he guessed.
“But can we go now?” Edmund insisted and Tony scoffed, receiving daggers from Edmund and his little group. Tony didn’t care, he just smirked and gave them a little wave.
Shocked and surprisingly relieved, Tony sat down quickly beside Sam and tried not to feel too disappointed by how much Trish and Ben glared at the poor girl as a result.
“Don’t you dare do this to me Steve. Don’t you dare.” Tony swore and had to bite his lip hard under the helmet to stave off the tears in his eyes. The thought of anything happening to Steve, and especially now when they’d uncovered so much-
“Oh Cap, stop ogling him. Leave him with us now, I promise I won’t scare him.”
Steve seemed to pause and Tony mentally pat himself on the back for ending the pointless discussion. Then-
His neck thrummed happily, sharp little pulses that made his head swim with happiness every time he took a breath.
“You used to like red. But then-“ Rogers sighs and looks away. “You said you preferred blue after your first heat with me. You said it made you feel safe.”
Steve took seconds to reach and wrap his arms around Tony and hold him against his torso, once again massaging Tony’s nape. Tony gasped and shuddered but leaned his forehead against Steve’s navel, choking and sobbing weakly.
“Stark, are you alright?” Fury said behind him and Tony felt the hands on his arms tighten a fraction.
Slowly Tony pulled his hand away from his mouth. Then he bit his lip and stepped closer to the bed. For Steve, the distance between them felt like being light years away. They were out of sync and yet so close.
“Vampires need blood to survive, you know that. Doesn’t matter which kind I think as long as it’s fresh and the more we get, the stronger we become. You’ve seen my jumps.” Tony waited for him to nod before continuing.
His body feels weak and tired. Like he’s been through hours of exercise and not had the chance to rinse off the aches and pains. His nose is bunged up and he almost feels like he’s fighting off the beginnings of a cold. He feels his body shudder and then he coughs and feels his head spin a little.
“Steve, I don’t have a soul mark. I don’t know what else to tell you.”
She cut herself off and looked away guiltily. Tony didn't mind though, it wasn't her fault and she wasn't wrong.
Tony thought bleakly, waiting for the lift to let him escape. Maybe one day they’d all look back at this and smile.
Steve roared at him and pounced on the bed, not even giving him a chance to finish. He tackled Tony into the pillows, pressing his lips all over Tony’s cheeks and neck, sucking small marks into his soft skin. After that, he snarled and covered Tony’s body completely, pinning him to the bed until he was all Tony could feel.
“Sir, you also have a message from a private contact.”
Tony tries to pull away then so that he can get to his bottle. His ticket to freedom, an escape from this Hell. He's Icarus flying towards the sun, so close he can taste it.
"Tony-"
Steve hadn’t known. No one had.
Steve chose their location (unknowingly of course) and the elevator started up again. The space between them as they stood beside each other seemed endless.
“Right.” Steve swallowed. “Do you remember what else I said?”
“Steve...” Tony said quietly, feeling something ease a little when Steve looked at him sleepily. “Are you...”
So, after he had been turned and inducted into the family, Tony had made sure to keep his head down and focus only on pleasing Ezekiel. Climbing his way to the top, he was now considered one of Ezekiel’s favorite pets. As high a position as he could hope for in his life.
It was for the best.
“Yeah?”
As requested, the door slid open behind him and Maria and her team went. Tony felt his palms start to sweat as the door slid shut again.
He thinks the voices are real.
“Sleep. We’ll talk about this when we get home. I promise. And I mean we'll talk about us too. I think there's a lot we need to say. ”
“That must be it. You are so clever aren’t you? I should reward you.”
Tony’s in awe. Did Steve know? Did Steve know he could do that? How did he know?
Steve blew out a breath and nodded, not turning his head to meet Tony’s eye but still choosing to reply. “Yes. How was it?”
Tony would dream about their lips meeting. Steve’s bright blue eyes growing wide with delight before slipping closed as their lips touched. Steve would wrap him in his arms and pull him close, and they would share a moment just for themselves before the world stole them again. But they’d always have it there, waiting in their minds and hearts.
“I know.” Tony says quietly. “I just don’t get why Steve cares so much. Ty, I get, I mean he was obsessed with me until the issue with my heat back in MIT when he...”
“Oh come on Ty! Just tell him what you told me! We all know what you’re thinking, don’t we?” Whitney cooed and joined him in looking Tony up and down.
Tony waited for a reply but didn’t get one. Steve kept his head bowed on the bed and didn’t move. So Tony nodded quickly and stormed out of the room. He thought he heard sniffs from the front door but he didn’t slow down.
Tony blinks and lies his head back on the pillow, staring at the ceiling like it held all the answers. “That’s crazy. I joined the boy-band after all.”
All joking was gone. Steve had to say it. It was now or never.
“Captain?” Curiosity peaking, Tony tilted his head and set the shoes aside. “What Captain?”
For a moment, fear races through Tony’s body and he stiffens. Does Steve hate omegas? Does he look down upon them? Is he disappointed that his son is not-
“Actually-” Tony looks down and sighs. “I still don’t remember anything.”
Once, he'd imagined a sparring session would end up with him pinned under Steve. And Steve would hold him and maybe tease him and Tony would hold onto that image like a lifeline.
“Blue.” Rogers retorts and puffs his chest up and Tony can’t help but feel bad.
“Who sent those papers?” Steve asked quietly.
The typing pauses. Tony’s smile dims.
“Who’re they? A new faction?” Tony asked before he could stop himself. Thankfully Zeke took him seriously for once, too distracted by the ancient table.
“Confirmed.” They both said in sync and Steve nodded.
Grant paused and squinted, brushing his long brown hair out of his eyes. The ship was red and getting slightly bigger as it came closer at a rapid speed-
“Sorry, I shouldn't-“
“Say that again when you’ve proved it to me. Now when can I get out?”
A while later, as Tony was making his way to the punishment room, he caught a glimpse of the twins lurking in the corridor. He thought he saw the same resignation in their eyes as he probably had in his own. That was why he'd fed them after all.
“It’s not your fault-“
No way. There was no way. Not in a million years, he was being stupid-
“Hello to you too.” Tony grunted, wiping his hand against his mouth quickly. The taste of iron still lingered.
For instance, him and his mother had counted twenty three marks on his body that day. But by the time he’d turned eight, he was down to fifteen.
“Oh, right.” Steve frowned and shook his head a little before stepping in. For some reason Tony decided not to get out. Maybe he was morbidly curious or maybe he was just lonely. Who knew but he didn’t feel inclined to leave.
Anger burned through him. Shame flooded through him. A chill ran down his spine.
“Oh no-“ Steve groaned and Tony laughed mercilessly. “Who told you? Must’ve been Peter.”
“Why the Captain’s news of course!” Thor beamed but frowned a little when he pulled back and saw Tony’s expression. “You don’t know?”
“This is most joyous!”
The baby has parts of him, he can tell. It's in the brown of his tiny curls, and gentle curve of his nose. But the alpha-the
“I’ll be back.” Steve says as he turns to leave and despite Ty’s protests, Tony can’t help but watch Steve go.
The car pulled up outside the White House and Tony wasn’t lying when he said it felt strange being the plus one to an event. Because he was Steve’s addition, he didn’t know the details of the evening and solely relied on Steve knowing where they were meant to go. Obviously Steve was very organised but still. This whole thing felt...strange.
“Not now Josh. Tony, I swear to god-“
“Like I said Cap, give him a chance.” Iron man said, completely oblivious to the giddy whirl of thoughts in Steve’s mind. “Maybe you both might get on.”
“Yes sir.”
Roger's eyes soften and his scent grows calm and peaceful.
“What’s...what’s all this?” He mumbled, looking at Steve through tired eyes.
“Boy? What’s going on there?”
It felt like a vow. Like Steve was committing to him in a different way. Like they had accepted their past and their feelings and were embracing that. Like they were finally being honest with each other. Like for once they were truly on the same page.
“...What’s this about?”
“Please, allow us to mourn our friend. It is hard enough as it is.”
When he found it, he opened his eyes and bared his teeth, feeling his vision sharpen.
“Look, I get it, you don’t like me. But I really do need to sleep, I didn’t even get-“
in Tony’s eyes. He was afraid. He was terrified. Even now, standing in front of him the way he was, clearly the stronger of the two, Tony was still not moving. Because he was
“You know, I’m feeling a little dizzy. Maybe I need some blood.” Tony mumbled, just loud enough for Steve to hear. The effect was instant and Steve crowded into his space.
“A demon and a vampire? Interesting mix.”
“Isn’t that on a full moon though?” Tony swept his free hand in the air. “And I don’t see a full moon.”
The agents continued to eye him carefully, giving him weird looks.
“It’s the training floor. Sometimes I come up if I can’t sleep.” Steve eyed him with a tired look. “But you already know that.”
Stunned Tony stared into Steve’s golden eyes. Then he squinted. They were dancing in the light, like the warm embers of a campfire.
“Why’d you do it?” Tony blurted, snapping his eyes open to glare harshly at Steve through bloodshot eyes. His chest was killing him but he wasn’t letting this go.
Nodding his thanks, Tony went back to his screen and looked through the analysis carefully. He scanned each paragraph of the document and tried to work out what it was they’d missed.
“Sir, where are you going?” Andrew asked when he started to walk towards the door.
No sooner than he said the words did the doors to his lab slide open. And in walked Thor.
“Sharon-“
“GET OUT!” Steve screamed and Tony had never seen a fully grown man scramble so quickly in his life. The door swung shut behind him, granting them silence again.
The way Carol says it, makes him stop. And suddenly the ice is glaring.
Whitney’s hand took one of his wrists. The one that was still a little sore from the day before.
Steve is too anxious. He can’t even stop to enjoy it for ten minutes because his mind is all over the place.
“You mean-“
“If this is about Stark, then the answer is simple.” Steve doesn’t break eye contact. “Anyone can be replaced. Anyone.”
“I was just trying to help. Ugh, what the hell was that?” The same khaki-wearing blond wheezed, rubbing at his chest gently. After a moment, he sucked in a breath and stood straight, searching Tony with those golden eyes of his.
this before.
Finally they reached a slightly roomier space by the small wooden bar on the far side of the room. The shelves were stacked with vintage brands, and a regular cycle of people were coming to get their fix for the night. It was ideal since it was tucked away, but of course, alcohol was the politician’s muse.
They lay together in silence for a while, staring at the plain ceiling as they sifted through their thoughts. Frankly Tony was almost convinced that he was hallucinating. This was everything he could’ve ever hoped for.
A smile spread across his lips. This was why he loved Pepper. “How do you figure six months?”
Tony dropped Steve onto the panel and just like before, Steve got to work. This time Tony hovered close and took out the smaller robots from a distance as they tried to get closer. Some of the Shield agents were attacking the wave of robots from behind, which also helped.
Cupping his hand over his neck, he looked around carefully, scanning for a mirror. He spotted the shower, toilet, sink-
He lets go and lets himself calm down.
https://archiveofourown.org/works/27825097/chapters/68122006#workskin
At that Tony scoffed. “Yeah. Because everyone would jump at the chance to help a dying vampire. They’re obviously human lovers.”
“Tony, what-“
“You...was that you...”
Useless.
“I-I guess you were always important. T-to me and the team and...” A sigh escapes his lips but then he pauses. He retracts his left gauntlet and lifts his fingers up to his lips. They feel nasty and almost encrusted, like cold sores all over. And when he pulls his fingers away, they tremble and carry a dark maroon liquid.
Ty looks gobsmacked.
A glance of his watch told him what he needed. He used his other hand to hold Tony’s hair.
Giving up, he sighed and looked up to see none other than Carol. It shouldn't have surprised him but still, he was mildly stunned to see her.
“So just to be clear, you have no main artillery? It’s all down?”
He doesn’t think it’ll end well. It’s not what he deserves.
“I’m pr-pregnant. W-what if I screw it up? Wh-what if I don’t really have an alpha and I’m alone-“
“Was I that bad?” Tony asked, feeling his eyes widen. He’d passed out from all the doctory things and the bullets had been minor bleeds. In the grand scheme of things, they’d had far worse but for Steve to be this upset...
The tension leaves him like a wave. Relief floods his body. “Well I didn’t exactly know. And anyway, we have to deal with what we’ve got. So-“ Tony flops onto his bed and winks at Ty. “What stories are you gonna tell me about us?”
Steve’s whole body shook. Slowly he lowered his hand and fixed his deadly gaze on Tony.
"I have feelings for you too. I just never really pictured you feeling the same."
There’s a brief silence where Steve just stares at him. Tony wonders what he’s said wrong.
Dugan, for his part, didn’t seem to let his age slow him down. He leaned forward and rested his chin on one hand, inspecting Tony carefully. Behind him, Gabe did the same.
"Oh." Tony breathes and feels awash with sadness. He's not there yet. This isn't real.
“He’s right though.” Steve said quietly and finally Tony mustered up the courage to look straight at him.
“Oh jeez, sorry I can move if that-“
Time stopped. Silence suffocated the room. Steve said nothing and Tony wondered if he’d made the biggest mistake he could’ve. A shambolic way to end their time together.
Tony watches in growing horror as Steve claps a hand to his mouth and starts to sob. Tears begin to build up in his eyes and it tears at Tony’s very soul that Steve looks so broken. He looks like he’s been torn apart and Tony knows it’s his fault.
. Tony, never.” Rogers instantly says and looks close to tears too. “I never hated you. Not even at the start. God-"
“Those designs you kept bringing. It’s your work. Anyone who’s seen you work can tell.” Steve was smiling as he said it. “Good job Shellhead.”
“I’m not. But things change. We’ve changed. Have you checked for marks since we first met?”
Hardly seems fair, Tony nearly argues but decides its not worth it. He’s heard of people getting killed on the streets and New York isn’t always the best place, no matter how much he used to take pride in it.
“-and it reminded me of you.”
"There! But be careful, there's robots-"
"Don't underestimate the power of a good boot." Steve murmured softly, and shifted slowly so that he was lower down Tony's body. "There's plenty they can do."
“Yeah. I needed one after Afghanistan. Rhodey’s idea.” He admitted quietly and risked a weary glance in Steve’s direction, waiting for the inevitable onslaught of disbelief and cutting comments about how there were men and women out there who had been through far more than he had. What he saw however, was much more than he’d hoped for.
He looked dead.
"Come with me." He said and suddenly Tony felt himself being taken back to the commander's quarters. But instead of going to the office, they took a left turn and suddenly-
, were blood-shot with tears and fatigue. His soft lips were turned down in sorrow, and his cheeks were still glinting from the fallen tears. It was beyond this face that a hero lay, that this man hid himself, his
“Hmm not sure.” Steve replied nonchalantly and turned away, facing the street again.
“Captain Rogers has sent several messages today. I believe he has a request sir.”
Tony felt his ears roaring in time with his neck. Something was horribly wrong and he had no idea what!
“What did he say to you?”
And just like that Ty is gone. Steve drops him and he dashes out of the room like a man on fire. It’s almost hilarious.
Once Carol and Thor had investigated enough, Carol made a suggestion.
“You didn’t see yourself Tony.” She said in a low tone. “When Steve died, you were leading Shield but it was like you were completely on your own. I’ve already told you, you nearly-“
“Careful Cap.” He smiled grimly. “You might make me think you care.”
“Come in on Monday. You’ll find out.”
Or maybe he’d just known it from the start. The realization at dinner had only really confirmed that.
Once the door clicked, he turned and frowned. “Do you have them?”
He’d never pictured Steve to be cruel.
The doctor looked up and gave Steve a warning.
“I’m so lucky to have you Tony. I can’t believe you gave me this.” Steve sniffs and leans over to press a kiss on Tony’s forehead gently. “I can’t even begin to thank you.”
He was fine. Everything would be okay.
”Stark.” Steve glared at him and spoke with a tone that gave no alternative. “You have no choice. It was part of the agreement.”
Finally the door opened two minutes later and Steve sat down opposite Tony, looking red-faced and a little unsettled.
“Don’t. Don’t look at me like that.”
Once Tony sat down in the plush interior, Steve closed the door gently behind him and began to walk round. But Steve didn’t sit down instantly; instead he started to talk to someone just outside the limo.
“No.” Steve agreed with a tired smile. “It’s not. I hate not being near you.”
Ever so carefully, Tony places the baby in Steve’s arms, and watches as the alpha brings the baby close. Steve blinks down at the baby and doesn’t seem phased when the baby blinks back.
“It’s been a while hasn’t it? You’re doing well Director, you must be doing something right to be keeping your distance from me.” Pierce said, tipping his glass his way. Fury turned to Pierce, but not before giving Tony a look. It told Tony their conversation wasn’t over, much to his disappointment.
Tentatively he reaches out with a hand, keeping Peter secure in the other. To his delight, Steve shuffles closer and takes it, beaming at him like he's the moon and stars.
Blinking the grit from his tired eyes, he inhales and looks up at the sky. He’s still leaning against the corner-shop and by some miracle the owner hasn’t told him to leave yet. For a brief moment, Tony wonders if he can demand another bottle before moving.
“And the chairs. Why white?” Steve shook his head sadly, squeezing his fingers around the arm and watching the plastic bend under.
"What?" Tony panted, and shifted when Steve pressed his lips to his navel and started to move lower.
Tony startled at the voice behind him. His body juddered and froze, almost sending him off the ledge. He was about to right himself when suddenly a broad arm swooped in and wrapped around his waist quickly, halting his fall completely.
“Oh I loved it. There’s no problem, I’m perfectly fine with that.” Tony snickered, poking a little at the mark again. He was starting to think he was becoming obsessed with it a little.
“What is, Mr. Stark?”
He paused and considered it. It was tempting. But...
When Tony stood and quickly grabbed the ball, he turned and caught Steve giving him a guarded look.
“Can I take your temperature? You look like you’re running a fever.”
“Right.” He said quietly and as soon as Steve started to walk, Tony followed him silently, feeling like the evening had already gone to shit. Well what did it matter?
Tony felt himself frown at the words.
Steve was running out of patience. If it wasn’t for the plan Carol and Sam had discussed with him, he didn’t think he’d be standing here so calmly. That and Natasha’s careful eye watching his back. They all wanted Tony back, but it was so much more personal for the core team. The original team. Tony was theirs and to have a chance at getting him back after losing him to Ultron was just-
For all Steve was super-human, he was still human. The limitations of that had never burned more than now.
He wraps his jacket around his shoulders tighter and folds his arms against his chest, hunching down. He heard someone mention there was meant to be a storm coming with a slight chance of snow.
“We can talk. That’s how you knew.” He said loudly into the coms but really didn’t need to. He could hear his voice clearly.
Tony raked a hand through his hair and finally sighed, flopping onto the thin mattress tiredly. He’d done his job so well. Why’d he have to go and screw it up like that?
Tony shrinks a little under the stare. But still, he can’t help but smile.
So why this letter? And why him?
“Hmm?”
“A few.” Tony agreed, feeling his heart start to speed up.
“Then I’m taking you out. And you’re gonna say yes. Do you understand?”
“I really like you Steve.” Tony said quietly. “I’m sorry I’m not-“
Steve took his hand. Tony squeezed his eyes shut and prayed.
“Sure.” Tony said and suddenly broke into a fit of coughs, having to grab the side of Ben’s desk to stay upright.
His body hasn’t been shaking for a while now and he’s knows it’s a bad sign. His head feels stuffed with cotton and his heart beats slow and weak in his chest. His nose is dripping and his eyes feel sore and like there are bruises under them.
He’d been shot at.
he thought, staring up at the billboard of the puppy in the distance.
, Steve had never sounded like that. He sounded like he was taking aim. Like a soldier about to storm the trenches.
Suddenly it hit Tony. They could have this. He could have Steve like this and if he was lucky, he could keep living like this and be happy.
“Steve-“ Tony breathed softly, watching in awe as big Iron-tsum gently nuzzled the babies. It seemed to be snoozing and surprisingly didn’t seem concerned by the two humans watching it. But maybe that was because it could see Cap-tsum.
Because wasn’t it just his luck that on the first day so much was already going wrong? Steve
“Jarvis, let him in.”
“I don’t really know.” Tony admitted, startling himself with the honesty and trying not to shift at the way those golden eyes softened a little. “ I don’t really try that often. Other vampires do it better, I’m sure.”
Tony’s nose twitched. He frowned at the strange smell that started to fill the air.
“What’re you thinking about?” Steve whispered lightly in his ear and Tony had to swallow because since
Donning the role of Ironman again was a strange feeling. When he’d put on the suit during the attack, he’d done it because of the guilt and fear that something would happen, but also because someone had pushed him to make that first step, even if it hadn’t been with his best intentions in mind.
Reed is working diligently on one of the other tables when he hears Steve’s voice. He glances over his shoulder and shrugs.
And he was gone. Out of the room faster than lightening. The chair he’d been somehow sat on was still spinning.
“I won’t say it yet. But keep-keep going. Keep courting me. And then maybe...”
"Years Tony."
If Pierce was affected, he didn’t show it. I’m fact, he simply threw his head back and laughed like Tony had told him Fury really was a pirate.
“Me too. Please.” Tony whispered, looking for all the world like he was the happiest man alive. The dazed expression on his face said it all.
“Good.” Tony said in an icy tone that forced the Shield agents to step back. “Because I’m backup. Now
Bucky grunts and bends over to pick up the letter. It’s a little bent at the corners but still pristine otherwise and Bucky handles it carefully as he reads. Tony simply watches as the realization dawns on Bucky’s face.
Tony, I just saw you get hurt. Let me handle it-“
“Oh I bet.” Whitney laughed and pushed off the wall, sauntering towards him casually. She stopped in front of him and patted his cheek gently.
“Nothing yet. We found a few doctors who had a few unregistered supplies. They've started the tagging process on all bottles from other countries already so these weren’t easy to come by. If you can’t read what they say, that’s because they’re either in Russian or Portuguese but the side effects should be the same.” Natasha gestured to the bag and at Steve's laser stare, sighed and explained.
To Tony’s rapidly growing shock, he reached out and took his hand in both of his.
But by morning he came to a decision. Maybe just this once, there was no need to worry. After all, he’d probably never see that man again and he certainly hadn’t been close enough to be scented. If worst came to worse, he’d simply explain that he was concerned about the number of creatures out there and Norman would cover two areas instead of one. See? No harm done.
“YOU RUIN US ALL! YOU DESTROY US AND PRETEND-!” Strange suddenly gasps and drops his head into his hands.
“I’m sorry. I-I’m
“You want to ask him out.”
“You see, Mr. Stone. Tony is phenomenal. He can do anything and he certainly doesn’t need me or anyone to help him with anything he does. But that doesn’t mean I don’t want to help him.” Steve says quietly but when Tony looks up, he notices the terrifying storm in Steve’s eyes. The room is beginning to drown in the scent of rage that is threatening to boil over.
Tony scoffed and tossed the shattered frame into his open suitcase. He almost felt sorry for them. They were trying desperately to break him when he was already broken. There was no difference between him and the picture.
“Steve!” Tony cried out and then blinked slowly and turned to face him. “You’re okay.”
Tony spun around and raced across the roof. He didn’t waste even a second, jumping from roof to roof and finally leaving the block swiftly to run back to the cavern past Staten Island as fast as he could. Every time he checked behind him, he didn’t see a thing but he couldn’t take a chance.
“What are you talking about? And-“ Steve’s eyes widened and he sat up instantly. “Are you leaving!?”
“You said the balls were moving?” Steve asked beside him, arms folded and stance tall as he gave the owner his full force Captain America stare.
“He’s probably busy. You know, important person and all that.” He shrugged and did his best not to let his lips fall. “Don’t bother him, I just came to let you know.”
“You mean when I got off the helicopter!?”
Tony didn’t know what to think. In fact, he didn’t know if he
His body froze and his hands stayed limp by his side. He wasn't sure quite how to respond. Or
"I'm heading back inside. Commander."
The ship engines screamed and instantly the whole thing began to descend. Stunned, Grant watched as the cause of his nightmares fell to the ground like a comet, leaving nothing to be saved.
A sudden flurry of whispers escaped the crowd. Around him, Tony heard a few gasps and mentions of Whitney being sloppy. A grin spread across his face.
“You...okay, here.” Tony sighed and reached out to grab the bags quickly, stepping aside to let the woman walk towards the back slowly. It took longer than it should have but when she opened the door and took the bags back, she smiled gratefully and gestured with her hands.
He’d had dreams once. Dreams of building and soaring.
“I thought you wanted me to go. With you. I mean, actually you know what-“
(He was so scared-
“Such a shame I had to though.” He sighed loudly and tried not to smile too hard when Steve raised his brow.
And yet Tony found himself craving every touch. And enjoying every bit that he got.
Steve loved him and he loved Steve. He felt like he was gonna burst.
“I’m sorry pet.” Zeke sighed. “You’ll need to continue to carry this burden. I’m so proud of you.”
Steve cut in swiftly. “Cancel the orders and kill the robots. I won’t ask again.”
He was done for the night.
"I'm fine." Tony said and blinked once before scowling. "You didn't have to do that. I don't need you to be a knight in shining armor."
Every so often he would find his eyes drawing back to the comfort. And every so often, he’d catch Steve doing the same.
Tony wasn’t so sure.
Steve was in full gear again-that perfect cut blue stealth suit that shaped him like an adonis. Then again Steve had never been anything less without the uniform.
"I fixed most of them, I think. It's...”Tony waved a hand around and sighed. "Fuzzy."
“Reed? What are you not telling me?” But Reed ignores him and turns to leave. Feeling his anxiety build, Steve jumps from his seat and calls out.
Then he froze and almost pulled back. Steve’s hands on his waist stopped him.
“Son of the late Obadiah Stane.” Steve added and turned his nose up a little. “You’re smaller than I expected. I’m surprised you’re actually the one who owns the claims.”
“Obviously. Who’d wanna share a bed with a traitor like you?”
“Then why won’t you tell him? Or let me? You’re obviously not totally convinced he doesn’t care.”
“Let’s go.”
"I don't know." Tony whispered and couldn't help the way his voice shook. Like he was balancing on a wire and sooner or later he'd fall.
Reed stops and turns. Strange continues to scan the prints.
Are you a pureblood?”
"What?"
For a full minute, nothing happened. Then suddenly, as if controlled by puppet strings, Tony reached out and curled his hands around Steve’s waist, pressing his body against him and leaning his head on Steve’s shoulder. His hair tickled Steve’s chin and his hands shook against Steve’s back but he held his position firmly. He seemed to be waiting for a reaction because Steve couldn’t feel him breathing.
"You wanna say that again pal?" Steve said through grit teeth, and clenched his bloodied fist tightly and that was when Tony noticed Ben's nose had broken.
Behind him, Rogers seems to sigh and walk around the bed. Then suddenly he’s right behind Tony and reaching for something in the wardrobe.
He’d lost a friend today. His best friend. All because he’d been too insistent and too impatient and too greedy.
“So he has no clue, and you’ve basically been left to fend for yourself on this craft.” The doctor said dryly and Tony got the impression he was being told he was an idiot.
“So as you can see, we have a number of projects we’re working on, but the main designs are currently focused on improving the weapons on the Helicarrier. To put it simply, it’s a weakness we can’t afford, and so the commander has tasked us with coming up with more efficient machinery, without the loss of power.”
Follow this link for beautiful angst and please show your love:
“What? Nothing to say?” The words escaped him before he could stop them.
“Tony, I’m the one who pushed you. If anything, I took advantage of you.” Steve said incredulously but then his jaw went slack. “Did I take advantage of you?”
It feels that way at least. His mind is foggy in a way that almost reminds him of when he’s starting to reach the peak of the drink. That hazy sweet escape that beckons him to commit sins. To forget what he’s worth and give it all away.
“Captain, don’t mess with my experiment-“
Scoffing, Whitney shoved him back harshly and turned away. His back collided with the bookshelf but he didn’t make a sound. He simply waited for her next words.
Reed calls out his name, but he ignores it. His eyes are fixed on the man in front of him.
“Tony...” At Steve’s plea, he opened his eyes and faced him. “It’s in the past.”
Steve felt like an absolute heel. He had no idea why but somehow he felt everything going on around him was because of him. It was like everyone around him was miserable.
) he realizes that maybe having someone, feeling someone will bring back some life for him. Maybe something to remind him of what he felt for Steve. Maybe something to distract him.
“Afraid?”
Steve needed more friends. He needed one right now even if it wasn't the person he needed.
“Oh yes. He’s their leader. I'm telling you Anthony, they're nothing but trouble. It doesn't take someone with half a brain to notice and the sooner they're gone, the better."
His stomach fluttered every time he thought about him. And their blood share.
“I can’t be s’ved.”
“Steve, when are you gonna tell-“
“Ezekiel? Zeke Stane?”
His dog tags.
The feeling of betrayal coupled with intense hatred. That’s what’s Steve feels for these people. It’s draining and poisonous but it's what they’ve done to him. One of them in particular.
“Sure.” Tony laughed bitterly, letting his anger seep into his words slightly. “I just fancied a lie in. You know me, always thinking for myself.”
“You’re really sat there checking me out?” He turned back round and put his hands on his hips. “C’mon, you’re not even hiding it.”
Guiding Tony into the chair he’d vacated, he left him to his own thoughts, wandering into the bathroom to grab a spare set of duvet covers from the closet. Almost clinically, he stripped the bedding and bundled everything up, dropping it into the laundry basket in one go. Then he replaced the covers and made the bed once more. He didn’t look at Tony, hoping it would give the omega a moment to gather his thoughts. Tony was obviously lost in thought, head probably still muzzled from the intense heat and severe lack of food. Steve hadn’t been able to get him to eat at all and now he was kicking himself for it.
“Sir, I would not recommend-“
Shaking his head firmly, Tony folded his arms and took a step back. “That’s a bad idea. I’ve never taken blood from a werewolf and who knows what will happen to you-“
The total time to the warehouse by flight was about three hours with the quinjet. Tony’s suit dropped that time to forty-five minutes.
“Contact has been discovered. Miss Maria Hill from Shield base.”
Hands took hold of him and lay him down gently, positioning him until his head was resting in Steve’s lap. He felt a hand press into his hair gently and hold the position there.
“Yes, leave me. And send Norman on your way out.”
“You still care about me, don’t you?”
NO SOULMATE-!”
It’s not so bad. Maybe they’ll remember him as something good.
“Reed.” Steve urges, frowning at the response.
Defeated, Tony turned his eyes to the floor and sighed. What was the point? He’d never get to leave this place alone. Why did he bother to hope?
Steve didn’t give him an answer to that. But he did crawl in further until he was completely inside the ball pit. Through the dark green netting, Tony could make out Steve’s form climbing in slowly and finally dropping down into the ball pit.
"Y-yes."
He didn’t think about his dwindling supplies. There wasn’t any point in worrying when there were plenty of other dangers.
-“ Steve then groaned and almost fell forward, only Tony instantly reached up to catch him by his shoulders, feeling his senses sharpen. Steve’s eyes were starting to flutter closed, making Tony’s heart rate skyrocket.
He simply waited for Steve. And he was not disappointed.
Tony couldn’t stop staring at Steve. He was sure he looked like a deer in headlights but he was beginning to seriously wonder if...
The coughs come back with vengeance and suddenly they’re so much worse. Dark and hacking and foul and something is wrong and he feels it. His body knows and he feels it and it’s
Steve reacted. He wrapped his arms around Tony securely, pressing one hand against Tony’s lower back and one hand over his neck. He hoped Tony realized the protective gesture for what it was.
Maybe he was a bystander that got attacked by the ghouls? But no, that didn’t make sense considering he was unharmed and looked big enough to take down a team of starving zombies. So that wasn’t it.
“Stark.” Fury squinted and folded his arms. “What’s going on with you?”
Back when he had first woken from the ice, Tony had welcomed him with open arms and given him a chance. He’d done everything to make him feel happy and alive. And he’d been there, as more than a friend.
Apparently he broke on stage too. And now the whole world knows.
“Tony?”
Tony’s about to correct him but Rogers steps in.
Tony felt his lips break out into a shaky smile. Of course. It made perfect sense.
“I can’t do that Ty.” Tony sighs and picks up his coffee. It’s decaf, as is his new normal.
He couldn’t decipher the mix of emotions of Steve’s face. Anger, shock, rage and sorrow all appeared in a moment. Then Steve’s face went carefully blank, though his eyes turned to steel.
“We should try it. This alternating thing.” Tony says and laughs nervously when Roger’s frowns at him like he’s trying to understand him. “C'mon, there won’t be any sex involved. Just some...pillow talk.”
Fairness was in the eye of the beholder. At least, that was what he figured. But still, even though he was doing his best to help them, he knew it wasn’t nearly enough.
“Did you say it was permanent?” Tony whispered, waiting for the answer before he dared to hope.
Steve pulled him down by his neck and kissed him. His mouth pressed against his desperately like he was searching for something. Comfort?
“See Mr. Stark, I think you know he would do something. And I think you know why.”
“Definitely not. But I think I’ve found something.”
“Sure Winghead, whatever you say.” Iron man laughed, and with a tight grip, he swooped down, making Steve soar.
“Oh, oh-hey, no, you’re alright.” Steve instantly dropped his tone and reached out, pulling him close and wrapping his arms around him firmly and Tony struggled to suppress his shakes. The warmth from Steve’s body was searing.
“Oh Norman, save something for me. I’ll make him pay.” Whitney said with no ounce of false joy.
Oh. He'd heard that tone before. When Steve had accused him of being a leech at the start. Steve had apologized for that several times of course but the sadness Tony had felt after would be hard to forget. Tony knew what it felt like to be judged as something you weren't. This kid didn't deserve to feel like that.
“It’s okay.”
Tony’s heart begins to race. He’s just agreed to sleep in the same bedroom as Captain America. He doesn’t even know if he’s his alpha.
“Stand tall.” Steve commanded loudly, now turning ever so slightly to look at the row with his hands folded behind his back. His expression was one of steel and though he addressed them all, Tony felt like Steve was directing it at him.
