remembered having a pleasant early-morning nap, still high with post-orgasmic thrills and aching in all the right places. Objectively, Cap had made that day much better. He did not massively change the course of history either, so Tony couldn’t complain when
Tony blinked. Frowned.
* * *
He would let Steve know later. Perhaps while washing feathers from his hair, or even over a cup of coffee the next morning. Something simple and domestic for the first time, to not overshine the sentimentality. After would come time for getaway trips to distant islands, gifts and extravagant meals alike.
"That one was true. Less glamorous than it sounds, I might add."
He just about jumped out of his skin when a steady hand touched his shoulder. “Hey, Tony-”
reality, because he would have only ever experienced the edited timeline.
“No,” Tony lied and made it clear he was dishonest by handing Steve a coffee; one-shot, four-parts milk, one-part cream, all sugar. It was ridiculously unnecessary but spoke of how well Steve had adjusted to the 21st century’s palate. And it wasn’t like Steve drank coffee for the caffeine, in any case. “I was fucking around, prepping for my meeting with Fury, then I found out that dear Pete made an Instagram account for Barnes last night. I’m not entirely sure Barnes knows; it appears to be mainly pictures of a drunk and disorderly Barton, anyhow. Look-”
He found himself reaching for Tony, curling a hand roughly around the nape of his neck to pull him into a fierce kiss. He wanted to fuck him, to spill inside him and claim him for his own. He wanted to cherish him, too, to raise him up and show the world what a great man Tony Stark was. It was a powerful, all-consuming desire that he hadn’t known he had in him. His Tony was at home, weak and distant, but this Tony was still his Tony. Just younger, sanguine,
Helpless to the onslaught of pleasure, Tony’s cheeks flushed with sweet humiliation. It wasn’t real embarrassment - he could never be truly embarrassed around Steve, who knew him better than he knew himself a lot of the time - but he couldn’t escape the feeling of boyhood punishment for testing the limits and pushing too far. It was dirty and merciless and painful in a way that bordered on too much, except it was
for it Steve was.
"Yeah, well, I'm a generous man. In and out of the bedroom, for your information. I'm sure you've read the stories in your Google search of me." Tony smirked, amused as he skirted away from the serious conversation again. “Don't take them all at face value.”
The want felt like an obsession, all-consuming, and he felt reduced to the empty space in his ass. A hole, needing to be stuffed and owned.
Tony just moved to sit up while Steve offered the over-priced bottled water to him. Steve pressed his lips against a sweaty forehead and belatedly realised that he should put the bottle on the table for Tony to take, but Tony was already drinking despite the bottle being handed directly to him. Steve hid his smile in the damp dark curls atop Tony’s head. There was barely any silver there at all, he noted wistfully.
He swallowed. The reflected image lost tension in its shoulders. Cap wouldn’t react well if he looked moments away from a panic attack - no, Tony would be calm and cool.
Tony’s rigid verbal fumblings were cut off as Steve looped their fingers together. With both hands, Steve held on tightly to him, then drew them to rest either side of his head alongside the pillow. Steve wasn’t shying away from the augmented arm; he trusted it, trusted Tony, and opened himself up by adopting a submissive position beneath him. Even Steve’s prick seemed to be on board with the new circumstance, pressing hot and wet against Tony’s inner thigh. It forced Tony to look into the shine of Steve’s eyes in the dark as he spoke, “Your prosthetic is not a turn off for me, Tony. Even if it wasn’t earned during a selfless act, or if you decided to not use it at all, I wouldn’t be any less attracted to you. And if there are a few technical missteps, we’ll deal with them. Is that clear?”
"If I don't?" Tony asked the ceiling, not really expecting Steve to answer. It was wholly strange to have the company of another human in this liminal time of night. Post-nightmare, pre-engineering binge, while the Mansion was quiet but creaked it’s confusion to whoever happened to be awake at such an unsociable hour.
Suddenly, it all felt far too intimate a scene for the team to be looking in on. He dropped his arm as the pair fiercely embraced, clutching at each other and sobbing bittersweet relief and six years worth of heartache into each other's shoulders. Later. They would find out what the hell had happened to Loki later but for right now the two needed time to reunite on their own terms. Tony had seen enough family's back together after Bruce's snap to know when the time was to look away.
- just moments before his death, but that didn't mean that the Avenger's had forgotten about the vengeful god that sent hell to New York in 2012.
Tony had to hand it to Pepper; the Mansion did look a lot better with people in it. Restoring the old Stark home then flooding the entrance hall and the entertaining ballroom with Avengers, so-called distinguished guests, and a select handful of media newsies was her greatest PR suggestion yet. These were the people he was born and bred to captivate and he did it well.
(Most nights he carried Tony back to bed. He couldn’t when Tony was twenty-one, as he had outgrown Jarvis’ strength, but the man stayed with him until the early hours of the morning when he was ready to collapse with twisted grief regardless of the presence of a bed in the room.)
“It’ll be alright, Tony. You know… Whatever happens, I’ll always be here to steal your bagels from the fridge,” Peter reassured, so earnestly that Tony almost missed what he said.
Unless... Steve hadn’t put all the Stones back.
"And why would you, a surgeon with hands like a rabbit's heart, know how to imprison Loki: literal God of mischief," Tony asked, world's colliding in a way he was absolutely
He sighed again
Tony shook his head.
“Oh, so we
“I need to know why. Why he did it,” Tony said, voice determined as he found Peter’s gaze. That was still the unanswered question;
Tony pulled away as increments of his brain ticked back online. “I can’t believe you just jerked off inside me. That’s so fucking hot,” he said, laughing a little as Steve ducked his head to hide his blush. Tony’s heart was fit to burst; he just wanted Cap so damn much. “I had no idea you were so possessive, Mister Rogers.”
After a few moments, Steve joined him.
“When Cap went to twenty-twelve to put the Stones back he changed something in the timeline,” he said and Peter’s eyes widened. “JARVIS had- It doesn’t matter. Steve changed something between us, and since he got back he’s been-”
//Tony looked up at the female sitting beside him in shock. She was now looking directly at Tony, her deep brown eyes full of understanding.
“This suit. Darker blue looks better on you.” Tony whispered, smiling softly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Also, his heat was due soon and Steve should be back in time, but they were pushing it, as heats can always come early. They were also risking it as Steve had come off his suppressants, so his rut should co-inside with Tony’s, but it could also be early and end up affecting the mission. All of the pack, except refrom Tony were on suppressants to stop their mating cycle. Most shifters have one to three a year, some having up to six. The cycles can vary in length, from a couple of days to a week. The pack come off their suppressants once a year, so they can still have a cycle to keep healthy, as it is recommended, and take turns so they’re not all sex-crazed messes all at once. After Tony first matured, his cycles were short but often, having one every two months, that lasted two to three days. It was a nightmare not having a mate, but a dick was a dick to Tony in that frame of mind. He was thankful he didn’t end up with an STI or pregnant, although there was a scare one time. Eventually, his heats started to become fewer but lasted longer. Currently, he has two or three a year, and they last around four or five days. His first one should have been back in March, but it didn’t happen, Tony suspects it’s because of being abandoned from his old pack. Steve had told the omega that he hadn’t gone into rut for a year and a half after he lost his first pack and it was common for shifters to miss a cycle if they had gone through something.
“Jealous of what?”
“Personal project. It’s good that you’re here. You can help out.” The alpha looked confused. “Bring it over here.” Steve nodded as picked up the shield.
“Are you sure?” Tony asked, following the doctor down the hall.
“Shit,” Clint muttered.
He needed coffee if he was going to be dealing with an angry Steve Rogers at this time in the morning. Tony turned as his lab door opened, letting out a sigh of relief when it was just Pepper.
“Clint.” Bucky groaned. “Shut up and eat your sandwich.”
The archer glared at Sam, pressing another button as he did so. Natasha and Bruce watched them. Bucky, Thor and Loki had gone to stock up on supplies after unlocking the armoury while the four of them went to set up the quinjet.
The pack finds out about Tony's birthday and Tony takes Steve along to his meal with Pepper and Rhodey
“You don’t have to worry, Tony. It’s okay.” Bruce sent the omega an assuring smile.
Pepper frowned in confusion as her phone rang ‘Unknown Number’ appearing as the caller ID. She let it ring, thinking it was a cold caller before it rang again. Then again. Sighing, she answered.
“Okay, that’s enough.” A shot was fired, the gun falling from Clint’s head as the HYDRA agent fell to the ground, bleeding from the bullet wound in his head.
The omega snuggled into the alpha, an arm draping over the larger male’s torso before letting out a yawn. “Thanks… Um Steve.”
Silence once again before a loud scraping sound, as if a chair was being moved. Hesitantly, the redhead tried the door again, letting out a sigh of relief when the handle went all the way down and the door could open. She quickly sent a text to Bruce saying how she got in and not to disturb them. Pepper took a step inside, her heartbreaking at the sight of Tony pressed up against the counter as he sat on the floor right by the door, struggling to maintain his breath, shaking while his hands covered his chest as the tears streamed down his cheeks.
“Really?” Sam’s eyebrows rose, looking at the alpha as Clint tried to peer at Steve’s phone.
SteveTony previous lovers to enemies to fake dating to lovers (sounds confusing but I have it planned out)
After they ate the two cuddled close by the river. Steve had wrapped around the smaller wolf who was curled up in a ball and began to lick over the brown head of fur. Tony ended up eating most of the hare and Steve just let him. The omega was pretty tired now and the warmth coming from the alpha wrapped around him was really not helping him fight off his sleep.
“JARVIS?” Bruce asked.
He refused to turn back to look at the alpha because Tony wasn’t sure if he could keep on running if he did, no matter what the danger. Eventually, the brown wolf managed to find his way back to his clothes that he hid earlier, slowing down and limping over to his things before shifting back into is human form. He waited for a brief moment, golden fur and blue eyes on his mind, before snapping out of it and putting his clothes back on, cursing quietly to himself for injuring his wrist. It was most likely a sprain and no doubt he’ll get Bruce to look at it tomorrow after bandaging it up himself back at his room.
“Sir, if I may interject your self-monologue, I think I might be able to help you out,” JARVIS said.
Bruce had no idea how long they had been out, but Tony had drunk a lot and was going off about several technological developments, and the bar was a lot more packed than when they first got here. The omega was trying to get the delta to dance with him, but Bruce politely declined each time. The omega got up from his seat, swaying a little as he excused himself to go to the toilet a few. Bruce nodded and before he had the chance to ask the omega if he could go with him, he watched his friend drunkenly stumble away. As soon as Tony was back, the delta was going to get them out of here.
“Why don’t we just watch the second one?” Rhodey suggested.
“I just wanted a sandwich.” Clint huffed, sitting on the bed.
“Want to take the long way back home?” Steve asked and Tony nodded in response, taking off his glasses and securing them in his pocket. He continued to look at Steve, the alpha pausing as he lifted Tony’s helmet.
This gave Tony the opportunity to look her over. They were around the same size, Tony only fractions taller. Her hair was short and ginger, more orangey and much brighter than Natasha’s and Pepper’s. Fire’s eyes were a bright and shiny amber and big, as most omega’s eyes were.
“Like, together?” Tony’s eyebrow rose.
Steve was about to tell Nat their location but froze and looked up upon hearing a sharp gasp. Tony, out of nowhere, flipped causing the alpha to flip with him, knocking the gun from Rumlow’s hand with his foot. The alpha landed on his back, winded, Tony crouching beside the wolf. That’s when Steve noticed the small dagger sticking out from Brock’s stomach, red starting to leak into his shirt.
“She makes a good point,” Clint added. “We haven’t done any month-long missions yet, but what if we do and he can’t come? We might not even have a house when we get back.”
“Well, it’s a bit late considering you left me in a forest to die!” The omega growled, looking straight into the alpha’s eyes.
“Well, well, well. What do we have here?” A voice broke in over the speakers
Tony opened his eyes and sat up in bed, glancing at Steve before looking at the clock on the bedside table. It was 3:21 am and Steve was fast asleep, blonde hair ruffled. Tony smiled down at Steve, running a hand through the golden locks before letting out a sigh and climbing out of bed. Steve hadn’t been harsh with Tony when he got home that evening, he just wished that he had been given a warning about Clint’s present before the archer could try them out. The omega quickly got dressed, careful not to wake Steve up as he looked around for his shoes. Tony gave another look to the sleeping alpha as he slipped on his glasses and left the room.
In the end, they had four bags full of snacks and four large drink bottles each, nearly clearing out the petrol station’s stock of snacks. But the petrol station manager didn’t seem to mind with all the money they spent on food.
Pepper wasn’t born when Tony’s mother died, though had overhead her parents and other pack members talking about it occasionally over the years. Howard would never speak of it and as far as she was aware Tony didn’t know either but didn’t deem it her place to tell him as she shouldn’t have known in the first place.
"I'm a bad bitch, you can't kill me." -Tony Stark
“Tony, listen.” Bruce began, looking down at the omega, smiling softly noticing he was asleep. “Never mind.”
Reasoning: I decided to give Brooke a female mate because we love the gays, and so Tony could have another omega to talk to. For the most part of book one, Tammi and Tony talked off-book, but in book two, they will probably be consoling more, as well as the rest of Brooke’s pack. I thought this wolf looked very shy and timid, like an omega just like Tammi would.
“Try it for me, please?”
“Nope. Never official mates.” The boy shook his head.
“Just think of it as an experiment, Bruce. We’re just testing out his reactions to having a potential mate. He’s never been like this with any other wolf.” Nat explained, calming him down a little.
I've pretty much planned out the whole book now and written most chapters. I've already been planning for a second book in the series.
“There’s someone else in the house?” The blonde asked, pulling back.
ALSO, another warning for sexual harassment and I've put the same // next to were it begins and ends.
“It will be fine. He’s pretty chill about this stuff. He understands that we can go and have a good time without the pack from time to time. We can be trusted. He’s not overly controlling. Don’t tell him I told you this, but he’s the best alpha ever.” Clint had made his way over to Tony, sitting on the bed beside him with a grin as he looked over at his fellow delta.
Sam burst out laughing beside the archer as he rubbed at his leg again. This caused Clint to glare at him before whacking him upside the head.
“Listen, Barton. You will take the twins to the quinjet and make sure they’re safe. I won’t allow HYDRA to get away with this and have anymore illegal human and shifter experimentation. They can’t and won’t get away with this.”
“When did you meet?”
I'm back. It's been so hot here in England lately that I haven't been up to writing, just moping around and crying.
“There’s a problem. We need more guards.” A head poked through the doors, speaking in German. Tony had picked up German, along with several other languages growing up. HYDRA had no idea that he understood what they were saying.
“For what? Defending my honour? Let’s go dance somewhere else to forget those assholes.” It was a shame because Brooke seemed genuinely nice, but at least he had Nat and Clint to back him up. “I want this night to end on a high.”
“They killed her, didn’t they?”
“I’m not sure they can. It’s not like this counts as an emergency.”
“You’re my getaway driver.”
Tony groaned, his head was killing him. It was so much worse than yesterday. He hated himself for drinking so much again. Two nights in a row was far too much for the omega to handle. Tony sucked in a breath before opening his eyes, whining quietly at the bright light. That’s when he felt it, someone shifting behind him before wrapping an arm around his waist, their face nuzzling into the back of his neck. The omega sniffed, smelling the scent of an alpha… the blonde… Steve. Tony gasped, sitting up from the bed before holding onto his head and groaning as he got a headrush, the alpha’s arm sliding down over his lap.
It had been six days since he last saw Steve in person, and he was missing the alpha a lot. He couldn’t call or text him, but Steve had promised to text the omega as soon as he was back home. Pepper was out of town. She was attending a SHIELD meeting a few states over and it’s Brooke and Tammi’s anniversary, so he felt bad to invite the two of them for lunch. So he just went alone, it wasn’t the first time he had eaten lunch alone but it had been a while since it happened. Tony let out a sigh before shovelling a forkful of pasta into his mouth. He’d always have pasta to keep him company.
“Don’t you know it’s rude to eavesdrop?” Natasha’s voice made Steve jump, hand over his chest as he turned to face the beta that was sitting up on the counter.
“Steve, Steve I’m fine. I’m just a little short and not made for jumping over giant tree trunks. So I dug under it.”
Reaching Tony’s room, the omega sighed as he used his key to open the door, hating that the day had come to an end so quickly.
“Three.”
Bruce and Clint continued to talk, but Steve couldn’t focus on them. Tony was missing. He hadn’t come home. He needed to find his mate.
“I guess it was kind of stupid, huh.”
Reasoning: I thought about making Pepper human, but I wanted her to know Tony from a young age, and while I thought about them getting to know one another through SI, I decided to make her part of the pack, and omega so Tony would have someone else with him. I thought about giving Pepper a ginger/cream/blonde coat but there’s lots of them with similar coats, so I went with white in the end, so it's similar but not exactly the same. Also, it’s very pretty.
“He still wasn’t feeling well so he told me he was coming home.”
“Some days I want to kiss that man.” Clint grinned, picking up the key card.
“They’re the ones that took Tony.” Steve matched their scent to the ones found in the van.
The delta shook his head at the doctor. “No. His mate, you know, Tony? He’s missing. We were hoping we could get some information from here but no luck.”
“I don’t believe so.” JARVIS paused. “I will try my best to track his location. I will update you if I find anything.”
“And the meaning is that I’m Bruce’s friend and I was drunk and cold. He was just making sure I was okay.”
“What?”
Steve gulped and sniffed the air, confirming that this was definitely the omega he had been so affected by, the one he had come across in the forest last night too. He was stunning in both wolf and human form. He had been so worried and felt almost abandoned when he turned around that night to see the omega wolf gone as Bucky and Natasha approached him after he had shown affection to the smaller wolf. Taking a step forward, Steve looked over the brunette, his wrist was wrapped in a bandage causing the alpha to remember the smaller male injuring himself that night. Taking a few more steps forward so he was directly in front of the wolf, Steve continued to take in the omega and knew he was doing the same to him. Frowning at how thin he was, the alpha just wanted to reach out, to touch and comfort him. His fur must have hidden it last night in the woods, he recognised him being small in size, omegas generally were, but seeing the older male in human form showed that he wasn’t just small but malnourished. Clint and Natasha had rescued him, meaning he could have been treated badly in a pack before and Steve tried not to think of anything horrible happening to the omega he didn’t even know and suppressed a whine. Brown eyes met blue and Steve tried to find something to say, but he couldn’t. He was lost in the wolf’s chocolate eyes, his scent surrounding the alpha at their proximity. There was no doubt the omega recognised him too.
“He might not have been able to get one, Steve.” Bruce tugged on the blonde’s arm, hoping that Steve wouldn’t jump over the counter and violate patient confidentiality only for the receptionist to be telling the truth. Steve let out another growl, pacing in front of the desk.
“Bucky, can I speak to you outside when I’m finished here?” Tony asked, the beta as he loaded the dishwasher with another plate.
“You okay?” Bucky asked, walking over to Steve who was sat at the back of the quinjet.
The wolf omega shook his head. “We have two feline shifters in my pack. A lion and a snow leopard.”
“Well, I’ve been working on this for a while and I don’t want you to be offended by it, because I don’t mean it in a bad way.” Tony cursed at himself, knowing he was going to ramble. “I just really wanted to help, and I’ve been upgrading everyone else’s equipment and outfits, some of which are more personal than just general weapons. I wanted to do something for you, as soon as I saw it, I just had to, I guess it’s just the engineer in me. I was ju-” Tony stopped upon seeing Bucky’s look, eyebrows raised. “Here.” The omega opened the bag, taking out the arm.
“He still wasn’t feeling well so he told me he was coming home.”
“Tony.”
“Ah, I don’t normally do ultrasounds, but I can get that done for you, I’m licensed.” The alpha walked over to his desk, lights flickering on automatically. “Take a seat.” Tony nodded, sitting down on the opposite side of the desk as the doctor got himself sorted, typing on the computer. “I’ll have to get an ultrasound machine, but if you want to get yourself sorted and on the bed.”
“I’m Tyler. Brooke’s brother.” He held out a hand for Tony to shake, the latter shaking it. “I um, just wanted to apologise for the other night. I had no idea I was going into rut or else I wouldn’t have gone out.”
Fur colour: Greyish-brown with black along his back and white underbelly originally, greenish tint now
“We’re not leaving him alone again.” Natasha stepped in front of Steve before anyone else replied.
Hanging up on Clint, Steve sighed, noticing he had a missed call from Bruce. He called the delta back, who picked up immediately.
“You have a superpower now, Tony.” Clint grinned mischievously. “We need to use it as much as possible.”
“Anthony. But people call me Tony.” The omegas shook hands, Tony uncurling from the bed. The female omega sat next to him, still smiling at him.
“Years of practice my good friend.” Tony grinned before taking a drag. “Once you get good at it whilst high, drunk or both, you’re set for life.”
“Honey, I’ll throw a party one night, and you’ll see how bad I can be.”
“Yeah.”
James Rhodes (Rhodey): Alpha Wolf
“I’ve been tempted to try bubble-gum for ages… Let’s go for it.” Tony gave a small smile as Steve nodded in response.
“Please, please I’m going insane.”
Natasha glared at the pad, not expecting to be rejected. Clint burst out laughing, head tilting back as the redhead muttered swears in Russian.
“I can’t help it that I’m popular.” Tony grinned mischievously over at Steve, causing Clint to laugh.
“You always accuse me of doing something to Steve! I did nothing.” Clint had just managed to calm himself down, wiping his eyes.
“Oh my fucking god.” Clint’s jaw dropped.
“Yep.” Tony took his walkie-talkie, speaking into it. “Cheeseburger.”
The omega stood, licking Steve’s muzzle before the alpha walked away. Tony looked over at the wolves he was playing with before, they both had their heads hung low.
Steve shook his head as the three of them ran off towards the building, wondering how the three of them worked so well together, but they really did. Natasha gave Steve a nod before heading off with Thor, Sam coming up beside him, both of them watching as the two teams reached the building.
Tony stood frozen for a minute.
“Trays and plates?” Bucky asked, looking over at Steve.
“Okay. Stay where you are, and I’ll track you down. I’m going to call Bruce then I’ll call you back.”
“Where’s everyone else?” Bruce asked, taking a seat at the island.
“It’s going to be weird just talking to you through my watch or glasses, J,” Tony spoke as he slid his watch off his wrist, placing it down by his coffee. Tony had made sure that JARVIS couldn’t be activated by his old pack by disconnecting him in his old room and workshop, the only places he was before. The wolf originally planned to have him all over the packhouse and even in his dad’s building to help with anything they needed. But his A.I. had been refused by his father because there could be “holes in his development” and a load of other bullshit that Tony had rolled his eyes at.
Steve grumbled, hearing his drunk deltas voice on the other end of the phone call. He had been sleeping until the call woke him up.
“But Strucker.”
“Nah.” Fire shook her head. “I’m a cheetah shifter. We don’t settle down so easily.”
“Hello, Mr Banner,” JARVIS replies.
This wasn’t the first-time members of the pack, Clint especially, ran off whilst drunk on a night out. It was always a game, but there’d normally be a group to look for them. Bruce, Loki and the alpha stayed sober, with the latter two sometimes having one or two drinks but never a lot. Steve had only been drunk once whilst in this pack and other times just remained a little bit merry or sober. The other members of the pack would party all night if the three didn’t drag them home.
“Sorry, I didn’t want to wake you.” Tony bit his lip, not moving.
“I have so many questions.” There was a pause. “I’ll be there in forty-ish minutes.”
Steve walked over, recognising the phone and wallet immediately. They were Tony’s. Steve picked them up, looking them over before putting them in his pocket. An envelope was also on the desk. The blonde picked it up hesitantly, opening it up and taking out the contents. It was an ultrasound scan. Tony was pregnant with twins. He rubbed his thumb over the scan, small smile on his face. Steve’s frowned, ears picking up on a faint beeping noise. His eyes widened, realising what it was.
“No, you stay here.”
“Where’s your stuff?” Steve asked as they left the room hand in hand.
Tony hummed softly, typing away on his phone as he sat in bed. He was currently arranging his meal out tonight with Pepper and Rhodey while Steve was in the shower. They had decided to go to a local family-run Italian restaurant on the outskirts of the city and Pepper was confirming a time with them all as she was going to call to set a reservation.
“He’ll probably be another ten or twenty minutes depending on traffic,” Tony replied with a shrug.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah.”
“This is the craziest day of my life and this isn’t even the first time I’ve been kidnapped.” Tony let out a short, bitter laugh. “I found out I’m pregnant, I’m kidnapped by HYRDA and told my DNA is going to be put into a human so they can become an army of shifters, that aren’t proper shifters, and then HYDRA is going to take over the world? You know maybe I’m high.”
“I-I. You’re welcome.” Steve bit his lip, blushing too as he looked into the omega’s eyes, unable to break away.
“Let him go!” It was Clint. The wolf had rushed up to the pair, Natasha at his side.
The final chapter before book two. Of course, I'm still going to upload the shifter pictures, which I'll do just before I post the first chapter of book two. Which still needs a name. And the series also needs a name. I'll figure it out. But for now, please enjoy.
“I can look after him.” Tony blinked up at Tyler, grinning as he picked up his cup. He finished the rum and had no idea what he was drinking now.
Two identical rooms were opposite to him, both having occupants. The first room had a male inside, sitting on a single bed, facing the wall. He looked young, possibly no older than fifteen or sixteen. Blondish-silver hair and was wearing clothes similar to both his and Fire’s. He also had a bandage around his right hand like the feline shifter.
“Also, Tony likes to cuddle.” The delta’s smirk widened, knowing exactly what he was doing to his alpha.
Thank you for all the comments and kudos!!
The alpha tilted his head slightly before bending down a little and hooking his hands underneath Tony’s thighs so he could lift him onto the table. Tony’s legs opened as if it was second nature allowing Steve to slot between them to re-join their lips in a heated open-mouthed kiss.
High Tony could normally be convinced by food, drunk Tony less so. Rhodey managed to get the omega home in once piece, half-eaten kebab left on the kitchen counter as the alpha made sure to take Tony up to his bed, lying with the omega until they both fell asleep.
“Classic Tony.” Sam laughed.
“I’m happy to help, sir. Is there anything else you need assistance with?”
Tony began to unpack his boxes, he wouldn’t be going back to sleep for some time yet so he thought he might as well get it done now. He opened one of the draws, thankful to see it empty and started to pack away his clothes.
“Shit.” Tony gripped onto the counter, taking a deep breath to try steady it. He had been having these thoughts all day and was trying his hardest not to have a panic attack.
Fur colour: Red (ginger) on top, white on the bottom
“Are you sure you’re okay with that?” Steve asked and the snow leopard only nodded in response.
“That’s a quinjet.” Steve grinned, pointing to it as they reached the top of the hill.
It was just what the omega needed.
Tony sighed. Steve had his pouty face on. Big blue eyes, lip pouting as he stared straight at the omega. The brunette let out a quiet cuss before nodding. “Fine. But no getting in my way and you’ll have to make coffee.”
Natasha walked back into the room, smiling as she approached the group. “It’s fine. He said to have fun and don’t make too much noise when we come back.”
“Yeah. An attractive male omega comes along and something in me just went. The alcohol didn’t help.”
“Oh yeah, sorry about that.” Clint shrugged. “I thought it would be over and I just walk in places.”
Tony paced around the room, growling as he filled with anger, hurt and guilt. Fire was gone. The omega let out another whine, curling up on the floor.
“Thank you.” Tony ate his breakfast, Steve sitting by his side while watching the news. “So, what alpha things have you got planned for today?”
Both omegas snuck out of the room before running down the hall, Fire holding back so Tony could keep up. Tony winced as more screaming could be heard from the lab at the bottom of the hall, pausing just before the doors. Fire turned to paw at him before pushing on the doors, nodding outside. Tony looked at her before looking back down the hallway, ears dropping as he let out a whine. He couldn’t just leave them here.
“Enough!” Steve’s alpha voice caused everyone to stop what they were doing, including Loki who hardly ever took commands from the alpha. All eyes were on him, the only noise in the room was the champagne that was slowly filling Steve’s glass and a low growl emitting from the alpha. “Get back in your seats now and behave.” He pointed a finger to both Clint and Sam. “If you’re going to act like children, I will treat you like children. Neither of you are getting any of the brownies I made earlier for dessert. Your portions will go to Thor. You’re lucky I am letting you stay for the meal.”
“I hate you the least.” The alpha shrugged before placing his hands on the omega’s waist, pulling him closer.
“You started it.”
“I don’t want to be punched in the face. Again.”
“Tony, I need you to call in SHIELD,” Steve spoke down the comms.
It was silent for a moment before Tony spoke up “five.”
Bruce had just finished his coffee break in the cafeteria on the ground floor and he was making his way up to his lab on the floor above in the elevator. Food and drink weren’t allowed in the labs, though he sometimes broke the rules if he was in there for long periods and remembered to eat. Stepping out of the elevator, he walked over to the door only to notice a male omega wolf standing at the door, muttering to himself.
“That’s horrible.” Tony looked over at the siblings sitting in the opposite room.
“So am I, drop it. It’s my workshop and my rules.” The omega crossed his arms. “I know when I’m pushing the boundaries.”
“I can’t help it,” Steve said, throwing Tony his t-shirt before stripping out of his mission uniform, leaving himself just in his boxers.
“On it, Steve,” Clint replied, the quinjet starting up, the doors closing.
“Nothing on them.” The beta wolf sighed.
“Well, that’s a first.” The alpha stood from his seat and walked over to a cabinet. He took out two glasses and a bottle of scotch. Tony watched him every step of the way without moving an inch. “Want a glass?” He asked, pouring the scotch into one glass.
“Ugh fine.” Tony rolled his eyes, leaning back on the elevator walls.
“Successful?” Tony snorted. “The most powerful weapons industry for humans and shifters here in the States, they could have potentially gone global if my father chose to. But he was ‘protecting the country’. Bloody Howard Stark.”
“This is JARVIS. My highly advanced A.I. developed by yours truly.” Tony explains, a smug smirk playing on his lips. “JARVIS, this is Bruce Banner.”
What's one of your least favourite MCU movies?
“Of course not.” Steve smiled. “I’m looking after you.”
“Very,” Tony confirmed after swallowing the piece of toast. “Happy Birthday.”
Tony took a quick step forward before pouncing, a twig snapping under his paw from the step, which caused Steve to look in his direction. The alpha ducked, missing Tony’s paws by millimetres as the brown wolf flew over his head and landed just behind him. Tony let out a whine in defeat, ears dropping slightly.
“She’s going to be fine.”
“Steve?” The omega looked over at the bed, spotting the alpha lying on top. Tony couldn’t help but make a quiet whine at Steve’s sadness that had filled the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Being an omega is terrifying Steve, I’m not going to lie.” Tony bit his lip. “I’m not your ordinary omega. I don’t naturally submit to higher-ranking shifters, if they’re not in my pack or a friend, I will stand up for myself, I have done before in SI, even if it didn’t end well for me behind closed doors. I don’t comfort those who need it as an omega would, I can struggle with my emotions and feelings at times and how to handle others, but I know I can’t keep them to myself. I can only do it with people I have a connection with, who I trust and care about.  I guess it been the way I’ve been brought up. The Stark Pack was a business pack, we lived in Malibu, but we would fly out across the States and the world for business meetings. From a young age, I was independent and could look after myself to an extent, the higher-ranking wolves would be too busy to look after me, including my father. Pepper’s mum was a delta and she would look after me occasionally, but she lived next door and had her pup to care for, so I would do it myself. I’ve always been self-sufficient, one time I woke up an no one was even in the house. They came back three days later. I was eight.”
“Hello?” Steve called again before sniffing, trying to catch a scent.
The kitchen door opened, causing the pair to break apart, Steve turned to glare at the intruder. Thor was standing there looking bashful as he looked between the wolves.
Tony grinned, moving around to his other desk. “It’s a surprise. I’m hoping to pitch it later. I dropped Coulson an email and I’m just waiting for a reply.” The brunette sorted out a few papers, throwing the ones he didn’t need into the recycling bin.
“Maybe not the sex, but you’re definitely not coming back,” Bucky smirked.
Suddenly, a fiery red mop of hair popped down from the top bunk, causing the omega to jump back and curl up on the bed. Tony sniffed at the omega feline shifter.
“See. You’re getting through it. I’m proud of you Tony. You’re doing well.” Pepper smiles down at her friend.
Tony moved Clint’s quiver, so it was tucked away with the other equipment, where he found what he was looking for. He grabbed Steve’s shield, surprised at how light it was before going back up onto the main floor. He left the house, locking the door with the key he had been given and walked down the drive to the main road, so he could be picked up. The car soon arrived, and he got inside, asking the driver to take him through the Starbucks so he could get a coffee. Once Tony was dropped off at SHIELD, he made his way up to his workshop, the receptionist gave him a weird look, as not many people were around at 4 am, especially carrying a shield but not in gear.
I also gave you a tiny, tiny little sneak peek of book two.
“I owe him, a dessert is nothing. Clint might be a massive troll but he’s very sweet and kind deep down. You’re lucky to have him in your pack.” Tony whispered in reply, looking over at the archer as he talked to Natasha and Bruce. “You’re lucky to have all of them. The bond you have is amazing.”
“Calm down? I have every right to be pissed off at you. Don’t be such a dick.”
“Just going to go back to my room, watch a movie or something… I think I’ll see what Pepper is up to.” Tony shrugged, pressing the button for the elevator.
“I’ll find it! Don’t worry!”
“Do you think the omega will help you?” The alpha asked, biting his lip a bit. Bruce raised an eyebrow, suspicious at his interest in the omega.
Tony had thought about moving in for almost two weeks, weighing up the pros and cons. He spoke to his therapist and he had encouraged him to go for it. The omega had sent Steve a text that morning after his session, saying that he would be willing to move in and give it a trial run. Tony grew more worried with each passing second after the text had sent. Steve had replied and told him that he could move in whenever he wanted. The omega had asked for four more days before moving in, giving them both and the pack time to prepare. Tony was petrified.
“I-It’s still too fast. Maybe I’m just too old for him. Since the meal that happened over a week ago, I just have started to panic.”
“I’ll be okay, Pep. Thank you though.” Tony smiled up at her. “For everything. Not just for today.”
Tony nodded, in response, climbing off the bed. He could find Steve. He could be reunited with his pack now.  Fire shifted into her cheetah form, a bright golden coat with dark brown/black spots. Although she was an omega, she was nearly as tall as Steve. Cheetahs were all legs for speed.
Everyone replied with their orders Bruce nodding each time before returning to the kitchen. Most of the pack was sat back down except Steve, Bruce and Thor. Steve had brought over more chairs for everyone to sit on and the latter two were still in the kitchen. Clint had sat beside Tony, taking Bruce’s original seat, grinning at the omega. Bruce and Thor got the pack’s drinks, putting them beside everyone. Bruce sat beside Tony before Steve could, making the alpha pout.
“Thank you,” Steve said as Sam broke into the building, the blonde following the delta inside.
Pietro nodded as the two of them walked out of the room, Pietro going left where Wanda was taken earlier and Tony right, towards the control room he had been walked passed the other week. Tony sniffed, letting his nose pick up any scents, listening out for movement.
“You’re always welcome to come and watch.” Steve ran his hand up and down the omega’s side gently. Tony let out a sigh, having an internal debate with himself. The blonde opened his eyes, glancing down at the top of the omega’s head. “What’s wrong?”
“I might if he plays his cards right.” Tony shrugged, smiling almost innocently up at the archer.
“You do blow yourself up a lot,” Clint commented.
“You.”
“Shit, Steve.” Tony shook his head. “This isn’t your fault. I was the one to initiate the texting. I was the one to make it go further. I took it one step further in the kitchen. You were just responding to what I was giving. It isn’t your fault, none of this is. It’s mine for being fucked up in here.” The omega pointed to his head, letting go of Steve’s hand.
“Yeah, I could use a drink, or ten.”
“Probably.”
“Actually, I was wrong. He might find your body. Such a shame that the Captain would lose both his pretty little omega and his pups. It might just be the break we need to take over SHIELD.”
“I’m fine. I can handle myself.” The omega huffed. “Thank you though.”
“But what blue one?” The brunette groaned, dropping his phone onto the bed as he looked over at his outfit choices for tonight.
“Yeah, and we knew you’d like it.” The female omega smiled over at Rhodey. “Didn’t we James?” The alpha only nodded in response, smiling back at her.
“I’ll do any -wait -you’re letting me go?”
Tony knew the name. SHIELD had been trying to take HYRDA down for some time now. Steve had led many missions for the pack to try and take down their bases. They had hundreds across the country, let alone in others.
“Or a hot blonde.” Sam snorted.
Steve continued to feed Tony, making sure the omega ate most things on the tray, as he would need if after his heat. Once Tony was done, he managed to convince Steve to let him come downstairs, assuring the alpha that he was fine. Steve stayed close to Tony as they walked downstairs, the blonde taking the tray into the kitchen as Tony went into the living room.
Tony looked over to the car keys hanging up on their hooks. “Order an Uber for me, please, J.” The omega made his way down to the basement.
“Oww! What the hell, Clint?” Bruce hissed, rubbing at his leg.
“A bit?” Nat scoffed, looking at Clint before turning to Bucky, eyebrow raised. “You’re one to talk anyway, Barnes.”
“Come on.” Tony grabbed a hold of Bruce who was standing in the hallway and tugged him out of the door. “We have to go now.”
The quinjet landed just down from where the pack village was located. Clint lowered down the doors so everyone could leave.
“That bad, huh?” Fire spoke up, pushing her hair out from her eyes. She hated how fast her hair grew, always preferring to have short hair as it was so much easier to handle.
“Whipped.” Clint coughed out as Thor spooned pasta into his bowl. “Oww! Fuck off, Bruce.”
Steve wrapped an arm around the omega, holding him close. “I do love you, Tony.”
“Ah, the famous Miss Potts. It’s nice to finally meet you. Tony talks about you a lot.” Steve grinned, taking the female’s hand and shaking it. “Steve Rogers.”
“I said I would spend lunch with Loki today. It is approaching noon and I would like to be washed and changed before then.”
“Don’t fucking remind me, Tasha. I can’t even go near the top floor bathroom. That door should have been locked.”
“That explosion was you, wasn’t it?” Sam asked.
“Nothing nearly as important as making sure the pack will be safe.”
Tony winced, hand coming to rub at the back of his neck, the pain as if he had just been stung. His hand touched something fluffy, much bigger than a bee or wasp. Tony furrowed his eyebrows as he tried to grab it, but it seemed like he couldn’t. The omega became lightheaded, swaying a little in his seat. He was unable to stand, body beginning to fall on its side as his vision started to deteriorate until everything went to black.
The alpha looked at the delta at his side, who nodded before the two of them headed to the building. As soon as they were close, Steve paused, sniffing. It was Tony’s scent. It was so faint like he had been there hours ago, only briefly. He followed the trail which led him to a van. Steve used his shield to bust the door open. This is where the omega’s scent was strongest, but it was empty.
“What did you think about, huh? When you looked at me in paper stars and stripes and just wanted me in your bed sheets?” He goaded and he maintained a firm pressure against Tony’s twitching erection under his palm.
“Yes,” Tony replied, not surprised that Peter was clever enough to accurately glean his intentions. “I haven’t found any more loose ends that we weren’t already aware of, but I only have the footage of the Tower. If Nebula found anything, she would have said. I suppose I could look through Shield records, too, but as far as we can tell everything went back the way it had originally been. Other than Loki - which might have corrected itself,
“We did,” he confirmed and Steve’s expression grew heated once more. He drew closer, pressing his stiff cock against Tony’s lower stomach.
- why on Earth Captain America has been avoiding little old me and frankly I’m-” Tony swallowed, forcing his tongue against the back of his teeth and pursing his lips. All at once, the hurt he hadn’t let himself process jammed into the back of his throat. Perhaps he should have waited, instead of running in with all guns blazing alongside the caffeine tremors. JARVIS would have told him to wait. He grimaced, self-deprecatingly, and squared his jaw. “Well, I’m a little lost, Steve.”
-” Tony pleaded, groaning as his hands slipped over Steve’s chest. A new wave of possession took over Steve and he found he very much enjoyed the way Tony begged. Would his-...?
When he had set FRIDAY up she was a baby, shiny and new, with access to all the technical data of the time, but lacking when it came to all the learned knowledge that JARVIS had collected and written protocols for over the years. Finding the files that had been destroyed when JARVIS (and later, Vision) was killed wouldn’t necessarily bring JARVIS back, but for FRIDAY it would be like finding her deceased dojo master’s diary and learning his old secrets. Right now she was a brilliant A.I., but she didn’t know the team - or Tony - as JARVIS had. Finding some of those files would jump-start the process.
They’d forgiven each other, called a truce, defeated the big bad monster… But they had been through a lot of shit and Tony totally got it if he stirred up some painful memories for the super-soldier. It would be selfish for him to try and rush Steve through his recovery process. It didn’t mean he liked it, but he got it. They weren't friends, not right now. Tony could deal with that. No biggie.
“Braggart,” Tony muttered once the portal was closed and sparks danced over his shoes, only half-serious. He kicked the twinkles away. Beside him, Thor snorted his amusement and Tony winked up at him.
He was spiralling.
Tony didn’t have the memory of being alone in his workshop, because that wasn’t what had happened in the timeline he lived.
“Naked. You need to be naked- five minutes ago,” Tony said, riding haphazardly against Steve's body.
In another universe, maybe the mission failed. Stuck in the 70s, would they have found peace with each other without this pain?
He slumped, kicking off the sheets that had overheated him. They twisted around his ankles, but the cool air on his body was a timely answered prayer. The weight pinning him down moved higher and revealed itself as Steve's broad arm wrapped securely around his waist. He tucked Tony neatly against the side of his pectorals. From this refuge, Tony’s bright eyes searched Steve’s face in the dark, but with barely enough light in the room to consider casting a shadow, Steve seemed impassive with slumber. If not for the way he turned his head to touch his lips to Tony’s temple, Tony might have assumed he imagined Steve’s move to secure his hold in the wake of his early-morning discombobulation.
The top floor had been renovated into a hangar (for Carol, the Guardians, and anybody else with a quinjet and clearance); the second floor was Tony’s; the ground floor was communal. The many basement levels were for the team, topped with artificial windows, private kitchens, fully outfitted gym, the works. The very last level - which was almost a whole block wide underground - was where Tony kept everything they’d salvaged from their last Headquarters and storage facilities, along with a few extra projects of his own.
“Shit,” Tony said as Steve’s cock was freed. He was fully hard and the weight of his shaft made his erection bob heavily, parallel to the floor. “Shit,” he repeated and pulled himself free of his trousers with a sense of urgency, squeezing harshly at the base of his own prick for a moment before he let go with a violent smack as the hard length hit his stomach. "This is going to be good," he grinned.
” Tony repeated with a breathless laugh.
Presently, he, Thor, and Steve arrived back at the Mansion while the sun was still up. Golden light poured across the lawn and cast a healthy honey glow over their drawn faces. The house was quiet when they entered, but not silent, and that was what mattered.
he thought with a wry sense of resignation, his eyes sliding over to trace the man’s profile. It's not like it would be the first time Cap came to him in a dream in times of need.
Tony looked up and Strange was smirking so he laughed and remembered their shared love of cars; sadness for this near-stranger replaced by friendly recognition. "That's a damn shame. You should've dropped in sooner; I think I have a spare or two in storage somewhere. Canary yellow with your name on it."
“I can’t even stay mad at you, because I’d already gotten over it. You didn’t want me back then and I got that, I moved on. You know how I do. But-
“Good - yes. Good idea,” Steve said, breathless again and the head of his cock rubbed against Tony’s lower lip. His slick glistened against the red of his delicate skin and he felt himself throb in Tony's grip. He groaned as he was enveloped in the sloppy wet heat and experimentally thrust forwards, deeper down Tony’s throat. He could feel the head of his cock through layers of skin and muscle against his palm.
Tony sighed, nuzzling against Steve’s chest fondly. “Honestly it’s fine, I was on my way to find you regardless. I didn’t have
Tony met Peter’s gaze and nodded as resolutely as he could muster, “I’ll talk to him.”
But Steve
“Yeah, come on. I want your come all over my dick, I want to be covered in it,” he panted, too aroused to be sure of what he was saying. He might’ve felt shame, but he knew Steve got off on his talking before and hoped he would enjoy it equally in the present. “Just like last time, that’s it.”
They had played this game before. Not this position (no, that was all Steve’s imagining), nor this arrangement: usually Steve was the one begging, strung out after his sixth orgasm with the seventh in the palm of Tony’s hand. Tony liked to watch him turn into a mess of sweat and come, so he understood intimately what Steve felt like when he released a breathy sob, clenching with an unspoken demand around his cock. Powerful, yes, definitely that. And so much love, too.
Tony shook his head incredulously, eyes wild and panting. "JARVIS, make a note: super strength, major turn on."
That bought him a chuckle and Tony couldn't help but feel pleased. He had always felt pleased around Strange, that much he could remember, while stumbling into bed and chatting about their day afterwards, casual, sweaty and sated.
Steve smiled, his eyes warm and glazed still from sleep, not fully open. He rolled over and tucked his hand up under his head, exposing the bulge of his bicep and the gorgeous lines of muscles from his chest to his waist. His nipple was a pretty pink in the light of day, Tony noted. “Hi there. Have you been up long?”
Steve kept his eyes closed and Tony knew that if he said nothing, the other man would go back to pretending to be asleep. He let his heart fall to 100bpm, then spoke to the ceiling. "I've been trying to get JARVIS back. Sort of. That's how I found out. He was there recording the whole time. I don't know if he even consciously knew... He would have told me."
“And that is why you’ll take over as head of R&D before you hit twenty-five,” Tony smirked and threw his paper ball at him. Peter caught the projectile mid-arc with a web and drew it into his hand. Cheater. "Now run along and interrogate Captain America for Avengers-classified information,
When Steve touched him, he didn't startle.
"I do," He agreed (easily, like breathing) and walked the last few feet across the room to stand within Tony's personal space. Stood this close he couldn't help but notice how small the other man seemed out of his suit. Normally Tony’s personality preceded him, filling the room with charisma and arrogance, hiding how vulnerable he could be if he let anyone near enough to look past the armour. Tony licked his lower lip, excited but wary, ready to misdirect depending on Steve’s move. "Maybe I need a fella with experience to help me out in this brave new world. Someone I can trust, someone who has my back... Know a guy like that, Tony?"
). It was both flashy
Tony took a few long gulps until the water was half empty, then threw the bottle aside. When Steve kissed him again his lips were cool and refreshed in contrast to the warmth of their bodies.
He wondered if Strange had fucked off to the doughnut-dimension and made a mental note to ask him another time; if there
“How’s our newest resident god doing?” he asked and subtly drew his glasses back down to the bridge of his nose so he could check the time.
He moaned as he felt Tony swallow beneath his fingers, around his shaft, and he couldn’t help the needy twitch of his hips forcing his cock ever so slightly deeper. Then Tony pulled off, slightly breathless, spit clinging to his lips and Steve’s glistening cock. He worried for a moment that he had hurt Tony, but the other man took his hand and ushered him closer.
my parents - and why would you? You had no idea how much that betrayal, from
than it was to
“Yes. I want you to decide when,” Steve replied firmly and Tony really was enjoying this whole being-on-the-same-side thing.
Steve ducked his head and laughed. A pleased warmth like sunlight marking a new day settled in his gut when he heard Tony join him.
then we’re getting married right now so I can divorce you for being an idiot. And yes, I’m talking about your body. And yes, I’m talking about your mind and your heart, too. You’re my whole package, babe.”
Tony’s brow was furrowed a little, his mouth slack as he luxuriated in the stretch of penetration and the position allowed Steve to slip deeper, deeper so the sharp juts of his hip bones were digging into Tony’s thighs. He rolled his hips into Tony's, his cock so large he couldn't avoid his prostate with his needy little thrusts.
“You said to come over!” Peter accused, literally pointing the finger. “We were going to strength test the arm! FRI said you were upset, I figured it might be the arm o-or you said you had that crappy meeting planned today and honestly I would be pretty stres-”
This Tony soothed his heartache, showed him what could have been, and helped him make peace with all of his mistakes. And Steve still needed to atone and made amends with the Tony of the future, if it was at all possible.
“Rhodes said-”
brought it up-”
“Never say never,” Tony replied and broke away with a chuckle, pushing Steve back with a pat to his chest. He stood, wobbling as his weak knees shook under his weight. “Hoo, that’s nice. My meeting tomorrow morning is going to be interesting, I can tell you that.” He pointed to the far side of the workshop. “There’s a shower through that door. It’s got sixteen settings.”
Not one, but two dripping fingers plunged inside his body, coaxing and demanding entrance, and all at once nothing else mattered anymore. The party, Strange, it was all secondary to this. The only thing Tony could focus on was the sudden brutal -
Maybe that was why Steve had been so awkward during the past few months; maybe he knew somehow that Tony still remembered - knew that his plan to steal the memory from him hadn’t worked.
“That’s right,” Steve said, voice rumbling, and the words oozed like honey down Tony’s spine. “I’ve got you. I won’t let you fall.”
A pause.
Most often it found him after particularly brutal missions or days spent apart without one another warming the bed and Steve needed to reassure himself of what he had not lost. In his vulnerability, he stood taller, stronger, and took care of Tony (warm baths, hand feeding, prostate milking) as though regaining that little bit of control reminded him of the steadfast nature of their relationship. Sometimes there was no rhyme or reason and Steve barked out an order and Tony would happily fall to his knees to follow the fun. Everybody liked being taken care of, but nobody more than Tony - and just his luck, Steve loved doting on him.
“You’re an Avenger now!” Tony urged. If Spidey was on the case, he wouldn’t have to think about any of it. He would just have to wait for Steve to crumble from guilt and come find him. A perfectly adult solution to a sticky situation. “Mostly. In all the ways that count. It’ll be good for you to get some practice in.”
It could’ve been bad.
“No,” Tony bit out, frustrated. He chewed the side of his thumb. He thought of the footage of his past self (his original-self?) hunched over his worktable, isolated and fearful.
Annoyingly, he couldn’t remember which Tony Stark-approved wild stories from the mid-2000s involved Strange.
“I vaguely -
"Oh sugar, don't you worry about that. Whatever age I am, whatever age you are, I would always have said yes... Are you kiddin' me?" Tony said, his voice light and strained with exhaustion. He might’ve been going into shock; was everything supposed to be cold and numb? He shook his head to fight off the echo in his ears and looked across at the other man. "At any point in this process, you could've said something. Even if we had never fucked back then, I'm sure the original version of me felt the same way about us as I do. You could have said something to him. Me. But you didn't."
Now more than ever, Tony wanted to be
“Say JARVIS, keep the recordings of the workshop footage today. I wager we could make a million selling Captain America and Iron Man’s first sex tape.” Tony said, smug and breathless from his orgasm.
Tony was sick, very sick, but he would recover. The foreign alien medicine Captain Marvel gave him helped his strength and his living nightmare was finally over. He could rest. He could live life for the sake of living again.
He stared at the scarred skin and waited for panic-induced stupidity to melt away; the room was lightless because he no longer had a reactor-cum-nightlight residing in his body.
, Steve thought. Perhaps refusing to live with Tony all those years ago had been for the best; he wasn't sure he would have survived a week if accepting the offer might have lead to a steady trust and vivacious sex-life.
When the tremors subsided to trembles and the occasional stubborn shudder, Tony hooked his ankle around Steve’s and let gravity coax him to fall by his side on the mattress. They faced each other and sweet kisses turned to shared breaths, brows resting against one another.
Tony had been happy to sit that one out. Call him when it was at least a seven on the scale of
“Yes, come on,” he urged and spread himself further because he knew this was Steve’s compromise. Steve, who loved the idea of a traffic-light system, but never asked Tony what colour he felt because - to Tony - the colours were always a mood killer.
“Again,” he said, “You’re certain these aren’t just two different, but weirdly coincidental, days?”
He asked the god one stormy day why he had left the Guardians and Thor had replied with a long stretch of silence, only the patter of rain on the windows and clash of heavy clouds above filled it.
“Can’t I just want a minute alone with my fiancé?” Steve said, low and surprising Tony by nudging him back against the house’s exterior wall.
, Tony wanted to blow something up. He glanced consideringly at the pen-pot again but decided the commotion wouldn’t be worth it. He reached for his phone to discreetly text Happy when Steve caught his eyes from across the table beside Danvers.
He seemed easy-going, but Steve knew that his answer was a lie and not a very good one. The appearance of Loki and the battle were the beginnings of Tony’s PTSD, but he let the other man deflect. It would only start a fight if he pressured Tony when he wasn't ready. And -
“Well, what are you waiting for? If you’ve had breakfast suit up, if not: get a protein bar for the trip because you’re coming anyway; we need all the eyes we can get,” Steve barked, resulting in a swift emptying of the kitchen as a few members followed Thor’s path out of the window while the rest took the usual path to the armoury and flight deck above the Mansion. He stood and Tony stepped out of the way to clear a path.
“Trust me, trust this,” he begged, too honest and raw. He felt exposed, but that in itself was erotic because he was confident he knew what Steve was going to say back.
He just hoped it wasn’t another pissed off Killian-type out for blood. Now
Steve had left them to it with an awkward goodbye, feeling very much out of place. After Ultron, the Accords, Siberia... Their fledgeling friendship had been beaten bloody. Thanos had brought them together as a team again, but it could never be the same. They had their trust back - shaky and tender, easy to bruise, painful to hold - but Steve had lost the privilege of the other man's companionship. He couldn't blame Tony either; Steve knew fully that he did not deserve his friendship. They were back to teammates and he could live with that. Just knowing that Tony was alive, recovering, and didn't look at him with eyes full of rage - or worse,
Once he was up and about, Tony and the team were so tremendously busy trying to fix everything going on in the world that he barely saw anyone beyond shared meetings and passing over the Mansion threshold.
When they finally made their way into the kitchen, the majority of the gang was there and in reasonably good spirits. Steve entered ahead of him and found his seat at the table. He lounged with his arm across the back of the chair before greeting everyone with a
“You weren’t so bad yourself. You worked really well in the team and stepped up when we needed you,” Steve replied sincerely and recalled how skilled Tony had been in battle, despite being self-taught through YouTube and Wikipedia. Steve leaned against the doorframe, arms crossed over his chest as he admired the man stood surrounded in vaguely organised chaos.
Tony shook his head. "I’m not letting you out of my sight. You might do something foolhardy like decide we’re better off apart and, Captain, I didn’t grow all this grey hair for you to run out on me again now."
Shortly after, he announced it to the team personally. He couldn't bear the thought of explaining himself to them all individually, so he sent an unscripted holo-message in a mass email -
He let the footage play the whole way through this time. He watched Steve enter the workshop and leave sometime later, just as Tony remembered. His past self returned to gather the Mark VII from the floor, a pep in his step, while his other self of the second footage slept hunched over the armour, exhausted and alone.
“You can beg all you want, Tony, but you’re not coming until we’re home in our bed together,” Steve said, his voice remarkably steady. Beneath the words, Tony heard another wet sound and felt the chill of lube pouring between his cheeks. Steve rubbed his hand over his behind, slicking up the crack of his ass and his palm until they both glistened.
that we know. All,
He had offered Barnes a home at the Mansion, but the sergeant had left for Wakanda. He claimed that it was his happy place and Tony couldn't blame him. With all that tech, Wakanda was his happy place too. Barnes returned to the Mansion once a month to visit Steve and even joined the team on the occasional renegade roundup. Tony made a habit of talking to the guy at least once per visit. Sometimes it was a few one-liners in passing, but now and then they'd have a session with B.A.R.F. or compared arms. Consequently, Tony began to get to know the man as a person - not a sepia stained sidekick, not a whispered legend, not a cold murderer, but just Barnes.
"You're perfect," Steve praised, riding one hand under Tony's shirt to feel the hot sweat-damp skin of his spine. Then let go of Tony's wrist and pressed a kiss to the thumb-shaped red patch of skin on the inside of his palm. Steve removed himself next, vacating Tony’s body for mere seconds before a blunt bulb filled the space. It settled in until the flat base of the plug nestled between his cheeks. It was small, just ballooned enough to be noticeable, and did nothing to satisfy the emptiness.
"Not yet," he said, voice wet and painful in his throat. He half-turned away from Steve and held the notebook up to show him,
- to sit by in comfort, to pass him water and hold his hand, but that wasn't what friends did. And it wasn't what 'just teammates' did, either. Instead, Steve had paced anxiously and demanded updates from F.R.I.D.A.Y and Carol whenever the twist in his gut became unbearable - right up until Tony had been declared conscious and stable.
Tony thought and threw his head back with a joyous laugh as Steve lifted him up onto his hips. Steve supported his entire weight and kissed him fiercely, taking over, taking back what was his, and Tony melted into it; more than happy to have all of that passion directed his way. His legs wrapped around Steve’s waist with practised familiarity and he clung onto the meat of his lover’s shoulders as he was ground back into the scrape of the brick wall.
“He said you and-” Steve nodded his head in the direction of downstairs to the party and Tony followed his gaze with confusion. When he looked back there was that blush again, a darker rouge now beneath the shadows. “Used to- You know. Together. A lot.”
* * *
The tense crease between Steve's brows deepened as he hesitantly tilted his head. "What would he have said?"
“Dunno,” Peter replied with a casual shrug and placed down two steaming bowls of mac and cheese. It wasn’t the box kind - and not fancy enough to be Wilson’s - so Peter must have gone to the effort to make it himself.
He redirected his attention to a bead of dew slowly rolling down the side of his glass to pool around its base, most likely to leave an unsightly ring mark on the table. The water reflected the light of the artificial beams above them and the large floor-to-ceiling windows to the outside. He wondered if it was cold; if it would taste like the water he was used to.
He stretched out one hand to trace the bloom of colour when Steve caught his wrist and pinned it to the wall beside his head, leaving his arm akimbo. Hot like a knife, arousal sliced through Tony’s lower belly as his other wrist joined the first and again Tony was reminded of the power hidden below the soft caress of Steve’s thumb over his skin. He knew exactly how much PSI would be needed to snap his wrists and he precisely how much
Clint, looking rather hung-over with his feet up on the table, looked between them with a frown before almost toppling from his seat. He seemed to immediately catch on to the change in atmosphere between the two of them. “Oh shit. Oh
“No,” Steve said, frowning as if Tony had spat on his boots. Still not on the same page, then. Tony ran his lips over Steve’s soothingly and the other man broke away to elaborate, “When Rhodey said- what he said, something came over me and I needed to step in. It’s ridiculous, truthfully; I just didn’t like him so close to you. It wasn’t right for me to interrupt you like that.”
Once they were dry and warm back in the workshop - Tony redressed in spare clean clothes, Steve back in the garments that had been discarded to the floor - he reached out for Tony. He made to take his hand, then took his shoulder and squeezed the muscle there kindly. He needed to say something, to explain, but where to start?
had fucked up getting the Tesseract when it was a matter of life or death.
“I’ll be back for you later,” Steve warned playfully. He lingered, clearly debating with himself before he put both hands to Tony’s jaw and drew him into a kiss that stole time neither of them could afford to waste. “Get to the ship and for the love of God don’t let them send any aircraft in or the geese might get ideas. You stay cloaked. We’ll go with formation J, but that could change so eyes up.”
Maybe the distance between them was Tony’s fault. What if he had said what he had meant to say the day Steve left for the past,
“Well. What do you want to do? Good cop, bad cop?” Peter joked.
More often than not Tony could be found among his bots designing new tech for the team. Not in an:
Instead, Steve back then had had no knowledge that they slept together and still judged Tony to be wanting.
“God,” He groaned, voice guttural in his chest. Tony’s hand joined his and Steve let him take over to stroke him through the aftershocks to softness, comfortable from the warm regard.
Steve’s thrusts picked up a fiercer, more controlled edge, and Tony deliriously wondered if the man was aware he liked to take orders in the bedroom. The thought didn’t last for long; every roll of their hips dragged the lengths of their pricks together, friction sparking a distracting heat that made Tony arch and twist.
Kissing Steve was like a balm over a half-healed wound, soothing and kind, without a sting. A gentle press of lips, neither one taking more than was offered, something small and special shared between them. Tony sighed into the kiss as Steve's mouth moved softly against his like he was cherishing the moment.
While this was a common enough occurrence in their relationship that the intermission on the balcony wasn’t at all a shocker to Tony, pinning him to the wall in a semi-public place, kissing him breathless -
“Yeah, I’m still trying to figure that one out,” he trailed off, waving a hand. He didn’t want to know the truth behind Fury and Carol’s friendship; it was much more entertaining to make stuff up. His current favourite hypothesis was that she helped him get out of a drunken Vegas marriage and they took the road trip of a lifetime together to get back home. “Doesn’t matter, I’ll leave him hangin’ next time. Toodaloo.”
"So you did. You came back," Thor laughed, disbelief turning the sound brittle as he clutched at his brother's shoulders in a strong grip lest the trickster disappeared again. “You’re back.”
He was grateful that Tony was handling the situation so well because his past-self definitely wasn’t going to proposition Tony anytime soon. Not at all, in fact, if Steve remembered correctly. He felt guilt-ridden, too, because he had taken this moment while aware his past self was never going to offer this same love to Tony again. He had stolen this out of time moment from the universe completely selfishly. He felt ashamed most of all, knowing he was still undeserving of this Tony's kind regard. What he had done - what they had done to each other - they were still going to do. The fight and hostility weren't going away and he hadn't earned Tony's forgiveness - this kind of intimacy - yet.
“Apologies for my interruption,” said Steve and the tone of his voice
"Oh, yeah? I can read you like a book," Tony drawled, quirking his brows - hoping the super-soldier could appreciate the action in the dark - before dropping his head to mouth at Steve's throat again. Struck by curiosity, he bit down and sucked a mark there. A shaken inhalation was Tony’s reward, shortly followed by a hand that cupped one buttock and hefted him closer. Tony smiled and continued until - on a normal person - the bruise would be large enough to rival the after-effects of a solid punch delivered by his new right hand. He licked over the mark he couldn’t catch enough light to see.
twenty-twelve, or the Time Heist?”
Tony raised a brow curiously.
Then, he had felt owned - possessed - but not in a way that was caging. It was nothing like Obie or Ten Rings. Even now, as Steve’s spunk covered his cock and wayward pubic hair, and he felt
Tony swallowed past a lump and forced himself to continue along that train of thought.
Steve's jaw was tense, his hands clasped around the knot holding his robe together at his waist. It was a tell: he was uncomfortable, but not defensive. It was just a coping strategy and Tony had plenty of experience with those. Tony's hand shook like it was glitching around the notebook he had commandeered. He took a breath.
"Brother," Thor said, his voice choked and Tony knew there were tears in his eyes. His chubby hands held Loki's gaunt aquamarine face, thumbs erratically stroking the line of his cheeks, then through his limp black hair as he begged, "Brother, I'd say this was your most cruel trick, but were you truly alive to play it I would care not."
Bruce was up, transforming and charging out of the room before Tony could stand.
He would have to ask Strange, but Tony really couldn’t face that man’s smug smile right now.
It didn’t add up. Time had been rewritten without logic. Only three or so hours of it, but their past had undoubtedly been changed.
for. Seriously, where the hell was Rhodey when you needed him?
Not long after, Thor had returned earlier than expected from his trip with the Guardians, armed with an axe and a laugh that trembled. He did not smell strongly of alcohol, but Tony could see his ache for the bottle. He offered Thor a home, a place among the negotiations, a shoulder to cry on, and the best grief counsellor money could buy.
With that permission, Steve shuddered against him again, dragging the length of his cock against the base of Tony’s and come poured out of his tip. His grip didn’t soften and his gasps descended to a shuddering inhale and low, broken noises within the realm of sobs. Tony’s chest ached at the sound, but it was good. It felt like love as he tangled both sets of fingers more securely into Steve’s hair, just over the nape of his neck, and pull him into a bruising kiss. He held fast, kissing for all he was worth and rolling his body to meet each inexorable thrust until Steve came a third time, falling to his elbow, and spreading a pooling mess all over Tony’s belly.
“JARVIS, turn the music up will you please?” Tony asked.
“Never have I ever… Um..” The redhead male furrowed his eyebrows, Tony tried to remember his name, but It wasn’t coming. “Had sex in public?” A blush spread across his cheeks. One again Tony was the only one to drink.
“You can call me Peggy, dear.”
“You’re so smart, you know that, right?” Tony grinned, picking up his mug of coffee.
“No, like, how are you just running around with guns?”
“Mr Stark, I was coming to see you later.” The female alpha addressed him.
“Anything else?” She asked, collecting the menus.
“Okay, here we go. So, we’ve been courting for some time, right. Like, what, three weeks now? I guess we never really put a date on it, it just happened.” Tony started, thinking about how he could continue this. Steve nodded, pausing from his ice cream to look at Tony. “I just want you to know that I care about you, Steve. So much. I am not ending what’s between us, I don’t want that to happen at all. But if you want to, after this conversation, then I will respect your wishes.” Steve gave a confused look, but the omega continued with a shaky breath before the alpha could say anything. “I had a panic attack this morning in the workshop. I had locked the doors so no one could get in. Bruce had called Pepper and she managed to get me to open the door so she could help me through it. I used to have them a lot growing up and she would always help me.”
Steve carried the picnic basket in one hand, Tony’s in the other as they walked up through the woods. Steve had suggested a picnic date out in the woods, where they were before, and while Tony thought it was incredibly cheesy, he didn’t say no to the alpha’s idea.
Walking inside, the group waited at the podium for a table before a waiter led them to one. Tony immediately collapsed on a seat, glaring at the archer that made them walk halfway across the city. The waiter asked for their drink order, three out of the four going for alcohol before leaving them be to look at the food.
Steve rubbed his head against the omega’s side. “Hungry?” He asked as he pulled away. Tony let out a whine but nodded. He wanted to groom the alpha too and made his point by licking over the golden fur on Steve’s side. “After we’ve eaten.” The alpha stepped back from the omega. “Stay here. I’ll get us something.”
“W-what?”
“Steve?” Tony asked the blonde humming in response. “What if our twins weren’t the only ones in our pack?”
The brunette snorted. “A hot, young, male alpha like him interested in me? Next joke, Pepper.”
“I’ll google it… What’s the place called?” Tony asked, taking out his phone.
“Tony was telling me about the trouble he got into while you guys were in MIT.” Tyler smiled over at Rhodey.
Tony looked up again, Loki had shifted now into a snow leopard. His fluffy fur was dark, his back covered mainly in black spots that trailed down his tail, legs and up and around his head, underbelly white. He climbed up onto a tree and onto a branch, narrowly avoiding Thor who was now chasing Sam. Loki’s long tail curled up and around him, flicking slightly as he watched Sam and Thor play.
“You know, I think I prefer Katniss.”
“Things are going too fast between us.” Tony sighed. “The pack is amazing, he’s amazing, but I’m scared, Pepper.”
“Why were you arguing over the menu then?” Bruce asked.
“Out of all the irresponsible things you’ve done, sneaking out in the middle of the night to the area where you were previously kidnapped takes the cake!”
"So the experiment failed?"
“I’m sorry Steve.” Peggy gave the blonde a sad look. Nick Fury had refused to give any more help to
“Yeah, maybe I can get some sleep now.” Sam huffed.
Tony could probably make his own, but the alpha was offering to get him one, so he was just going to roll with that instead. Tony only nodded in response, looking up at Steve as soon as the helmet was off and slipped his glasses back on. The two walked into the restaurant, Tony spotting Pepper and Rhodey over at a table and gently pulling the alpha over to them.
“Do… Do you want it to be my room?” Steve asked hesitantly, glancing at the omega. Tony stopped in his tracks, making the alpha do the same. Tony’s eyes softened as he looked at the blonde, the alpha looking so nervous and un-alpha like.
“You’re a weirdo you know that?”
“It’s locked but I’m sure I can smell someone inside.”
Tony opened one eye, daring to look at the beta. Bucky was running around, tail wagging like mad. It had worked, just as he hoped. The arm had shifted along with the rest of Bucky’s body, allowing the wolf to have four legs again. The beta tripped, but his tail still wagged as he got up. Tony let out his breath before laughing, Bucky bounding over to him. The beta let out a howl, tail still wagging like mad.
“Did you want to get ice cream?” Steve asked after Pepper had gone.
Steve let out a sigh. “Loki, what movie do you want to watch?”
“Yes please.” Tony nodded, pulling down his shirt. “Yeah, I’m going to talk to Steve when I get home and we can arrange things.
Steve managed to get back to the car without making another fool out of himself or losing any of the three drunk wolves. Natasha and Clint started to argue over the passenger seat before the alpha cut in, fed up of the two already.
Tony groaned, opening his eyes partly before squeezing them shut again. His head was pounding, and his ears were ringing. He didn’t know how long he had been out for. He assumed it was for quite some time. He definitely wasn’t in the park anymore.
“No, go on. I’ve heard it all before. Let it all out.”
Tony had been trialling different designs all morning, trying to get them perfect. It had taken him longer than he would like to admit but he blames it on being out of the zone for too long.
The alpha searched the house, calling out to see if there were any survivors at all. It wasn’t the first time he had been on a rescue mission, but it didn’t mean it made it any easier. People were still hurt, killed, and there was nothing Steve could do to change that now.
“We know every registered omega in this country. Part of our policy is to protect lone omegas that have left their pack or been abandoned by them.” The human explains, taking out a small key-card from his desk. “You will get to stay here, and you will work for SHIELD. We don’t keep you here at ransom, you can leave if you wish it. But this is a one time offer, Mr Stark. We will give you 24 hours to think it over.” Agent Coulson explains, placing the card on the desk. “This will take you around most places in the building, including your room.”
“Nickname. Not code name, idiot.” Sam rolled his eyes.
Bruce spent time playing games on his phone while he waited for Clint to arrive. Tony was still fast asleep, head on the delta’s chest, his arm around his waist and a leg tangled between the other wolf’s. Hearing the door open, Bruce put down his phone to look over as Clint walked into the room and was partly-surprised to see Natasha walk in behind him. They did do almost everything together, so it shouldn’t have surprised him that much that the redhead would come along too. Both assassins looked from Bruce to the sleeping omega and then back to Bruce, completely in sync.
“You look so hot like this,” Tony said. He was panting and struggled to maintain eye contact as every thrust forced him further up the table and Steve felt as though he had been struck by a bolt of electricity; it seemed as though Tony was looking depths of his soul. He wanted to hide but couldn't look away. “Like I’m the fucking mission; like you need to make me come even if it kills you.”
Blissfully Steve was true to his word and kept quiet, patient.
He promptly tuned back out again.
“Your cologne…” Steve murmured to himself, breathing in deeply. “I’ve not stopped thinking about you, about that day. Whenever I saw you I thought of us. I never thought I’d have anything like this with you again.”
And boy, did Tony get that. Ever since the New York invasion he had waited for the next encounter, the next fight. He had clawed and fought to protect his world and when it was finally through, he didn’t feel much like celebrating.
They were getting back to that; a team that was closer to
Discovering the duplicate footage in JARVIS's banks of the day they had infiltrated the Tower was not surprising. Rather than recording over what had already happened, JARVIS must have recorded both events simultaneously, even as time was being rewritten. Honestly, Tony had no idea that JARVIS had been able to transcend the time-continuum like that. He gave himself a mental pat on the back.
"Jay-" he gasped, tearing the neckline of his top downwards, ripping fabric with titanium fingers to get at his sternum. It was unnervingly bare, exaggeratedly expanding and falling concave without regard for his preference on the matter.
- recall someone implying something about needing a teacher. Seems like you’re doing just fine on your own,” Tony murmured. He was briefly silent, biting his lip as Steve pressed a finger inside him before his chatter started up, fire effectively stoked. “Oh yeah, you just had to be fucking good at this as well, didn’t you? Fuck I’m never going to stop thinking about your fingers up my ass. You’re going to be off punching Nazi’s and I’ll watch the updates wondering if you’d have the nerve to fist me. Another, come on, Rogers.”
He supported the team financially and legally. He gave them shelter, tech and knowledge. If it came down to it (if another Killian, Ultron, or Thanos picked a fight) Iron Man would step up, but the most exciting thing that happened in the past month was a car-sized slug sliming the streets of The Bronx.
At the dawn of Steve’s forthcoming departure, Tony had wanted to give it voice:
"I love you," Steve returned between kisses, his hands running soothingly up and down the curve of Tony's back and the grazed skin of his stomach.
“Hey Cap,” he called, voice playful. Steve looked to him around Thor and Tony wasn’t baiting him, honest. “Tell Fury to answer my messages, yeah? He sure bugged me enough times about it.”
- was enough for Steve. At least, that was what he told himself.
He checked his phone:
Even though Tony had given him back the shield and they had called their truce, Steve knew it wasn't his place to wait by Tony's bedside as he recovered, no matter how much he wanted to. He had wanted -
but that was to be permitted. He minded it his allotted and perfectly budgeted amount.
it was his way of telling him that he had forgiven Tony for the mess they made of the Avengers together and the hurt they caused each other. He got that. They didn't talk about it. On some levels, they didn't need to. And it had taken Tony a tick longer to get there, but inevitably, he had forgiveness for Steve too.
As Barnes was an acquaintance now and Tony didn't want to rock the boat, he nodded at Steve.
The original plan for the Mansion had been to reserve the three floors of the building to the team’s living spaces and public appearances, while the many basement levels would secret away sensitive data and storage. As luck would have it, it turned out that they had a lot more Avengers than physical data.
For now, Tony shut his eyes and slept.
huh? Flattery will get you everywhere,” Tony mused with a teasing lilt to his voice. He was freshly showered and simultaneously using both his phone and Steve’s abandoned StarkPad he had found in the living room. He leaned down to kiss Steve and suddenly everything was normal; as if they had been friends forever and fucking just as long. “Hello.”
Steve looked away with his brow furrowed and angry, somehow deep in thought at a time like this. Steve looked like he was gearing up for a fight, but something shifted and now he relaxed his stance into a stoic position. He looked back and searched Tony's tumultuous features - calculating, cataloguing - then he met Tony’s furious gaze full-on, not shying away, and a wave of silent understanding seemed to pass between them. The same understanding that had been shared outside the facility when Tony returned to him the vibranium shield.
- you didn’t know and I did. You slept with me once then never mentioned it again. But it wasn't him, was it? Past-You, he didn't know. It was you.” Tony turned in time to see Steve’s lips parting in speech. “No - zip it, I’m not done; you don't get to talk until I tell you to.” He picked up the nearest thing to him - a small pocket notebook from the coffee table. “I’ve got the support book, you can talk when you’ve got it." He flushed, but he couldn't let embarrassment stop him: this needed to be fixed or the whole team (the NNSA's, the intergalactic alliance) would fall apart around them. All that they built together. "And hey: quick disclaimer - I've forgiven you, but I'm so fucking-! Fucked up about this that I might not shut up for thirty minutes. Just so
Cap’s little indiscretion in the past? Forgiven (mostly).
No. Tony would need to be smart about this and would think at least five steps ahead at all times.
, fuck, yes, tell me to- tell me-” Tony begged. One hand released the edge of the bench, clenching in what seemed to be indecision. He made aborted jerky movements towards his cock, before pulling away to press into the hard surface of the arc reactor, trembling as if he wanted to reach for his cock again.
“Everyone calls me Tony,” he snorted and pressed his bare chest against the armoured faux-leather of Steve’s. “Only the kid calls me Mr Stark now.”
“Yes.”
“You really want to do this here?” he asked with a raised brow, not that he had any real objections.
The words set off a sympathetic pang in Tony's gut, like swallowing an ice cube whole, and he didn’t press for more. Thor had lost everything around him and his sense of self to boot. It was only natural for him to draw comfort from the safe familiarity of the Avengers.
in our own bed. You drive me crazy and I love it. I love you." He finished, standing up on wobbly legs and tippy-toes to kiss the other man sincerely, dearly, ardently.
Tony ignored the question and brushed past him, full of bravado he didn’t truly feel as he invited himself into the other man’s living area.
and never drank when Tony wasn’t drinking), and the press of his lips was fiercely dominant.
He inspected himself in the mirrored wall, his hair wild and eyes manic behind thick frames.
They were both clearly fit and well and had been in each other’s presence on and off for the past 72 hours, but neither was this - in Steve’s words, not his own,
Eventually, Tony pulled off with a gasp and used his hands to coax the last drops of Steve’s pleasure onto his waiting tongue. Steve watched through heavy eyelids, trembling with sensitivity as Tony’s tongue swiped around his glans and frenulum as though chasing his flavour.
“Tony-” Steve began and his tone was tight and placating. He was either trying to calm him or manipulate him and Tony wanted to scream with frustration at either option. The sheer incredulity and
It wasn’t often that he could come so fast from penetration alone - and Steve wasn’t even aiming for his prostate half of the time, the bastard - but Steve was commanding and using his body expertly, overwhelming without breaking, and the shocking appearance of a wave of his orgasm was coming hard and fast and his spunk was going to shoot over the side of the building to the ground below and
He nodded, then nodded again as the image grew more fleshed out in his mind. “Yes.”
And that meant… That meant Steve took time out of replacing the Stones to fuck him. The past him. And Steve of the past - the Steve that Tony had been friends with, had fought with -  had had no idea about it. Steve had effectively only changed
"That's very generous of you," Steve replied sincerely. He needed the other man to know he was appreciated - needed it down to his soul.
They were lugging through the homestretch of addendums to the New-Not-Shit-We-Promise-Accords with the end, blissfully, in reach. Tony had organised the meetings himself. The people, the room, the Dominican coffee beans. What he hadn’t accounted for was Ross turning their run over the finalisations into an elongated masturbatory lecture.
Almost all the way out and then as deep as you can,” Tony babbled, rattling off instructions like he was ordering lunch. They were orders that Steve could get behind. Again, Steve was struck with the feeling that he would agree to anything Tony wanted like this. He might be the stronger man, he might be the one giving, but Tony had Steve wrapped around his finger.
Tony watched Steve follow Thor to the basement levels and tried not to think about Barnes as he made his way up to his R&D workshop.
Tony technically owned the whole building, but they were going to do this on Steve’s turf, which was about as considerate as Tony was comfortable with. Anywhere else, Steve would feel exposed and fear that the conversation might be overheard. There may be a chance of Tony actually receiving an explanation if Cap was somewhat at ease.
Had the Stone somehow convinced Loki back from wherever he had gone to reclaim it’s lost place in their universe and prevent inevitable paradox? Was a semi-sentient Stone even a
Tony's eyes trailed back to the pooling condensation around the base of his glass and he held in another sigh. The whole thing was depressing, but dwelling on the past wasn't usually his thing.
"Hush," he said simply, all but ignoring Tony's pleas and it shouldn't make him hot but it did. He was Steve's thing, there to be used and cared for in whichever way he saw fit. Tony’s entire being was Steve’s; his body, his pleasure, and everything in between he handed over to his dutiful partner. That last submission had Tony trembling, nearly sobbing, utterly overwhelmed by how much he trusted the other man - how much he loved him, even when he was ready to explode with hungry frustration. He loved it; the pain and ache of denial just reminded him of how deeply they belonged to each other. Only Steve could put him in such a state and he was the only one Tony wanted to guide him through it.
“Are you gonna? You gonna come on my cock, Tony?” Steve demanded, both hands holding onto Tony’s thighs now as he fucked harder, deeper, finding that spot inside which made Tony’s head fall back and his legs lose purchase around his hips. It didn’t matter, Steve kept him spread and exposed, his fingers digging into soft flesh and strained muscles with a bruising grip against sweat and lube soaked skin. He was angry; angry at himself that he hadn't seen what they could have been so much sooner. Angry that he could only ever have this - just once - hidden and shameful in the past. He fucked Tony with anger turned to desperate passion, to timeless love, because Tony never deserved any of his anger. Tony only ever deserved his love and Steve would prove it to him with every punishing slam of his cock to his prostate.
He waggled his fingers at T'Challa and let the window roll-up. He settled down and Thor's thigh squished comfortably against his.
His Tony was recovering when he left him to return the Stones, bedridden and entertaining the shaken but no less enthusiastic Spider-Man. Together they were designing a new arm for himself (based on his past designs for Bucky, of course), and pitching increasingly ridiculous ideas for Ben and Jerry’s Spidey ice-cream.
Tony rounded the corner, back to the wall and held the shield out in front of him. Across the cobblestones and grass, he caught sight of a second hard-light shield as Steve hid in the shadows in plainclothes. Ducking under Cap's defence was Pete (sans suit); and perched high up to his left at an open window was Barton, somehow now shirtless -
“Ready, beloved?” Tony teased, a smirk tugging at his cheek. He had intended the name to be a joke - to get Steve to blush in front of the team - but they weren’t paying attention and Tony rather liked the feel of it leaving his lips.
"Breakfast would be nice.”
"Well, Stark, you should’ve led with that,” Steve said with a laugh. He shifted his arms from around Tony and gripped his arse instead, holding him up by one hand while the other worked on Tony’s topmost shirt buttons.
“It has,” he said neutrally and Tony held in a smile. He pushed his glasses up his nose as Steve leaned back on one hand to make eye contact with him. “After long, they might get worried or suspicious if we continue to avoid each other.”
"Nobody's being kept in the dark," Steve agreed, with all the determined sincerity of Captain America. Tony could almost see Steve's priorities being realigned. No more secrets. They were in this together now.
It was indulgent fucking which took all of Steve’s control to not frot wildly into the other man and instead cherish the regretful stroke of his hips as he pulled away from the heat of Tony’s body. It made it all the more worthwhile as he pushed back inside, feeling Tony throb around him as he settled home. When he bottomed out he choked down a whine, strangling it into a grunt as he ground his hips into Tony, wanting to be deeper, as close to him as possible.
“Old haunts and all that, I get it. It’s fine, we’re good Rogers. You and your sweet ass don’t need to justify anything to me,” Tony said, patting Steve’s hand where it rested on his shoulder before shrugging him off, not unkindly. He smiled up at Steve, clearly amused at the day's turn of events.
“Huh, that's a start. No access to subsequent observations or protocols, I see,” he hummed. The news was promising and meant JARVIS hadn’t been completely lost; the cells were alive.
“What was your plan? Get me up here all alone and give me a dozen hickeys to go with your ring I wear around my neck?” He coaxed between groans, hips rutting against the hard planes of Steve’s abdominal muscles. He cursed the red and white stripes of the suit; Steve’s bare stomach would feel a lot nicer to rub up against.
Before Steve - before Pepper - Tony had never had any kind of committed relationship. Strange was far from that, but he was also far from the nameless and faceless stream of individuals Tony had swept himself up in during the mid-to-late-nineties. Strange’s presence in his life - limited, admittedly, to bedrooms and flat surfaces - had been infrequent, but recurring. Which was very irregular for Tony back then, who rarely saw a lover more than once after they’d had their fill.
“Sorry, did she say giant geese?” Sam asked the floating image. He looked around the table at the others, bemused. “Just want to make sure my hearin’ is right.”
to be the one running the show.
from a man like that.”
Tony tilted his head until their kiss broke and their foreheads touched. He kept his eyes shut, content to be close in the gentle midst in the aftermath of their heightened emotions.
"We should explore this more," he said conversationally, as though he was talking about design specs. Steve cleaned him up and dressed him and Tony let him, feeling like a doll. At Steve's curious hum he elaborated. "This orgasm-delay, thing. Cock-rings. Cock-cages, if you’re feeling especially Captain-y.”
Steve raised an eyebrow inquisitively, going for what he hoped was patient and welcoming.
him, too. But he wasn’t avoiding everyone or hiding smiles from anybody else. Just him, Tony, specifically. Sometimes he even straight up ran away from Tony like - well, like he'd murdered his best friend. But he hadn't; and he and Barnes were good (not great, but Barnes had his own floor and smiled when Tony made uncomfortable arm jokes), so that wasn't the reason for Cap's absence.
Tony stuttered and the air whooshed out of him as he ground up against Steve’s thigh, needy upon the realisation of how
we would be okay and Steve let me tell you that is fucking hard to believe when you chose Barnes over me.” He consciously sent a signal to his arm to relax. He stuffed it into a pocket when it didn't. “You tried to- You didn’t tell me that Barnes
Tony looked up with a smile. “Hey, babe.”
“We’ve both done things to each other we aren’t proud of. Let go, just be here now. I’m not asking for anything more.”
Tony would press back into the thrusts if he could, but Steve placed a steady hand on the small of his back, forcing his stomach to stay against the rough stone beneath him. It was like Steve had anticipated it - maybe he had - and Tony felt the last slip of sense he had leave him under that touch, his body relaxing fully to Steve’s care.
Tony thought, not without some relief; if any one of them was most equipped to deal with the Odinson family drama, it was Bruce.
"You're not fighting me on this," Tony observed calmly.
“Tony, I-” He warned, opening his eyes that he hadn’t realised had fallen shut. He heard a wet sound and glanced up to see Tony fisting his prick, his free hand flying over his length and -
