John remembered back to when he first heard those lips utter that same phrase. His eyes flicked over Sherlock’s face, focusing finally on his lips. John looked away before things became very awkward for all of them in the room.
John turned. “I’ll sit in the car,” he lied.
Before Mary started keeping secrets, she had invited him to have drinks with a few of the models. John walked through the pub door and spotted Mary with a few blokes at a table. They were all, of course, beautiful. But Jack was perfect. He was immediately drawn to his green eyes, strong jaw, and genuine smile. John sat down next to him. He watched him surreptitiously, not wanting to spook the beauty with an open-mouthed leer, as his heart and cock wanted him to. He was skittish, shy, appeared awkward when any attention was on him. John wondered how he actually did his job.
unsure what to think.
hated standing still. He jumped, clapping his hands once in exhilaration but it wasn't enough, he wanted to
was going to say. "You're going to say that that 'maybe' was as stupid as it looked - two men wanting something and running away from it, right?"
“I never said you did,” John replied carefully.
Still, Sherlock could see the value in having a second chair and he didn't want to bother puzzling out how to make one on his own, so he let John finish gluing it before he demanded they find a way to have sex for the next ten hours. By then, the storm would have passed for sure.
"Magnussen has created an unassailable architecture of forbidden knowledge. I've spent the last month tracking it down. It's name-" Sherlock started,
desperate for new data. It was a herbivore, judging from the hoofed feet, but not the source of the hollow fur. More importantly, it was enough meat for
"Why would you bring your gun if you could shoot it?" Martha asked primly. John opened his eyes to see Sherlock smiling at his mother. The woman frowned at
“I don’t know,” he amended, his voice soft again, and Sally exhaled, unsure when she’d started holding her breath.
“Of course, yeah, but what mistake?” the detective shouted down after him. He really did wish they'd see his masterpiece for themselves.
“Possible, yeah,” he replied, not looking away from the crossword. He needed ‘ten C’s’. That sounded like a musical hint.
brick wall.
give his condolences without unsettling people. He’d have to observe how he did that. His phone buzzed obediently.
"So, if I should have seen it coming, that you're such a brilliant asshole you'd never let yourself get used, why stop? Why tell me now?" Janine asked,
seen in his expression.
didn’t come. The silence stretched and John felt dread pooling in his stomach again at the changed routine.
John was lying on his side on what looked like concrete, but it wasn't clear from the amount of blood coating it. It had dried black, despite its quantity
good job at snubbing anyone else who entered. But this was definitely not her first visit. And not her last, John thought, wincing.
he'd recover from that. But he didn't think he could avoid it.
back to that. Unfortunately Lestrade did understand, as did the other officers in the room and they all followed suit with Sherlock and peered at the
Fortunately, Sholto was just paranoid enough to have taught John a system, in case any of their old comrades were stable enough to be getting married one
legs and hands, apparently confused by why he had their harnesses on at all. All except for Gladstone who always conserved his strength and heat until the
“I-” Molly started and scrambled out of the room.
empty. He was acutely lonely without the man in his bed.
~~/~~
the quick of that relationship without ever seeing the two in a room. Sherlock just looked puzzled.
disinfectant into their fireplace.
“So, you were a soldier?” Mike asked when he’d stopped, flicking at the chain around John’s neck that still held his dogtags. John nodded vaguely, feeling
John thought, not sure what to say. Which, given, was fairly rare with a beautiful woman.
what the hell he was trying for anymore.
he was
"Not as tall as people think," he answered. Sherlock hummed in thought.
Damn it, he should do this later. John pushed himself across the floor and pulled the handle out to start the water flowing.
Watson had never wanted to be safe.
"Yes, please yes," John pleaded. God, he should have answered right away; if only he'd answered right away.
"My bedroom, now," he ordered and John smiled again.
"Are you sure? I took you off the schedule for weeks," she said.
John exhaled slowly and headed for the hall, until he registered that Sherlock was
had lived in the country, from his accent alone.
Thinking he could have his dead partner back by some
man at attention but that training had faded into something more natural now. John hefted the gun over his shoulder and picked up the slop bucket, leaving
"I'll do them," Sherlock offered. John's exposed eye snapped open and he stared at him, looking rather concerned. Sherlock scowled back at him. He needed
"I need to look incompetent. Surely that's something you can help me with," Sherlock said, as the waiter arrived. The waiter hesitated and John smiled
"Retired," the major interrupted. Truly irritated, now. John bit his tongue, deciding not to correct him. Medical discharge. He'd tried to reenlist; they'd
apparently. John forced himself the rest of the way up, glad Sherlock did not try to help, and unclenched his jaw.
"Iraq?" Mr. Holmes tried again and John became aware too late that the man was trying to get him to talk. Right.
“Meretricious,” Sherlock replied, his lips twitching in amusement. For a moment John wanted to see him laugh again, his gray eyes lit up with joy in that
hands.
“Harry's your sister,” Moriarty bit out, sounding about ready to shoot someone.
charity vocation but is really a marketing scheme for the local sign language education businesses." Sherlock glanced down at the pile of papers she was
Hooper.
“No,” he ordered and Sally Donovan pulled out her radio to announce them. Moriarty made a show of checking out the street and neighborhood as they approached the tenement building currently surrounded by tape and police vehicles. A man stormed out of the building's front door, ripping off his gloves and bundling them in his hand as he walked. A rather disgusting gesture, John thought. If the man's scrubs were to be believed, he was a forensic scientist and he'd just wrapped his bare hands around whatever human detritus had been on his gloves.
John thought, pushing back from the table. His chair scraped badly against the floor.
"Thanks for the tea," John whispered, pushing himself up to sit and grabbing the mug. The tea was cold but he didn't care. The sweet liquid was precious.
"You don't want to watch it? You might enjoy it. I enjoy it," Magnussen said, glancing at where the video had been projected.
the man before he answered his question. "-Wound. -infect. -past – eight hours."
“John Watson is missing,” he reminded her, and walked back into the conference room to continue to work. They got the postmortem photographs in for John’s
“You’ll be going home with us, you realize,” she said softly. John started to shake his head but she pointed at his face. “No arguments, young man. You
John turned around, rage filling his head before any true deduction. Still, he knew this one was true. He could see it in Magnussen's smirk.
"No, sorry," she interrupted herself, closing her eyes. Her cheeks brightened and she only glanced at him for a moment – likely embarrassed, then. Had
pause again, struck by another of Sherlock's blatant subtleties. His chair. He was seated in his chair. John ran his hands down the rough fabric arms,
The opiates kept him floating above the pain. His head felt heavy when they kicked in, and he knew from experience not to fight it. He let his head drop
It was barely two weeks later, after the warm night where the snow fell sticky, that Sherlock saw the bear tracks wandering around the caribou meat cache.
"I am not excellent at sentiment," Sherlock replied.
There, see? He still hasn't been gagged. He'd have upturned lesions on his mouth, from where it'd have been tied. His mouth has been punched, obviously,
His heart was pounding sickly.
room, dressed in a urine-stained hoodie and relapsed on cocaine.
"You, it's always you. John Watson, you keep me right," he swore.
Emotions were horrible. Sherlock followed after the man, an idea slowly forming in his head, watching as John marched down the street and tore open the
to pray he'd gotten fast enough.
bottle of some sort of brown liquid and he was peering at each of them in turn like they held the secret of the universe. John waved 'hello' and headed for
he hadn't needed to apologize to fix it so it had certainly been the better of two evils. And he'd barely finished processing that John was acting less
"You're leaving today," Sherlock concluded aloud, his eyes wide. John closed his eyes. This was going badly. He'd been prepared to be the coward, to leave
at someone else for once. The Inupiaq grinned, flashing his two front teeth. His gums were worn down, thin bumps slipping over his jaw bone.
thought as the man sneered.
“You grew up here but you don't know how to live as John does. You watched television and ate frozen meals instead – obvious given the state of your hands and your waistband. You need glasses but you'd rather spend your government checks on alcohol – obvious, look at your teeth and skin. Your hair has been thinned by it, less obvious under the caked on layer of grease., but your teeth give you away. Why don't you shower when you have flowing water in your home? You've either plugged up the drainage swale with filth or you don't own any towels – both equally likely given the state of your clothes.”
John had a feeling he knew exactly what was going on. Moriarty wouldn't just die and let all that building tension on him go.
Intolerable people, nonsmokers. James groaned.
; there was no case to solve, no context to make the wind speed data vital, make his brain whirl with power. He was lying stagnant, his
-week, -you -just -find -little -case, -yes?"
crackhead stared at the ground. Sherlock was looking up, at the roof John couldn't look at anymore.
walked past him to reach the layers of strange clothing hanging by the door.
~~/~~
"-Yes," he replied simply. Sherlock nodded.
Or was it not an alias at all – was 'Sherlock Holmes' the man's true birth name and James Moriarty the fraud? He'd have to try to find that birth certificate.
Didn't much matter; he couldn't get himself to stop shouting.
"Old mall," Sherlock replied quietly. "Construction was never finished but the parking garage was mostly completed. All underground. Sound would be
would leave it outside the main apartment. There were no other signs of a struggle, but even if Mrs. Hudson were screaming for help upstairs, he wouldn't
warned. John glanced at the dirty paper plate still on the floor from his dinner. He'd survive.
"-D-R-A-M-A-T-I-C," he spelled out and Sherlock smirked. He'd have to learn that sign.
going to get back to sleep.
"I recognize that I must resign myself to the idea that Molly Hooper was correct on a subject," he snarled.
lie? That was only wasting time. The assassins were irrelevant now; this was Moriarty's final play.
got himself back up on the seat, thinking he'd
"I'm you, arn't I?" Sherlock asked, laughing happily. John stared at the man and shook his head, his brain warming happily in its slow thoughts. Human,
He'd deal with that later, Greg decided. John didn't look any too healthy himself.
it to a customer. And she was worrying it during this encounter, a fairly good sign he hadn't missed anything and that they had in fact drawn straws. Too
"-Parents -both -" He started repeating and Sherlock growled at him again.
"-More?" Sherlock asked and John was about to nod when he heard the door open downstairs. He turned his head to listen at the steps.
post-orgasmic to care that his head only reached the man's shoulder.
"Mmm. Five possibilities. He craves danger, which I'm always in; wants his work to be important and values mine over his own; needs someone to take care of
occasionally but it was rare – a waiter with that habit would go home with pockets full to the brim, unlikely then. It'd been opened, so she wasn't giving
walked into the flat through the kitchen and moved to sit in Sherlock's chair. He wanted to know all about Sherlock's new case.
"He was decorated, wasn't he? A war hero," Sherlock asked, sounding uncertain about that conclusion. Maybe a guess, maybe just a push for more information.
"Now. Poker," Sherlock declared proudly, slapping a brand new deck of cards beside the pizza box. John shook his head immediately, not needing to consider
planning to avoid the strange festivities by burying himself in work. John sat in the chair across from him, feeling bereft of any such distraction. Mrs.
“Withheld information,” John amended, not caring. He flipped through the newspaper, looking for the crossword he’d left unfinished the night before.
~~/~~
sleeping with Sherlock Holmes, Dr. Watson? I always wondered that. Oh well, I'm dead now, so that's hardly important. Still, he was too good for you.
Recovery always felt anti-climactic. He remembered sitting in this same chair, slowly realizing that his post-war recovery really was going to happen while
"Shite," Greg cursed, glancing back at the door. They'd come full circle. John alone and failing to heal, Sherlock nowhere to be found. Hopefully this time
was simply why and where and who he needed to throw off a rooftop.
John wondered vaguely, blinking at the man and wishing the client would ask.
"I just wanted to confirm, you said he was an alcoholic but he didn't go to A.A meetings or anything that would get him professionally diagnosed-"
intruder, no trace of fatigue in his eyes. John spent it on his cot, staring at the ceiling and wondering what Sherlock was so focused on. The igloo was
off his mask and got out of the car. Death could be a hard thing to ensure with a tranquilizer.
could gather, after his death, as he'd never been a man to take photos himself.
where the line of personal space was supposed to be.
"I'm not at liberty to say," John stalled, pushing his I.D into his wallet. He was definitely going to get tossed out.
went and tossed himself from, wannit?"
John woke up the next morning to a heavy bladder and a shrew climbing over his face. He swatted the vermin away and pulled himself out of the pile of fur,
thin he was. John could have pegged him for a drug user from fifty meters.
“Mrs. Hudson-” John started, but Harry threw out her hand.
"Christmas," John grumbled, secretly glad he didn't have to plan some type of holiday.
"That name you think you may have just heard, you were mistaken. If you ever mention hearing that name in this room, in this context, I guarantee you on
hands in his lap and stared at them.
"He's clueing for looks!" he explained, almost yelling. Sherlock was on the floor with his bum in the air. Asleep, maybe. That was smart. It was the middle
“I know that much,” Greg grumbled, shoving his cigarette pack into his pants pocket and starting toward the garage exit. “Help me prove it,” he ordered.
his shoulders falling with the realization. Sherlock’s eyes darted over to him, reading the motion.
Sherlock turned toward the ceiling, watching the dust fly overhead. John had slammed the door. He wished he had no connections but Mycroft again. That had
and wet and the whole head was in Sherlock's mouth beneath the pants, and John clenched his fists.
work with.
"Well, you own the household utensils,' John declared, folding his last hand. Sherlock smirked and threw his cards face up. Bluffing. Of course. Nothing to
"Yeah, probably just an addict in need of a fix," he said, unable to meet their eyes. Bill glared at him, noting the insult.
Sherlock sucked him into his mouth without any trace of hesitation and John didn't think he'd ever loved that about the man quite so much as when it meant
Three others. He'd said it differently in some relevant manner, tone or volume, or there was something about the fact that Sherlock didn't have friends
fortunately a convenient one when it meant that John Watson would keep his eyes fixed on him and not the breakaway cable or landing board or whatever it
difficult in a foreign language, and Sherlock sitting in front of him, holding out a yellow apple, talking about when they'd gotten it, looking for all the
“I got him arrested for hiring sex workers,” Sherlock replied. John looked at the ceiling, unsure he should put in the effort to move his head but wanting
hands moved slower the later it got. He wasn't tired; Sherlock could hear his leg tapping against the floor rapidly as he worked. Anxious, then.
kiss Molly's cheek the Christmas before and that had only happened after the horrid awkward moment from hell.
John kept walking forward. One line, he promised himself, one sentence and he'd head for the door. He tried to think up something properly enraged.
he desperately needed all of Sherlock's help. It wasn't Sherlock coming out of hiding that was going to kill him. All of the assassins were dead anyway;
century wig. Then John was laughing for real and
too hungry and too pale. John doubted he looked any better himself. They'd gone through too much in the last year, John thought. It was time for some
Sherlock's face broke into a triumphant grin.
Which meant he'd just stumbled onto one hell of a secret. John leaned forward over the bar and nursed his drink. No. He had no proof, the pictures weren't
the desk chair. Donovan hovered by the door. The room was empty of everything but a travel bag. There was no question; Sherlock wasn't here. John had left
he ordered himself.
"You're very good at faking sleep, you know," a voice mentioned blandly from in front of him. A man's voice; he sounded young and oddly...reasonable. John
"Well, not actually marry her, obviously. There's only so far you can go," Sherlock answered brusquely.
He limped out of the building, thoroughly annoyed about being left behind with the dead woman, having been dragged there for Christ-knew what reason in the first place.
"Surely you picked up on that much."
Appropriately brilliant but Sherlock doubted it. Moriarty would never accept letting Sherlock
John choked out a laugh.
'lovely', and John dared say their usual topic of conversation would quite scare this woman away. But maybe…
John turned around to see where the hot water was flowing down the drain, no where near the bucket.
That seemed rather backwards, all told. He'd never moved on, when Sherlock had left. He couldn't lie to himself about that, not when he'd been stuck in a
And of course, when John noticed Sherlock did. John swallowed heavily, unsure what to say.
door slammed open, against any kind of deportment training. A soldier rushed in, looking scared. A fully grown man with the marks of a sergeant; he should
This was dangerous.
John waved again.
"Busy," Sherlock responded, continuing to stare raptly at the picture of John hanging from the ceiling, dripping with blood.
Hudson’s eyes softened, her forced enthusiasm falling away.
, unrepentant and unafraid. Behind the scenes, James knew the man was frantically scanning his contacts for moles, hoping to find the culprit who'd betrayed him. He'd never find her; James wasn't concerned. Adler was in Germany now. But James's victims were supposed to
“How would he know? He was clearly dragged out of that alleyway, likely unconscious,” Sherlock responded and Lestrade nodded though he had no idea what
sleeping with the slings on anymore. Pain be damned. He could deal with pain.
“Yes, yes I think so. My thoughts precisely,” Moriarty replied, spinning to inspect the room as if for the first time.
Either way, John decided, he'd want a weapon. He crossed in front of Sarah's desk on the way to his office and she held up a hand, wanting a word. He
"Get in," John ordered. Sherlock frowned. John had never invited him before – he was still cautious about the bear, then.
John sighed heavily, working his way over to the suspicious Sally Donovan, still standing guard over the taped-off street.
John collapsed on the couch, another stack of ASL sheets in his hand. He ducked his head, feeling tears starting to build behind his eyes.
"Donovan!" Lestrade shouted and Sherlock looked up to see the female cop walking toward him, her fist clenched and her eyes burning, clearly about to punch
“I hid all her skillets,” Sherlock blurted. John turned toward him, baffled, and Sherlock flushed. “Just in case.”
“I don’t know what’s with the snacks,” he admitted finally, gesturing to the mountain of bagged food they’d collected.
he was awake.
"Upon which depends the security of the free world, yes, and you've put potatoes on it," Mycroft answered. John let out an exasperated snort at the same
"-I -grow up -here. -London. -House -near -10 -D-O-W-N-I-N-G -where -brother -lives -now, -we -grow up -there. -Go -school S-T-, -J-A-M-E-S. -Not fit in
sit. There was water damage on the wall, beneath the single coffee cup hanging on a nail above the stove. Where the water had dripped down the handle as it
"Yes. Look at the contents of his wallet. He was divorced, recently so, most likely had just gotten word that he'd lost custody," Sherlock replied, turning
started in on it again. He usually needed about a third of the meal eaten to ensure John wouldn't complain – regardless of its caloric value. Idiotic.
"Falls of the Reichenbach," a loud voice proclaimed, interrupting them and John turned away to look. The president of the museum was standing only a few
lungs, but the outhouse was not far from the house; it rarely got warm enough to smell even in the summer months. He shoved his way inside and tugged at
behind. Fortunately the Holmeses didn't seem to notice that touch of PTSD, though Mycroft's sneer slipped before he lead the way in.
almost concerned. Sherlock smirked at him and John turned to go, glad to get away from the flashing cameras.
died," the man read in a monotone before glancing up from the letter, his mouth quirked up. "Is that true?" he asked.
the door behind him. Finally John could breathe.
thing he needed was an exposé on his medical and service record and it was clearly coming to that.
Sherlock out of his life; this would do it. And quickly. "What, you didn't die enough the first time?" he growled.
actually said it? John wasn't sure he believed it, but the idea that Sherlock had considered it was enough.
Sherlock waited by the car to get word. He wouldn’t gain anything from seeing John’s bloated corpse but a time of death, and Molly would give him a more
"Look, if there's anything-" Lestrade started and John felt himself nod firmly.
"The world is better with you in it," he stated and Sherlock's eyes shot back to him, his mouth starting to stretch into a wide smile. Something in John's
He needed to be impressive to Dr. John Watson.
sheets and making up the bed without complaint. So they could lie there together.
thought and Sherlock looked up from sorting out all the spoons and forks to put away. John gestured at the cards, covering for himself.
That was still a possibility, Sherlock thought, eyeing the closed door. He had no illusions about John's skills – if the man wanted him dead, he'd be dead.
in such a place.
He had some trouble finding it; the plot had grown over with grass and looked like it'd never been disturbed. The cut stone had sunk into the mud and could
umbrella tighter. A fake tell, if John had ever seen one. He couldn’t fathom what Mycroft was
suicide or getting killed running into a fire to save their dead cat. That had never made any sense. He'd spent a month, at nine years old, obsessing over
~~//~~
"Obvious," Sherlock sneered at his confession. "You dated. You never had sex with them. The futon, the lilo, the sofa with Sarah-Susan, wasn't it?"
"No, we pretend not to understand," he answered and typed out
Sherlock inhaled rapidly, almost choking. Would he leave John here? Go back to London without him?
"Now you contact my brother to ask permission to put his laptop in the hands of Charles Augustus Magnussen," Sherlock growled, pushing himself back from
“Fuck you too, then,” Harry said, her voice approaching the door. It slammed closed behind her.
“Greg!” Lestrade exclaimed, exasperation heavy in his voice and Sherlock grinned. He was joking, clearly; he'd either never learn Lestrade's name or he'd learn it accurately but he'd never guess
like a snake missing its strike. Sherlock pushed his hands through his hair, his desperate expression twisting into something angry. "The worse blackmailer
his last question.
within the day.
“Can you forgive me, John?” Sherlock asked suddenly, shattering the quiet between them. John shifted in his seat, trying to figure out what he should say.
postmordem reports. John did his best to ignore her. He'd be walking away after this, he reminded himself. No Sherlock, no Molly, no Mycroft. If he was
puddle of blood.
do alone. That he’d learned from his bullet wound. He’d need help bathing, walking, and eating. He’d wake up in the night screaming. Who else was he to
“Oh, but Sherlock made a mistake in his stupid plan, didn't he? He'd promised me quite sincerely that he'd show me where he'd hidden his blasted drugs, if he ever left,” she said, shaking a finger at the genius. John blinked rapidly and she smiled fondly at him, her eyes remorseful, older than they'd been before.
“Damn it!” he cursed and pushed himself up on his painful leg to rush after the man. Moriarty was waiting for him at the bottom of the stairs. He smiled smugly, seeing John limp his way down, and threw open the front door for them.
"-Past, -you -child, -your -house, -have -dishwasher?" Sherlock asked and John sighed.
"Mrs. Hudson hasn't spoken to him in months so she had no information. Gre- er- Inspector Lestrade spoke to Sarah -"
the tiny dents he’d made in his binds could give him hope.
and hair covered floor, looking for any evidence of who was here. Short blond hairs on the back of the couch. Could be a cat's, but they looked thin for
The morgue door swung open. Sherlock looked around, letting his pulled muscles tug painfully to see who had so badly walked in on them.
"Sherlock, I can't do this casually," he stated as firmly as he could.
John lowered the carcass to the kitchen table and headed back outside, passing him without a word. Sherlock examined the tiny frozen crystals of blood
“Women’s bathroom. Right,” he said, pushing himself from the counter. Sally shifted to block his way out of the room.
"Colour, your favorite?" John asked and Sherlock rolled his eyes.
Nothing surprising. John sighed, flipping through the folder on the man Mycroft had given him. Useless information now when
chance to say one last thing to the man, that wouldn't have been it.
The roof was empty. The wind blew lightly over his hair, kicking dust and dirt around him. He was wearing clothing fit for New York, loose jeans and a
"Christ!" John choked out, doing his best not to wrench his hips forward when Sherlock slid himself down his body, onto his knees. The man glanced up, his
John felt his jaw set. That was Sherlock's job; he solved the puzzles. John's solution had
scanning her with his eyes. Sally felt her eyes widen, praying the whole diner had not heard him. They likely had. He was rarely quiet.
It seemed like the world was moving too fast. The case had gotten cocked up beyond reason. They'd almost been
his hands up and ripping at his hair.
Sherlock turned around, frowning.
into Sherlock's hair, tipping the man's head back. He kissed him lightly before pushing himself more firmly against the man. Sherlock's mouth opened. This,
"But that's not why you're here," she repeated. John sighed, frustrated. No, the anxiety, the nightmares? He'd survive. He'd done that before. Ella leaned
Sherlock unguarded. But then… it didn't seem right to abuse that, to get answers to questions Sherlock would keep private, if sober.
He couldn't do that. John stared at his drink, wanting to slam it down on the bar top. He wasn't a murderer; never had been. Most of Moriarty's contacts
having lost the memory entirely, when he'd signed it correctly only the day before. It was going to take the man
was nothing and clipped him to the ceiling chain.
John pushed himself to his feet, groaning as the movement tugged at his burns. He should have waited until the nurses would allow him his next dose of
"What are you doing, Sherlock? Sitting here with that old thing?"
Mike shrugged and John did his best to push the wrapper into his blood-crusted jeans pocket without it making any noise.
“What would that mean?” he asked. John resisted an impulse to rub at his face. He wanted to keep his arms in their slings for once.
"When your pride would catch up to you. I knew it would happen eventually," Sherlock stated, his voice too light, almost cheerful in his realization. "You
He'd wished for this, so many times, before he'd finally moved out of the dusty flat, trying futilely to escape the memories. He'd tried to imagine what it would have been like, to lie in bed with an alive Sherlock at his side, giggling, talking about the work. Rage and grief had always swallowed him up before the image could fully form. John stared at Sherlock, whole and complete beside him, quietly waiting, knowing his choices had been made, waiting to see how the dice would roll.
after all. Sherlock could never guess what details a common mind would deduce and which it'd miss entirely. Still, John's mind he knew better. He thought
see Sherlock grinning and chuckled at the thought.
was a chance, however minute, that if Sherlock could just make him
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” Moriarty asked as if he'd read his mind. John tilted his head, trying to keep up. Wasn't this man supposed to have just met him, on accident, with no prior knowledge of his existence?
dust, John opened it.
"It feels squishy. Is it supposed to feel squishy? Feel that!" the crackhead complained.
without some
"Mine then," he replied, deciding to ask later. Sherlock smiled at him fully and John had to grin back, thrilled with this idea. Holy hell.
shaped from the freezer drawer and sawed off a sliver with what used to be their bread knife. He pushed the flesh back into the freezer and settled down at
"Yes. And it was important. A fact that did not clutter up Donovan's vacuous excuse for a brain. She said I had
Sally thought, knowing the answer. John Watson had been a great man. She glanced at Sherlock's face and saw nothing but waiting curiosity.
"They were in debt. The family suspected them, so they tried to keep up appearances, kept the house. Got to the end of the line and she stole from her
that.
John wished they'd snap at each other and run in opposite directions like they used to. Force his brain to focus on them. He couldn't think about anything
Sherlock recognized it immediately; everything he’d left behind concerning Moriarty’s network. Only one folder stood out, something he had certainly seen
~~/~~
"Do not trifle with me. I have made my move, by rights it should now be yours," Sherlock demanded, releasing John's arm and stepping away from him again.
gesture away from his mouth for something like 'aloud'. Sherlock furrowed his eyes looking confused and John sighed. "-easy," he added, not wanting to say
"Actually, yes,” Lestrade answered.
eyes, looking like he knew exactly what would happen to a blackmailer without his vaults, put before a judge he'd no doubt 'influenced' before. Mycroft
pushing a syringe into his arm.
percoset? - but it was useless, he'd only caught part of the sentence and he hadn't enough data. Obviously he was going to need to get better at lipreading
He stayed quiet, focusing on relaxing the muscles in his feet. Sherlock stayed still, a bit of frozen company, and the sun slowly diffused the room with
them again. Sherlock stared at something near John’s foot and said nothing.
Sherlock had never known how to wait. He tore through the dim little cabin, cataloging every item he found, putting together John Watson's life here.
horridly bright sun. His insides felt like they were trying to climb their way into his throat; this was likely another false alarm. Even the Inupiaq didn't wear hide anymore. Probably another extreme
confirmed their names, ignoring when they lied, and got started.
mention it when he returned inside.
motivation.
nothing would come until the morning. Sherlock frowned at her, realizing she’d misunderstood. Why would she think he had told him?
"John disappeared at roughly 7:00 AM according to when that man was killed in your old crime scene. The letters are always,
"He asked, if architecture was Turner's strong suit, how is his best work Falls of the Reichenbach?" John lied. The man's face cleared and he practically
John wondered but didn't bother asking. Probably stolen from the neighbors.
"-I -don't know -how -you -remember -forever. -I -know -how -you -forget -how?" John argued, his hands slowly moving from one word to the next. Yes, this
bottle. His whole brain felt like it was pushing through a pile of warm squish to get any thoughts out. Definitely drunk. But pleasantly so. He'd go with
wouldn't. He never should have thought he'd have the time to slowly woo him back with touch and the taste of adventure.
Sherlock just looked confused.
A difficult, painful life.
"Crime scene!" he supplied and looked at their client. He thought to high five her but then.. He didn't like touching strangers. Not anymore, not since..
~~/~~
"You'd get taken to a small room somewhere and get your head kicked in," John added, annoyed. Sherlock glanced at him, concern in his eyes.
still had a good man to save. John's eyes were open in this picture, staring openly across the room at something out of the camera’s view.
"Yes, well," John said uselessly. Greg nodded, knowing the feeling. He'd been through divorce; he'd paid by the week not that long before. He sat down on
pillow to face him. John shoved his hands into his coat pockets.
enough for the case to last years. As it was, John went to work every day and watched the case unfold on his phone and dragged himself home every night to
life limping around with a wife in suburbia.
pulled himself back into his seat. Sherlock looked excited and self-pleased and John had to grin at that.
They met by Lestrade's flat for once. Lestrade was already there when he arrived, sitting in his work suit in a corner booth. They could both sit with a
“But I mean, how much did you ever try to know about him? You've known me five years and you don't know my name,” Sally said, trying to twist her words
been in, that was obvious from the finger line of dust brushed off the mantlepiece – prat – but he didn't throw things either. Mrs. Hudson did – the baker
"I bring my .44," he said and John laughed, remembering a shared joke from long before. Iqniq started the engine and John stepped away. The dogs went mad,
cafeteria tray marking his last meal. He was wearing a purple shirt now and his hair was wet. He’d showered. John frowned, thinking back. He was fairly
"I've -erm. I've never done that before. Homosexuals are rare enough, a requirement for even passing intelligence makes a suitable partner nearly
carefully around the bear's small tail.
at all. Hell, the man had muttered '
were taking shifts not to leave him alone for too long, John realized, clearing his throat again. Sherlock had noticed the night before after all. Of
“None, thank you,” John cut him off, before Sherlock went off on one of his deductive rants. John didn’t have the energy for it.
"Am I fictional?" he asked and John smiled, liking his choice of character.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “I would’ve been off for another semester at Uni anyways. Don’t be so sentimental.”
“I have to—“
Sherlock giggles some more, and plucks two flowers from his wrists to plant behind John’s ears.
Into battle.
John’s uninhibited dog-brain goes nuts, and he sprints up to his pair of
“Your coming out video,
Sherlock hums in the affirmative. “We had to do it about a hundred times.”
“Irene, no! Don't-“ They struggle for a moment at the door, but with an elbow to the gut, John staggers backwards and Irene throws open the door with a roll of her eyes.
might work. And James reminded me of how we first met and it seemed like a great idea, but obviously, it was too much, too soon…Sherlock?”
Sherlock laughs softly. “Afraid you’ll change your mind in all that time?” he says teasingly, but John suspects Sherlock really thinks that. John could kick himself for giving Sherlock any reason to doubt his sincerity.
for the first time. When John was still a stranger. He remembers feeling elated, and awed, and humbled, that anyone could be so brave. How it felt when he got to share that feeling with Molly. He thinks about the little girl they met this afternoon, that reminded him so much of his best friend when they were young.
video in my dance class to talk about how ballet and contemporary music can be used together and it was amazing and I watched it about a billion more times since then!” Her big brown eyes, sparkling with enthusiasm, remind Sherlock acutely of a younger Molly.
Sherlock obeys, and reluctantly steps away. If John wants to have a conversation, Sherlock can’t do it when all he can see and touch and
Sherlock shuts his eyes against the variety of emotions he’s experienced in the past few minutes. “I don’t want to go,” he whispers, aloud this time, because at least that much feels true.
“So. Crack shot?”
John gapes in disbelief at this blatantly false retelling. That is
There’s a knock at the door.
grow at your feet I’m so emotional?”
John thinks this is going pretty well for their second-ever conversation.
Sherlock arrives at the library to meet John expecting to wait half an hour for the jock to saunter in. To his surprise, he immediately spots John’s flaxen-haired head bent over a textbook at a nearby table.
“You’re a war hero just returned living in a bad part of London, once again going by the mud. If you’d been seeing someone while you were abroad it would have been serious enough to move in with her, presumably in a better neighborhood, when you got back.”
Sherlock looks confused now. “Does that make
“Dating?” John suggests,
when it’s theatre, and that’s not-”
“Fine!” Molly snaps. “I called to gossip and get the dirt on Irene." Sherlock hears the woman's noises of indignation vaguely in the background. He's tempted to continue ribbing his friend for a while when she snaps, "But don’t you have a love confession to get back to or something?”
He watches Sherlock closely, whose eyes are wide with disbelief as they flit across John’s flat.
“I accept your dare,” he grumbled, sour at losing to Irene. If John was going to find out about his pathetic crush, it might as well be on Sherlock’s terms.
Sherlock shut his eyes, the better to let those words, freely given by John Watson, brush over him.
Sherlock is seated on one side of a long conference table in a posh London office. On the other side, there’s John Watson, his agent Mrs. Hudson, choreographer Greg Lestrade, a lawyer, and several suits he assumes are higher-ups with John’s label.
* * *
And it’s over.
“He’s got a hot new boyfriend now, John!” Pranav calls as he approaches the laptop and wraps his arms around James’ neck. “No need to be jealous.” Pranav winks, dark eyes sparkling. “Seriously though. I’ve never even properly met Sherlock and I know you’ve been interested for the last couple of months, at
That honeyed tenor never sounded so good.
He felt an elated, nervous
), slung an arm over Irene’s shoulders, and asked Sherlock if he was coming as well.
“God this is gorgeous. Was the entire thing done in one take?” Molly asks, hushed.
“Never,” John says with utmost seriousness. He takes the yellow daisy and tucks it securely behind Sherlock’s ear, nestled between pale skin and dark curls.
The doctor monitoring his post-surgery recovery had apparently noticed the same bruising patterns that Sherlock had. He’d called Child Protection, who were due to visit in a couple of days when John had better recovered. John was grateful for the delay, but annoyed that this was happening at all. The only truly good thing that came out of this unfortunate development was the officer posted outside of John’s door.
“Mummy?” he asks softly, putting a hand on her elbow.
? A John Watson classic!” John feels a smile tug at the corners of his mouth, contemplating the idea.
, I don’t know anything about, Sherlock.” John groans. “That’s their business innit? Besides, who wants to think about their friends doing…that?” John squirms at the thought.
“Please, it was entirely innocent! You were a very handsome fourteen-year-old, and I was a young impressionable gay boy!”
“I know that now, John.” Sherlock soothes. “But the point is that I wasn’t in love with John Watson anymore, because he was busy being a cock. I moved on from you. Right up until the moment your new label publicized an audition for ‘
curse-breaker Magdelana. And Jaman, the Dragonologist. Don’t even get me started on
, as though they could obscure the fact that this event is being held in a room that stinks of stale sweat. God, why had he talked himself into this?
. The execs say Victor is good for publicity-”
John rips open the door and strides into the living room, pacing. Where
The orchestral arrangement crashes through the stereo system, and John thrusts out his arms to either side as the grey warehouse wall behind him explodes into bright light, cobalt blue at the bottom and fuchsia spilling down from the top, alighting a fiery bisexual pride flag as John belts,
Sherlock mumbles something under his breath that sounds like
“I know who you are,” he says with a wry smile and a wink. “Come in, then. Sherlock’s room is through the sitting room, second door on the left.” He herds John through a doorway and into a small but cheery sitting room.
She introduced herself as Sarah Sawyer, then introduced the others: Stan Hopkins, who John vaguely knew from Maths and a quiet girl dressed all in black named Billie Wiggins.
“Yeah.”
John stepped into the room, Sherlock’s microphone clutched in his hand.
John heaves in a breath to sigh, but catches himself at the last moment. He lets it out in a vocal gust. “It…might be.”
“That I like him?” John laughs. “I think he knows.”
of the club, the freedom of movement on the dance floor. It’s a rush just to be here, where it feels like everyone is celebrating being themselves. This is yet another experience he didn't get to have while he was pursuing his career.
Sherlock nods. “Also, none of this makes any sense. Explain.”
. You should have seen it. He read me like a legilimens, deduced my animagus form without even knowing magic
boys? I think...I think I might...
Sherlock nods, twirling his fork around a long strand of spaghetti. It’s nearly sensual.
you’re old and broken, but I can see the integrity, the kindness, and the strength that I loved about you in school. You’re the same in all the ways that matter.” Sherlock allows a slow smile to spread across his face. “And if that weren’t enough, my sixteen-year-old self would definitely kick my arse if he found out that I’d refused a date with John Watson.”
Victor flinches, but then he straightens, looks down at John defiantly. “And whose fault do you think that is, hmm? You only trailed him along for two years when it’s obvious the boy is sick with love for
John interrupts, “Sherlock, what are you-“
“Wait! You never told me your name!”
John is staring hard down at the drawer full of Muggle currency, a crinkled orange paper with the face of some Muggle lady clutched in one hand. He’s trying hard to remember which coins are worth how much so that he can give the right amount of change to the sweet-faced blonde woman across the counter from him. He glances to Irene beside him, who looks up from where she’s preparing the woman’s drink to take in the panic that must be in his eyes.
Sherlock smiles slyly down at John from under his curls, one of his hands dipping into John’s shirt at the back, and a shudder runs down his spine.
subject is taking a significant amount of press attention, I can ease off on the serial dating and ‘leaked’ naked photographs.”
John was running for the stairs before his conscious mind fully understood what was happening. He pressed the talk button on his wireless headset.
“I’m freelance. I can make my own schedule.”
She startles and blinks up at him confusedly. “Sherlock? Aren’t you meant to be in America?”
When he’s struggling with his advanced biology studies, and even when he’s not, John takes his questions to Sherlock, and they spend hours arguing over the impact that food digestion has on the brain. It’s glorious.
John tips his head sideways to see that Irene has slammed down her phone and is looking at him sharply.
you, I was courting you!” John cries.
Yellow and white.
- - -
What—”
A girl behind John - preoccupied with her phone - walked straight into him and caused them both to crash into the door of Sherlock’s studio. Sherlock's head snapped up at the collision and John saw him roll his eyes. Nonetheless, Sherlock walked over to let in a sheepish, apologetic John.
John smiles, and turns onto his stomach so he can peer over the arm of the sofa and see Bill. His friend is sitting cross-legged on the floor, packing up his potions ingredients.
“Um.”
. Sherlock knows how awkward John gets over the thought of his fictional online identity. He loves his followers, of course, but they’re just so…
When Sherlock’s parents get home from their dinner an hour later, they find Sherlock carrying Molly around the sitting room on his back, both of them screaming along to the music video playing at full volume. Because it feels like a bloody
“What?”
John looks down and realizes in horror that he’d forgotten to change out of his work robes. They’re the standard lime green that all the Healers wear at Mungo’s. “Um. Robes?” John says, not knowing how else to answer. Merlin, is this it? Is this how Sherlock finds out? With John wearing a lime green set of robes and Sherlock on his doorstep?
Irene’s eyes narrow suspiciously at Bill’s words. She was eager enough to tell Mike and Bill about John’s crush on a customer last night, but she was still protective of Sherlock. “When you say ‘charm offensive,’ you don’t mean-”
Bill cheers and races to Mike’s room to knock on the door, crashing through without waiting for an answer.
John let Mary chatter on, listening fondly as she spoke at length about this year’s slated production.
“John?” The door cracks open and Victor’s face appears. John is momentarily surprised to see redness around the boy’s eyes, but continues his tirade nonetheless.
SHOW! Take THAT, Ellen!” Now on-screen John puts his face in his hands as well. Conan shakes his hips from atop his desk a while longer and the band plays, audience cheering all the while. Then the video fades to black.
and Irene was in Molly’s bed but the point is that I wanted it to be special when I told you that I,” Sherlock takes a big breath, and exhales most of it with his next words. “Love you. Too.”
“What?” Sherlock cuts off his rambling, a line creasing between his eyebrows.
John knows that accidental magic is related to outbursts of strong emotion, and John has been known to have problems with it in the past. But not for years. When John was little, his temper tantrums had been fearsome. Harry had been the same. Over time, their mum figured out that if she dressed them up in Quidditch leathers and put them each on a broomstick that John and his sister could vent all of that negative emotional energy on the pitch. It had worked to quell John’s temper all through Hogwarts... except for that one time in sixth year when he’d been benched by an injury and Anderson had been being a prick and John had accidentally set the hem of his robe on fire in the middle of Divination.
“Coffee. Black, two sugars. You looked like you needed it.”
Sherlock lifts a hand to his hot face, embarrassed. “Yes,” he mutters.
Flashing in his mind like a winning game of Exploding Snap, John gets an idea.
The boy looks up and grins. Sherlock tries (and fails) not to be swallowed whole by hypnotic indigo eyes. “Hey, Sherlock, right?” Watson asks, sticking out a hand as Sherlock sits across from him. Sherlock shakes the hand and tries (and once more
And they were off.
die, although Sherlock rejected that thought immediately as a surge of nausea crashed through him. Sherlock feared what would become of him without John. In little more than two months, the boy had burrowed his way deep into Sherlock’s heart.
, the song famously about his breakup with Mary Morstan. Sherlock suspects that much of John’s reported-upon past is true, and that Mary was the “one serious relationship” John had referred to on the aeroplane. He doesn’t need much more evidence than the lyrics of this song. They’re heartbreaking: a story of betrayal, loss and the failure to forgive.
of that. His initial flirting in jest had obviously had some effect on John. What harm would a little more do?
“I just need to put this on you, then,” John said when Sherlock offered nothing more. Sherlock faced away from John and lifted the back of his plain white t-shirt to expose the mic belt. John didn’t move.
Once, John finds Sherlock in his room clutching one of Victor’s old shirts. There are tears in his eyes. John sits himself down beside him and imposes a one-sided hug onto a resistant Sherlock, tucking that dear, curly head under his chin for what might be hours, or minutes.
Sherlock stands taller, affronted. “I will not!”
will the humiliation never end?
He’ll withstand her mocking if it means she’ll help him fix what he broke with Sherlock.
something to get over. Honestly I should’ve realized sooner that completely-straight blokes don’t think about their mate’s lips as much as I thought about yours, but then again I’ve always been a bit slow on the uptake-”
Sherlock gave a single satisfied nod. Then, “Mary knew?”
“What?” John asked, wary.
John hissed, halfway down the stairs already. “Or don’t, but we don’t have time for this. Do what I say.” John had reached the lower audience and began a quiet sprint towards House Right, where a staircase lead straight onto the stage. “Greg, get ready to turn off the stage lights.”
we’ll even get my trousers all the way off. But first, I have to clean off.”
“Are you asking me to dinner, John?” Sherlock asked with a quirked smile.
Anderson, Stanley, and Sherlock walked in with several ensemble members, all in costume. They were an odd mix of modern and Elizabethan, to match the scenic elements. Sherlock was dressed head to sneakered-toes in black, save for a suitably long and dramatic cloak draped over one shoulder, which was blood red and embellished in gold. In his left hand he held a long-beaked black mask. John couldn't
John looks towards Irene, wide-eyed. Irene is shaking with silent laughter, already preparing the coffees.
John glances at Sherlock and is pleased to see that, although he looks a bit more flushed than typical, he only rolls his eyes at the flattery.
“I’m sorry, Mary.”
“Oh, and look who’s heading this way.” (Sherlock very deliberately did not look away from the bar top.)
It’s in a sort of half-absent panic as he tries to collect his thoughts despite the influx of pleasure in his system that John speaks:
“This is
“Yes, mummy. I’ll still finish my degree, and I won’t get caught up in ‘any of that celebrity nonsense that the tabloids are always on about.’ I’m just off to see a bit of the world, and I get to dance while I do it.”
John glances back up at Sherlock to see him biting the inside of his cheek, still looking warily down at him. “I’ve. Registered for classes at Oxford.”
“…okay. Let’s go.” With a hand on the small of Sherlock’s back, John guides him to where Irene is already waiting in the trap room, ready to be raised onto the stage.
were to tell Stamford this didn’t work out, Sherlock could get out of this.
“But I don’t know yours.”
“So?” asks Bill.
“I’m just going to…” John mutters to Irene and grabs a towel. He gets closer to Sherlock’s corner and pretends to clean a nearby table, eyes barely leaving the interloper’s annoyingly muscled shoulders. The man stands there with two mugs of coffee, waiting for Sherlock to acknowledge him.
Dinner came and went, and with it, all too soon, went John as they all walked him to his waiting car.
“WHAT!”
“How did you even get in here?” Sherlock grumbles as he rolls out from under John, collecting some clothes and moving towards the adjoining bathroom, a bed-sheet wrapped around himself.
“Well, I never got a chance to do the uni thing properly. And some of the biology and creative writing courses look really interesting. Do you mind? That I didn’t get in on merit?”
, honestly.”
They’re having an altogether lovely night when Sherlock asks.
Sherlock’s eyes rove over John’s new style. “It was quite long, before. You must have been growing it a while.”
When he reached the room where Stamford had indicated he would find the rest of the crew, John knocked softly before pushing open the door. There were a few people hanging out on what appeared to be a couch from the seventies. They smiled up at him when he entered. One girl called cheerfully, “You must be John! Welcome to the Shop!”
John slumps over his tray of food, pushing moodily at his now cold and mushy carrots as he contemplates telling Sherlock about magic.
“Oh my GOD. How did I not notice that!” There’s pain on Sherlock’s face as he tries to wrap his mind around this revelation. John pats his hand sympathetically.
John. SH
She goes back to scattering salt. “Mummy, what are you doing?”
“Yes?”
John. SH
Mummy scoffs as she settles into the seat on Dad’s other side. “Like you can talk. All that dancing and activity you do and you hardly eat! And don’t think that just because your Dad’s home from hospital that you’ve gotten away with anything. We
“You want me to tutor John
“Watson.”
Sherlock scoffed to himself. How had he allowed himself to get this worked up over a boy?
It almost didn’t shock John, being read like that.
“No, Sherlock let me. I’ve wanted to say something for years, meant to call you but never have. Since this is the first time I’ve seen you in a decade, I might as well say it now.”
waltz in here with your goofy smile and rugby shorts and lack of respect for theatre traditions and everyone loves you! It’s completely outrageous! If
Sherlock shuts his laptop with a sigh, and turns to give his full attention to this stranger. His face softens and he flutters his eyelashes. John slams a plate down on the table harder than necessary.
Sherlock takes a picture of the empty living room and texts it to John without a caption.
Dinner tonight? SH
“Right,” Sherlock repeats, imperiously. “Let’s hear the chords again.”
“Oh! The... gingerish one? Tall and stoic?”
. For the encore.”
“Ah, no. Most prospects are turned off by the human skull on the mantel and the body parts in the refrigerator,” Sherlock affects a light tone. In all honesty, he’s dated little these past ten years. Only one man has ever caught his eye
“And you kissed me back!”
to like The Watsons anymore. And you got away from your label and started dating around, acting like a prat and racking up DUIs.”
“Your hair looks fabulous, John. Sherlock won’t be able to take his eyes off of you. Now come here, which do you like better?” She holds out a striped red jumper in one hand, and a denim button-down shirt in the other.
John thinks of batty old Trelawney lecturing on star signs and planetary charts. “No, that was an extracurricular.”
Sherlock blinks. “Crocus,” he repeats, and John hums.
John connects the dots. The kiss. The candles. It’s not the first time something like this has happened to him, but…
Greg turns around to face the mirror as the dancers settle into place and the older lady takes a seat in the corner. Sherlock finds himself shuffled into the back row with a dancer at either elbow. There are perhaps twenty others who have answered today’s call, all of them extremely fit and in the same age bracket as Sherlock. Before he gets a chance to fixate on his poor chances of succeeding here, Greg has put on John Watson’s single,
John walked along with his new friends, already looking forward to next week, and placed Sherlock Holmes firmly out of mind.
Not necessarily. One time his dorm mate cut off John's ponytail in the middle of the night, and Bill had helped an hysterical John grow it all back with magic the next morning.
Sherlock accepts the call as he takes his phone into the kitchen. He hisses into the line,
“I was wondering-“ John starts.
* * *
“What styles of dance do you practice, Sherlock?” asks Irene, and the two of them begin what sounds like a discussion on the relative merits of ballet when it comes to the study of modern dance techniques.
Thank you for your patience with this update! May be some more delay getting the last few chapters out (2-3 more, I think!)
“Yes?”
Victor sighs. “You really had the right idea, Johnny. Now you get to dance with this
“Remember to keep your elbows tucked in.” John takes Sherlock’s hand before ducking the pair of them into the green flames of Mrs. Hudson’s fireplace (upstairs only has electric) and calling, “Golpalott Terrrace, number twenty-one!” He holds Sherlock securely at his side as they spin through London grates, shutting his eyes against the dizzying sight.
loved rugby - it was hard work, just muddy enough, and completely thrilling. It had kept him busy for hours after school, and he’d made some good friends. Until-
“You stupid, noble, reckless, idiot!”
Epilogue – 29 and a half years after that.
gone on him.”
John wills himself not to stiffen. He crosses his arms. “Of course. What’s going on?”
“Looking forward to it.”
Stop ignoring my calls. SH
Molly called Mary up from the lower audience and found her mic pack. When Mary jogged up the stairs, she was wearing only a nude leotard and tights. She winked at John’s flustered expression and leaned up to kiss his cheek. “Nothing you haven’t seen before, eh dear?” John resisted the urge to scowl. He didn’t appreciate thinking about the fake sex life he had with his fake girlfriend, who in reality was like his sister.
We’re as good as blood, better than in some cases, and you can sure as hell bet I noticed when you came to class stiff after ‘arguments’ with him, that you wear long sleeve shirts all summer, and that when you meet someone new, you stand up military-straight and assess them for threat.” Mary’s sharp eyes dared John to deny it.
“Yeah, I guess,” John hedges. He doesn't know what else he can say. The long hair is a pureblood tradition. He’d started wearing longer hair when he was eleven, like all the Watson men had, for generations.
“You’re kidding!” Sherlock giggles, knowing that John isn’t.
“In that case you wouldn’t mind taking part in a little dare, would you?”
“Well, you were asking me to be your fake girlfriend, that’s pretty important don’t you think?” Mary winked.
John, still processing, just turns and goes.
Irene takes the knob of the door and turns it before John can stop her, then slowly inches the door open a couple of inches. Sherlock’s thin figure is facing away from them, dressing gown swaying and frizzy hair bouncing with each violent stroke against his violin strings. The song is fierce and fast, so fast that Sherlock vibrates with it.
Sherlock waited.
After minutes or hours or days, the kiss reaches its natural end, touches slowing as they both catch their breath. Sherlock leans his forehead against John’s and tries not to think too hard about what happens next. Instead, he focuses on the tender, molten feeling glowing in his belly.
you did
“You want to with Victor, then?” John swallows. “He's the one?”
Soon enough Mrs. Hudson told the crew to take an hour for dinner and to rest up. John was bored, killing time in the cafeteria—adjacent to the theatre and used as additional ‘backstage’ area—before Greg called everyone back.  He was picking the cuffs at his (brand new for backstage) long-sleeve black shirt when Sherlock slid into the seat opposite him.
Sherlock is reluctant to leave the bookstore behind, but he squeezes John’s hand when they leave the shop, and gives him a quick kiss on the cheek at John’s long-suffering expression.
on his lips.
* * *
When Sherlock comes into the coffee shop the next morning, John is ready. He spent the entire night psyching himself up, like he used to do before a big Quidditch match. Sherlock looks guarded once again, still hunched into his shoulders.
“What?”
To his indignation, Molly’s laughter filters through his phone. “Sherlock, I have news for you. John’s been looking at you like that since your first concert. I’ve seen video footage.”
, I signed a contract!”
“God, I was such a
Upon seeing the clichéd contents of the basket (and the bottle of lubricant Sherlock had impulsively included), the checkout girl raises an eyebrow at him as she rings up his order.
His voice has dropped at least an octave, his shoulders are filled out, and wiry muscle now stretches over his arms where there wasn’t any before. He’s still the same acerbic, brilliant Sherlock as ever of course, but he seems to have settled into himself physically in a way that he wasn't before.
“Just as brilliant, just as cute,” John says.
of the month and first got together on the 12
“Surprisingly, starving.” He looked it, gaunt and hollow-cheeked. Had the boy eaten at all in the days since John went into surgery?
“What? I mean, Irene said—”
They walk out of the shed holding hands to raucous cheers, and the sight of Irene idly counting her winnings.
He suddenly remembered being six, when after his first day of school he had bawled into Mycroft’s chest, heartsick at the discovery that he wasn’t like the other children.
I’ll end up writing all of these eventually, but I usually only work on one fic at a time. Definitely let me know in the comments which one I should start writing first!
Pink is climbing up Sherlock’s neck and into his cheeks. “That’s not- I do. I do like them. The flowers. They’re poisonous! Very- thoughtful. My birthday. Well not my birthday
“That was fun, boys! I think I’ll go to sleep.”
John kisses him for the first time in full view of everyone.
, were they?” Sherlock’s voice was increasing in pitch and rate. “And you’ve spent all your time here the past three days, if you didn’t bruise your rib here it must have been at home. John?” Fearful.
John bounded up the stairs into his seat in the balcony, eager to start work. He put on a clunky wireless headset worthy of a spaceship and spoke into a microphone attached to one of the earmuffs. “John Watson on com, chief! Over!”
“In Scotland, it’s the first flower that blooms in Springtime. They bloom white and lavender, with a bit of yellow on the inside.”
“Song.”
“Yes,” his dad says. “I recognize you from Sherlock’s—“
Chest heaving, he arrives, takes in the other counselors and the scant campers who are old enough to stay on, rapid gaze skittering around the scene.
As the instruments fade away and John sings the chorus a Capella, Irene and Sherlock make their exits to either side. John is left, hair mussed, chest and soul bared as he snaps along to the end of the final chorus, the warehouse aglow in bisexual pride lights. He finishes the song, smiles slowly, and winks at the camera. With another snap of his fingers, the screen snaps to black, and the production credits appear on screen.
Sherlock turned sharply back to John, now several feet behind Sherlock’s rapid stride, expecting to find mockery or disgust in his eyes. Instead, there was only a teasing smirk and raised eyebrows.
danger, he
Sherlock’s eyes light up. “Yes. Do that.”
John remembers himself and hurries to cover his mistake. “Oh um! It’s something my mates and I said at school. It-it was like we had a whole different language up there.” He hopes his laugh doesn’t sound as stiff as it feels.
John is growing redder, glancing around the cafeteria and trying to stammer out a denial over his mother’s excitement, when Harry takes pity and interrupts.
“Good. I’ve had entirely too much of that.” John sniffed and they shared a small smile. Sherlock sat gingerly in the seat next to John’s bed. John itched to reach out and take Sherlock’s hand, but he resisted.
a John Watson fan. I’d bet a hundred quid.”
“Not interested in going then? We’d be a shoe-in for ‘Most Dangerous Job’ this year,” John will muse. “Especially now we’re pushing sixty.”
“I… understood most of those words individually,” John tells him, and is pleased when Sherlock lets out a genuine laugh in response. John hesitates a moment, then pulls out a chair adjacent to Sherlock to join him. He leans back in it, threading his fingers across his chest to affect an air of nonchalance he doesn’t feel. “I’m guessing this thesis has to do with the way you knew everything about me in ten seconds yesterday. But, ‘forensic’?”
“Just from looking at you, at your clothes, at your body language, I know immediately that you’re a medical student with a scholarship that isn’t covering all your bills. I know you went to school with Irene and she’s the one who got you this job. I know you have a dog, and that you’re something of a technophobe. And I know…” Sherlock’s expression turns bemused.
Sherlock had left Speedy's an hour before closing, telling John that he had to leave to ‘get ready for a big date’. John had leaned over the counter and fluttered his eyelashes at him.
Sherlock is shaking his head, looking horrified at the sight of John’s hand in the fire. “I’m sorry, but no. The magical pet store was great and thank you for the books, but I think stepping into a great pit of fire is my limit for one day. I’ll walk.”
. He just stared into nothing, for ages.
followed by a few paragraphs of text. John skims the article, distracted by the flickering images along the side of the page that look like wizarding photographs. When he reaches the bottom of the page, John looks at the buttons of the machine to locate the downwards pointing arrow. He carefully taps it a few times to continue reading the newspaper article. Ha! Muggle technology isn’t so hard. At the very end, the article says, “
John doesn’t contradict her as he watches the end of auditions, sees the man shakes out his shirt, tip his head back to take long gulps of water, then gathers his things to leave.
“Yes.” He says it without hesitation, face serious as he looks into Sherlock’s eyes.
about this. And it wasn’t as though it was
“John. Look at me.” Urgent.
He cleared his throat, unable to come up with a proper response. He settled, rather lamely, for, “Um. Glad I could help, then. And, uh, see you around sometime.” John turned back towards the Shop. Sherlock, after a moment’s pause, walked into the auditorium.
like that?
John jerks awake from his doze as they begin their descent towards Boston. There is a tickle under his nose and the warm, heavy weight of Sherlock’s head on his shoulder. Fondness washes through John at the sensation, at hearing the tiny snuffling noises his friend makes with each breath. He doesn’t get the chance to revel in it long, though, because when the wheels scrape the ground, Sherlock jerks awake.
John gently lifted Sherlock’s forearms away from him, effectively ending the hug. They stood and John turned in his arms to find Sherlock looking at him with sleepy eyes and a little smile.
Sherlock curled up to snuggle down deeper into John’s lap. They sat there, breathing each other’s air, in John’s chair, on a Wednesday in September, feeling endlessly grateful.
Sherlock must have realized he was close to dozing off and slapped his arse sharply twice. He said, “To bed.”
Jack smiled back holding John’s gaze. John said, “Have you got anyone here in London? Family, girlfriend?” He licked his lips, “Boyfriend?”
“Evidence.”
“Well now he’s more than that, he’s our main suspect.”
Jack bent down, and with the most sinful, raspy voice, said into John’s ear, “Glasgow.”
“Thank you for apologizing. You were being a bit of an arse.”
Mike answered right away, “John, what…”
“Sherlock tripped on something, I think he broke his wrist. I’m going to get him over to A&E.”
It was then he realized that John was holding him just as tightly, nose buried in his shirt collar and small hands gripping his shoulder blades. John’s breathing was quick and shallow. “Sherlock,” he said, incredibly soft, “Sherlock.”
Sherlock just hummed and closed his eyes again.
He woke up hugging a pillow that smelled like John. He woke up to the soft sound of John breathing, still sleeping next to him.
. “Come on,” is what he said, half-aware of the room, of his body. He was almost entirely in his own head now, swirling with desire and want and animalistic need.
John, overwhelmed, dropped unexpectedly to his knees, dislodging Sherlock’s fingers and face.
I suppose this is where this story earns its explicit rating, although it isn't because of anything John and Sherlock do together (yet).
He complied because what would be the point in fighting when his hands were tied behind his back? The larger man, wearing plaid Madras shorts of all things, sat on his buttocks and pulled at his wrists. He tried to stay silent but grunted when he felt the cool, wetness of an alcohol swab swipe over the inside of his forearm.
“Oh God, yes.”
“I can’t hear you mumbling into the pillows like that.” He plunked himself down on the arm of the couch closest to my head. He looked down and said, “Say it again.”
“Captain James Sholto?”
John pointed to his cup. “I’m fine, thanks.”
John cleared his throat, which prompted Greg and Mycroft to break their gaze. He said, “Did you find people being held here? We believe that at least two young men were being held here. Mary made a deal with some men - Seb, Orkun, and Duncan. There was money exchanged. We need to find them.” By the end of this, John was almost frantic with worry at the non-reaction he was getting from Mycroft, whose face remained frustratingly blank. John clenched his jaw and both fists.
“But don’t worry, I like that you’re sort of rude. It suits you, if that makes sense. I actually think you’re brilliant.” He squeezed my hand and said, “Now help an old Army vet up.”
Sherlock wrapped his arms around himself in a sort of self-hug. He looked down at the floor, and calmly said, “I don’t hate you, John. Quite the opposite, in fact.”
Jack Hamilton, a gorgeous blonde model represented by one of the agents at Agra, would have gone through life unnoticed if it wasn’t for his stunning looks. He was quiet, desperately shy, and appeared to have nothing interesting to say. But John knew differently. He knew it from the one and only time he got to kiss Jack.
“Ooof!” John knew it was Sherlock so he didn’t react defensively to the sudden tackling from behind, but he was annoyed. “What are you doing, you arse?”
He mumbled, “It seems I have a blind spot when it comes to my own relationships.” He nudged his elbow into John’s ribs. John responded with a wink.
“Well,” he nodded once, “Yes.”
“There! Yes. God. Oh god. There. You are so gorgeous. I love you so much. You feel so good. Fuck. So good,” John babbled between kisses. Sherlock adored when John told him when it was good. Sherlock concentrated on John and his pleasure. Steady thrusts in that hit his prostate on every push. Lubed hand stroking John’s cock. Kisses to his cheek, ear, lips, neck. Finally, he said right into John’s ear, in his lowest timbre, “I love you, come for me.”
“Come with us, sir. Someone will be outside to brief you.”
“Your outfit is quite distracting.”
Suddenly Sherlock was irritated. Beyond irritated. He’d been walking on eggshells ever since John thought he still lived with his mother.
“I've just had my best idea yet!” he shouted too loudly, apparently unable to control the volume.
John knew he could still hear him. “Better?”
John lowered his camera. “Is he all right?”
Sherlock opened the door to the lounge and let John walk in first. He looked around slowly turning to look at every detail of the room. He walked towards the window and looked out for a long time, saying nothing. Sherlock went into the kitchen to make them tea.
Greg scoffed. “What did you do with my officers?”
Sherlock placed his hands on John’s knees and gently pushed them down, nudging him out of a semi-foetal position. John laid on his side almost straight. His cock, rock hard, jutted out from his hips. Sherlock, on his side too, moved his head so it rested on the mattress right in front of it. He used one hand to gently cup John’s balls. He ran the fingers of his other hand softly up the shaft to circle around the corona slowly.
Still flustered, he quickly replied too loudly, “No!”
Sherlock loved him so much he could not breathe properly.
“I am unlikely to try to find any coke while you are with me, at least for now.”
on Tumblr.
Their knees touched. Sherlock wasn’t used to John being this close into his personal space, and leaned back against the sofa cushion. But John didn’t look angry, he looked pensive, almost frightened. And a bit sad. He didn’t look away though, which Sherlock took as a good sign. He didn’t want to upset John. He loved John. He needed John. He just needed for John to forgive him so they could get back to normal.
John listened reluctantly and scoffed and complained in all of the right places. But he couldn’t help but agree with the beautiful genius. What he was saying made the most sense to get at the powers that be at Agra.
Sherlock kissed John’s lips again. A gentle and silent request to come back, to focus on him.
The blonde man and Not-John had jolted something in Sherlock. He flinched a bit at the realization. He wanted to be the tall man. He wanted his John to look at him like that. He wanted to embrace John on a crowded street, in the light of the street lamps, and have his face betray his feelings with a big goofy smile.
John had to calm his breathing, and tried to lower his heart rate. Threatening to kill everyone involved with the operation probably wouldn’t help Sherlock heal. He turned his head and kissed Sherlock’s palm. He opened his mouth to speak.
John didn’t hear anger, though. He heard sadness.
This man was beautiful and John knew he was going to be stunning in the photographs, but he’d had just about enough of the strung-out hyperactive child that stood before him.
Instead of running away from these images, these thoughts of
, John thought,
and Twitter at
“I’m sorry, love.” He continued to stroke Sherlock’s cheek and said, “Sit up a bit. I brought you water.”
“What did you study?”
John smirked at Sherlock’s reaction to the man’s terrible fashion sense and squeezed his thigh.
“Why now?”
“You’re good to me.”
Sure enough, John was looking down, watching his hand stroking his erection slowly. Sherlock was relieved he had not sped up, which meant he wasn’t close.
“John!”
“Exactly,” Sherlock said, smiling widely. He folded John into a tight embrace on the steps of 221b and buried his face in John’s neck. He inhaled deeply against his humid skin, realizing that John’s scent alone was enough to make him hard. John bewildered him, and fascinated him, and turned him on like no one he’d ever been with. He couldn’t wait to get him naked. “Come on,” he said and dragged John up the stairs by the hand.
Sherlock nuzzled into John’s neck further. “I hardly think of that now. I can only think of you and me.” He raised his head to look at John. His lips hovered so close to John’s. He dropped his voice and repeated, “You and me.”
“Can you relax? We're going to start now.’
“I’m sorry?” John choked out, completely shocked.
John looked down and seemed to notice Sherlock’s laced-up shoes. He put his hand to the center of Sherlock’s chest and moved down his body, hovering his face over the bulge in his jeans. John lowered his face to the hard ridge and placed an open-mouthed kiss over the head. Sherlock gasped and just barely succeeded in not shoving his crotch into John’s face. John lowered both hands to his hips and held him down as he trailed tiny kisses up and down his erection. Sherlock moaned, not believing the strength of sensation and eroticism he felt with this surprisingly obscene gesture.
He flung himself to his knees in front of John and grabbed both hands in his. John wouldn’t even look at him.
Sherlock’s eager tongue licked flat wet stripes from John’s perineum to arsehole, over and over again. John had relaxed into his bent position on the table, head cradled in one crooked arm, his other hand reached back to gently run his fingers through Sherlock’s curls.
Sherlock had never dared to upset the balance.
. He accepted this rejection with as much dignity as he could muster, offered well-wishes to the couple, organized the wedding so that nothing would make their day anything but special (he hadn't counted on a murderer). He even managed to act happy at the wedding, lie during his toast that they were simply best friends, play the violin for them, and offer his protection to the happy couple and their unborn child. With the happy news, he'd departed quietly so that he didn't disrupt the festivities.
However, whenever that train of thought entered the station, John quickly derailed it. It wasn't healthy to think such dangerously possessive thoughts. He had no right to Sherlock.
Mycroft turned on the telly, switching to some news station. He watched it, ignoring the yelling of his mother and the snarky, shouted remarks of his brother in favor of learning of the politics of the world and the happenings of society.
Months later, Irene Adler had waltzed into their lives wearing nothing at all and wielding a I-am-better-than-you persona. Sherlock had been intrigued, if only for her bravado. When he'd seen her wrist, he'd been repentant.
More crashes and screams and yells could be heard. She yanked the window up and open, putting one leg out the window. She was straddling the window now, and that's when John's nervous system finally kicked in. "Harry, what are you doing?" John hissed, getting up.
When he finally got to the crowd surrounding the downed man, John was incoherent, mumbling about how that was 'his friend,' still not able to admit the truth aloud. He fought through the crowd, seeing all the blood splattered on the pavement. His brain wasn't functioning properly as he dropped down next to the body, clutching at his soulmate, hoping to hold the life within the seemingly lifeless body. The crowd watched on, pitying the poor man who'd lost so much in a moment.
Just pain and fear and contempt.
Was Sherlock repulsive to him?
his soulmate, John completely abandoned Sherlock in favor of some perfect, safe life with the woman. Mrs. Hudson may love Mary, but John wasn't hers. He was Sherlock's.
The EMTs checked him over, if only to make sure the blood wasn't his. They gave him a blanket, and John numbly held it as he cried openly into Molly's shoulder. Lestrade was there, eyes red but no tears falling. He was growling at all his officers, ordering them about. Sally Donovan was forbidden from coming to the scene, as was Anderson. Both appeared repentant, though, even guilty.
But now Sherlock was hurtling towards the earth, and John hadn't said he'd loved him yet.
he decided on, smiling at her kindly, almost sympathetically. She was a small mouse flirting with a dangerous, disinterested lion. And the saddest part was that he could hurt her without even a thought. He could kill her with a flick of his claws, and he wouldn't even realize it.
"Can you ever forgive me?"
John paused at the thought. He'd never acknowledged it. Not really. It wasn't his place, his right, his choice. Sherlock wasn't his choice. Mary was. Sweet Mary- she was everything John's father had wanted his son's soulmate to be. Sweet, smart, accomplished, and a woman.
"You watch too much telly," Mycroft commented coolly. Mycroft had never put much thought into the name written in sloppy handwriting- as if it had been written in a rush- on his own wrist. Sherlock's was written more professionally, strict even. As if the man who bore the name was very... proficient at whatever it was he did or was meant to do. Mycroft only distantly wondered what, perhaps, did his name look like on his soulmate's wrist.
"Love?" Sherlock questioned, concerned.
He loved Sherlock.
"Not all soulmates are good for each other, kid."
. He felt like he needed chest compressions. He felt like he was
The chance to stop this from happening had come and gone, but Delilah had been too frightened of the thought of life without her soulmate to protect her own son, and John had been too determined let his mother decide his fate to say a word.
"When he was dying, he was always cheerful, he was lovely. Except when he thought no one could see. I saw him once. He looked sad," She quickly explained, silencing Sherlock.
Harry began crying, and John reached out to his elder sister. "Shhh, Harry. Everything's going to be okay," John whispered to his sister, trying to calm his own racing heart.
Yes, Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade was his friend, not Mycroft's. Besides, in their youths, Mycroft had not seemed in the least bit interested in finding his soulmate. Why should Sherlock share his first friend with his brother?
"Yes?" John replied, straining for normalcy in his voice.
John had convinced himself that there had been no lasting effects on their friendship. The two were supposed to be fine. They were supposed to still trust each other like no one else. That simply wasn't true. Sherlock still believed John would hit him, and why shouldn't he think that? Sherlock had requested John hit him for a case, and it had ended in a brawl in the streets when Sherlock hit John. Sherlock had appeared after his death, and John had beat him up. Sherlock had gotten hooked on drugs again to save John from himself, and John had beat him.
happiness, and happiness was when John was with
Sherlock laid John out on the bed, mesmerized by the sight of John. John stripped with ease, and Sherlock couldn't stop staring at the revealed skin. "Sherlock, if you don't stop staring, I'll take care of this myself."
"Not until Mummy ceases her yelling."
Timothy shook his head and went to make dinner.
annoying. "Do you honestly think 'Gregory' will be any easier to find?" Mycroft questioned his little brother, giving him a deadpan look. Sherlock instantly snapped his mouth closed before some obviously idiotic remark could slip between his lips. A thoughtful look crossed his face, as if he was trying to think up some smart comeback, but none came to him. Mycroft smiled triumphantly.
Sherlock, unlike John, showed off his own. Well, not really. But he didn't hide it, either. He saw John glance down at it, but John didn't react. Just looked back at Sherlock's face. Mike was smiling at the two, as if waiting for something to happen, but nothing did. Disappointment fluttered across his face, but Sherlock couldn't exactly pinpoint why. Did Mike think that John Watson might be His John?
John almost had a heart attack.
Mrs. Hudson had been furious with John. If it wasn't bad enough that he had left Sherlock for some woman who was
As John watched him, listened to Sherlock's 'note,' John couldn't help but hate himself for not acting on his feelings, for ignoring the names' on both their wrists in favor of hiding his fear. He didn't deserve a man as great as Sherlock, and Sherlock didn't deserve John's baggage. It wasn't until now, faced with potentially losing Sherlock, that he realized just how much he was in love with Sherlock, and how much he hated his father for ruining him.
Sherlock desperately wanted to kiss John.
"I'm so sorry, Harry." Tears collected in John's eyes, but he didn't let them fall.
Sherlock just hoped to die.
The flinch.
The two looked at each other, but John just took back his wrist like he normally would and went back to reading the paper. Sherlock
The truth.
John sighed, resigned.
"You're a bit like my dad. He's dead. No, sorry—" Molly rambled, her words spilling out before her mind had bid them to.
"John, don't believe so little of me. I'm your
"Sherlock, please, you don't have to do this," John begged, staring up at Sherlock on the edge of the roof as he clutched the phone.
"I love you, I love you, I love you..." John kept mumbling, repeating the phrase over and over as if it would somehow change how he'd spent every moment he had with his soulmate, but it couldn't. No one could change the past.
While this didn't seem out of the ordinary to anyone who did not know Sherlock very well, Molly Hooper could tell this wasn't quite Sherlock. Usually he'd just sigh, or mutter to himself, but remain polite in his own way. This Sherlock had no qualms with making someone cry.
But that wasn't John's place.
Mycroft had no knowledge of Dr. Watson being Sherlock's John. There was no medical record of the name written on the military man's wrist, despite the military's extensive records on him. It was common for civilians' not have a record of it due to parents' wanting to keep their kids' soulmates private, though sometimes it was noted by the doctors and physicians, but the military usually has it in their file. The military commonly found soldiers' and other military personnel's soulmates. They spent valuable time and resources to ensure that those who fought for their country would never be left not knowing their soulmates.
His father didn't get up.
It had only been there for a second, a mere grimace, like Sherlock had been bracing himself, but it meant everything to John.
"You wouldn't want to hear about it. Let's just keep the mood light. How about breakfast?" John quickly suggested, smiling at his new lover. Perhaps food would distract him.
The truth is his mother is a sweet woman who is too weak to stop her husband, but tries to make him a better man.
The topic hasn't ever been truly addressed. Before Mary, John had completely ignored their connection to the point where Sherlock had to forcibly look at John's wrist to know with certainty that they were soulmates. After Sherlock came back, their feelings simmered barely under the surface, no one acknowledging it. Even now, John pushed it away.
just because we're soulmates!" John yelled, turning to glare at Sherlock. His chest was heaving with rage, his heart pounding as memories assaulted his consciousness.
John chose to marry Mary, to be happy with Mary,
Sherlock had learned long ago from Mrs. Hudson that not all soulmates were good for each other. Her husband had been proof of such things. No, her husband hadn't been her soulmate, but one of his goons, Mark, was, and he'd gotten murdered for it. Frank Hudson had even murdered Mark's current girlfriend to clear up any witnesses. Sherlock, of course, needed no witness to prove the crime, and he had ensured that she would never have to be afraid of him again. But, due to her soulmate's death, it had become an ugly, red scar to always remind her of the price she'd had to pay for her lusting after a hardened criminal.
John groaned, twisting his head to make his neck more accessible to the curly-haired man. Sherlock eagerly moved along his neck, taking it as an invitation to keep going. John's dug his short, blunt nails into the tight skin of Sherlock's back, moaning loudly. He'd never been this vocal, even with Mary. Somehow, Sherlock released everything John had kept tightly wound in his chest.
Just like that, Sherlock was shocked into motion, tearing off his own clothes with an eagerness he'd only shown during particularly tricky cases.
"Molly." It was almost a plea, but Sherlock Holmes did not beg. Molly continued in the wake of his silence. "You look sad. When you think he can't see you." She gestured to John, and Sherlock knew he'd been caught red-handed. Molly knew. Everyone might know, and it solved nothing.
"Nothing. I don't know. You could probably say thank you, actually," Molly rambled, and Sherlock wished he could take back everything he'd said.
Sherlock was only nine, and he was being particularly bothersome today, if Mycroft was to be believed. But then again, what sixteen-year-old wanted to spend any extended amount of time with their little brother?
"Of course you are."
"Oh, sure, sure John," Mrs. Hudson said absentmindedly, waving her hand about her head as if she was shooing away a fly. Sherlock chuckled, and John glared at him. John suddenly cracked a smile, and Sherlock's breath got caught somewhere between his chest and his throat.
She looked back up at him, her eyes begging, as they heard another yell that was distinctly their father.
with Sherlock.
He wished he could tell John of his plans, tell him that this goodbye would not be forever, that they would be together when John was safe, and the people who threatened him were six feet under. But he couldn't- not if he wanted John to be truly safe while Sherlock was away.
Mycroft kept tabs on John. Sherlock's friends were Mycroft's responsibility until Sherlock could return.
"If she did, she didn't say anything," John said, and Sherlock chuckled.
So, after twenty-four hours, Scotland Yard was forced to let them all go, unable to prove anything.
"I don't count. What I'm trying to say is, if there's anything I can do—anything you need, anything at all—you can have me. No, I just mean. I mean, if there's anything you need, it's fine."
Troubles didn't arise between the happy two for a few months.
John had never thought about it, but that's what he felt like before he met Sherlock.
It was Delilah's.
His abdomen moved.
Everyone in school taught him that soulmates were to protect each other, love each other, comfort each other. Not hurt them. So how could John turn in his own father, his mother's soulmate?
It was quite frustrating, meeting someone with the same name as the one on your wrist, but being unable to see their wrist, their mark. That infernal watch was covering his wrist, and the man's face didn't reveal anything upon hearing Sherlock's name.
John was a drug Sherlock refused to quit.
"Why do you hide from me?" The detective questioned, hiding his hurt with surgical precision. Sherlock refused to let whatever was between them persist. He wanted the canyon between them gone, torn away by their love.
John had to think Sherlock was dead.
All that mattered was John, his dead wife, and their motherless little girl.
Given he was willing to be roommates, Sherlock most likely wasn't repulsive to him. But he couldn't be sure on his other questions.
"You complete my soul, but I don't complete yours. Don't be sorry for that. You deserve the world on a golden platter. Find the one who you bare on your wrist, and don't let them go. But, if you can't find them, always know that I am here for you."
Sherlock hesitated but John could see his hand twitch as if he wanted to reach for John too.
“Your brother,” he said.
At the moment it was pleasingly erect due to the REM sleep induced hormonal peak dominating John’s present physiology. Sherlock took in every detail about the small trail of hair leading from his stomach to the trimmed blond hair on his pubis. He memorized the shape of the frenulum, the meandering veins, the seam and pebbled skin of his bollocks, the color of the head compared to the shaft, and the musky clean smell of skin, soap, and cotton.
Sherlock heard him walk into their bedroom, get into bed, and turn off the light.
John turned and walked out of the room, towards the kitchen, Sherlock supposed.
(See the end of the chapter for
In fact, they found out that Sherlock actually liked that Victor fucked other people. And he liked hearing about it. Since this information surfaced, Victor loved to turn Sherlock on by describing recent encounters in great, filthy detail.
When two forensics technicians entered the small space, John stood there watching them. He felt completely helpless, he imagined he could still feel Sherlock in the room. He still heard his impossibly deep voice, raised a few octaves, saying “What are you…” before it trailed off. John watched as the technicians took fingerprints from every available surface in the room. John looked around. There was nothing more to see. Just his imagination filling in the picture of Sherlock laid out on the carpet, helpless and trying to say his name.
There was a forceful rap at the door, “Sherlock.”
They remained best friends for the years following their awkward kiss. Victor experimented sexually with many other boys their age and even had a steady boyfriend for three weeks. Sherlock liked the bloke, but when he deduced that he was kissing someone else in class too, he felt he needed to tell Victor. He didn’t know how Victor would react, but he was pleasantly surprised to find that he laughed. He said, “I know, Holmes. We’re too young to just have each other.” So Sherlock went on that way, deducing Victor’s flings, steering him away from the cruel, the too-old, or the unclean.
“No, I don’t think you can offer me what I need.” He didn’t quite sneer, but it was clear that he was not impressed with John’s politeness. John was not about to “offer him what he needed,” or what this young addict
There it was again, that word. Sherlock fell all the way to the floor until his head was almost entirely under John’s bed, cheek on the hard wood floor, panting and blinking tears from his eyes.
They sipped their drinks, ordered a kabob and chimichurri fries to share. They were relaxed and a bit giddy from having just solved the case, a bit of jet-lag, and the outstanding shag they’d had in the back room of a famous Beverly Hills shirtmaker. They talked about lots of little things. They talked about the case a bit and their new nickname. They discussed the tacky, yet somehow sexy, decor of the restaurant. They were in no hurry and just wanted to enjoy each other’s company on their last evening in California.
The bartender set Sherlock's and John's drinks in front of them and they thanked him quietly.
John watched as he paced in front of their windows, bare arse muscles flexing. Long, flaccid penis bouncing back and forth with each stilted step, as Sherlock tried to hear something John could not.
Sherlock smiled softly and let all of his love and affection for John show all over his face.
They sipped their coffees and looked at Greg’s silent mobile phone.
Things were mostly smooth during the first days of their cohabitation. They rarely argued. Or if they did, it was because Sherlock did something infuriatingly reckless or disgustingly messy. John would admonish him with exasperation that was only half-serious. Sherlock always pulled him out of these moods with affectionate caresses or kisses.
John stood there, staring into Sherlock’s eyes sternly. He ran his hand over Sherlock’s forehead, pushing his fringe back, then trailed fingertips over the side of his face.
Sherlock hummed a little then kissed John again. They laid together quietly for a long time, sometimes stroking up arms. Sometimes with eyes open, sometimes closed. They were perfectly comfortable, awake, yet in a dream. Love surrounded them. They both felt it in their DNA.
“You stimulate me. Full stop”
“War photographer, hurt badly in a secret operation right after the Reuters journalists. You were shot in the…right?...I’m not sure...shoulder. You weren’t supposed to be where you were and you were going to get someone important to you in trouble. Getting shot was inconvenient like that. You were snuck out of the war zone. You left the country, rehabbed in London or the States, and reinvented yourself as an edgy fashion photographer.”
He tamped down his nerves, wiping his palms discreetly against the back pockets of his jeans. He schooled his face into his most placid expression, posing as the vacant model for this woman. “I’m here for an appointment with Agra.”
“No, I’m not.”
The warehouse portion of the building was on the south side. Two other officers from Greg’s team were on the north side where the offices were. John, Greg, and MacGregor snuck in under the cover of darkness. They silently moved across the back wall, each in contact with the others through slick, nearly invisible ear pieces. At the far end of the vast space, light spilled out through an open doorway. As they approached they could hear low voices. John thought they didn’t sound quite as relaxed as they had looked.
“ - prepares perfect sashimi. Who can make chocolate croissants. Someone who will paint your portrait and write sonnets about you and sing odes to the beauty of your eyes and...and...your arse! Not me, Sherlock! You need someone better than me!”
He walked around the room then paced rapidly back and forth in front of the windows. He answered, “Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock loudly demanded that the manager of the Tesco Express, a flustered 20-year old, give back his card. Of course, the manager had no way of doing that. Sherlock flailed his arms about, yelling extremely embarrassing deductions about each cashier, the manager, and the CEO and CFO of Tesco PLC. John stepped in, grabbed him from behind as if doing the heimlich, and dragged him out backwards
He sat back on his heels, resting his hands on Sherlock’s hips and smiled up at him. He hoped he didn’t look as smug as he felt.
“Because you deserve it you miserable arse.” John smiled, “Plus it makes me wickedly giddy to think of how possessive you are of me.” He hastily added, sincerely, “But I am ashamed, because I shouldn’t feel that way when you are in pain.” John rubbed up and down his shins and calves.
“Great! That was just great. Let's get you changed and we’ll come over here.”
“Where’re you goin’?”
“I’m looking for new representation.”
The man lowered his chin further and flashed his eyes open wider for a split second. “Yes,” he drawled again as if Greg was being completely obtuse. John found ‘Mycroft’ to be more irritating by the minute. He knew Greg agreed with him by the huff of exasperation and the increasingly red color of his face.
Sherlock looks intently into John’s eyes, gripping his hand a little tighter. Very seriously, he asks, “Will you take me home? Will you tell Angelo that we need to leave now? Will you walk with me, holding my hand all the way home, all the way up the stairs and into my bedroom? Will you kiss me, and touch me, and fuck me? Will you let me kiss and touch and fuck you? Will you sleep in my bed, all night, naked, and wake up in the morning and do it all again?”
Sherlock pulled off and said, “Oh fuck.” His hand didn’t stop as he swirled his tongue over the dark purple head.
“North Captiva Island.”
He walked back into the lounge and started reading them to John. “Purple magazine. Watson is the photographer. Rented a small cottage for you for two days.”
“Right,” John said.
Something was bothering John. He was reluctant to bring it up, to open up old wounds but in the interest of good communication he said, “This case got under my skin a bit.”
Sherlock kissed his nose, cheeks, eyelids, jaw, that little cleft in his chin. John sighed, opened his eyes, and leaned forward to softly kiss Sherlock’s waiting lips.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and parroted John’s response back to him, “Yes, well. Did you know of situations like this?”
Looking at my reflection - flushed and disheveled - I knew I needed to tell him. I calculated that there was only a 27% chance that he would return my sentiments but it was unfair to my new friend if I didn’t say anything, knowing I felt this way.
In the tried and true modus operandi of criminals everywhere, a giant bag of cash was exchanged between Duncan and Graham. They didn’t shake hands. Mary looked eager to have them leave and said, “Thank you, it’s been a pleasure.” She turned on her heels and walked into the building leaving the men to talk with Graham.
“I’m funnier with you,” John smirked with a mischievous glint as he looked down, “I’m sexier with you.”
At the end of Baker Street, there’s a Chinese restaurant that stays open late. That is where I took John the second time we ate together.
“What? No, we’re going home together but I’m going to look at your arm first.”
“Major? Nice. So you and Major James Sholto had fantastic tea together in Afghanistan for how long?”
I didn’t like this line of questioning. There was no way I could tell him where I was. I got up from my chair and walked towards the couch ready to lie down and put John Watson out of my mind.
Sherlock stilled, staring at John's stern face. He responded beautifully, quickly shedding the heavy coat and scrambling to stand as directed.
He picked up his violin and started playing. John looked up and smiled briefly, clearly recognizing the song. He went back to his soup. Sherlock sang, “I’m singin’ in the rain, just singin’ in the rain, what a glorious feeling, John’s happy again.”
He turned and went back to the kitchen table for his notebook. He’d check on John every thirty minutes until he seemed ready to wake. By the time that happened, he would think of a plan to get John to his own bed none the wiser.
(See the end of the chapter for
It was late, they needed sleep.
John looked at Greg. He saw remorse and worry in the lines of his forehead, and concern in his eyes. Concern for Sherlock, but also for him. He’d been about to burst all day long. He wanted to shout and cry and punch something very badly.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s chest squeezed painfully as he was reminded of their failure to keep him safe. “I know. I heard you. I’m so sorry, love.”
“I want to start again, and treat you like you deserve, and exclusively. I want us to be exclusive.”
They changed into their swim clothes thinking of heading to the beach, but lingered on the deck instead. The sun was still high in the sky given the late hour. Summer in Florida. Hot, sticky, breezy. The champagne, the smell of the sea, and the sight of Sherlock in tight black swim trunks and a lilac linen shirt with buttons undone and hanging open was making John squirm. His own olive green swim pants wouldn’t be concealing his feelings for long. He peeled his eyes from Sherlock’s long legs to gaze out at the eight different shades of bluish-green that was their view of the cloudy sky and calm sea.
“Friends?”
It took John a full minute to recover from the shock, the helplessness. When he overcame his paralysis, he whirled around to look at Greg who was hanging up his call.
Sherlock closed his mouth and quirked one eyebrow at John.
“Hang on. Jesus!”
John looked up at him and smiled. A genuine pleased and slightly lascivious grin.
“Yes, fuck me. Just like that. Ah...you look so...you feel so…” mumbled John, apparently unable to finish at thought.
“Don’t say you’re sorry again,” he snapped.
Rating goes up for this chapter :)
Quicker than expected, Victor stood and faced Madras-shorts. He had his hands up and didn’t go closer as if he knew he shouldn’t. “Hey mate, please, can you please cut his arms loose?”
“No, you’re not.”
“I’m not sure why you think you can say such horrible things to me.”
“I’ve only ever loved you. Please believe me when I say I have no interest in the people around us who may notice or flirt with me. I dismiss it as soon as it happens.”
“You’ll never wear these again, why are you moving them down to my...our...room?”
Just as John shoved Sherlock clear of the door and onto the sidewalk, he turned to Greg and Mycroft with a wink and a thumbs up.
“You’re perfect,” he groaned as he came hard inside of John’s warm, lovely body.
. John stayed close, asked the doctors all of the right questions, and kept his hand on some part of Sherlock the whole time.
*When Sherlock stubbed his toe on the foot of John’s chair and acted like it was as painful as that time he got pistol whipped in the jaw. Sherlock’s toes were especially sensitive. As soon as John got him to stop jumping around and howling, he sat him down in his chair and kissed the tender toe until Sherlock’s watery eyes lifted to his and smiled, softly saying
Sherlock stood there, frozen. He stared at John, soap bubbles clinging to already-damp curls.
”Yep. Too late,” he growled, and pulled Sherlock into a rough kiss.
Greg got up and walked towards him. They stood together, closer than necessary. Mycroft smelled amazing, as always, and Greg felt fluttering in his belly.
Sherlock met Victor in primary school. Black floppy hair, glasses, prominent brow and nose, perfect bow lips and brown eyes full of mischief, even at eight years old.
John hissed, “They’re not shooting at us.”
“John, you have to let me,” he said, as he scooted back and clawed at the drawstring of John’s pajama bottoms.
“You’re a bastard,” Sherlock said and looked at him. He couldn’t help but smile, “A gorgeous, sexy bastard and apparently my libido has finally surfaced.”
I decided not to worry and retired to the sofa to read the papers. A brief article about a woman found stabbed to death in her hedges at an affluent Cotswolds estate caught my attention. Would Moriarty be involved in something like that? Who was Moriarty? Upon further reading, no, the husband has been detained. A love relationship gone bad. Don’t they all? Dull. The irony of my own new feelings for John and my previously held beliefs on romance was not lost on me. I grunted dissatisfaction to no one in particular.
He had a voice. A particular way of speaking, like the Majors with whom he’d spent so much time. “Take off your coat. Stand here,” he pointed at a spot near the windows.
He hung there, tense, waiting.
Sherlock gasped, “Oh!”
That night I needed my most risky, yet favorite, bolt hole to think.
“Oh for fuck’s sake,” John said.
He didn’t know exactly how to start. He wasn’t used to talking his way out of situations. His talking usually led them
There they saw John pulling Sherlock away from the bar. Sherlock was retching and muttering.
“Flatmates should tell each other where they are going and how long they’ll be out.”
“All right, so the esteemed D.I. Lestrade will help us?”
The feel of Sherlock’s long fingers and the underside of his gorgeous arrow-straight cock against his own was life-changing. Deep, wet kisses and the taste of Sherlock was intoxicating. He knew he was addicted for life and could never be changed. The thought brought John closer to impending orgasm.
Topping still John’s physical attraction, was his deep admiration of Sherlock’s brain. He was brilliant. He was driven to solve crimes in order to help people because he was brave and right.
In the end, the lead up to the shower took a bit longer than he thought. He had agreed to it, and Sherlock took that as a green light to pull John back on top of him, not giving a second thought to the mess between them. John gave up. He didn’t really care anyway. Not when Sherlock was humming with satisfaction and tracing his fingers up and down his spine with a feather-light touch that seemed to be lulling him into sleep. They didn’t have anything on today so
It was extremely inconvenient when they had a case. They needed lights, wifi, charged phones, and the electric kettle.
John’s knees almost gave out and he whimpered embarrassingly. Sherlock huffed out a tiny laugh.
“Stop moving or I’ll knock you out,” the man threatened and put his huge hand over the back of Sherlock’s neck. As he felt the familiar sting of the needle, he couldn’t help the thrill of anticipation for the lightning quick zip of cocaine moving amongst his blood. Of course, he had deduced that it wouldn’t just be cocaine since Victor’s behaviour suggested more. Something terrifyingly extra.
“No.”
“Ah!” he cried out, a bit surprised.
John loved Sherlock. He adored him, always had. He was even attracted to him, how could he not be? But he'd suppressed those feelings when he realized they were completely useless. Sherlock was asexual. And friendship was enough for John. He just wanted to work with him and be in his life.
Within a few short minutes, Sherlock was moaning and stroking John’s hair and jaw. Sherlock looked at John’s lips around his cock, softly murmuring, “John. Oh. John.”
He hissed, “What’s going on?”
“That's never motivated you before.”
done?”
“Wha-”
“Last time we were here, we had just met. You told me you considered yourself married to your work.”
I wanted him though. I could not deny how much I wished to touch him. Wishes were futile and childish. I spent the rest of that night listening to deafening chimes, the waning traffic, and the tidal rhythms of the Thames.
They heard laughter and then one of their mobiles pinged with a text alert. They heard the sound of car tires on gravel from the entrance they’d used. Greg tapped John on the arm and pointed to a stack of large crates. John moved swiftly to hide from the headlights, as Greg and MacGregor followed. There was plenty of room and if they were very lucky, MacGregor’s body cam would record their transaction.
Sherlock jumped. He hadn’t heard John move, but there he was leaning against the doorframe.
John blew out a relieved breath and squeezed his hand tighter around Sherlock.
“Sherlock,” he paused, “I hope we can work together again someday but you made it clear you don’t want to be...friends so I’m not sure - “
“But it was an easy enough deduction. You were annoyed by my dickish behaviour, sorry about that, by the way.” Ah, an apology just appeared to spill from my lips. Interesting. “So you went walking and ended up having lunch and a few pints at the pub with the recent remodel just down the road from Hanover gate.”
Sherlock’s traitorous mind just couldn’t let it go.
“What?”
As Sherlock removed his shirt, he tried to remember the location of some of the supplies he would need. It took all of his concentration to tear his eyes from a naked John Watson, with his dopey soft smile, low humming, and unabashed erection. He turned to walk into the kitchen.
Sherlock’s teasing grin immediately slid off of his face. He stared at John’s face, which was currently sporting a huge shit-eating grin.
“I have my best people searching every corner, in and out, of that building. Let’s go get something to eat while we wait.”
This is an AU that doesn't fit into the world of the rest of the chapters of this collection.
“I haven’t any. Just...making sure you’re okay.” He looked down and a slight flush appeared on his cheeks. Sherlock wanted to devour him.
“John,” he moaned. “Yes, yes, yes, yes.”
Jack just nodded.
“She knows she’s on it, too. She’s not stupid.”
“Of course I want to kiss you! You’re my best friend.”
John shook himself out of whatever lewd fantasy he was having and said, “So what’s on today?”
“Hey, Myc.”
“I’m sorry. I must go. Finish your food, it’s taken care of.” I nodded to the manager and left as quickly as I could without running.
Sherlock moved over to nuzzle at John's ear. He slowly, sloppily licked at his earlobe, making John squirm in his seat. Sherlock took his time and alternated gentle bites with slow licking and tender kisses. He loved to lavish attention on one area of John's body, so the ear worship continued for long moments. John continued to moan and hum.
“Don’t be an idiot, John,” he said, quite nonchalantly.
John chuckled weakly at his lame joke, “I hope you found it as delicious as I did, but I mean real food, love.”
Sherlock turned onto his back and Victor sank to the floor, pulling him into a tight embrace. He put his aching arms around his oldest friend and didn’t let go for a very long time.
“You looked me up somehow,” John said, incredulous. He couldn’t decide if he should be flattered that a gorgeous young man sought him out online or frightened that an unpredictable drug addict stalked him through unknown channels.
Sherlock looked at him, scowled actually. He looked like he was trying to figure out a terrifically difficult puzzle. After a moment, his face relaxed, a smug expression took over his lovely features, and he crossed his arms.
He made a frustrated noise and buried his face into the crease between couch cushions, like a captured wild animal, willing its captor not to notice him.
John regained composure long enough to put the t-shirt down, walk to the flat door and lock it. This bizarre and somewhat arousing display would be for him and no one else. He walked back towards Sherlock and simply watched.
With a sound that was both growl and moan, Sherlock lunged at John’s cock, engulfing it fully into his mouth. John cried out, “Oh god!”
She never stopped smiling the whole time he spoke.
Graham said, “I’ll just leave you two then. If you need anything…” he trailed off.
“Very well. Seb, as he was called for this operation, was one of mine. We apprehended a woman and a man, in possession of three hundred thousand pounds in cash, and two young men, one of them my brother.”
On their first night together he thought John was attracted to him and had been flirting with him. But his denials that night, and his subsequent repudiations were so convincing that Sherlock knew he was mistaken. Sherlock hated that he had a weak spot, but he did. He had never learned to recognize when someone was chatting him up.
“Sherlock. Everyone thinks that.”
It took a long moment, but Victor answered, “A lot.”
Mycroft just smiled placidly. “As you wish.” He stood and walked towards the door. When he reached the doorway, he said without turning around, “I’m glad you’re safe, Sherlock.”
Sherlock drifted to sleep easily with John there, in front of him, warm under his duvet. After what felt like several hours, he woke alone. He heard soft voices coming from the living room and knew that Mycroft had come. John had left him pills and water. He felt remarkably better than he had earlier, but he took the pills anyway, sensing a headache could reappear quickly given his brother’s proximity. He dressed quickly and entered the lounge. Mycroft was sitting in his chair. He rolled his eyes and sighed.
But then Victor removed his t-shirt.
There was simply no recognition on Sherlock’s beautiful face for a full five seconds.
He wasn’t used to thinking about anyone else, but with John it was easy. John consumed most of his waking thoughts. Another week went by of lazy mornings, coffee at Speedy’s and trips to the Tate Modern and Design Museum. Sherlock could tell John was getting restless, wanted to go back to work, as much as he was enjoying their time together.
The first time they were each on their sides of the bed. John reached over to touch Sherlock’s torso. He had a habit of checking to see if he was breathing.
“I’m sorry, John. You seem healthy and able to per -”
Sometimes things needed to be explained very clearly to Sherlock. “Yes. Yes, of course,” He didn’t know what had gotten into his flustered friend so he sought to re-assure him of the thing he was surest of. John grabbed a towel and dried his hands. He ran his hands up Sherlock’s chest, noting he was breathing shallowly with agitation.
John thrust into Sherlock from behind and said, “I love to fuck you. You're perfect.” Sherlock could only grunt in response. He leaned forward onto his elbows, head hanging down until his fringe brushed the sheets. He was trembling slightly, a response to John’s torturously unpredictable rhythm. His nape was wet with hot drops of sweat that slowly moved down each curl. It dripped onto his forearms.
After a few long moments, Victor’s dark brown eyes narrowed and his eyebrows pulled together. “Holmes?”
“Cocaine, ketamine, and GHB or something like it. A hallucinogen. Quite a nasty mix. My hangover is quite unpleasant.”
“Thank you.”
“Keep talking and you’ll completely miss that process.”
Sherlock looked at the numbers and couldn’t believe it. He knew John was big, but these numbers were unbelievable.
As Sherlock was known for misunderstanding the difference between “good” and “not good,” he was unsure what to do with John’s leg which dangled awkwardly off the bed. He stared for an unknown period of time while John slept soundly.
Sherlock nodded. “He was already on alert because of Victor, then when I didn’t leave Shoreditch house...he had every vehicle leaving the vicinity followed.”
Greg said seriously, “Nothing has ever happened between us.”
“Are you serious? You can’t just…”
“I’m going to fuck you until you can’t walk. Until you can’t speak. You’ll be ruined. Death by fucking.”
,” John spat the last word venomously, “I thought, I felt...I thought that you were dead again and I hadn’t told you that I love you.” John stopped pacing and stared at Sherlock. His face was open and calm, almost defiant.
“Of course I do. I always have.”
John lifted his hands and ran them along Sherlock’s forearms to interlace their fingers together. He pulled Sherlock’s hands away so that he could twist and face him. Sherlock stayed close and they joined hands again. John looked up into the most exotically beautiful face he’d ever laid eyes on and said, “Sherlock…”
I stared at her for a long moment before confessing. That’s what I had summoned her for, wasn’t it?
Troubled, he tried to focus on his location.
Sherlock’s eyes focused on John’s and he breathed in a giant inhale, pausing as his lungs filled. He finally said, “You…?” It was half a question.
John reached up and they held each other’s faces just staring into each other’s eyes. It was incredibly intimate and sentimental and everything he’d avoided all of his life. He stared back at John’s beautifully soft expression and thought he might have found someone who could love him.
The enhancement to his eyes was nothing short of stunning. As it was, he had the most beautiful eyes John had ever seen. But with the dark lines surrounding them, they were mesmerizing. John watched as each bar patron reacted with obvious lustful shock when Sherlock leveled his gaze at them.
“I’m fine, John. I just want to go home. I’ll see you there later.”
First, a bath.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What?”
“I adore you, too. My love.”
John kissed the back of his neck and whispered, “We did.”
“What do you mean?” He crossed his arms over his chest.
Sherlock hugged him back and said, “John, I will always want you.”
He pulled back, quirked one corner of his lips and rolled his eyes. “Yes, John. I want you to move in.”
To his shame, however, in the dark hours of the night, his gut burned with jealousy. His divorce was final, his kids were grown. He hadn’t had a partner, sexual or otherwise, since his brief fling with Mycroft Holmes, and that had been ages ago.
on Tumblr.
When he got no answer, he turned and headed for the door, presumably to try to squeeze in a shower.
John had a date.
“I can’t hear a bird,” John said, wondering if he was talking about a woman or an actual bird. Either way, he hadn’t heard anything.
“Mmm?”
Thanks for reading! I am
John noticed the slow hip sways and punctuated little thrusts. How could he not?
Eventually, Sherlock started squirming again, using his hips to thrust in small circles.
I Sherlock, take you John, to be my wedded husband.
“You are a sodding idiot, really. What is it like in your funny little head? It must be so horrifying to believe you don’t deserve love. Who did this to you? Why are you like this? I’m not going anywhere!” John was shouting by the end. Totally exasperated, he threw up both hands and looked up to the ceiling. “You drive me barking mad, you know that?” With that, John lunged forward and grabbed him around the shoulders. He stood between Sherlock’s open knees and cradled his head to his chest, kissing the frizzy top of his head, “Round the bend, I am.”
He pulled his hand back and settled it on the bed. He continued to watch as the seconds ticked by without a response from Sherlock.
Victor and Sherlock could hear shouting and Mary screaming. It stopped and they couldn’t hear anything more. They crept towards the door, trying to hear anything above the sounds of their panting breaths. Still high, Sherlock tried keep it together enough to anticipate what would happen next. They both jumped, startled, when the door to their small room burst open and two women dressed in black tactical vests and helmets trained their weapons on them.
Sherlock cut him off with a kiss, swallowing John’s moan as his body stilled and his cock jumped against Sherlock’s. He licked into John’s open mouth as he panted and sighed through his orgasm. He bit and licked at John’s lips as he shuddered.
What John did was enter the bedroom quietly, with two mugs in one hand, and two ibuprofen in the other.
John chuckled and shrugged into the Haversack. “Yes, but that’s not a very impressive deduction, sorry.”
He got up slowly and walked out into the main living area expecting to find nothing. He was unsurprised. In fact, he looked around and was grimly relieved that his wallet, phone, camera, laptop, and everything else a young drug addict might lift was still there. He hated that he didn’t trust Sherlock.
John just rolled his eyes and surreptitiously placed his hand on Sherlock’s knee. John didn’t mind the flirting Sherlock had perfected over their six years together. In fact, he sort of got off on it. Sherlock thought maybe John could play bartender in their drab, heavily air-conditioned motel room later.
“Don’t be. I’m sorry. You don’t,” he hesitated and looked over Sherlock’s shoulder, “You don’t know.”
Sherlock’s eyes went wide.
“Yeah, she set it up for me.”
She clapped her hands. “I knew it,” she grinned. “Go on.”
Sherlock tracked the movement of his hand with keen interest. John decided to just leave his hand there lightly resting over the bulge.
“Before you I had never been in love. I didn’t need it, I didn’t want it. But I couldn’t help it and I was powerless against it when I met you. I will love you until
“Victor’s missing,” Sherlock said, voice breaking.
“Uh, no thanks,” Beady-Eyes said, full of disdain, “I’ll have a whiskey. None of that fruity shit for me.”
His words were stopped by Sherlock’s lips on his.
John stood there, mind sluggish with powerlessness. Greg approached him again. “They’ve got all they need. The building is clear, they’re not here. No one knows anything. Let’s go back to the Yard.”
Sherlock stood frozen again, staring at John’s hair. “We’ll just have to deal with it. You love me right?”
Between kisses Sherlock said, “Fuck, John.” Kiss. “Fuck yes.” Kiss, a slide of tongues. “Mm, yes.”
“No, I suppose not.” John walked into the kitchen. “Wine?”
Sherlock caught the jar of honey he had dropped in a perfectly coordinated, graceful catch.
After only a minute Sherlock felt the familiar tension building in his lower abdomen, his balls drawn up tight against his body. He hated to pull off, but he had to warn him, “Gonna come,” Sherlock said through gritted teeth. John redoubled his efforts and sucked harder, pumping his hand quicker along the shaft. Sherlock’s mouth went slack, anticipating his impending orgasm. John took advantage of this to start fucking into Sherlock's throat. Sherlock moaned at this realization. He was going to come with the taste and smell of John burrowed in all of his senses. He was absolutely giddy at the thought of it.
John giggled.
Sherlock knew the head sommelier at London’s best new restaurant. Of course, the sommelier just so happened to owe Sherlock a favor. That favor was redeemed with a 8 pm reservation on a Saturday night.
"All right, you and me."
“What are
I’ll see you later at home – SH
“I feel like I slept a week. Must have needed it.”
“Like this.” Sherlock grabbed just below the base of a faded bloom. His long fingers gripped hard and yanked straight up, pulling the dead flower cleanly from the stem.
Within two weeks, they had moved John’s things into 221B Baker Street. He’d sublet his apartment in New York, which was technically illegal, but the young photographer he let it to would never tell. Sherlock had made sure of that with a vaguely threatening, yet probably unnecessary, menacingly toothy smile.
“You're a bad man.”
Sherlock smiled a small, shy grin, “I’m yours for the taking.”
John paced on the other side of the coffee table, both hands clenching into fists and unclenching to stretch tense fingers. He spoke softly, just above a whisper. Sherlock knew that was a sign that John was extremely angry and anything he might say would probably make it worse.
"Well, when I say friend..." he trailed off. Best Billy didn't know that they were left at his flat by a bloke he'd met on Grindr. He'd never called after to ask John if he'd left them, so John used them in every lock in the city seeing how they'd be useful. That was an interesting two weeks.
John’s beer mug halted just short of his mouth. He watched Sherlock’s little display, letting his own slow, small smile grow on his lips.
Sherlock pulled back to look at John. With his eyes half-lidded, lips swollen, John said, “Sweetheart…”
He had a voice. A particular way of speaking, like the Majors with whom he’d spent so much time. “Take off your coat. Stand here,” he pointed at a spot near the windows.
Tag update - these last few weeks in US politics have been particularly triggering for so many people, including me. In my head, in this story, Sherlock has always been sort of leered at and a few times touched by creepy men. His backstory doesn’t not include assault, however, please heed the new tag. Trigger warning: implied non-consensual touching (on arms and back) by creepy men to a young teenaged Sherlock.  It’s merely a mention, it isn’t overtly sexual or violent at all. I just want you to be safe and take care of yourselves and each other.
“The cut of my trousers would require bespoke pants and I simply can’t be bothered.”
Sherlock didn’t answer. He couldn’t get Victor’s hopes up, but he quietly hoped it was a rescue. Lestrade and John would have been working on it. Somehow they might have found a connection between this place and Mary or Graham. He squeezed Victor’s hand tighter, raised them to his lips, and placed a short kiss on his knuckles. Never taking his eyes away from the door, he said, “Steady on.”
As John was opening a bottle of red, he snuck glances at his guest. Sherlock still wore his big coat with the collar popped. “You can hang your coat if you like,” John said, gesturing to where he had hung his Haversack.
“I want to make another toast,” he said. Sherlock looked up at him expectantly. “From the very first moment I met you, you filled in my blank spots. You lit up the dark. You healed me. And now that we’ve finally become...what we are now...I can honestly say I have never been happier. I love you.” He raised his cup.
John half-lunged, half-fell into Sherlock’s arms. He gripped both arms around Sherlock’s waist, resting his chin on his sternum and looked up. Sherlock held him under his arms and looked down into John’s face. His own brows furrowed.
GQ wanted John for his gritty journalistic style, but the shoot was to be of sophisticated clothing with Sherlock looking very slick. John needed to figure out how he could infuse his style into what was turning out to be a traditional fashion shoot.
Sherlock smiled back. “You do that to me too,” he said, gesturing at the bulge in his bespoke trousers. “But not yet, I wanna do the ‘speriment.” He walked over to John placing the lube and a tape measure on the table. “Turn around,” he said as he took John by the shoulders, turned him, and bent him over the dining room table.
John had an old acquaintance who’d been taken years ago. He knew John was angry about that, and about the fact that Sherlock himself wasn’t supposed to get taken at all. John blamed himself for what had happened to them all. Sherlock didn’t know how it could be John’s fault, but he silently vowed to make John see the truth and stop blaming himself.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock scoffed then and said, “You are.”
He opened his lips and slowly, so slowly, pushed his tongue forward. The very tip of Sherlock’s tongue gently touched just above John’s slit. John gasped a short breath. Sherlock pushed his tongue forward and down so that it was flat against the slit, gently cupping the very tip of John’s leaking erection.
“When you were on the floor, being strangled by that...
“What’re you doing?”
Later when they were buried in the quiet shelter of Sherlock’s bed, John cradled Sherlock against his chest, stroking up and down slowly. He finally had told his madman how he felt, and had heard similar declarations in return. If anything could be more perfect than cuddling with his gorgeous genius in sheets smelling of expensive shampoo, laundry soap, and sex, then he didn’t know what that might be.
Sherlock wanted to say a lot about the glasses. He wanted to say how insanely handsome he looked in them. How he had chosen a frame that perfectly fit his face. How much it turned him on to see John’s silver hair and blond lashes behind the black chunky frames. How he looked like a harmless, scholarly, geek chic type of hipster. He wanted to say how spectacularly sexy he looked.
Sherlock opens his lips and he licks into John’s mouth. John squeezes Sherlock’s neck and kisses him harder, deeper. Their tongues dance and tangle wetly and it is very, very slow. The kisses feel somehow sweet and tender, and at the same time, exciting and filthy. John tries to put all of his passion, his pure desire for Sherlock, into the kiss. John’s kisses try to say,
John’s head snapped up and looked at Sherlock with eyebrows creased.
“Who’s that?”
He wasn’t supposed to admit this. He’d hidden it from everyone, from himself, for months and months. No, he had to sleep now, or faint, or disappear. He couldn’t face it.
I emerged from my bedroom to an empty 221b. John was already out, probably looking for work. He mentioned that he was trying to find locum work after we worked the case together. If he was going to be flexible for me, that was exactly the type of work I’d suggest. But he hadn’t asked me. The doctor was quite independent.
He knew that at any minute John would wake up and Sherlock would be caught. He didn’t think John would mind though. After all, John knew him. John loved him, and
John was practically turned all the way around in the chair trying to see Sherlock. His brows furrowed in drunken confusion. “No. I can say things like ‘sod off’ and and ‘pretty mouth’ and ‘posh princess’ -”
John just nodded as Sherlock kissed his fingers sweetly.
John texted the name of a coffee shop in Jackson Heights while they were still connected, and said, “Now.” Sherlock agreed and said he’d be there soon.
He positively vibrated with the intense need to see John, and return to their home and their work.
John didn’t know what to say, so he raised Sherlock’s hand to his lips and kissed his knuckles.
Greg didn’t look happy about it but he said, “Come on.”
“No one thinks that.”
Sherlock smirked at the last one, ran his hand over John’s bum, and stared at his groin. “I can see that.”
“John.”
Sherlock wanted inside, but started again with his tongue. Flattened, pointed, sucking, kissing. It didn’t matter, they both loved it all. John wriggled and moaned, reaching back to spread his arse cheeks apart. Sherlock loved John like this, gasping for it.
After a long moment he spoke without looking up from his book. “Should I expect you to spend the night away from the flat on a regular basis?”
“I met him years ago at a pub one night when Mary was with some work friends. He was a model. He had lighter hair then and he was a complete tosser.”
Sherlock exploded down John’s throat, coming in rapid pulses he felt echoed in his arse around John’s fingers. John held his throat open and fingers still as he writhed and moaned and pulled at John’s head.
“That’s the thing, though,” Sherlock said, pushing a hand through his hair in a gesture of frustration. “He didn’t have a family in Australia. He had no siblings and his parents were dead. Victor knew the note was written by him but reckoned that it was under duress. Noah probably wrote that thing about a family knowing Victor would know it was false.”
Before I met John, I didn't sleep. I merely passed out after days of restlessness. He helps me to relax, and eventually sleep, in many varied and increasingly creative ways.
John sighed again, opened his eyes, and looked at Sherlock intensely, “So we were both looking at each other’s trousers trying to deduce what our cocks looked like and neither of us said anything. For years. We are such idiots. We have been idiots for years.” Then John looked at Sherlock with fire in his eyes, all of a sudden angry, “Why couldn’t you deduce it? Why couldn’t you deduce how I felt? Or how I would react if you told me how you felt?” His voice had dropped to a harsh whisper, the way it did when John was really very furious.
Victor let out a long, low grunt through gritted teeth and spilled into Sherlock’s eager mouth. Sherlock swallowed every drop. When Victor was still breathing heavy, with a hand slung up over his eyes, Sherlock moved up to straddle his hips. He spread his legs wide and ground his arsehole down on Victor’s wet, semi-hard cock. He fisted his own erection with short, fast strokes at the head while grinding his arse down on Victor.
Greg shrugged his shoulders and turned away so that he could speak without alerting the perpetrators in front of him.
John called out to the team, “Thank you all, he looks amazing.”
“Hey,” John said, “I’m sorry, I never meant to embarrass you.”
She left the room with a nod. He looked around and started talking to his belt.
He wondered why John insisted on using such embarrassing pet names for him. He loved it, but would never, to anyone, ever admit that. In fact, he usually rolled his eyes. John probably should have been put off by now.
He waited for Victor’s reply - lots of exclamation points, euphoric that Noah was safe, grateful to Mycroft (
“Stop right there,” shouted the officer. John could hear what sounded like boxes and possibly a tablet computer crashing to the ground.
The officer put her body between John’s and the model. John rolled his eyes at them both and sighed. “Don’t you think you’re overreacting just a bit, mate?”
He only knew that there was never and will never be anyone that he wants to touch other than John Watson. Perhaps he should say something reassuring?
“Mmmmm….”
“Okay, gorgeous,” he said, “you’re right. I don’t want to part with them though.”
Sherlock hummed into John. He changed his tongue movements to swirl and suck and kiss. After a long moment, John was breathing heavily and pushing back into his face. He was lost in the taste and smell and feel of him. His cock strained against the front of his trousers and he kept humming and licking and kissing.
Sherlock puffed a sharp breath out his nose and shook his head slightly. “I was thinking something similar.”
After quietly sighed orgasms and whispers of “you’re beautiful” and “so are you” and “goodnight,” they slept like the dead.
There was a long pause. John could hear Sherlock inhale and exhale a puff of a cigarette.
“But you didn’t react. A little jealousy on your part would have been nice,” he pouted.
After getting the green light from the medical team they walked towards Greg. When he noticed them, he smiled, teeth glowing in the blue flashing lights of the police cars. “I’ll give you a ride back to Baker street, yeah?”
Sherlock smiled back, relieved. “Let’s go to London.”
“Well, I do. I’m gay.” Victor said petulantly.
“I want to. I want to know everything about you.”
“Mmmm…”
Sherlock nodded and said, “Let me fix it. Whatever I did.”
He lifted the linens and peered down at Sherlock’s upturned face, blinking. “What’re you doing down there?”
“I don’t like this, Greg.”
John lifted their joined hands and kissed Sherlock’s knuckles just once. “I’ll be right there when you get out, you know I will, right?”
Sherlock held him back with a tight grip on his bicep, and said, “How about a shower?”
I rolled my eyes at her assured declaration. “Don’t be smug. You don’t know everything.”
“Oh.”
Thanks for reading! I am
It was sort of ridiculous. Ridiculously pure. Absurdly perfect.
They were both wearing...crowns...of a sort. Wreaths made of long strings of dead grass dotted with what looked to be dead flower blossoms. Each had the other by one wrist, each trying to wrestle another dead bloom into the other’s crown.
Fifteen minutes later, John took off his dressing gown. He threw it across the room, proclaiming, “Hot!”
She waved her hand at me and sipped her tea. Infuriating woman.
John looked at the bruised skin under Sherlock’s eyes, listened to his shallow breaths, and asked, “Sweetheart? Can you tell me what happened?”
Sherlock was fairly confident that John loved him. But seeing John flirt with a beautiful woman twisted something in his chest. He could never be beautiful like that. He could never be new, unknown, a conquest like that, ever again. He’d seen John talking with beautiful women before, like the new Constable at the Yard who took one look at John standing at parade’s rest, looking taller than everyone else around him, despite his actual height, and made a beeline for him at a murder scene. Sherlock had pointedly turned his back on the Constable and John as they talked. Later, John looked smug and pleased at Sherlock’s stroppy mood, and smirked, “This wouldn’t have anything to do with Constable Martin would it?” Sherlock had denied it. John called him a “filthy liar” and “gorgeous” and “the only one for me”, took him into his mouth to show him just how much he was wanted.
“You see but you don’t observe,” he said, pointing to the end of a violin case tucked behind the side table. He had noticed the music stand, but it was empty so he thought it was for magazines or something.
Sherlock turned and walked down the stairs into his own bedroom. He heard the floorboards creak and things being shuffled on the floor. John’s bag. Shoes off. Clothes off. Into bed. Headboard tapping gently at the wall once. Twice. Adjusting, and then silence.
Now it was the next morning. Sherlock watched John as he slept, as light and the noise of midday drifted into his bedroom. They weren’t touching but they were lying on their sides facing each other. John was radiating heat, his face relaxed, mouth open, slightly snoring. Sherlock didn’t move a muscle except for his eyes, which roamed over as much of John’s face and hair that he could see. His heart was fucking bursting with adoration for this man, and gratitude to the universe or whatever that finally, finally, they had closed that gap. John suddenly opened his eyes and caught Sherlock watching him sleep. Then soft kisses and murmurs of
When she rounded the corner, she saw both men sitting on the bench, legs tangled at their ankles, lips swollen and pink. They were talking to each other and grinning, making each other laugh. Their eyelids crinkled at the edges and eyes sparkled in the sunlight.
The sound of a door slamming had them all turning their heads at the same time. People in black helmets and bullet-proof vests sporting large assault-style rifles filed calmly down the hallway towards them. The first agent saw McGregor and stopped. “Oi, lower your weapon.”
“Ah, back to the States. When?”
John sighed. Sherlock sighed. This was when John would give up. He walked towards their room.
She picked up her camera from a large bag tucked in the corner of the room. She calmly, quietly directed him as she took photo after photo. His body knew what to do, he was a professional after all. His mind was quiet and he found himself actually enjoying the small bubble of pose/shutterclick, pose/shutterclick, that they had created. She directed him, shooting face and body, until he ended up basically lounging sideways in the chair, heavy-limbed.
Sherlock’s favorite though, was when he slowed a bit then rocked back and forth, undulating his hips. He was truly riding him, bucking to and fro. They both moaned the loudest when Sherlock moved backwards and John's cock dragged along his prostate.
John looked up at Sherlock and nodded grimly.
Sherlock had no trouble getting an appointment with Mary. He was sure Mary thought she could scoop him up and that he’d leave his current agency in the dust. Shad Sanderson was tiny but Sebastian Wilkes was a good agent. There was simply no way Sherlock would leave Seb even if he was a slimy prat. He’d been there since the beginning and he let Sherlock do whatever he wanted.
They’d been perfectly, comfortably buzzed in the flat. Well, John was comfortable. When Sherlock drank there was a certain time in the night where he got very restless, usually followed by a crash. John was fuzzily concerned that they would be in the middle of their urban park when the crash occurred. Determined not to worry about it, he began to enjoy the night. The longer they walked, the better he felt.
He stared at me.
He turned to walk towards the bedroom. “Get naked and stay there.”
“Well, thank you. Yes, I think I could help you do that,” she said as she sat back. “Tell me about yourself.”
“I hoped I wouldn’t have to do this,” she whispered.
one too many times and she left.”
John smiled at him. He was happy to have Sherlock near him and safe. They sipped in silence for a long time. Sherlock placed his empty cup on the table beside him and tucked down onto his side, facing John. John looked down at him and brushed his curls back from his face, tucking one behind his ear. He let his finger trail down his neck then went back to sipping the last of his tea.
Sherlock closed the distance between them. John’s reaction to his personal space invader was to drop his arms and lift his chin. Sherlock leaned over and kissed his earlobe. John let out a small sigh that encouraged him to say, “My plans for the rest of today include observing that big cock of yours go from soft to hard.”
“I love only you. I
March 1, 2017 11:27 am
He sighed, looked away, and wondered if this last 24-hour period could be any more humiliating.
“So tight and,” Victor panted, “he cried out...and I fucked into him.”
“All right? You’re breathing awfully heavy.”
“But she’s still in there.”
Back home in London he could hide behind his non-threatening, eternally polite English persona. By creating a self-effacing, likable exterior, people didn’t realize that he had trained with the Israeli army and knew how to disable several threatening armed people, by himself, all at once. Or how to kill a person with one finger. Yes, one very well-placed, well-timed finger. John Watson may be a fashion photographer now, but he was still a deadly weapon in a cardigan.
“I paint.”
“Sorry we couldn’t do a double room for you boys.”
“I think,” he started, but his voice cracked. He began again and said very quietly, “I think i should give you up.”
“James Sholto. Murray told me you’d be here.”
Sherlock noted the slightest slur in his speech. The drug on the patch worked a bit slower than he had anticipated. If he'd only been able to inject it somehow... John’s transition to unconsciousness shouldn’t have taken this long. His attention snapped back to John as he spoke.
They’d lost him.
“This is Obnoxious James.”
“Who is she?”
“But he’s more than that, isn’t he?”
“Seventeen inches,” Sherlock said, dreamily.
He almost escaped, but something caught his eye. Someone, actually.
He huffed.
Sherlock smiled and squeezed his hand. “Quite right. Now,” he said, taking a deep breath, “we can’t do anything more tonight. Graham already texted, the appointment is at eleven tomorrow in Shoreditch. The only thing I don’t know is the address, but he said he’d send it along when the plan was final.”
John nodded.
“I knew.”
“Having fun, gorgeous?”
“I’d rather see you, but I think I can deduce why you are locked away in there from what happened earlier.” John was hoping for some response, but when he got none he continued, "I’m sorry I never told you I was bisexual. I really didn’t think it would matter to you. But I realize now that it does. But what...what I’m going to ask...what is so fucking scary...because you are the most important person in my life. The most important, Sherlock.” He paused, hearing a bit of movement. “So I want to ask how you feel about me. Because I’m open to things, lots of things. I’m open to never talking about this again, although I would not prefer that, but I would do it for you. I’m open to exploring more than friendship if that was something…” He trailed off and stopped his awkward rambling.
Set at some point after Chapter 3 of this work,
He leaned up against the back of the door, panting. Shame filled him, as his arm throbbed. He dropped, sitting on the floor leaning against the door. He hung his head and as his vision swam with tears, he wondered for the thousandth time if this would be the moment John Watson would give up and finally leave him. He thought he probably wouldn’t make it very long without him, but who would care?
Victor groaned.
Quietly he said, “I feel terrible.”
“You can read your inane spy novels with transparent plots and wooden characters in digital form. Welcome to the 21st century.”
It was supposed to be an unexpected opportunity to relax for John, a rare free day. John had announced that he didn’t have work the next day and he was going to stay home and read, cook, and maybe take a walk in Regent’s park. All after a proper lie in. This was presented with a puffed out chest and an expression that was both serious and pleading. John looked forward to a day of relaxation and Sherlock was not to “fuck it up.”
“James Wilder,” Greg said. “Born in Sunderland, got a degree in Computer Science at Newcastle University, entered the job force in 2001 at Mi5.” Greg’s eyebrows furrowed, “Says here he died in a car accident ten years ago.”
The binding on his wrists made it impossible to move without pain shooting up his arms. At his request, Victor massaged his neck and arm muscles to try to relieve the cramping that was the result of being restrained in the same position for so many hours. It didn’t help much, Victor was easily distracted by his own drug trip.
John placed his left hand around Sherlock’s right bicep, gripping slightly. It was not soft, but it wasn’t hurting him. It didn’t feel like a threat, but a controlled restraint to guide Sherlock where he wanted him. “Now,” John smiled slightly, however, it was entirely without humor, voice still gruff, “we are going to go to bed.”
“Anything.”
John kissed him back, so soft. He looked into his eyes and said, “I like you, too.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nope.”
Brows pulled to the center, he quirked his head to the side. He decided to just go with it, follow Sherlock’s thoughts wherever they led. “The violin? Really?”
John and Greg were surprised at the number of people, cars, and guns outside. It had been very quiet when they’d gone around back with everyone hiding. Now, Greg’s officers plus about twenty more agents were standing around. They still didn’t know what agency they were from, but they were well armed and highly organized. They even had a helicopter, which John noted was idly sitting on the adjacent roof with lights on. He looked around hoping to spot tall, thin, and dark curly hair.
John closed his eyes and his last disjointed thoughts were about James. James needed to get his men out. James needed to deny he knew John. James needed to keep himself safe.
His head, wrists, stomach, legs, neck, arms, everything hurt. He let out a soft moan as he lowered himself back onto the floor. There was nothing to do but wait.
Sherlock took pity on him and put his face where John wanted it. He slowed down his movements a bit. He didn’t want him going off just yet. Just a bit more and then…”Now!”
John slumped his shoulders with relief. “Give a bloke some warning...” he trailed off and laid down next to Sherlock. “You had this in your pockets?” He grabbed the bottle of wine, opened it, took a swig and offered it to Sherlock. They lounged on the grass, passing the bottle back and forth.
Please come and say hello on Tumblr at
“Ouch, John.”
“You are so fucking beautiful. I love you.”
Sherlock sat up and leaned back. This was how he wanted to come. His hands on John's thighs, his cock pressing his prostate. John's eyes glazed over and his face slackened with pleasure.
John gasped, breaking their kiss and said, “Oh god.” The feel of Sherlock in his arms, breathing hard, cock pressing into his with tiny thrusts was too much for John. “Please, Sherlock, please.” he said, very quietly. He pulled away from their kiss. “This is going to be over in two minutes,” he said with a small smile.
“My god...John.”
“James,” he said, keeping his voice completely neutral.
(See the end of the chapter for
“How about some new ones?” John smiled, looked up to the ceiling and started, “Dear. Darling. Petit Chou. Baby. Pet. Dollface. Lovemuffin. Sugarbottom. Fancypants. Snook….oooofff,” John’s breath left him as he was tackled to the mattress.
John surged up and kissed him and said, “I love you, you gorgeous madman.”
“I see you have a date,” I managed, trying to sound as bored and calm as I could.
Just as the natural light started to dim and the artificial light from the street lamps popped on, they arrived at Sherlock’s flat on Baker Street. John’s eyebrows rose when Sherlock had told the cabbie his address but he didn’t say anything. They arrived just as Mrs. Hudson opened the shiny black front door.
He would never be able to forget the look of soft adoration as John’s lips formed the word ‘love’ directed at him. Sherlock swayed a bit, still standing next to John’s bed.
“Can I just?” he gestured towards the door and said, “Have a bit of privacy before we get started?”
“Yes, John Watson. He’s a promising student, but doesn’t have much instinct for chemistry. Smart lad, good work ethic, just needs a bit of guidance. You two’ll get along famously.”
“Shove off, Murray.” John’s phone buzzes with another message. He smiles down at what Sherlock has written
theatre, despite the fact that he’s a decent actor. Perhaps just uses it as an excuse…not…to go…home.”
Sherlock draws his bow across the violin strings and launches into the song. The rest of John’s band joins in seamlessly (bastards must have rehearsed this without him.)
She scoffs. “That was not
Everyone John loves is happy.
Mrs. Hudson exchanges a look with Lestrade and clears her throat before she speaks. “We’d…like for you to hear the song you would be co-starring in, before you sign anything else. It will likely clear up any confusion you may have regarding the NDA. And you should know, if the song in any way makes you uncomfortable, you can and should walk away from this table without further involvement with us.”
“You…punched a criminal and then went home? Alone?”
Mummy gasps as they follow a traffic director up alongside a small plane, “Oh, darling, look!”
Sherlock breaks into a genuine fit of giggles. John watches, mesmerized, not caring in the least that Sherlock is laughing at him. His chin is smashed up against his neck and he’s pressing his lips together tightly, like he doesn’t want John to see his laughter. It’s really cute. John joins him in his own fit of giggles, high pitched and embarrassing compared to Sherlock’s sexy, rumbly chuckle.
he normally take first dates?
Then again, there have been several instances where John nearly revealed his secret.
“Ugh, how do you still sound all
John blew out a breath, relieved.
“You have a psychosomatic limp, of course you’ve got a therapist.”
Sherlock lets his head slump down over the table and sighs. He is
Irene grins. “Excellent! We’ll start with an easy one. What’s the deal with the violin?”
hurt him ever again.”
Sherlock takes a shuddering breath and backs away, out of John’s arms.
With a groan of annoyance, Sherlock storms past John into the entryway of the building, and John shuts the door to the outside, glad that they’re no longer at risk of drawing a public crowd. Sherlock starts pacing in the foyer of the building, ruffling at his hair.
John’s stomach coiled at these words as he fought down a smile. “What makes you say that? As far as he’s concerned I’m some prick who flirts with other people when he’s already got a girlfriend.”
wants to catch my attention.”
“Angelo’s?” John asks, and Sherlock begins to lead him down the block, nodding cheerfully.
? Your arms are tan, as are your legs, but not below the knee. You’ve spent a lot of time outside, but not sunbathing. You were wearing knee-high socks, undoubtedly for a
“You’re sure he’s going to be alright?” Sherlock asks persistently, heart a little faster than normal.
“What?” Sherlock rinses his mouth quickly so he can come look at the tablet Irene is scrolling through.
. Because I’ve already been in touch with a real estate agent.”
“Sherlock?” John prompts after a long, agonizing silence, licking his lips. “A date?”
Inside, the house looks just as it always is the week before Christmas: cluttered with holiday lights and cheery decor. It feels wrong, at odds with the worry in Sherlock’s gut as he sets his mother down at the couch and moves to the kitchen to prepare tea. “You said Dad is coming home today?” he calls.
They’ve reached the fireplace at the Leaky Cauldron, and John gets inspired. “Do you want to try Magical transport instead of walking back to Baker Street?”
“What happened with Mary…broke my heart. Some days I thought we were going to be together forever. But when I look back on that time, I realize how much I never told her. How little I
“What the hell?” Sherlock mutters, swiping in his password and glancing sideways at John. “When did he have time to take my phone?” Sherlock skims the messages, snorts, and hands the phone to John.
“It would seem a decision has already been made.” John turns to Irene at last, and sees a Cheshire grin on her painted red lips. John is instantly wary.
who apparently doesn’t consider himself lovable, until he is sure that Sherlock will not wake up soon.
* * *
“Yeah, mate,” Mike says, clapping him on the back. “We’ll go pick him up
and holds the note uncomfortably long, until the other instruments fade away, and there’s just his voice. As his voice, too, fades, there’s a moment of complete silence that feels heavy and thick all around him.
“Nah, it’s mostly coverage about some dumb kid who jumped in front of a bullet.”
They dance and snog and laugh. They make dinner plans and exchange phone numbers. They cheerfully scandalize most of their graduating class. Later in the night John asks Sherlock, “What made you show up to this thing anyways? I’m certainly glad you did, but it doesn’t seem like your idea of fun.”
“Oh!” Mum exclaims. “Is that the name of the Muggle boy you’ve been dating? Harry mentioned him!”
John fumbles his fingers on the keys in his haste to send Sherlock an affirmative response. He really shouldn’t be skipping classes, but he already knows the material they’re covering. His Captainship of the Gryffindor Quidditch team had given him plenty of practice healing broken noses.
with Irene again.
“And I think I might—“
is with what happened last night.
Angelo himself isn’t working, but someone called Billy (Sherlock knows him by name) shows them to a table near the window, where there are two wine glasses and an un-lit candle.
and Sherlock shrugs in response. “I grew up in a tiny town where you couldn’t really be
Next to him, Irene snorts. “My dear, darling, John. You are
“Am I - pretty?” John asks, fluttering his eyelids and pouting absurdly.
“Okay,” John breathes, meaning
“John.” Sherlock’s voice sounds tight and careful. “Do you have a minute to talk?”
“You turn on the lamp here, this little knob adjusts how big the circle of light is, this one changes the brightness, and these switches change the color.” Sarah had shown John the balcony (up a quick flight of stairs from the audience level) and given him a run down on how the spotlight worked. “It’ll be tricky at first to know exactly where you need to aim and how to hit your target, but you’ll catch on soon enough,” she finished, moving aside so that John could try.
John’s last text settles the resolve in Sherlock’s shoulders more solidly. Straightening, he tucks away his mobile and heads out to pick up their dinner. He stops by the corner store and picks up a few other items as well. Candles, fresh flowers, red wine, a box of matches. In short: the top hits when Sherlock had searched the internet for “romantic date night,” “romantic night in,” and “romantic gestures.” If John can write him a love song, then surely Sherlock can pull together a nice dinner for the two of them.
“That was bloody
- When Sherlock noticed his wand in his jeans and asked, disbelievingly, why John was carrying a weapon in his back pocket. (John had distracted him from the question, teasing him for looking at his arse).
John was approaching the stage, sidling along the edge of the audience so he wouldn’t spook Hope.
“Sher-
insists a voice in his head that sounds a lot like Irene’s.
Against all the odds, it was a good day.
Shuddering, John thinks he can probably put off that conversation a while longer. But now that Mike has planted the seed in his head, John knows that he won’t be able to stop worrying about it. It was easy to ignore when he was still fantasizing about Sherlock, about his soft hair and sweet lips. But now he knows what it’s like to kiss him, to hold his hand, to be with him. And he doesn’t want to lose that. Not ever.
“Maybe I need to disillusion us after all,” John says thoughtfully.
“That’s a terrible line.”
“Um…”
John presses his jaw along Sherlock’s, and whispers in his ear, “Maybe she should be.” With that parting blow, John Watson gets up and walks away, leaving Sherlock gaping like a fish at his retreating form.
for this fic! Thank you so much again, it's GORGEOUS.
“I’ll keep this short and simple, John,” Molly says, ignoring the platitude and Sherlock grins at the performance. “Sherlock is my best friend. If you hurt him in any way, I will know, and I will come after you. I have access to a bone saw and I know how to use one.”
But John loves Sherlock. (The love also hurts, but in a good way. Like sore muscles after a long, satisfying practice. An ache to remind him that he’s alive, and human).
“Let me guess. They beat you up because they think your shoelaces mean you’re gay?”
He holds up his hands, palms out. “Never said you weren’t. You ready for the show then?”
“Shut up! He could’ve been looking at you.”
“Still trust me, Mr. Holmes?” John asks.
“Ella Fitzgerald covering Fred Astaire.”
Bemused, Sherlock nods.
“John, you don’t have to—”
“God help me, but
John stares for a moment at the door Irene left swinging behind her before scrambling for the half-full coffee pot, grabbing a couple of sugar packets, and rounding the corner of the counter. He swipes his free hand nervously through his hair to flatten it and smooths down his apron as he approaches Sherlock’s corner.
, his mind taunts him.
It’s just because of the wine, you know.” It still breaks his fragile, untested heart
Sherlock narrows his gaze, like he knows John is hiding something. He probably does. John shifts in his seat. Silence descends again.
Now faintly smirking, Mary explained. “You named the Scottish Play, John. But don’t worry, there’s a cleansing ritual you can perform to make it up to the theater ghosts. You have to leave the building, spit, curse, and spin around three times. Then all you have to do is beg to be let back inside, and we’re all set!” They were out in the hallway now, and quickly approaching one of the school’s exits.
is also doing just fine. She and Kate are still seeing each other. But they’re still keeping things
“Well, I kind of was.” John said, scratching behind his ear. Mary
“O calm, dishonorable, vile submission! Alla staccato carries it away!” Sherlock drew the toy gun from his waistband and brandished it like the epee Shakespeare intended it to be. “Tybalt, you rat-catcher, will you walk?” He mocked Hope as he circled in perfect fencing formation, eyes affixed to Hope’s face.
John looks down and sees that Irene has her phone out and
“Don’t be so old fashioned, Ma.” Their mum turns a baleful look upon her daughter, who continues, “you don’t have to marry a Muggle before telling them about magic, anymore.”
can’t. sorry
And they don’t know how the internet works!”
“I picked it at random from the papers!” Sherlock flaps his hand in a graceless gesture.
“But the jock character is an idiot.” Irene pauses styling his hair to give him a
Sherlock extracts his nimble hands and spreads them across John’s chest, pushing until John is flat on his back and then directing the attention of his lips to the other side of John’s neck, fingers unbuttoning John’s shirt. John lets out a soft groan, biting his lip to muffle it.
“Well, Sally moving away leaves
The drummer adds a beat, John and Irene add their voices into the microphone. Sherlock does a full turn to take it all in, dazed and a bit afraid at the cries.
Clearing his throat, which feels very tight, John passes ten pence in change across the counter just as Irene finishes preparing the coffee and plants it in front of Sherlock.
Sherlock looks at John for a long moment. “John I have a very serious question.”
Video of the performance immediately goes viral.
Hey Harry, this bloke I really like kissing is a Muggle and I want to go out with him and kiss him forever probably but I’m pants at Muggle stuff. Do you know if they’ll send me to Azkaban for telling him that I can make magical lights shoot out of a stick?
for this.
“Mine is a sad sigh, it doesn’t count.” Bill pouts. “Riya and Aiden... I ended things. Don’t get me wrong, the sex was really good,” Bill says, and John quickly holds up his hands to make him stop.
