Sam had offered to sit in the back, but Castiel had declined, considering their height differences and their differing needs for comfort. In a way, he preferred the backseat anyways. There was something thrilling about occasionally catching Dean’s eyes in the rear view mirror.
“Huh? Oh right,” Dean muttered, coming back to himself, and returned his attention to the road again.
Dean didn’t say anything. He simply blinked slow and stared back at Castiel. Those green eyes were a deep dark unknowable forest watching him, and Castiel knew that he could learn the plains of that forest as though it were his own home, he knew because he once had. Dean’s throat clicked as he swallowed. And Castiel’s eyes were instantly drawn to the bob of Dean’s throat.
“Dean,” Cas bit back, eyes as sharp and bright as the cloudless endless sky above them speared through Dean. Cas was breathing fast and shallow, chest heaving beneath the thin green t-shirt.
Not a single person had so much as looked at them suspiciously and they made it out into the parking lot without incident. The sight of the car, it reminded him of a panther, sleek black and powerful, filled Cas with a sense of homecoming. Dean forced him into the passenger seat, saying that he would have more room in the front.
“It’s fine, you can keep it, maybe you should get some updated fake IDs in his name, pretending to be a real person can be really helpful in our line of work,” she said, and shared a look with Dean that Castiel didn’t quite catch or understand, “thanks though.”
“It’s Cas,” Dean said, voice thick, he blinked at his phone screen. “He’s in a hospital in South Bend, Washington,” he added, brows pinched as he tried not to let the relief overwhelm him.
“I don’t want you to stick around just because I’m asking you to Cas,” Dean said, staring at the deep darkening purple of the sky above, “I want you to want to stick around. I know you think that we don’t want you around when you’re no longer needed or whatever, but you’re more than what you can do for me and Sam, you’re my friend Cas, you’re my best friend,” he rambled on, fingers flexing around the smooth skin of Cas’ palm.
The handprint, which had once been imprinted on his shoulder, had stood as a testament to the ‘profound bond’ they shared. Cas had touched his soul and as far as Dean knew you didn’t just walk away from that without there being
a quality to this music that is best played loud,” Castiel began, he remembered seeing that phrase on a cassette case, that and the sheer amount of times Dean had mentioned the supposed ‘fact’ to him had to at least count for something.
“The paternity results are in Pamela, the twins have different fathers,” he spoke in tandem with the television, surprising himself. “I’ve seen this show before?” he muttered, “I’ve watched this show, voluntarily, on purpose?” his brow furrowed.
The phone was a flat slick thing. He supposed that he used it often, otherwise he’d have been at a loss as to how to use it, but his fingers seemed to move of their own accord.
“That explains a few things about my memories of heaven,” Cas said, obviously sidestepping several other questions there was in his mouth.
“Alright sir, well he’s been in a car accident and he’s suffered a head trauma and has a concussion, and he has a broken collarbone, he also appears to have amnesia,” she explained, tone soft and clear.
All Dean could do was smile back. He wanted to hold onto moments like this, fold them up and keep them in his wallet, so he could remember this feeling of contentment. For maybe the first time in his whole damn life, everything was okay or as okay as he could possibly expect it to get. He just hoped that he could make it last a little longer.
Dr. Richards took his time making sure that James, as he supposed he was called, understood exactly what had happened to him. Apparently, he’d been in a car accident and had suffered something of a major head trauma as a result. His list of injuries wasn’t long but a few of them were quite alarming, he had a skull fracture, a concussion, a broken collarbone, a litany of scrapes and bruises, but the most troubling of all was the amnesia.
Castiel turned as much as he could and looked from Sam to Jack and Eileen, their expressions didn’t falter, Jack simply nodded while Eileen shrugged. They all seemed serious, he couldn’t argue with that.
“I did most of it simultaneously, though I think I could have shaved several seconds off, but I’ve never done it before,” Jack said with a shrug, face slightly scrunched up, as though he were disappointed in himself.
He still didn’t remember a single thing about the incident that had caused his injuries, though he wasn’t in any hurry to either. Castiel sighed at his reflection and began to undress. He folded his clothes and piled them atop the counter, grabbed a towel off the rack and went about the tiresome business of showering.
“Last time he died, you were basically suicidal and reckless and just so angry, and honestly Dean it terrified me,” Sam explained. “And this time, you got black-out drunk and wouldn’t say anything more than that he was gone. Now he’s back and he might not remember anything and it’s gonna be tough, and he might not even know who you are,” he continued, hands twisting in the air between them, “so I wanna make sure that you’re gonna be okay.”
“You’ve been a great help Sam,” Castiel replied. The earnest eagerness to help others and accommodate their needs was always a welcome sight, and somewhere along the way, Sam had learnt to be more wary of that behaviour but he’d still go out of his way for those he cared for. It was heartening to know that Castiel was counted among them. “Thank you.”
“It is trying, but it is a task well worth doing, and I’ll see it through,” Cas said, he seemed a little more at ease than the last time they’d talked about it, it was nice to see Cas some kind of relaxed for once. His eyes were intent on Dean, stark blues shining in the rear view mirror. Something about that gaze made Dean feel trapped, foot caught unwittingly in the bear trap.
“You really gonna stick around for the whole day?” Dean asked, almost tentative, as though Cas might disappear at any moment, and the worst part was that he just might.
“Why would he insist that I watch TV with him?” Cas said, just as confused as before. He didn’t think himself the sort of person that resigned themselves to anything.
Dean wanted to ask him to stay, the words were crawling their way up his throat, but he clamped his mouth shut. He couldn’t make Cas stay. He couldn’t and he wouldn’t. Cas needed his choices, needed his hard won freedom, and Dean wasn’t going to make it seem like it was him or heaven. There would be no choice anyway.
“Yeah, Dean makes you watch a lot of TV,” Sam smiled and shook his head softly. “And we travel a lot for work,” he added, clumsily tacking the statement onto the end of his sentence.
Dean should forget about him, at least a little, it’d probably do him some good. Because, despite everything, he missed Cas.
“Yeah,” Same said in that snippy way of his. Then his eyes fell on the angel sitting opposite Dean. “Oh, hey Cas,” he said, and dumped his messenger bag on the table.
His attention was quickly drawn to movement in the passenger seat, Cas had turned to face forward and his face was stricken, he became very still. Dean wondered if he was going to be sick and started looking for somewhere to pull over.
Cas began to snore with his face mashed into the pillow, like a hibernating bear. Dean watched, eyes swimming in the darkness, as Cas’ chest rose and fell. What he would have given to climb into that bed, sidle up to Cas and fall asleep pressed against him. There was something about Cas sleeping that felt like catching sight of something he wasn’t supposed to see, like catching a shooting star with his bare hands.
“I thought Sammy helped you out on your rom-com quest,” Dean said, brows raised and a fork full of apple pie held close to his mouth.
“So, what were you thinking about?” Cas asked, he held the pill bottle in his right hand as he uncapped the lid with his left, his focus was fully on the slight tremor of his hands.
“Bingo,” Dean said, Castiel narrowed his eyes, Jack began to suck on his straw again between them, “I mean yes,” Dean added. And as soon as Jack was finished with his drink, he filled Eileen in.
Dean pushed his hands through his hair, his fingernails dragged over his scalp, as despair stared to creep in around the edges. They had lost so much. They had lost damn near everything. Jack was all they had left. Regret and guilt swelled inside him, there was so much he wanted to take back and ever more that he should have said, should have done. He closed his eyes and tried to breathe through it.
“You’re gonna have one hell of a gnarly scar after this,” Dean said, he needed to tear at the silence that was filling the room up with too much meaning, he was in danger of suffocating and the only thing he could do against it was talk. “Once this is all over, you’ll have one hell of a story and people like stories, and it’s one of the more normal ones that you’ve got.” It was probably overkill using the anti-septic wipe, but the saying did go that it was better to be safe than sorry.
Dean shared a look with Sam. It was over. It was finally over, the win to end all wins, and Dean wasn’t sure that he felt any kind of way about it. He was numb. Maybe the dam in his mind would break sometime soon and all those feelings he’d been holding back for all these years would finally pull him down into the undertow. He couldn’t afford that yet. Dean swallowed and turned his attention back to Jack.
“Well, it’s not really such a long time for you,” Sam said, smirking slightly, “and you’d be surprised how dense my brother can be, or how emotionally stunted and repressed he is,” he added, tone fondly amused.
With his jaw set, Castiel stared out the window at the sodden scenery, and wondered why what was apparently meant to be nothing more than some light barbing, as was usual with the Winchesters, instead felt like barbed wire sticking into his skin.
care about you. You are family and I’m sorry that I ever told you otherwise or ever made you feel like you weren’t.”
“Right,” Sam drew out, “that’s why you look like you’re about to bust a blood vessel from thinking too hard,” he added derisively.
“You’re welcome,” Sam said, smiling a little wider, “and you can talk to me anytime, you know that right? We still owe you for, well, everything,” he went on, fiddling with his fork as his eyes cut down toward the half eaten salad.
Dean wasn’t sure if it was a conscious decision, but before he knew it, he was pressing his mouth to Cas’. The angel tasted like a summer morning, cut grass, bird song coming in through the open window, fresh air and skies that seemed a billion miles away. He was laughing when he pulled away. Cas smiled back, that broad wide thing, and Dean couldn’t help but kiss him again.
He missed Dean. He missed Dean as humanity would miss the moon if it were to suddenly disappear. Castiel’s ache unmoored him, caused the host of heaven to question him, it had caused them to turn their backs on him, and he still couldn’t and wouldn’t turn his back on Dean, and he ached. He ached even when Dean was there.
“That sounds needlessly convoluted,” Cas murmured. “What’s the difference between a reaper and Death anyway?”
And it wasn’t like they didn’t try to include him as much as they could. Cas was going out for walks with Jack. And sometimes he went grocery shopping with Dean and Sam, which had made the outing take an hour longer than it should have because he had to touch and sniff everything before he would allow it to be dropped into the cart, which he was somehow now the guardian of. They’d even taken him clothes shopping, which had been a whole different kind of ordeal. Cas had ran his hands over everything in the store and came out with the same sort of stuff that Dean had brought him in Washington anyway, along with a few flannel shirts to really cement him as a member of the Winchester family and three pairs of straight cut jeans. Somewhere along the line, Eileen and Sam had taught him how to look out for a case. Though, with a healing skull fracture and a broken collarbone, there wasn’t too much Cas could do, and the guy still needed a lot of rest.
“It’s Eileen,” Sam said, voice quiet and brittle as his wide eyes began to shine, hands shaking. “She says she’s in Jasper, Arkansas,” he added, frowning slightly. “Dean, we have to go get her,” he looked up at Dean and Sam’s puppy soft expression so completely reminded him of the small boy he’d practically raised. That boundless hopeful smile took up his whole face, and who the hell was Dean to deny his younger brother?
When he wanted to understand something about people, Castiel usually observed them, and he was certain that he had observed love but he didn’t feel as though he understood it any better than before. He supposed that it was time to ask someone who had actually been in love for some advice.
“Oh, well that’s good,” Dean said, hedging his tone toward hopeful, just in case it wasn’t. He looked up at Cas from the corner of his eye.
He, again, wondered at the nature of their relationship. When he looked at Dean, he felt strongly that he was missing something, something important. There was a lot that he was missing. His memory felt like a void, or a blank canvas, something he needed to fill. And whatever it was that was between him and Dean sat like a safe in the centre of his mind. If only he knew the code to unlock it.
“I’ll go with you,” Eileen said, “I’ve got some people to catch up with, if you don’t mind me using a laptop,” she went on, and there was something in her smile that said she also wanted to spend more time with Sam, alone.
“Hey sweetheart, it looks like you’re whole family’s come through,” she chimed, “you ready for some visitors?” And when he nodded she pushed the door open wide.
“Well then,” Cas said, folding his arms, he hid his hands around his body and skewered Dean with that same look he’d worn every time he had asked Dean how he was doing.
“The difference with that Cas, is that you are,” Dean said, wiping his face, he pulled himself up to sit against the headboard, “you are, were, an angel, I’ve never met anyone like you,” he finished, his eyes met Castiel’s with defiance, though there was a hint of anxiety there too.
Dean popped the hood, got everything together and started in on Baby’s guts before he started talking.
“It was,” Jack piped up, “but I fixed it, or at least made it better,” he added and went back to his phone.
“Thanks for the enlightening information Dean, but what I’m talking about are the signs of a coven, which seem to be written all over these walls,” Sam bit back, gesturing at the walls around them.
“Hello Dean,” he said, as though he were just dropping by, as though he were a neighbour or any regular friend that could just swing by Bobby’s, and not an angel of the lord who went as quickly as he came.
The man from his motel memories came through the door first, he rushed the bed and stalled there, face pensive and hands twitchy. He looked tired and worry worn with dark smears under his forest green eyes, the stark fluorescents washed out his skin tone and gave him a pale sickly hue. Jimmy, Cas, whatever, thought that the lights made everyone look ill so that the patients didn’t feel so bad.
“It’s not?” Dean asked, he didn’t want to hope but it was already spider-webbing its way outward from his chest and through his body.
“Claire, I know that this might be difficult to talk about, but I have your father’s wallet,” Castiel began, he watched Claire’s face and hoped he would notice if he had overstepped some line, “if you want it, I’d be happy to give it to you.”
“Yeah, one of your brothers, Raphael, obliterated you, turned you into chunks,” Dean explained, Raphael had spread Cas’ guts across God’s couch, and wasn't that one hell of a sentence. It was probably better not to think too much about it. “Then God brought you back, in Jimmy’s body, but without Jimmy.”
“Good, ‘cause I’d like that too,” Dean returned, sharper than he would have liked to say something like that, but he knew it was the only way those words were going to come out.
“I still have my memories, a large portion remains out of my grasp, but I’ve remembered quite a lot too,” Castiel said, “my personality appears to have remained intact as I’ve been told.”
Cas was turned around in his seat, talking to Eileen about an old woman they’d seen shoplifting at the last gas station, she’d had to have been at least eighty.
“No, I’m not am I?” Dean said with a sigh, but Castiel could see the corner of his mouth twitching upward.
“Yeah, books and movies aren’t exactly a one to one for the lived human experience,” Sam said, and started in on his salad again.
“Not particularly,” Castiel said. He sunk into the seat, tipped his head back against it, and closed his eyes as he willed the painkillers to work quickly.
“As in the cosmic entity?” Cas asked, he sounded tired and Dean didn’t blame him, besides sitting in the car for hours on end, just thinking about all the unbelievable things they’d been through was exhausting.
And despite that, when he looked at Dean he found home, though he didn’t quite know what that meant yet. He still didn’t know a whole lot about their relationship. So far the most he’d gathered was that they had a strong and profound effect upon each other, Castiel could feel it inside him. And for Dean, it had been apparent in his drunken plea, but it was also there in every word and every look they shared. They had sacrificed a lot for each other, that much was quite apparent. And though he could tell that everyone in that room had done so much for each other, meant so much to each other, he knew that it was different with Dean.
“Look, if you’re worried about what’s going on back home and you wanna call in or something, then we can handle this,” Dean said, hunched over a little as he stared hard into Castiel’s eyes, in an obvious effort at reassurance and comfort.
It wasn’t Cas’ face, though Jimmy Novak was long gone, Cas was still wearing the man’s body. Jimmy had given Cas his blessing, and Dean supposed that Cas had grown used to it. Dean knew that he’d feel weird if Cas turned up looking like someone else. To him, this was Cas. It was odd, though, to have a friend who you couldn’t even really look at or truly hear without bleeding from the eyes and ears. He wondered if, when he died, he’d be able to see what Cas really looked like.
“No, I doubt it,” Cas said, and gingerly shifted his right shoulder, the plastic of his sling noisily pulled against his clothes, “what about you?”
Despite all the distraction Cas was proving to be, Dean’s ears were still ringing from the phone call he’d had with Claire the day before. She had, rightly, chewed him out for not even telling her that Cas had died. Though, he doubt that he would have been able to say much of anything about it without falling apart, he’d spent the days after the Empty had claimed it’s prize trying desperately not to think about it while also trying to stop God from ending the world. He knew he owed her, he owed her a lot of words that he’d never manage to wrangle out of his mouth and more still.
Sam went still for a moment, drawing their attention, and pulled his phone out of his pocket. He stared at the screen and became still again, almost statuesque.
He tried to get more comfortable against the bench seat, and watched as the world slid by through the windshield. Guitars continued to wail from the stereo. They drove further into the night, leaving medical bills and a possible felony in the rearview, and it didn’t feel like the first crime he’d ever committed, or the worst. Then again if he were an angel, did the laws of humans really apply to him? If they didn’t before then they did now. And just that line of thought left Castiel’s head spinning.
“Look, I’ll be back soon and we can get him changed and out of there in the next hour, and then he’ll have my undivided attention all the way back to Kansas,” Dean said, tone dangerously close to flippant, “okay?”
“Yes, Cas told me about that,” Jack said, fingers noisily sliding over the cassette tapes. “He said that it was one of his biggest regrets,” he added sadly, frowning into the box.
He tried to focus on the words but the song had already changed. Driving always led his mind to wander, which was usually fine when he was alone, but with Sam in the car with him, he’d have to come up with something when his brother asked what was on his mind.
“I don’t remember,” Cas murmured. He felt left out by the shared expressions of fondness as Sam, Jack and Eileen reminisced over something he couldn’t remember. “Though, I do, somehow, remember every episode of a show called Dr. Sexy,” he added, and Sam exploded with laughter, hand braced on the chair as he folded into it.
“Well, it’s complicated,” Sam began, and for a moment Castiel fantasised about reaching over the table to slam his pinched face against the window, instead he fixed Sam with a glare. “Okay,” Sam drew out slowly, and shot a pleading look at Dean, while Jack took up the mantel of signing for Eileen.
“You prayed. I assumed you required my aid?” Cas said in the ensuing silence, head tilted toward Dean.
“I get that, but if it’s got anything to do with you and him, then I know he’d prefer I didn’t give you my opinion and he just knows you better than I do in a lot of ways, you’re gonna have to give him time to get the words sorted out in his head,” Sam said, face flat, because if anyone knew anything about the difficulties Dean had with expressing himself then it was Sam.
“That’s, that’s almost impossible to explain,” Dean said, laughing bitterly as he shook his head, “it’s so convoluted that even if you know it’s true in here,” he went on, and tapped his chest, over his heart, with the pads of two fingers, “you still won’t believe it in here,” he tapped his temple.
Instead of replying, Sam turned to Eileen, tipped his head to the side and left with her in tow. Jack stared after them for a moment before he closed the distance between him and Castiel, and gingerly wrapped his arms around him, careful of his injuries.
“Oh, you’re on sweetheart,” Dean said, smiling back just as sharply, “and if you call me old again, you’ll be the one getting called punk.”
“Dean, that’s not going to happen,” Cas said, voice low and serious, as though Dean had offended him.
It’s that very night when Castiel is close to sleep, Dean’s fingers still with a fine tremor from the head injury, sifting through his hair. He says, clear as a bell without even a hint of a stutter, “I love you, Castiel.”
Sam's mouth drops open. Then shuts. It would make Dean feel better if he lied, but he's pretty sure his expression's already given it away, so he says, "not until recently. Look, I'll admit I've had some lonely days here and there, but you've needed a lot more resources than me. And it's not your fault. Like you said, I was back on my feet before you were. You were allowed to have the focus."
, Castiel’s says. They pass the rings to Missouri, who holds them up in her palm for everyone to see.
Gabriel has showed up at some point with food that no one eats. He sits in the corner under the TV by the window, staring out into the city without saying a word or so much as attempting to pull Sam away from Castiel.
Now is not the time. They don’t have enough of it. They don’t have any of it. Their attention shouldn’t be split. Life won’t wait. But... but
Sam gives him a long, apologetic look. “I’m worried about why you’re doing this,” he says eventually.
But here? Now? Castiel is on him, breathless and gorgeous and hard and waiting, and Dean slams the door on his fear.
But God help him, he needs this right now. Vulnerable doesn’t fit too well in his lexicon, but he’s cracked wide open and this is the only thing that’s bringing him a measure of peace. Something he sorely fucking needs, at least tonight. He cries like a goddamn baby for the first time since he woke up, and Castiel’s weight blankets him.
“My eyes are already blue,” Castiel lilts, tying the line back up over Dean’s opposite shoulder, making a V, and then again over Dean’s neck, the lengths starting to form a star over the center of his chest.
"Aw, don't say that, sweetheart! You can't threaten me when I'm the one with the blackmail material."
When he finds a sensitive spot under Gabriel's ear, they both shiver. In a wavering voice, Gabriel mutters, "not to start off with too high expectations here or anything, but you're gonna rock my world, Samshine. I can tell."
Taking another swig of his beer, Dean shrugs. “I know that. You’re here ‘cause you fit. So.” He smacks Jack on the back, making him slosh his drink. “Welcome to the family.”
Castiel coughs again, burrowing until his head is barely visible. "Tea. Eucalyptus oil to put in the humidifier in my room."
Dean shouts to draw attention and starts flipping everyone off and making ridiculous faces. He keeps his hands as close to Sam’s head as possible to ensure that no one gets a clear picture that they can use.
Dean hangs up the phone and shakes his head. Monday. He can wait until Monday to make sure that he hadn't just dreamed it all up.
For a brief second he wonders if Sam's earlier belief that they could learn how to break a thrall off totally has something to do with this particular skill.
Cain’s grin broadens once more. “It’s my job. So, without further ado, here’s what I see. You’re much more careful, controlled. Your impulsivity didn’t used to be a detriment exactly, but your more cautious nature now makes you better at what you do without the added dispassion for collateral damage. I think that instead of just knowing how valuable and fragile life is, you now understand it. That makes you even less willing to take unnecessary risks. But it also makes your protocols much more practical and effective. You bring a lot to the table, Dean, and if push comes to shove, you’ll find that barn side to be plenty broad.”
Aside from the hiccup before, the rest goes as smooth as silk. Jack knows the drill inside and out. More than that, he doesn’t let Dean play second fiddle to him. He stands beside Dean the entire time without a hint of irony or kowtowing. Dean appreciates not only the gesture, but also the truth of it.
“All his fans say that,” Gabriel quips from the doorway, traipsing into the room. He plops unceremoniously into Sam’s lap, leaves a wet, smacking kiss to the side of his head, then proceeds to add three heaping teaspoons of sugar to Sam’s coffee in order to render it completely undrinkable to everyone else but him. Sam makes a face, but moves on to his orange juice anyway, and doesn’t bother to make Gabriel move.
The screaming roar of the crowd is deafening as Castiel holds open the blackout curtain for Sam to step onto the stage. The cacophony only increases as a thousand people jump to their feet in adulation.
The corner of Dean's lip tilts up in a barely there smirk. And he follows behind his brother to the garage. Grabs his keys off of the wall hook. He flips on the light in the garage, Baby gleaming proudly under the glow.
Dean's eyes trail up. It's been dark enough that a few stars are visible, though they'd see a lot more if he turned off the lights. Which he absolutely isn't going to do right now. This is terrifying enough. He's fucking terrified. Therefore, he scares himself further by reaching out to squeeze Castiel's hand briefly and then pulling away like it's a hot stove rather than soft flesh.
“You won’t have to for the moment,” Gabriel says, sounding tired. “I’ve made arrangements. Called everyone. You’re in the clear for the time being. At least this week. I told
Castiel kicks a pebble with his scuffed cowboy boots as he continues his trek. “Sunny. A little cold. Why are you bothering me?”
“That’s true,” Castiel says. “Until we can figure out what’s going on and come up with a better course of action, we’ll lock down the house. Twenty-four hour security watch.” He turns to face Jody. “Can you spare some patrols? Plain clothes cops, perhaps.”
? Dean’s eyes flit over Castiel’s whole body for some guidance, but there’s none. What the fuck? Why is he doing this? What kind of test is this? He’s never
Finally the whole ordeal is over and they’re hustling Sam back to the car. Luckily everything has run exactly on schedule because they’re already pushing it to make it to the airport in time to catch their flight to Atlanta for the convention.
It swings open a second later to reveal... probably an angel. No, a sex god. No, a lust demon. No, Dean Winchester, in all his beaming, freshly showered glory.
He flops his head back on the couch, staring at the ceiling, counting slowly. However, his body's had enough panic for the day. Instead, it decides to stick on being sad and disappointed in himself. He's probably going to have to get used to that.
The thing is, he realizes that he’s equal parts irritated by, and attracted to, Castiel. It’s not news. He felt the zing of it the first time he’d shook the guy’s hand a year ago. But those feelings fuck up his radar something awful, leaving him on his back foot more of than not; definitely more than he’d like. Even worse, considering he refuses to read the man because he sees his own desires sometimes fleetingly echoed on Castiel’s face. Or it could be his imagination. His gut says it’s not, but the alternative is terrifying. Therefore, he deflects like a champ. With a small snort, he mutters, “joking, Cas.”
Dean takes Castiel’s chin in his hand, turning his head to kiss him properly. When he shifts back, his eyes are clear and certain. “Yeah. Never again.”
It’s incongruously quiet outside the hotel. There’s activity, but little movement. The local police are setting up crime scene tape and there’s a lot of talking going on. Castiel’s eyes sweep across the scene and halt on a huddle of officers and security in the street right outside the parking lot. Someone is on the ground. There’s blood and a pair of shiny black dress shoes.
Dean loves it when that happens. His muscles are already relaxing. Castiel maneuvers his arms like it’s nothing, bending Dean’s elbows and crossing his forearms so that they rest flat against his back. He takes the lead rope on Dean’s right wrist and pulls it across his chest, then the left, looping them around a few times in a simple harness before tying them off in a holding knot behind his back.
He might as well tempt fate since it's gone this far. He needs Dean's hands in his wings more. He needs all of this. Fluidly, he pushes up onto his knees and turns in the hunter's arms. He waits for a protest that never comes. Dean doesn't make another sound, in fact. He just smashes their mouths together and lets Castiel unbuckle his jeans, releasing his cock from his boxers.
The bathroom is quiet enough that it makes his ears ring, and starts the adrenaline crash that always leaves him mildly depressed after such an awesome time, despite the fun promised to follow back at Gabriel's. Even post-party letdown can't kill his grin as he relieves himself and moves to the sink to wash his hands.
If it hadn't been so astute and actually true, Dean would not have laughed. But he does, because Castiel is kinda sorta right. And today's already been such a weird day. He's already done something he didn't think he'd be able to do for a long time. What if...
Rolling his eyes for the second time at his husband in less than twenty-four hours, Castiel hands over a mug. “It was important that I wake up first today.”
They hadn’t explicitly agreed on a total separation of church and state, and though Dean would love to tell Castiel to keep it in his pants, he can’t deny that this is turning him on a little. He likes it, and can’t be bothered to muster up the appropriate indignation to put a stop to it.
"Yeah. Not skin to skin. We had our coats on, but I wouldn't have been able to do even that much a few months ago."
Sam studies himself in the mirror again, though he looks perfectly put together. “I had a nightmare the other day. I was standing at the altar and Gabe opened the door. Saw me at the end of the aisle, and then he just... bolted. Slammed the door behind him.”
They’d already talked about - and agreed upon - what they were going to bring up in the session, though when Castiel says, “Dean gave me divorce papers,” it really hurts to admit, further from it after a few days or not.
“He only mad-d-de us stronger,” Dean reminds him. And hell, he really actually believes that. It’s pretty fucking fortifying. “All of us.”
And Castiel can be patient. He slings his suitcase onto the bed and unzips it, sorting the clean and dirty laundry. He’s hanging his suit shirts into the closet and making his return trip when he notices a file folder on Dean’s night stand. The label says, “Pellegrino.” Interesting. That’s something to look at while he’s waiting. Something that won’t bother Dean to have been found.
Castiel can’t hold back the flood of tears at the sound of Dean’s voice. It’s scraped raw, and has no volume whatsoever, but it’s
Dean’s only response is a huge sigh, then raising his right hand to lay over Castiel’s on his sternum.
"Sudden," Castiel groans. Now that he's lying down he appears disinclined to move ever again, so he curls his feet up under the blanket and wiggles around until he's comfortable. "Hit me all at once when I was getting ready for bed last night."
He bumps their foreheads together, his regretful sigh ghosting over Sam's wet lips. "If we make out, I'll get all worked up."
Castiel uncurls his legs and moves even closer until they’re only a scant few inches apart. He bends his knees to either side of Dean’s hips, pleased when Dean drapes his arms over them naturally.
"You've been allowed since day one, until you decided to make it a twofor. You can't make a unilateral decision in a relationship. You can have your say, he can have his, and then you're supposed to find the middle ground. And I know you know that already, so what's the deal?"
For as much money as the university has paid to renovate and update the library, the elevator is ancient and slow. And creaky. Maybe he'll get stuck in it and have more time to prepare himself for the unknown.
Dean turns around, but Castiel leaves his hand as a point of contact, fingers sliding over Dean’s arm to rest against his chest. “How?”
Castiel finishes tying his shoes then comes to sit on the bed. Dean’s twitchy again, shaking with pain, stuttering harder than usual. “There’s still time for the sedative.”
Dean pulls his ear covers down with a sigh, unloading the clip from the gun and setting them both down on the table. “It’s not g-g-g-getting better,” he says.
"You won't," Dean promises. "Ignorance doesn't insult me. I know you're not trying to be an asshole, so it's okay. You've always treated me... I hate to say, 'normally,' but..."
Sam laughs, though it's 96% at himself. "I'm sorry. You're sick and I was surprised. You always seem so... I dunno. Put together."
"Yeah," Dean answers. "Sort of an uncle, if I really had to say. He took care of me and Sam a lot when we were kids and Dad was on business travel. Then after he died..." he trails off. He glances to Sam, and his gaze drops down, shuttering.
It’s permission. He knows it. The orgasm that shoots out of him is almost violent in its intensity. Spots dance behind his closed eyes. He’s pretty sure he came so hard he pulled a muscle. Somewhere.
He can barely feel the plug slipping out of his body thanks to Dean’s meticulous care. But every so often, he thrusts it back in partway, or twists it enough that it sends sparks lighting through Castiel. He can’t get used to it to find his equilibrium. Dean is expertly keeping him fully aroused and on the edge every second. It’s perfect. Dean knows how to comply and then go several levels beyond what’s expected. He’s a natural at being a sub, regardless of his attitude outside of the bedroom. He takes so much pleasure from being able to please. Loves giving pleasure as much as receiving it. In that regard, he’s the same as Castiel. It’s unselfish, and that makes it feel so pure.
"No sweat," Dean assures him. He plants a kiss on Castiel's temple, puts their hands together, and guides them both to the kitchen. "I'm one of those guys who can pretty much eat all the time. I haven't had dinner, either." He opens the fridge. "Seriously, narrow it down for me. We got everything from sandwiches to breakfast food."
Benny and Gabriel slip into the room a few moments later. Benny stands in front of his friends. “You need to go see him,” he says with a razor edge to his kind tone.
They smile at each other for several heartbeats, then Castiel’s gaze softens. “Thank you, Dean,” he says, total sincerity again.
Sam frowns deeply. “I don’t like that. I mean, it’s great that he’ll have someone with him, and I know you’ll be an awesome caretaker, but what if there’s another emergency? What if there are complications? Vancouver is too far away for me to get back to him quickly!”
Castiel glances to Dean, noting his stiff posture and the muscle ticking in his jaw. “Are you ready?”
Castiel and Benny take up posts on either side of Sam while Dean parts the crowds in front of him by trying to out-harass the already-harassed airport patrons. And once stuffed inside the train, settles on standing as close to the exit doors as he can while muttering, “fucking Atlanta with the world’s busiest airport. And fucking bugs. And fucking lava air. And fucking
Dean smiles tiredly, still looking a bit drunk. “You d-d-do so much for me. I never...” he shakes his head of the cobwebs. “You’re amazing, Cas.”
Thankfully, Castiel is back in a minute with a fresh change of clothes and a huge medical bag. He's also taken off his coat and boots, revealing jeans, a casual button down, and a hell of body all around.
Ash leans over the table, propping his elbows up and regarding Sam like he has all the answers to the universe. "You think he's hot?"
Castiel goes cross eyed for a second. He leans back with a scowl. "What the hell," he grumbles for the second time in thirty minutes.
Castiel takes the anklet, drawing his gaze up. “Lover, servant, partner, forever,” he murmurs. “May I?”
Sam is the only one at least attempting a good mood. “Both of you are such babies. Come on, it’s almost your turn.” He goes to the Customs officer when directed and gets stamped through. Dean and Castiel follow quickly.
Of course not. The kid is made of energy. “I don’t feel like I sleep at all.” He’s been feeling really old for a while.
Castiel kisses Dean on the shoulder. Then he goes still in increments. Dean waits it out. He’s known Castiel to be reticent, but never avoidant. His patience pays off a few minutes later.
“That mouth on you,” Castiel tuts, suddenly back to full confidence. “I see you’re not taking your punishment seriously enough. I suppose we should remedy that.” So very slowly, Castiel unknots his tie and removes it. He approaches the bed. Eyes Dean up and down. “I’ll need to teach you to behave before you ruin all of my ties,” he says regretfully. He makes a firm knot in the center and leans down until he’s inches away. “Open wide,” he murmurs.
Castiel slings Dean's arm around his shoulders and bears his weight as he guides him back towards the house. "I want to meet your brother. Talk to him about this. And his thrall, if they're willing."
Dean’s eyebrows go up. That doesn’t make any sense to him. Somehow he feels like he’s intruding into a part of Castiel’s psyche that he really shouldn’t be. But he says, “I don’t get it. Man, you basically told me last time this happened that you’d prefer putting her down and getting me a new horse!”
Thankfully, Dean is a great team player because he’s unbuttoning their pants in seconds, artlessly shoving his hands inside to bring their cocks together.
“I told you,” Dean mutters, fighting a real losing battle with his bowtie. “Nothing was gonna go wrong on my wedding day.” He tears at the bad knot again, finally jerking the tie off and throwing it with force at the mirror. “What goddamn witchcraft is needed to tie this fucking thing?!”
Gabriel leans back further in his chair. "Yeah, that fifty percent of all is a hundred percent of the tenured professors." His saucy, conspiratorial grin makes Sam's heart beat funny for a few seconds.
He doesn't turn to look over his shoulder, but as easily as he felt the tension, he can feel the release of some of it now. "Yes," Castiel admits. "It's the good kind of nervous, though."
Begrudgingly Dean has to admit that Jack is an excellent shot. He’d probably give both Bobby and Dean a tough run for their rankings in a full course. Personally, Dean hates the thought, but it’s nothing but good news for Sam’s protection. If Jack can stay this calm and sharp under pressure, no threat would stand a chance. Of course, the gun range and real life are two vastly different things.
In fact, the second that an entire scaffolding is set up to build a second story balcony, Dean is ready to start salivating. He can't wait for that place to go on sale. He doesn't even care how much it costs; he wants it. He's gotta have it. Screw what Sam and Eileen want. They're settled. He checks his savings and then hacks Sam's accounts (only to make himself sound badass. Sam has the same password for everything, and told it to Dean more than once) so that he can see how much his little brother has squirreled away for a personal loan for the down payment, if necessary.
Sam's hand flies out, and he smacks Gabriel on the forehead. Then he's gone before the sting even registers for a heartfelt "ow!"
Slowly, Castiel takes stock and Dean can see the realization dawning. He says nothing, simply staring owlishly at Dean. But then, he asks, "why did you save me?"
Dean swallows hard. Raises his cup in cheers, "you, too, man." Then he steps to the side to grab a straw while watching Castiel smile at the next customer in line, as always, hoping it's not just his imagination that he doesn't look quite as genuinely happy to see them as he does Dean. Wishful thinking, but some days, it's the best Dean can hope for in a full schedule of intrusive thoughts.
Castiel’s not about to give up. He can work with this. Dean wants him to. He wants to. He never wanted an unchallenging sub. “Please focus.”
Betas are sterile, and act as population control. In times of great planetary stress, evolutionary stress, or cultural stress, more betas will be born in an effort to control too much rapid overpopulation. But the opposite is also true. If a stressor causes a population dip, like happened during the World Wars, for example, we'll see the rise of alphas and omegas born.
Cutting that line of thinking right off the top, Dean says a little too harshly, "I'm okay, Sam. I'm not unhappy. It's not like I wanted to go clubbing anyway. Ever. In a million years."
long time. It’s after midnight by the time Bobby drops off on the couch in the middle of a classic Christmas movie, Charlie slipping onto his shoulder a few minutes later.
From there, it's back to Charlie and Dorothy's house where the promised fireworks are brought up from the basement to the back lawn right after sundown. Charlie appears with a bucket of water and slams it onto the porch with a pointed glare of warning at Ash.
It's a loaded statement that Dean sure does want to delve into. Later, when he's not feeling so comfortable, for once not freaking out about the possibility of Sam being out of his reach overnight. So he lets it slide. "The pie yesterday? It was really good."
. Dean shakes his head, arms beginning to burn as he eases himself down further. Breath puffing out of his nose, he rolls his hips gently until the tip pops in past his rim. He can do this. He can.
Rolling his eyes, Dean plops down next to his brother and offers him a peace treaty in the form of a beer. Sam takes it gratefully. "I'm gonna need your help with something."
The waiting room is blessedly clear when he returns. He must have been in the bathroom for a long time, but he doesn’t care. There’s no doctor approaching him yet. No nurses. He sits, eyes trained unseeingly on the TV mounted to the wall, images flickering that he doesn’t understand. Doesn’t give two shits about. Absently, his thumb strokes over the anklet, broken pieces scraping against the pad of his finger. Over and over. It’s his only comfort.
cares about Sam is. “You need to be honest with him,” Dean decides, offering up some advice in a show of good faith.  “You know him. The longer you go on withholding, the more Sam’ll get his panties in a twist about it. He’ll be too busy being angry at you to make out with you.”
Dean wraps his hand around it, stroking loosely, but it’s enough. It’s a lot. It’s so hot and tight inside Castiel. The sensation pools in his belly, ricocheting down to his toes and up to the top of his scalp. He wants to come so badly he can taste it.
“You’re my favorite thing about everything,” Castiel growls, pressing their bodies together inch to inch. “Dean, you’re-” he breaks off with a noise that sounds suspiciously like a sob. “You’re...” He cups Dean’s face in his palms, kissing his husband all over his face adoringly.
“Stopstopstop!” Dean gasps after a minute. Or two. He pushes Castiel back and then pulls him closer again.
Sam nods along like he both expected and doesn't deserve the response he gets. "Okay," he says again. "So, we're good with my new schedule? Internship and everything?"
Rolling his eyes, Sam argues, “then let me have the illusion of it. We’re getting married here. It’s gonna be small, and it’s gonna be awesome. And if I have to make a prenup, I will.”
Castiel is still smiling when he settles in. "You didn't upgrade anything to automatic while you were at it?" He nods towards the manual windows, plus the lack of key fob on Dean's keychain.
Surprised, Sam tips his shoulders up sheepishly. “Dunno. I thought you just went out to run errands or something.”
The rest of his life awaits him out in the spacious backyard. There’s no desire in him to keep it waiting. Not for anything.
Some mornings Dean Winchester can feel the years eating at him, skin, muscle and bone. Days when the sun comes up over the dusty horizon right into his eyes to wake him with the sharp reminder of how old he’s getting.
He scratches his chin. “You’re not wrong. I guess I mean, thank you for figuring him out so quickly. When he gets angry, he either gets stubborn, or does too much. I’m not trying to infantilize him, or anything...” he trails off, unable to accurately express his thoughts.
People begin to realize what’s happening, and rippling panic sets in. Everyone starts to move, and more start to scream. There’s going to be a stampede.
“I find that amount of trust quite erotic usually, but tonight, I’m far more curious to explore the trust. The intimacy. The closeness. May I?”
With an ecstatic whoop and shout, Sam flings his arms up as high as he can and smashes the drumsticks down into the pool of paint as hard as he can, in time to the music. Charlie and Dorothy practically scream their delight, following suit. It only takes seconds before they're covered in countless drops of paint. It's in their hair, on their faces. Sam's shirt is nearly soaked and heavy. In a fit of exhilaration, he whips it off over his head and tosses it over his shoulder. The smaller group around them yells their support with wolf whistles and catcalls. He doesn't even care. The feeling of cold paint on his overheated skin feels amazing.
he doesn’t play these Hollywood bullshit games! He’s a breath of fresh fucking air in this industry. Dude, you took him on because you
"There's always freaking pie," Sam answers, definitely having expected that reaction. "Plus, I'm giving you a bit of a compromise. There's bacon bits for the salad."
Rubbing Dean’s arm soothingly, Castiel says, “it’s a much lighter sedation. You’ll be awake by the time we arrive at St. David’s. Dean, this stress on your body and your mind is too much. It’s just this last step. Things will get so much better once we’re back home.”
"I can't help it," Castiel admits. "It gives me a connection, you know? I'm tactile with everything. It feels... I don't know. Like I can be closer to the whole world around me if I use as many of my senses as I can to experience it. It makes me happy to use all my senses with people and things that I care about. It's important to me. That's something you should know. I wouldn't ever demand anything from you that can't give, but it's... yes, it's part of what makes me, me."
Sam turns away from him when his own face starts to roast, instead picking up the coffee cup with his name scrawled on it in calligraphic Sharpie, obviously Gabriel's handwriting. "You don't need to," he says softly. "You really don't. That was all me. I've got a lot to explain."
He squeezes Dean’s hand again, and Dean takes the cue. His mind is pretty blank, but somehow, he’s confident that he can find the words for once in his life. “Cas, I... man, you’re a hard act to follow, you know that?”
The first day of the convention, Friday, is pins and needles for the team. Dean and Castiel don’t joke or banter, sticking to their posts with eyes constantly trained on the crowds. It puts Sam on edge, though he plays to the show’s fans well when he’s in public. There’s blessedly no sign of Lucifer, though if he has to show up, Dean would prefer it sooner rather than later after the long hours and exhaustion start to set in. But the more the day goes on, the more Sam relaxes. He’s all beaming smiles and excitement when they make it back to the suite past midnight.
Gently, Castiel removes the reliquary and ties off the leather cord. It's easy to slip over Dean's head because the hunter's head has dipped down, eyes squeezed shut. Castiel puts it around Dean's neck. Slides his hands down to cup Dean's face, thumbs brushing the stubble.
Sam rubs the back of his neck, somehow cowed by Dorothy's sincerity. He's been keeping so much in for so long that it's unnatural for him to spill to anyone. Even people he knows well who don't already know his past and present situation. He didn't come to college to be some sort of nerd hermit and not make any friends. He desperately wants to meet people, hang out, be as normal as he can be for a while. It would be a wonderful bonus to have a social life as well as an education. But he also knows how much lying and not sharing ruins any chance of that.
you're going into. You schmooze them with the vague details, then push past it and sell your strong points. And maybe I'm biased here, but I fully believe you have a ton more of those than guilt at your past mistakes."
Castiel knows nothing but his single minded focus until a force tries to yank him away from his husband. Which can’t happen. He can’t let that happen! He scrambles against the force, kicking at it, hands reaching again for Dean. He has to... he needs to...
"Nah," Dean answers, tracing his fingertip around the lid of his coffee cup. "But, um... since we're in it to win it now, I figured maybe Jody and Donna could talk to us together to kinda... ease the way. Or something. You don't have to. There's just some stuff about us I wanna ask them about, and maybe you'd like to be there, too."
It’s easy to lose track of the time in Castiel’s orbit, which he does. Which they both do. The lazy kisses between them only lapse for words of affection and eventually Dean’s earpiece slips out unheeded.
The exit opens into the parking lot right off the main street to the hotel. There’s no telling which direction Lucifer went in, but there’s a pretty good vantage point from all directions a couple yards up.
Suddenly uncomfortable after prolonged comfortable, Sam also sits back and says haltingly, "um. Thanks. For all your help. You've probably saved my life and all my grades."
Still in that strange twilight of consciousness that happens when woken in the middle of dream, Dean thinks,
, he thinks. Then again, Castiel is the same. He’s not sure how to ease any of the strain that they’re both under. How should he approach it? More as a husband? More as a Dom? Both? Neither? “I’m nervous, too,” he murmurs. “Perhaps... maybe a give and take?”
Dean takes Castiel's face in his hands, thumbing away the tear tracks, kissing him again and again. He weighs them both down into the mattress, his warm body solid. "I'm staying," he says firmly between one touch of his lips and the next. "Tonight and any other night you call me over. I'll stay. Please don't kick me out anymore, Cas. I've always hated it. I've wanted to stay with you since the beginning."
Miltons. Most of them do live in New York,” Gabriel confesses. “This place is just a rental now. Usually for shindigs like this. High profile weddings. You know the drill. They gotta put up appearances on both coasts like the show offs they are.”
“Yes,” Castiel says with no hesitation. “None of that is off limits. It’s best if Dean knows everything. And I’m comfortable with that. I don’t want to keep secrets. They can only be harmful at this juncture.”
Dean doesn’t take his eyes off of the horizon. “What g-g-gets me,” he says like they’d been having a whole conversation already, “is that Michael is out there right now. Probably watching us. Trying to figure out the b-b-best way in.”
Dean’s teeth clack shut, jaw muscle twitching. Castiel looks equally displeased, but obeys Sam’s order.
Laughing harder, Dean says, “what if we were offering you two d-d-dollars an hour and no b-b-benefits?”
For once he doesn't mind waiting. There's quite suddenly no anxiety in his mind at all over this exchange. It's a small insight into Castiel, and he admits that he could very possibly be wrong about everything, but it seems as though Castiel is nervous, too. Maybe he wants to impress Dean as much as Dean wants to impress him. Which isn't all that hard these days. Or maybe it is if Dean's brain decides the first date with a hot hippie is the prime time for a panic attack or something.
It doesn’t take long before Dean’s balls harden in his hand, drawing up. He’s close. With a groan and barely contained control, Castiel releases both Dean and himself. Then he stands up on shaky legs to admire his work. The ropes pushing into Dean’s skin. The bruising hickies. The look of wrecked pleasure on his sub’s face.
"For blaming you for me wanting to be normal. I know that ain't gonna happen. I just... I wish it would."
got syndicated, that’d be your ticket out. I thought it would, anyway. All the signs were there. But then... way before any of that... you changed. I didn’t know what to expect. Then the exclusive contract? I didn’t know what to think.” He shoves his hands agitatedly through his hair.
"Good," Castiel smiles right back, not shying away. "It's calming you down. And I like being able to help."
Sam’s in the kitchen eating sliced fruit and scrambled eggs, swiping around on his tablet. “‘Morning, Dean,” he says without looking up.
He knows he's not exactly unbiased here. And because of that he can't decide whether Dean's made a good decision about dating at this stage in his treatment, or whether Sam's just being overly cautious. Either one is likely. The problem is that neither one seems more likely with Sam so close to the situation.
Sam smiles wanly. “Okay. That’s good enough for me, I guess.” He pats his brother on the shoulder and helps him clean up the range with no further argument. Once everything is put away, they make their way back to the house together. Jack and Castiel are holed up in the office going through the paperwork, so Dean painstakingly trudges up the stairs to the bedroom to shower.
The cowboy jerks back, levels Castiel with one final hard look, then spins on his booted heel, and then he’s stomping away.
But then there’s the distinct moment where they’re beyond ready. Castiel picks himself back up and cleans his hand with one of the antibacterial wipes.
Dr. Barnes nods over her shoulder and begins to lead the group towards the ICU as she speaks. “So, right now, we’ve done what we could for the trauma. Dean’s doing okay. The surgery wasn’t exactly textbook, though it was pretty effective. We’re not sure about any lasting effects of the damage, but over the next couple of days, we can run more tests and get a better picture of-”
"Um... yes! Yes, it said that sometimes you can be distracted out of a thought spiral if it's caught before it really gets going."
Jody Mills is one of Dean’s favorite people in the whole world. She is equally terrifying and maternal. Pretty much like a good mother should be, Dean assumes. His mother had died when he was too young to really know that for sure, but he loves Sheriff Mills.
Dean’s head falls back, mouth open in a silent “O” of ecstasy. He alternates between his chest and back, thin red welts spreading over his gorgeously freckled skin. Castiel wants to taste them all. Feel the heat of them on his lips and tongue.
Charlie has gone above and beyond the call of duty for the ceremony. Everyone has. White folding chairs are arranged in neat rows in front of a simple lattice archway woven with blue hydrangeas and white roses. At the corner of the full acre yard, closest to the house, several tents have been erected with hanging paper lanterns inside for light. It’s warm enough at high noon that no one will be uncomfortable, but it’ll cool off during the reception, so each of the tents has flaps to fold down if the party drags on after dark.
Finally, Missouri announces, “ladies and gentlemen gathered here, you stand witness to a union of body and soul. Of Castiel Novak and Dean Winchester. Do you promise to love, support, and advise them in all ways of their commitment and marriage? Please say, ‘we do.’”
“That’s fair,” Castiel says consideringly as he soaps up the loofah. He’s gentle the whole time, and Dean starts to wish that his shoulder hadn’t been dislocated because he suspects Castiel gives a hell of a shoulder massage. But the washing is good enough that it starts to make him lazy and mildly sleepy. “As long as I can retaliate, you can do what you want.”
“He didn’t tell me,” Castiel says faintly. Of course, the fact that he’d named Dean his executor without telling him, either, hasn’t escaped his notice. Honestly, they really should talk more about normal things like the future.
Jack’s face pinches into youthful worry. “Because he barely talks to me. And he glares a lot. Yesterday he told me that I wasn’t doing enough to bring myself up to speed when I didn’t remember Sam’s food allergies.”
"Yeah, sure," Jody says smugly. "And I'm sure it has absolutely nothing to do with you chatting up the barista who is over there watching through the window right this second?"
The last of the tension leaks out of Sam's large frame. "Okay, Dean," he says softly. "Okay. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to ambush you and cause a scene."
Immediately Dean’s legs fold, and Castiel guides him in a controlled fall onto the long benches in the hallway. Dean tucks his head between his knees, taking deep, regulated breaths.
“Check for threats, cover Sam, and clear a path. Block paparazzi shots when possible as a special bonus.”
Dean grins, clearly not off-put, and turns himself around, scooting halfway to meet Castiel. “Better?”
Clearing his throat to get Castiel to look at him directly, Dean frowns at him. “That other bird you killed was keeping me and Cassie apart more. I had to run all those menial errands for Sam all over the damn place when he was filming. Make sure he made his call times, and so much other bullshit. Which meant I couldn’t hang out with Cassie as much. Which meant you didn’t have to see the two of us together.”
"I get it," Dean says slowly. "It's the same reason I don't wanna move. Besides the stress of moving in the first place. It's where we grew up. The last connection we have to our parents besides the car. We've fixed it up over the years; erased the fire evidence that Dad couldn't bring himself to. It's a good home."
"Thanks for narrowing it down," Dean rolls his eyes good naturedly. "Okay, then, what's your favorite?"
She starts by kindly suggesting that Castiel and Sam avert their eyes to Dean’s mess of a lower leg while she pokes it with a blunt needle to find out where the nerve damage ends and makes sure it hasn’t spread from where she’d tested it previously. She also runs some motor skill, reflex, and cognitive tests that make her frown slightly. Castiel and Sam must wear the same expression because Dean starts glaring at all of them.
Dean sighs, grabs for the TV remote, and starts flipping channels. “Damn right, I would be,” he mumbles.
He remembers it when he's being released the next morning with new prescriptions, ankle brace, and wrist brace while Castiel reads every word of the discharge papers to make sure they're accurate.
Dean pinches the screen and drags the image wider. "Huh. Not too bad, if I do say so myself. Kinda wanna mess up his hair."
Castiel works the loofah over Dean’s shoulders and back. “Incredibly.” He pauses. More heavily says, “thank you, Dean.”
Cain shrugs. “Of course you do. You should have a more concrete discussion. The both of you. By yourselves, no distractions, nothing to hide behind. Lay down the actual goals, rather than just agreeing to make them. But that’s harder than anything, so you’re both avoiding it. Therefore, I need to ask: which one of you is going to draw his blade first?”
“Good. Then, I’ll get straight to the point that’s been pretty contentious for both of you in recent solo appointments. Why are you both still sleeping in separate rooms? There’s no physical need for it anymore considering Dean’s recovery status.”
It’s a good call because Dean takes his time settling while Castiel lets the minutes tick away, stroking Dean’s back, massaging, teasing, drawing nonsensical patterns here and there. “Are you ready?” he asks eventually.
Dean scowls. "Why? Because you're some sort of mind reader now? Or you been having some heart to hearts with Cas? Maybe getting your goddamn boyfriend in on this freak show?"
He’s obviously still in range of the radios because his voice crackles over the line. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen Sam so happy before.”
Castiel wakes up for his shift glaring at the world in general. He doesn’t mind doing this; he’d signed up for it. He just wishes it was easier to wake up when his body protests the hour so thoroughly.
Charlie swings around in front of them and jabs a finger at Sam and then Dorothy. "Look, I dunno what your story is, Sam, but you're young, you've got energy, you don't seem to be allergic to fun since you're hanging out with me, and you didn't say you didn't
Castiel pushes forward again. Kisses Dean on the lips. “You shouldn’t give me credit. You can’t. I didn’t... all I did was...”
of everyone Sam and I’ve ever known. I wanted to figure you out; to see what Sam saw. And, man, I was so full of myself. I was a good profiler and cop. But I couldn’t get a read on you. I never did. Not once. Drove me crazy.”
Castiel smiles. “Exactly. Forward everything to the usual joint address. It’s encrypted, so it’s safe. I’ll let Dean know he’s got a project waiting for him when he gets home.”
Castiel appreciates that. “Thank you for saying so. First of all, I suppose I should say that we didn’t really do anything involving BDSM. Not exactly.”
That is, until Dean leans in and presses his soft lips between the wing joint and the shoulder, tounging at the gland.
Dean gasps and convulses. It’s a dry orgasm, but it’s intense. And it lasts until Dean’s frozen lungs automatically gasp for a breath. It takes him a while before he drops back against Castiel’s chest, eyes falling shut again.
Lucifer notices it. His smile becomes more satisfied. “I thought to myself, ‘wow, those Winchester boys sure do come from good stock and grab the better stock,’ y’know? Pretty striking, the both of you.”
Donna laughs, quick and honest. "Sometimes, sure! But it also can do a heck of a job making you think that your problems are tethered to his. Tell me if this sounds familiar: when he's doing good, you're just dandy. When he has a bad day or two, you get kinda down in the dumps, too."
Dean can feel his throat seizing. Spasming. It’ll take too long to talk. He grabs his phone and shoves it in front of Castiel’s face.
Castiel's lips thin. "I don't enjoy disrupting that for you since it's so important. Everyone needs inner peace."
Dumbly, Dean blinks at the case. Beer. Expensive craft beer. "Oh. Uh. Yeah, yeah, that's great." His mouth is already watering. "Um."
Sam clenches his hands in his lap, trapping them between his knees. "Sounds good," he says to his jeans. "Whatever works."
Castiel smiles despite himself. “We have decided to put them aside for now. We spoke about it extensively over the past few days and we realize that we have a lot of work to do. Of that, we’re under no illusion. However, we also believe that sex may be one of the biggest hurdles.”
Right now, though, he’s giving Castiel an intriguing look. His eyebrow is arched like he wants to make some snarky remark, but he’s not saying anything, which is far more compelling. And he probably doesn’t even realize it, but the open stance, shoulders slightly curved, chin tilted towards him, is quite submissive.
Castiel pads across the room until he’s a foot away, and Dean takes his hands, squeezing them reassuringly. “What we have is awesome, okay?”
“Nah, it’s like... you’ve done this for so long and part of me thought you wouldn’t give it up until it killed you. But, in reality, you’re thinking about the future, and that’s awesome.”
“We’ll see about that,” Dean quips. “Bottom line is, we’ve both been shitty to each other sometimes because of all the... tension. Or whatever.”
The summer after Sam had graduated high school, Dean had begged Dad for an entire week to be able to take the Impala on a road trip in celebration. John has finally let him with a stern warning about messing up the car. Even back then before the Impala was his, Dean would have cut off his own leg before letting anything happen to her.
Sam slinks up and slides his paper onto the top of the stack. Gabriel hasn't even peeked over at his approach, but very suddenly, he pulls out one earbud and levels Sam with a curious stare. "How'd you do?" he asks.
Dean shoves him, though there’s no force behind it. Castiel takes the hint and moves to the couch. One of the nurses had brought in a pair of pillows and a blanket, so he’s comfortable enough when he curls up that his exhaustion becomes the superior opponent. But he still keeps Dean’s gaze until his eyes won’t stay open anymore. Thankfully, he doesn’t remember his dreams.
But Sam and Gabriel pull his attention shortly. He can’t hear every word, but Gabriel must be pacing, because his voice comes and goes in a distinct ebb and flow of someone moving closer and then further from the door.
Castiel takes a sip of water from the glass provided, swallows, and takes a deep breath. Then he begins to speak.
Once again, Dean sees that he's laid an exquisite trap for himself. He glances down to Castiel's bare, muscled forearms, and for the second time, his dick decides it's needed here. He has a physical urge to say something damningly regretful about testing their strength with wrestling now that the image of naked Twister has embedded itself in his mind, when the door clangs open. He sighs with relief when Sam the Boner Killer Winchester breezes in, Gabriel stumbling in behind him and giggling incessantly.
A flash of pure, hot electricity ricochets through Dean at the speed of light. Castiel is... Castiel Novak is... what?
Castiel side-eyes Dean for the last part, but Dean merely shrugs with a wink. “Benny, can I ask another favor?”
The less famous of them surround the most famous, though it makes for a pretty laughable entourage considering Sam’s significant height compared to rest of them. They usher him down the back halls to the private elevator and down to the parking deck. The black shuttle car with tinted windows is already waiting near the exit... along with a dozen fans who sniffed it out, hoping their wait would pay dividends.
With a sigh, Dean opens the case of beer and pulls one out, popping the cap against the lip of the counter. He tries to hate the feeling uncurling in his chest, but he doesn't. He never did. It's the same feeling that brought him his family outside of Sam. How he felt when his brother first smiled at her. How it felt when Charlie hugged him for the first time like it was the best embrace in the world. How it felt when Benny had kissed him in the Impala back in school, and then admitted years later that they were always better off as friends. How it felt when they'd all moved into this neighborhood just to be closer together.
"Almost?" Dean grins, climbing up beside him and opening the picnic basket with a flourish. He brings out two bottles of beer, popping off the caps with his ring. He hands one to Castiel and they clink the necks together.
“No,” Castiel confirms. He knows why, but it isn’t his place to truly elaborate. “He’s always been strange, but more so in recent weeks.”
Since the restaurant is completely empty at this time of day, his huge burger and Coke float are up in no time. But instead of stuffing his face immediately as usual, he takes his time watching the traffic outside the window while idly swirling his fries in ketchup. He doesn't even notice someone standing beside his table.
“Sammy’s out doing research,” he replied, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. It was such a pain in the ass when you burnt the bones, knew they were the right bones, and still the damn ghost remained. His own internet searches had gotten him nowhere. “He should be back soon,” he added, voice tight. He hated being interrupted while he was eating.
“I believe I do, yes,” Castiel nodded, that was a sentiment easily understood, or at least more so than love. In a sense Castiel had a home, though not in the way humans did. For humans the home was a symbol. Home was somewhere where you felt safe, where the people you cared about were, where you wanted to be and a place that you missed when you weren’t there.
“Yeah, you’ve always been kind of different,” Dean said, watching Cas watch him, “not in a bad way or anything, you’re just one of a kind,” he clapped Cas on the shoulder and let his hand fall away when all he wanted to do was hang on.
“Jack,” Dean began, cleared his throat and rubbed his suddenly clammy hand against his thigh, and went on, “there’s  a lot of things I’ve said and done that I wish I could take back, but they’re out there now and I’ve gotta own up to it.” He knew he was talking around the issue, skirting what he really wanted to say, and he hoped Jack knew well enough that this sort of thing was difficult for him. “What I mean is, is you, you
“I’m not going to repeat myself, but I will say, if you’re no good then I’m not either,” Castiel replied. They’d had this same conversation so many times before, they’d had so many of the same conversations over and over again, and Castiel was tired of it. He wanted to move on.
“We can’t lie, it’ll come out eventually, and anyway, we don’t know anything more than that he has amnesia,” Sam said, turning slightly to sign for Eileen, making sure that she was still part of the conversation.
Cas reached out a hand toward him, fingers curled around his jaw, and all the aches and throbbing pain was swept away. When Cas pulled back, Dean pressed his own hand to his face. The blood was gone too. He sighed and slumped down, half sprawled across the mattress, and with the pain gone only exhaustion remained.
“A witch?” Dean exclaimed, sneering as he looked down at the shotgun in his hands and wondered whether it would work on the ghost of a witch. “So we’re dealing with witch ghosts now?”
Castiel had come to an understanding within himself. If he had realised this sensation, or more accurately acknowledged it, any time earlier he might have folded that feeling up inside himself and ignored it for the rest of his existence. But a whole lot had changed in a very short time, as was usual for the Winchesters.
Castiel approached Dean then. The floorboards groaned beneath him, Dean stayed stuck to the spot with his head still ducked, and he didn’t even look up at Castiel when he stopped with less than a foot between them. Some time, many years ago, Dean would have griped about personal space.
“Yes that, and so much else, stuff no one should ever expect someone else to do for them,” Dean muttered, and Castiel knew that it was the least of it, could practically see the undefined mountains of their past behind the statement and all the issues interwoven between.
“Yeah, you’re right,” Sam murmured, smiling softly, “but I dunno, you just seem kinda...different?” he hedged, brows raised slightly.
“Sure, I know where you are, but I don’t know when you’re coming back or if you’re coming back,” Dean said, struggling not to let his hand fly out between them and instead flexed his fingers around the steering wheel.
“Shoot,” Dean said around a mouthful of pie, Castiel furrowed his brow and tilted his head slightly. “Ask your question Cas,” Dean added with a good natured sigh, he shook his head lightly and smiled.
“I believe, with Lisa, that was my fault,” Castiel said, eyes back on Dean, remembering what Dean had him do in that hospital years ago.
He could feel sweat sliding down the back of neck. Dim slats of light came through the spaces between the floorboards, he could hear Sam and Cas moving around above him, and it felt good to know someone was there to have his back. A scuffle broke out overhead. Dean did his best to ignore it and continued on toward the dark far corner.
Dean sighed, set his phone aside and started up the engine. Baby’s tires squealed as he pulled out of the parking lot and back onto the empty highway. He felt guilty about leaving everything up to Sam. Eileen barely knew Cas and Jack was just as likely to say something inexplicable as he was something helpful. But Dean hadn’t been able to make the words come out. He could hardly speak with those cerulean eyes pinning him to the spot, with that bird-like angelic curiosity, showing him that it was still Cas but it wasn’t
“Oh, uh, sort of I guess,” Dean fumbled. In hindsight, he probably had overreacted, but Cas had done so many stupid things for all the right reasons and Dean just wished that Cas would think of himself for once. Though, the same could have been said of him, and Dean knew that.
“No, no, not right now, Jimmy’s been gone a long while,” Dean said quick, “his soul’s been in heaven for something like ten years now,” he added, squinting as he counted back the years.
“I’ve been dead three times,” Jack said and signed, like he was proud, and the sound of it twisted Dean’s gut into knots. Though, hopefully, he might have just been hungry. Eileen chuckled and hugged the kid.
Cas rose from the bed, approached Sam, and touched his shoulder. Sam sighed with relief and all but collapsed onto his bed.
The diner sat by the roadside. Blistering late May sunlight bleached its mint finish and bounced off of the chrome accents, it almost reminded Dean of a vintage Cadillac. They all climbed out of the car. Stretching and groaning in the mid-spring heat, Dean’s joints popped and clicked, and he sighed at the small flood of relief. He really wasn’t getting any younger.
After that, he supposed that home was the Impala, his baby. That home felt something like the tacky smell of leather, the feel of the steering wheel beneath his hands, the sound of the road passing underneath her tires, the cassette deck playing his old favourites as they tore across the country. It wasn’t much but it was his. Really it was all he had, Dean’s entire life could fit inside that car, and that thought left him cold.
Castiel remembered Dean wearing a similar expression when he had asked him not to change and a sensation of warmth grew inside him at the memory.
Right then, home was wherever his brother was. Though he knew that couldn’t and wouldn’t last. Sam wasn’t meant to hunt forever, Sam was supposed to finish college, Sam was supposed to be a lawyer, Sam was supposed to get the suburban life with the white picket fence and a loving wife, a couple of kids and a dog. His little brother was better than all this, deserved better than a constant carousel of similar looking motel rooms, road food and the constant threat of death breathing down his neck. But as it was, Sam was the only home that Dean had to cling onto.
“I’m no good Cas, you know that,” Dean murmured. His body was slowly curling inward, as though he were trying to escape what had already been said.
“So, what is it that you’re researching?” Sam asked, head tilted slightly toward Castiel, and took a sip of his coffee.
“So, I should just stop trying and let happenstance bring things back?” Castiel asked, tilting his head. Sometimes the way Sam explained things irritated Castiel, he always seemed to make his points in two parts or simply forgot that Castiel didn’t know everything and couldn’t read his mind.
“Okay Dean,” Cas said, and continued to stand at the edge of the bed. He still looked a little perturbed. It reminded Dean of the first day at school, when all the kids didn’t really know what to do and looked lost without their parents, and when he looked like that it was hard to remember that Cas was as old as dirt and could smite Dean in a matter of seconds.
“99.9% of the world’s population don’t have the same profession as you, they’re far less likely to be in the same kind of danger you are as often as you are,” Cas said, matter-of-factly, and well it really was a fact.
“It’s seems that she has tied her soul to this location,” Cas explained from across the room, eyes still on the text carved into the walls, “though I could attempt to smite her, she may still return.”
“Thanks Cas,” Sam said, his voice broke whatever spell had fallen over Cas and Dean, his small smile genuine shone at the angel.
“Anyway,” Sam drew out, he flicked his eyes to Eileen, who had apparently lost interest or was simply giving them room to explain things to Cas and had pulled out her phone. “Cas saved our lives by killing Billie when she was a reaper, it was risky and kinda reckless, but it’s not like we haven’t done risky and reckless stuff countless times before or after that,” he went on, staring pointedly at Dean through the rearview mirror.
“Well, sometimes the overcoat changed and you’d get a new tie, but mostly yeah,” Dean said, head tilted toward the ceiling, “you used to wear a black suit, white shirt, blue tie, sometimes with stripes but mostly not, and a tan trench coat, like Columbo,” he reeled off.
“Yeah,” Dean swallowed hard before continuing, “he was probably disorientated and confused or something. They said he got hit by a car.” He suddenly remembered that his phone was still in his hand and set his mind to sliding it back into his pocket, better that than to think about Cas, dazed and confused, being hit by car. “Why didn’t you say anything about Cas?” he rounded on Jack.
A sound, like bubbles floating in the air and bursting in front of his face, started up beside him. Dean looked over to find Cas laughing. He was shaking his head, gums showing. With that smile that took up his whole face and Dean was so weak to it. He was smiling himself before he was even in on the joke.
Things were difficult, but that wasn’t exactly new for Dean. His whole damn life could be described as difficult. He just hoped that things would get easier for Cas, but he knew that they’d get harder before they got better. There was still so much ground to cover: the first apocalypse, Jimmy Novak, rebelling from heaven, the war for heaven, betraying them and becoming God, the leviathan, when he’d kinda lost it and became a pacifist, purgatory, everything with Naomi that even Dean didn’t know the whole of, Metatron, becoming human and all the trails that put him through, Dean kicking him out when he needed him most, choosing Dean over his army of brothers and sisters, the whole mark of Cain deal and turning Dean human again, how he’d tried to stop Dean and the blood they’d spilled in the library, whatever it was Rowena had done to him, allowing Lucifer to possess him, losing Kelly and dying by being stabbed in the back, all the mess with Jack, selling his life and his happiness to the empty, Jack becoming soulless, Jack killing Mary, Chuck taking Jack from them, Belphegor, and all the shit Dean had said because he was too damn angry to think straight, and everything Chuck had put him through and finally allowing himself to feel true happiness only to sacrifice himself one last time at the altar of Winchester. And there were a billion little trespasses between all that, but Dean tried not to think too hard about it, lest he fall apart.
“I told you I brought everyone back,” Jack said, expression twisted with confusion and frustration, “everyone I could anyway.”
They continued on with their breakfast, Sam and Dean discussed which routes to take, Jack seemed lost in trying to get what was left of the cream and the cherry from his tall milkshake glass with a fork and Eileen was nose deep in her phone, which left Castiel to his own devices. He wondered if he should contact Claire on his own and instantly scrapped the idea. Where would he begin? How would he gauge her response and handle the situation with the kind of tact that their relationship required, it seemed like a doomed endeavour from the start. He could contact Jody. Though when?  They had only stopped to eat or sleep, and Castiel was finding himself increasingly tired and hungry. The journey was clearly wearing on his injured body.
“I, Cas,” Dean sighed, blowing air through his nose, “it’s I dunno, besides Sammy, you’re the closest I’ve ever been with anyone and I’m sure that in some ways you know me better than I do, or my brother does, and before you open your mouth, I know that’s not what you meant, but I dunno, between everyone dying all the time and the constant world ending apocalypses, there hasn’t been time to find out what this is,” he rambled, trying to get all of his jumbled thoughts out, and finally gestured between them.
He wished he’d brought the six pack with him, at least then he’d have something to do with his hands and his mouth, and it might have made it easier to talk if he had a few beers in him. Though, maybe words weren’t enough.
“What are we going to tell him?” Dean asked. He frowned down at his pancakes, watching as the syrup slid down them and onto the plate.
“My memory foam is waiting for me,” Dean said with reverence and looked wistfully out toward the long stretch of road before them.
Castiel didn’t want to ask him to come back. He didn’t want to admit how safe Dean made him feel, didn’t want to admit how the other man’s absence brought anxiety rising up like bile in his throat, and he didn’t want to say that he couldn’t go back to sleep without Dean there.
The smile didn’t leave his face. He listened as Sam explained the whole thing to Jack, watched as the kid nodded, brows rising up his forehead as his expression shifted into recognition, smile plastered to his face. Cas was watching him too, that fond look on his face, and Dean wished he could just give Cas all his memories back. That way Cas would know just how special this moment was. Their family was back together, for the most part, and Cas didn’t even know how lucky he was. Blissfully ignorant of everything they’d lost and everything he had sacrificed just to get there.
“So what, you can’t handle them all looking to you for answers?” Dean asked, mostly to fill the silence growing between them and to stop the squirming in his gut at the way Cas was looking at him.
“You know I do not require a car to travel,” Cas said, voice flat, and it almost seemed as though he was trying to piss Dean off.
One thing about all the correspondence that perplexed him though was how consistently he was referred to as ‘
“Oh, well, you were off doing something stupid and risky I think,” Sam began, smile turned sharp and teasing as he looked over at Dean, “we were trying to find Gadreel, and Cas found this spell that uses an angel’s grace to track them, by extracting what was left over from someone they’d possessed,” he explained, and Dean instantly remembered just exactly what stupid risky thing he’d been doing, and his stomach began to twist into knots. “Anyway, Cas said that the Men of Letters had never tested it, so I said that they didn’t have a guinea pig but we did,” Sam went on, looking back at Cas.
“Thank you Jack,” Castiel murmured. He took the items with some effort and struggled with them as Jack stood there. With the bottle of water held between his thighs, Castiel slowly worked the pill bottle open, and once he got the lid off he squinted up at Jack. “How old are you?”
Two days ago, Sam and Eileen had left for a job (‘cause even if heaven and hell were closed for that sort of business there were still plenty of Earthly delights to go around), only a few hours away. Eileen had worn her fed suit out and something about it shot straight through Cas. The sight of her had reminded him of Hannah, and Cas had spent the rest of the day holed up in his room, Dean knew better than anyone the kind of guilt that would eat through you.
How could he compare to heaven? Dean almost laughed at himself. He barely compared to other guys, he definitely couldn’t compare to a decent guy, and there was no way that anyone would choose him over heaven.
“Again?” Dean bit out. He pulled himself upright and came to sit at the end of the bed, next to Cas.
In the grand scheme of things, Dean was nothing but a blip in the vast expanse of Cas’ life, the angel had been alive for nearly all of time. And despite how much Dean told everyone he was proud of it, he felt guilty about tempting an angel to fall from grace, and teaching him about free will. It would probably do Cas some good to forget about them.
“Hmm,” Castiel considered the statement, though he would have to think on it longer and likely in solitude.
Sometimes it was hard to remember that Jack was just a kid. He looked like a young guy in his twenties, and not the three year old he really was, and Dean had to remind himself to actually act like the adult in the situation.
“Yes, heaven also seems needlessly convoluted,” Cas said, and scratched at his stubble, Dean wondered if it was beginning to irritate him. Maybe he could help Cas shave at their next motel.
It seemed to be some sort of medical drama, low on the medical science and high on the drama. Melodramatic and poorly acted. The show was quite frankly awful, but there was something about it that felt oddly familiar. He frowned, watching the screen as a doctor wearing cowboy boots approached another doctor with platinum blonde hair, and then the doctor with the cowboy boots pulled a sheet of paper out of his pocket and opened his mouth.
“Hey Cas,” Dean called, pulling Cas out of one of his now frequent moping sessions. He’d been scrolling through the pictures on his phone and sipping at his black coffee. Sam had told him that he should probably stick to water for now, but Dean figured that what Sam didn’t know wouldn’t hurt him and if Cas got a migraine or whatever then it’d be his own damn fault.
“You got something you want to say?” Dean asked, brow arched as he looked over at Castiel, and turned the music back down. Castiel noticed that he had been staring at Dean the whole time.
“Then what are we doing, waiting for the bus? Let’s go already,” Eileen said and started to push them toward the car, Dean stumbled as Jack fell against his side, she was surprisingly strong.
“I think the painkillers are wearing off,” Castiel muttered, brow furrowed as he tried to will the pain away, though it didn’t seem to be doing much help.
“Because he’s an asshole,” Dean returned, sneering as he looked up into Cas’ bewildered face, “just trust me on that one. You’ll remember soon enough and you’ll be agreeing with me.”
When he got back to his room, towel wrapped around his hips and his dirty clothes and sling held close to his chest (so as not to aggravate his collarbone), Castiel found a fresh pile of clothes and his assorted things laid out on the bed before him.
In the darkness Dean could barely make out charred and seared pink flesh that stood out through tattered clothes. Dead bony fingers gripped Sam and held him against the wall, and he grappled uselessly with his attacker. The ghost witch, witch ghost, whatever, was seemingly crushing his brother’s windpipe if his wheezing was anything to go by. Dean jumped over the couch and shot a buck full of rock salt into the ghost. It was gone, but the spectre would soon return.
“Listen to me,” Dean cut him off, speaking fast, otherwise he might lose his nerve, “yeah, not having mom around hurts, it hurts like an open wound, and I don’t know if I’m ever completely gonna forgive you for what you did,” just saying it rocked him to his core and he had to take a moment to get his breathing under control. “But we’ve all done stuff to each other that isn’t forgivable. When Cas and me were in purgatory, the first time,” he huffed at the needed clarification, “Sam didn’t do a damn thing to find us, he just coasted and we got out on our own. Then there’s the time Cas tried to be God and nearly brought about the end of the world.”
He fell asleep in the backseat of the Impala, Led Zeppelin coming low from the stereo, Cas in the front seat trying to hum along. And when he woke up, the angel was still there.
“I was thinking we could find somewhere to stop for a while, get a couple of motel rooms and have a real meal, instead of getting to South Bend completely burnt out,” Sam said, sounding like a responsible adult.
“I could never forget about you Dean,” Cas said gravely, as though it were the furthest thing from possible, as though the very thought was painful to think.
He wanted to put his fist through the window, he wanted to scream, he wanted to bleed, he wanted to drown himself in whiskey. It was too much. Dean had thought that he could handle it. He had seen Cas all beat up so many times before, but it had never been like this.
As far as Dean was concerned, Cas had been moping ever since they’d gotten back to the bunker, and really he didn’t blame the guy. Even if he couldn’t quite remember it, Cas had been an angel, and sitting around doing a whole lot of nothing had never really been his speed. The frustration was understandable.
Leaves fell like fire across the hood of the Impala. Thumbs tapping against the steering wheel, Dean watched the road markings flick on by as he hummed along to My Sharona, and tried desperately not to count backward to the last time he’d seen Cas to add up the distance between them. At least Sam was asleep in the passenger seat. If his brother was awake, then he’d be asking Dean what he was thinking so hard about, and there was no way that Dean was going to tell him the truth.
“I’m sorry Dean,” Cas said, shoulders slumping, “I shouldn’t be taking my frustration out on you,” he added, expression apologetic as it slid back to Dean.
“Cas, you run off to do stupid shit all the time,” Dean said with a sigh, shoulders shagging as he turned back to Castiel.
Of course Cas was still Cas, he couldn’t be anyone else, but that wasn’t the problem. The problem was the sudden distance between them and the incomprehension in those painfully familiar eyes.
The apocalypse was adverted, things were supposed to go back to normal, or at least the kind of normal that Dean could handle. Instead he was being strangled by a ghost witch and he was pretty sure that she was trying to curse him if all that muttering was anything to go by.
“Okay then, what did I say?” Dean challenged, fingers tight around the wheel, though he regretted it the moment he said it. If Cas had heard him thinking then he didn’t want his thoughts thrown back at him.
Then he was across the room, being held against the wall by some invisible force as the ghost approached, coat hooks dug into his back. His eyes shifted over to Sam, who was scuffling around, and taking his sweet ass time pulling his gun out. Thankfully, the witch ghost was also taking her sweet ass time getting to him.
“I think I’m gonna check up on some people, and check to see if anything’s going on,” Sam said, already angling to leave the room.
The reality of those words had barely sunk in. Dean couldn’t think about it, not now, not when the world might still be ending. If he let it wash over him then he was damn sure that he’d drown and then what use would he be?
“What’s up Cas?” Dean said. There was a slice of apple pie and a bottle of beer set out on the table before him. He watched Castiel and took a sip of his beer.
“Huh,” Sam breathed and looked back out the window contemplatively. “Well, I don’t know how much help I’ve been, but I hope you figure it out,” he added, his eyes returned to Castiel, his smile was small but genuine.
Lying there covered head to toe in scrapes, scratches and bruises, his arm in a sling and head wrapped in bandages. The worst of it was how Cas had looked at him, he’d stared at Dean with that the bird-like tilt of his head and the same open curiosity he’d worn when they’d met in that barn all those years ago.
“Would you mind taking Jack and grabbing a booth,” Sam signed as he spoke to Eileen, “I just wanna talk to Dean for a second.” It seemed kinda difficult to speak and sign at the same time, and though Dean had picked up some of the language, he knew he could do better to accommodate her. It was another thing else on his long list of self-improvements.
“I’m trying to protect you, and everyone else,” Castiel said, his patience was wearing thin and it had the quality of a paper bag, and he wouldn’t take this kind of hypocrisy.
“That’s a frustratingly long time,” Castiel murmured, he had a long road ahead of him, both figuratively and literally. He tried not to groan at the thought.
“You’ll probably be able to do this just fine by yourself next week,” Dean said, pushing Cas’ face around, making sure that he hadn’t missed a spot, before he grabbed the damp cloth and handed it to Cas. “No more worrying that you’re gonna end up Sweeny Todd-ing yourself,” he added, smirking to himself as he relished in Cas’ lack of understanding.
With a sigh, Dean clambered into the crawl space. Gun in one hand and flashlight in the other, he swept the barren area, there wasn’t much there besides a mound of something in the far corner. And of course it had to be in the far corner. Dean sighed again and moved further into the tight space. He wasn’t necessarily claustrophobic, but he didn’t exactly enjoy being shut in somewhere with only one way out and a ghost who also happened to be a powerful witch hanging around waiting to snap his neck.
Headlights moved across the room, peaked through the gap between the curtains, Dean watched them crawl across the ceiling as he lied on his back on the motel’s coarse sheets. Sam and Eileen had taken Jack, leaving Dean with Cas and the never ending questions in those oceanic eyes that he didn’t seem willing to ask.
Sam nodded, he knew better than to push further and dean was thankful for that, and followed him into the diner. There wasn’t much more to say that wouldn’t leave Dean feeling eviscerated. No, he wasn’t okay, not even close, but he was going to do his best to keep it together. He could fall apart when he was alone with a bottle of whiskey. Instead he’d settle for a plateful of pancakes and a whole lot of coffee.
They stared at each other for a long moment. It was the same as always, but it was also very different. Cas’ eyes were bright and dazzling in the unyielding sunlight. He could have dived right in. It was almost easy to forget that he hadn’t seen Cas in months, hadn’t heard a damn word from him in three months, one week and four days, not that Dean had been counting. And it wasn’t like he had a right to feel sore about it.
“Still the same despite getting your memories knocked out of your head, huh?” Claire asked, stopping a short distance in front of him. Her eyes, rimmed with dark smeared make-up, squinted up at him against the afternoon sun.
Dean watched him, eyes daring, and it was apparent that Dean knew Castiel hadn’t said all he’d meant to say. Obviously, he wasn’t going to mention it. Castiel knew that Dean preferred to let things lie.
Through all this frustration, Castiel hadn’t given much thought to the fact that his body was now forever changed. That maybe the tremors that came about with fatigue might be permanent. The thought was not pleasant, though he supposed that many people had to learn to live with worse and he should probably count himself lucky that he’d gotten away with that much.
But he couldn’t stop thinking about Cas. It had been a while since he’d ‘checked in’ and that probably meant that Cas had his hands full, dealing with whatever nonsense those asshole angels were laying on him, but Dean couldn’t help but wonder if he’d forgotten about them.
“Then how am I supposed to remember things?” Castiel asked, eyes narrowed, why did the simple act of remembering things that were already in his head have to be so difficult.
“What? For gas and to pick up Eileen?” Sam said, and Dean didn’t have to look in the rearview to know that Sam had that pinched look of concern plastered to his face.
“I did not pray,” Dean said. He definitely hadn’t, he was sure; at least he thought he hadn’t. Of course he’d been thinking about Cas, but it was not a prayer.
“What happened?” Dean asked. He was sick of asking. And though he could have guessed some things, mostly there was no way that Jack would be there and in one piece if Chuck still had any power over them, but he needed to hear it.
“Oh, so you’ve finally become self aware?” Sam asked, brows arched sharply as he stood with his hands on his hips.
“Cas, it doesn’t matter now,” Dean said, hoping that he sounded reassuring, “we’re all okay, everything’s okay now.” He put his hand on Cas’ shoulder, grip tight. And he wished he could have pulled Cas in for hug, but he was wary of Cas’ injuries and didn’t want to do any damage when he was trying to help. “Everything’s okay.”
He rummaged through the dresser by the bed. Besides the wallet, he’d had a few other personal affects with him, it wasn’t much and they didn’t give him any more insight into who he was. Among the things was what was definitely a fake ID, a few receipts from various diners, car keys, a chocolate bar he’d eaten and not enjoyed, a couple of sachets of sugar and a cassette tape. That last one was what he kept going back to.
“What does this have to do with Claire?” Cas asked, and wasn’t that just the million dollar question.
He would have asked Sam what about their behaviour bridged that gap, but he wanted to experience these things for himself, it was a destination he had to get to on his own.
It was a quiet afternoon. It was the kind of day where there were no clouds and the sky seemed to go on for forever, the sunlight reflected off of his baby like she was posed for a magazine shoot and he had the hood up, tinkering away with a six pack sitting at his feet. On a day like this, the sweat clinging to his skin didn’t feel so bad. Tuning up his baby was the most relaxed Dean ever got. At this point, he was pretty sure that he could change her oil with his eyes closed, smirked to himself and thought that he might.
“I haven’t been to heaven for some time,” Castiel replied, though he understood what Dean meant, he didn’t want to explain what had him so distracted.
“Several times actually,” Dean said, trying to lighten the mood, so many things had tried to kill him and Billie hadn’t even tried particularly hard. But then again, he knew exactly what Cas was talking about and he could only imagine what feelings that memory had brought up. He wasn’t ready to talk about that now, but really, when would he ever be?
Dean perched on the hood, heels digging into the dirt beneath him. Cas copied him, hands braced against the hood of the car, he looked out across the town that sprawled out from the bottom of the hill. The red and orange hue of light brought warmth and colour to Cas’ skin. Dean wanted to slide closer. Really, he wanted to unglue his tongue from the roof of his mouth and say all the things he’d wanted to say to Cas since they’d stopped the world from ending.
She said she’d be coming down to stay over the next weekend. Dean was both looking forward to it and dreading it. For one he didn’t know how Cas would handle seeing here, they’d hadn’t had the talk about vessels and all that mess yet. Dean knew he’d have to get that out of the way before Claire got there. And then he was vaguely worried about how she was going to react to Jack. Jody had mentioned how close Claire and Kaia were, and Dean was so damn glad they’d been able to get Kaia back because those kids deserved that kind of win for everything life had thrown at them. He just hoped that she didn’t blame Jack, or at least didn’t carry the kind of grudge Dean had been doing his best to shake off.
Castiel looked over at Dean, much as he had in his memory, and watched as the lights caressed his face in a way that made Castiel think of paintings he didn’t know he remembered.
Instead of saying anything, Dean finished what he was doing, closed baby’s hood and finished off his beer. Castiel was watching him, same as usual and not so much at the same time. That inhuman intrigue was clear in the tension around his eyes and the bare openness of his mouth. Dean tipped his head toward the car.
“Yeah, well,” Sam muttered, shrugging something noncommittal. “What did you wanna talk about anyway, and why couldn’t we do it at the bunker?”
Wincing as he pushed himself off the bed, he ignored the pain, and reach over to flick on the lamp. Warm pale light ghosted over the room. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary, the other bed was rumpled and Dean’s duffle bag still sat where it’d been left on a chair in the far corner, but the sight didn’t make Cas feel any better.
“Just shut up and look,” Dean bit out, jaw tight as he scanned his eyes over the cabin. The place only had four rooms and one of those rooms was completely burnt black. Relatively, it was a pretty small haystack.
“Doesn’t matter,” Dean said, “you can wait ‘til tomorrow to start going all Chrissy Teigen,” he added dismissively and Sam’s expression became a flat slab of concrete as he glared back at Dean.
“Yeah, sure you are Field of Dreams,” Dean muttered, huffing out a laugh, shaking his head as he looked away.
Without asking, he was able to find the bathroom, and on sense alone he knew which rooms belonged to whom. And once he’d dropped his stuff off, he was easily able to find everyone noisily busying themselves in the kitchen.
“Oh yeah, Cas called him ‘assbutt’,” Dean said, air quotes and all, taking Sam’s cue. The memory, though part of one of the more dire situations in his and Sam’s lives, still made him smile.
“Amnesia?” Jack asked, head tilted in that way that made Dean’s chest ache, like father like adopted son Dean supposed.
The tape raised a lot of questions. For one, he wasn’t sure what exactly the nature of their relationship was for Dean to have given him a mixtape, and he knew enough to know that cassettes were vastly outdated and difficult to make mixtapes with, that was a lot of effort to go to for someone.
“That doesn’t mean shit,” Dean returned, “lot of single moms around and spinsters aren’t always spinsters, sometimes they’re just gay and no one wants to admit it,” he went on, the floorboards beneath him creaked as he shifted his weight.
In his waking hours, he tried to jog his memory. He went through all the rooms he could without intruding, ran his fingers over the spines of heavy tomes, stood and sat every which way he could think of to try and spark something, but nothing had worked yet. The most he got were the complicated feelings that came to him in the main rooms, a bubbling contented warmth that threatened to overwhelm him in the kitchen, and an incredible sense of unease that overtook him in one of the archive rooms. His bedroom, strangely, gave him nothing.
But if there had been time, would he really have ever done anything about it? Would he have gotten up the nerve to do anything about the thing that everyone knew was between them? Would he have been able to get the words out? If Dean was being honest with himself, then probably not, and definitely not before Cas did.
Though he wasn’t entirely sure why, Castiel felt singed by the book and dropped it back down onto the table, he supposed that the boy must have felt something similar. Almost everything Castiel had ever felt or done on his own felt like a crime.
“Don’t what?” Castiel asked, brow pinched in confusion, and tilted his head as he brought his eyes up to meet Dean’s.
“We’ve known each other for quite some time,” Castiel said, less asking and more seeking out clarification, as he searched for a way to say what he meant.
“But yours are?” Castiel asked, his frown deepening. He wondered when was the last time Dean had even so much as tried to be romantically involved with someone. As far as Castiel was aware, Lisa had been the last. That was more than five years ago, Castiel’s jaw tightened, he stared at the peeling finish of the table top.
“Excuse me?” Cas returned, one brow cocked at Sam. Dean was having a hard time focusing on the road, he was pretty sure that Cas was giving Sam flashbacks to when they’d first met and Cas had shattered all of Sam’s fluffy and righteous notions of angels and heaven, he chuckled softly to himself at the memory.
“Well, I haven’t been human or on Earth for very long, I doubt I am used to colloquialisms,” Cas said, as though he had to explain himself, fingers toying with the near empty packet of jerky.
“Oh, hey Cas,” Sam wheezed, hair still wet with a towel around his neck, as he staggered into the room. One of his eyes had all but closed and was approaching complete blackness. A bruise shaped like a handprint curled around his throat, and a litany of cuts and bruises ran up and down his arms, his lip was split and there was a gash above his eyebrow. He looked awful and that was putting it lightly. They were lucky they didn’t have to take a trip to the hospital.
“Is that a promise?” Dean asked, head tipped down with his brows raised, he stared into Cas’ eyes as though he were challenging him to back down.
“That’s when I decided to make you the mixtape,” Dean said, and his voice was strange and thin, he coughed. “I can see the motel now, I’ll be there in a sec,” he added.
“Friends who became family,” Cas said, and the softness of his tone left Dean feeling all tingly and strange.
“Alright then, find us somewhere to stop,” Dean conceded, slapping his hand softly against the wheel, he flicked his eyes to the rearview and found Sam already scrolling through his phone. Dean would have rolled his eyes but the way Sam and Eileen were leaning into each other as they both stared at the phone screen sent warmth stretching out from his chest and even he wasn’t that cynical.
He shrugged and turned his attention to the other people in the room. There was the tall man. He seemed even larger in real life, with his long hair curled behind his ears, and a soft open expression on his face. The young man with sandy hair followed close behind, his fringe swooped across his forehead. His smile was bright and enthusiastic. And lastly came the woman with pale skin, long dark hair and big round eyes, he’d only seen her in a few of the photos.
“I don’t know if you remember but a few weeks ago you were spilling your guts on some disgusting couch groaning and whining like you were Tim fucking Roth,” Dean shot back, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, blood shining in his hair. “You’re not indestructible either.”
Cas nodded, “the first thing I remembered was watching television in a motel room with Dean, though I didn’t know it was him at the time,” he began, shuffling up the bed to sit a little straighter. “Looking through the photos on my cell phone, and the few memories that have come to me, it seems that we’re often on the road,” he said, looking between them, as though he were searching for approval.
In a matter of moments, two hands were fisted in the front of his trench coat, and Castiel was pulled into a crushing kiss. He supposed it might have hurt had he not been an angel. Dean was warm and alive against him, the animalistic smell of sweat, blood and something that Castiel could only describe as ‘
“Right, yeah, I’ll get you something,” Dean said, and with a groan, he rolled out of bed. He shifted through his duffle bag and pulled out a bottle of water and some painkillers. It might not do too much, but Cas was newly human and it’d at least take the edge off enough for him to sleep.
“America?” he answered, he was certain but just the fact that she had asked made him question himself.
Dean really had a knack for derailing conversations. At this point Castiel couldn’t remember what he had meant to say, and his confidence was all but completely depleted, there was no way he could steer the conversation back to Dean’s personal experiences. It was always a near painful endeavour to get Dean to talk about his feelings. This might as well have been a lost cause before it had even begun.
“I am familiar with this script,” Cas said with a nod and sat back a little, “though I will have to visit the site to translate it. Your phone screen is simply of too low a quality to make it out,” he explained.
Castiel supposed that Dean was right. The two of them breathing half truths into the stagnant air of the motel room, skirting right up to the line only to step off before they got there, it was clear that neither of them were really ready for this conversation. Dean knew too much while Castiel knew too little. The current gulf between them was too wide to cross for either of them, they would have to work together and meet in the middle, and that endeavour should only be embarked on after a full night of rest and entirely sober. Castiel nodded. He nodded but Dean wasn’t looking at him.
“I wore the same thing for more than twelve years?” Castiel asked, brow furrowed, as he stared at Dean.
“Sam has had a similar amount of luck in this area as you have,” Castiel pointed out, though Sam had nowhere near the amount of casual sex that Dean had, but Castiel didn’t believe that it was relevant to his own endeavours.
“I have something I wanted to ask you,” Castiel said. He made his way into the room and sat opposite Dean at the table.
Dean kind of hated it when Cas sided with Sam, even if his little brother was right. It was a stupid juvenile feeling that he kept to himself. Cas wasn’t his personal angel.
Thankfully Sam chose that moment to burst through the door in a huff. Dean was grateful for the interruption. He didn’t need any more opportunities to put his foot in his mouth.
“Hello Dean,” Cas said, gruff tones and all, Dean hadn’t heard the telltale flutter over the hum of his various injuries.
“Yes,” the nurse murmured as she looked up from the chart and stared at him with what was obviously growing concern. “You’re name is James Novak, we found your identification in your wallet,” she went on, rounding the bed in a few short strides, and dug through the drawer beside the bed and pulled out a wallet. Carefully, she handed it to him.
Castiel wasn’t sure when it had happened, when he had turned away from heaven and looked to Dean instead. But it had happened all the same. He wondered if his siblings had been right, that he had been ‘corrupted’ from the very first touch, and had been falling ever since (both metaphorically and biblically).
“Nope,” Dean returned, clapping his hands together. “You got anything you wanna talk about? Ask about?” he asked, tempting fate because wasn’t that what he always did, so why should he stop now?
“Some, nothing major though, thanks to you,” Dean said as he finally pulled the pad and gauze free from the kit, he turned to Cas with both in hand.
Eileen punched his arm, smile taking up her pale oval face, and stepped into Dean’s embrace. Dean squeezed her tight for a few long seconds before letting her go.
At that time, all Dean had was Sam and Castiel to aid and support him through whatever calamity may arise, their mother’s presence was fickle and tended to cause more strain than comfort. It wasn’t enough. Castiel himself had disappeared, willingly or otherwise, from Dean’s life several times. By now Castiel had been on the receiving end of Dean’s sudden disappearance too. And there had been something strange and painful in Dean’s absence and Castiel’s inability to locate him, and it had felt as though he were missing a limb, he’d missed Dean like he had missed his grace, lost somewhere not too distant but completely out of reach.
“I appreciate that Dean,” Cas said, voice seeped in gratitude, he leaned forward and closed his hand around Dean’s shoulder.
“It went just like we planned,” Jack said, and that innocent toothy childlike smile broke wide across his face, the sight of it made an odd sense of pride rise in Dean’s chest. “I absorbed his power, and now he’s just like everyone else.”
“Who’s Claire?” Castiel asked, growing frustrated with being left out of the conversation, especially when it was about him. “I’m aware of her from messages on my phone, but that doesn’t explain our relation to each other,” he went on, poking at his breakfast, and pushed a sausage around his plate.
In the next second he was sat on a lumpy bed, scratchy sheets beneath him and his hands in his lap, the only light in the room came from the television sat in the corner. He was in a motel room. Sat against the headboard, watching the awful medical drama, as someone beside him enthusiastically explained what was going on. It was a man. The man was slightly younger than himself, skin three shades lighter than his own, his jaw was lightly stubbled, and he had mousy brown, close to blonde, hair and a 9,000 WAT smile. Jimmy, which still didn’t fit even in his memory, was wearing a suit and tie along with a trench coat, while the other man wore a flannel shirt over a t-shirt and jeans. The strangest thing was how happy he was given the mundanity of the memory.
“This was a witch’s home,” Cas said, his eyes flitted about the charred mess of the wall as Sam ran the flash light over it.
Castiel was an angel, he could handle himself, and there was no need to worry about him. He wasn’t worried anyway. Dean had seen Cas carve a sigil into his own chest just to clear a room full of angels, including himself. Cas had thrown a Molotov at Lucifer, Satan himself, while yelling the words ‘hey assbutt!’ Heck, Cas had gone deep down into the pits of hell just to pull Dean’s sorry soul back to Earth. There was nothing for Dean to worry about.
“Wait?” Sam said, brows furrowed and the wrinkle in his forehead became quite pronounced. “Wouldn’t being in love cause you to fall?”
“So, I presume that I’m forty-four either?” Castiel said, picking at the hem of his shirt, he struggled to process the possibility that he was either an angel or the people that were supposedly closest to him were pulling a particularly cruel prank on him.
As he came back from that memory, Castiel was glad to know that he’d at least been able to help her down the path toward something better, to rebuild a life he knew he had a part in tearing apart. Claire stepped away and wiped her cheeks with the back of her hand. Her leather jacket crinkled at the elbow, the sunlight bounced off the zipper on the cuff.
“That,” Jack said, voice thick with emotion and Dean didn’t dare look at him, “that must have been hard to say.” The wet sniffle that followed his words made Dean’s heart pang. “But I’ve caused so much harm.”
“Sammy,” Dean gritted out, voice low and dangerous, as though the word alone was threat enough. Castiel doubted that there was any real heat behind it.
Jimmy, which didn’t feel right either, wondered about this Dean. Taina, the nurse, had said that Dean was family but he hadn’t specified his specific relation to him. Was Dean a brother, a cousin, simply someone he knew well enough to be considered family? He felt like he was missing something. The more he thought about it, the more familiar Dean seemed, or at least the name did.
“No, it’s not the same,” Dean said, shaking his head, he set his elbows on the table. “Sammy’s misfortunes with love, besides that one demon, they’re mostly not his fault,” he went on, head tilted forward and his hands open slightly, as though it should be obvious.
“Yeah, yeah, you’re going to eviscerate me,” Sam muttered, waving Dean off, he was soon wincing, he rubbed at his likely bruised ribs, and leaned against the doorframe.
“I’m taller than It’s A Wonderful Life over there,” Dean said, he titled his head toward Cas, and swallowed his feelings as he cocked the pistol.
“I don’t know, at this point you know me better than I do, do I usually drop things?” Cas asked, squinting at Dean as he set the bottles down on the nightstand, his hands were truly shaking at that point and he folded them in his lap.
He couldn’t and wouldn’t ask because it wouldn’t be fair to Cas, and it wasn’t like he deserved this anyway, he wouldn’t make an angel fall twice. Not that he could ever tempt an angel to fall in the first place. He couldn’t take all the credit for Cas figuring out free will and dead beat dads, though the thought of it still brought a fond smile to his face.
“What do we usually do, what do we do for a living, what is typical for us?” Cas clarified, making vague gestures with his hand.
Cas’ hand was smooth and warm against the back of Dean’s. Fingers curled loosely, blunt nails lightly dragged across Dean’s palm, he shivered at the sensation. Dutifully, he kept his eyes forward and on the road through the windshield. Baby ate up the asphalt, and made a meal out of the miles keeping them from home.
Being an angel, Castiel’s experience of love was exceedingly limited. He had loved his father, God, but that feeling seemed to be a given. It was something unquestionable or at least it had been. He loved his brothers and sisters, he was certain of that, and had done so much to try to make things right but it only seemed to make things worse. Romantic love was something he had no experience or understanding of.
“We should probably try to catch some sleep,” Dean said, tiredness was creeping up on him, and he stifled a yawn as he watched Cas blink at him, “we’ve still got a long way to go before we’re back in Kansas,” he added, filling the silence, and clambered back under the sheets.
“Yeah, well, I’ve met my fair share of angels and they were about as different from each other as any family are,” Sam said, likely thinking of Gabriel. “What I’m saying is, don’t expect the answers you get to come easy or to be all that satisfying.”
“Do you mean to ask if I’ve remembered anything significant since we last spoke?” Cas asked, one brow arched as he tilted his head, eyes sharp on Dean. “Then no, I do not feel any more myself than I did last night.”
“I’m not as strong as I used to be Dean, and there are things that I cannot heal,” Castiel said, wearily. He was stalling, gathering his strength so he could heal Dean properly.
Castiel supposed that it was probably easier to see it all from the outside, but he wasn’t on the outside, he was there in the middle of everything without a clue who he was, where he’d been or where he was going. He couldn’t see things from someone else’s perspective, but he also couldn’t see it from his own either. It was like trying to see his reflection in a broken mirror through a sheer sheet. Just thinking about it gave him a headache.
“Yeah, that’s fine, right Dean?” Sam asked, as though he were looking for his older brother’s approval or permission, and Castiel hadn’t yet felt as lost as he did when he tried to decipher the idiosyncratic way the brothers spoke to each other.
He was sat on the outer side of the booth, so as not to cause any accidental damage to his already injured collarbone. Though, he was uncomfortable however he sat. Jack was explaining that he was a nephilim, the offspring of a human and an angel. Both of his biological parents were dead. And now he was fully human, just like Castiel. He supposed that whatever had happened not long before he’d been hospitalised had something to do with them both becoming human.
“Sammy seems to think that you’ve gone and got all twitterpatted over someone,” Dean said, smirking, and sipped at his beer.
The thought of having his own things was oddly tantalizing. From what he’d gleaned from his memories, he’d never really owned anything beside his angel blade, and now he held onto anything he could. Dean said that he was going to become a hoarder.
“Okay, I think I’ve got a way to describe it,” Sam said, uncertain, and cleared his throat. Castiel turned his attention back to Sam. “Do you understand what it means when someone says that something feels like home?” He asked, elbows on the table as he leaned forward slightly.
“I haven’t been anywhere else,” Castiel said, brows furrowed, it had been some time since he’d had reason to be anywhere else. And he certainly didn’t have anywhere else to be right now. He didn’t want to be anywhere else.
“Dean, I had a nightmare,” he said instead, and swallowed down just how pathetic that sounded. They would need to talk about it anyway, Castiel needed to know whether it was just a bad dream or a memory he didn’t want to remember.
“To be honest Cas, I don’t know if he knows how he feels about it,” Sam said, “but I figure that this situation will force him to sort it all out,” he added hopefully, closed mouth smile curling his lips slightly as he raised his brows.
The fluttery rustling of something that sounded both like feathers and clothes came while Dean chewed on his mouthful of double cheese burger. He barely startled when Cas sat across from him at the small table in their motel room.
“Cas,” Dean sighed again, gripped the bridge of his nose and took a moment before he could even look at Cas again, “there’s a lot you don’t remember, and before we get there you’ve got a whole lot to remember because I, I can’t stand here and tell you how you feel Cas, I’m not gonna do that,” he said, shaking his head as he folded his arms over his chest. And though he wasn’t going to say it to Cas, he couldn’t put his own feelings out there when there was a possibility that Cas wouldn’t or couldn’t return them, despite what Cas was already insinuating.
“I don’t remember anything,” he admitted. And like a snake striking its prey, the panic took full hold of him. He stared up at the nurse with pleading eyes.
He had little reason to feel safe around Dean, but he did. Whenever he needed help, his first thought was of Dean. And when he realised that, he tried to stop and sought the answers on his own, it wouldn’t do to be so reliant on others, and the Winchesters had done so much for him already. But when every source available to him proved unhelpful, that was when he turned to Dean. Not that he didn’t appreciate or want Sam’s help too. It was true, there was a bond between him and Dean, and it was profound and confusing. If Dean didn’t have answers, then he’d have comfort and the assurance that they would do their best to help him in any way they could, and it was that specifically that made Castiel feel safe.
Another lonely night, another long drive with Sam passed out in the passenger seat, leaving Dean alone with thoughts he didn’t want to think.
Dean took one arm off the wheel and held it open for Jack, and twitched his fingers to beckon him over. And in an instant Jack was plastered to his side. He squeezed Jack’s shoulder and held on for a moment before letting him go. Jack wiped his eyes as he moved back to the passenger side, Dean smiled and turned the music up a little louder, tapping his fingers against the steering wheel.
“You calling me a lost cause?” Dean asked, breathing still shallow and harsh, and arched a single brow.
“Well, kind of, but if there’s stuff you want to know then you can just ask us,” Sam said, still smiling.
“You don’t need to throw yourself blindly into every fight,” Castiel bit out, trying not to sneer as looked down at Dean.
“Yes,” Cas returned, hands toying with the ends of the trench coat, “they believe that heaven should be my priority above all else,” he continued, eyes straight forward.
Now that Cas was human, presumably with a soul and mortal and all that, he couldn’t just heal himself. He would have to deal with it like everyone else did, the tiresome, painful and frustrating way. And it didn’t help that Cas didn’t remember a damn thing. What a way to welcome him back to humanity.
There was blood in his hair, around his ears and on his teeth. He was coated from head to toe. He wanted to call first shower, but Sam was far worse off than him, and Dean was nothing if not a good big brother and so he let Sam go first.
“Getting Cas some clothes,” Dean returned, matching Sam’s tone. He unlocked the car, climbed in and set the bag on the passenger seat.
He’d known that this was going to be hard, but there was a whole universe between knowing something and experiencing it, and that experience had just knocked him on his ass. It was about time he picked himself up and got ready for round two because they still had miles and miles to go before they got home. And though it hurt like hell just to look at Cas, he was going to have to put all of that aside, so he could help and support him.
Wrecked and bloody, skin torn to show bone beneath muscle, Dean was on his knees at Castiel’s feet. The battle was over, but only just. Their laboured breaths filled the room. Chests rose and fell, adrenaline dying in at least Dean’s veins, Castiel could hear his heart stuttering. The scent of sulphur and the coppery tang of blood hung in the air.
He made the mistake of meeting Dean’s eyes in the rear view mirror, and the man asked for his opinion.
“Hey don’t start getting down on free will again,” Dean bit back, pointing at Cas with his burger still in hand, slices of onions slipped out from the confines and scattered on the tabletop. “You’re still here because of free will, it’s a god given gift and allows me to choose to eat this heart attack wrapped in bread,” he added and took a bite out of the burger for emphasis.
Dean looked up and saw a swath of sandy hair splayed out against the dirt. That was all he needed to see before he was scrambling out of the car himself, almost eating dirt when he caught his foot between the seat and the floor, and all the while both he and Sam were calling for Jack. The boy groaned as he rose onto his hands and knees. That pristine white jacket was scuffed and smeared with dirt, his face was a little scratched up, and his hair was mussed and fell messily over his face.
“Amnesia?” Dean barked, his brows leaped up his forehead as he watched the traffic whizz by, the world really was alive again and Dean had no idea how to deal with it.
Dean slumped against the side of the car. His heart was still jack hammering in his chest. He rubbed at his throat, certain that bruises would appear soon. A lot of bruises would appear soon. Yet again, Cas had saved his ass. He looked over at the angel, Cas was stood beside him a little too still to wholly pass as human, and looking entirely out of place and yet comfortable at the same time. Cas met Dean’s gaze like always. Bright perfect sky blues burrowed into Dean, and he wondered if Cas was looking through him again.
“Well, why don’t you tell us what you do remember and we’ll fill in the blanks,” Sam said, with an encouraging smile. And Jack quickly took up signing for Eileen, hands and lips moving silently to fill her in, as she stood at the foot of the bed.
If he had been human, Castiel would have missed the blush that crawled outward from the bridge of Dean’s nose and coloured his cheeks, and tinged the tips of his ears in the low light. He watched as Dean shifted. His eyes flitted all over the sparse room, everywhere but Castiel.
“My favourite? You’re my favourite what?” Castiel asked, brows pinched, though he could have hazarded a guess. Many an angel and a few demons had accused him of favouring humanity and the Winchesters especially. Castiel liked to believe that he’d only been doing what he thought was right, though that frequently meant siding with the Winchesters, but that wasn’t his fault.
It made him one of them, in a way, and Castiel could take that. He’d grasp onto that olive branch and hold it through the night.
“Hey, you alright Dean?” Sam asked groggily, he looked out at their surroundings as he dragged a hand down his face.
“I know perfectly what I am saying, you’re the one talking in absences and around things you think I’m not ready to know,” Castiel said, growing frustrated in his tiredness and lack of understanding.
“And despite that, I was able to successfully complete the task of cleaning my body,” Castiel stated, and rubbed at the back of his neck.
“Well,” Dean began shakily, and coughed into his fist before continuing, “we don’t exactly have health insurance and the hospital’s gonna realise that sooner or later, so we should probably leave before they figure it out,” he explained.
Squinting up at Sam’s face backlit against the stark early afternoon sun, Eileen nodded and began to herd Jack into the diner with one of those wide bright smile on her face. The boy didn’t seem to mind.
‘Cool Girl’ for me or whatever,” Dean rambled, completely losing Castiel and he was too tired to even try to thread it together, it was the first time in their conversation that Dean truly sounded drunk.
At least he was remembering things. That was promising, right? And it was, but Dean couldn’t help but feel anxious. There was no telling how, when, where or why he was going to remember things, and the order and circumstances might make it difficult to explain without revealing more than he wanted to or at least before Cas was ready to hear it or Dean was ready to tell it. Though, when had he ever been given the luxury of being ready for something?
“I can hear you through the door,” Castiel said, eyes on the door and the shadow that slipped through the crack at the bottom, “come inside Dean.” He hung up and dropped his phone back down on the nightstand.
There was nothing more than another night and Nebraska between them and the bunker, between Dean and his memory foam. It had taken them the best part of a week to get to Cas and make their way back to Lebanon. Of course it wouldn’t have taken so long if they didn’t stop so much, but Cas needed the rest and really, so did Dean.
Sam got there first. His long legs and head start working against Dean. He slipped his arms up under Jack’s armpit and hoisted him onto his feet. Jack’s feet dragged as Sam pulled him into a hug. The kid seemed pretty dazed. They held onto each other, fingers twisted in the fabric of their jackets, and Dean figured that none of them could afford to lose a single thing anymore.
Sam stood at the entrance of what was ostensibly a library and wore an expression of mounting concern. Clearly, Castiel had been staring at the table for too long.
“You’ve given me much to consider,” Castiel said, it wasn’t so much a lie as it was an easy way to end the conversation.
“How many people get as many chances as we have Sam? Because I don’t think anyone else ever has, and I’ve fucked them all up, and I’ve left so much shit unsaid and undone and I’ve said shit that I don’t even mean so that maybe it won’t feel so bad when everything falls apart again, but this kinda feels like our last chance or our biggest one and I don’t wanna waste it with my usual bullshit,” Dean rambled, jaw tight, his heart was still pounding.
“I already said I’m doing it,” Dean cut in, rounding his shoulders as he stared back at his brother. He passed the shotgun over to Sam and pulled the pistol out of his waistband. “And anyways, your limbs are all long and gangly, I’m a better fit,” he added, checking the magazine before he looked back at Sam.
It’d already been a long day and it was only eleven in the am. How he was supposed to deal with Cas like this for the next who knew how long was so far beyond him, he felt like he was wading through water, up to his thighs and rising, and it’d just about been a week.
“Where’s Jack?” Dean asked, looking around too, he shifted in his seat but there was nothing there. There was nothing but grass, the dirt road and the entrance to the bunker out beyond the confines of the car.
“We’re not your responsibility Cas, we’re your friends,” he assured, hand flicking out to gesture between them.
“And how’s that?” Castiel asked, almost sneering as he tilted head sharply, hackles raised from the way that Dean was seemingly barbing him.
“I suppose how I became a father figure to Claire is too complicated to get into right now?” Castiel asked, tongue pressed against the back of his teeth as he watched Dean.
’ curled up his nose. Castiel had been kissed before but comparatively Dean was a master at the art. And he allowed himself to be led.
“So what should we be looking for, a hex-bag or something, the whole house is ashes and doyleys,” Dean said as he began to rummage around the wreckage, the light of his flashlight shone through the bare springs of what was once a couch.
It was kind of bittersweet to finally see Cas after all the thinking he’d been doing. He hadn’t been able to keep the angel from his thoughts for long, wondering where he was and what he was doing, but now that Cas was finally there in front of him, Dean didn’t know what to say or do.
He learnt that retrograde amnesia stole your autobiographical memories. What that meant in practice was that he knew how walk, talk and where Washington was on a map, but he didn’t know his name, age, who his family was, where he’d grown up, who he went to school with, and all the things that made you who you were.
Cas,” Sam said, smiling again. “And hey Cas, you’re already family, and you can heal me, which is a great plus,” he added, hand curled around Castiel’s shoulder, “but if you hurt my brother, you know I know how to kill an angel right?” Sam was still smiling, and Castiel was proud of himself for realising that Sam was joking.
Once he was in his new clothes, which had taken a frustratingly long time but there was no way he would let anyone help, they’d simply walked out. Sam had distracted the nurse at the desk while Dean, Eileen and Jack surrounded Cas and kept anyone from noticing that a patient was leaving.
“No, I get that,” Dean said, and swallowed thickly before he could speak again. “I’ve got my own duties, I’ve got Sammy and Bobby to look out for, and I’m not asking for you to hang up your wings and spend every second breathing down my neck,” he went on, finally building up the courage to look Cas in the face, those blue eyes always did a number on him and he found his words stuttering in his throat. “I just wanna know that I’m gonna see you.”
“That’s alright sir, we just need some information and then I can let you go,” she said, and Dean could hear the clacking of a keyboard.
He flicked through the pages of the slim book, though he already knew it from cover to cover, thanks to the aforementioned pop culture knowledge. His eyes landed on a thick paragraph that stood out from the rest of the page. It mentioned something about being in a car, repressed feelings and a love that felt like a crime.
“Yeah you did, but you’re always running off the moment the danger’s gone or whenever you think we don’t need you anymore,” Dean said, running his teeth along his lip, eyes glue to the road. He couldn’t look at Cas and see the lack of understanding in his eyes.
