He could not bring himself to think of John, his friend - suddenly as broken on the pavement beside him as he himself seemed to John. Hearing John saying, “Let me through; he's my friend, he's my friend," his voice cracked and anguished, Sherlock seeing as clear as any solved case the vast extent of John's pain and knowing that some part of John was
John wasn’t really much of a cricketer and this conversation might as well be in Malaysian. “Right!” he said again, cheerfully, nodding, and looked at Sherlock.
‘How refreshing,’ Mycroft thought. Honesty
“Oh, I think you do….” said Sherlock calmly, but he wasn’t being aggressive, just firm.
could he finally admit it.
He was floundering.
"Very small paring knife. He picked it up from the block when he sent me to get something from the freezer. The knife was clean - the whole kitchen looked pretty clean...it's what's going on in the office upstairs that's dirty."
Agatha had been scribbling on a piece of paper drawn out from one of her pockets with a tiny stub of pencil while the holly exchange had been going on, and now she folded the paper quickly and put both it and the pencil back inside her waistcoat. “What’s that?” she asked, taking another big gulp of wine. She was referring to John’s snort of laughter.
out,” he said darkly, “lift up.”
The world simply stopped turning. John opened his mouth to say, "Did that hurt?" although that was just a cover, because he knew that Sherlock's gasp had not been a gasp of pain, but before he could speak, Sherlock brought his right hand quickly across his body and up, and his fingers touched and then rested lightly on John's where they now lay, still on his clavicle and shoulder. John watched as Sherlock's long fingers slid up John's own, up to the back of his hand.
moaned Greg in a deep growl when the kiss broke, making Mycroft laugh.
Sherlock. Let him keep his mood. Grumpy bastard.
as she had done Sherlock’s, John thought, watching with amusement. Unfalteringly, she clasped Mycroft’s hand warmly in both of her own and shook it firmly and briskly. John realised this was as close to a hug as they would allow her.
"Yes. Or at least, he did!…We call each other Gab,” she smiled, explaining it as an aside. “It’s…it’s a little joke we have...Anyway, it was he who provided the painting to decorate the entrance of Claridge's hotel for the visit of the emperor and empress of Japan. It was a massive stroke of luck to get that commission and it was only because he knew the general manager from somewhere - university, I think - and he asked Gab to do it as a favour.” She started to re-do her messy bun as she spoke. “It was a very popular piece, many wealthy clients saw it and liked it, and so he started to get commissions, the money started to roll in and then it started to roll out again even faster because now he
- well, however many he had left - if you two chaps hadn’t caught on!” She was clearly full of approval over an issue that was so close to her heart. Leslie B-G (as John had mentally shortened it to) had fraudulently pocketed nearly a quarter of a million dollars in a private American auction by imitating an early painting in the style of a less well-known Italian artist. He had passed it off as a ‘re-discovered’ lost piece of work, discovered when he was living in Venice and working in a museum there, renovating the old artworks.
white being all the frost and snow - fills the churchyard…meaning, the mild weather kills more people, because all the bugs and germs don’t get killed off in the cold weather so they end up…er…killing
Sherlock widened his eyes to give a clue to what John's answer should be, "this scene brings to mind that wonderful poem about the mudflats at dawn…Oh, dear me, what was it called, John, you know, that poem you like? By that chap ...'Peters' something?… ‘The glow of waking sun on mud, the January dawn...the tide creeps in to take its bed while seabirds call forlorn…'
Sherlock confirmed, his heart warm in his chest at the look on John’s face. He loved it when he made John smile and, even better, laugh.
real.’ He still could hardly believe it. The red marks he had made on Sherlock’s chest and neck glowed softly against his pale skin. They would be the evidence then, for this case. He must have smiled a little at that because Sherlock, who was watching him closely, asked, “What?”
Sherlock looked back out of the window and sipped his coffee slowly. It was like they were having a conversation about the weather.
Gabriella returned within minutes, with John’s book and a large folded over paper bag containing what could only be couple of scones to take home. She waved the bag at them. “Take these!” she instructed, “We don't need them, Clarissa’s always baking! And have a good journey home.” She indicated the larger paintings in their carrier which Sherlock had just picked up. “You can just leave everything with Nicolette,” she added, “I’ll collect it from her next time I go to London.” She gave Sherlock the bag of scones and handed the book back to John, who stowed it safely in his inner jacket pocket, and then she bent and picked up the smaller package of paintings, and passed that to John as well. He took it in one hand and shook hands first with her and then with Clarissa. They said their goodbyes, and Gabriella smiled as she said, “Well! It’s been insightful!” then she added musingly, “Who knows - I may even wish to employ you both myself one day!”
Sherlock didn't reply. He knew his face would be telling John that he had just worked something out. John always knew by his face. Had to say something. And Sherlock couldn't lie about this.
But that was what John wanted, that was what John had chosen, so...there we be.
He snatched up the phone and when he opened the message, his eyes widened momentarily before he said “Ha!” out loud with delight. “At last!” he crowed, grinning. “Looks like The Iceman has finally melted,” he said, holding out his phone to John so John could see the screen.
“Oh hello, John, how was Tesco’s?” replied John sarcastically, struggling to extract his key from the door, laden with shopping bags. “Let me help you with those bags…”
In spite of Sherlock’s seriousness, John almost laughed. He knew Sherlock could read him like a book but it seemed he still just wanted to hear John say it aloud. He looked Sherlock in the eye and smiled. He wasn't afraid. “I am so sure, Sherlock,” he said, “And I am going to wake up tomorrow and still be sure.” Sherlock started to smile his slow smile and then inspiration hit John and he added, “A long time ago you said, ‘Could be dangerous,’ and here I am…I’m still here…And I’m staying.” He was pleased with this and he let it show in his voice and on his face. He knew Sherlock would like it, but he hadn't realised how much.
John could see this was leading somewhere so he played along. "Oh yeah? What?" he said, beginning to grin himself.
"Unmarried. Never married. One sister. But apparently she accrued massive gambling debts and now spends a lot of time in Australia. There was some kind of massive quarrel about a house their parents left to them. They fell out for a while."
Mycroft moaned, low and guttural and full of fire himself.
Also thanks to SaturnIsTheBetterOfMe for the violin carrying confirmation question!!!
whopping
"Yeah, alright, no shit, Sherlock," he said, "it
"I...er...I...Why are you asking?"
would be - Sherlock clutched a fistful of the back of John’s shirt and pulled it, hard.
Too early in the day for that!” she said to him cheerfully, taking a big gulp of her wine; as if it was really quite shocking to actually be offered water at dinner.
John noticed Mycroft’s shoulders tighten. “How very observant of you,” Mycroft replied drily, not looking around at Sherlock either and emptying the now warmed pot out into the sink with a brisk, slightly aggressive flick. “Perhaps you would be so kind as to help by getting some fresh milk? I believe the jug on the table is nearly empty.”
she yodelled excitedly at very high volume, but with genuine warmth, releasing John and now going towards Sherlock, completely unfazed by his surly greeting.
Siger nodded his head towards the huge fridge across the kitchen which was covered in decorative magnets and several recent (or more aged) picture postcards, both from the U.K and from foreign countries. One that really grabbed the attention was a striking beach scene at sunset, emblazoned clearly with the word
changed," he confirmed calmly, and as he was never one to shy away from decisive action, he decided and took charge of the newly-changed things by walking Sherlock backwards to the waiting sofa. Sherlock went willingly, a seductive smirk on his face, knowing exactly what John was thinking, and as his calves touched the sofa, he sat down and then slid sideways down onto it, bringing John down with him by clutching at his shoulder and his back, and so they fell onto it together in a clumsy heap. John gave another soft half-laugh at the awkwardness of managing it - in much the same way that he had laughed only the day before at the awkwardness of crouching together uncomfortably, hidden behind a skip, waiting for a suspect to leave a house they were watching. They had been close together then, squashed into a tiny space in the darkness, their bodies pressed together but with a completely different focus on their minds then as to what was on their minds now. Or maybe not, as it turned out…
then,
Sherlock sipped his own drink for a moment and then said off-handedly, “Oh, just Mycroft exaggerating.”
Question: What did it mean when what seemed like a random thought or irrelevant collection of words someone had spoken wouldn't go away?
John put down his knife and fork and took them both from her, holding the fish carefully between his fingertips in one hand and the paper in the other, and addressed the table. “Ok, you hold the fish loosely in your open palm and it tells your fortune by the movements it makes.” He waved the slip of paper, “These are the movements that the fish makes and what they mean…” and then he glanced down to read them.
Greg however, had had almost enough of his favourite scotch by now to feel that it was time for some action. He said nothing, just held Mycroft’s suit jacket on one arm for a moment, looking at him with obvious pleasure, his eyes deliberately half-lidded and with
well.
“What? Hot?” Greg managed, around swallowing his mouthful, so desperate was he to make the joke. (It sounded like
The next morning, the sun was streaming in through a gap in John's curtains and the light woke him up. He lay still and looked at the dust motes swirling in the sunbeam as he breathed into it. He felt weird. Paused. Like you do when something massive has happened the day before and you’ve forgotten it overnight, he thought, and he waited - thinking that any moment now he was going to remember it in a sudden shock of revelation. But nothing came. Not with a sudden shock anyway, it was more like a whisper.
and after a kaleidoscope of emotions had passed across John's face, John had settled on deeply hurt and furiously angry - deeply hurt by the terrible, terrible lie that Sherlock had told him, and furiously angry that Sherlock didn't seem to
As they drew closer, they realised that the person sitting there was painting at an easel. John could not believe their luck. But then he realised it was not going to be that simple after all. From a closer vantage point, they could see that the person at the easel was a woman. From the grey-white of her hair, John estimated that she was probably in her late 50's, maybe early 60's. She was dressed simply; slightly eccentrically, in an ancient looking, paint-streaked artist's smock and with what looked like a blue boiler suit underneath. She was wearing sturdy and very new walking boots, and her long silver-grey hair was wound up in a wild haphazard bun. She glanced around on hearing them approach, but didn't speak or smile, just nodded at them curtly in cordial greeting and then went back to her work.
Really, he didn't need to speak at all, the depth of longing in his eyes said so much more than that simple word ever could.
“Oh, please, do finish your toast first!” Mycroft admonished him in his normal voice, seemingly dropping out of the silly role play, and as Greg started to laugh at this, Mycroft added - suddenly back in his sultry voice again - “…You’ll need it to keep your strength up…”
Now Greg hesitated. He made a
he claimed. John wondered who he needed to phone so urgently on New Year’s Eve at 7 o’clock, but didnt ask. Lucia heard him though. She stuck her head around the door of the kitchen, sighed audibly in exasperation and said, “Oh, go on then! But hurry it up!” She was clearly in charge here, and no one else pressed it, so Mycroft disappeared gratefully once again into the study next door to the sitting room, and quietly but firmly shut the door on them all.
John!”
Mycroft was embarrassed further by the cold-sounding description. “Oh dear. That sounds most disagreeable,” he said, mildly chagrined.
New to all this amazing finery of a complicated three course meal made at home, John was deeply impressed. “Oh, wow!” he remarked, at both the striking look and sound of the dish and the concept of half of it being grown just outside the window.
“No one’s,” replied Sherlock, still running his thumb slowly up and down. “Guest—"
he thought, looking out.
“And it’s got some ridiculous name,” added Sherlock, sipping his tea, turning the newpaper that lay on the table towards him to read the small stories at the bottom of the front page. Siger laughed defiantly. “Ridiculous?!” he snorted good-humouredly, and he turned to John. “She’s called Persephone...” he paused and then pulled a serious stern face and added in a deep theatrical monotone,
‘It is what it is,' thought Sherlock, ecstatic, euphoric, his heart full to bursting as John kissed him.
This was abruptly made quite apparent, as the sounds of an argumentative discussion suddenly erupted from the depths of the house; undoubtedly the row would lead the way to the kitchen. John stopped in the hallway and glanced at Siger questioningly. "Sherlock and Mycroft have started already..." offered Siger woefully with a helpless shrug, and he turned to lead the way. Of course he was used to hearing the constant bickering between his sons, and it wasn't like John
John was embarrassed by the use of the word 'massage' but yes, that was what it was and that was what he was offering.
John hadn't expected that. But what had he expected? From the way his heart was going, and the fear that had tightened his throat and chest, he thought it was more like he'd expected Sherlock to say it was over...but
he thought. “—
thought Mycroft, drinking him in for just a moment before he went back to work again.
Sherlock put his hand back on the man's shoulder and exerted some firm pressure, and the man grudgingly went down on his knees, closing his good eye, and he hung his head, for all his bravado quite possibly feeling a little worse for wear. Very possibly a little concussed. But John really couldn't care less about his health.
he suddenly whispered in a mock awe-struck tone, and Mycroft actually giggled. It seemed everything this man said simply doomed Mycroft to fall for him more deeply.
There was such a long pause while they stared at each other, waiting.
As Sherlock got close enough, John saw that he also had the encouragement of a small handgun pressed to the small of the man's back. John already happened to know that it was a very realistically cold and solid, but also very fake gun that Sherlock had picked up from somewhere. John shook his head, once, carefully, thinking that rather ironically, even though Sherlock was not only impersonating a police officer (illegal), and detective inspector, no less, with stolen police ID (very illegal), he was also brandishing a very realistic firearm in public (also pretty flipping illegal). Rather than being a law breaker, though - despite breaking three of them at once - he was, in fact, on the side of the good guys. John almost began to break into a rueful grin at the thought but then he caught a fleeting expression cross Sherlock's face and realised that Sherlock was hurt and that he was hiding it. The suspect he had gone after was older and looked far tougher and streetwise than the one who John had gone after.
bad. He could not remember screaming, because he knew that you did not scream if you could help it, you did not display weakness to your enemy and you did not give away your position any more than it was humanly possible not to. So he had dropped his gun because he simply couldn't physically hold on to it any longer, and then he remembered sand against his right cheek and temple and the taste of hot dust and gun oil on his lips and then in his mouth, where he had laid his face gently down on the warm, welcoming ground and then he had closed his eyes, and then he didn't remember anything much more about that precise moment. He only remembered after.
"Actually, now I remember exactly where it was," he said, suddenly, remembering. "That coastal walk; it was in a place called Burnham...Burnham something. ...Ah, I know! Burnham-on-Crouch. She lived near there - my...er, the girlfriend."
…something…a bit…
“I call her ‘Percy’ as well,” continued Siger, “but if I write it, I write it ‘Purrrcy,’ ” and then he spelt the word out, three rolling
Sherlock lifted his head and stared at him. “John had Scottish grandparents, father,” he said neutrally.
Mycroft liked the smooth and unshowy way that Greg had dealt with that situation. He liked it very much. Which was a bit of an understatement, rather. The truth was he was actually astonished to discover how it made him feel. He stroked his thumb over one of Greg’s knuckles. “I believe you had been just about to tell me more about the black label Iberian ham that you sampled on your holiday…?” he said placidly, his stomach swirling in an interesting way.
…although not as huge as it had been yesterday, he considered. He’d been lucky it wasn't much worse. Eventually he felt ok to try again, carefully, and so he stood up slowly and crossed the room. When he opened his bedroom door, he smelt coffee. He put on his dressing gown and went downstairs barefoot, hoping there would be some left.
And, well, but that certainly had the desired effect: John watched as Sherlock's eyes widened a little briefly in surprise before he closed them abruptly and swallowed, suddenly speechless at the thought of it.
John was astounded. "Where, abroad?” he asked.
but—” now he turned his attention to Siger, who didn’t know whether to apologise for that remark or not, “—no, you’re quite right, Siger, they do. They are!” He grinned, making Siger look relieved. “I’ve never heard Old Year’s Night; my grandparents always called it Hogmanay, but I do remember many a fairly glum phrase from my Scottish grandfather, actually! I think one of his favourites was—” and here John suddenly adopted the melodic Highland accent of his forebears “—‘Aye, a green Christmas fills the churchyard!'” He sang it out in the way that his grandfather used to say it. Which was almost cheerfully. Everyone stopped what they were doing and looked at him.
“Oh, come on, did you not
Suddenly, Greg put his hand quite firmly on Mycroft’s shoulder. “Stop, wait,
love chrysanthemums, John, thank you so much. I'll go and put these in water.” As she went, she flicked a glance at Siger who was busy looking at something on his phone, and said pointedly, “Tea, darling?” and Siger immediately shoved his phone in his pocket and set to work making a fresh pot for John.
“Sounds like my kind of Christmas,” he said cheerfully from John’s side, making John splutter with unexpected laughter. John looked at him, still laughing, to see Sherlock smirking back.
Sherlock?" John demanded suddenly, the words bursting out through his almost silent sobs, his face still half-buried in Sherlock's stomach. "Do you know why?...I need to tell you…Sherlock, I
Greg lowered his arms, still grinning. “Ah, come on! For you? After last night?! Anything!” said Greg, playing along with the joke, and he walked over.
Glancing over at Greg’s house, Mycroft was somewhat amused to observe the coincidence that the garden path was tiled in exactly the same black and white chequered pattern as the floor at Constantine’s, though on a very much smaller scale and certainly not the same Italian marble.
Mrs. Hudson had told him once that she had gone into his flat quite soon after Sherlock's funeral when John was drunk and asleep, and had seen his gun left out on the desk and she had taken it. It wasn’t until two months later that she had come clean about it and admitted what she had done, and John had said he hadn't even missed it, didn’t remember getting it out on the table, almost literally had feigned innocence and said, 'What gun?’ - but that wasn't true. None of that was true. He had thought about its presence often, had known exactly who had taken it, and why, and one evening he had really,
a childhood? Secret Squirrel was one of those Saturday morning cartoons when we were kids…”
Neal’s Yard - a company producing natural beauty products made with flowers, herbs and essential oils. They use very distinctive blue glass bottles and containers with black lids. They look expensive, and yes, they are expensive - but they’re worth every penny.
Greg held firmly around Mycroft’s back and his arse the whole time to support him, to hold him upright; just once sliding down to squeeze the back of his upper thigh, digging his fingers in hard, making Mycroft moan more audibly. There was no doubt about who was in the driving seat, or who was in control, or who was boss, now. It was Greg. Mycroft had never,
Hesitantly, Greg said, “Ahh, s—I’m...sorry about the swearing...” he trailed off awkwardly, feeling that maybe he’d over-stepped a line with his use of the f-word.
heard of him?" asked Sherlock, now turning his head to look at John in interest and raising an eyebrow.
Mycroft had been watching Greg swallow the last of his drink and had come to a quick decision suddenly. “I think I quite like the look of yours,” Mycroft replied. “I haven't had a G&T for…quite some time,” he turned his attention to the expectantly waiting bartender. “I’ll have the same please, David, and with the Fevertree too…thank you.” David got to work and Mycroft turned back to Greg and smiled.
"Where do I...?" repeated Sherlock and he stopped what he was doing mid-question and sat up straight onto his heels, staring at the wall behind John.
going to repeat, John, but I believe it has connotations with Berkeley and hunting, and then he suddenly heard you talking in the garage downstairs with his insipid daughter-in-law and he instructed me firmly to
—I can’t believe I can stop fantasisin’ about your legs now…” he gasped out the words brokenly, stroking up and down the underside of Mycroft’s thigh and then digging his fingers in, still moving his body in slow, tantalising thrusts. He began to move faster, rolling his hips harder against Mycroft’s, bringing another of those deliciously hot sounds emanating from his lover’s lips before Mycroft caught up and said breathily,
have walked…but carrying all this stuff? The car park for the quay had been fairly busy, John remembered, but the empty cars they had passed hadn't seemed your typical artists' cars; if indeed there was such a thing. John remembered a particularly nice beaten-up old Jag. Surely not? She didn't seem the Jag type somehow. Sherlock would remember the cars, he'd have to ask in a minute. John was still looking around at the view and the shed when he spotted the handlebars of what looked like a pretty ancient blue bicycle propped against (and mostly behind) a large sturdy gorse bush nearby. She had tucked the bike away so as not to distract her view from the scene she was painting.
...Because it’s important and there's something about it I need to know and thus far...I am missing it.
John all but squeaked, laughing.
Though Greg’s house was old, it had been sympathetically modernised, and the back bedroom (Greg’s bedroom and clearly the largest of the three) had been extended out over part of the new utility room and loo extension downstairs, to add on a small en-suite bathroom. When a few minutes later, Mycroft stepped over the threshold and into Gregory’s bedroom, the first thing he noticed once again was the bed. It was impossible not to notice it. It stood side on to the doorway in the large room, and it was a truly lovely specimen, with a black barred headboard and footboard decorated with ornate mouldings in the shape of tiny starbursts, and topped at each corner with shiny oval brass finials. The other thing that Mycroft noticed instantaneously was that the bed was quite neatly made and that Greg was on it. He was facing away from the doorway, lying on his front - as if he had just walked into the room, turned the bedside lamp on and flopped down on his bed like a lounging teenager. He was fully clothed except for shoes and tie - the lack of shoes Mycroft could see immediately, the lack of tie, he couldn’t, but he had glimpsed the tie itself slung over the back of a small Victorian chair already piled with clothing, next to the bedside table. The little, creamy-coloured bedside lamp was giving off a soft warm glow, making entering the room akin to entering a small and cosy kind of cave.
He gasped a little involuntarily in amused arousal. “I confess I
But what he did know was that he didn't need the drugs anymore.
Sherlock!” he snapped. “Look, what—have you taken some kind of holy orders that prevent you from swearing or something?! Yeah, I can well imagine that he might’ve sworn a bit - I just want you to
about the case? I just need something to put for the blog. It’s just sounding so…lifeless as it is now.”
The interior of the taxi cab on the way home quite quickly became a dark, mobile cavern of lust - or at least, the back seat did - because as soon as Mycroft got into the cab and slid across the leather back seat to sit behind the driver, Greg got in after him and slid confidently across the back seat too to sit right next to him. Greg leaned forward to give the driver his address and as the cab pulled away, they both almost immediately discovered that where Greg had chosen to sit would have a profound effect on the experience of the journey; what with Mycroft’s lower thigh and knee leaning into Greg’s every time they turned right, and Greg’s leaning into Mycroft’s every time they turned left, the frequent light touching of their knees and thighs with the movement of the car became a form of sweet and oft-repeated torture. Mycroft had never before considered the inordinate number of turns a vehicle might make when travelling in London until this evening. Eventually, somewhere along the Chelsea Bridge Road, Mycroft could bear it no longer and brought his hand up to rest seemingly innocently on his left knee - the knee that was next to Greg’s - almost at the point of their contact, and immediately before the next left turn, in a shameless attempt to encourage Greg to take his hand when they did so. And when they
everything clearly, as clear as day. No one recognised his ability for what it was. People thought it was weird.
, of all people, couldn't have been secretly…? ‘No,’ he thought. ‘No, come on! No way,’ dismissing the idea instantly out of hand as ridiculous. ‘There’s no way that would he buy into it - you’re delusional!’ he decided, and he grabbed a basket and got out his list.
Round two was delightful.
Greg and Mycroft were not in the least bit uncomfortable with the present situation, but the occupants of the other table certainly were. After a few more slowly passing moments, Greg inclined his body slightly towards the other man and called over softly, “ ‘Scuse me, mate?” He sounded fairly friendly and he didn’t raise his voice. His tone sounded for all the world like he might be about to ask the chap if he had the time, by any chance?
again, to try and bring him back.
Yet he could also see why he had done it.
Sherlock continued. Now John saw his cheeks were
it said,
“Ooh, I like the way you said that,” growled Greg darkly, leaning back in to briefly kiss Mycroft’s neck again and he made a little sound of his own deep in his throat, like a pleased sort of purry rumble. Then he said, as if considering how much, “Actually, I
“It’s not terribly difficult…” he muttered and came back over to stand with John. “Ok?” he asked quietly, offering John another canapé from the plate.
composure, even if just for appearance’s sake, at least. “You're very forceful, I'm rather surprised,” he murmured, aiming for cool and suave.
Greg looked down quickly, a strange expression flashing across his face, as if he were embarrassed, and put his knife and fork together neatly. He pushed them slightly to the left so they lay centrally, straight on his plate, at half past twelve. He raised his gaze back to Mycroft. “Well…I s’pose we’re doing it now, eh?” he said slowly. His dark eyes smouldered and his words were laden with suggestion. Hence the odd look on Greg’s face a moment before, realised Mycroft suddenly. He hadn’t been embarrassed  at all - he’d just immediately thought of that little innuendo and had been wondering whether to say it or not. Mycroft also saw, in an instant, that Greg’s deciding to say it and him responding positively now would be the start of something else.
But all things have to change eventually.
Agatha had now conquered the cellophane envelope but been confounded by the tiny writing on the little slip of paper that came with it, and she turned to pass them both to John. "Can't read it without me glasses," she said. "What are you supposed to do?"
And so, against the crime scene wall, where just yesterday Sherlock had moved the sofa to be able to carefully and precisely pin photos and pictures and newspaper cuttings, John Watson did something to Sherlock Holmes that he had never thought he would ever do against that wall…or in fact ever do anywhere,
Sherlock shook his head once in an infinitesimally tiny movement so that the man he was holding in front of him would not notice it - so;
John hesitated. "Errr, need a quick trip to A&E, I had a slight blow to the back of the head and Sherlock has a minor knife wound - courtesy of that guy, Winston."
John felt a shiver go down his back at Sherlock's voice and Sherlock's mouth and tongue and teeth, hot and wet and hard on his neck.
Where had
...” he said haltingly. “You always look so...laid back but I think you can really move when you want to.” He paused and swallowed, Greg’s hand stroking encouragingly up and then down his spine. Greg smiled against Mycroft’s neck. “Yeah?” he whispered.
scoffed Sherlock, interrupting Lucia and nearly spitting out his mince pie in the process. “She’s not
Mycroft thought he might faint. There surely couldn’t be enough blood in his brain to keep him on his feet right now. He had upwards of maybe 90,000 words at his disposal, in many different languages, and only one came out.
It was so infectious watching him that John couldn’t help but join him.
Sherlock was scrolling on his phone. “Zac,” he supplied, looking down at the screen.
Lovely! Thank you so much, John!” Mr. Holmes cried heartily, then he demanded, “Now, why are we still on the doorstep? Come in, come in!" He stepped aside for John to pass him and gestured invitingly into the house with an open arm. "Nice Christmas?" he asked, as John stepped over the threshold.
There was such a lot between them that had remained unspoken for so long. And now it was half said.
Again, and again, and again.
~~~~~~~~~~~
pleasing,” he said seriously, but with the smile still on his face. “And I think I should tell you that what
Siger laughed, but Lucia said in his defence, “It hasn’t had any splinters for years, though, has it?” she pointed her peeler at him. “Trust you to remember that!”
… John just wanted to press him up against the shower tiles and lick him into submission. So he did.
to John, at least for a while, but maybe forever; maybe he would never see John again after this, but still he couldn't say it, he just
Sherlock looked amused. “If it works, you’ll find out later. If it doesn’t, I’ll tell you. And then I’ll make it work.”
He looked at Sherlock and thought, 'He’s probably doing quadratic equations in his mind,' and he started to count backwards from a hundred. Suddenly John realised he could feel Sherlock’s pulse through his cock and then he concentrated on counting that for a moment, rather than allowing himself to think too much about where his hand was; not to mention the fact that Sherlock’s hot hand was curled tight around his own ragingly hard cock. He thought he could feel the pulse in that, too. He also thought he was either going to faint, fall over or come, and right now, he wanted none of those things to happen. He leaned hard against Sherlock and pushed him slightly towards the wall behind him for support. 'Some talking would be good here,' John thought, 'just to cool things down a bit,' because he was close, and he needed to get control of his cock before it exploded. Sherlock, obligingly, took the hint and let John take him the two paces backwards towards the wall. As his bare back hit the plaster, he gasped suddenly with shock.
Later,  John laid on his side in his bed and leant up on one elbow. He was looking at Sherlock lying next to him. Sherlock Holmes naked in John’s bed was as startling and out of place as a cat on a beach at midnight and John really couldn't look anywhere else. “So…what…what are we, now?” John asked, leaning over to stroke Sherlock's hair away from his eyes. Sherlock paused before he answered. A certain sign that he was going to tell the truth and that he wanted to consider his answer carefully before he gave it. “I don't know,”  he replied, after a moment. “I've never been here before, so I've no idea what we are, but I know that I want it.”
John simply couldn't speak anymore, his need to weep and let it out was greater than his need to speak and explain, and as he cried almost silently like a child into Sherlock's stomach, he realised that he just could not stop this dreadful weeping from happening and he didn't exactly know why it was so very, very painful. He only knew he had to get this out, and let it go; it felt like a poison deep in his system. He also realised that, conversely, he could not physically let go of his friend. Yes, of course he was very angry about Mary's betrayal and the terrible extent of her lies - so angry, and humiliated...but he felt very aware that there was more to it than that. That there was an older, stronger and much more painful anger and loss underneath it. And then something turned in his mind and opened up to him, and he realised suddenly that what he was weeping for was the loss of
"No, John," Sherlock said placatingly,  "we're simply borrowing it to look at it closely before this becomes a missing person's case sooner or later and the police get involved. Couldn't possibly look properly with the morons from Scotland Yard breathing down our necks - have you seen the size of his studio?"
expression bubbling up under the surface as Sherlock began to realise
He knew that sometimes when he was making deductions on a difficult case, and there were splintered facts and evidence spread everywhere, like a wine glass dropped on a stone floor; after it all came together - like time reversing of the dropping of the glass, like a white implosion coming together backwards in his mind - suddenly he just
, so different to other people.
“Oh yes,” groaned Mycroft, rapturously, thinking of the sight he would make. “Who’s going to do the honours?”
"Do you want me to do some soft tissue work on it?" he offered. "I know what to do."
"Fine," snapped John, fuming.
- meaning, getting them on purpose.
He cleared his throat and stepped back, and said, cautiously, "Because of Mary?"
John blinked. “ ‘In a manner of—?’
Forgive me, Sherlock, for…
he roared. “As if we aren't short enough of decent bloody cups anyway that you have to use
“Cornea?” echoed John, comprehension dawning horribly as Sherlock crossed the room. “Wait, those eyes that you had in the fridge yesterday, you mean you’ve put them in the—”
“MI6, now?’ said Mycroft, "It was MI5 earlier…” He was still a bit riled up, but at least now he was smiling.
Agatha slapped her own thigh theatrically in great amusement, making the sherry glass in her other hand wobble. She seemed to be a keen thigh-slapper. “Oh, those naughty rascals!" she exclaimed with pride. She shook a finger at Siger, in a mock telling-off. “You’re too soft with them!”
John felt like he was gabbling a bit but that was probably because Sherlock wasn't speaking at all. Sherlock complied with everything John asked, taking his shirt off and chucking it dismissively onto the back of the dining chair at the table. He stood shirtless once again with his back to the window, and so John went and stood behind him.
It was John and Mary…
“Thank you, Gregory,” said Mycroft warmly as he took it.
"Yeah, why?" John called back up, wiping his feet. "Expecting someone else who has a key?" He trudged up the stairs. He was tired and had had a long day. As soon as he reached the flat doorway though and looked through it, to see Sherlock slumped in his armchair looking a little pitiful with several drying blood stains on his shirt and a darkening bruise on his left cheekbone, all his fatigue vanished.
but he was still so
“Why do you need to hear it all?” he asked calmly, annoyingly, picking his newspaper up and turning to the next page, then folding it back again with a dismissive flick. “You won't be able to write any of it on the blog anyway.”
And so John realised all at once that he was staring at Sherlock, that he must be a bit red in the face and also that he had the beginnings of an erection. Which was by far the most embarrassing of the three and more than just slightly mortifying. He swallowed with some difficulty, cleared his throat and fidgeted in his seat. Of course Sherlock noticed John's odd reaction. He looked at him sharply. “What?" he said,  crossly.
“Well, I mean it. All of it. And I’m glad you like it because I aim to please,” said Greg, still grinning. He altered his stance, crossing his legs at the ankle and resting one hand on the worktop behind him. He sipped his scotch; his deep, dark eyes on Mycroft.
thought Greg.
about it and just bloody
“—Great, unnit?” murmured Greg, kissing him, pushing up against him, spreading the oil liberally between them.
“No,” said Sherlock, firmly, staying put, but John felt it was incredibly rude
Deep down he felt guilty because he knew he had asked Mary to marry him for completely the wrong reasons. Yes, he had loved her and was grateful to her for bringing him out of the hell he had been in without Sherlock, but was that a reason to ask someone to marry you?
thought Mycroft, as Greg’s fingers slid down his body, but then as Greg made contact, Mycroft gasped and reciprocated the action immediately, with no forewarning, making Greg moan softly. “Oh,
yes, of course,
Sherlock was out, and there was no indication of where he had gone and when he would be back. So John made some breakfast for himself and sat at the table with it, flicking through one of the newspapers while he ate. 'All back to normal again, then,' he thought suddenly. He didn't know if he was relieved or saddened by that.
whispered his internal voice knowingly, and then everything shifted perspective and he found he no longer cared about the window. He had been standing with his hands dangling shocked at his sides when Sherlock had begun to move, but now John reacted. He brought his own hands up quickly - to Sherlock's left shoulder and the other to the side of his neck, and he saw and felt his friend gasp in a breath at the shock of his touch.
Or rather,
Years later, several years later, when Sherlock was standing on the roof at St. Barts, the terrible knowledge like a shard of flint in his heart - knowing he had to do this to John,
John just happened to be watching, and immediately as Sherlock spoke, Mycroft picked up a large rosemary sprig between finger and thumb and flicked it straight at Sherlock’s head, exactly like a dart. Or even a poison arrow. It bounced lightly off his temple and he made a yelp of laughing surprise. Before he could retaliate, Lucia banged her hand lightly on the table.
pleased to have you here!" said Mrs. Holmes enthusiastically and even with the Bickering Brothers glowering at each other behind her in the background, John still felt cheered. He had immediately felt more welcomed and wanted here than he had done in anyone else's house for a long time. He handed her the now slightly travel-worn and crumpled bunch of flowers.
knock? I could have just been in the middle of a deeply private conversation then!”
Greg whispered. He took hold of Mycroft’s left thigh and bent the knee to bring it up higher, wrapping around his own arse and the back of his own leg, curling his arm around underneath to support it and hold it there. “Fuckin’ ‘ell, Mycroft…I can’t believe—
And then his ever-chirpy internal voice piped up.
"I'm not a machine," said Sherlock defensively, dropping the steeple immediately and sitting upright with a frown. And hang on, was he imagining it or were Sherlock’s cheeks just a little bit pink? But he was off now, in full rant, and couldn't stop to think about that.
“Christ, look at it out there!” he said, staring out. “It’s like some bloody romance film!”
“Nonsense,” coughed Siger. “Sherlock was perfectly fine with that penknife, weren’t you?”
They grinned at each other and drank their respective drinks for a moment in an easy companionable silence, until Mycroft could no longer ignore a certain
John had no idea what they involved really, except that they were little circular bits of puff pastry filled with different mouthfuls of various flavoured…
Mycroft smiled back, delighted. He was quite sure Greg had been thinking something a little more personal than that, but he’d managed to sidestep the question easily. How very thrilling this all was, he thought. It was like a game. And this evening, he had realised that he could play this game very well, in fact.
“Oh, this gets better and better,” purred Greg in a roguish voice and downed his own drink. “More?” he offered, lifting his empty glass. Mycroft nodded, not quite trusting himself to speak. “Please,” he murmured after a moment.
“Ooh, thank you, Sherlock!” she said as she took it. “Perfect timing! Lovely!” Sherlock didn’t bother to even answer but came and stood next to John again.
His eyes shone.
—you’ve
And it was all John could do not to gasp at his touch.
Sherlock grinned. “That’s the general
by Sherlock’s barging into the study. If anything, he looked a bit pink. Embarrassed, maybe? Maybe it was very close to the truth and he had
and she pointed down at the dusty quarry tiles next to the wellies. They came in and made themselves at home.
Sherlock yawned noisily and lengthily from the bedroom and then pointed out, “Usually you like it when I make deductions…”
Siger scooped back all of the chopped parsley he had just created from the edges of the board into a little mountain, and started again with the chopper, changing direction to get everything. “Up there, they still—well, not everyone, John, but some of the old folk—back then they still used the term ‘the Old Year’s Night’ as a shortening for ‘the last night of the Old Year’…instead of, as we call it, ‘New Year’s Eve.’” He looked up at John and smiled. “The real oldies still bear a grudge about the Battle of Culloden! It’s typical of the Scots. They’re a bit of a pessimistic bunch. Very backward-looking, rather than forward-looking…‘The dour Scot’, eh?”
Mycroft was most amused. He managed to chew and swallow the toast without laughing out loud. “Are you comparing me to Dame Judi? I’m not sure if I like that.”
It was like suddenly being bestowed with a super-human power. For a few seconds, neither one of them moved or spoke.
asked Sherlock's subconscious suddenly. It often asked questions, sometimes it posed as someone else, sometimes it was just a voiceless voice in his head. Sometimes these questions helped him solve a case, and so were useful and helpful, but sometimes his subconscious was annoying and asked questions he didn't want to answer. Like this one, which he ignored.
and Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut and almost actually grimaced. John was amused. He could hear Lucia greeting Agatha in return, and though it may not have been quite on the same level of dramatic announcement, it certainly sounded genuinely warm. "Oh,
Greg still had his eyes shut and his mouth open when he said, “Oh
He had stood there as the taxi drove away, watching it, thinking he didn’t know which was worse; Sherlock's betrayal or Mary’s. Then he thought,
“Ooh yeah,” Greg said, “yeah, please! Christ, it's colder than I thought. Freezin’ actually, even in the sun!” As Mycroft went to get them, Greg said, "The white one’s mine an’ all, don’t worry!”
“Carpe diem,” he said firmly, fixing Sherlock with his gaze, and he stood up slowly to do just that.
Gabriella glanced over at him. ”You’re very proud of him, aren't you?" she asked perceptively with a wry smile, tilting her head in Sherlock’s direction.
“Brrr!” Greg said, removing the cigarette briefly and leaning forward between the open balcony doors to tap ash off into the empty beer can. He put the lighter down on the stool/table and took another swift drag from the cigarette. “Kind a’ chilly!” he said, holding onto it this time and turning his face to blow the smoke out through the gap between the balcony doors.
"Nope. No need," replied Sherlock, briskly. "Already seen it."
one…?”
Watching Sherlock pretend to be someone else was actually quite fascinating. He took someone else's mannerisms and speech patterns and raised and lowered and worked his voice like a musical instrument enthusiastically producing a completely different sound. He actually briefly became someone else. He could have been an actor, thought John, watching him discreetly and listening as Sherlock won the artist round. She had stopped painting to listen to him and was now agreeing vehemently with something Sherlock was saying about the colour of Burnt Umber versus Deep Sienna for these sorts of ‘mud-heavy’ landscapes.
“I don’t think that is in any way necessary…do you?” replied Sherlock openly, and Clarissa gave a small nod of understanding.
John lifted his head at that. He wasn't quite with it and he wasn't sure what Sherlock meant. "With
Mycroft. He did still want them, sometimes, only far less frequently - and now he found he didn't
He took a deep breath and let go of Sherlock to rub his face and wipe his eyes on his sleeve. As John released him, Sherlock removed his own hands from John's shoulder and neck and then he stepped back, respectfully, watching John, waiting to hear what he had to say next.
“Look, what about the whisky on your trousers?” Greg asked, concerned about the trousers, but pretty damn interested in where the fingers were going. “It’ll definitely stain if we leave it!” he repeated and then he gasped, as the cool fingers slipped deliberately between the buttons of his shirt to encounter his bare skin.
If I think of anything else I need to explain, I'll add it!
Sherlock looked down at the paper again. He looked strangely evasive. "Nothing of any interest," he replied dismissively, turning the page slowly.
Immediately, Sherlock said dismissively, "I'm not doing it,” and he crossed his arms.
thinking about it!” he paused and then he repeated seriously, “That felt so
"Gabriel Peters," Sherlock replied, now looking at the back of the canvas.
Sherlock made a noise of disgust. “Goose!” he muttered. “Why must we be constantly
Sherlock was a model of tranquility in the face of John’s reaction to this news. “He won’t. And they won’t,” he said calmly, “because I sent one from Mycroft to Greg too. The same note. And they went to Constantine’s and had a date, and it’s obviously gone well, so no one will be going
officially. I've got to take it back in a while."
John and Sherlock watched her work and it occurred to John suddenly how remarkably like Gabriel Peters’ her style of painting was.
to look at...You...you were wearing the same navy suit at the party as you’re wearing tonight, I thought then that the colour really suited you...it so complements your skin and your hair...” Greg’s hand began to wander slowly down onto Mycroft’s arse as Mycroft spoke. He leaned even closer, tilting his head slightly to reach up towards Mycroft’s ear. “Go on,” he breathed as he passed Mycroft’s jawline, his mouth moving on upwards.
Her ex.
Mycroft glanced at Sherlock and Sherlock glanced at Mycroft. No words were needed. John could read everything on their faces.
“Good day at the office then?” asked Greg cheerfully, and Mycroft made a soft sound of amusement. “You could say that, yes…” he said. “I had a very satisfactory result in soothing tensions between two…unhappy factions, let’s say.”
a bit pink. "No one tells me what to do, John, or if they try to, I don't notice because I ignore them. But when you tell me what to do...it makes me…want to do it."
“Come on, then,” said John, wondering what that was all about but knowing better than to ask. Sherlock would tell him when he wanted to.
he said, rather amused. This was not behaviour that Mycroft normally indulged in, but quite suddenly he felt freed from all the usual obligations of his customary behaviour. He found that right now, he didn’t actually care about what was normal for him and what was not.
The maitre’d looked up and smiled in a welcoming but not-making-too-much-of-a-fuss way as Mycroft approached him. “Mr. Holmes,” he said, tipping his head in a courteous almost bow, “Please come this way, Mr. Lestrade is waiting for you in the bar,” and he stepped away from the desk to lead Mycroft towards it. ‘He’s a member, even?’ pondered Mycroft as he followed the maitre’d.
Lucia was filling the kettle but she said loudly over the noise, “Don’t be so dramatic, Mykie! No, John, they just didn't get on...”
Sherlock. And it would be John and Mary,
Burnham-on-Crouch is a real place in England. So is Essex. ‘Country Living’ is also a real magazine. I am also (definitely) real but I am not John's ex-girlfriend. Sigh. (If only)…😍
“Not one word of what you just said makes any sense at all!” he said to Greg, his hand back on Greg’s shoulder, sliding down his side to his waist.
Not wishing to display any signs of weakness to their two captives, John looked at him very carefully. He caught Sherlock's eye and raised his eyebrows, inclining his head slightly at Sherlock to ask, 'You ok?'
A John who stood looking so utterly wretched that Sherlock felt his face do something he didn't remember it ever really doing before. "What John, what? Is it Mary? Is it the baby?” he asked desperately.
face, making John laugh before he put the plate down on the sideboard next to them again.
Sherlock sat back down again, hard, in an almost visible puff of petulance and hugged his knees in that sulky way he sometimes did.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “Indeed!” he confirmed. He looked back down at the screen again and shook his head. He was surprised too, but clearly he was also secretly pleased. “You know, John, I think I might actually take a screenshot of that for blackmail purposes…” he said, adding, “…he might delete it once he’s had a moment to think about it.”
Sherlock said nothing at all but the look in his eyes said everything. He took John's hand from where it gripped his thigh and brought it gently to the front of his pants. John pressed his hand down slowly, watching Sherlock's face, and it took every ounce of Sherlock's self-control not to push back up hard in response. The silent moment that passed between them then was charged and heavy with significance. “Now what?” Sherlock said quietly, breaking the silence, his voice rough-edged.
Greg leaned back against the balcony railing and frowned, looking at Mycroft. “Bookin’?” he said, clearly puzzled. “I didn’t book it.
used one of
Neither of them said much while John did it. He cleaned the wound and gave instructions to Sherlock while positioning his head and Sherlock obeyed them silently. It seemed they were both caught up in their own thoughts.
His recital completed, Sherlock strode back to the table, yanked his chair dramatically back out from under it and sat down on it again, hard. He leant back and crossed his legs, and then his arms, watching John and waiting for him to reply.
"What's a spontaneous pneumothorax?" asked Sherlock vaguely, he knew, but he was thinking about the other thing that John had said.
Sherlock flicked his hair out of his eyes and looked at John openly. “Because you’d have told me not to,” he said. Which was true. He would have.
….Also I looked at your Google search history once, after you’d used my laptop, and his name was on there. So I had to check him out….”
Oh. Of course.
but without saying a single actual word out loud. He picked up the sawn-off baseball bat and held it meaningfully to underline his point, tapping the end of it in his open palm. He did not take his eyes off the other man while he did it.
Sherlock's eyes were the most serious and luminous John had ever seen them. “With every sense I possess, I want this, John. With you.”
While Sherlock was in the shower, John made the bed, got dressed and then shot out  - on the excuse of getting some milk - which they did in fact need, but he also needed to pick up a little something that he had arranged to collect that morning from J. Guiviers, the music shop round the corner.
Greg took another sip and remembered his manners. “Er, shall we go and sit down?” he suggested. He gestured with his glass towards the sitting room next door. “An’ listen, you can call me Greg...if you want…”
Mycroft smiled at the sight. He had never really felt the urge to smoke first thing in the morning on waking, even when he
He could say it had never crossed his mind, and maybe that was sort of true of his waking mind, of his conscious thought, but it had been in his heart and his dreams for years.
The comparison of Greg’s tanned skin with the black jersey trunks he was wearing was incredibly pleasing, and as he slid them down and off and Mycroft saw his tan lines, the paler skin underneath the pants and the prize that awaited him, he felt his heart speed up again.
thought Mycroft. “I don’t, no,” he said calmly, still perusing his menu, as if the thought of Gregory having dinner with someone else here didn’t bother him at all. ‘Well, of course he’s been here before, you fool,’ Mycroft scolded himself tartly, looking down at the menu. ‘How else would he know about the damn place otherwise?’
Sherlock!”
Just because you're like a
So he went back there in his mind.
him a card! John hadn’t bought a card for Sherlock because he hadn’t expected any
liked it....I think I want to make you to say it again...”
“Ok with this?” asked Greg astutely, noticing something going on with Mycroft.
“Oooh, that was fuckin’
Greg stopped moving. He kissed him briefly and came up off him a bit onto his elbows and forearms. “What?’ he said. He was panting.
Sherlock got his phone out of his pocket.
he thought, treasuring every moment.
He even forgave her for shooting him really, because he could see that actually, that incident had been for Mary just like the fall from the roof had been for him. She shot him to save John, possibly it was also to save Sherlock too, but primarily to save John. She did it so John would be safe.
Mycroft smiled. So he’d been right, of course.
He hadn't realised John would be...
Greg didn’t move. Much. He widened his eyes at Mycroft and raised his eyebrows. He was making sure Mycroft had heard the unpleasant remark. He didn’t remove his hand from Mycroft’s and he didn’t throw his weight around. He just turned his head and kept his gaze completely fixed on the man in the blue shirt until he became uncomfortably aware of it. The man quickly became rather restless. It was obvious he now knew that Greg was staring at him, and he fidgeted in his seat, scratching his head vigorously and staring down at his half-full plate, pushing his food around without eating. Greg simply kept calmly staring over, and Mycroft - who knew the value of a bit of well-managed awkward silence to get exactly what he wanted - simply waited equally calmly to see what he would do.
use my stuff for your experiments and
"Any joy?" Lestrade asked abruptly.
Moving head
"Why are you pretending to be Gabriel Peters?" Sherlock asked, confirming John's steadily growing suspicions.
you even want me to tell you exactly what he said anyway? I had already told you he basically just swore a lot. You’d met him, you knew what he was like, you could have guessed
John was smiling back. “Well, ‘till then,” he remarked, as Sherlock nudged him and passed him the scone bag, so that he could carry the larger and heavier parcel of paintings with both his hands free.
What the
"What's his name, anyway, this artist?" asked John suddenly, who had been thinking about some very similar art that he had seen some time before and quite liked.
he sighed weakly.
Sherlock didn’t answer, just knelt on the floor and turned the painting around to examine the back. John went and made the tea, grumpily, and returned a few minutes later with two steaming mugs. "Where do you want yours, then?” he asked, hovering.
“Mmmm,” said Sally, believing that like she believed in fairies. She crossed her arms. “Not a Valentine’s card, then?” she asked, grinning impishly. “Who’s it from, Mrs. Lestrade, requesting a little romantic rendezvous?” She made a face to show she was just winding him up.
But Greg held back. “It’ll stain!” he protested, “And your trousers are expensive!”
"—89 and 91, I think. Apparently the parents were both keen sailors in their day, and they raced boats."
Mycroft was out of sight in Greg’s ensuite, where he was at that moment still busy discreetly mopping up. “I can...if that’s…agreeable?” he said, fairly neutrally.
John smiled back at him too. Then he looked down at the book in his lap and ran his fingers over the roughened back cover, which was sun-bleached from the desert sun and scraped and torn at one corner. He tapped the book thoughtfully on his knee twice, still looking thoughtfully down at it.
Greg knew what to say to that. “It's all so secret I don’t even know which one you’re in!”
“Mmmm,” replied Sherlock, holding his violin and bow together in one hand and running a thumbnail up and down a natural groove in the wood at the edge of the window frame in a way that suggested he had done it many times before. John looked around. It was a very neutral bedroom, plainly decorated with white bedlinen. “Whose bedroom was this?” he asked.
do so;
He stood looking at it for a moment, breathing a bit, and then he marched into the bedroom and stood in the doorway. “Who’s this from?” he asked, calmly, but clearly in a state of slight
Sherlock moved out of the way, and held the door open, and John came in like he was Mycroft’s East Wind itself, like a sombre harbinger of doom, and Sherlock shut the door behind him very quietly and carefully. John’s silent fury was palpable, it tainted the air of the hallway. Walking up the stairs behind him, Sherlock read everything in John's slow, hard, deliberate steps, so that by the time they reached Sherlock's flat, Sherlock already knew what John was going to say.
“Don't try and tell me you missed that bit!” John shot back quickly, and was rewarded with Sherlock bursting into laughter.
he said, quite firmly.  “I wrote two notes.
“Y’mean…” Greg waited, master of suspense. He knew exactly which word he had been going to use.
So, without a word, John moved over to give Sherlock some room, and Sherlock stood up again and turned the duvet back and he slid silently into the bed, the sound of his silk dressing gown sliding on John's rough cotton sheet, and then he brought the duvet back up over them both again. The pain and faintness in John's head had vanished like a dream as soon as Sherlock had sat on his bed. Now all he was aware of in his own body was his heart pounding and the heat of Sherlock next to him. Sherlock was lying on his back, and his shoulder and hip fitted comfortably against the length of John's spine. John had his knees bent up in the foetal position, but he could feel the side of Sherlock's calf hot against the sole of one of his feet. He tried to breathe normally and found it difficult. Sherlock was not, as a rule, given to hugs and shows of affection, and although John was, he was so
“I…I use it to massage my legs sometimes…” Greg added by way of explanation, “…after rugby.”
It wasn't funny but John laughed.
be blackmailed and that that was my final word on the subject.”
In the centre of the room sat a small wooden coffee table with a mosaic tiled inlay, and in the far wall, a set of leaded-light French doors lead out onto the garden via a pebbly little path. These doors were partially obscured by a verdant hanging basket positioned just inside the doors, with ivy fronds, dangling green unidentified stems and some ferny plants overflowing down almost to the floor. Suddenly this living curtain swayed to the side as one of the French doors opened to admit a woman who could only be Clarissa.
That’s what I fancy.’
A little while later, John was again in the sitting room with Sherlock and this time Agatha too, apparently relaxing, having been shooed out of the kitchen again by Lucia so she and Siger could have space to work. Sherlock was tearing strips of newspaper, screwing them up and and feeding them to the fire. Agatha was unusually quiet as she was listening to the cricket highlights in Australia via headphones attached to her phone. Every so often she would let out a snort or quiet curse at the score. John was just about to ask Sherlock something about the case they had been working on just before Christmas, when Lucia came into the room, ruffling her hair one-handed in a way which (strangely) also reminded John of Sherlock.
differently to how everyone else saw him, and then, Sherlock began to see
Greg, in his turn, loved making his friends laugh. He would work out their sense of humour quite quickly and then simply key into it. Sometimes it took a while, but it hadn't with Mycroft. Mycroft he had found as easy as pie. With Mycroft, Greg had soon realised, he just needed to be himself.
countered his mind quickly,
But Sherlock didn't want John to be thinking about Mary now, not in any way, shape or form, and so he closed his hand firmly over John's. John looked up at him.
about John. Oh, how it was
Then he gasped jaggedly as Greg suddenly pushed himself up a bit higher on the bed with his toes and moved across over Mycroft more, altering the position of his pelvis to press fully against him and finally his lovely cock swept and slid against Mycroft’s, full length.
vaguely heart-shaped for Sherlock, it was their first Valentine’s Day together—but then a thought struck him - Sherlock, earlier - surely
more than friends or colleagues. Sometimes they didn't say anything about that assumption, sometimes they did. Whether they did or whether they didn't, Sherlock never corrected them.
“ ‘Distracted?’ By what?! You were grappling with a known drug dealer and violent gang member. Distracted by what? A score for a midnight sonata?" John was irrationally angry that Sherlock had been injured because he hadn't been paying attention. John had been standing on the kerb with his hand out automatically anyway, just in case a cab went past when he wasn't looking. At that moment, a black cab pulled up alongside them, much to the annoyance of the other drivers behind it who immediately began an enthusiastic chorus of impatient bibbing. "Get in," ordered John.
Sherlock, also somewhat prone to that sort of behaviour, didn't comment on that. He took the mug absentmindedly, but didn’t drink yet. “He’s in his mid-to-late fifties, John," he said seriously. "And yes, well, anyway, that was the last time anyone associated with the gallery heard of him - that was five days ago. You saying the very same words as the gallery owner put me in mind of something else that she’d said, that was all. Anyway. She’s panicking. She needs those four missing paintings to complete the exhibition - she’s already listed them in her brochure - and she would also like to know that nothing untoward has happened to her artist as he’s not answering his phone or emails.” He took a big sip of his tea.
“Yes, I did!” he said, standing up from putting his mince pies in the oven. “And that damned Zsa-Zsa nearly had my eye out!" He laughed, but somewhat nervously, John thought.
He left the chocolate where it was and picked up the scarf with a broad sweet smile on his face. It was just as lovely to touch as it was to look at. It was a soft woollen-cashmere mix; and on closer inspection, he found that although at first glance it appeared to be a dark-navy blue, what could only be appreciated up close was that it was also shot through with charcoal and lighter midnight-blue threads, and that the rich fabric contained other glimpses of an almost luminescent bright royal-blue colour. It felt truly luxurious, and had that wonderful warm wool smell that John liked so much. Running it through his hands he also noticed whose the fully-woven-and-sewn-in maker’s label was. It was Gieves and Hawkes…one of Sherlock’s Savile Row tailors.
Sherlock looked at him but didn't ask what for. He just frowned. “You’ve only just got back,” he said.
Gregory was referring to. Like a match to dynamite, Greg bent and lit the fuse. “What I said earlier...” he began, “are you still...d’you still wanna...?” he tipped his head to indicate the direction of the stairs. He lifted his eyebrows and smiled.
Sherlock was quiet, but it was a different sort of quiet from before, John thought. he could tell the difference now between grumpy-quiet and thinking-quiet, mind-palace-quiet and putting-together-a-case quiet. ‘The many Quiets of Sherlock Holmes,’ he thought, smiling to himself.
It was a quick walk to the station from Gabriella’s and they made the train with around four minutes to spare. It pulled into the station bang on time almost the moment they stepped out onto the platform. It had got very dark very quickly, and while John had already thought it had turned quite cold while they had been inside at Gabriella’s and Clarissa’s; it seemed to have got colder still on the walk back to the train station. John was very grateful to get off the exposed platform and step up on to the relatively much warmer train. It was a very quiet train too, being so late on a Sunday afternoon in January; though the first carriage they got on to had a couple of noisy families with small children, so they walked back along the train’s length to find an empty carriage. The darkness outside and the now empty platform seemed to press against the glass and the brightly lit carriages, strangely making John’s good mood slip a little.
Sherlock pulled a face.  John knew that it was at his use of the word
“Mmm—
“What about - ‘You’re welcome, happy Valentine’s Day, now do try not to mess it up’?”
So he had said, "Stay exactly where you are, John," and held up his hand, but his hand betrayed his thoughts and he realised as he did it, that his hand was not a flat palm warding John off, commanding him to stay back, to stop; in reality, his hand was reaching out, fingers outstretched, his hand was saying saying,
"What was it this time? I thought you were just doing research today."
Mycroft looked at him and melted. “Yes,” he said, “I’d like to,” before he even knew he was going to say it.
He was playing one of his most difficult pieces, staring mindlessly at the latest cold case evidence and crime scene photos that he had pinned up on the only blank wall, getting irritated at the jump from
Greg grinned up at him and looked into his eyes. His hands moved up again to Mycroft’s hips and now he pushed Mycroft backwards slightly and slid slowly forwards off the bed, to land surprisingly lightly with one knee either side of Mycroft’s feet. Without looking away, he brought his fingers round to the open fly of Mycroft’s trousers and the top of his underwear and, lifting them away from his skin, began to slide the both of them down as one over his lover’s lean hips.
Greg tilted his mouth up to Mycroft’s ear and paused. “It’s really—ahh, do you want me to say it?” he whispered, his voice and still posture both heavily charged.
Hastily John said, “Look, don’t get me wrong - I really like my card! It’s perfect. Thank you.”
It was a full six weeks before the next one.
seat though. But just as he began to move, the commotion from the front of the house grew louder as it spilled through from the hallway and into the kitchen next door.
John saw that Sherlock was annoyed now, so he attempted to make a joke to smooth the sudden atmosphere. “So are you getting these injuries on purpose for a bit of special attention?” asked John from the kitchen, rummaging in the freezer and half-smiling as he spoke.
Sherlock didn't answer but he looked away. Then he said, "Distracted for a second."
“Neck feeling better, then?” asked John, a wicked glint in his eye.
Mycroft Holmes was fully versed on all the delicate nuances of human flirting behaviour, and he knew how to utilise them, if he wanted to. It was just that he hadn’t wanted to in such a very long time indeed. However, he wanted to now. He really wanted to now. He warmed up his rusty flirting muscles with a twitch of his eyebrow and a slight lift to the side of his mouth. Then he really went for it. “We are
he thought in frustration.
Who was Constantine? A friend of Angelo’s? The name was oddly familiar.
When they stopped to breathe, John, who never talked about feelings, wanted to tell Sherlock how strongly he felt. “Sherlock, this is…I’ve—I don't think I've ever felt this…
Lucia had been fast with her make up and hair repairs, and had got back downstairs before them. When she heard them talking, coming down the stairs, she came out of the kitchen with her sleeves tidily rolled up, a tea towel draped over one arm, and carrying a plate of delicious smelling hot canapés to offer them. Sherlock refused, but John cheerfully selected a prawn one, and then she handed the plate to Sherlock and pressed it firmly into his hands. Now he was back, she was quite obviously en route to another mission.
"What?" asked John, not generally being able to read minds the way Sherlock could.
A few hours later, he had sat down again at his laptop to try and finish writing up the blog. He really wasn’t enjoying this one. This case was being so reluctant to write up for some reason. Even though he’d already gone away and come back to it several times over the last few days, it still just wouldn't come together. Reading it through, it seemed almost quite dull and yet, it really shouldn't be; it was a truly tabloid-sensational case of in-family blackmail, and it contained embezzlement and intrigue and fraud and it had a very unlikable perpetrator. But John found his writing on this one just wouldn't flow - what with all the financial jargon and legal issues…as he read it back, the blog just sounded like a problem page from the Financial Times, and the perpetrator just sounded suspiciously like some kind of dubious, made-up pantomime villain. It was annoying. He and Sherlock hadn't spoken a single word since the cup argument that morning, but really, he had been feeling strained and a bit pissed off before that anyway. They hadn’t been getting on very well lately. The atmosphere in the flat hadn't been all that great for quite a while. At the moment you could cut it with a spoon.
Greg padded downstairs naked and was back up again almost immediately with the nearly empty - and rather worse for wear - packet of cigarettes in his hand. Mycroft had already drunk more than a third of his tea while Greg was gone, and as he re-entered the room, Mycroft leaned across and replaced the mug on the tray for a moment's break. Greg sat down on the edge of the bed, his back to Mycroft, his feet on the floor - as Mycroft lay back down on his side behind him, head resting up on one bent elbow again. His mouth was pleasantly hot from the much needed perfect tea. He was warm in this lovely bed. His vision was filled with Gregory Lestrade’s naked back. This was….
John had to stop everything and listen. He could not have carried on reading if his life had depended on it. He closed the book, his finger marking his page, and listened. When the piece of music finally ended and the last note had faded, it seemed to John like the silence suddenly rushed in to fill the space the music had created. Then the ceiling creaked softly directly overhead as Sherlock moved away from where he was standing in the room above, and John wanted to call up to him, ‘Play something else!’ but he didn't like to shout out like that in someone else's house. Then John heard Sherlock talking quietly to his mother, who was also upstairs, though he couldn't hear what was said. A moment later, Sherlock came down the wooden stairs, which were old oak and creaked comfortingly with every step. He stood in the sitting room doorway and said to John, "Mother said to tell you your room's ready if you want to unpack." The violin and bow still dangled elegantly from his hands. John obediently laid his book down on the chair, and went and retrieved his small overnight bag from the hallway, where he'd left it when he first arrived. Sherlock leaned against the doorjamb in the sitting room doorway, picking out discordant notes and waited for him to go and get it, and then he lead the way upstairs to show John to the room that would be his.
“Er…right, ok…yeah, sorry,” the man said hurriedly and turned back to the woman he was with, who was clearly embarrassed and possibly furious. She had put her knife and fork aside, though her meal was also only half-finished, and she appeared to be looking around for a waiter. When one came over, she murmured something to him and before Mycroft knew it, she was asking for the bill. Greg turned his full attention back to Mycroft and smiled. “Now, where were we?” he asked, pleasantly.
And John’s world had turned upside down and smacked him straight across the face again.
“Knowledge is always power with you two, eh?” said John, shaking his head and smiling, once again seeing the whole Holmes-brothers power play laid bare before him. Casually - but having a pretty good idea of the answer - John leaned back against the doorframe and asked, “So why didn’t you tell me what you were up to?”
Within a few hot, gasped moments, they were both nearing their climax, and it was Greg who growled, “Oh God, I wanna see you come first,” his voice rough and forceful, his fist tight on Mycroft’s flesh, his body almost as close as he could get and still do what they were both so intent on doing. And something in Mycroft had gone irreversibly past the boundary and so he was no longer fully in control of himself when he whispered, “Oh, yes, Gregory, yes…I’m so very—” and at his brokenly gasped words, Greg gripped him hard with his thigh and swiftly shoved their hips closer together, and at that moment, Mycroft felt himself begin to experience such an explosive orgasm that he actually cried out. “Oh! Oh, God,
"We need to think like him," Sherlock said suddenly, putting his mug down on the floor and standing up. "He was offended, he was angry, where would he go?"
John stopped laughing eventually and looked at him with the laughter still lighting up his face. “Christ! I can't truthfully say that
“Yes, a very funny thing to do, thank you for that little slice of amusement, Mother,” Sherlock commented drily, looking at it.
up! If the trust had been in
As he stepped into the kitchen, Lucia saw him first and said clearly, purely for Agatha's benefit, “Oh, and here's John!”
“I’m afraid I don’t know, sir. It was left at the front desk,” Anthea replied. “It’s been checked for…you know...
Mycroft balled up his tissue and arched backwards to drop it neatly into the woven wastepaper basket that Greg had stowed under the bedside cabinet. “Oh God, no, delicious though it was, I shall be nothing more than a wet dishrag in the morning if I do,” he said, coming back up onto his elbow again, resting his face on his palm to smile softly at Greg.
Now Greg laughed, long and hard and joyous. “Ooh, you’re one smooth hot bastard, aren’t yer…yer know that, don’t yer?” he said, and now Mycroft pushed him up and off further,  and slipped out from underneath, manoeuvring Greg expertly over onto his back as he did so. Greg allowed all of it, his hands on and moving down Mycroft’s own long back for a change as he and Mycroft switched position, Mycroft now looming above him on all fours in the semi-darkness.
smoke, but suddenly, watching Gregory enjoy his cigarette, he really wanted one now. He was torn between watching from a distance and appreciating the way the soft sunlight shone on his tanned skin, and getting up to join him.
There was no name at the bottom.
If it doesn’t move at all, it means ‘Cold fish’…” He looked up at the table. “…Are we all ok with that?”
Now Sherlock turned round slightly more towards John and John absolutely did not glance down at his bare chest and stomach. He kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock's face. And Sherlock was looking at him. "Were you with her long?" he asked casually.
John snorted again, this time in disdain. “Oh yeah, totally different!” he said sarcastically, grinning.
he’d said. Too busy studying Gregory’s beautiful eyes, the way a lock of his silver hair fell forward and was swept back repeatedly. Did he even realise how very…
said Greg, thrilled at the candid admission, and noticing the body language. “Should I let you get a closer look just to make sure?” he grinned again to show he was still teasing.  He put his glass down on the worktop next to him and crossed the kitchen in three short steps, watching Mycroft as he came, the grin still on his face. He stopped in front of Mycroft, who straightened up automatically, uncrossing the supposedly relaxed ankles and standing at his full height,  both feet nervously together. He didn’t quite know what Gregory was going to do - well, he thought he
you had?”
But Sherlock, whether deliberately or not, misunderstood his question and said coolly, "If you like."
‘It’s better than that,’ thought Mycroft gently, looking only at Greg. In the gleam of the moonlight streaming in through the window, he considered the idea that Greg looked like some kind of dramatic Pre-Raphaelite fallen angel from a Millais painting…and the amazing thing about that being that if he was, he was Mycroft’s fallen angel - for tonight at least, but right now, that was all that mattered.
…Oh, great…that’s great!" John spluttered, "So now we're stealing evidence!"
it?” he asked cautiously.
He followed Sherlock up the stairs and they turned left and left again into the bedroom above the sitting room. So Sherlock had been playing his violin in the room that was to be John's, directly above John's head as he sat downstairs. As this thought went through John's mind, Sherlock read it in his usual way and explained, "The sound is very pure in here. It's the wooden panelling on the walls."
John could almost feel the air around them crackling with their intentions.
,' thought John, one-handed shoving Sherlock’s pants and trousers down lower over his lean hips before slamming his body into Sherlock, pressing him tight against the wall, his hand suddenly working on Sherlock as much as Sherlock was working on him. It was almost as if they were masturbating together but had lost track of whose hand was on whose cock. And John had been absolutely startlingly spot on about the noise. Who would have thought Sherlock Holmes would be such a vocal lover? John had known that
"Er–nothing. Nothing. N–er, nothing at all."
him!" John exclaimed, wobbling his mug in enthusiasm, "I've–I've actually heard of Gabriel Peters!" He was surprised enough to show his genuine excitement, even though he had only just promised himself in the kitchen while making the tea that he was going to give Sherlock a taste of his own grumpy medicine and show complete and utter disdain for everything that Sherlock said for the rest of the day. However, he had made this promise to himself before - it never lasted very long.
believe it,
John took a deep breath. 'Can't treat angry,' he thought, and he let that breath go, hard. He took his jumper off and began to roll up his shirt sleeves. While he was doing it, he took in a second deep breath through his nose, blew it out through his mouth and sent his anger and embarrassment away with it. "Just sit up straight, but keep your shoulders and neck relaxed," John instructed. "Don't lean against me." Sherlock followed the instructions but didn't speak. John stood behind him, rubbed his hands briskly together for a few moments to make them warm, and then set them gently onto Sherlock's shoulders. Sherlock was silent. John started work. Almost immediately, John could feel Sherlock's muscles begin to respond under the slow, repeated rolling pressure of his thumbs, the flats of his fingers and the heels of his palms. The large trapezius muscles of Sherlock's upper shoulders gradually began to soften and Sherlock took a long, deep breath and let his shoulders drop slightly. "That is...very effective," he murmured after a moment.
… I need to know that you are...completely sure.”
John pleaded, "No. No, Sherlock," and Sherlock realised in the cold wind that his face was wet, and though he had thought for a moment that it was from Moriarty's blood, or rain, he realised then it wasn't; it was from his tears. And this time they were no act.
On the way downstairs, Sherlock told John that before special event dinners like this one, his family always had drinks in the sitting room.
(See the end of the chapter for
{grins manically and sits back}
“You are!” said John cheerfully, as she started to get up.
Maybe you forgot what you went in there for. That's all."
"Now you, John!” said Agatha, excitedly, as Sherlock silently held out his palm to John for John to take the fish.
At that moment, Mycroft came through from the kitchen to join them. John was sure he’d heard a hissed, “For God’s sake, don’t mention the golf…” from Siger just before he did so, and as Mycroft took his place at the table, John picked up the water jug to offer to fill Mycroft’s glass.
John’s crying was easing, his chest hurt and his throat hurt and his eyes were swollen. He hadn't cried like that since he was a child. But now he felt completely cleansed. Wrung out and exhausted, but free. He felt
John’s reply to that was to abruptly close the gap between them, letting go of Sherlock’s hand to sweep his own hand up the side of Sherlock’s face and cup the back of his head. At the same time, he came up quickly onto the balls of his feet, in a perfectly orchestrated movement to reach Sherlock’s mouth with his own. His other hand slid through Sherlock’s hair and down his neck as they kissed again passionately. The feel of Sherlock’s bare skin against his own was still unbelievably sensual. It was all so different to everything that John was used to, but John found himself revelling in the difference.
Gabriel Peters is not a real person, nor is Gabriella Peters, or Clarissa. But I wish the last two both were, I like them a lot. Peter Gabriel is
John had never heard Sherlock swear before - not like
His tea, when he tasted it, was perfect. And there was a reason why Greg had brought his phone up on the tea tray. “Excuse me a sec,” Greg said, putting down his mostly full mug and picking the phone up. He waggled it a little. “I’ve just gotta text my rugby mates to say I’m gonna give training a miss today.”
“Yeah! I just popped over there yesterday morning after I’d been to Tesco’s. When you were putting the shopping away. I had to go back again today because he had to order the strings in for me for this morning from their other shop…” he pointed at the fabric ball of rosin. “And I got the dark rosin rather than the light one because Oliver said you’d bought that one last time, and you’d previously bought it more than once, but it was a couple of months ago….And I liked the colour of the fabric wrap as well, so—” then he shut up and waited for Sherlock to unwrap it and smell it, as John knew he would; he clearly loved the smell of the rosins he used because John often caught him sniffing them before he used them.
The National Trust: If a building or structure is Grade II listed, it means it has protection from being demolished, significantly altered or developed, due to its irreplaceable historic value. The National Trust is a real organisation in the U.K. that preserves such historic buildings, gardens and land for the future, and has many Grade II listed buildings on its books, but the fisherman's shed and the pier I mention only exist in my mind. (In the U.S., the National Trust exists but it is known as The Royal Oak.)
I was grateful to her for saving me, I became really fond of her, but she could never be...I never loved her like I loved..." and here he stopped and closed his mouth like a trap, and looked forcefully at Sherlock, and Sherlock was struck suddenly that John looked at him now exactly like he had in the restaurant with Mary, when Sherlock had appeared at their table - alive after all and full of the joy of
"Just that. Did you scream when you were shot or did you not?"
“The one with the splinters…” said Sherlock neutrally, sitting down in the chair opposite John, next to his pile of potatoes. Belatedly, he pulled off his scarf and twisted around to drape it over the chair back behind him.
This was far from the first time John had seen Sherlock half undressed, and he'd seen him in nothing more than a sheet plenty of times, both at home and even at the palace, but this was different somehow.
John answered automatically, mind whirling. "Er, yeah, well, a Stanley knife in the chest is possibly preferable to one in the neck, that’s…that’s true.” He sounded a bit sarcastic, but internally he was all emotions at once. He looked at his friend and thought, ‘I'm angry with you because you let yourself get hurt because you were distracted.  But now I find out that the reason you were distracted is because you thought
Ah, Christmas crackers! A great British tradition!
John snorted in amusement. “Oh yeah, I think we can safely say that things have
John stood and breathed for a while, saying nothing, staring at their two empty chairs, and Sherlock, at his back, saw his anger, his fury, his rage and then finally his heartbreak rolling through him in violent waves as he stood there silently, unmoving. Then John went over to his chair, pulled it back gently, and sat down in it carefully. Like he was fragile, like he might break.
Just as gorgeous as he always did; whether that was neatly groomed and so handsome and smart in his suit and tie as he had last night at the restaurant, or simply - after the
“Oh! Bugger, was that the last thing you wrote?” John asked, grabbing the milk to put it straight in the fridge. “I couldn't decipher it. It looked a bit like ‘cat food’ but I didn’t think it was that. I tried ringing you but you didn't answer.”
thought Mycroft,
useful in between all the swearing that I can use in the blog!"
he'd bugled further;
John was flabbergasted by these placidly made revelations. “It’s by your foot. But they’ll have realised as soon as they spoke to each other that neither of them had anything to do with organising it—"
“No, I...I don’t,” he said, and then he added, “On the contrary...I rather...I
John placed the fish carefully onto Sherlock's palm and they all watched with what felt like bated breath to see what the fish would do.
"So. We're going looking for a grown adult who may have stormed off in a tantrum and is now in a mood," stated John baldly, his irritation at Sherlock and his incredulity over what sounded like a ridiculous case showing plainly in his voice.
John tried to think and answer the question. It was an odd request, but no odder than most of Sherlock's odd requests.
Agatha!” she bawled, rather too loudly. “And so
John smiled and was about to answer in the positive when Sherlock, who had grown tired of this very civilised exchange and felt he hadn't even had a chance to speak to John yet, snapped, "Yes, yes, yes, all well, we're all very well. Any news, John? There's absolutely no phone reception up here."
in the sack.” The smile that rose up across his face then was as beatific a one as any Renaissance painting Mycroft had ever seen. Mycroft had been thinking far more romantic-poet thoughts about the experience than the one Greg had just voiced, but he laughed. “Well, thank you. I think,” he said, but he was unoffended, unabashed, utterly charmed.
now?!’
was rather a long time ago, he mused.
‘That’s Sherlock all over,’ thought John. He smiled at the thought.  ‘He's such a mass of contradictions...Life with him could never get boring, and don’t I just love knowing that?'
John had his eyebrows up but he was listening intently, so Sherlock continued. “...We don’t have a case on right now. I was bored. I needed something to do last week so I started thinking about it.” He paused and looked mischievous. “Besides, when I thought about the idea of writing the notes, the moment was appropriate…" He leaned forwards in the bed and added, "...Speaking of which—”
Then the voice of his subconscious softened, because it knew it had to tread carefully; it knew by now what it was treading on.
‘Well,’ thought John, ‘he's done a perfectly good job on his own…
“Well go on then, if you're not a machine - tell
“He’s definitely that!” he remarked, amused by the very descriptive word for Sherlock.
do! Don’t tell him, will you? Let him find it.”
Lucia caught Sherlock’s eye and raised her eyebrows. “Go on, off you pop…I want the table for my pastry,” she said to him firmly, and so he stood up grudgingly from the table to leave the room.
He raised the newspaper again to hide his face from John and get some privacy so he could think about this. He had to examine it.
He’d been a little worried downstairs about how this first morning-after moment with the British Secret Service would go. “So, what’s yer poison, tea or coffee?” he asked, relieved, still smiling, shoving his hands in his dressing gown pockets.
“Right!” John said encouragingly to Agatha, about the cricket, hoping that was the correct response. It seemed it was. Agatha carried on, oblivious. “But he’s got a devious googly,” she added cryptically, as she topped up her still two-thirds-full wine glass, “they can’t pick him at all!”
"I loved these, when I was little," explained John. "The stupid thing is, I still do. It's by far the best prize! It’s definitely the most fun!"
he thought, sipping his wine.
sorry, I forgot! It has been a year!
he thought, in something like wonderment. He rolled from his side onto his back, logging the fact that he was naked…
replied his internal voice sarcastically.
“Where have you been?” asked Lucia, frowning disapprovingly, “I need peelers! Lucky John offered…
“Well, come on then, what did he actually
true, thought John, but Sherlock was showing no sign of stopping yet.) “…The bottom edge of the spine is scuffed from repeated pressure and rubbing against a rough surface…” Sherlock continued, “…most likely fabric, given by the slight grey/blue staining, so no doubt you frequently rest it against your knee for support as you read it.” He gestured vaguely at the book which John still held loosely on his lap, on top of the bag of scones. “… And if that isn’t enough, along with the three biscuit crumbs in the crease of that page, there is a minute smear of raspberry jam near the page number at the bottom right - you’d wiped it off but I could see the shine on the page - that’s from the edge of your thumb where you held the book open with your right hand, resting the bottom edge of the spine on your knee, no doubt while you held your mug and drank your tea with the your left hand while you read.”
because it has basically been a right bastard for me to write. Only because I’ve been writing it for nearly a year, on and off. I don’t even know why it's taken me so long. And I don’t know whether to apologise for this or not, but I hope the fact that it is an 8,816 word sex-scene will make up for the length of time it has taken me to write and publish it.
Greg smirked at him a moment later as he sat back down and put the new toast slices he’d just got from the toaster into the little tea-towel covered basket on the table. “No, I was thinkin’…" he said, "y’know, like Judi Dench?…James Bond?’
John turned back to face him. "You
he thought, echoing her words, still looking awkwardly at Sherlock, and like a mental door softly closing, he simply stopped feeling embarrassed and awkward.
Then Sherlock's tongue touched John's ear in a small seductive lick and John could have kicked himself for it, but a moan escaped him.
Stay with me... 😌
For once, just John had a case; a unusual case all by himself. Unfortunately though, it was a case of writer’s block. Usually, the writing up of their most recent case for the blog was almost an easy pleasure, a form of mindful therapy in choosing the right words and expressing himself. With his dictionary, thesaurus and google by his side, and making sure to add a bit of humour or drama where necessary to make it more interesting, the writing usually came easily - and if it didn't, he would wait a while and come back to it when he'd had a bit of a think, and then it would - but writing up this case was proving annoyingly difficult. He read back through the last few sentences he’d written and then deleted them in disgust. What really wasn’t helping his state of mind much either was that he was still really pissed off about what had happened earlier that morning.
"Nothing," Sherlock replied and went upstairs.
Mycroft didn’t need to look at the menu. He’d already decided. “The creme brûlée here is to die for. Really,” he said, with a smile. Gregory perused the dessert menu thoughtfully. He blew out his cheeks and frowned a little. “Well…d’you know, I normally would, but I’m so stuffed after that duck,” he said. “Could I just…‘ave a little taste of yours?” Sharing food in a restaurant was not something Mycroft would ever dream of doing…at least, it was not something he had ever
he said, interrupting incredulously. “Why is
it was not.
Ok, my sweets, just to pre-warn you - this chapter starts with some of the graphic canon events of The Reichenbach Fall, and what happened in canon immediately afterwards, so be prepared.
And so he said goodbye to John, threw the phone aside, saw and heard John below shouting
“Oh, are we dressing for dinner?” he asked, slightly aghast, glancing over at Sherlock, who only looked back at him rather blankly. “Ah…I haven’t brought any smart clothes,” John continued, “I’ve only got really casual things with me.”
…John, you mean...very much to me," Sherlock finally said, carefully.
silver hair. Getting braver, Mycroft wove his fingers through and into it and made a tight fist in one hand, the sensation making Greg rumble his pleasure wordlessly in his throat. From high above him, Mycroft whispered Gregory’s name in response and gasped and moaned softly. He did all of these things over and over again, watching everything that Greg was doing entranced; almost unable to take his eyes away from the sight. Greg’s tongue and breath on his flesh were hot as sin, hot as fire. He didn’t say a single word, but he worked his hands and lips and tongue on Mycroft’s cock and on his bollocks like he was worshipping his lover’s body with his mouth. And if that was his intention, then Mycroft indeed felt truly worshipped.
Lucia had just finished peeling and then chopping her small mountain of parsnips and now she began collecting them all, separating peelings from vegetables into two large Pyrex bowls. “Oh yes!” she exclaimed, as she did it. “Do you remember those bloody great knives Rudy gave you both? I was so annoyed with him, giving those to you and Mycroft!” She stopped what she was doing suddenly as she remembered something. “You were challenging Mycroft to a sword-fight with it - a fight to the death, you were saying - when I came into the room one day, and I jolly well had to take it away from you after that! It was a ridiculous thing to give to a four year old anyway! So irresponsible of him!”
, not in the slightest bit, like Sherlock.
“Really? Oh, that’s...that’s good,” said Greg. “I...erm...I like saying it...you know... sometimes.”
This was
“Oh yeah,” Greg said, "oh fuck
she said enthusiastically, like he’d just kindly offered her one. As he walked through into the kitchen to do it she added over her shoulder, “Oh yes please, a double would be fine, Sherlock!”  - as if he’d offered that too, John thought. He heard Siger laughing from the kitchen.
"I think I just–I just wanted to...I just..." John took a deep breath and confessed. “Oh, come on - I was annoyed with you and you were being annoying. I just wanted to make you tell me - mostly because you seemed so reluctant to do it. I
Greg mumbled, the string of words indistinct, spoken as they were through his slightly gritted teeth. Greg pressed himself more firmly against Mycroft. “If you’re going to be saying it like
sort of voice, “I can hear every
come from you!” and Sherlock’s laughter as he typed it out followed John all the way into the kitchen.
The Holmes men had a knack of dressing and undressing that appeared as if they had been taught to do it as an elegant coordination of definite movements, rather than just as a necessary daily action. Mycroft drew his suit jacket off slowly as Greg stood still, holding Mycroft’s empty glass, and simply watched him. He made no pretence that he wasn’t enjoying every moment as Mycroft manoeuvred his long, lean body gracefully out of the garment, sliding it down off first one arm and then the other, and only when he’d completely removed it and draped the jacket over one forearm to brush the creases out, did Greg put the empty glass down, hold his hand out for the jacket and say, “Yours should go on a hanger. I’ll hang it up for yer.” It was clear that Mycroft’s jacket was without a doubt a little more upmarket than Marks and Sparks’s finest Autograph range, as Greg’s was.
Sherlock put the newspaper down on the table. "You want me to tell you exactly what he said? Use the actual words he used?”
"So, I decided to take over. I’ve always been the sensible one…Gab was always the dreamer! Anyway, I paid off his debts by selling our parents’ house. They had left it to us equally when they died, and I was still living there at that time, but I really didn't want to live there anymore, and nor did he…we were due half the money each, but he was so in debt, he'd already gambled away almost all of what would have been his inheritance.” She scratched her ear, looking slightly saddened as she remembered the event. "He was sorry, but he said he just couldn't help himself." John found himself nodding with understanding. Just another kind of addiction, just another addict in the family, desperate for a fix.
she laughed, balling up the tea towel and throwing it at his face. “Out!” she ordered as she threw it, and Sherlock flinched but reached out and caught the tea towel before it could make contact. He grinned at her and set it back on the table, still smirking at his mother - neither of them having taken any offence to the other at all. To John she politely said, “You two go and relax next door, John, Sherlock’s going to light the fire…aren’t you, darling?”
pop back into the evidence room with Anderson?" he shot loudly after her. She turned back and in four quick strides, rounded on him like a rising cobra. “You filthy pervert!” she spat, pointing viciously at him, but she kept her voice low so as not to be overheard. "You were just spying on us, weren't you?"
“—Chemistry sets?” interrupted Sherlock frostily, in a voice of pure scathing sarcasm.
Sherlock and Mycroft came into the room while she was talking - still bickering quietly in the doorway, John noted, despite their lowered voices. Mycroft had entered the room first, and John glanced up at him to throw him a wry
Mycroft amended - and with noticeably more toned musculature on the parts that counted. He had really lovely legs. “And he likes
Sherlock!…” He paused, breathing hard, glaring at Sherlock. Sherlock didn’t move, simply stared back at him. “I thought you were
“Oh, don’t worry, I know, John," she had said, gently. "And even if you think you don't, you do too. You know exactly what I’m talking about.” She'd wiped her eyes with her sleeve. Now she was quiet and deathly calm; all her earlier guilty crying and asking for his understanding and forgiveness - she had asked him even as she had packed her bag - had passed. Like water passing under the bridge, he thought. She shook her arm out of his grip and said firmly, "Go to Sherlock, John. Just go to Sherlock and see if he can tell you what you already know." She almost said it kindly. And then she simply got into the back of the taxi, setting her bag on the seat beside her, and shut the door, leaving him standing alone on the pavement.
When they discovered the bomb on the underground train and Sherlock had said he couldn't defuse it, John had thought at that moment that they were truly going to die down there. That this time, Death had
John recognised this was polite code for
growled Greg comically, greatly amused but also extremely turned on by Mycroft’s expert manhandling skills. “D’you think there’s an opportunity for some job-sharin’ here...?”
John looked at the picture again. It had looked strangely familiar, somehow...and suddenly he realised why. "Sherlock, that picture - it looks like somewhere I used to know...
"Boating accident! How old were they? If Gabriel Peters is in his mid to late fifties they must have been—"
Mycroft could never have dreamt that such a deeply intimate experience could
And anyway, he thought, was he really going to intrude on such a beautiful moment? Tickets could wait. So Ian let his hand drop from the door button un-pressed and turned around to walk silently back up the train the way he’d come. ‘Plenty of time to check their tickets later, when they eventually came up for air,’ he surmised. He shook his head, smiled a wry little happy smile at the heart-warming nature of love and carried on walking.
They stared at each other. Then Sherlock stood up from his chair slowly to speak and John straightened and braced himself for whatever was coming; feet together, his hands now making neat controlled fists by his sides without even thinking about it. Sherlock standing up like that meant that it was serious.
John shrugged. "Oh, you know. Everything. The government. The Queen."
with the words said in his own voice came back into his head and it revolved around a bit. And it kept revolving. Oh, it was so
move along, the artist sighed heavily and to emphasise that the conversation was over, she took up her brush from the easel again, lifting the palette in her other hand, and went back to stippling the sunlight reflected off the water and the mudflats in her painting.
“Still yes?" he asked. There was a tiny ghost of a smile on John's lips as he spoke.
Greg did something with his own mouth then; not quite a grin, not quite a smirk, not quite a licking of his lips, but coupled with those deep brown, serious and sultry eyes of his it was a masterclass in the art of flirtation via a single, complex facial expression. Greg’s face said, “Oh, I think I
Because of it. In getting to know you.” He didn’t even sound like himself. To his great surprise, he found it actually rather liberating to be so completely honest.
as you put it….” he looked around him on the bed, moving the crumpled duvet and bedspread aside. “Where’s my phone gone?”
and Sherlock had despaired, and had to talk to Lestrade and be clever in front of John and explain that obviously it was death caused by lightning, specifically a cardiac arrest caused by splash lightning to the victim as the lightning strike had hit the tree while the victim was up it. Sherlock predicted (correctly) that the victim would display the characteristic Lichtenberg figures ("commonly known as 'lightning flowers’”) on the chest and neck where skin capillaries ruptured due to the electrical discharge, and he then indicated the places where the bark had been blown off the trunk of the tree, where the sap vaporised as the current found its way to the ground. Then he had started asking the many dog walkers and runners who were conveniently milling about nearby, and all pretending not to notice the crime scene tape, if they had seen anything, and one who was walking past said helpfully that she thought she had seen a lightning strike hit somewhere in the park from her bedroom window, very early that morning, during the storm,
Now Greg laughed afresh at Mycroft’s joke. “You’re on!” he yelped, laughing. “I’ll get one made up!”
So Sherlock had smiled, enjoying John's scandalised face, his amusement and his obvious admiration, and had said on impulse, “Well, you know I do love shocking you, John.”
He looked at her retreating back. He thought about John saying to him, "Why do you let her speak to you like that? Like you're nothing?" At the time, Sherlock had shrugged, uncaring, but this time John's words resounded in his head.
He was better at reading Sherlock now, he was better than anyone else on Earth - but he had never seen the look on Sherlock's face that he saw on it then.
“Well. I think we both know why we are here,” Mycroft said steadily, thinking of what Greg had written.
Mycroft was acutely embarrassed at his slip and grabbed for the offered handle of control.
Sherlock had found (or not found) what he was looking for on his phone. He dropped it back on the duvet. “Last night,” he said. He yawned again. “Any of that coffee left?” he said casually through the yawn.
Sherlock unbuttoned the top of his shirt. As he did so, he said, "Don't fuss, John, it's only a flesh wound, it's nothing." He pulled the shirt open to expose the wound. His shirt was stuck to his skin with the blood. Below the pale ridge of Sherlock's left clavicle was a short, deep, diagonal cut, gently oozing dark blood. It was almost half the width of a Stanley blade. It wasn't massive, but it wasn't nothing. John didn't know how deep it was and he didn't like it. "Stab or cut?" John asked fiercely.
John made a small snort of amusement. Sherlock looked over at him but didn't ask what it said.
"I'm not most doctors," John said, and smiled.
John poured himself a cup and went to sit down at the table. Just as the rim of John's cup touched his lower lip, Sherlock said quickly and decisively, "There's something we need to talk about."
“It’s always agonising,” Sherlock warned him, which made John smile again.
version of normality. Clearly she shared John’s feelings about it too -it was just
“Nonsense!” retorted Lucia briskly but cheerfully, putting the jug down on the centre of the table. “Let’s use them up!” she ordered, as Siger passed her the depleted Christmas cracker box and took the large serving plate back from Mycroft to carry on with the rest of the table. Lucia cradled the huge salad bowl in one arm hand and held the cracker box out to Sherlock to take it.
I'm doing this with!’ The thought kept repeating itself, like he still couldn't quite believe this was happening, and as the the idea passed through his brain again, Sherlock lifted his head from the sofa, tilting his face to kiss John softly. When he laid his head back down, Sherlock said nothing and his face was unreadable, but his eyes were sultry and serious.
It would have been funny if it wasn’t so hot, Mycroft thought, his mouth busy, his hands full. Gregory’s thighs were tanned, hairy and extremely muscular...it was delightfully surprising. Mycroft dug his neat nails into them lightly and raked down and Greg moaned in his throat again. “Ohhh
Sherlock was a very good mimic and a natural impressionist, and John knew full well that if Sherlock had wanted to, he could have done a very passable impression of Alex Burson’s voice, and that might have even made it all quite funny - but he
Seeing as he didn't have anything more smart to wear, he just went and appraised himself in the upstairs bathroom mirror. He wished Sherlock had said to bring something smart for the evening, even though they were only staying in. He re-tucked his favourite tattersall checked shirt that he was already wearing, and pulled it flat so it sat nicely. It still looked fairly neat. Not
John shook his head, still smiling. “I won’t, don’t worry,” he said. He saw now that there was something between Sherlock and his mother that he had not suspected, and he realised insightfully that they were actually clearly quite close; even though Sherlock had never shown any indication of it. ‘She understands him,’ thought John, in sudden realisation. There weren't many people who could say that. ‘Something else we have in common,’ he mused, with a trace of the smile still on his face. Lucia caught him smiling and smiled back.
GQ mag = Gentleman’s Quarterly magazine - it’s not what you think; it's a upmarket men’s fashion, news and lifestyle magazine. Some of the underpants advertised in it are hideously expensive. Maybe some of those are the ones Mycroft is wearing. (My version of the magazine has ‘British’ GQ on it so maybe that means there’s an international version too…)
- solid and warm in his arms right now and only
Greg liked Mycroft’s lovely long neck. Had thought about liking it for quite some time. Now he could actually get to it, he burrowed his head down to explore the smooth, sensitive skin directly below his ear, forcing Mycroft to take his weight up on his elbow for Greg to get there. He closed his eyes when Greg used his teeth, but he didn’t actually intend to make any sound at all, so he was surprised when Greg suddenly dropped his mouth away from Mycroft’s skin and said softly, “Fuckin’ ‘ell, Mycroft, when you make that sorta noise it makes me think of…” he stopped short.
John digested that. 'Knowledge is power,' he thought wildly. His head was suddenly pounding again and he felt a bit faint. Maybe it was remembering being shot. Remembering seeing his blood pooling in the dust again as they dragged him backwards, away from his own rifle which Smithy had grabbed up and was using frantically, swearing abuse at the insurgents he was firing at. The noise was as if all the harpies of Hell had been let loose around them. John remembered seeing the trail of blood he was leaving behind him as Murray dragged him back under the line of fire, back to the safety of the foxhole. How very dark red the blood had been, curling a graceful question mark shape in the dust, and how he had watched his useless hand at the end of his suddenly useless arm drag through the blood and the dust and the sand, and bump over a stone. He’d tried to reach round and press the fingers of his other hand against the open mess that had been the back of his left shoulder, to stem the flow of blood, and he'd thought,
"Do you do a lot of scenery?" asked Sherlock, innocently.
Sherlock really didn't like to be coarse, but Donovan was pond life after all.
to tell you—“ his voice was choked with tears and muffled from speaking the words almost directly into Sherlock's shirt, and he said something else then, something that Sherlock couldn’t quite catch - it had sounded a bit like, “I’m glad,” but it couldn’t have been that.
and that fly was a woman. A woman called Mary.
Greg’s mouth had fallen open as Mycroft had started speaking and his eyes had widened dramatically. “Mycroft, that’s exactly what my note said!
Blissfully unaware of his heavenly-gift status in Mycroft’s eyes, Greg ruffled both hands through his hair again and then attractively turned the movement into a good long stretch, fingers interlaced and arms straight up above his head, arching backwards a little. “Mmmm," he said, in satisfaction. He dropped his arms and then he turned his body slightly more to face Mycroft, the stolen cigarette still hanging from his lips. “Right,” he said, around the cigarette, and then he took it out of his mouth. “I’m smokin’ this,”  —he jabbed the cigarette in the air as he spoke— “then I’m makin’ us some more coffee.”
Sherlock, who had stayed seated, snorted air through his nose at this and John had to suppress a smirk at Mycroft's expression. Mycroft looked as disdainful as ever. He frowned delicately. “By
“What?” John repeated. He was still irritable but he could see Sherlock was connecting some dots, somewhere.
John thought about telling people what to do and when he had most had the opportunity of doing so. Suddenly he knew
They barely spoke in the cab on the way home but John’s head was pounding and the air was fill of unsaid words.
he murmured, and bent absently to snatch it up, but then he saw that it was a very short, hand-written note; seemingly not in Sherlock’s handwriting and definitely not in his own.
Isn't it time for some sherry yet? It’s got to be
Like you’d booked it already. So I just…went to meet you! I...I didn’t book it, I didn’t have anything to do with bookin’ the place!”
There was a gust of laughter from the kitchen and then Lucia and Siger both came through to the sitting room and enjoyed some canapés themselves and some drinks and chit chat with their guests before both - as if it had already been agreed - disappearing back into the kitchen to finalise the meal.
Mycroft breathed in again sharply. ‘Get a grip, man,’ he told himself, ‘for Heaven’s sake you’re gasping like a teenage—’ but then Gregory brought his mouth very close to Mycroft’s left ear, deliberately leaning himself across Mycroft’s body to do it. “What else?” he demanded gently, his wandering hand now sliding round towards the back of the prominent bony curve of Mycroft’s hipbone and down and round onto his arse.
He wondered if his ears might be at risk of spontaneous combustion.
"Yeah," called back John, wincing as the force of shouting made his head hurt.
Sometimes Greg Lestrade knew what he really wanted and he just went for it. Now was one of these times. He took a deep breath. “So, what’s a nice guy like you doin’ in a place like this?” he asked with a warm smile, and Mycroft’s awkwardness vanished in a splutter of laughter. “This is the only two star restaurant I frequent,” he answered when he’d stopped laughing. “How did you—” but the bartender was back.
There was something odd about this statement.
Across London, at 221b, Baker Street, it seemed no one had remembered it was Valentine’s Day yet, and there was a discussion going on in two different rooms about the thriller they’d watched the night before. John was moaning about it from the sitting room as he searched in the sideboard drawers for the calculator that he knew they had kicking about somewhere.
Mycroft had been busily stripping the rosemary leaves from the stems, and had just started to snip the leaves into tiny pieces. “I rather like goose,” he said diplomatically.
“Ooh, look! Look, everyone! I got a really lovely hair slide!" announced Lucia, in a pretend-pleased voice. She had put it all together and now clipped it neatly into her hair, tipping her head to one side and bouncing a hand under her ear coquettishly to show it off. It was pale blue plastic with large dark blue flowers moulded onto it. “Oh, now that’s lovely!" said John, jokingly serious,
“—Oh, I know that,” he purred smugly, warmly, filthily. It seemed he had got his breath back.
answered his sarcastic inner voice, which often sounded like Sherlock. He pushed it outside and shut the door on it.
“Yeah, you,” replied Greg, easily. He smiled.  “We don’t know each other, do we?”
But Greg looked up. “He’s in the Fraud Squad,” Greg clarified. “He’s a really good friend of mine. Knows Mike Stamf—“ he stopped. “Do you know Mike Stamford?”
…we're doing
he gasped, almost fiercely.
"You do," John agreed, smiling more broadly, and then he came out of the kitchen to look at Sherlock. Holding the ice pack in one hand and a tea towel in the other, his smile faltered and he said, in a completely different tone, "You
dying inside. Knowing that it was he,
Sherlock stared at John and put the offending cup down on the table carefully and deliberately, still staring at John coldly. He turned the cup around so the word
When Sherlock's back met the wall with a satisfying thud, John immediately pushed his own body hard against Sherlock’s, like he really wanted to do, his hands releasing their grip on the front of Sherlock’s shirt and sliding down from his chest and sides of his stomach to curl his fingers and palms around his friend's lean hips, the pressure of his body against Sherlock becoming a much fiercer and hungrier echo of their earlier embrace. He tipped his head back to reach up to Sherlock's mouth.
That’s Algernon,” he said. “He belonged to Uncle Rudy…apparently…or so he said.”
John couldn't speak anymore then so he kissed instead. They just kissed for a long time and it was full of truths and promises.
The painting that she was working on was striking in its simplicity. It was a detailed study of the shed itself, with the mudflats and water in view just beyond it, and she was remarkably talented at capturing that entrancing golden afternoon light that John so loved. The painting was nowhere near finished yet, but John could already see how good it was going to be.
for dinner,” he corrected, feeling a dropping, slow-dawning horror in his stomach that there was something
Sherlock was completely unfazed. He tossed his phone back down on the bed and stretched. “He may well have done as soon as he spoke to Greg. I’ve no idea how that went, but by then they were already both at Constantine’s, so…" he shrugged. "He didn’t go there knowing it was me who set it all up, that’s for sure…because he didn’t know that I knew about him and Greg…the thought that I might have had anything to do with it wouldn't have crossed his mind. My devious but brilliant plan worked.” And he sat back on the bed looking so bloody smug and pleased with himself.
How many ways can I say this? I just want to hear his explanation in his own words - so I can write about his reasoning behind why he did what he did in a more interesting way! I’m really stuck here—” and he gestured towards the patiently flashing cursor waiting on his screen, “—it sounds so boring at the moment - he must have said
Satisfied, she turned back to Sherlock and continued before he could. “You two solved the forgery case of Leslie Barratt-Gleeson two years ago, didn’t you?” she said quickly.
"Great job," said Lestrade, enthusiastically, "Donovan knows the older guy, his name's Terry Winston. He's also wanted for aggravated burglary and A.B.H as well as handling stolen goods...P.C. Patel has the other one and Dimmock just phoned - he's just picked up the last member of the gang getting off a plane at Stanstead. Where are you, anyway? What d'you run off for?"
John stared at him icily. "Get down on your knees…
John tried not to flap his arms about again. “Oh God, no, you sent them
It was...
thought John, helplessly,
It worked - a bit - Mycroft’s lips curled upwards just the tiniest amount, but he still looked slightly awkward.
what he said.”
Now stop being such a
Sherlock leaned down and kissed him on his laughing mouth - simply because now he could do that. He could do all those things that he’d been thinking about for so long. “I’ve thought about us doing that so many times, John," he said softly, smiling broadly, enjoying John's amusement. It was simply the truth.
"I was. Just happened to get into a minor altercation while I was doing it."
Her face was suddenly comical with surprise, her large eyes went very round. "
I say;
saying it to Sherlock. And this was
hanging in the air.
but he still felt the tiniest wobble of trepidation. He really hoped this wasn't going to end up being the New Year from Hell to match his dreadful Christmas. Christmas with his extended family had been bad enough, with constant atmospheres springing up and frequent barbed comments pretending to be innocent conversation. He wasn’t at all keen on attending another festival of family feuding that he couldn't just casually walk away from, and as an invited guest of Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, casually walking away from this one wouldn't be quite so easy.
What a truly intoxicating combination. Mycroft could never in a million years have
he yelled.
very interested in you, and in getting to know you…” he said, like it was a confession.
He looked at Sherlock, who was reading him carefully even as these thoughts passed through John's head. Knowing this, John smiled and he dived into the unknown. He watched Sherlock's face as he slid his hot palm up to the top of his open shirt, and then his other hand, and then with both hands he popped open the third and fourth and fifth buttons gently, his hands moving slowly downwards, his eyes never leaving Sherlock’s face. Sherlock’s eyes as he watched John’s face were simply mesmerising.
Sherlock had stayed in the pantry. “Sherlock, darling, while you’re in there,” called Lucia, cutting out neat circles of pastry as she spoke, “Could you find me the new pot of—”
Sherlock started to say, “John, thank you, I’m nearly out of rosin and this is…” and then he saw that John had very carefully scratched a little heart on the surface of the rosin tablet with a pin. Sherlock smiled even more, looking down at it, turning it in his palm with his other hand so that the heart faced the right way up. John had thought he’d take the piss about the heart-thing, and immediately after he’d done it, he was a bit embarrassed that it was going too far, but since seeing how Sherlock had gone to so much trouble with getting the scarf, arranging it secretly in that heart shape on the bed, and the thing with the chocolate and the home-made card…well, nothing could be embarrassing now, he thought.
to do and I’m gonna do it unless you tell me not to….”
Mycroft was not often taken aback by things which he had seen as
, but as this problem primarily involved himself first, he would need to go backwards and start from there.
This was new.
Sherlock opened his mouth and after a moment, some words came out of it. "I...I've just worked something out. Something that's...been on my mind for...for some time...I've just realised what it is."
him. Why was that? He never cared whether people
John almost laughed at that with a pure explosive joy. On impulse, he turned his face and almost involuntarily, kissed the side of Sherlock's neck, at the point where his mouth was level, without even thinking about it; he was so glad to have him back. And perversely, suddenly so intensely grateful to Mary that she had both freed him
he thought. A Holmes deducing a Holmes was a sight worth seeing. But if Mycroft gave an acidic response to Sherlock, John missed it, because then Agatha turned to him while walking and - seemingly randomly - asked if he liked dogs. When he said he did generally, yeah, she immediately and enthusiastically started telling him about her two darling fat pugs back home, Bunty and Claude.
really,
“Ahh yeah, anythin’ you wanna do to me…” said Greg,
he hissed loudly in disgust.
Like a weight had been lifted. And he had something that he had just realised, and he had to say it now.
“I don’t think this one’s just a flesh wound. This time it is my heart after all,” said Sherlock, and though his tone was deadly serious, his smile widened.
So - very well, he felt
“Fuck
really like
A few more minutes passed, as Sherlock's muscles gave way under John's hands, and then Sherlock breathed in deeply again through his nose and tipped his head slowly over to the right as he exhaled, to gently stretch his neck. John had been watching him carefully, in the way that someone doing a job looks at the job that they are doing, but as Sherlock tipped his head over like that, the strong band of his left sternocleidomastoid muscle at the side of his throat became very prominent, very exposed, and from where he was standing above it, John noticed afresh the fading pink scar from the Stanley knife. Without thinking, John ran the tips of his fingers lightly down the length of the muscle from behind Sherlock's left ear, to where it attached, down onto his clavicle and sternum, intending to next work on the area around the scar, but as he slid his fingers smoothly down the muscle, Sherlock gasped.
here!”
what he
Mycroft smiled in a bright splash of laughter. “Yes,” he gasped.
John smiled too, amused now, and he dropped his hand from Sherlock's shoulder.  "Aren't you lucky to have me?" he joked.
the dead man's cat
“Of course…” The bartender turned to Greg. “And you, sir, would you like another G&T?…Was the Fevertree tonic to your liking?”
John, ever helpful, offered, "No, no, I don't mind, do you need a hand?" - although from the sound of those cats, he’d really rather not.
and she pointed at an antique hatstand with numerous coat hooks, which was supporting a selection of battered hats and coats. “…And muddy boots—” here she glanced down at their feet and then corrected herself quickly, “—aah–shoes…
He began to want to show off to John and to impress John and he had realised he wanted...he actually wanted John to
obvious they were attracted to each other, but I knew they would never do it on their own and it would take a bit of actual physical intervention from my side to get them going.”
and John, chastened, thought that actually, he really should be friendly and polite here, he was a guest in another family's home, after all. Some best behaviour was required from him too. “Well, good! Good...That’s—that’s good," he said quickly, contrite, “...and you, Mycroft, are you well?" John had never really asked Mycroft that before.
...” he managed, after a breath.
“And I know that too,” said Mycroft suavely, “now, may I?”
He leaned in till their thighs just about touched, resting his left hand on the worktop behind Mycroft as he did so to take his weight - for now, at least - and he lifted his chin to reach.
John shook his head in irritation. “This is not called making sense. What do you mean,
At 7.59 p.m., Mycroft stepped out of the anonymous black cab at the kerb outside Constantine’s. ‘How the hell did Gregory know about Constantine’s?’ he wondered. He certainly hadn’t mentioned the place when they’d been chatting. Mind you, he mused, on second thoughts, he wasn't absolutely sure
Then Gabriella said suddenly, "Well, I –" at the exact same time that Clarissa said, "That's totally …that’s amazing!” again.
It was exactly the right thing to say. She was clearly thrilled to be asked. “Well!” she began brightly, reaching for more wine to top up her glass before it was even empty, “I’ve just been updating my little scorecard! Before we sat down, Broad tried to play across the line to a full Yorker, but got a leading edge and was strangled in the slip cordon—” not following a word of this, John glanced quickly at Sherlock and raised his eyebrows. Sherlock was paying Agatha and the cricket situation absolutely no mind at all and he simply smiled one of his little sideways smiles at John. He was often amused when John was amused, John decided. “—And so he was out for a bloody duck!” Agatha finished, waggling the bottle at them, in an ‘offering more’ fashion. They both held up a hand to refuse it, John’s glass being still practically full and Sherlock not drinking any.
As Siger finished dishing up John’s plate and then moved along to Agatha’s, he said proudly, “And the spinach is from our garden, John! Home grown at its best!”
it added, saucily. Greg grinned at the very idea.
John didn't pray exactly, but if you counted wishing for something every morning and every night as praying, then yes, he had prayed. For Sherlock to come back and be
John snorted laughter at the last bit. But he was satisfied with the answer. “Ok. Tesco’s it is then,” he said.  “See you later.” And off he went.
- the large splash of it now adorning the seat of Mycroft’s immaculate charcoal grey trousers. The whisky on the worktop had meanwhile formed a little stream and now began to run joyfully towards the edge, and Greg looked frantically around for the nearest tea towel or a sponge before it got there and did any further damage.
“Do you know why I’m...why I’m…
When it came to the first cup of tea, there was no other way for Mycroft. “Strongly brewed Yorkshire and a generous dash of cow’s milk, please,” he said. “A nice rich beige. No sugar.”
“A’course it is!” Greg said roundly. “D’yer like doughnuts? Want me to go and get some?…I really fancy a doughnut or six right now.”
He used his weight to press their bodies together, finding his face near Sherlock’s long, elegant neck. He licked the tip of his tongue up it slowly, fixing his mouth on the prominent muscle there to run his tongue over it and then bite it briefly, before he slowly came up - almost on his tip-toes - licking and biting his way up quickly to reach Sherlock’s ear. When he got there, he breathed Sherlock’s name into it and Sherlock’s head jerked back in reaction and hit the wall. “John! Oh,
that sort of thing,” he said, awkward but honest.
"Oh, well, won't hold you up then. You ok, though?" From anyone else in their situation having just made a remark like John's, the question,
So John did.
Sherlock began to smile too at that. “If this is how it’s going to be, John, I'm not so sure I can take it…You
John smiled at that briefly despite the situation. He knew Sherlock had just gone to supposedly suss out a restaurant owner suspected of money laundering and other financial crime, but, hey ho, apparently he had managed to get embroiled in a kitchen scrap and had come home with a knife wound.
He unfastened his last button and pulled his shirt off to throw it carelessly to the floor, but before he could lie back down on Sherlock and feel him full length, skin to skin like this, Sherlock put his hand up onto John's stomach to stop him. John waited, completely still, suddenly terrified to hear what he would say. ‘Oh, no, please, not now,’ John thought, ‘not when I have forsaken everything I ever thought I was for this.’ Sherlock held John's gaze calmly but with a carefully restrained anxiety of his own. “There is no going back from here, John,” he said, his hand unmoving on John's firm stomach. "You understand...this changes
was in Essex, of all places."
she almost shouted his name in delight, and with barely disguised relief. "How wonderful! So you did make it!" She had raised her voice a little, partly to override Mycroft and Sherlock's heated discussion, and, John thought, to warn them that they were now to be on their best behaviour, but it was clear she was also genuinely pleased to see him. She came over to greet him and hugged him too, as warmly as Mr. Holmes had done, and narrowly missed crushing his poor flowers again. When she released him, she held onto his upper arms and squeezed. "How are you? Did you have a nice Christmas?" she asked. It wasn't a lie that he was well, but again John stuck firmly to his story and politely described his Christmas as having been 'lovely.'
. The fact that John had accepted it all as normal behaviour as well she seemed to find mildly amusing.
John grinned.
“Is that what I am to you, a challenge?” Mycroft asked, raising one eyebrow, good humouredly. But he wasn’t sure if that was all he wanted to be.
“Good!” Greg said, with great and evident pleasure. Then he paused, thoughtfully rolling the cigarette between his thumb and fingers, clearly considering something. When he spoke again, his tone was changed somewhat. “Ahh, listen…about last night…” he started seriously, holding the cigarette still. He turned round a bit more on the bed so he could almost fully face Mycroft, and he looked at him carefully. “I don’t…
Sherlock knew there was something John was hiding under something here and he was trying to find it. "Why?" he persisted calmly.
Never again.
that’s an old copy,” she said, as he held it out to her. “Oh, of course, it would be my absolute pleasure!” she added warmly, taking it, and she went off with it to locate a pen. While she was gone, Clarissa re-appeared at the kitchen doorway, looking at her watch.
he thought. Furtive, discrete glances across a crowded room and what had appeared to be a brief, innocuous chat at Baker Street, had somehow turned to anonymous letters, and from that to a very surprising and wonderful dinner and now...a simmering anticipation of what might be to come over a lust-filled cab ride across the darkened city.
have to do, but…luckily he’d already managed to text the Icelandic P.M. while Greg was out, and say he’d been unavoidably detained, and could they make it a lunch Skype instead, so he would really need to crack on soon.
- about the way these two were kissing each other, he thought. He was spellbound. The way they were holding each others’ faces and were stopping to look at each other before kissing again for all they were worth. There was a hell of a lot of laughing going on in there too, between all the kissing. That was definitely real. He stepped back from the door before they caught his movement through the glass, finding that there was a soppy little smile forming on his face watching them. Then he thought, it’s almost indecent to be watching this. It’s like a love scene from Brief Encounter. He blinked.
“There’s a bathroom there—” Greg said, pointing at a slightly open door to the left as they reached the top of the stairs, “—if you wanna…” he let go of Mycroft’s hand, “…y’know…” he grinned. Mycroft stepped up onto the top stair to stand beside him on the landing.
Mycroft had made a decision and he sat up in bed, making Greg turn at the sound of the mattress creaking and bed-covers rustling. Mycroft felt dreadfully self conscious, especially as he left the sanctuary of the bed and stood up naked, smoothing down his hair awkwardly with both hands, but the look that appeared on Greg’s face dissipated all his awkwardness in a moment.
"Some of them. Why are you so shocked?"
“My…ah...
John saw that Sherlock was nodding sagely at that ‘final word’ comment. He remembered him muttering it back at home when he’d been looking at the canvas and realised now that that had been a big clue in him working it all out before they had even left Baker Street. He was looking very pleased with himself. As always. John smiled and took a bite out of his scone.
She wasn’t in the least surprised. “Oh, thanks, darling,” she said. “Could you fill the pepper grinder for me, please?” Wordlessly, Sherlock did as he was bid. “Mycroft, if you’re not doing anything, please could you make some tea for John?” she said, without looking round at him.
Sherlock turned a sardonic eyebrow on him and continued. “It was a case involving stolen work of art, John. Anyway, as I was saying, the gallery owner said the estuary was over in East Anglia, somewhere - but she didn't really know where, she’s from Chicago..."
They kissed each other like lovers reunited, until suddenly John realised that here he could return the favour to Sherlock's neck, and he went for it with all he had, sliding his arm under Sherlock's head to grip his fingers in Sherlock's curls, his other hand pinning Sherlock's shoulder to the sofa, his lower body pressed hot and hard and fervent against Sherlock's, while Sherlock groaned low and deep in his throat and wrapped one leg around John's, all the better to hold him there. It was as if whatever one of them did, the other had a response for it, which in turn would drive them both equally forward. Just as John began to realise he really wanted some skin-on-skin contact - and what a fucking delight
Curls up entirely: Passionate,’
” she exclaimed, as if exhausted. “Damned chair! Won’t let me escape! Could you give me a hand up, John?” She held out a hand for rescue.
Anyway, what with all that, he had forgotten about the
it persisted.
Sherlock and Mycroft had stopped squabbling - that really being the best description for what they had been doing - as soon as Lucia had shouted John's name. Neither of them had spoken to John whilst she was in the room welcoming him, but as she left the kitchen to dig about in the adjoining scullery for a suitably sized vase, Mycroft stood up from his chair in a polite gesture of welcome and nodded to John. "John," he said cordially, meaning;
"Oh, jolly
That explained a lot of things, a lot of the time. Nothing had caught fire, but apparently Sherlock had put something into the microwave and inexplicably cremated it.
But Sherlock was onto something, John could tell by the way he suddenly began a slow building and enthusiastic appraisal of the scenery, her choice of subject and the quality of the light. He was pretending to be a fellow artist. John watched him and listened to what he was saying - talking about paint types and obscure scenic landscape artists like he was a fellow of the Royal Academy. There was truly no end to the man's talents, John thought with an involuntary smile. The smug annoying grumpy git was simply amazing.
But now, at this moment, Sherlock could only look back at John blankly and not be sure if John was saying was what he thought he was, and so he asked, "Like you loved…what…?” his voice was faltering and small. "John, what—what exactly are you saying?"
“Why were you so long?” asked Sherlock, when John opened the flat front door.
It turned out that she was the elderly next-door neighbour’s widowed younger sister, and a frequent visitor there. Agatha was due to stay at her sister's house next door, cat-sitting the elderly sister's elderly sibling cats whilst the sister herself was up in Scotland visiting her grandchildren for Hogmanay. When the senior Holmeses had heard about this plan, they had immediately invited Agatha round to join them for their traditional New Year's Eve dinner.
~~~~~~~~
Mycroft hastened to reassure him. “No,” he replied quickly, “no...” Words were failing him. “It was...
“Yeah. Of course," he murmured, not quite to her, not quite to himself. Sherlock noticed this with a sideways flick of his eyes but didn't comment.
“Both,” said Mycroft, preeningly, one eyebrow raised.
Mycroft
Sherlock!" he shouted. “Can't you work it out?" He was angry
"So we've only got two days?" John asked, pulling one of his John-faces.
"Afternoon!" called John cheerily as they drew near enough to speak without actually shouting. "May we...er, may we have a look at your painting?"
Sherlock looked back out of the window. John watched him and now it wasn't just to check his face for sweating, or increased pallor or shortness of breath. 'The reason I'm so very angry about it is because I really care about you,' John thought suddenly. And then he thought, 'But isn't that just being a good doctor or a good soldier though - obviously - to care about people, your patients, your comrades?'
“I’m afraid I did,” confessed Mycroft, feeling the blush return to his cheeks, his ears.
“Nothing,” said John, “just thinking about what I want to do to you.”
Mycroft had to concede that Greg was absolutely right. Of course he wouldn't have. He would have watched from afar and pined a bit and then assumed that it would never happen, could never work, wasn't meant to be…and drunk his own Glenfarclas sedately on his own that Valentine’s day evening, thought the whole thing laughably ridiculous, and been none the wiser about what he
right, it
thought Mycroft, feeling a bit reckless, and he said teasingly, “Tell me how much you like it…”
Their bodies and limbs entangled, they kissed again and again. Their hands worked on each other with a growing urgency and the moments seemed intense and endless. It occurred to Mycroft the odd sensation that time was not so much standing still, but continuing to happen outside the room.
“Except for the fact that you weren’t even on the phone at all,” he retorted smartly, standing in the doorway, “so come on. Stop pretending to be busy! Dinner!”
John was slightly embarrassed, but Lucia snorted with amusement. “
Sherlock squeezed his hand in return. “Then lead the way, John,” he said, with a quite different kind of smirk rising to his face. “I’m all yours.”
Greg snorted. “Flippin’ ‘ell, only
"Talented, then…”
And so here he was. Thinking. Not lying down on the sofa where he would prefer to be, but still thinking nonetheless. He couldn't steeple his fingers either because to John that would also be a clear sign that he was thinking and John might ask what about. He flicked the newspaper in irritation at his lack of progress.
When they asked for the bill, Mycroft said quickly, “Let me get this, you get the next one,” and Greg didn’t argue with him. “Ok, sure, if you want…thanks,” was all he said. Which only delighted Mycroft further; the complicit agreement that there would
But he had to do it.
Sherlock stepped away from the desk to go and sit on his unmade bed. He picked up his phone from where it was charging on the bedside table to check his texts. “Mmmm. Yes,” he said distractedly, suddenly beginning to text in his usual frantic way. Now he had moved, John noticed that also on top of the chest of drawers, there was a very good sketch of the front of Holmes house made in graphite pencil and on heavy cartridge paper. It was propped slightly askew against an atlas of historical sea charts. The edges of the paper were slightly curled and it had obviously been there for some time. John couldn’t make out the signature but it looked vaguely familiar, so he went back over to look closely, and saw with surprise that it was Sherlock’s. “Wow! This is really good!” he said admiringly, picking it up carefully by the edges. “When did you do this?” The signature, while definitely Sherlock’s, wasn’t Sherlock’s current one; although the name was clear and the handwriting similar, it was very obviously a more child-like hand.
Perfectly on cue, John scratched his nose and then said, "What've you just worked out then?” Like it might be something interesting, but not momentous, not earth-shattering.
They found the tourist office, which was of course closed, but from the helpful maps displayed in the window, they were able to locate the coastal walk and the footpath that John had talked about. The pier and shed - which turned out to be a tiny fisherman’s cottage - both dated back to the 1800's and were Grade II listed. They were also National Trust properties, and as such, well maintained, still intact and very easy to find.
“That I what?…You were saying?” Mycroft chased, once she was out of earshot.
" She picked up a small knife from the table and held it out. “Could you peel these, please?” He came to get the knife from her and once he’d taken it, she pushed half of John’s pile of unpeeled potatoes towards him using the edge of her chopping board. “There’s another chopping board under the sink…” she added, gesturing. Sherlock didn’t speak but sloped over to the sink, knife in hand, and bent to retrieve the chopping board his mother meant.
Sherlock let go of the man's shoulder and from his own coat pocket, he drew out a closed Stanley knife to show John. He dropped the knife back into his pocket again, and discretely pulled the lapel edge of his coat open to show John his chest. There was a small dark bloodstain spreading there on the pale blue shirt fabric, just below the middle of Sherlock's left clavicle. John gritted his teeth and folded his mouth. The pain in his head receded with a new rush of adrenaline.
John frowned. Sherlock had said something about it too, he remembered. “But didn't you s—” he started, but Sherlock cut him off. He turned to John quickly and said, “What do you think about that cold case at RAF Mildenhall with Major Singh? Do we need to go back there to the training ground and talk to his secretary?” John had been really interested in this one as it involved military connections.
Greg blew out some air with a soft appreciative noise. “Oh, I love the way you talk, Mycroft,” he said quickly and sincerely, his voice low and conspiratorial, squeezing Mycroft’s fingers lightly again in his warm hand. Internal sparks had formed from his words and then, at the squeeze of his hand, flew from Greg’s firm touch up Mycroft’s arm and buried themselves in his heart.
what I found interestin' about
“I’ll see you in there, then!” said Greg, turning around and leaving him to it.
“ ‘Where do you want yours, then?’ ” Sherlock repeated vaguely, in a quiet tone. He was very still, his eyes distant.
so dark in the back of the cab because
Sherlock? Do you know what that was about?"
from you, but it was
faced John.
Please! Feel free! I’d abso-fuckin’-lutely
“Well…here we are then!” said Greg, voicing his thought, purely to make Mycroft smile, even if just out of politeness.
Greg grinned. “ ‘Ow about I do you, you do me? At the same time?” he said.
They lay for a moment facing each other, both up on an elbow, mirroring each other’s positions again; just like they had in the kitchen. Then Mycroft leaned towards and over him and lightly pushed him down to the pillow, kissing him passionately, moving his body further over Greg’s and stroking his pale hands down over Greg’s tanned skin as he went. Lying half over Greg, he drew back a moment and stared into his deep brown eyes. They were so dark they were almost black in the wonderfully shadowed and softly-lit cocoon of his bedroom. Greg’s silvered hair was so striking, not only in the soft, cold light of the moon but also against the deep sea green of his bed sheets. ‘I’m so lucky to have this,’ thought Mycroft, looking down at him. He felt all of 18 again.
"Not dead?" asked John, thinking about the time scale of hypothermia.
Sherlock looked up at John again and frowned. "He just swore, John. A lot. He just said rather a lot of four-letter words repeatedly in different orders. If you really must know, one notable point he made was that he gave me was very extensive instructions on what we could do with ourselves, in a manner of speaking.”
for the wine advice!!! It was very helpful! ;)
John's fingers and hand, and as John watched, still frozen, still mesmerised, with both his hands on Sherlock but both unmoving now, Sherlock brought his right arm up higher and his hand carried on sliding up John's bare forearm, until he gripped John's forearm just above his wrist and
expression out of the corner of his eye.
Lucia was just coming back through from the kitchen with a huge wooden bowl of salad and a lightly steaming jug of something when she suddenly froze with a start and said, “Ooh! Ooh,
“Right,” she announced in passing, “I’m just going to do hair and make up repairs and get changed!” This gave John a momentary wobble.
Eventually John took a breath that was weak and shaky, looked at Sherlock and he spoke like he was repeating a message he had been told to give. "The baby's not mine," he said quietly, matter of factly. "I'm not the baby's father…Mary’s...she's not…” he looked up at the ceiling. “...Uhnnn….she’s been...with someone else, almost all along.” He looked back at Sherlock, and gripped the arms of his chair. “She was...with someone before…” he paused for a long time and then he started again. “It’s
Mycroft smiled as he was doing it all, his ears burning. He would have been able to tell without even looking at him properly what Greg had been liking just then from his stance and his posture, but it still didn’t hurt to hear it. Besides, he knew what he liked too and it was standing opposite him. He didn’t quite know if he could voice that brazen thought yet, however...and how
"No, not dead. Just chilled."
she said, shaking it briskly. "So you must be the John that—" and then Sherlock appeared in the doorway so suddenly John had the feeling that he had been standing just out of view on the other side of it, eavesdropping.
it. He grinned and leaned back against his own kitchen counter momentarily. “Well, now…seein’ as yer askin’...I like
John had been so glad he was here,
he said out loud, as Greg wriggled up out from under him slightly and Mycroft belatedly realised why and then lifted himself up off Greg’s body so that Greg could unscrew the bottle cap. “Of course,” Mycroft whispered, mainly to himself, thinking of Greg’s surprisingly muscular thighs.
John thought, incredulous with the sudden fierce knowledge, just as Sherlock's hand moved cautiously down his back and his other hand moved up to the back of John's head, and slid softly into his hair. Sherlock did it in a way which, for all intents and purposes, was more like a caress than an embrace.
Did this mean…?
that he might actually want to hear someone say such vulgar words as
Greg, getting into his stride now, continued roughly, “It makes me wonder what it would be like for you to have
- meaning Gabriel - had slammed the phone down."
He simply hadn't been able to.
Mycroft laughed softly. “Glad to hear it,” he said. They grinned and looked at each other.
will be when I see him next, the manipulative scheming bastard…. I’ll be givin’ ‘im a massive great
John smiled, looking down at it, but before he could speak, Sherlock spoke instead.
“Yes, thank you, darling, that would be rather
and that what he was doing was
"Not for this one, we're going, come on," replied John, starting to move.
“It would appear so,” he replied. “Why, do you have another pressing engagement elsewhere?"
Mycroft was all at once totally horrified and deeply flattered. He was also stunned, floored and paradoxically, rather excited. He’d not seen this coming. Not in a million years. He’d thought there was certainly some chemistry, but…he swallowed. This was…
For Sherlock, those words embodied everything that had attracted him to John in the first place. ‘Could be dangerous’ he'd said, not so much a warning but an invitation, or a test. John hadn’t even asked what the danger might be, he had just come; instantly. To be at Sherlock's side. To face the danger, whatever form it might take. That had said worlds about John Watson, then. As it did this time, when John said those same words back to Sherlock, knelt poised above him, half naked, ready to change his whole life in an instant with Sherlock once again.
actually, and there was one word he used several times which I'm simply
Sherlock! They’ll never have just ‘got in’ on the off-chance to a place like that the night before Valentines’ Day! They’ll have been turned away unless they had a booking. Even Mycroft couldn’t possibly—” he gasped a bit in horror as he thought of it. “Mycroft’ll be mortified if he was—”
Sherlock obediently got in and John got in after him. John did not know why he was so angry. He sat opposite Sherlock on the fold-back seat so he could watch Sherlock's face for any sign of shortness of breath or sweating or a sudden increase in Sherlock's usual paleness, and he glared at him.
“Wow!” John said, turning it around to admire it further. It was lovely. It had an interesting irregular wobbly shape from the shape of the tree trunk it was cut from, and now he felt it was even more interesting, given its dramatic history. “I made the loo seat in the downstairs loo from that tree as well!” Siger added proudly.
no wound. There was no blood; only Sherlock's smooth, pale back, with a reddening mark at the base of his neck and some very minor skin abrasions over the left shoulder blade and just below it, from hitting the bonnet decoration on the car and the fall onto the road. Luckily for Sherlock, the faithful Belstaff had cushioned that impact, a little. The older scar from the head-chef's knife wound had healed well; leaving a faint, pale, extended dash above and across the highest point of the left scapula - as shoulder blades went, Sherlock's left one certainly seemed to be the unlucky one.
‘What would I have done without you?’ he thought, looking at his fingers hiding the kiss of death underneath. Like a lipstick mark of where she’d been, but one that could not be rubbed away. ’If you had really died - again, for real, after losing you once already and then getting you back - I would never have recovered,’ he thought.
Still watching Mycroft’s rapt face, Greg brought his right hand slowly round from Mycroft’s exposed upper thigh and took firm but confident hold of Mycroft’s cock, his eyes never leaving Mycroft’s face. Mycroft gasped at the shock of Greg’s sudden definite movement; even though he had seen it coming and knew it was about to happen….the
he's got one over on me because I fell for—”
Afterwards, Mycroft took a breath and, preparing for absolute open-hearted honesty, said, “Gregory, that
Sherlock’s brows drew together. “Secret Squirrel?” he said, derisively.
Greg was clearly in the kitchen - still whistling and occasionally breaking into humming - and singing repeated snatches of some popular music tune. Mycroft leaned up on one elbow to listen, thinking that the song sounded vaguely familiar. He couldn’t quite place it though, popular music being one of his very few weak points. Suddenly the whistling grew much louder as Greg began padding down the hallway towards the foot of the stairs, and then Mycroft heard the creaking stair sounds of him coming up. Then the whistling stopped abruptly  between the third and fourth stair, at a point where Greg was obviously considering that his guest might not be awake yet. As Greg approached the bedroom, Mycroft found himself hoping desperately that he looked at least halfway presentable, and he swiped his hair back quickly to flatten it down and then, staying up on one elbow, he arranged himself neatly - turning his body to be able to look naturally and expectantly at the open doorway, ready for when Greg walked in.
John glanced over at him again as he straightened up. It was quite brisk outside and Sherlock’s cheeks were slightly pink with the cold. John really tried not to look too much, but sometimes he couldn’t help himself. Sometimes it was hard not to.
all this?” Before Sherlock could even answer, John answered himself, remembering something he’d thought of earlier. “Oh my God -
It didn’t make any sense. But Sherlock couldn't speak to ask him. He didn't even know what to say. He didn't want to hear John describe the pain of his broken heart and his love for Mary, and he thought his voice would only betray his jealousy. He could only keep his hands and arms across John's shoulders and on the back of his neck, and be there for John, and wait.
Mycroft knew he wasn’t wrong about the sentiment that he thought Greg wanted to express, but that the words Greg had chosen were not the ones that had been foremost in his mind. “No,” said Mycroft, “say what you were going to say…say the other word…”
in Greg’s ear, louder this time, and with just as much thick, dark intent in his voice as Greg had just utilised on him.
…It-is-fuckin’-
He watched Sherlock and said nothing, and thought about all the possibilities in which Sherlock could be hurt or even die, until he had to stop torturing himself, and then he made himself think methodically and clearly about how the hospital would examine and treat Sherlock's injury until he was in control of his emotions again. By then they had pulled up in the drop-off bay at St. Thomas' hospital and he felt better.
"I love the sea," said John, simply, gratefully, in awe of something so beautifully simple. They stood in silence for a moment, looking out at the marshes and the water and the sea in the distance. Then John said suddenly, "I love England. I don’t think I could ever live anywhere else."
"What did you get, Sherlock?" he asked, knowing Sherlock wasn’t likely to demonstrate it to the table.
"Because of me?" Sherlock said, surprised, not expecting that, not understanding why, and he sat down suddenly in his chair.
but give me an unseasonably mild mid-February morning with a bit of warm and welcome sunshine in a sheltered spot, just for the nude-and-then-nearly-nude-on-the-balcony scene, please?! I do actually remember a February heatwave once. Only once, yeah ok, but it happened, so let’s have that here. Please? For me? For M and G to be barely clothed outside on a balcony together?…Oh, wait - what’s that? You don’t mind after all? Thanks! 😬
was injured and it was me screaming. So it was my fault you got stabbed.’ He wasn't sure how comfortable he felt about that.
Mycroft followed him up the stairs, admiring his delectable behind, the shape of his body, the indentation between his shoulder blades precisely defined by his pale cream shirt. Mycroft glanced down at their linked hands and thought that it had been
But John remembered. "It was called 'Country Living'. I had a girlfriend who liked all that ‘aspiration and lifestyle' sort of stuff and I bought her a subscription for Christmas. She lived in Essex and liked walking. So we went for a lot of walks. One of them was a set route featured in her magazine that you could follow; it was a beach and coastal walk, and you were supposed to go along by the quay and follow the estuary, and eventually you reached this pier and the little shed but we...we...er, we...we didn't quite get there."
And then John had come along. And when John had come along, at first he had just been someone new to show this ability off to, but quite quickly Sherlock saw how very different John was. And how John saw
really
“Yeah, a’ course,
The Holmeses had quite a few chopping boards, John had noticed. All beautifully rustic-looking, and each one very individual. They were definitely not from Tesco’s. “Nice chopping boards,” John remarked. “Does someone make them?” He meant someone the family knew, but he didn’t expect the answer.
involuntarily quoting Lewis Carroll once again. This time though, the words were utterly right; wholly appropriate, and so before John could speak, or even make a sound, Sherlock bridged the gap between them, lowered his head and kissed John quickly - short and sweet and hot on his wonderfully expressive mouth.
"So who was it who got you?"
John shook his head. He was honestly amazed. He went into the bedroom that used to just be Sherlock's and on the bed that they now shared - and that he had neatly made that morning - Sherlock had positioned a beautiful thick navy-blue scarf that John had never seen before. It was just long enough to be arranged in the vaguest shape of a heart. In the centre of the scarf heart, Sherlock had carefully and symmetrically aligned a huge bar of Dairy Milk fruit and nut chocolate. John’s favourite.
“Thanks, darling,” said Lucia to him in an aside, and then to Agatha she suggested, “Oh, do you want John to help you when you do them? He's a doctor!”
So maybe we don’t, but that’s still no reason to use it for recklessly incinerating human remains at six o’fucking clock in the morning!” snapped John.
can all fuck right the
then, and so therefore it was a girlfriend who taught you how to do it and you obviously massaged each other…” He left the words,
“Well…hello!” said Greg, smiling awkwardly.
"Don't give her any gin, Mother," said Sherlock warningly.
I do really...
thought about his gun, but then, that night, he had dreamt that he was watching a play of Romeo and Juliet at the Globe Theatre, and he was the only person in the audience. It was the end of the play, and as Romeo drank the poison bent over Juliet’s pale, still form, John had whispered aloud, “I'm not going to be Romeo.”
There was a moment of solid unbroken silence whilst she weighed up the situation. Eventually, she took a deep breath and sighed heavily, rolling her brush in her fingers. “It’s not what you think…” she said looking at it.
While he was deliberating  -
Peters,” she said, looking down at her brush. “Gabriel Peters is my brother.”
believe him, and he occasionally even said
“Something up?” asked Mycroft cautiously, who knew the usual reason for late night phone calls and texts was rarely good tidings.
he would
“Oh, that's the one," Sherlock said, waving his hand dismissively. “Don't know much about yachts, know more about pirate sloops and 18th century galleons—”
Sherlock looked out of the window for a moment and then up at the interior of the cab roof. Then he said quietly, “I thought the screaming was you.”
"Mmmm," replied Sherlock, rubbing his lower neck again briefly.
“Nah, don't do that,” said Greg dismissively, turning and reaching up into the open kitchen cabinet for the bottle of Glenfarclas. “I like it that you're the only one who wears one.” He turned his back briefly to open the bottle and then pour into the waiting glasses. Mycroft leant back against the opposite kitchen counter by the door, watching him do it, enamoured with everything about the man. Greg finished pouring the measures of whisky; recapped the bottle and then added water from a green glass jug in the fridge before handing Mycroft his drink.
loved her, but not enough.
and, with that, the absurdity of realising that everyone had been right about them - and about him - all along, then.
tender. The lump that was there felt
John smiled. "Hello Mycroft. How's tricks?”
"I didn't write that one."
By the time John had finished his illicit scone, and they had all had their second cups of tea (Gabriella her third), it was nearly time to get the train home. While they’d been chatting, Gabriella had packed the two larger paintings carefully together and installed them safely in a sturdy spare carrying frame, which she wrapped neatly in brown paper and some sheets of thin cardboard and tied with strong white gardening string. The two much smaller paintings could be carried far more easily in one hand, and she had packaged those two separately, so they could both carry one parcel each.
Sherlock glanced up at him and stopped typing. He pulled a cynical face. “Well, that would be ludicrous, because it’s more than obvious it’s from me.”
and he didn't want to give the wrong answer.
“What, you mean as a pet?” asked John going over to look at the horrible thing more closely. He found he didn’t particularly want to touch it, however.
he mumbled. He was shocked at himself.
Mycroft felt as if his insides were on a trapeze. “Yes, most definitely…sounds divine…” he said again in a breath and Greg lifted his head to kiss him again.
Sherlock took the hint and got up from his armchair, coming over to take two of them from John. He carried them through and put them onto the table, digging through one to see what John had bought. “Did you get my kefir?” he asked, looking for it.
Greg openly smirked. “Ok. You give me what you think you can spare…” he said, brown eyes dancing, making Mycroft’s insides swirl again.
who got the splinter in the bum, not Mycroft!” said Siger, from the other end of the table, and then he looked directly at John and grinned. John shook his head, smiling. Sherlock pulled a face but said nothing, then he started peeling the potato, using the knife to remove the potato skin in what felt to John in such an old-fashioned way, like a carver with a hand-held tool. John stopped what he was doing and watched. Sherlock did it swiftly and confidently, like he had had years of practice. Siger, Lucia and himself were using actual peelers, but Sherlock handled the small knife just as quickly and efficiently as they did, taking off long elegant curls of peelings all in one swirly go. ‘Where did you learn to do it with a knife?” asked John, intrigued.
Greg grinned at him and then he reached down and took Mycroft’s hand. “It’s not much tidier upstairs, I’m afraid,” he said, and turned to lead the way.
Even better, so was Mycroft’s - especially after seeing Greg look at him like that. “Do you see something you like?” he asked nonchalantly, and as he spoke, he gave a knowing smile, leaning back slightly against the kitchen counter in a blatant and unashamed come on. If that wasn’t enough, he kept the smile and lifted one eyebrow; Roger Moore style.
“Come over here and I’ll tell you all about what I’ll do if you don’t…” rumbled back Sherlock Holmes, self-proclaimed consulting detective, red hot genius and newly-knighted Sex God.
“I like a man who’s taller than me,” said Greg instantly, sipping his own scotch.
John did that thing where he drew his chin into his neck and raised his eyebrows in confusion. Sherlock noticed this but ignored it and didn’t let it make him smile. “‘The Case of the Octogenarian Art Fraudster’, yes, we did,” Sherlock said placidly, still not looking at John, but managing to note John’s instant
