She’d fooled him this last time. Sworn she’d turned over a new leaf, before he’d left for Afghanistan. John's never really forgiven himself, he’d come home to find Clara… well she’d been barely alive, kept in a sort of mindless drudgery that wouldn’t really be noticeable if you didn’t know what to look for, the side effects of too many glamours to erase the signs of torture and abuse.
With the warm prickle of pain still hovering on John’s shoulder, he can’t bring himself to speak. He isn’t entirely sure whether or not he would agree with his Dominus, even if he could find the words.
You could tell him to open his mouth. Just say the word, "Open." And he'd look up at you then, lick his lips. You would want to look at his eyes, but you'd be watching his lips, the way his tongue lingers just a little. Like he's daring you to make him, but he wants to… and you'd have to do something about your trousers. Open your fly, push the cloth out of the way, all while looking at that tiny dark space between his lips.
“When I no longer desire to hear the sounds you make, I will gag you.”
John startles slightly, hands fumbling for the clasp at his shoulder. He carefully folds the robe and sets it down on the side table.
John does as he’s told. The mag locks on his wrists engaging as soon as they touch. He tries to move his wrists a little, testing the range of motion, finds he can adjust where the locks touch slightly, but can’t pull his wrists apart without visibly straining.
John wets his lips, turns his head away from Sherlock. “There’s not much to tell really. My... I guess you’d call it a grandfather, was a dragon... well... yeah... he was a dragon. Demanded a lot of virgin sacrifices. This was maybe eighth or ninth century, well it depends on how you count time... anyway he didn’t eat
you hiding from me, John?” Pitched
in a strop because there’s no case on, but he possibly hasn’t noticed that John has been gone.
ConsultingSmartarse is the only thing that stands between me and complete chaos. She will say this is not true... she underestimates herself. (She's an amazing beta, but an even more amazing podficcer. Go listen to everything she reads)
“This is one story I won’t be putting on the blog.” John’s eyes are cool and dark when they meet Sherlock’s, greener than Sherlock has ever seen them. The ripple is back, slower moving than before, it pushes at the edges of Sherlock’s mind, making his fingers numb.
!” Murray’s hand abandons John’s cock and grabs his hip, fucking deep and hard into John.
John falls into his ownbed that night with a sigh of contentment and a sense of bone deep happiness. He can do this. He can be the flatmate of Sherlock Holmes, the blogger and the crack shot, the friend and the medic that stitches him up. That can be enough.
John slides past the door of the cage, almost expecting her to slam it closed before he can fully escape. “Sounds fun.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Murray moves back, just enough that his weight is no longer holding John against the door and puts pressure on John’s throat until he’s sliding down to the floor, knees sprawled out in an untidy mess in the small space Murray allows him.
“And if I set you free?”
When he comes it is to the memory of Sherlock fucking his mouth, the incoherent sounds of pleasure, the triumphant feeling of having brought Sherlock to this place, to finally having him. He collapses face-first onto his bed, onto sheets and pillows damp with his drool, sweat and slick. He curls so he’s not directly in the wet spot, tentacles still shivering and rippling as the last waves of orgasm travel the length of his nerve endings.
John blinks and lets his eyes adjust to the change in light. The cell is less cold and sterile now, seems almost comfortable… well if it wasn’t for the solid bars between him and Mrs. Hudson. “No. No pain, just tired.”
“What
, and put it on the table. If you treat the things I give you poorly again you will be punished.”
There’s no room between John and the door, the edges of the panels dig into his face and he nearly can’t breathe from the pressure on his chest. “I will… whatever… whatever you want.” The words are pushed out of him with the motion of Murray’s body against his.
He'd come in your hands… would you be able to come with him? You'd want to, to come with his body jerking and contracting around you. You want to feel the same thing he's feeling. To be that close to him.
“I’ll stay. Thank you.”
“That’s it. Good little soldier, so tight, so tight for
“You fought in the wars. You were injured.”
“Well, Gregson did…” John yelps as Murray slaps his arse again, harder than before. “I’ll take that as an order then?” John raises his eyebrow, rolling slightly to look up at Murray.
Another day perhaps he will hold Sherlock in his mouth, suck and lick and tease until Sherlock is hard again. He smiles as he lets Sherlock’s cock slide from between his lips, swallows hard and licks his lips, careful to catch any stray drops of Sherlock’s come and swallow them down.
John basks in the warmth of Sherlock’s singular attention. Doesn’t say no when Sherlock pours him another glass of wine and then holds up the bottle for a refill.
that led to John… “moving on.”
Murray turns the corner, a slightly lighter blotch against the darkness of the hallway.
John makes a low, broken sound in his throat and pushes back against Murray’s thrusts. He’s got no hope of actually dislodging Murray, the other man is bigger and heavier, but he does manage to work his arm down to his side, flexing his wrist.
John sniffs, looks around the room. “Yes, Sir.”
“Are you a rebel? Is there some part of you that wants to fight against me?”
John runs away and has a think. All the backstory.
The Dominus’ fingers open John’s shirt, patiently working at the buttons. “Nearly, very soon, I will be able to trust you completely; you will obey my every command without thought to even your own safety. Then I will need to…” He pulls the collar of the shirt away from John’s skin, turns John in his grip and nuzzles against the abused flesh of John’s shoulder. “I wish I could keep you like this, just a little longer.” He sinks his teeth into John’s shoulder, digs his teeth deep into the flesh, making John gasp. “You taste amazing when you’re dangerous.”
“No...i...it’s the small things...that I love about...ah! Oh god, Greg please!” Mycroft but his lip as Greg let his tongue run over his nipple, nipping it slightly.
Under the dramatic moonlight, John and Sherlock lay on the floor, blanket totally disregarded as they held each other’s hands and looked at the ceiling. In that moment, nothing ever felt so right.
And some of the more um... weird but flattering ones:
As she said that, Sherlock’s expression morphed into one of betrayal and disbelief. (All in all it was a hideous expression)
Hm. Warm.
“Am I gay...?” John’s voice trailed off as his eyes landed on Sherlock’s sleeping form, “For Sherlock?”
He didn’t know how Long he was scrolling for till he saw that photo. It was a photo taken in the summer the year before. It seemed that John had been slightly skinnier the year before and was less insecure about taking a picture with his chest exposed.
Asher cleared his throat shakily before sitting on the couch, looking very pale. He had heard a lot about Rosie’s parents and had done his homework accordingly. (Extensive reading of John’s blog and a perilous trudge through Sherlock’s blog.)
Sherlock, you’re wonderful.
Greg twisted and stretched Mycroft’s hole mercilessly, allowing Mycroft to slowly become a melting heap of whimpers and moans. As soon as Lestrade inserted two long, nimble digits into his arse, he hooked them upwards expertly, finding Mycroft prostate.
Greg turned to his side to look at the little girl who was fidgeting away merrily. She was counting off her fingers as she kicked her little feet around, giggling through her words as she babbled incoherently.
The whole world seemed to stand perfectly still.
Mycroft wails and shudders as his knees slip further apart on the couch until he feels like he might fall off and his hands grab frantically at the throw pillows behind his head. He’s never felt so good in his life, and he can feel his orgasm building deep in him. Lestrade is getting close too. Mycroft can tell because one of his warm hands had found its way to Mycroft’s chest, pinning him in place on the couch, and the other arm wraps around his middle and he grabs possessively at Mycroft’s waist.
“I’m not...” Mycroft sighed as Greg’s lips crashed into his, arching his back towards the other in a lewd manner.
They burst into the flat and sprawled over the living room floor, kissing and laughing. They snuggled sweetly on the carpeted floor, locking their hands together as they stared up at the ceiling.
Sherlock had a perfectly crafted look to react to the note; he didn’t do anything. He opened the note, ignored the silly wishful leap in his heart and slipped the note in his pocket.
12. The fact that I love him.
“Shut up, purple shirt of sex.” John huffed, crossing his arms. He was embarrassed and derailed by Harry’s stupid remarks and just wanted to insult Sherlock.
“An admirer sent this, Sherlock. It’s a heart.” Irene laughed, taking the paper to read the little message written on it.
They kissed and kissed until their lips became red and swollen. Somewhere in the middle of the process, Greg had climbed onto Mycroft’s lap and was now straddling him while he ferociously ravaged the man below. Mycroft on the other, was not one to object, and allowed himself to just be consumed by the feeling of intense attraction.
John looked at her in absolute horror before he turned to his flatmate to apologise. “God, Sherlock. I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean for that to come out. I’m not gay...you see.”
John stared at the ring.
So Mycroft was duly shocked when entered the room to see tiny Rosie, bouncing cheerfully on Greg’s lap, pretty eyes shining with joy. Almost immediately, Mycroft scowled at the little toddler, angry at her for stealing away Greg’s attention. (Because it is only logical to be jealous of a tiny toddler who requires constant attention)
Somehow he made eye contact with John, holding the blond’s stare for a full thirty seconds. John’s lips were curled into a half smile, hesitant and cheeky.
But that was before his phone buzzed. His Instagram. John had replied. Oh shit. Oh shitshitshitshitshit.
Mycroft’s gentle massage paused for a second as his lips curled into an unreadable smile. “I must say, it is terribly straightforward of you to inquire why I like you. Why twelve? Perhaps it could be linked to your obsession with Christmas?”
Sherlock grinned, bringing a hand up to his curls to massage his head. “That wasn’t too hard now, was it?”
“Oi! We’ve been in here for 20 minutes, pretty boy is going to be wondering what we are doing!” Harry hissed, pulling John out of the door to the living room.
He walked back towards Mycroft, a slow smirk spreading on his mouth as he reached to grab Mycroft’s silk tie, weaving his fingers around it.        Tugging gently, he used his other hand to caress Mycroft’s face.
Mycroft was holed up in his office as usual, exhausted after an intense argument with the MI6 director. He was just about to sent a brutal letter to the Queen when Anthea knocked on the door.
“Hello Love, long day?” Greg inquired, noting the very obvious frown on Mycroft’s face.
Like an anxious schoolboy, Mycroft quickly glanced at the mirror to survey his appearance. He looked tired, eyes all droopy and cheeks pale. His frown lines looked more prominent and his tie was wrinkled.
“Sparkly Watson! Sparkly Watson!” One of the rugby player’s loud voices pervaded Sherlock senses as he saw Mike Stanford and a group of rugby players guffawing.
It was days like this that John loved the most. It was quiet and he was snuggled into his armchair, sipping his chamomile tea while reading a darn good book. A romance novel, since he was so sick of Detective stories.
“Sher...Sherlock.” John mumbled, “Kiss me.”
The first time John actually thought about marriage, it was after a case. Sherlock was bouncing little Rosie on his lap, chuckling as she cooed at him.
“So...dessert to go then?”
Which brings him back to where he was. Having deduced John’s Instagram handle, Sherlock set himself onto the wonderful task that was internet stalking a good looking bloke. Not just good looking, judging by the pictures, John was definitely downright attractive.
They slaved away at the letter during lunch, with Sherlock doing almost nothing and John slaving away on the paper. Sherlock didn’t even glance at the paper, he just provided a “hmm, yes.” whenever it was required.
Hissing when he realised what he was doing, John recoiled away from his thoughts and buried himself into his book. Not. Gay.
“Shut up Lestrade!”
Sherlock, you shine. :)
Sherlock was making it impossible to propose to him. There was no opening for John to very quickly interject a ‘will you marry me?’. John nearly considered dropping the band into some wine and shoving it in Sherlock’s face. Alas, no such opportunity arose so that John could sneakily drop the ring into the drink.
“Abbott’s request,” Holmes confirmed for me.
“It is very nice to have finally made it down here, Johnny, especially since you’ve already had more than enough occasion to see my place.”
I had ammunition of my own, however. “I could say the same of you,
Holmes sniffed and stood up, taking a turn about the room and assuming a haughty countenance that I knew after much observation meant that he was about to reveal something sobering, or indeed even humbling. “What I could not put into words there is that you were interesting.”
His eyes widened, and in all this there still left some part of me that felt joy at finally succeeding in surprising the great detective.
“Oh? What can you tell me of this other customer? If he is anything like me and helplessly attempting to construct a bouquet for my rather fastidious beau that abides by this tricky language of flowers, I may take note of his other choices.” Holmes was laying it on rather thick I thought, but I admired his ability to know just how to make people more forthcoming with their information.
Macnair laughed loudly, though he uncocked his gun, bringing me some relief. Abbott, who had been sitting frozen on the settee observing the events and escaping notice, relaxed slightly himself.
My view was suddenly hindered, however, by a gentleman’s upper half and when I looked up it was to see the easy grin of one Douglas Macnair, a face I had not seen in many months. I stood at once to greet him with a handshake. “Watson! Imagine my surprise at seeing you here tonight!”
“Then if these words are all that I am to you, why bother? Why bother keeping me in your acquaintance as anything beyond a fellow lodger, and perhaps a biographer? Why bring me along constantly, in fact!” I had seized on the question that was at the center of this sudden diversion, “If this is what I was to you then, what possessed you to ask me to accompany you to Lauriston Gardens that day, and then every day since!”
While I usually accompany Holmes on his meetings with clients, especially nowadays as his business has become so much my own, there are still the occasions where he accepts visitations alone. Often this is the case when Holmes believes he is able to solve their problems without leaving the sitting room, and he does not require my services. Privately, I have used this to confirm my pet theory that he frequently chooses cases that will be as guaranteed to amuse me as they will himself.
And then he extended the flower to me. “I grow tired of holding this, Watson, and we still have much to do today. Would you hold onto this, or perhaps place it within your buttonhole?”
And with that she took her leave and retreated down the seventeen steps. As soon as she did Holmes began to pace, his usual path upon our carpet significantly shortened by the corpse’s long legs. He stopped suddenly, spotting something on the stand beside my chair. A small water cup, which he sniffed at like a hound before swiftly looking to me.
Macnair launched into some explanation of the current landscape of his office’s politics and a colleague who was clearly in the wrong. I did my best to listen intently, but I was still on a case, and I shifted slowly in my seat so I may once again seek Holmes in the crowd. From my new angle I could see that he had moved down the bar, now in conversation with a man I recognized by face alone.
Holmes appeared sympathetic. “He was inordinately protective of you, and cognizant of your every move, pointing to, I could not help but notice, an extreme feeling. He seemed to make overtly clear to William Vernet at least that he had laid his claim to you, and that I am not worthy.”
“And the flowers, Inspector, were they the same?”
I endured some twenty more minutes of chatter with Macnair, mainly spent on gossip about other club members that we had as mutual acquaintances, before I finally was able to extract myself, feigning exhaustion and an early start to my day tomorrow. He seemed almost reluctant to part with me, but did so with both hands clutching my right and with a promise that I would not leave him again for so long, as the others were merely a poor imitation of my company. I laughed with him and agreed, before paying my tab and making my escape, hoping to rush home quickly so as not to miss Holmes.
My friend smiled in a way that indicated to me that he would be at his most charming. “Actually, madam, we were hoping you could do us a favor instead? All we need is some questions answered - they are quite innocuous, I assure you.”
“So you have never had occasion to be jealous? I suppose if not with your wife, then with previous dalliances?”
He went on as if he had just not made a statement capable of stopping my breathing completely. “And that is obvious to anyone who wishes to bring about my downfall! You are therefore the natural target as the closest person I have in this world, and of course that means I must take extra measures when necessary to safeguard you against the repercussions of my indulgence of our friendship. I only regret…”
- holmes also quotes twice from shakespeare's much ado about nothing, act 2 scene 3. one is obvious, and the other "Love me. Why?" was just for me. i like to think watson would also prefer the comedies
His smile bloomed to full fledged at my answer, and he linked arms with me for the rest of our walk.
- watson makes a reference to the "the love that dare not speak its name" quote from Lord Alfred Douglas’ poetry, that in the future through Oscar Wilde will made even more clearly to be a euphemism for homosexuality.
1888. That was the year I’d met Mary, and we’d agreed to our engagement. I had not told Holmes the details because I hadn’t wanted to betray Mary’s secret, and then he had vocally denounced me as abandoning him and we hadn’t seen much of each other until I was married and settled in Kensington and he requested my presence on a case and all was as usual again. If I was arrogant enough to consider that it was I who inspired his supposed bad temper, then the nights before we made up and I was not living with him had ostensibly been spent here. And then of course in 1891, with the rising threat of Moriarty, he was too busy covering his tracks to even begin considering partroning a compromising establishment such as this. By the time I had showed up for the first time in late 1893, it had been two years since he’d last stepped on our country’s soil, and so in that way we had passed each other like two ships in the night, or however the phrase had went.
- any other references that u thought were references probably are! well spotted i love you
I could not let it stand, as he knew I would not be able to, judging by the light in his eyes. “Holmes, what is the meaning of all this?”
“There isn’t? One would think living once again with the great Sherlock Holmes would bring one excitement after the next!”
I was confused at his sudden change in tone, but followed him regardless, just barely remembering to grab my favored bowler hat on the way out. By the time I had caught up with him he was in the street, having called a cab. It was not a far walk, and I enjoyed walking at any rate especially in the temperate if cloudy weather we were having, but it was still February and there was a chill in the air that aggravated my old injury, as I was sure that Holmes had taken note of.
“That is rather harsh is it not?”
“And then- you really wish to know all, Watson?”
Holmes’ eyes flashed. “There is a slim but real chance of surviving, if fate determines it so. Are you interested?”
I busied myself with the removal of my coat and hat to give myself time to answer. “Something like that I suppose, although it really isn’t like that exactly - he isn’t my fella, that is.”
“More excitement?” I laughed, hardly believing it, but such was the life when one was compatriots with Sherlock Holmes, and I bounded up the stairs after him.
(See the end of the chapter for
Lestrade’s ferret-like features widened slightly, but he did not miss a beat before informing the both of us that he had called in the murder and that his colleagues were waiting downstairs to be brought up, but after the body was collected he would tell us all that he had learned. He then left to do just that.
“Holmes! But she was only coming to you for help! What could the letters mean, who are these mysterious figures, Alberta and Victor?” In my - admittedly as fanciful as he suggested - fantasies, this client had unwittingly found evidence of some espionage, with false identities and secret pasts.
“Yes, I believe so. There was some trouble identifying them, especially as sadly there just isn’t that sort of time given to some of these mysterious deaths of poorer folk - but from the report and some nudging, Gregson identified them to be the same three.”
I nodded in understanding although I was just as discontented by this as my friend was, who stood up once again from his chair to pace once more the small space afforded to us. His spine was ramrod straight, but his eyes betrayed a thunderstorm of emotions, fear among them. “If indeed that cadaver shares similarities with the poor soul who met his end here, then we have a very different, larger danger on our hands.”
“Mister Holmes said to say ‘stay on course’.” Dawson recited proudly. “‘Nd I’m to give you this, sir,” and he pulled out a small piece of torn paper from his pocket. The note was in Holmes’ penchant scrambling yet elegant handwriting, and read as follows:
As we stepped safely within 221B again (for it was safe still, Holmes and I would make sure of it), I felt the urge to focus on that instead, for it was a much more agreeable topic, but as always Holmes brought me back down to Earth.
“Bait?” Abbott repeated in a higher octave, just as I did the same.
Whether it be the relief at his statement or the aftermath of having revealed so much, tears rose in my eyes at his acceptance, and they would have been shed had I not known how uncomfortable it would make my friend. Worry I did not know I had collected in my joints dissipated, and I felt a large relief. I was grateful, and I hoped I could convey the enormity of my gratitude in those simple two words, “Thank you.”
“My reputation will be fine as I have no intention of being recognized tonight.”
“Throwing his lot with us, with
Holmes sat up somewhat against the headboard, and I saw that he was working himself up further. “When I become too disorderly with my discarded notes or with my materials during one of my experiments, and not meeting your standards of cleaning, do you not tell me?"
It was evident now to my eyes, judging by the mounds of evidence given to me today that pointed to the direction, not to mention his clear lack of need to defend himself from this assumption after the events of the Club. Holmes shared the same proclivities that I did, of being an invert. This had escaped my notice likely in the same way I had eluded him, but as I thought of how he spoke of the law’s feelings on the matter and his fairly easy acceptance of me, it began to take shape and I remembered several instances in our years together that benefited from this realization. To think we escaped each other’s notice for so long, and yet our business was detection!
I continued. “Holmes, of course I love you. I do not know if there was a time in which I did not have but the highest regard for you. For you not to already have noticed is unfathomable!” I brought a hand up so as to wipe at my eyes, which had at once begun to fill with yet unshed tears that I found mirrored in his own, before returning my hand to his grasp. “But I suppose that if I have always presented like this, hopelessly at your disposal, there was nothing out of the ordinary for you to notice.”
“Yes, sir.” The boy nodded, his grin gone and replaced with a very determined expression that threatened to make me laugh.
“Romantic? But what lady would do such a thing, and with what kind of friend as this gentleman?” asked Lestrade.
“It’s no trouble, Doctor. I just hope I haven’t opened the two of you up to some new danger.”
“To gain your trust, that is chiefly why I endured so much blabbering - of course I believed I was at least entitled therefore, to the final product! Night after night of listening to, ‘
“Am I!” I shouted, as I was beginning to grow rather cross. This was yet another attempt to keep me in the dark. “What’s to stop the man from just waltzing into 221B once again, and accomplishing what he wishes? At least going with you I will be of use!”
Whatever it was, he was heartened not to find it, and simply smiled before leading the way out the door.
“Hopefully tonight will differ in its level of excitement,” Holmes said, straightening and his eyes taking on a familiar gleam, the thought of peril restoring him. “Now here is where we part for the afternoon, dear fellow, for you to further build our puzzle and for me to keep our prey entertained.”
“Violent?”
“As am I,” said Holmes, not even bristling at Lestrade’s slight. “But all is well and truly over now.”
- ah basil dawson, like the characters basil (of baker street) and dr. dawson from the great mouse detective. what a coincidence
I patted the part of him that was nearest to me, his calf, as a signal for him to continue.
“Arsenic.” Holmes said.
It was not too often that I doubted my friend’s regard for me, but it does happen on occasion, and perhaps more frequently than I would prefer. Of course, to share rooms and even friendship with a mind like Sherlock Holmes’ was to expect some level of disillusionment to one’s own capabilities, but I had long known of my powers in comparison with his and been in admiration of it besides. How such a man could keep me as a constant companion, however, was a question that had weighed on me for as long as we’d been acquainted, but hadn't dared asked for fear of the reply. It had pressed even heavier during the years I believed him dead and unable to answer.
“Why ever not!” I sputtered.
We had reached home, and I got out of the cab onto somewhat unsteady feet. Neither of us had had overmuch to drink at the club, however I could feel the effects of the alcohol all the same, and see it in the less than graceful fumbling of Holmes attempting to locate his keys in his ridiculous tailcoat on our front stoop. I was just about to offer my own when he found it and showed them off with a triumphant smile. I was reminded of him on our steps just the night before, when everything hadn’t yet gone wrong, and found that reconciling the two images was almost laughable. And yet how I felt for him then as I felt for him now, even changed as we both were by everything learned tonight!
. It was a matter of pulling the last few aspects together to form a more agreeable story, as well as to alter it significantly enough not to affect those actually involved, and it was a burdensome process.
“Lost?”
“You had better see for yourself, Inspector.” I told him, and at that his weasely countenance grew even more apprehensive, and he followed us up the stairs without complaint.
“Oh no, Holmes won’t be joining us unfortunately, he’s indisposed this evening.”
It is here where I felt safe, and where I regained a part of my personhood once again, even as those months still remain a blur to me through my pervasive grief. Here, where I was understood, I felt my tongue could loosen, and it was here that I made friendships that I could not mention outside of the walls of the club.
He gave the tucked flower a peculiar look before raising his eyes to mine, a small smile in its beginning stages upon his lips. “And what meaning would you yourself ascribe to the flower now?
“Me?” Abbott yelped.
I nodded. “Yes, I believe myself to be content and aware of my own worth in a person’s life, and therefore I can place a degree of trust in them to hold me at that position even with the introduction of interest from another person.”
Whoever I had been while in the army, I was not one for dalliances once I settled back into civilian life at Baker Street. One of the reasons I did not return advances or engage in entanglements with men upon my return was of course, self-consciousness and shame due to my newfound injuries, but there was also my growing admiration for my fellow lodger and friend to contend with, that grew stronger and more undeniable day by day. When in 1888 I found my chance to escape this increasingly impossible environment with the events I detailed in “The Sign of Four”, I seized it. For while I had never resented Holmes for my unrequited feelings, I was beginning to grow hopeless, not helped by our growing disagreements about his drug usage that led to a sort of rough patch, and I wanted to avoid any falling out we might have had.
This retelling concerns the incidents that took place within the early months of 1895, in what would prove to be a memorable year indeed, not the least because of the revelations brought about by the particular problem that found itself within our very own rooms one chilly February evening. Holmes had been returned to me and the world for close to a year when events unfolded that would further change our regard for each other, beginning first with the arrival of a threatening message.
Holmes’ voice was cold, and not nearly at the volume mine had been. “Mrs. Hudson has seen him once now, she knows to not let him in, and he is at least smart enough to know that he will not have convenient access to you in this way again. You are of better use to me here.”
I stared at him, stunned. “Holmes…” My speech stopped there, as I did not know what else to say. I was still firm in my position but an emotional outburst like this was rare, and I was shocked to see how strongly he felt about the subject.
“You have revealed to me much these past few days, and I did not want you to feel as if that left you bereft in any way. You may trust me, my dear, in kind.”
“Watson,” Holmes caught my attention, “you might find it in your interest to get dressed.”
When he reached the entrance I imagined he would have some difficulty. It was customary for patrons to have memorized some secret phrases to repeat before the doorman, but if they were regulars then they were often fortunate enough for Archie to recognize them. I had not given Holmes any secret phrase, not knowing it myself as I had not occasion to learn the new one in use, and as one of the aforementioned fortunate few Archie let through on sight alone.
He straightened, and his expression at once became controlled and very blank, and yet he did not move from in front of me, or remove his gaze. I realized that he was waiting for me to act - to determine where we went from here after he had just revealed a great deal of emotion, and put a great deal of himself on the line. I had always known him to be a brave man. My heart ached for him, words I would never have thought belonged out of the world of maudlin fiction, and I took both his hands into mine, pulling him in even as a proper response evaded me.
“You said it was an emergency, Mr. Holmes, and that boy of yours who flagged me down was insistent! What could possibly be the matter that you called on me at home?”
He inhaled slowly, “You are thinking of my three year absence once again.”
I closed his eyelids shut before stepping back. His blood was still on my hands and in my shirt cuffs, and I took a deep breath before turning around to face the rest of the room.
I was too late with my protestations, unfortunately, for in that time Macnair had fully turned around in our booth, and called for the man Holmes was talking with, Abbott.
He gave me a look, and my mirth died down. “What I mean to say is, Holmes. If you wish to know the circumstances, you need only ask.”
“Why in this manner? What has he accomplished other than making me fear for my life? I do not see how this is an attractive way of courting someone!” I cried.
Holmes dismissed any thoughts of the kind. “Why should I reveal to her that what would be obvious, should she just have the patience to ask her to-be fiancé herself? For it is obvious to anyone who possesses some matter of critical thinking: they are letters from an old flame, likely a youthful first love, held onto years later for sentimental purposes.”
I kissed him back and corresponded,
” and then attended a concert at Royal Albert Hall that provided Holmes with both enjoyment and excellent material upon which to lecture me on the cab drive to Baker Street. This in turn brought me enjoyment, as to see Holmes in this element, with his top hat and his tails and debonair air, smiling at me triumphantly upon our front stoop, was a treat worthy of any fancy meal or music.
“Not even Mycroft?” I asked, but my tone was light, and I knew that he knew that I had truly forgiven him, and that the matter had been put to bed.
“That is not what I said.” I sighed, annoyed with myself now that the conversation had taken this unexpected turn. “No. I have long since forgiven you for that, I meant it when I said as much at the time. But the scars are still there, Holmes, and it is not as if you have stopped! Would you really believe I am a weakness to you?
“I did not know.”
Watson, is it not?”
I wished to argue, but the surety in his tone and the quicksilver smile he slipped me prodded my curiosity, as was his intent. “Have you now?”
We got out some streets away from Macnair’s townhouse residence, and walked the rest of the way. Holmes used this time to bring me up to speed on some other particulars that he had gathered from the man’s person. He stopped our walking all of a sudden, and we swept to the side as he pulled out his cigarette case, handing me his walking stick and gesturing for me to face away from the street, continuing his observations.
I removed my hat to brush some of the wetness off, cursing myself for having forgotten to bring an umbrella, when Holmes chuckled. “Well, Watson, I suppose we have found our connection to the floriography.” And he gestured around us.
“You have found our accomplice then?” I referred to his wording last night, and he nodded knowingly.
He smiled then, one that did not quite reach his eyes and made him appear almost saddened, “I confess, Watson, that I quickly came to realize that infinite time in your presence would not satisfy me.”
With lack of choice, I held out my hand. “John Watson. How do you do.”
“This is precisely what I had hoped to avoid, dear boy!” He said, stepping closer to me and taking the card back. “I had not wished to alarm you, especially when the facts are not yet clear.”
He was distraught, and looked to me with an abundance of feeling like I had never seen in him, and emotions that could not have been possible even if I were dreaming. Desperation. Longing. And yet here he stood before me, living and breathing and
“That is where I think you are wrong, Johnny, though I am pleased to hear your voice chime in. You are certain of my guilt then?”
“Nonsense! This is a test of Fate, and we should be toasting to her!” Macnair sneered. “Or indeed, to Dr. John Watson himself. Cheers!”
“Goodnight, Watson. Do try not to dwell.” My friend said, before he shut the door to the sitting room behind me.
Mrs. Hudson greeted us at the door, which was surprising due to the lateness of the hour. By now she most usually would have retired, as she knew better than to wait up for us, and we had been out these past couple days.
"Certainly,"
He smiled at me over the cigarette in his mouth, before quirking his head. I looked in the direction he indicated, to a church across the street, where to my surprise our own Douglas Macnair was exiting, shaking hands with the priest in thanks for the service.
“Exactly.” said Holmes, finishing, not seeming to notice the tone of jest in my twee statement. It all at once filled me with such affection for the man that I abandoned my manuscript to get into bed beside him. I dislodged him slightly in the process, and he grumbled but otherwise simply allowed me to wrap my arms around him, and kiss his forehead.
“Good morning, Watson,” he greeted as I took my seat opposite him, “do you have any engagements for today?”
Macnair, after a long minute, surprised me by nodding. “Alright.”
I looked down to my walking stick hitting the pavement as we walked, appalled. I had known Macnair had more attachment to me than I had to him, I was not completely blind, however I again believed it to be harmless. I would have thought that the extended knowledge of my grief and lost love for Holmes would have dissuaded him if anything. Even if he nevertheless persisted in his regard for me, could he really be behind such extreme and outrageous acts as these?
- holmes and watson's gay little
My friend Sherlock Holmes had received death threats before. The infamous Professor Moriarty had arrived in person to deliver his, there was one in the almost laughable display of strength by Dr. Roylott, and years later, there will be yet another menacing warning from a Baron that Holmes will merely throw aside with something like mirth, horrifying me. And there were - and unfortunately will continue to be - countless others. For as long as he continued this line of work threats to his life would remain a constant danger, and this he explained to me painstakingly each time one arrived as if this clarification would somehow lessen my horror. However, all these demonstrations had been poor preparation for the first time a death threat was sent to Baker Street marked clearly not for Holmes, but for me.
I merely laughed before sending him on his way, rising myself from the bench to call a cab and set off for my club, where I had a pressing engagement to arrange. I was filled with nerves, but steeled myself, thinking of the faith my friend had put into me.
I opened the door to an empty sitting room, but the small fire in the grate told me that I was not alone, even as the door to Holmes’ room appeared shut. I led my companions to take seats, sitting in my own chair and Abbott taking the settee. Macnair chose Holmes’ armchair, and I felt the wrongness snarl in my gut.
“It was a rather mundane turn of events, wasn’t it?”
We finally reached a respectable enough street that I felt comfortable to call a cab, and we got in. I was eager to have this conversation at Baker Street instead of a London taxi, but I sought answers, so I merely asked Holmes to lay out his reasoning. He did so, but even I could tell he was curtailing some of his relish for my sake. “Currently the largest indications of his guilt are circumstantial, but they are certainly substantial enough to put him under great suspicion. He shares all the personal qualities we have agreed that the suspect possesses, as well as a decent motive. He matches the visual description that Mrs. Hudson was able to give us, with his strong jaw, shoulder-length hair, and defined nose. And there is likely an established connection between him and our victim last night, with their both being journalists - we need only to have the man identified and it will be clear that they knew each before and therefore he had the means to lure him to his death. Not to mention that he has been established to be a violent man in the past.”
“John Watson! Why it’s been quite some time, hasn't it! Some of the lads reckoned you’d done forgotten about us completely, especially when we heard the news about your fella returning from the dead and all.” He unlocked the door to let me in immediately, and I was able to see once again the age-hardened and kindly elderly man that guarded entry to this sanctuary of sorts.
At this familiar disrespect Mrs. Hudson regained some color. “He denied tea when I asked, in favor of some water for his friend, who didn’t speak a word while I saw him, and I only left then but a minute for me to fetch some water.” She looked down at her lap before admitting one last thing. “I didn’t see the former leave sir, but I did hear the door shut sometime after, though at the time I assumed it was Billy back after forgetting his umbrella again.”
“Perfect, as I plan to bring about the end to this wretched business tonight, and I will need your instrumental presence there for the events to play out accordingly. Very soon we will be entertaining someone who is to serve in the little scheme I have constructed.”
Douglas Macnair grinned one final time. “Of course.” The fight left him, and he finally went limp in my arms.
“Ho-“
“Ha!” Holmes merely laughed, not even looking from the papers in his lap and I groaned internally knowing that mediation was once again on my shoulders alone.
“Judging by the hairs still remaining on his collar and dress, his facial hair has recently been cut down to a familiar style - within the man’s last few hours.” Holmes noted, his voice unexpectedly quiet and in a much graver register. His change in tone made me look closer, and I observed then that the man’s moustache looked almost exact to my own. This information on its own should mean little - mine was of a rather common style - and yet the tone in which Holmes brought this to my attention told me all I needed to know of its grim quality.
We operated in this fashion for quite some time, me writing down his amendments and the room silent besides, when there was a knock at the door followed by the entry of Mrs. Hudson.
“Why then, have you needed to call upon Macnair at night, if you have said that you were not lovers or anything of the kind?” Holmes aired his question all in one stream, thundering ahead as if he did not want to think too hard about the consequences. Again I bit back a kind of smile.
“That is a question not even I could possibly answer.” He smiled winningly, making me chuckle.
“What?”
At that, I had no response. It was rare that Holmes entreated me to the kind words he did now, mainly as it was not often in his nature to speak plainly of the friendship between us. When he did, however, it caught me as off guard as any of his actions did, and reminded me once again of his unpredictability. As such I tucked those words beneath my breastbone.
, what of that, man?”
“We may have engaged in some,” I hesitated, “harmless flirtation, here and there, and I will admit that over the months we developed a closeness that means he was privy to many of my secrets by way of- dear God.”
Hearing it aloud and confirmed by Holmes only intensified what fear I had been feeling since the beginning of these events. It was chilling to suddenly find myself targeted so specifically, and within a place I felt so safe. I put a stop to these thoughts, however, as I endeavored to keep this panic at bay for it was not useful. My brain was needed for other exploits at the moment and I could not appear to be weak. I pulled myself together, and faced Lestrade’s incredulous gaze.
I placed a hand on his knee so as to halt him and keep speaking, before looking out the carriage window rather than at him. “Those months without you or my wife were dark indeed. I had no true friend left, as Mary’s lover too had emigrated to America to escape her own grief, and it was in this vulnerability that Macnair was able to secure my friendship. I am not blind, I knew then that he had something to hide and was not nearly as genial as he claimed, but I have always believed, perhaps naively, that a man’s past is its own country and that he had had a right to his secrets as I did to mine. Even as my secrets ceased to be so.
The man himself was making his way back home now, and we trailed after him carefully even as a light drizzle began and his pace quickened. We kept him in sight until he finally disappeared up the steps of his townhouse, and only then did we have a chance to take shelter from the ensuing downpour ourselves, ducking into the closest storefront.
“Yes!” I said, emphatically, wondering what danger he’d perceived to be so great as to be reduced to such trepidation.
From somewhere I could not identify, as was the logic of dreams, some music began to play - a waltz of some sort. Holmes opened his arms to me and raised his eyebrows as if in invitation and I remember laughing, as my friend in real life loathed dances and balls of all sorts, mainly due to the unuseful mingling of strangers, and when he had been made to go he never once deigned to dance unless forced. Still, he looked at me challengingly now, as if daring me to call attention to this, and even in my dreams I was helpless not to agree and go along with him. I stepped into his arms, and felt them take warm purchase on my own, drawing me into his embrace.
This new telling of events heightened the involvement of James Abbott. Holmes claimed that Douglas Macnair had had an affair with the former’s sister, but Abbott had heard rumors of Macnair’s exploits, and so as the protective brother he had broken their engagement, spurring Macnair’s ire. The latter had then begun taunting Abbott with the murdered lookalikes, with the flowers being a result of the sister’s affinity for floriography. It was only at my own coincidental discovery of them at his club and subsequent invitation to sup at Baker Street that the altercation had broken out and resolved itself. Abbott had stepped in, and acted in order to save Holmes’ life, and should be therefore treated with leniency.
He continued as if I hadn’t spoken, nodding to himself. “Indeed, you possess a certain charm that allows you to understand what people need from you at that present moment, which speaks to a great generosity and an open heart.”
Holmes just shook his head, not looking at me. “This is the way it has to go, unfortunately. I hope you may forgive me one day, my dear Watson.”
The events of this singular case can never be published, that much has been abundantly clear since the moment the body was found in our sitting room. I considered for a while not penning it at all for risk of our safety, and yet over time have reconsidered, finding comfort in putting it to paper here, in my most private of journals where it will then, of course, go on to the tin-dispatch box at Cox & Co along with the rest of my materials that carry details of cases that deal with delicate matters.
What greeted me however, cut any exhilaration short, as Holmes failed to answer my retort, instead standing still in the doorway to our sitting room with his expression shattered in a way I had never seen before and hope I never again will. I immediately went to his side, to see what he was looking at that would inspire such shock, and was not disappointed.
I lost my battle, and laughed anyway. “After all this time? It is without a doubt.” And in the spirit of no longer leaving things unsaid, and in freeing the words that had been living beneath my breastbone since I could scarcely remember, “I love you.”
I have always been a sociable sort, which could be a blessing as well as a curse. I thrived on conversation, and while I did not have any when I had first moved back to London after my deployment I did have a select few friends outside of Holmes, and outside of the one I was in now I was a familiar face at my other, more reputable and conventional club. As I’d said before to Inspector Lestrade, I was largely an amiable person, and could be counted on to uphold entire dialogues with strangers when the task fell to me to handle a talkative client that Holmes refused to entertain. During the brief but also painfully long time in which both Holmes and Mary were lost to me, I had wasted away, unused to not having constant company.
I gave a shrug, helpless with the grand speech he had just made of my virtues, and his countenance, and what that may mean. “You have made your case, and although some part of me still rebels against it, I realize that there is no way I can come to understand how speedily your mind works when it is confronted with a problem, and how explaining the details of your plans can take time. As long as I have your word that you trust me, and that on the occasion that the situation is truly dire, you take me into your confidence. Can you do that?”
Lestrade glanced at me hesitantly, though I could not tell if it was unconsciously done or not. “Similar to the man you found last night, sir, short light brown hair, neat moustache, typically of average height and athletic or square build, although yours was slightly taller. And I can’t describe it, really, but something about the ears as well, seemed reminiscent of...” He trailed off, and looked determinedly instead at the curtains.
“We’re dreadfully sorry, Mrs. Hudson, we will have it cleaned up by the end of the day, I promise. In that time we would greatly benefit from one of your delicious lunches, as it will no doubt speed our progress.”
Putting aside the lengthy but largely unextraordinary record of a F. Vogel, I then picked up the next form only to see to my surprise my own name. Before me was my own file, that before now I hadn’t known existed.
“Bravo, Watson.” Holmes said, and I rolled my eyes, and gestured for him to continue dictating the report of one Mrs. E. Knightley, a gentlewoman jewelry thief whom I was eager to hear the details of.
I looked to Holmes, stunned. “He’s dead.”
Lestrade wished us well, before taking Abbott away in chains. The young man would stand trial, but with my testimony and the winning speech Holmes no doubt was already drafting in his brilliant mind now, he would be given some clemency and a smaller sentence over all. I gave him a smile as he left, before going to close the door behind them.
“Two men?” asked Holmes, to which Mrs. Hudson nodded.
An image now crumbled, I was sure, as I told him all this, barring the secrets my wife had died with, and the pieces that put together my affectionate regard for him. I was sure they were readily obvious, especially to his mind, and yet I did not believe I could part with that secret until I absolutely must. Everything else I lay bare, feeling as if I had just pulled down the walls and coverings I had built above my heart these long years.
Holmes gestured for him to take a seat at our table, and then sat opposite him as he did, facing the window and me. He then immediately rose to bring the bottle of whiskey that sat on our sideboard and two glasses, which he laid on the table before sitting down once again.
At that Holmes’ brows furrowed and his gaze averted to the rug, to which he gave a glare. “Somehow it escaped even my notice. Perhaps I did not know to look, and did not think to. An enormous oversight on my part.” He looked back to me, and upon seeing my expression, the frown cleared. “All the same - I see no reason that this should change my regard for you in any way.”
I nodded gamely. “If London and the world merely had the good sense to follow in our example, then their affairs would proceed much smoother.”
Lestrade let out a large exhale at that, and I believe I mirrored him. I did not know what to make of any of what had transpired, and Holmes’ expression did not settle my nerves at all.
“Stop.” I told him to no avail, as he merely chuckled, sitting up at the edge of the chair to pontificate, his grin back on his face but now unbidden in its sinister quality.
I sank slowly into my armchair, exhausted by the stressful events of the day. Holmes’ eyes were on me, I could feel their weight, and yet I said nothing so as to give him time to percolate, taking out my cufflinks as I waited. They had been a gift from him last Christmas, and I took care to wipe off any blood I could now, but they would need proper cleaning later. I placed them down onto my side table and sighed, only to find that Holmes’ gaze was still trained on me.
“Ah, well. That’s that ship sailed then. Still it bears asking, why exactly do you think your Mr. Holmes is so insistent upon my confessing to the murders? Why not take me off in irons now?”
“Yes, you hold yourself with the air of a medical man, sir.”
“A pact, of sorts. You have said it yourself: I am not worthy of Watson, and that alone is reason for me to die tonight. However, what is your alternative? I doubt he will go with you now regardless of whether I meet my end here tonight, and while you have gone to great lengths to prove that he is irreplaceable it is evident that he is not, and that you are. So therefore, my suggestion is this. We leave it to fate’s hands, and both consume your poison.”
“You are a contemptible man, but you were my friend.” I told him, “How could you have done this?”
- Mrs. Hudson letting ppl into their empty apartment, unfortunately, is true to canon. one of the few slights against our beloved landlady.
“Excellent.” Holmes clapped his hands together, standing to begin pacing. “Now, here is the sequence of events as I have devised them.
I faced Holmes, who looked to me with some indecipherable expression, but that burned me to the core nevertheless. “Then I have one reason, I suppose, to be grateful for that wretched man’s existence.”
“Our first course of action, of course, is to find his home address.”
“Which is?”
“One of those is not like the other.” Lestrade pointed out. “The last of those traits could mean-”
- i only allowed myself one watson "I ejaculated!" total, and here i went and used it up in the first chapter
When put like that, a fair few cases came to mind, in which a great number of tragedies and worries could have been avoided had the individuals made peace with themselves and their loved ones. I said as much to Holmes, further adding fire to his jeremiad.
Whatever his true motivation for keeping me away was this time, I would not be privy to it until the end of the case, and even then maybe not. Forgiven him as I had, I had still not forgotten how he had allowed me to fall victim to the note on those dreadful Falls, turning me away in order to face the threat alone. And then letting me believe he was dead and gone for three long terrible, painful years, all for some reason that would only be revealed to me afterward when he returned to me in my consulting room only ten months prior. Try as it might, it had always seemed to me as a lack of trust.
“His actions were his own, Holmes! It was a quick one, yes, but it was his decision alone to pick up the revolver and point it at Macnair, and I will not have blame put on him for having saved your life!”
As touched as I was by his gesture it meant nothing in the face of our current situation, and I broke free from his grasp. “How can you say that! I doubt I will get any sleep tonight, as at the very least I aim to be by your side as we get to the bottom of this. I believe it is my right.”
He raised a hand, stopping my protests. I did not know what I would say anyway. He turned back to Macnair. “I have no way of stopping your actions through legal means, nor can I let you go however. So then may I ask, if you knew then that Watson would be leading you to me, why come at all?”
“What? Macnair?” I stopped in my tracks, and then exclaimed a second later, “He is not my lover!”
“That may be so,” I said cautiously, “but you forget that other people are allowed to act outside of you, Holmes, whether you would like them to or not. Even if you are in possession of their trust and loyalty, they should not be a burden to you.”
“But you must, my dear boy, or you will be of no use to me tomorrow, and more than ever I need you by my side in this matter. It is of utmost importance.” Holmes turned to me as he spoke, his eyes gentler than I had seen them, and somehow he guided me to stand from my chair and raised a hand when I tried to speak. “I myself will not be sleeping tonight, that is a given, so you may take my room and my bed, Watson.”
Macnair lowered his gun slightly, frowning. His
He blinked, taken aback by my frankness, but I soldiered on. “Holmes, you have always - and
“But how am I to help?”
I nodded, pulling out my pencil and beginning my task as he started to expound on the important details of one J. J. Binder who had instigated a number of assaults over the summer of ‘93.
Holmes did not blink. “That is somewhat of a given, as we cannot expect anyone willing to send a message in this fashion is doing so out of any goodness in their heart.” Holding them in his left hand, he used his right to pluck the petunia, and then pulled the next. “Hyacinth. And it bears noting that it is yellow, which could hold particular significance in this language.”
Disappointingly, Lestrade shook his head. “I do not, unfortunately. I can inquire, but not tonight - it’s much too late and I’m technically off-duty.”
“Yes, one night, on an occasion I had reason to visit.”
“Thank you, Archie.” I said politely instead, before entering inside as he let me pass. The whole of it encompassed many rooms intended for private purposes, and organized in a veritable maze, but for tonight I merely made my way to the main part of the establishment where there was a bar, music, and a comfortable atmosphere meant to enrich and relax. It was all just as I remembered it, and I was struck instantly by the sounds and smells and sights that had greeted me when I had been a more frequent visitor, and for a second was taken back to the state of mind that I had been in then - lonely, and desperate not to be so.
“What?”
After some minutes, I spoke up once again. “In the interest of honesty, Holmes…”
Holmes set down the damp cloth that took away the last vestiges of his guise. “That is the precise problem at hand. I am loath to bring Macnair forth to the authorities on that specific charge, not the least because of how he may implicate us in his downfall, but also as I would hate to be made a hypocrite and allow him to be at the hands of a law that I believe fundamentally to be unjust. Willful murder is his crime, and it is for murder that he must be charged!”
- The Adventure of the Naval Treaty
We all stood up then to leave, but Abbott spoke up before we could go far. “Mr. Macnair! You seem to have forgotten your nosegay.”
I have never been dismissed in this way, while in the middle of a case no less, and especially one that took place within our own sitting room. Therefore I balked at the suggestion. “Of course not, Holmes! Why would I leave now!”
He shrugged, then immediately winced. “‘Wanted your attention, didn’t I? And you were one for a puzzle, so I did my best to give you one,” he shifted, shutting his eyes, “- perfectly suited for you.”
The villain before me let out a dark laugh. “Layman that I may be, it was simple. Your coat and hat still on the stand, the fire already lit when we entered. Not to mention the shock sent through me at having received an invitation to dine with one John Watson, one that had not been extended to me in all the months of our closest acquaintance but suddenly appeared now, on the heels of my largest foray into criminality.” His stare turned to me. “It was all very
Greg has already opened a sliding door in the living room, revealing an equally disorganized kitchen and a cluttered dining table. He grumbled through putting the kettle on. “You want something to eat as well?”
” Every nerve is on fire, John’s body telling him that he is experiencing intense pain and incredible pleasure at the same time.
The Dominus pauses again, knuckles pressed against John’s perineum. John’s body has almost accepted the pressure when he begins scissoring his fingers, stretching John further still. John presses his eyes closed and pushes back onto the fingers, breathing through his nose and biting his lip to stay quiet.
John relaxes when Murray stops moving, focuses on breathing.
“Tedious. Give me your neck.”
She gives him a once-over and reaches for the chain dangling from the wall.
Think about John, think about him letting you, about him wanting to be there… he'd be able to get up, to walk away and stop this thing you are going to do to him… but he won't… he wants it as much as you do so he'd stay. He can get up, can tell you no. You are evenly matched, he's stronger than he looks, stronger than you gave him credit for at first. If he wanted to go you couldn't stop him. But he doesn't want to go.
Murray laughs, a low rumble of pleasure. “Does this mean you wanna go steady?” He pushes himself up far enough to slap John’s arse.
Again apologies for the long hiatus. Real life and such. It feels like a cop-out but I know it isn't, my life went a bit mental, as they do... Now... I appear to be back in form and chugging along nicely.
The Dominus ghosts his fingers over John’s jaw. “Luckily, you aren’t here for your musical abilities.” He turns back to the desk, opening a small box and pulling out a length of blindfold. Thick and deep black, wide enough that John won’t be able to peek out around the edges. He pauses before he lowers it over John’s eyes, nearly enough time for John to decide that he can handle this, that he doesn’t need to safeword.
“Murray.” John’s blood sings, but he manages to tamp down his arousal, holding the doss bag in front of him to cover the more obvious signs.
“You can and you are. More importantly you
.” This one is a whisper, barely a breath in John’s ear. Murray twists John’s arm higher and pushes him flat against the door, John’s shoulder and elbow protesting. Murray’s weight surrounds John, and everything goes still.
John leans forward and presses his advantage. “I thought Donovan’s head was going to explode when you opened that secret door. Honestly, who even has secret doors anymore?”
He scrubs his hands over his face, rubbing at his temples and his hairline. He’s going to stay, he’ll stay and watch Sherlock grow old. Do everything in his power to make sure Sherlock dies, old and wrinkled and peaceful. He’ll watch it all happen, there is nothing else he can do now.
“No, they’ve been here the entire time. Mostly they are human. And it is debatable that they ‘started’ the war. Anyway, pharmacology owes most of its advances to Dominii trying to make synthetic neurochemicals to solve the whole ‘blood sucking vampire’ problem. It works mostly, but there is something missing, and if they are on synths for too long they get… well they get mean. Sherlock has been on synths for most of the time I’ve known him.”
John closes the door behind him. “Is that the not-linked-linked suicides?”
John makes one small noise in the back of his throat and flicks his tongue out and along the crease of Murray’s fingers.
John nods at her and turns his attention to the bowl. He hasn’t seen fresh fruit in longer than he cares to think about, he tries to savour it but ends up bolting it, pausing only long enough to sip tea to ease the food down. He pushes the last bit of banana onto his spoon, trying to tell himself that if he asked for another bowl she would bring him one, that he doesn’t need to worry about when or where or how his next meal will appear.
me those cigarettes and told me to keep them from you. You know where they are if you want them.” He shakes the paper out and returns to waiting for Sherlock to drop the other shoe.
The Dominus’ tongue probes at the wound, rough and wet and John can tell when he stops bleeding because the Dominus sighs against his skin.
“Better. I take it I have light sensitivity to look forward to?”
What happens when John is alone, after.
“No sugar. Black’s fine.”
, he doesn’t get updates, and that’s good.
. ‘I prefer women, Dominus.’ I see the truth now.” The Dominus licks John’s shoulder, chasing a trickle of blood. “You’re anemic, more leafy greens for you, young man.” He laughs into John’s skin as John tries to both press forward into the Dominus’ hand and back onto his cock.
“That’s it. Good boy, you’re mine now.” The Dominus’ hand leaves John’s body and he hears only the wet snap of the glove being removed and tossed on the floor. John’s breathing is loud in his ears, blocking out most of the details around him. John sees the graceful arc of the Dominus’ trousers as they are tossed on the bed, and the second cold splash of lube on his arse is a shock he barely has time to recover from before the Dominus is pushing into him again.
John sighs and opens the tube, frowning at bit at how empty it is. “Better hurry, before I decide to just fuck my fingers and leave you in the cold.” John smears his fingers with a probably-not-enough-but-it-will-have-to-do glob of lube and swipes them over his hole before pushing in. He inhales sharply at the way his nails feel against the abused skin but pushes further and groans. “Fuck, that hurts… fucking spit is not lube, Murray.” He pushes deeper and works the lube in as gently as he can.
“I might’ve just sucked you off and gone back to sleep. You
John manages to moan around the Dominus’ cock, his hips jerking against nothing. It is better and worse that he can’t touch himself. Sort of pathetic that he is on edge just from the taste, from the idea of the Dominus filling his mouth.
The Dominus’ fingers curl under his collar, pulling firmly. “Up.”
John tilts his head and feels cool fingers pulling at the lock. When the chain falls away he is hauled to his feet with gentle pressure around his collar. He blinks rapidly and takes in the Dominus in front of him; pale skin, high cheekbones and a mop of unruly hair, dark purple shirt and black trousers John might have been able to afford second hand on his army pension.
Greg surprises him when he asks, “Do you take anything in your coffee?”
And then I turned into a chicken who didn't actually want to write the next scene which should have been confronting the cabbie. So I skipped right to the part where Greg shows up and explains what the hell is going on.
“Sherlock only keeps the good stuff in. Maybe for the next cup.” Greg shifts, pulling himself away from the back of the couch to put his mug down on the coffee table. “What did he tell you?”
The line goes dead in John’s ear and he smiles, twiddling the phone between his fingers as he watches the progressively urban scenery pass him by.
about me. Name’s Greg. I’m Mycroft’s familiar.” There’s a hint of dry humour in his voice and John turns his head to take a proper look at him.
“John. Please don’t. John. Don’t go.” Crashing certainty, pure knowing. John means not only to erase their last conversation but his entire existence from Sherlock’s memory. The fear, not that John has been telling the truth, but that John will be gone, and Sherlock will not even know he existed. He feels connections severed, his body being wrested from his control one vertebrae at a time. Sherlock lashes out, lurches from his chair and flops, graceless as a landed sea creature. Lands mercifully on John’s lap, crushing the paper between them before he slides to the floor, curling helpless around John’s feet. “Please, don’t... I need you... John.”
John clings to the last moment of contact with the floor, thinking perhaps he will not survive after all. Once his right foot leaves the floor and the lock engages with his cuff all of the chains tighten, loosening the pull on his collar and contorting his body further into a kneeling position. The Dominus slides a latex sheet under John’s torso, attaching it to more chain so that most of his weight is no longer supported by his arms and legs. He’s completely exposed and open, floating and positioned at just the right height. His cock twitches against the latex, it really shouldn’t be turning John on… the idea that he’s about to give himself over completely to this stranger.
“Food’s better than Pharrus 7, I reckon.”
“I... I thought you weren’t interested... so I didn’t bother filling in the glamour.” The edge of the paper trembles. “I can make you forget about it... if you’d rather not know.” He closes the paper, levels his best,
(See the end of the chapter for
********
She reaches out to take the dishes from him. “That’s a good boy. If you need anything in the mean time, don’t shout. The house system will let me know.”
“John.” Sherlock clears his throat and sets down his wine glass. “It… normally this sort of thing is beneath me… but I’ve been informed that it can be…” He fidgets with his unused desert spoon. “It has been a year, nearly… I’m told… since our first case… and of course it’s base sentiment.” It really shouldn’t be possible to pause so much and still speak as quickly as Sherlock does, as though the words are causing him pain and he wants to get them out, or maybe keep them in. “Mrs. Hudson has suggested that we celebrate.”
John screams, ragged and cut off when the Dominus grabs his hips and slams back into him, fucking him harder and faster than before.
The Dominus holds the door open and gestures broadly for John to enter. The room is very nearly the opposite of what John expected. Books strewn on every surface, dark woods and leather and the faint smell of cigarette smoke.
good soldier.” The Dominus’ hand strokes over the top of John’s head, and John groans, the image replaced by one of the Dominus with his head thrown back, biting his lip to stay quiet as he pushes into John.
Mrs. Hudson stands beside a rolling clothes stand sorting through shirts and trousers, occasionally looking over her shoulder to look at John. “Are you alright, dear?”
“It’s like that?”
is what orgasm should feel like. John’s cock is soft and spent between his legs but every nerve in his body is on fire with pleasure; such pleasure as to erase the memory of pain forever from his mind, he cannot feel the pull of the chains at his wrists, the strain on his hamstrings from the position. All the small pleasures of John’s life vanish as well, and he knows he will never desire anything else but this.
She’s flustered and John reddens, stammers an apology and almost burns his tongue off on the soup.
The guilt keeps him from thinking about it. Of course there are times when he can’t help but notice, the flicker of John’s eyes to Sherlock’s lips, the way John shifts in his chair. It creeps into Sherlock’s mind, pushing its way past his defenses and…
Sherlock pulls John back, needs to see the slide of his prick into John’s mouth. And
John closes his eyes, ducks his chin down. He wants to say no, wants to deny the way his bones ache with need. His knees collapse under his weight and he hits the floor hard, curling down until his forehead is pressed against the floor. “Yes, Dominus.” His voice feels small, caught in the back of his throat, his lips rasping over the pile of the Persian rug.
“We tried to live with you, tried to co-exist. You fought against us, and yet you volunteered for this… suicide by Dominus? Will you provoke me until I kill you?”
of them. One survived, and... well apparently the whole thing made her insane, but her family hid her away...” John coughs, twists in his chair, clearly contemplating vaulting over the armrest and bolting from the room. Sherlock forces his gaze to remain steady, fixed on John’s face, even an instant of inattention and John will undoubtedly disappear. “My father didn’t present until... well... much later. He was well over a century... and of course he didn’t know anything about his father... beyond the dragon aspect, and his mother wasn’t... able to help. It was different then, you could live as a hermit... and people didn’t bother you. He moved around like that for a couple centuries... leaving places when it became obvious that the crazy old man on the hill... wasn’t getting any older. By then he’d sorted out the... influences needed to hide what he really was.” John fidgets, lifts his empty tea mug and sets it back down, taps his finger on the rim. “Eastern Europe and Russia mostly. Here occasionally... when Harry and I were young. He wasn’t a very nice man. He had his share of runs from pitchfork-wielding mobs.” John smiles and it is
Thank you everyone for reading, I love you all. I also love Consulting Smartass even though she hates it when I say so.
John drops his head between his knees, and maybe he will throw up after all, gulping air and swallowing hard against the bile in his throat because he’d forgotten all about the rickshaw driver. Poisoning people so his Dominus could drink from him while he got off on the killing.
He'd swallow it if you did, but you could pull out, you could come on his face or his chest. You could tell him to turn over, tell him that he felt so good. "John, take it."
“They have families?” John had fought a war against them, never once had anyone said anything about families of Dominii.
“Unlikely, if the killer is working alone his partner would have noticed and reported him. If they are working together…” An extravagant flourish of his wrist, he brushes the idea away.
“That’s the idea, Watson.” Murray grinds his hips against John’s arse. “You going to be good for me?”
John’s eyes roll slightly back in his head when the Dominus adjusts the collar of his shirt, the backs of the Dominus’ knuckles pressing against his throat for an instant.
“I thought you said he wasn’t bad.” John lifts the spoon to his mouth.
He’d never bothered much with choosing sides, given his limited involvement in everyday politics. It became more important as time went on, and people… well people got worse, or possibly better at being evil all on their own. John reset three times during the Second Great War, taking special pleasure in killing Nazis. “
“He hasn’t told you anything has he? Of course not. Bloody Sherlock. Well if I’m going to give you the birds and bees talk can we at least go get some tea?”
John drops the bag and moves to defend himself, breaking the hold Murray has on his shoulders and pushing back, sliding his foot between Murray’s and hooking around Murray’s ankle to try and pull him down. Murray shifts his balance and pushes forward against John, shoving them both through the doorway. John manages to land a solid left, but then he’s caught and pressed into the door. His left arm twisted up behind him and his nose and mouth full of the smell of old wood and varnish.
John lets Murray’s fingers drop from his mouth and whimpers. “Fuck,
The laugh is nothing at all like John’s normal amused chuckle; dark and deep and completely outside of Sherlock’s experience of John. “That’s just like you. Thank you, Sherlock, for proving me right after all. You’d rather it was me that was the end of you… but what about me? Having to live with myself, yeah… that’s easy enough. I destroy everything I love and have to keep on. At least if I leave you now you will have a chance.”
“I… it still matters.”
John has to look away, clear his throat and sip some wine…
“And the fucking?”
“You’d like that, maybe I should keep you for myself then. You’d be a good boy, just for me, wouldn’t you Watson?”
His hair’s still damp but he is pronounced presentable nearly an hour later when he’s kneeling outside the Dominus’ door.
The workout room is just across the hall from ‘his’ room, blank white corridor stretching out on both sides. Open doors to signify his path.
I have a whole other chapter in my head about the difference between thralls and familiars. I'm sorry i am trash who never finishes anything. I will try not to take 3 years to write more of this. It is honestly uncomfortable sometimes to write and i don't want to make it apologetic.
Sherlock manages to make the simple statement of John’s name the most erotic thing John has heard in lifetimes. It helps of course that Sherlock looks ruined, his suit jacket hopelessly wrinkled and pushed down his shoulders, pinning his hands behind him. His shirt, admittedly one of John’s favourites (which is the only thing that stopped John from simply ripping the buttons off), a glorious dark contrast to the bright pink flush and sheen of sweat over Sherlock’s torso.
John half turns and looks at the Dominus, eyebrow raised. “You aren’t.”
Sherlock doesn’t say anything about John having been away, despite John lugging his duffel up the stairs right under Sherlock’s nose. But he also doesn’t show any adverse side effects from John’s memory wipe. He just picks up a conversation John knows nothing about, makes frustrated noises about having to go back over the more important bits. John falls into his chair with a sigh, hiding any traces of a smile under his ‘Yes Sherlock, I’m listening face.’ Getting back up to speed only takes an hour or so, and then John pretends to poke at his blog and Sherlock eventually takes up the violin.
“Yeah, I get it.” John settles onto the floor and arranges the loose robe around him, fighting to keep his expression clear.
He rolls his shoulders and pushes himself up into a proper kneeling position. Waiting is easy, the army taught him that, and waiting for something that might end him is even easier, because it is more like anticipation. His adrenaline spikes and he’s calmer than before, ready for what comes next.
.” The Dominus’ voice is calm and cold, his fingers tighten on John’s hip and thigh as John tries futilely to pull away.
“Yes, Dominus.” Captured, he’d been given
“What do I call you?”
“Why do you care? Chances are you aren’t leaving here.” The Dominus tilts his head, eyes still sparking green.
Murray nods and slips past John, heading back to the dining hall for his pack. “See you in the morning.”
” The pain gives way to pleasure, and he begins to notice the friction on his cock against the latex sheet, the Dominus’ thrusts shoving him forward, the Dominus’ hands pulling him back. “
Greg watches him take a bite of toast, then raises his mug to his lips and sips. “I forgot the whiskey.” He groans.
“Not more than necessary, no. I’m no fledgling.” The Dominus moves around John, closer than necessary but not touching him yet. “Take that off.”
You could make it sound like it wasn't a question, like you were sure… because he'd want it that way. He'd want to be told, to be able to pretend that he didn't have a choice, but he'd lean against the side of your bed, and he'd push back into you because he wants to.
Except he doesn’t, he moves, slides, shifts himself closer. The space between their chairs is so small if Sherlock stretches he can rest his feet on John’s lap. He hasn’t, but he could. Such a small space, John doesn’t even have to stand to cross it, just leans forward until he’s not sitting in his chair but kneeling between Sherlock’s knees. And from there... it is only a moment’s work, the brush of fingers over button and zip, a subtle movement on Sherlock’s part, an opening of hips, a spreading of knees.
“Gods,
John pushes his hand between them, demanding space to stroke his cock.
John consciously stops breathing, holding his breath as long as he can before hauling in a long sharp gasp through the small space Murray’s hand allows. If he’s not breathing he’s not moaning… and that’s fucking fantastic, because when he’s not moaning Murray fucks him harder than ever. He’s raw from last night, and it fucking
*******************************
When Sherlock opens his eyes John is back in his chair, never having moved except in Sherlock’s mind. The pattern of light in the room has changed, and John must have gotten up to make himself tea… No, Mrs. Hudson has been and gone, there’s tea beside Sherlock as well, cool but not cold.
John does, putting his hands on the floor to help unfold his legs, and wiggling his toes to restore sensation.
John daydreams, watching Murray’s hands move on the other side of the fire. Murray always talks with his hands but it gets worse, or maybe better from John’s perspective, when one of their unit finds a stashed bottle of whiskey in a locked bottom desk drawer.
John follows, trying to keep the middle distance between the bed and the frame. Oddly hopeful that passing too close to the frame will trigger the maglocks in his cuffs and collar and he will get dragged into the frame.
the smile Sherlock saw when John had admitted to killing the cabbie, this one sends a shiver through Sherlock.
All of this and Sherlock is blushing again, stammering about Mrs. Hudson baking and Molly and Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson invited Mycroft, but he won’t show his face, but if John thinks it is ridiculous then they can cancel… nothing has been decided yet… all merely Mrs. Hudson’s meddling.
Murray spits, smears John’s hole with his thumb, pushing in just to the first knuckle. John pushes back, giving himself enough space, bracing himself on his right arm and his forehead, he turns his head to the side and sinks his teeth into the meat of his arm to keep from crying out as Murray pushes in.
John stands, feeling fragile and stiff, like a puppet with its strings cut learning to stand on his own. He moves to the door and pushes it gently, not really believing it will move until it swings out towards Greg and he catches it to pull it the rest of the way open.
Plot? What's happening? I know... i promise
John’s knees go a bit weak when Murray wraps his arms around John, rough fingers wrapping around John’s cock and pulling, sharp quick tugs, faster than the movements of his hips. Murray’s other hand covers John’s mouth, stifling the moans that John can’t bite back.
know about John Hamish Watson.
The Dominus narrows his eyes, flicks his fingers to shut off the wall. “And you spent the morning watching the news reports?”
“You enjoy it.”
The temptation to rip the chain out of the wall and bolt is only countered by the sure knowledge that there is nowhere he can go. He straightens his back and looks up at the housekeeper. “Do you stay and watch this, too?”
Ancient One!John tries to balance life with Sherlock.
This at least is like waiting to go into battle, knowing that something… is going to happen. Well, nearly. There’s nothing to decide, nothing to test himself against, nothing to prove. He can safeword out, get shipped off to Pharrus or give himself… well there’s no point in thinking about that. He’s going to do
So he calls Mrs. Hudson, because he is a coward… or maybe just to be sure he’ll be welcomed back. And she confirms that
“Yeah, you do. But it is like being addicted to the addiction, not the drug.” He closes his eyes. “It is the best thing… I’ve ever felt. I can’t describe it.” He takes another long swig of his coffee.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson.”
John chokes and gasps as the second wave of pleasure from the Dominus’ orgasm hits him, body convulsing and mind going blissfully blank.
John straightens again and folds his hands in his lap, resolutely not leaning against the wall for support.
“I believe the term is situational homosexual. You aren’t actually making any effort to maintain a relationship with your... women. You merely want to be seen to be making the effort. If I believed in any of that drivel the argument could be made that we are soul mates. Perfect for each other in every regard. The gentials are secondary to that, surely?”
“Only you do.” John’s mouth has gone dry and he’s getting uncomfortably hard in his pants. Because he’s imagining what it would mean to always need more and then have it be possible.
… He wants Sherlock behind him, pushing into him solid and heavy, he wants the slap of Sherlock’s hips against his arse, to bury his face in Sherlock’s lap until he does gag on Sherlock’s cock. He wants to beg Sherlock to fuck him. “
Sherlock lifts the tea and sips, studying John before he speaks. “Nothing in the paper?”
Which leaves John staring at the way Murray’s hands move when he talks and wondering what they would feel like wrapped around his neck, around the back of his head, pushing John down onto his cock, holding John’s head still while Murray fucks into his mouth.
Greg laughs. And John turns his head to look. “What’s funny?”
Sherlock’s smile is just a tiny bit wicked.
delicious, you taste like sand and fire, and how much you love having my cock in you. Greedy. Little. Soldier.” Sharp hard thrusts for punctuation, squeezing John’s cock to bring him back from the edge.
John isn’t at Harry’s. He’s lost track of her, which it isn’t unusual. They spend decades apart sometimes, finding each other periodically… checking in to make sure the other is still breathing. They are fairly certain that their father had no other children, there’s no way to know for sure. Father never was forth-coming. She turns up when she needs help evading authorities, and he swears it is the last time… every time.
John’s woken by a rattling sound, no memory of how he ended up in the bed in his cell. His eyes are gummy and he sneaks his hand out of his blankets to rub his face, cracks his eyes open against the terrible whiteness of the room.
John shrugs. “I was a doctor and a soldier. I learned clarinet at school.” He nods towards the violin case on one of the chairs. “Doubt I’m any good at it now though.” John licks his lips, suppressing the tiny frisson of fear at the idea that he’s being so cheeky to the Dominus.
John croaks, “Yeah,” before swallowing and trying again. “Fuck, yeah… do it.”
She makes a tiny noise between her teeth and turns towards him. “Is it brighter than yesterday?”
John stumbles, dizzy from the sudden change in position, but the Dominus’ grip stops him from falling. He takes two dragging steps and finds himself bent over the back of the Dominus’ arm chair. The air huffs out of his lungs, but the cool leather feels amazing against his cock and he has to fight to hold himself still, to not rutt against the chair. He knows it is coming and he tries to prepare himself but it is still a shock when the Dominus slides his cock over John’s hole and pushes in. The long slow push, slick with lube as it is, aggravates muscles and skin still sensitive from last night.
“Still not gay, Sherlock.”
John remembers his own mug and sips at it, eyes closing in pleasure as the caffeine hits his blood stream. “Mmm. This is good.”
John circles around London for another day after he decides to go back to Baker street, giving himself a chance to change his mind, to stumble onto some other course of action. Nothing happens, no mysterious black cars, no old friends popping out of the woodwork.
Mentions of tentacles and spousal abuse.
“Get up.” Sharp like the crack of a whip and John is standing again almost as quickly as he had collapsed.
“How do y’feel?” Unfamiliar voice, male, low and warm nothing threatening or aggressive.
John relaxes, apparently he isn’t going to be punished for watching the news, then he tenses again. “So if they were all taken, it has to be someone we would trust… someone that wouldn’t even register as a threat. Military police?”
“That’s a good boy, you’re sweeter when you work for it…” The Dominus drops his hands from John’s body and stops moving entirely.
“Hmm... Yes. Hasty on my part, as I said. I’m willing to reopen the conversation and admit my mistake if you like.”
John rocks back, the Dominus isn’t close enough to touch him, but John can feel the potential violence from across the room. “I’m sorry… Mrs. Hudson, she said I could use the screens. It’s on the news.”
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s heart thuds in his chest. It hadn’t occurred to him to cut himself off from the outside world, even as he accepts that he isn’t going to be rejoining it anytime soon.
He flips through the options on his screen and tries not to pace. He’s good at waiting, but that doesn’t mean he has to like it. He tries to do sit ups, but the robe is too heavy and loose, bunching up and catching at his neck. He’s not ready to do naked sit ups, not with the possibility of Mrs. Hudson walking in at any moment.
“No, just… nothing thanks, tea should taste like tea.”
John looks up when the door opens, eyes trailing over the sharp crisp lines of the Dominus’ suit.
“Yes, dear. But it isn’t as though you’d be the first to change your mind.” She shifts her eyes and looks down the line of cages, three in all, that make up the rest of the room.
John settles into something approaching a routine.
The Dominus’ cock hardens in John’s arse, the pressure on John’s prostate increases, sending spikes of pleasure through him.
John refuses to rise to the bait, not even so much as a twitch of the paper. Sherlock can picture him on the other side of his fragile barrier: lips tight, eyes pressed shut waiting for the punchline. Sherlock waits until John is forced to turn the page of the paper or give up all pretense of reading. “I can’t picture you naked.”
John bites his lip, dragging in deep gulps of air through his nose. “Oh… gods… please,
John obeys and feels the maglock engage on the cuff on his ankle. He’s left balancing on only the big toe of his right foot, head tilted awkwardly and nearly kneeling on air.
“You wait here until he calls for you.” The housekeeper gestures at the floor beside a door. “Don’t try to go in before he calls, and don’t move from that spot. There’ll be trouble if he has to go looking for you.”
He’s still in his cage, but at least it is his cage and not some cryo recovery room on a mining colony.
“You are a clever little soldier, what else are you hiding from me?”
“Come here.” John’s entire body is steady, sure as he takes the two steps that separated them.
The Dominus pulls John’s hips up and thrusts sharply, sliding home until John can feel the press of cotton and sharp bony hips against his arse. The Dominus strokes his hands over John’s hips and arse, soothing his tremors. Gentle fingers spread John’s arse cheeks and slide down to touch the stretched hole. “That’s a good boy, see… I knew you could do it. So tight for me.” John’s arse contracts at the touch and they both groan. The Dominus puts his hand on the flat of John’s back and holds him steady, rocking his hips slowly into John without really moving his cock in John’s arse.
, Sherlock.”
He tries to remember if he’d heard the name before, if there’d been a moment when they were introduced. Dominus, just Dominus. John hoards the information away, burying it deep under porridge and tea as he eats his breakfast.
He feels almost human again after the run and the shower that followed, goes willingly back into his cage to await dinner, his mind forcibly ignoring what happens after dinner.
Everyone is unhappy and no one is talking.... but they are masturbating so there is that.
The Dominus is so quiet, and John panics for a moment, thinking perhaps he is disappointing, that he isn’t doing enough, that the Dominus is looking down on him with a sneer and anger in his eyes.
(See the end of the chapter for
Murray’s breath is hot on John’s ear, nothing approaching words, just hard sharp sounds of pleasure, his weight pushing John further into the floor until John can feel every crack in the tile under his sleeping bag. Murray’s arms wrap around John’s shoulders, pinning him in place as Murray’s hips surge. Murray comes, filling John with warmth and sound. The long, low groan ends with Murray digging his teeth into the flesh and cloth of John’s shoulder.
was a firing squad.”
.” His fingers curl around John’s neck, pulling John down hard onto his cock.
“Can you see any of the…” John lifts his chin and turns his head, stretching his neck. He’d chosen the button up with the highest collar he could find, hoping to cover the flexible metal band at his throat since it seemed unlikely he’d be allowed to remove it.
John settles into the booth, watching Sherlock over the rim of his glass. “You were brilliant today.”
The Dominus’ mouth breaks away from John’s shoulder. “That’s good… you
The housekeeper comes in with his breakfast and a fresh robe. John keeps the flimsy sheet around his waist until the heavy robe drops over his shoulders and he can fasten the clasp. He feels better with the robe covering him, even though he’s pretty sure she’s seen all of him there is to see by now.
There are so many ways to push into him for the first time. He wants it, he wants you… so he could lean forward, the first sight of your cock bringing him closer, a tentative lick, a tiny noise from both of you. You could curl your fingers around the back of his head and push in all at once, make him gag as the head of your cock fills his airway, pull back just enough to let him breathe.
After his preparation John doesn’t expect delicacy, the Dominus pushes into him in one stroke that seems to go on forever. John groans low in his throat, the sound becoming higher and more desperate as he is filled. The Dominus wraps his fingers around John’s thighs and pulls him closer, chains clicking as they adjust to the new angle.
“John.” he drops his hand to his chest in a way that was meant to indicate ownership of the name. “Only about half that made sense.”
John looks down at his feet, fighting the heat of embarrassment he feels crawling up the back of his neck. “No. At least I don’t think so.”
******************************
He tsks, reminding himself not to underestimate Sherlock and gathers the glamour tighter around him, pushing slightly at the edges of Sherlock’s awareness as he leans forward to remove the blindfold and place a chaste kiss on Sherlock’s lips.
John throws his free arm over his mouth to try and stifle his moans; his heart feels like it might explode in his chest, beating hard and fast. “Gods, I’m so close… fuck… so good…
“There’s been a fourth. They are keeping it out of the media for now. She was kidnapped, taken in broad daylight.” The Dominus spins on his heel and looks back at the wall.
“I think I would have noticed...
“That’s it, gods, you’re tight… let me fuck you, Watson.”
She leaves him, standing beside the door to the Dominus’ chamber, and he’s just trying to decide if he should knock or kneel when the door opens.
“Hate to break it to you, Greg, but we are kinda locked in a cell here. Mrs. Hudson will be round in a bit to bring breakfast soon I imagine.”
“No teeth.”
It creeps up on him, the driving need to protect his friends. Nearly swamps him the first time one of his comrades rushes to his aid when he falls. He rallies and they stand, back to back until the horns sound victory and retreat. The sense of panic doesn’t fade when they leave the field, he tries to drown it in the celebration that follows. The certainty that no matter what he does these men will die, balanced against the knowledge that his actions could delay that certainty.
The Dominus is standing beside the far wall, examining old fashioned paper clippings and maps pinned to the surface. John blinks and notices the slight flickering at the edges and realizes that they are just very detailed holograms. Normal people don’t bother with the coding required to personalize individual notes and just make due with the brightly coloured faux sticky notes that come as the default.
So he does put John back together… but not for her. Sherlock does it because he needs John whole. Or at least broken in the very specific way that he was presented to Sherlock at Bart’s that first day. So Sherlock does his best to mend John, as much as is possible or can be hoped for, and they fall back into something like their old ways.
look at Sherlock. “It... I am dangerous, Sherlock. I can make you forget... all of it.”
John turns his coat collar up against the gust of wind that sweeps down Baker Street after them, digs his hands into his pockets and makes plans of his own.
He knows why he didn’t take all of Sherlock’s memories, knows that he should have just cut and run. He can’t decide if he should go home or stay away. Then again… home. He’s never really thought of anyone… anywhere as home. Sherlock is right, he’ll find a way to end himself, or have himself ended; and it wouldn’t be John’s fault. Except he… he could probably stop it. He could save Sherlock from himself.
screaming for all he knows.
But then it isn’t always the bedrooms of the mind palace. John coming in from a night at the pubs, crawling into Sherlock’s bed, cold fingers and warm mouth of course, crime scenes, rooftops, broom cupboards at the Yard, at Bart’s, tucked under his bench in the lab at Baskerville… the single beds in the Cross Keys… anywhere they have ever been together and some places they haven’t… Sherlock’s dorm room at school, keeping quiet so Seb won’t hear.
As soon as John steps onto the treadmill the blank walls begin to glow and the wall closest to him offers a selection of holos. He chooses the old growth forest almost without thinking about it and inhales deeply as the holo flickers and resolves itself into a place he’s never been.
“I’m... actually not. Mocking you... or saying no. God help me, I should. I,
The air goes out of John in a solid gust, he deflates and relaxes against the chains. “Oh… oh gods, it is too much… please, Dominus, slower.”
He thinks about pushing Sherlock over the kitchen table and taking him without preamble. Thinks that Sherlock would let him after the blow job on the couch. Sherlock had practically begged for it... he would let John do whatever he wanted.
“That’s it, quiet.” Murray’s other hand works at his belt and fly, pushing them down far enough to expose his cock.
I can’t…” John’s skin feels super heated, sweat slicked and burning where the Dominus is touching him.
Greg nods like he understands. “Milk goes off too quick, in the field.”
And that’s enough, the line between reality and Sherlock’s imagination is… thin at the best of times, but there is always a fuzzy unreal quality to his fantasies. And just the faintest tingle along his spine of something that might be guilt, because Sherlock’s fantasies are about getting Sherlock off… not about bringing John with him, they fade and end with Sherlock’s orgasm, the vague idea that he would do
there, something that Sherlock can’t place. Whenever he looks directly at the problem his mind fills with irrelevancies, catalogues all of the things that he
“If anyone gives you any trouble… well… no one at the Yard will say anything. Sherlock is their boss… or at least he’s overseeing their division, he won’t stand for it.” Her eyes are fierce as she meets John’s gaze. “Don’t you let anyone…”
.” John looks down at the paper in his lap and huffs out a laugh. “You have...” The paper is straightened, the ruined landscape, unreadable, resumes its secondary nature as barrier to Sherlock’s gaze.
John turns his face back to the door, tension bleeding from his shoulders, he can’t actually move, but his hips and arse tilt up, rising to meet the pressure Murray is putting on him. “Yeah,
John hums as Sherlock’s come fills his mouth, Sherlock’s cock twitching, body spasming as John holds him down, bracing his arms against Sherlock’s thighs to pin him on the sofa.
He’s already turned the corner when he hears the door to the dining hall bang shut again. Doesn’t really even think about it, just finds an open door and toes it open. They’d cleared the building, but there was no point barging into a room and waking someone up.
Nothing would ever get posted if it wasn't for consulting_smartass. She's too modest.
John can’t form words, can’t even beg the Dominus to finish, he can only grunt every time the Dominus slams into him, sharp cries as he twitches against the chains.
“Of course not, John.” Sherlock levelled his cool gaze with John’s very naughty eyes. He smiled at his knowingly before asking innocently, “Does the army have this kind of view?”
John exhaled slowly as he looked up at Sherlock, losing himself into those gorgeous blue green eyes that knew him so well. A single curly lock of hair dangled over John, tickling his nose. John’s eyes drifted down to Sherlock’s lips and he turned red at how close they were to his.
“Harry.”
“I...shine?” Sherlock wondered, smiling at his feet as he walked to biology class.
3. His exemplary work ethic, he would worry constantly about cases but never lets his concern overstep boundaries.
“Turn off...your stupid cameras and microphones...Mycroft... I want to ravage this man.”
“Sir, Mr Lestrade is here. He says it’s not urgent but would like to see you if possible.” The woman spoke, eyes permanently fixed on the screen in her hand. (Honestly, the fact that she can communicate while being so engrossed was what made her such an excellent personal assistant)
Mycroft groaned as Greg kissed him, mouth falling open, allowing Greg’s tongue to sneak in. Each touch was leaving a burning sensation on his skin. Noises left his mouth, high and needy, wanting something more.
“I love you.” They blurted out, cheeks flushed and eyes burning brightly at each other.
“I am not...aware...” John replied, giving Rosie a pointed look. A slight frown pervaded his features as Rosie rolled her eyes at them, already about to protest.
“I’m coming!”
Of course, while Sherlock was saying this, John’s cheeks were turning brilliantly red, with the tips of his ears going a little pink for emphasis. Here was his roommate/crush, lecturing him on how obvious he was when he was crushing hard on him. God, it was a huge turn on for John.
Yes, I did and yes, I was stalking you on the internet. I’m usually more subtle. -SH
The first thing he noticed was the paper. The regular lined paper covered with the slanted messy handwriting he knew so well. Sherlock felt his heart clench as he read the letter:
That night, John lay awake, thinking of a certain shirtless Detective.
“JAWNNNN! ARE YOU AWARE THAT ROSIE HAS ANOTHER SUITOR?” He bellowed, stifling John, who was on the way back from the toilet.
“Hmm...I’ll wait for you at home.” Greg winked, all signs of fatigue disappearing, a terribly cheeky look overcoming his features.
Back in apartment 221b Baker Street, Sherlock and John were sporting matching earpieces. They were sitting in their respective armchairs, both having very similar expressions on their faces. It was a “delicate” mix of worry, concern and skepticism.
Causing mild states of chaos which he could monitor had always been his forte. Also, it was funny to sometimes see John backed into a corner.
With that, John leaned over and pressed a sweet, loving kiss on Sherlock’s temple. No more worrying, no more denying, he was unapologetically, undeniably, in love with Sherlock.
Rosie, a now very lovely grown up teenager with choppy short blonde hair, sat on the couch opposite, looking very upset. Her brown eyes were shining with spite as she scowled at her dad. She couldn’t help wondering if it would have been easier to sneak out of the house to go on her date instead of this.
As Sherlock rushed toward John, John was almost awestruck. Sherlock was wearing a tasteful navy blue suit, dress shirt half unbuttoned and hair mussed up artfully with a touch of product. His pale neck was on display, with the exception of a pretty purple hickey John had placed the night before.
As Rosie set the table and sat down on the couch, a very awkward silence ensued, with both parents scrutinising Asher and the two teens squirming around uncomfortably.
“Oh god yes.”
Earlier in the day, Sherlock was rushing somewhere, collar turned up against the wind and coat swishing behind him dramatically, he sped through the corridors of the building. He was anxious to go check his mail to see if he had gotten a role in the upcoming drama the theatre faculty was doing. (He didn’t get it, by the way)
Greg laughed as he continued unbuttoning Mycroft’s shirt, “It isn’t the sex talking, is it?”
Unfortunately, Sherlock’s foot had hooked onto John’s calf and sent the both of them tumbling to the ground. The result was both of them in a very compromising position, with the  fluffy blanket discarded by the side.
It’s their weekly trip to Angelo’s. John was wearing his usual clothes, making sure to tuck the ring in his jacket pocket. He turned to Mrs Hudson, who sharing a knowing look with him as she patted his a comfortingly.
“I like this.” Mycroft murmured.
Sherlock closed his eyes and mumbled, “Read to me. It helps me sleep.”
“Aha!” Mycroft exclaimed through the earpieces, making John release a string of very inappropriate expletives. “Name, Ashlee Lee. Age, seventeen, one year older than our little Rosie. Lives at 56 Am-“
“That was my...” Sherlock stuttered, biting his slightly puffy lips, “First...kiss...”
As Sherlock scrolled through the posts, he noted that there was an increasing number of photos that were decidedly not John. Seems like he’s a social creature, unlike Sherlock. Each picture was like a perfect window that allowed Sherlock to look into John’s life. (And boy, Sherlock really liked what he saw)
“Yes.” Sherlock blushed, a crimson shade quickly spreading from his cheeks to the tips of his ears. His eyes were fixed on the tablecloth, wandering anywhere except into John’s eyes.
Sherlock nodded as he awkwardly patted Asher’s back before saying, “Well...Have fun. The museum is holding a rather interesting fossil exhibit that I er... recommend you to go to.”
Instead, he just held Sherlock’s gaze, which was slowly becoming more and more heated. Sherlock bent his head down slowly, letting his nose brush John’s. John gasped as Sherlock nuzzled into his cheek, his skin tingling when coming into contact with Sherlock’s cheek.
“I’m... hungry...” Sherlock confessed, dipping his head down, causing his hair to fall in front of his eyes in the most swoon worthy way. (Not that John would openly swoon just like that. He had self control.)
“Well...it’s safe to assume that this wasn’t your intention.” Sherlock spoke softly, as if John were a frightened animal. Despite his rather neutral expression, his eyes were twinkling with interest.
Enthralled by his find, Sherlock leaned into the computer to gape at the image, not noticing that he had accidentally liked the picture. It was only when he slouched back in his chair to take it all in that he noticed the glaring red heart.
(Yet, somewhere in the back of his mind, John was thinking about how perfect this would be if it was an actual date. BUT IT WAS VERY FAR BACK IN HIS MIND. Sherlock’s well-being came first.)
6. His unusually deep understanding about my woes and concerns, of which shouldn’t ever concern him but it does, anyway.
“I’ll trust him when he stops being a cockblocker!”
Almost immediately, Asher stood up and rubbed Rosie’s back gently, trying to soothe her. His mouth came close to her ear (to Sherlock, John, Greg and Mycroft’s horror) to whisper words of comfort to cool her down. Rosie’s eyes were shooting deadly daggers at Sherlock, her cheeks turning a violent shade of red.
“Shut up.” John felt his face turn an embarrassingly deep shade of crimson, wanting to punch Harry through the phone for both the use of suggestive tone and for calling Sherlock “Sherly”.
Sherlock smirked as he bent down to do exactly that. His lips captured John’s as he trapped him in a slow, filthy kiss. John’s mouth was still slightly open after talking and Sherlock took advantage by sliding his tongue along John’s bottom lip, nipping it to elicit a glorious sound from John.
John paused.
Based on that very famous tumblr prompt of Teenlock online stalking John and then accidentally liking a photo about 50 weeks in.
Sherlock knew he wasn’t supposed to be doing this. He certainly should not be foraging for information about the cute rugby player whom he bumped into in class. He should definitely just talk to John instead of doing a very thorough internet stalk on his Instagram.
And that is the story of how both Sherlock Holmes and John Watson became boyfriends. (And get suspended for having a very heated make out session under the tree for 10 minutes.)
“What?” John giggled at the content Detective, all curled up next to him like a cat.
Mycroft jerks when Lestrade’s naughty tongue traces over the oversensitive flesh, but Lestrade is gentle and quick about it. As he cuddles on Mycroft’s side, he takes a couple of minutes to suck a hickey on his neck while they both calm down from their high.
“Ah, but satisfaction brought it back.” Mycroft nodded, stroking Greg’s hair once more as he continued, “You shall have your answer next week. A list of reasons as to why I like you so.”
Sherlock grinned and placed his phone on the table. An indescribable warmth tickled his chest and spread throughout his body as he grinned stupidly at the computer screen. For the first time in his life, he was at a loss for words. He had a date tomorrow, a real date. With a dashing, wonderful man.
Lestrade huffed and complied with Mycroft’s (slightly bossy) command. As he thrusted into Mycroft’s compliant body, he can hear himself making filthy, breathy noises and he’s quite surprised they’re coming from him. It’s almost surreal. Below him, Mycroft is making noises too. Desperate moans, incessant whimpers and hissed expletives pepper the air as Lestrade fills him repeatedly.
Basically, Mycroft is hurt by his bosses and Lestrade has to put away Rosie to...comfort his pouty Boyfriend. Smut. Duh. I also apologise for posting this cause Mycroft and Lestrade are really out of character in this one.
“Alright then.” Sherlock nodded before unfolding the paper and smoothing it put on the grassy ground.
Over the past few weeks, Sherlock received a lot of love notes from his secret admirer. Some of them were adorable and some made him downright blush. He was also becoming closer to John, who seemed to be making a lot more conscious efforts to include Sherlock into his group of friends.
Mycroft’s chest tightened happily as he nodded, “Let him in.”
Holmes jumped, like a skittish deer being yelled at. John grinned and waved back, his spare hand dropping down to the curve of Sherlock’s arse.
Lestrade smiled, “Pretty thing, you’ll always receive when you ask nicely. Take your pants off.” With that, both of them were rid of all attire, Mycroft draped compromisingly over the couch, legs spread apart as he waited for Lestrade’s next command.
“Shhhh, Petal, shhhh. It’s going to be alright. Calm down. Remember to breathe a little. Don’t be so mad.” Asher soothed, pausing occasionally to give John and Sherlock apologetic looks.
John choked on his saliva and grinned foolishly. Something tells him that he was about to have one hell of a night.
To Greg, it was sweet, sweet heaven.
Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, Watson. You should know that I use my Instagram for fact collection. -SH
“Gr...Gregory...please fuck me....fuck me please...ahhh...” Mycroft begged when Lestrade twisted his fingers, stroking his prostate in a teasing manner that was just too much. He begs shamelessly until Greg pulls the fingers out and Mycroft sobs in frustration, even as he hears Greg rip open the condom.
Mycroft grits his teeth as he tries to bring himself to the breaking point. But it’s not enough, he feels full and really fucked out but he needed more. Groaning, Mycroft lifted his head and whimpered,”Fuck me harder.”
I think I’ve deduced it from the 300 or so pictures of ash on your Instagram.
“Shut up, Greg!”
“Tell me, what’s wrong?” Greg smiled reassuringly.
“The fact that...I...love...him...-oh Mycroft!” Greg exclaimed, turning so that he was directly facing the blushing man.
I look terrible now. It’s like False advertising.
“Oh...ok.” Sherlock was dumbfounded, is this what friends do? He had no idea. He was just thankful that he could maybe get to know the person behind the letters.
“What is it, Myc? You got to say it.” Greg answered, a little breathlessly as he used a finger to trace the outline of Mycroft’s erection, fingers still clenched around the silk tie.
Sherlock grinned as Rosie ran to the door, eager to answer the door. She looked so worried, the poor thing, it was almost endearing to look at her in such a state of distress.
Sherlock bit back a grin as he saw John slap Mike’s arm playfully, whole face literally shining with sheepish amusement. A large holographic sticker in the shape of a star was pasted on the rugby player’s forehead, making John become the center of attention.
“Star...” Sherlock’s voice managed to come through, making him sound enthralled at the idea.
Was he jealous? Did he rally like Sherlock?
John felt like he was about to cry or wail. He was about toss the ring and eat a lot of cake. However, he swallows his embarrassment and asked Sherlock, voice a little raspy due to the sting of rejection, “Why are you upset, love?”
Sherlock was lying on his bed like a corpse, hands by his side with his eyes wide open. His pale white alabaster skin was tinged pink with the fever and his lips were firmly pursed together. His head turned towards John and he scrunched his nose adorably, pulling the blankets over his mouth.
“Greg...Gregory please...” he whined, hands scrabbling frantically against the expensive Italian couch, leaving definitive claw marks.
The room was silent and then Sherlock’s head tilted downwards so that John’s hand was right next to his cheek. Closing his eyes, he started to nuzzle into John’s hand in some sort of fever induced haze.
“ROSIE!” Both John and Sherlock exclaimed.
Dear Sherlock, I’ve decided to tell you who I am. Three guesses? I just wanted you to know. Because I like you. A lot. I have been wanting to tell you because every time we talk I can barely string a line of coherent words together. Every time you tell me how you are able to deduce people, I want to tell you that you’re more than brilliant, more than amazing. Since I’ve gotten to know you, I’ve liked you more, your personality didn’t drive me away like you said. I do want us to be something, even if you’re not sure. Because I liek everything about you Sherlock (yes, even the annoying bits). I just like you.  Love, your secret admirer.(John H. Watson)
Greg tilted himself forward so that he could reach over and clasp his hand over Mycroft’s to comfort him. He found that rubbing his thumb against Mycroft’s palm would be extremely calming to the distressed Holmes.
“Ow! Okay, chill. Don’t get your boxers in a twist mate, just being friendly!” Charles sniggered, pulling his arm away from John’s nasty grip.
“I was going to propose to you!” Sherlock blurted, taking another ring out of his pocket and slamming it down next to the wine glass.
“He looked like a respectable gentleman who I have no trouble determining came from respectable household that are very accepting. I also know that he has a very good moral compass. That jacket is hideous but was being sold by a homeless lady on the street, he felt pity and paid her generously. He also learns a type of Chinese martial arts, judging by the types of muscle he seemed to have developed.”
“Hiya, Sherlock! How are you?” John grinned his usual winning smile, the one that made Sherlock swoon internally every time he witnessed it.
“Well...um...shall we?” John muttered, walking forward to button up the rest of the shirt, blushing as Sherlock smirked down at him.
Excellent, there is still hope. -SH
“Done.” John’s suddenly shy voice intruded Sherlock’s thoughts, “You should read it.”
John wanted to laugh. So the great Sherlock Holmes was commanding him to read him a romance novel. But he took one look at poor sleepy Sherlock, burning up from a fever and huffed, flipping the book open.
And that was basically the story of how Sherlock refused to let Mycroft and ‘Gavin’ ever try to babysit Rosie. (But John found it rather amusing. In fact I’m pretty sure they did the do that day too so...)
“You wouldn’t...look half bad...” John mumbled, licking his lips unconsciously, obviously unaware that he said this out loud.
2. His voice, which reminds me of what Mummy would describe as a gentle rumble of thunder.
“You can’t!” Sherlock’s voice rumbled comfortingly, nuzzling into the crook of John’s arm while flipping off an unknown person.
Sherlock gulped audibly as he typed out his response. (And retyped, over and over again.) Eventually, he was able to conjure up a word.
11. The fact that he loves me.
His Cupid bow lips were gently curled upwards, effectively making Sherlock look like a perfect little angel, fast asleep. His eyelashes were Long and delicate, framing his eyes and fluttering when the air from the air conditioning hit his face.
“An...admirer...” Sherlock mumbled, not believing his luck. Who could ever be his admirer? Everyone in this school (save for Irene) found him detestable. And he hated everyone back with a passion.
“Don’t look so down.” Greg breathed down at Mycroft, whose face was only inches from his own, a look of complete surprise drawn on his features.
As if on cue, the front door burst open to reveal Sherlock, who was...unapologetically shirtless. His curly locks were wet and were sticking to his forehead, dripping water all over the carpet. His eyes were bright, like he was injected with a generous dose of adrenaline.
It broke Greg’s heart that Mycroft hadn’t yet said ‘I love you’ back to him. But he had to wait. Mycroft wasn’t ready. Sherlock and John were apparently the same, with John declaring his love first and Sherlock shyly saying it back a lot later. Apparently, the Holmes are shy.
The setting was almost perfect, they were situated in a cosy corner at Angelo’s, a candle burning merrily in between them. Yet, somehow, John couldn’t find any opportunity to ask the four magic words.
“I could, but I fear that I may not sound totally coherent.” Sherlock bit his lips hesitantly.
Sherlock swallowed his saliva as he considered his next response, shrugging to himself, he decided to just do the one thing that may just get him through this: be himself.
The letters were filled with truthfulness and affection, and Sherlock couldn’t help but fall for the person writing them.
“I’d so love to kiss you right now.” Mycroft announced as he hooked his leg teasingly over  Greg’s calf, “But I have so much work to do.”
“I know.” Sherlock scoffed as he walked past him, settling on the armchair opposite John.
John’s eyes widened as he stared at the magazines on the tray. Slowly, he started to reach for the first one, titled ‘The Great Mistakes of Newton’. He had never read to Sherlock and found it incredibly intimidating to read to his roommate.
Somewhere in the city of London, John Watson was smiling at his phone. He was filled with anticipation to meet Sherlock again and a little throb from his heart agreed.
Silence.
Sherlock stared at his Daughter in absolute horror. His beautiful, steadfast, strong, brash (insert independent woman adjectives here) girl was blushing (?!) over a male. Judging by her smile and posture, this was not the first date she had gone on with this boy. Shaking his head, he raised a perfectly plucked eyebrow before yelling for his husband.
“Almond, you smell like almonds.” Sherlock’s muffled voice drifted to John’s ears.
“Okay.” Greg reached a hand up to boop Mycroft’s nose, laughing as Mycroft stuck out his tongue in retaliation. After a little fooling around, somehow Mycroft’s lips had landed on Greg’s.
It was perhaps Mycroft’s frustration that had clouded his skills of observation. If he had looked a little closely, he would also see tiny scuff lines made by tiny fingers. He would also had noticed a tiny pair of toddler shoes that were neatly tucked into the shoe rack.
“You are a female, your anatomy does not include a male appendage. Therefore I cannot be a ‘cockblocker’. Honestly, I taught you better than this.” Sherlock pouted, swishing his coat in a dramatic flurry before exiting the room.
Sherlock let out an adorable huff and purposely turned his head to look at the wall. He refused to listen to John, since when did he ever obey John anyway.
“DID HE?” she leapt up from her position on the couch, looking like she was about to burst into one of her unfortunate fits of rage. (They have become a bit of a problem, and Rosie has been following John to therapy to cope with her anger issues)
5. His eyes, which I always, no matter how, will forget the colour of. It makes me want to hold him close to my face so that I can remember it forever.
Much to Sherlock’s horror, John expressed interest in Irene’s statement. He leaned forward, reaching for the paper in Sherlock’s hand. That gave Sherlock a quick window to sniff the soft almond scent wafting out of John’s blond locks.
10am is my preferred timing. -SH
“I love you, Myc.” Whispery touches floated over his shirt, loosening the tie he wore.
As Asher calmed Rosie down, Sherlock’s manic grin softened into something much more genuine. His blue green eyes seemed to become a lot less piercing and more welcome.
Lestrade fucks him hard through it and Mycroft’s spasming muscles have him spilling into the condom as he collapses over Mycroft. They breathe together for a moment before Lestrade pulls out and ties off condom. Mycroft feels boneless as he watches Lestrade lick all of his come off of his soft dick and stomach.
Of course, he liked Sherlock. Sherlock was his Best Friend, his closest Friend. They shared an apartment together and stuff but did he really like Sherlock like that? He supposed that maybe the piercing feeling he felt whenever Molly talked to Sherlock was because he was worried for her but...
When John drew back, Sherlock’s eyes fluttered open, his face was visibly red and flustered.
I dropped into a chair, taking a moment to sort myself out. I was seething inside. The Bruce-Partington plans. The fucking Bruce-Partington plans!
I held his gaze.
...and a few beers.
"True," he said. "However, I am a consulting detective, the only one in the world. I invented the profession."
Tonight, however, I would sleep alone. I was simply feeling a bit overwhelmed by all this at the moment.
"I need to get out of here, get some fresh air to clear my head," was explanation enough.
He was sorry, Sherlock had said. And he'd said it several times today. John swallowed. Before the jump from the roof, that hadn't happened, Sherlock hadn't apologised to John once.
and then beyond.
Besides, he wondered if "Sherlock" would appear when he entered the flat. It was crazy, but he longed to discuss the whole thing with him, his own figment of the imagination. On the other hand, he dreaded it. "Sherlock's" presence, even if he didn't speak, did him good and helped him think more clearly and with more focus.
I looked at him with interest.
No hope existed any more, only realisation, clarity and pain.
It felt so familiar. It smelt so much like Sherlock.
John sighed. Then he let himself slide to the floor. He didn't need a soft sofa to brood on. He could do that even on the cold tile floor. It didn't matter anyway.
Why wasn't anything working as planned?
... "Are you coming?"
There it was again, that damned bad feeling.
So Mrs Hudson ... or John. Me.
When I had published this on my blog, the people at the Yard had mocked him heartily. First and foremost, and how could it be otherwise, Donovan and Anderson. Even Lestrade, who seemed to like Sherlock somehow, had grinned.
His deflowering would not be done by me, his partner in life, who loved him dearly! It would be through some stranger!
I didn't hear the rest.
A taxi ... there was a little irony in the situation ...
Then she looked at Sherlock.
"Well,“ said Greg, scratching his neck, „I don't know how to say this, but... ..but John, Mycroft and I have an open relationship.“
"Sherlock, you like cases to be as complicated and strange as possible, don't you? Well, you'll like this one then."
His eyes became unsteady.
And that allowed only one conclusion:
Mike led me through the entrance into the teaching wing of the hospital and led me through some corridors and hallways.
We were not to be seen together. The closed box van was therefore ideal. I put on a hoodie I had borrowed from Richard's stash and pulled the hood low over my head. With the youthful lanky posture I then displayed, no one would have recognised me.
Mycroft did not hesitate.
And it just made me feel bad.
Oh, damn it.
Sherlock Holmes started to get on my nerves seriously, on the other hand he was a worthy opponent.
Richard swallowed.
Who else was there? Anderson ... no, he hated Sherlock too openly and was not close enough to him.
Sherlock would have sex with other people.
"John? John! Wake up!"
"John, I'm so sorry! I didn't realise!"
I got up, leaving the still-bound one on the bed, and went into the bathroom.
He got up, ran into the living room and when he came back he was holding a small box.
She took a deep breath, and then ... she wouldn't embarrass herself by showing anything like uncertainty, after all, she wasn't Molly Hooper, she was Moriarty, Ha! ... so she walked slowly, deliberately, yet resolutely towards the small enclosing wall on the roof of the hospital and looked down into the depths.
I was afraid at that moment that he'd got in contact with someone who' had overwhelmed him and done things to him that he didn't want to do.
" So," I said, "and now I have to go. I have a date for lunch today. I'll see you later, my darling."
, self-administered lethal injection, the mining colony on Pharrus 7, or a ‘lifetime’ of servitude to the Dominii.
“Yes, Princess.” He does it anyway, squeezing the tube dry over his cock and smearing the rest between John’s legs.
He’s writhing against the constriction of his clothes, but he lets his heartbeat slow to something manageable before he crosses his arms and pulls his jumper over his head. The buttons of his shirt take enough concentration that he’s calm by the time he drops it on the floor. He shucks himself out of his trousers and pants, wincing slightly at the sound of his belt buckle hitting the hardwood floor, but nothing stirs downstairs.
John is currently pretending to read the newspaper. Sherlock can feel the tension, the expectation, that comes when John is waiting for Sherlock to say something, the desperate hope that Sherlock will give him a pass, just this once.
thinking. The idea of finding John another woman makes Sherlock ache, not in his heart, but in the soft spot under his right ribs…
So that left work.
"My name is Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221B Baker Street."
"You know I can't, sweetie. We both have our jobs to do. Moriarty pays us well, but he won't tolerate any Self-empowerment."
We were sitting opposite each other, and both looked at the table a bit uncertain.
I didn't think I understood him correctly.
Then he asked, "So you succeeded? Pulling the wool over Moriarty's eyes?"
It was Sherlock who made the running.
"I can also see that now that you're in a committed relationship with me, it's not so easy for you to make love to a, well, complete stranger."
"Why yes," he said with a grin, "I'd be lost without my blogger!"
However, I would simply be better able to have Sherlock dance to my tune if I starved him on the outstretched arm. I wanted there to be an ever-present, never really expressed sexual tension between us. It remained in the background, but was always palpable.
Anyway, the thanks to Sherlock he was already in the know anyway, so I might as well get advice and help from him.
"Please John, feed me ..."
Well, yes.
The colour drained from John's face.
Sherlock frowned. "What do you mean?"
Whistling happily to myself, I walked down the street.
He came to me and when he stood in front of me, I started talking. Innocent, uninvolved.
"Carl Powers!" he whispered.
Anyway. Sherlock had bought my sweet Richard's act with the gay IT guy. We had him fooled.
He expected to see Moriarty.
He was not only a doctor, but also an army captain. He had served in Afghanistan and had medical missions there under the most difficult and stressful conditions. So he was quite capable of dealing with complicated situations and working successfully under great pressure.
Yes, he would.
"Get in. The car will take you wherever you want to go!"
She had made enough money on the side so that it would be no problem to build up a new criminal organisation from scratch.
"Well, I ... you know for me it's not quite easy to find someone to share a flat with and I got the tip to turn to you.  You might have some advice for me."
"Oh man John, you're amazing. Yeah, I would too."
He put his arms around me too and kissed me softly and said, "You should go to bed, John."
On the other hand, Sherlock was an equal opponent, Moriarty had thought, and it was not uninteresting that the game they were playing with each other would now go a little further after all. After all, boredom was a big problem, and it didn't get boring with Sherlock.
We danced a few times and she admired the fact that I was quite good at it.
First there was Molly Hooper, the young pathologist who was head over heels in love with Sherlock. Poor, silly girl.
And he SAW it.
"Don't touch me!" he shouted angrily. "I know what's going on here. You're Moriarty. You had him killed in Serbia. You killed all those people. Committed all those crimes. And all under the mask of little clueless Molly Hooper. But I know now!"
"Yes, John. I'm OK."
Of course, that depended on Sherlock keeping his promise.
"No," I said. "I don't think he'd be interested in that either."
Finally the mobile beeped and Sherlock received first a picture message and shortly afterwards a phone call.
When John regained consciousness, he was lying in the same place on the carpet and a figure was crouching beside him.
He was the only serious opponent and my interest grew to play a game with him.
"Sherlock ... what do you mean by that? I mean, what is it that you didn't want to tell me because you ..."
I went through the planned procedure again in detail.
Sherlock, as also planned, was unharmed and, since at the moment I entered the living room his brother was also present, in top form. At least, as far as his arrogance was concerned. Mycroft nodded briefly at me, Sherlock too, and I, a relieved John who was relieved that nothing had happened to his flatmate, looked around the flat. And listened.
Fucking morons. When this was over, she'd take these people to task. They would be sorry, although they wouldn't have too much longer to regret their mistakes. Molly would...
Yes, the good old game of "I fuck you until you lose your mind and then you lose your life" was more than tempting at that moment.
"Boring," he said, looking out the window again.
Well, they say children and drunks tell the truth.
So perhaps it would be better to let him believe that I would get what he could not (yet) give me elsewhere with his consent, and so take the pressure off him.
I paid and waited until the car was out of sight and then entered the unlocked school, where the cleaners were busy at this time of day. A glance at the clock confirmed that they were currently working at the back of the building.
"Why don't you use the landline?"
Watched them leave the club.
"Sherlock, you've been discussing the at that stage completely hypothetical sex life of our at that stage completely questionable love affair with your brother, Mycroft, YOUR BROTHER!“
To hell with the costs. Mycroft should pay for it. After all, he had done enough damage, had contributed his share to Sherlock's fate, and John felt he owed him a debt.
“He’s… not. I’ve been with him a long time. And I’ve seen some of the others like him.” She shakes her head and watches him eat. Twisting the edge of her cardigan. “He’s not bad, but that doesn’t mean he’s easy to live with. That’s all.”
“I’ve got no family, to speak of. The current… climate makes me undesirable. If you freed me…” John’s brow furrows, “I think I might last a week or two. At least this is three square and a place to sleep.”
It makes him nostalgic for the early days when it was only a matter of walking onto a field and hacking and slashing at people who hacked and slashed back, ducking a blow that wouldn’t have landed anyway and falling down. Easier to avoid being trampled if he could manage to land face up, the occasional bit of glamour to push charging horses and men away from him. Very rarely, when he thought about it, he would smirk and imagine himself the inventor of the stunt double.
“You wouldn’t have… you’d never have gone in without… something.”
Greg scrubs his hands over his face. “Wonderful. I’d blame it on how long he’s been on synthetics but… he’s always been an asshole. And then he shows you a thrall… leaves it to me to…” He heaves himself off the couch. “I definitely need whiskey for this conversation.” He takes two long gulps from his coffee mug, and John can’t help but watch the way his Adam’s apple works as he swallows. He skirts around the coffee table and opens a cupboard at the bottom of the bookshelf by the passage to the kitchen. “You want any?” The bottle is expensive looking but John shakes his head. The toast is staying down but there is no reason to push that particular limit.
He pushes back and sighs as a tendril writhes its way over the curve of his arse and towards his hole. He wants it to be Sherlock, feels the tentacle thicken and curve to approximate the shape and width of Sherlock’s cock. He moans as the one in his mouth fills out as well, pushing against the back of his throat until he wants to gag on it. A smaller one winds around his cock, undulates in a way that might... if Sherlock ever… it might feel like Sherlock’s hand wrapped around him.
His tentacles writhe under the constriction of his leather vest, though he can control them, can direct their movements, can even force them into stillness he wanted something substantial between his temptation and Sherlock. Years ago he’d have been able to make the vest himself; it would have been much cruder but would have accomplished the same end as the one he had found at a bondage store. Despite his control downstairs, the laces of the vest have been pulled tight under the strain of his tentacles trying to free themselves, and he has to move to stand in front of the mirror to loosen them.
“That’s good dear, Mrs. Turner and I have cards, I’ve got to… oh the baking.”
The Dominus rounds on him, eyes flashing. “How did you know about that?”
“Then why... oh. You are going to tell me all this, and if it is true, you think you can make me forget. And if it isn’t... you have distracted me, hopefully put me off the whole idea, and given yourself an amusing story to tell Lestrade.”
The quiet noise of opening buttons and zippers sounds loud in the dark behind his eyes. “Open.” The fingers on John’s chin pull his head up, and John lets his mouth fall open.
John groans, high pitched and needy as the Dominus pulls on his wrists, forcing John to arch his back and push the Dominus’ cock deeper into John’s arse. “
Not Dead.
The Dominus looks him over and nods, then spins on his heel and stalks across his sitting room, picking up an overcoat from the back of his chair. “There’s shoes and a jacket, but no hats.” The Dominus scowls, as though the idea of head wear offends him. “Can I trust you with a scarf?”
The Dominus’ eyes flash and his nostrils flare. “Not more than you can take, and only if you deserve it. Fold that,
He finally emerged around a quarter till, waking me. For my part I had spent the day within the four walls of our sitting room, banned as I was from going out. I had eaten a larger lunch to make up for a lack of breakfast, read the paper to a degree that I could now recite the bylines by heart, and then settled in by the afternoon with a medical journal I had been avoiding for some time. Instead I found myself dozing off, exhaustion from the poor sleep of the previous night and the cumbersome order of laying one’s life bare that morning overtaking me, coupled with the still-existing threat over my head.
I took it, with no small amount of relief at seeing him, and drank whatever it was in the glass without tasting it, except to agnise that it refreshed me and felt like liquid gold entering my veins. When I finished, the glasses disappeared, or I had forgotten about them, and then Holmes waved his hand and led me by my left elbow to the center of the room, his touch gentle but firm and insistent as ever.
Once Holmes returned of course, those visits became almost immediately unnecessary. I was more content now, to love silently, now that I knew what it was not to be able to have him in front of me to love at all. I moved back into my old rooms at Baker Street and it was as if we had returned back into our old grooves, although I recognized some of the same relief in Holmes’ smiles that I knew were in my own. In returning to my old lifestyle I left behind the one I had picked up in the last year of his absence, and became once again the paragon of good British decency that he had known me for.
“Take what precautions you must, and after you have completed your task you may ask Mrs. Hudson for some small pastry, telling her that Dr. Watson has said it was alright.”
“You will, if I have accurately predicted his behavior, send word to Macnair today, by afternoon at the latest, asking to meet and discuss some matter or other, it is not important, but it must seem vaguely intriguing, and suitably remind him of your existence, as well as our friend Dr. Watson mentioned in conjunction. What is important is that you will want to meet at the club, somewhat earlier than when we had all met yesterday night, at 7:30pm. He will already have planned to be there around that time, predicting that Watson will be making a repeat visit - a prediction we will of course aim to validate, and then the three of you will make the journey to our secondary location. Your role, Mr. Abbott, will be chief in giving Macnair the idea for his next murder.”
“The whole purpose of this venture is to keep you away from danger, why on Earth would I bring you before said would-be murderer in the first place! No, you are safest at Baker Street.”
“I do. I have never once done otherwise,” said I, simply.
I yearned to immediately leave and track down Holmes, but I was aware of how it would look, and therefore merely nodded and acquiesced to the invitation, settling in.
“And then of course,” Macnair stood too, and gestured to the room. “And then he returned, the astonishing and awe-inspiring detective, not dead for all that you had mourned him, and you in turn returned to his side without a thought to me. Me, who had just spent the better part of a year gaining your trust and putting the work in to find my way into your confidence. Months of my life that were now proved to be
“And what of the danger you suppose to put this young man in!”
Macnair had once again returned to giving Holmes’ alias the third degree about his absence, and as the masterful actor that he was he took it in stride, answering in such a way that had I not known his real identity, I would undoubtedly have fallen for. When at last Abbott, who I guiltily realized had barely spoken a word all evening, finally made a motion to leave, William Vernet echoed him, and as we stood to make our goodbyes he once again brought my hand to his lips.
“It is interesting to me, the dual purpose that this language of the flowers pushes onto these tokens. This blue violet for instance, speaks to the florist of faithfulness and dedication to one’s lover, positive behaviors, while on the other hand our suspect has weaponized them to indicate that your movements have been catalogued and surveilled and thus disrupting your sense of security. And then you have those like our Mrs. Hudson, who simply believe that they share the traits that every flower possesses: beauty and a display of Providence’s simple kindness.”
“Thank you for your help,” said I, as I knew my friend would not.
“I am sure you would, Mr. Holmes! Which is why for simplicity’s sake I will have you administer it to yourself.”
“And yet I obviously have no desire to do so. You have known me to disagree with the law before, dear fellow, and this time is no different. I have long believed that particular section of the Labouchere Amendment to be equally flawed and unjust for the supposed crime it penalizes, and have never been able to make sense of it myself. To my mind all it has accomplished is to give fuel to those criminals that are actually evil, such as blackmailers.”
“It was positively unexpected! I would have never seen it coming from the boy.”
When I had given him all I had he put his arm on my good shoulder. “I may be late back, Watson, but I hope you will wait up for me.” As was the case with the bulk of our disagreements, he seemed content to act as if it had not happened at all besides to let up on his disputatiousness somewhat.
Lestrade took his orders and with a meaningful nod to me he said his goodbyes and departed. I noticed that it was now pushing midnight.
Around 9 o’clock as she was readying for bed, she had let in two gentlemen who did not seem either to understand both the lateness of the hour or that Mr. Holmes was not in at the moment.
“There is no need for that, I am already almost gone. There isn’t enough time for that.”
“But other than scaring the living daylights out of me, I see no other message!” I ejaculated.
When I finally did go downstairs, hours later, those words still dwelled in my mind but I felt refreshed enough to confront whatever new turns this case of mine would take. Holmes was sitting at the table before breakfast rifling through the correspondence in his dressing gown, and I was heartened to see that while he may have gone to bed at some ungodly hour he had still managed some measure of rest.
“And you as well, Holmes.”
“You seemed as if you wished to keep it a secret.”
“Watson-”
Holmes was at the window when we entered the room, and he smiled broadly. “Come in, good morning, Abbott. Oh!, and you’ve been good enough to have visited the barber’s already! Well done.”
He demurred at the praise, pleased, and I felt that sprig of small annoyance. “Be that as it may, I have called you here, Mr. Abbott, to ask you no small favor.”
and other melodramatic ramblings - I deserve a medal, if anything, for my patience at your pathetic warbling!
I considered the question. I flatter myself to think that I am an overall genial presence and an amiable person to most, and those that I am on less certain terms with are fairly few in number. I did not myself have many enemies, especially not compared to my companion, though I suppose anyone who wished him dead wouldn’t see much use in my being alive either. I was just one obstacle to him, and I said as much to the inspector.
! I have failed to see what lay directly in front of me - what shared my rooms and breakfasted with me day after day.”
“But why did you not call the police!” Lestrade still cried, “Why call me individually?”
That made me chuckle, and I allowed him to put the matter to bed, even as I would be bringing it up later, the tidying of our rooms being a constant battle that yet did not mar our longstanding relationship. For now, I was content to let him rest in my arms, knowing that we had more good sense than London and the whole world.
He gave one of those quicksilver smiles that I was often lucky enough to be privy to. “Anytime.”
I nodded, still unmoving, remembering a similar list I had made in the same period. My list of his limits had been much longer however, I noted with some dispiritedness, though he did say I was adept at flattery.
When my eyes were drawn back to Macnair however, I realized he had noticed my lack of focus. He laughed before I had the chance to apologize, “It’s no worry, I was just rambling about people you do not know anyhow.” He then turned to follow where my gaze had been. “Ah Vernet’s back, that is a surprise. I thought we should never see his face here again.”
“I see, I see.” The inspector shook his head, “Nasty business all around, but proof that you are not always infallible yourself, Mr. Holmes! I am sorry it all fell out at your door, however.”
General Chan didn't. She had clearly made too many bloopers in this story.
What could be done if this so unassuming and yet so amazing Doctor Watson actually found out who Moriarty was? A little annoyed at Moriarty's own game... the business with the body in Baker Street, the hint of the cat and mouse game had been superfluous. Well, it seemed John hadn't taken that hint. Mickey. Like Mickey Mouse. Cats Paradise, like cat. Cat and mouse game. Sherlock would have immediately ...
His eyes darkened.
In between, I fed him canapés and ate them myself.
Greg nodded.
So I hadn't had the leisure to remedy my lust.
John took a slow deep breath and rubbed his tear-stained face.
And it would start with the old Carl Powers case.
I reacted immediately and, by pressing a single button on my mobile, caused a text message to go off saying "Boom!" and my snipers to shoot the old woman down.
I was going to get close to Sherlock Holmes, get into his life, as close as I could. I would try to "mean something" to him and touch his heart.
He wanted to wait for the right moment.
The whole thing was not cheap and worked via high life insurance policies that had to be taken out in time to then be able to "die in peace" and pay me with the insurance sum paid out.
Moving on.
"Indeed, Doctor... My brother approached me for advice and I discussed the various options with him."
At that moment, not a breath of air seemed to stir, not a sound seemed to ring out, not a breath seemed possible.
The short version of it all was probably: not dead.
But to her own amazement, she trusted him.
His fucking heart, his affection for "John Watson" wouldn't let him SEE it.
He began.
"I'm so sorry, John. I just thought you understood that I didn't want anyone but you to know about my survival. After all, you're the person I trust most in this world."
The flat was a mess, and while I, as John Watson, looked a little startled when it turned out that all the junk lying around belonged to Sherlock, I was inwardly giggling.
Well, it would probably be better to keep an eye on the whole affair, especially Mycroft Holmes, because he just couldn't be trusted. The man just remained mysterious.
"It was all right, only.... Harry stands for Harriet. She's my sister."
Oh, God.
I decided to go away for a day or two in the near future and be myself again. Someone pretty who would first share my bed and then receive the redeeming kiss of death from me could certainly be found. I have my ways.
"What are you doing here?"
In any case, I had a lot to do to cope with everyday life with him and to keep my temper in check. Nevertheless, I enjoyed every minute. Every minute I could let him dance on my strings. And yes, it was a fascinating time. I was not bored for a moment.
After all, it takes a great deal of acting talent to play a criminal mastermind convincingly.
She did not regret a single thing she had done. Not a crime. Not an assault. No murder. No torture, no torment, no psychological terror, no attack.
And he explained to us that in the flat where the "gas leak" had gone off, a safe had been found with a letter inside. A letter addressed to Sherlock himself.
He hated himself for his inability to see Sherlock's intentions and stop him from being so stupid. He hated himself for having been such a bad friend. So unable to see what was going on.
"I can guess that, but that's not the point."
All the others are... not real.
I had to grin. Wonderful. That was how I liked it.
It was obvious to him that a memory flashed through his mind.
My mind raced and I searched for the best way to convince him of the non-dangerousness of the planned appearance.
It was the collapse that brought John out of his lethargy. He managed to get back into his life somehow. ...which didn't change the fact that it still hurt like hell. He still missed Sherlock till he went crazy. He continued to feel guilt of best catholic quality, because he blamed himself for not realizing that Sherlock had had the intention to end his life. What a miserable friend he had been.
We kissed, stroked, rubbed against each other.
Step by step, little by little.
"I'm sorry John, but I was afraid you were going to faint again .... Not that anyone could blame you."
He turned to us and said:
"Brixton, Lauriston Gardens."
Well, now it was my turn to be stunned.
Where had her confidence gone? Her ego was bruised, and she didn't like that.
I still had to bring a few people of the drama on the board.
I had the candidates in question observed.
"You already did when you ran after me and left your crutch in the restaurant!" he said.
It was me who still served it to him on his beloved sofa.
After all, I had, at least that's what I had led Sherlock to believe, also had had sex with other people from time to time in the last few weeks.
"Jump!" said Sherlock with coldness in his voice.
"A battle," she continued. "But not the war."
Sherlock's look was one of wonder. He could sense that I was upset, but he couldn't understand why.
I grinned.
He was happy and looked forward to every single day that the future would bring.
The look in Sherlock's eyes. Oh boy. They darkened and it was as if a shadow settled over them. The word buddy seemed to trigger things in him ...
Whoever wanted to do the unmasking could do it. John was through with it. He was out of it. One way or another.
I decided to take my time in preparing the whole thing. Because there were some things that needed to be prepared and they just needed time. A project like this can't be taken lightly if it is to succeed.
Or John Watson would refuse. Then at least he would know that his brother had someone loyal at his side.
He regularly had attacks of crying, especially when he did something that reminded him of Sherlock. He considered moving away from Baker Street precisely because of the many memories, but he couldn't manage it, the flat simply meant too much to him.
John looked at him with wide eyes. Deep inside him, warmth flooded up. It felt good, for Sherlock, the self-proclaimed sociopath who supposedly didn't have such a thing as feelings because they only prevented him from thinking to mean anything.
I raised my eyebrows and resisted.
Very well, if all else failed, there was only one thing left for her to do. She had to be nothing but Molly Hooper for a while, the small, shy but extremely professional pathologist in her job.
It was now 10 p.m. when we pulled up to the car park of the swimming pool.
Later, the two of us sat in Baker Street and Sherlock mused to himself.
"You do not know ... what this is all about, do you?"
It were the first tears since Sherlock's death. Until today he had not been able to cry, desperation had enveloped him so much that he felt as if he had died.
"Of course I would. John, I want to make love to you. Soon. And I want it to be perfect. And so I, too, am going to take advantage of the fact that we have an open relationship."
Richard and I carried the necessary equipment into the changing rooms of the swimming pool.
She had worked closely with Sherlock, but also with the police, had investigated all the victims that came up in the Moriarty cases, which meant she could manipulate everything to suit her needs ...
"Who says he didn't?"
Bill Wiggins was one of Sherlock's informants from his homeless network. A shrewd young man who had done us quite a service.
She was amazingly composed and Lestrade was sure she would play her part perfectly. Behind that delicate, fragile exterior was a really tough lady, and he didn't worry for a second that it would fail because of her. It wouldn't.
Here at home, or at work.
"Well," Sherlock said, "actually, your description does come pretty close to him."
Then Sherlock came out of his room. And what I saw before me... wow.
John looked at his friend questioningly.
The demanding way he was with everyone, but especially with me, his flatmate.
A little John jumped up in my head with a cheer, raised his fist to the sky and yelled "Yeah!"
And I took a few of the treats from the little cart, spread them over his body and began to nibble them off him one by one.
For Sherlock, on the other hand, boredom was still the big problem in his life. If DI Lestrade didn't have a case at the moment and no private client with a reasonably interesting problem came to our flat, he was downright unbearable.
Little, naïve, shy and so sweet Molly, who grieved as deeply as he did because she had been in love with Sherlock.
Now, however, the police had proved more capable than expected.
After a few minutes of exchanging words, Mycroft turned to me.
Sherlock was looking so insecure again, I couldn't blame him this time. Somehow the situation was strange. I started giggling.
This time it was coffee, which I blew over the living room table.
Well, actually that was quite good, because that way I could continue playing the game for a while.
"Well, you're not rich. You could use it, couldn't you?"
"And as a taxi driver," I said, "he was miserable."
"John, my dear, whoever is behind this. You are now Sherlock's heir. Catch him and bring him to his just punishment."
"Well, I can understand that, John."
"You can't just ..."
I enjoyed that very much, of course, and Sherlock seemed more balanced than ever and obviously enjoyed it too.
"He's here, entering the building."
Should she really go up there now?
He beamed at me and he did what I asked.
"No," I said.
The morning had advanced.
To be precise, he had received all the instructions by encrypted e-mail with self-deletion function from "Moriarty" and not from his beloved John.
Oh yes, I loved metaphors like that. Yes, I'm just good at that kind of thing too.
I would go and see that insufferable woman again in a moment and then meet Stamford on the way back in a park near St. Bart's.
She knew Sherlock like no one else.
Even more, I would make him die by his own hand.
"I'll catch up with you, go on ahead!"
"Dr John Watson?"
"I'm surprised that my dear brother Mycroft hasn't had a 'break his heart, and I'll break your neck and make your body disappear so that no-one will ever find it' conversation with you. This is unusual for him."
"Well, Greg," I said, "I'm still not sure about that. But so be it. It is what it is. So could you just keep it to Sherlock that you and I spent the evening together? If he thinks I spent the evening with... well, met someone else, and maybe done something other than drink beer... then he's less worried about my... sexual needs."
And whoosh.
"No!"
Did I already have Sherlock where I wanted him?
He had probably learned a few things from Sherlock, but on the other hand he was not really a clever man. He was a man of the heart, Sherlock's sidekick. Perhaps also Sherlock's soft teddy bear, who had warmed his bed on cold London nights ... in any case, no one to be seriously worried about.
"Are you all right?" he asked me.
So I decided to combine the pleasant with the useful.
The next turn had long since begun.
By now he was sure that not just an informant, but Moriarty himself must have been socialising in Sherlock's immediate vicinity.
I smiled.
"Sherlock," he said, "I really and truly believed that you were just a figment of my imagination, a mirage hatched by my psyche because I couldn't properly process the grief. The fact that you always turned invisible when someone came to visit didn't make that any less likely."
No one messes with my genius. No one.
"Well..." Sherlock said reluctantly.
It didn't matter now, so I told Greg the whole story, so he'd understand the context. Who knows, maybe he would be able to give me some sound advice, I thought.
I wasn't entirely comfortable with all this. I had taken quite a risk, put myself in the firing line by revealing my true identity to Richard.
On the drive, I wondered if it made sense to go straight to Baker Street now.
"All I want to know, Sherlock, is why. Has anything happened that might have hurt you, or anything like that?" I still worried.
"Yes, Sherlock, except it would be more intimate, and therefore more intense."
And he could realize what was going on.
I nodded. And decided not to mention anything to him about Mycroft's advances towards me for the time being. Though I wasn't sure if I was doing the right thing.
I was self-control personified when he used that phrase, which I also loved to use.
"Really, John!"
Sherlock refused, claiming he had "too much to do".
How fortunate that at least he hadn't told her about "Sherlock", who had now turned out to be the real Sherlock.
My comment to Mike had led him to believe that I had been trained at Barts. Military doctor, then.
"And you didn't even think to let me in on it?" said John, still hurt.
How Molly asked him in horror what was up with the "gay" thing.
Well, a direct shot into the plastic explosive would certainly be different ...  But that wouldn't happen, because my sniper would be careful and Sherlock ... well, he might have got hold of my army weapon. But I would know how to stop him from doing anything stupid.
He would have looked for him. And maybe he would have found him. And then he would have helped him with whatever Sherlock had been up to. And then, yes, maybe Sherlock would still be alive.
Mrs Hudson was around them every day.
Sherlock wasn't happy with any of it either. Moriarty had to die, there was no way around it. But he worried what it would do to him and John.
And there remained this dark, somehow painful look from Sherlock's eyes, which I still couldn't identify.
To my reassurance, I found that Mycroft did indeed seem to see only "John Watson" in me and did not see behind the façade. I would try not to come face to face with him too often in the future either; nevertheless, I was optimistic that he wouldn't mess with me.
But now the tears were running, first softly, then the crying turned into a loud sobbing. It hurt, it hurt so much!
"Don't touch me!" he snarled, and then he stormed out of the flat.
"Jesus Christ, Sherlock, you let me worry about that, okay?"
Finally my lips touched his penis.
"We are, but...“
Sherlock.
I smiled with satisfaction. To outsiders, my grin would've been borderline stupid, but I was too happy at that moment.
"Oh."
"You've earned a reward, sweetie. Tell me what you want?"
So far so good. Yeah, it's nice with Sherlock. Yeah, I love him and I love every single day, every single minute with him, even if he sometimes drives me crazy with his quirks.
Yes, that did his battered soul good.
At least, that's what I thought at that moment.
All right, so it looked like the curtain had come down. So what to do?
"Oh John," he breathed rapturously. "So you really are Moriarty, the king of the underworld."
"Well," I said carefully, "I'll find ways."
He knew exactly what to do.
Well.
Come on John, he's a grown man (...well...), and you want to, and we're both just bursting with excitement.
Here she was, on this rooftop, which should have been Sherlock's last hour, and which would now apparently be the place where she herself breathed her last.
Well, and last but not least, Connie Prince was killed by someone close to her. Someone who had also always been catlike friendly to her.
Never again.
"What?" asked John uncertainly.
He turned back to his brother.
It was immediately clear to me why he was doing this: he recognised my influence on Sherlock and hoped that I would get him to investigate the case.
He put the phone down, shaking his head.
"Sherlock, I heard you the first time. You did what, please? You discussed our then-not-even existing relationship with your brother?!"
John Hamish Moriarty - at your service.
"No, wait," he called out. "It's just..."
Sherlock gave him that 'Don't be an idiot! look.
And to John's utter amazement, Sherlock, the great Sherlock Holmes, blushed a tiny bit.
They were too far away and it was too noisy around us, so I couldn't hear what they were talking about. After all, I was a bystander to what was happening, so I was standing behind the barrier at the side of the road.
She brushed a strand of hair from her face.
Because I wanted to ingratiate myself with our landlady, Mrs. Hudson - after all, that was part of the whole John Watson package - I had often been forced to watch television with her over tea. There was a lot of unspeakable nastiness flickering across the screen. But this awful person, Connie Prince, and her horrible show were more than I could bear.
So, after much reluctance, John had finally agreed.
"Oh, God, yes, Sherlock."
"WHAT'S PERFECTLY ALL RIGHT?!"
Moriarty smilingly put the morning paper aside and smilingly enjoyed another cup of tea. A really good, delicious-tasting tea from a cup of fine china. That was a very satisfying way to start the day.
It was unlikely that he, of all people, would actually find out about Moriarty.
Mike Stamford one could hate.
Moriarty was not at all at ease. The self-assurance that was usually so characteristic of the criminal mastermind was crumbling a little.
Nobody, NOBODY! is laughing at me. Nobody has the right to do that.
I snorted angrily.
My mobile phone rang again.
It was Sherlock.
Now was my moment.
He looked at John with an unfamiliar warmth in his bright eyes.
To know, to experience, to find out ... that was what his mind wanted. That was what chased away his boredom.
"We ... you said we. Who do you mean by that?"
"Very good.
He was clearly upset. Well, my mood was not the best either, especially as I still had an unpleasant headache.
John wasn't stupid, and he was already aware that all the things he was advancing to avoid taking that step now were nothing more than excuses to delay the inevitable. But he didn't have the strength to fight it. So much had happened, he felt burnt out and drained and didn't have the energy to take all the necessary steps.
We laughed.
"Sherlock" looked at him with wide eyes. Then he shook his head vigorously.
I felt both of our excitement slowly but surely growing.
"So, Sherlock, how are you doing?"
There was silence for minutes.
It was a wonderful time, and I would have liked it to stay that way.
Re-roll some dice, place some pieces differently.
He tried to comprehend what was happening.
I was curious to see if Sherlock would find it and if he would find out what was missing inside, namely her mobile phone, which, again on my instructions, had been left with the taxi man.
And she could have blabbed anything to the papers.
"I need you to find the flash drive, Sherlock. I'd hate to make you do that."
And the next consisted of setting up and installing an important tool.
"Oh thank God, you've regained consciousness. John, I'm so sorry about everything!"
Here at home there was only him, and he had put that to the side for the time being.
Of course I knew his looks from photos and videos, but I had deliberately stayed away from him until now. So now I was facing him in the flesh for the first time.
But this time Holmes was not so easily rebuffed.
Then Sherlock showed me and Lestrade the photo. It showed an empty room and I was curious to see if he recognised it straight away.
"Good. Then maybe you'll agree to do it more often."
John hated the police.
Then we looked around a bit. Everything seemed to be in order, the terrain was set. All right, of course, I had already had the pool searched before we arrived. After all, I didn't want to put myself in danger unnecessarily. After all, the world needs me. I am Moriarty. There is only one of me and therefore I have to make sure that nothing happens to me!
The eyes just sparked.
He swallowed. He had a thick lump in his throat.
I said:
With a warm, patient disposition and yet a penchant for adventure.
