John frowned deeply. “Why is that?” he asked, moving his arm around Sherlock and letting it run up and down the man's spine.
Mycroft's smile got even more tense. “Quite right.” Then he watched John finally lift his gaze to him, then quickly shift to Sherlock, who grinned in amusement. John's own laughter stayed in his eyes, but it was no less obvious there. He, more or less accidentally, clicked his tongue as he took in a deep breath, his features straightened again. “I have informed Mummy, of course-”
“Mh, I hear being a parent can be quite a handful.” Sherlock replied, doing his best to not let his mind drift anywhere.
Sherlock frowned and sulked into the living room. “Maybe I should let Mycroft bind me to that lesbian after all.” he spat pettily.
John reluctantly stepped back a little, smiling at him. “Yeah, alright. Come on.” John accompanied him down the stairs again, picking up Sherlock's cup and carrying it into the bathroom after him. He set it down on the sink and waited for Sherlock to undress, standing by as the Omega started climbing into the tub. He could see it now, like on the stairs – Sherlock's legs were shaking with the exertion. He stood a bit closer to ensure he'd catch his mate if he couldn't make it. Fortunately, his help wasn't needed that time and he turned and handed Sherlock his mug. “Hang on, I'll get the tray, maybe it's wide enough.”
He let the kid shove him towards the dorms and stood still as he unlocked the door. The boy held out a little device, pressing a large button on it that made John's ears ring until he thought he'd go deaf just to escape the noise. The Alpha seemed unaffected, but the other Omegas in the room – placed on a level atop some stairs – pressed their palms hard against their ears. Just as the Alpha loosened his grip on John, he knocked his head hard into the other's and took him out with a few quick motions. He still couldn't hear, even though the button had long been released.
“Quite a lot of movement you'll have to do. You could try, but anything that lands on me is a favour you own me.” John said, a smirk spreading across his features.
“And we all know he will have to cut his shifts to be with you and fulfil your constant need for attention and then, where does the money come from? You don't seriously think your wannabe job has sufficed to pay those bills for a flat in central London for the past year? If not for me, Scotland Yard wouldn't even consult you. You do remember the arrangements
“You.. taught them to be strong and confident women?” John joked and the Lady shook her head with an endearing chuckle, that was so very much like Sherlock's, he felt like he had finally found his family.
They fell asleep on the sofa, cups half-empty, biscuits ¾ gone. When John woke from back pain two hours later, he swatted his hand over, hitting Sherlock's 7
John only tiredly shifted his eyes to lay on Mycroft's person. The stone of a man didn't look too composed himself any more. There were dark rings marking even his pale complexion, showing he had been sleeping bad as well. He had obviously tried to cover them up, but the effect was minimal. Sometimes, John adored Mycroft's way to handle his love for his brother. “I'm tired. I'm not in control of myself anymore. I can't even think, I just... function.” John replied, broken, unable to turn up the sass. He wasn't even capable of standing up to maybe give himself the illusion he was standing strong in front of Mycroft. He could see the pity the Alpha's eyes reflected to his own red and glassy ones. He hated it. “What do you want? Tell me I fucked up?, because I did, you know.. I fucked up so hard.” the doctor continued, gaze drifting off to the side as he didn't even have to battle any tears. He was too drained to shed any.
And suddenly there was John's hand on its way to his backside, a finger pressing in as a test and John's keen noise, vibrating through his cock, causing him to thrust up again, was drowned out by Sherlock's own soft cry at finally feeling
might be the one teaching them that?” The answer was not what John wanted to hear, that was easy to tell by his affronted expression. “I feel like you're about to stir up a fight over this, so I'm willing to just drop it.”
To all 269 Subscribers of this story: I would apologise for making you wait 5 months, but honestly, who would believe me? I wouldn't believe me because I'd be lying.
It sounded as much like a not-answer as the evasion Sherlock had used before, but, actually, John understood it. He knew exactly what he meant.
Next to him, the Alpha stirred, smacking his lips as he came awake slowly. He was unfairly adorable like this – not, that, to Sherlock, he wasn't in just any other situation anyway. And strike him lightning if John wasn't just the sweetest human being when he turned around drowsily, looked at Sherlock with an uncomprehending frown and, obliviously, ignored it in favour of waking up completely.
She turned around briefly to take him in again, looked back at John, then chuckled humourlessly. “Oh, I see,” now she spun around to face Sherlock properly, “you're
John, very pointedly, didn't like the way the sergeant that 'greeted' them called Sherlock a freak. Quite obviously, the Alpha himself wasn't happy about it either, visibly doing his best to keep calm and ignore her remarks as he invited John in. Sally didn't object, so he figured it would be alright. Maybe Sherlock had some sort of agreement with NSY. Besides, if this was the way Sherlock was treated in his company, John didn't want to know what it was like when he came there on his own and, in conclusion, really didn't fancy leaving the Alpha alone.
He positioned himself again, now inserting just the tips of the two fingers until John was squirming, grinding down to get them inside and Sherlock obeyed, thrusting them in more quickly and simultaneously picking up the speed with which he bobbed his head on John's member happily.
“Shut up.” John ordered sharply, getting up. “If you'd just let me handle it, I'd be fine.” he said, moving towards the entrance door.
30 minutes later, he was sitting back at 221B's kitchen table, mug of tea in front of him. Sherlock wasn't in and the pups were all sleeping fast. He was brooding silently.
“Ah, yes, my brother. Well, surely you're aware that you don't seek out Mycroft's attention; he finds you either way. Taking me in as a hostage to get to my brother is like flying a pink helicopter over London to not be noticed.”
fine. We just need to get back there. You, me and our four pups of which one just happens to turn out disabled.” There was a heavy pause in which they looked at each other, knowing. Still, it had to be said aloud. “I want this for us, John.”
“Fine.” Sherlock lied. John didn't have to know. He had enough problems of his own. “Just woke up and was looking for you.”
John glanced away from the confused Alpha back to Lestrade. “Anyway, we texted the number and he called back.” He stroke his son's thin hair gently as the boy started to snore against him.
John's eyebrows drew together and he smiled suspiciously. “I have blue eyes... Are you dating another Omega?”
John thought for a moment until his food arrived. “How long have you been... unattached then? I just mean, he's not the first to try and... you know.”
“Uh, yeah, well.. Might be a bit more difficult than I'd thought..” John admitted, fumbling. He'd never had to manage on his own before and he had to find that he'd underestimated certain aspects. Sherlock regarded him with an enquiring look. “Turns out I only get the first prescription for free; to see if the pills work for me, I suppose. Before, they were paid for by my insurance because I started on them when I was underage, but now.. I mean, I'll have to wait for my job interviews, of course, but having enough money left to pay for... accommodation.. I don't know. I might just be over-thinking. Don't mind me.”
Mycroft turned his head toward John, his expression shifting visibly, trying to look superior while knowing he couldn't. “John, I am not against you, I am no opponent. You earn my highest regards for what you have done for your country and what you set yourself on to do for my brother henceforth and I can not possibly speak words that would describe my awe and gratefulness for your bond to Sherlock, but not even you could have made him famous without him helping out Scotland Yard. No disrespect, but this is something important I have to tell my brother.” It always made Sherlock feel that sick satisfaction to see Mycroft lose his calm when facing John.
Sherlock couldn't find it in himself yet to speak, so John, after a quick glance to his mate, did so. “Next week.” he informed, settling back down besides the Omega and carding a hand through his sweaty curls.
He had no choice, however, when John reached around the legs shaking from the clenching muscles? Or simply from the very fact Sherlock was in heat and his body was trying to arrange itself to that?
He was pathetic because when he entered the flat, there was a lot of stomping and five little humans scrambled up from their circle around Jacklyn the Bear, a scene that John wasn't sure he wanted an explanation for. There were hugs and kisses and he didn't know how he could ever doubt their love for him. “Did you have fun last night?”
Later, he was happy to announce to Sherlock, that he'd gotten the job. Sherlock seemed uninterested, not making a mention of how he'd found John the job. John, in return, didn't mention how the Beta was flirting with him. Not that he wasn't interested, he just didn't feel he wanted or needed a relationship at the moment. There were too many variables in his life at this point as it was. He couldn't get back into the suppressant routine, start a new job, take care of 5 newborns and enter a new relationship whilst also looking for accommodation. Yes, a partner could help him in some of these points, but it would definitely not help him in his attempt to become independent.
month belly before reaching for the remote and turning of the TV. “Help me up.” he muttered, waiting for Sherlock to settle his hands on John's back to help pushing him up. He then turned around, taking a sidestep and angling his body backwards and extending his arm to pull Sherlock up. Keeping his partner's arm and grabbing the other as he turned, laying them around his own 7
Shortly after Sherlock had shut down the auction society, John had 'acquainted' with Mycroft further. That is, he was out shopping for groceries, when a black care rolled up next to him against the pavement. He hadn't thought anything of it until it started following his slow, heavy steps. He stopped and one of the doors was opened for him.
Sherlock raised his hand to rub at his tired eyes. “I must have passed out in my mind palace.. I am literally doing nothing all day long and yet I never was so tired!”
A day later. When Sherlock re-entered the living room, John was still sitting there on the couch, laptop absorbing his concentration. “Could an Omega impregnate an Alpha?”
He'd been on the cab for barely two minutes before his phone chimed. “Case? SH” it read. Sherlock had started asking John about taking cases rather than just doing so – he'd learned it had John much more compliant, that smart prick. He'd been tired, mostly off boredom, but the prospect of an interesting case was really rather enticing and it gave him new energy. He confirmed and almost instantly got a reply saying “Meet me at the Yard, Lestrade wants to brief us there. SH”
With a grip on both the Omega's shoulders, John asked Sherlock to turn around and come chest to chest with him to not strain his neck.
Sherlock was just stirring his tea when Mrs Hudson opened the front door. He threw his teabag in the bin and turned to go upstairs. In the past week Sherlock had quickly learned that John preferred him not around when he was seeing patients, though mainly because he felt distracted whenever Sherlock was in his close proximity. He just turned the corner when John stuck out his foot making Sherlock trip and run right into John's patient, emptying half of his mug over the neat shirt collar. Sherlock straightened himself, looking back at the exasperated, and likely pained, Beta with a passive expression. He didn't much care. Only when he heard John stand up from his chair rather hastily, did a shiver run down his back.
“Yes, he came here, told me about a case, said looked 'good'..” he explained, eyes still focused on the pictures Lestrade had sent him.
John knew it was an instinctual thing; the Alpha part of Sherlock's conscience unsettled by a distressed Omega and wanting to comfort John for both their sakes, so he nodded. It felt nice. He hadn't had this kind of genuine concern in a long while and missed it dearly. He placed his hands delicately on Sherlock's waist, giving him enough space to move out whenever he wanted, but showing that his closeness was appreciated. His hair smelled of various products, their mixture undefinable, but pleasant.
John laid his arms around him lazily, tilting his head to the side to give Sherlock unhindered access.
“You're interfering.” Sherlock shot back, somehow managing to look no smaller than the man in his three-piece suit and overly posh grooming. “I ask you to locate
John, hanging up Sherlock's coat on the door, frowned in question. “I'm not going to sleep with you?” he asked, taking the time for Sherlock to answer to look around the sitting room he had just been lead into. It was positively
“Seriously, though, you shouldn't be complaining! You're the reason I became this way in the first place!”
“For God's sake, Sherlock! Can't you at least try to help for once?!” John shouted, losing his patience at last.
There was some time spent with sensual snogging and careful undressing and John ended up in Sherlock's lap, pricks brushing against one another as they kissed and touched and slowly, very cautiously, the detective let his hands drift down John's back to cup his rear, waiting for the doctor to draw back or flinch or do anything to signalise that he didn't want this after all.
The longer John held still inside him, the more impatient he got; the more afraid, John might pull out, he got; the more, let's be straight, panicky he got.
“Sorry, bad time?” the detective asked, watching John frantically stuffing a very squishy-looking dolphin into a bag. “I came to talk about the case. I need both your statements, I'm afraid.”
John knew Mycroft had some sort of high rank, if perfect suits, sleek cars and personnel were any indication, but that didn't explain how he had access to legally confidential resources or how he'd even know about all the procedures John had been through. “Who the hell are you? How do you know that.” he didn't think he'd ever felt this vulnerable in all his life. This was more than just someone knowing his weaknesses. To him, this was so much more, and so much worse.
He sent his request through their bond, trying to lure John to him to make up, cuddle, comfort. Right now, all he got from his mate was a deep, suppressed anxiety. John worried for their pup as much as he did himself, of course he did, he was it's father. But an Omega was, as much as he hated to include himself in that, a delicate and sensitive nature. Now, it wasn't much of a problem for him to keep his cool, he was certain, but that would have required some time to concentrate on adapting to the new situation, but he hadn't had that and instead bonded right away, having to deal with two new circumstances at once – handling Omega nature and the 'perks' of being vulnerable and emotional
“You know, we're not meeting up to shag.” John had an adoring smile on his face that Sherlock obviously didn't much like.
“It would have been wise to do so over a month ago.” John said rather curtly. Sherlock spun around to him, giving him the 'stop that' look that John knew all too well by now. But instead of turning back around or leaving a crude remark, the Omega cupped his face and kissed him lightly and John didn't know how he deserved this. “How do you love me so much?” he asked honestly, fighting a rush of tears because honestly, he couldn't keep this up for much longer. He was crumbling,
Hey, again! So, I, uh, this is kind of betraying my plan, but would you like me to take up on this in the next chapter, read the whole "John's first time" thing after a nice fluffy dinner? I have something in mind, but I wouldn't be able to live up to it at the moment.. Before, I have always made it one chapter per week (of pregnancy) and the chapters were more or less independent (one time the end of a week was between chapter a and chapter b), soo... I don't know, really... Command me! :D
“Mummy?!” Sherlock's deep voice rang through the flat, the call almost a warning. When his mate leaned around the corner, just out of the shower and apparently hastily dressed when he'd heard the voices.
Both men waited for a minute, either willing the other to say something, until John gave in and took over. “Yes, well, yes. There was an incident last night. Sherlock was, er, he was.. bleeding and we had some paramedics take a look and they said that, at that time, it didn't seem the pup was in direct danger, but we should go see you as soon as possible anyway.” the Alpha explained.
“I'm so sorry, I'll try to get it out. Maybe Mrs Hudson knows a trick or something.” John was twisting back and used his hands to get up, but Sherlock softly held him in place and knelt before him.
he was doing, what the consequences would be – no, he had asked John to stay, when he'd had the chance to stop it all, prevent the worst.
But with Sherlock not touching him at all, acting companionable without showing any further interest for his persona whatsoever, John felt lost and just wished and waited for something bad to happen, just so he would finally know.
The man clicked his tongue, sighing, like this was an old game. “I do not intend to take it from you, I am merely offering forces beyond your abilities.”
It had John sigh contently. Sherlock calmed down immediately. “I will have to delete the memory of Mycroft stepping in or else I'll be conditioned to automatically associate sex with him – that would be no fun at all..”
John didn't answer that, but emerged from the kitchen a while later with two bowls of soup, one on a plate, which was the one he handed over to Sherlock to eat on the couch, attempting to avoid spills. However, when John placed the plate on the table next to Sherlock, the latter reached for his hand, bringing it to his lips, eyes closed before looking up at John, a silent plea for forgiveness in his look. John wordlessly cupped Sherlock's face, set down his own bowl and leaned down to kiss his mate properly. Sherlock sat up withdrawing his legs from the cushions to make room for John, who eventually sat down next to him and began to eat his soup.
“I'd never have gotten here if not for John. And I'd never have healed like this without him either.” Sherlock said to his blanket, looking up at John after. His mate was looking back as neutrally as he could manage, but something in his eyes displeased Sherlock greatly still.
From friends to lovers out of mind to lovers in right mind within the cycle of a surprise-heat. Very awkward indeed.
Sherlock looked very confused at the question and John wasn't entirely convinced it wasn't fake. “No, why would it? Anyway, do you plan to introduce her to this lot some day or are you just going to hide them and run away one day?”
Sherlock turned around, now facing John, head still cradled in the other's lap. “Do you think I'll ever return to normal again?”
“You're getting softer around the middle.” John whispered acknowledging the curves of Sherlock's muscles beginning to subside.
Sherlock snuggled closer to him, kissing him again. “You are so strong, you know that?” he praised, one hand falling on John's chest and lowering himself down so his head rested above his heart.
They were in the clear on these terms. John rarely brought one of his girlfriends home to actually sleep with, and when he did, Sherlock drove them out by just being himself. Both of them were living on suppressants as neither was ready for bonds or families, for very different reasons.
“Standing in the kitchen chatting with your alpha friend to avoid entertaining your pups and getting an imaginary pause from feeling responsible?” It was meant to be sarcastic, but it sounded rather scolding towards himself.
When he finished the piece, he set aside his violin, flopping on the sofa, hands over his belly and mind drifting off to his mind palace, where he re-lived some cases with John while he waited for his return.
John cocked his head in question, but then it hit him. “Oh, someone have a kink there, Mr. Bigtalk?”
Sherlock was focused on cleaning the sticks, but talked over the flow of hot water. “It's your first time and five are not the easiest beginner's pack. Personally, I think you are doing incredibly well. I know I couldn't do what you're doing currently.”
John turned his head away and took many deep breaths. His eyes fell back on Sherlock and, again, their stern looks met. John hated Sherlock being right, especially since he thought it fed Sherlock's oh-so-giant ego. “You are
Madly enough, John's words seemed to sooth some disturbed part of his mind. Ridiculous biology an Omega has. “Right now, I'd like you to copulate with me”
John was frozen in his motions for a moment. He'd shot down guys like him god damn it, why was it so hard to stand up for himself now? “Is this some act of homophobia?” Sherlock asked and John watched, with his eyes as hard and determined as he could keep them, the Alpha boulder look at his companion. “Is an Omega not allowed to get an Omega for themselves?”
Well, there was no use in sulking about this now; he was hungry, he had to eat! John, ever the charming man, had left something in the fridge to simply re-heat. The greasy bacon Sherlock had discovered he loved among it.
“You could have stayed in bed. It'll take a while till I'm done here.” John offered without looking at him. His features were very relaxed, though, so at least he didn't seem to feel bad anymore.
“Get out!” he was shouting now, his pulse elevating. He was unsettled and it got worse by the second.
“Well,” John snapped, brushing past the Alpha to make himself tea, “I guess we can always deal with that when it comes to it.”
Sherlock's stay in hospital turns out to be shorter than John anticipated. Then again, Sherlock was always a man of wonders to him.
John took another deep breath, attempting to calm himself, while it only made his erection more painful. “It's not humiliating, Sherlock, there's nothing to be ashamed of-”
They were starting to grow out of the reclusive phase, ready to learn from their parents, or in this case just John. He blew a raspberry on the curved stomach before buttoning the onesie again. Alex was still giggling on John's arm as they went downstairs, where Mrs Hudson was already entertaining the rest of them before having breakfast together. Sherlock was on the couch in the living room, waiting patiently for the kitchen table to be cleared for his next experiment.
He took a little pause still, as his brain tried to supply a fitting reaction. “Well, now that that's settled, when do we get ourselves tested?”
Anyway, I hope this very short chapter sort of makes up for it. Or maybe Sherlock and John make up (for it). You tell me - I've grown kinda numb to this story.
Apparently, he had forgotten to detach himself because John was eyeing him with deep concern, having stopped in his movements and standing there, in the middle of the room, two sets of dishes in his hands. “Sherlock, are you alright?”
“Prepare yourself!” the Alpha demanded, getting off the bed again to undress. Sherlock did as he was told, but wasn't given much time as John was behind him again as soon as his clothes hit the floor. Without warning, he gripped Sherlock's hips and rammed himself inside. Sherlock coughed around the spit he'd accidentally breathed in, eyes stinging with renewed tears of pain. Behind him, John was just moaning luxuriously.
“John, damn it, I told you to wait for us!” Greg hissed, eyes giving away his deeply settled worry. He scanned the skinny figure positively clinging to the man with the careless look, the unimpressed features and eyes that could kill. “How is he?”
“There's no way Greg would hit on you like that – not in the knowledge you're already taken. It's not really his style.” John argued, taking a few steps closer to his mate
“ ' Nursery.. I want it yellow. With some asymmetrically placed lime green, vertical stripes; two per wall, leaving one completely yellow. Lemon. It ages rather nicely.” Sherlock continued to mumble, waving a hand as if indicating the positions in the intended room whilst sitting himself up.
There was still two hours until John returned from work and so Sherlock made use of the time by pulling out his secret diary and tape measure from a second ground in their closet and took measurements, writing down the 4 inch difference around his belly to last week.
“You've been distressing me all day!” John said defensively, referring to the waves of hormones that have been wafting off Sherlock momentarily. It seemed the pregnancy did still have influences beyond Sherlock's control now and then.
Ugh. “A teenager goes missing, having a habit of going out alone at night, especially an Omega. There's a clear pattern, don't tell me you don't see it.”
John, too, considered for a second. “You're welcome.” he said arrogantly, but with the warmth he would always turn toward Sherlock.
“I must say, we're glad to see you go, Mr. Holmes. For various reasons.” said one of the nurses, giving him a cheeky smile. She was one of the few hospital staff who didn't take his snide remarks as offence. She was also the only one he had accepted as assistance when John hadn't been there. When he thought Sherlock was sleeping soundly, waking only with John's aid.
He watched his face in the window panel of the door as the tunnel flew by. Yes. He was definitely pathetic.
or what other creative ideas people had for this. Sherlock. Just Sherlock. Sherlock and a bit of that wax for his violin's bow. It was so soothing. Almost hypnotic. If John could fall asleep right now, this was his bed of choice. He'd be moving over to the sofa soon, though. The scent would still be somewhat preserved there. Their bed had given it all up long ago and John, sickly, wished they hadn't washed the bedsheets after Sherlock's heat. They would've smelled so gloriously like him still.
“The request came through my website, by someone with a username like a dog's name, 'Woody'. Someone this attached to a pet is typically still underage and living with their parents, but they also don't want said parents to know it's them, should they come across the request, so they didn't use email, which might be controlled or a shared address, but the anonymous request form I have integrated into my blog. Woody is a common name for dogs, so that's not very specific, and by not giving any details about the case they wanted to ensure no parents would be any wiser.”
“No, but neither do we know that the embryo has any kind of abnormality in it. Please calm down.”John replied softly and straddled Sherlock's lap to guide his face against his neck where Sherlock nuzzled into the skin, taking deep breaths with John's scent filling his nostrils and nipping at the flesh as if preparing it for a bite.
The Alpha grinned, leaned in and bit Sherlock's lower lip, pulling at it in a dental death grip. Not letting up on the intensity, he let Sherlock's lip slip out and slap back against his teeth, coaxing a gasp out of the Omega's throat. “Good boy.”
His hands, though moved to stop him. “I can't.” he panted, almost sounding like he was scared. “I can't. I'm- Sherlock, I'm sorry, I am, I can't-”
“Alright. Now, if you would follow me, please, I will have a look at you now to determine what has happened and if your pup is ok, yes?” she asked calmly and they all got up and moved to the examination room.
Again, Sherlock's eyes fixed on his partner, but in a more annoyed manner and only for a short time. “Just bring it here!” he ordered Lestrade and went to sit in his chair, taking his thinking pose. He needed to figure out this hormone induced emotional issue first. John just rolled his eyes as he nodded at the DI.
find you disgusting. Not even in the slightest. You are.. You are breathtakingly beautiful and you're getting prettier by the day. You are beyond desirable.”
Mycroft squinted a little, a smile spreading across his lips. John wasn't sure whether it was fondness or something more malicious. “You don't seem very afraid.”
The young doctor was silent for a moment, obviously concentrating, but there was more to the slightly nervous way she moved the stick around on him and he frowned deeply in concern. A quick look between the couple had John know what Sherlock had worked out and he could feel how John's anticipation was drained out of them both and replaced by naked fear.
“Hm?” came the tired reply from the Alpha and he resumed his long forgotten caresses on Sherlock's back.
“I don't know!” John's voice had turned into an alarmed shouting. Sherlock heard him take calming breaths. Shaky calming breaths. “Jesus, just- your smell!”
When he was done, he lay down between them, arms like walls around them so they couldn't fall off the bed.
The Omega's face twisted until it looked painful, then he spit at John and hit his cheek. The OP let go of the table, absolute fury having taken over his eyes, and threw back his angled arm to land a fist square on the other man's jaw. He was about to leap at him when the policemen stormed into the room and secured John, the other Omega cowering under the table, shielding his head and holding his jaw.
Despite himself, Sherlock felt his eyes tear up, relieved by the knowledge that his family was well, that he hadn't lost their children.
Sherlock got, probably unconsciously more eager with that, his fingers moving in a more demanding fashion.
Making his way downstairs again, he found Sherlock in one of the two armchairs, knees drawn up on the anthracite leather, hands steepled under his chin.
his feet hurting. “Come on, we'll take a direct cut there now, get something to feed those soon-to-be monsters in there.” John chuckled, his free arm angling around to pat his mate's coat-covered belly.
“Because it could harm your reputation among them?” There was a joke in there somewhere, only it sounded like a few other things. Jealousy, for one. Anger for another.
John's eyebrows drew together curiously as he braced himself for whatever madness Sherlock may have stored in there. To his great surprise, the only items not usually in there were some modified paper cups with plastic sticks standing erect in them. He grabbed one of the, now miniature, cups and peeked inside. “Are these...?”
John chuckled and drew away, confirming with an amused “maybe I should,” as he walked into the bathroom, not entirely unaware of the pair of eyes following his arse. And what a nice arse it was. If Sherlock didn't know better, he'd say a smart arse, but then again, it could be taken this way or that (possibly literally) and, after all, John was far more resourceful than most people. And most importantly: he was his. His little bundle of strength and passive aggression. How that could hide so perfectly underneath his softness, kindness and good spirit, Sherlock could only wonder. It surprised him every time – one minute he was John Hamish Watson, the man with the adorably funny middle name you want to cuddle up against, bury your nose in his ridiculous jumpers and just listen to laughing for hours, and the next he was Captain John Watson, ex-army-soldier, army doctor, shot and still fighting strongly. He was brilliant. He was everything Sherlock admired and never wanted to be himself. He was his counterpart and they both knew it, loved it, bathed in it.
“Neither did I.” John was happy to say there was a small smile on Sherlock's lips as he said that, looking at the Omega. “The police are going to arrest your Omega and Beta parents, I trust you've read all of my note?”
“I shouldn't say so, no. The embryo's cells have barely formed just yet – it would be some supernatural cancer to develop so quickly on such young cells.” she replied calmly and, indeed, Sherlock seemed a tat more confident.
Sherlock seemed to consider John's reaction and calculate a fitting response. What he said in the end, however, left John completely flabbergasted. “I have an idea. Just play along.”
John moved over, just reaching the offered seat when his knees gave in and he collapsed by it, eyes wide in shock of the sudden feeling of weakness through his whole body.
There was a long pause in which it sank in, the new feeling caught and they both took in the amazing influence a bond had on the participants; the closeness of hearts, the connection of souls, the circle's ends forming a perfect ring.
“John.” Sherlock whispered after many silent minutes, both of them so calm they were dancing on the edge of sleep.
Shortly after followed a knock at their door and a chirpy “huhu!” and Mrs. Hudson's heels clicking over the dark wood. “Oh, are you two alright?” she asked in the direction of the kitchen.
“You want to know anything specific?” the Omega butted in. At Sherlock's confused look, John elaborated. “I thought you asked because you were interested in something. You're not usually very concerned for my... nature.”
Sherlock seemed to be the only one not pleased with the result. He hadn't been able to get them all in time.
he want Sherlock to do? “It's uh.. It's okay. You don't have to stay, I know you don't feel comfortable around these things.”
It was nice, hearing that delightful sound ring through his chest, seeing the positive and open look in his eyes, feeling the memory settle into his mind palace. He leaned forward in his new position on his side, facing John, to kiss his mate fondly.
“What? Oh, it's, uh, here. It's in 221 Baker Street. Why what is it?” he requested from the Alpha, who was already turning around, mumbling under his breath about impossibility.
His smile grew. “I could always do with the money.” It wasn't a lie, after all, money was the reason he'd started looking for a job in the first place. The fact that he'd have to be satisfied with being a substitute, however, was more due to other potential employers checking his background or being dissatisfied with the 2 years blank between the military and now. He'd tried telling them it was for familial reasons, but, if anything, that only made it worse. No one wanted to employ an Omega who could quit or take a break at any moment to care for their family. It was too 'unreliable'.
John didn't waste another second to pull out his gun and shoot the tall woman in her thigh. With a yelp of surprise and clutching her leg in pain, she tumbled away from Sherlock. By the time she had gathered her thoughts and realised what had happened, she was looking up at John from where she was cowering and his cold stare was enough to keep her down. The lion had become the deer in the headlights and, with one precisely aimed hit, John knocked her out.
“Why?” It sounded fishy to John the moment the Alpha had opened his mouth. Such offers never came without terms. More importantly, they never came without terms that went against his morals.
“I am eating like a pig.. I'm getting fat..” Sherlock complained looking down at himself and where John's hands were moving in lazy circles over his shirt, stopping in his preparation of tea.
John complied, helping Sherlock up and out of the tub, mindful of the tray with the half-empty cup of tea on it, drying his tired mate off, ignoring his protests of how 'undignified' it was, and walking him to the bedroom to lower him onto the bed, where he drew the blanket over him. He kissed his forehead and caressed his small belly before leaving the man to his soft slumber and went to pull the plug for the tub, but, spending a moment with consideration, John instead undressed and stepped into the still warm water himself. A minute later, he pulled the plug and let some of the water drain out, before putting the plug back and refilling the lost amount with completely hot water, groaning as his skin began to burn, his muscles beginning to relax.
“You're right, room spray doesn't quite mask a Purist's scent. But 5 different cleaning agents is still a bit much, don't you think? You didn't want to avoid getting sad. You wanted to erase him from your life like you did his scent.”
Only his weakness being extreme defensiveness. “My what?” he asked, turning back around, jawline tight.
His arms settled around his belly as he came to more and more, an unconscious attempt at keeping his pups warm even as he was shaking with the low temperature.
“22 Northumberland Street. Hurry up!” he presses and as John sent it and looked back up, Sherlock had produced a pink suitcase, unzipped it and was clearly waiting for something to happen.
John shook his head and grabbed the bottle from his son. Jacob began to protest, but John shut him down effectively. “You didn't take any the last 2 minutes, so I'm guessing you'll be fine until we get there. If you were really that hungry, you would have eaten before, so quit that face.” He capped the bottle and threw it in the bag as well.
A grumble at the cashiers overly friendly tone and he was headed home, having had quite enough reminders gathered that confirmed he was to look like a pregnant horse in a short bit.
The Alpha had mercy and poured him a second glass, which was emptied just as easily. There was no further begging – surely because Sherlock knew it wouldn't play out in his favour – but there also were no quips or sarcastic comments. The man had gone down really fast and easily, considering his reputation. Usually, Sherlock stood above those things, but now, cowering on the hard, cold floor, all he could do was to fear for his unborn pups and worry about his mate. There was little possibility to think of anything else and it bothered him; unconsciously, it bothered him. He needed to stay focused and sharp, to converse with this Alpha and gather information. He tried formulating a question, but all that got out was a low mewling sound. The man left him again and he crawled back onto the bed. Maybe the intake of water and carbohydrates would back up his system into functionality. Malnourished, he was just an easier victim to hormones, drugs and all sorts of illnesses.
At this, Sherlock chuckled and John be damned if the blush on the other's cheeks wasn't a sight to marvel at. He looked so young and innocent like he only ever did when he'd just solved a case. Alive and unlike the machine he tried to make people believe he was. “We're more discreet.”
John tried to follow Sherlock's advice and take things a bit lighter. It helped, very slowly, to take the edge off and make him a little more relaxed in general. It was still obvious he wasn't exactly mastering life at the moment. It was approaching winter and the clinic was constantly brimming with patients. His pups hadn't caught a cold yet, but seeing as they were around other children half the day and playing outside, too, there, it was only a matter of time.
A moment later John sat down in the other chair and just watched Sherlock for a second. “Something's bothering you.” he suddenly said matter-of-factly.
“I'm with child.” he said again, looking at the Beta intently, willing him to understand this simple fact.
John took and squeezed his hand before leaning down, planting a kiss on Sherlock's belly before moving to kiss his forehead.
John didn't mind his attitude. John didn't mind his habits. Well, at least not honestly. The curses and rows were no complaining per se and he knew because at the end of the day, John always came back.
Now he was certain: he wanted to keep the pup and he definitely, definitely wanted to keep John. John, who tended to him without being asked. John who had accepted and even liked him right from the start. John who first had smelled so rich and desirable and now irresistible, yet comforting. John, who was the right one for him; the only one.
John was looking at him with his large worried puppy-eyes and the Alpha felt like he was melting from the inside. “Sherlock, are you okay? Are you feeling a bit.. out of sorts today?”
“You know he was right, yes?” John murmured into his ear, their bodies still close, sharing their warmth and so much more with one another.
“Good night, Sherlock,” John quickly shut him down, then kneeled and waved a kiss at his children. “Good night again, loves!” Rosie clapped her palm to her mouth and then waved it enthusiastically at her papa, causing her to lose balance and fall over. She looked at his face, where he was putting on a thick thick layer of amused surprised and giggled in response to it, getting back up with the help of her arms. Her four siblings all chuckled fondly and waddled all around the living room in search of fun games to play.
Lastly, I'll have to admit to you, that I am incredibly lazy and therefore almost never re-read my own texts. Any misspelled words or even misused vocabulary - let me know, I'll correct! (I'm not a direct native speaker, so, yeah, that can happen.)
It was silent for a while. “Look, I know this is a little weird and unexpected, but this is where we are now. You said you don't wish to break our bond and neither do I. Maybe we should just try to find it in ourselves to be like a couple.”
“Good, very good. Now, I assume you are aware of complications of raising quadruplets, the pregnancy, as can be expected, will also be more difficult. Especially because, as I just saw on the monitors, here is a picture by the way,” she handed them the copy, their looks immediately falling towards the black and white, “the pups appear to be rather big for their stage. I can't say for sure, of course, but as it looks now, I would expect them to make it full-size, which means that you can only hope they'll leave their cosy nest early. Anyway, you will experience immense pain in you back, legs and especially your feet, the further you progress. Either way, I would strongly advise you to consider a caesarean section because if they make it full-term, full-size natural birth is as good as impossible, even for an Omega, to endure. I won't command anything, Mr. Holmes, I am only trying to give advise and be of help.”
Oh, how he loved being a tease. He sucked one more time, pleased to note the tension back in John's legs, before his decided it was time to test his limits with the Alpha. He was rather surprised to find John not objecting, but arching off the sofa slightly when his tongue circled his tight ring of muscles, a taboo-area on an Alpha's body.
All his protests stopped when he felt the large alpha penis press against his hole. He just went limp, shock washing over his body. On his back, he couldn't even avoid looking at the man. His head fell to the side and he stared into the room, but he could still see the movement on the outermost point in his vision. Hard and ruthless thrust, to pleasure the Alpha's needs. His entrance was burning up with the harsh friction and brutal stretching. His insides quietly tore apart as his mind continued to scream for John – more desperately now than ever before. A silent tear rolled over the corner of his eye, but it only marked the beginning of a group-dance across his face. His dirty shirt scratched at his back as he was pushed back with every unforgiving thrust and forth with the Alpha's hands pulling him back in. The pain his belly grew stronger and more agonising by the second and he was secretly wondering if he was miscarrying their pups right now. With a mental cringe, he thought how wonderful that would be, how much it would spare them, how it would save them from living in this world in which idiots ruled society and humanity would spit in your face, chew on your existence and then spit you back out. At least they'd never have to feel any pain. Maybe he'd die in here or would be kept alive and they'd have to grow up like this, never knowing their admirable father, unable to experience the true love of their Omega as Sherlock deteriorated and withered in a corner. They'd never have to see the emptiness in his existence. They'd be free. And Sherlock would envy them.
John threw him a glance, a specific one and Sherlock was familiar with its meaning. “At least stay conscious for a couple of minutes. I think we should take a walk.”
“Your bond is still very young and strong.. But I s'pose that never seizes in a soul mates' bond anyway...” the DI mused. Taking a good look at John's figure again and drawing conclusions from the cold coffee, the reddened eyes, darker rings under the eyes and overall slumped and lifeless posture, he asked “have you slept at all?”
“Sherlock.” John interrupted him calmly. How on earth could he stay calm, he was an expectant father, how did he not feel this... this... protectiveness?!
John's head snapped to him, his anger gone from his eyes and replaced by that soft predatory look and subconscious lip licking. “Nice try, Prince Charming, but we need milk.”
“I have a job!” Sherlock knew his brother was simply wearing a mask. Mycroft had always been proud of him and only wanted his best. Question was, why did he not act like it, ever?!
John slapped him again. His cheek stung beautifully as it caught colour again. “You're such a nuisance. If the sex wasn't good, I'd have tossed you back out onto the street again.” the Alpha spat back, turning him around forcefully, pulling his arse up in the air while simultaneously pushing down hard on between his shoulder blades, sticking out on his bony back. Sherlock was glad he'd done all the stretching himself already.
Sherlock shuffled into the living room, clothed in only a bedsheet and found John bustling around, quite efficiently for his state, at that. “What are you doing?”
“Then why don't they stop him leaving?” No. No, that wasn't meant to come out as an accusation. And his hand wasn't meant to touch his belly. That wasn't right! Why was this happening?
John nodded tensely before turning back around and re-entering the flat. “Sherlock,” he said softly as he approached his mate, still unsettled in his chair, outwardly noticeable by the clenched jaw and densely fixed eyes. “Hey, love.. It's ok. For now, everything's fine.” Somehow the fact that John was present was enough to ease his mind somewhat. His mate was there. His Alpha wasn't leaving him. John wasn't angry. John gave him a chance to save their pup.
At some point, he and John made eye contact again and John began dancing at him, closing most of the distance between them. He didn't touch Sherlock, but the desire was very visible in his eyes. Sherlock briefly looked down to John's hips, finding the Alpha's cock stirring against his jeans and his pelvis moving very deliberately, very suggestively and very enticingly. He gasped a little in surprise and looked back up into John's face, which was covered in pure eroticism.
Sherlock leant into the caress on his cheekbone, turning his head so he could kiss the palm. He angled so that he could take a small sniff from John's wrist, were his calm scent was strong. Another peck was planted to the doctor's thumb and he whispered a “let's go” before he opened his eyes again and resumed his position next to his mate. John happily looped his arm around Sherlock's waist, setting their pace back up.
At last, he had his eyes on a door to which a sheet of paper was taped, saying 'DORMS'. He walked towards it when someone called out behind him. He froze as quick steps approached him and soon had his face pressed into a wall. “How did you get out here?! What's your number?”
“Yeah, I know, I tried- I,” the man snapped back, then stopped, remembering who he was talking to, “I will.” he said firmly, resuming his work on washing the dishes.
Sherlock sighed and began to speak slowly, as if greatly annoyed. “As I do believe I have mentioned before, I was not intending to buy an Omega. I am
They lay down afterwards, John holding Sherlock close. “I love you, John.” the Omega murmured and buried his nose in his mate's chest.
“Daily walks, long walks. Exhausting, physically demanding at the pace at which you usually take your walks. You suggested it after we agreed on eating out, so clearly it has been at the back of your mind. You want to keep me fit. More precisely, you want my legs to remain strong.”
It was John's turn to frown. “No,” he quickly put the cutlery down. “no, not at all. Sherlock- no!” he emitted a deep sigh. “I do
“You said you work for the police. Are you working on shutting the auction house down?” John asked. Sherlock merely nodded once. “So, when that happens, you can let me go without risk of me being caught again.” the Omega remarked.
Slowly, really slowly, he caught the sound of loud breathing, panting really, ringing in his ear and his after felt ready to rip being stretched so widely, but he wouldn't let go of that pain for any price the world was worth.
But when John lay Sherlock down in his bed, he did nothing about his painfully obvious erection that Sherlock didn't seem able to take his eyes from. It made the impression of being so big and wonderful and perfect to fill him up entirely and knot him and give him loads and loads of children and he didn't know how and when it happened, but he was suddenly drowning in the strong scent radiating from the crotch he was pressing his face into.
He placed his head in his hands, elbows resting on the wooden desk as his friend stroked his back soothingly, continuing to talk to him. John knew he was just trying to keep him from passing out entirely, but there was nothing but white noise in his ears as he tried to get back in contact with his mate.
John nodded. “Is that why you made tea?” he asked, looking at Sherlock. His own smirk was answered by an unamused look.
“I know what you're trying to do.” John smiled to himself. He really liked Sherlock's attitude, despite what the boy might think.
“John, you're in no condition to face your mate in whatever condition he's in! You're staying here until we figure this out. There might be danger there and you can barely stand, let alone face it.”
“You tell me.” the Alpha answered very seriously, giving John the time to answer. John took it and turned, beginning his walk back to the black car.
The only answer John gave was sensual nuzzling of his jawline, down over every part of the Omega he could reach until Sherlock stood there, undressed and John snogging him senseless.
“Oh, no,” Sherlock interrupted, “I mean because you are a lot more relaxed than you have been for the last three weeks. You seemed to be very annoyed and upset by something, figuring out it was your struggle to get back on the suppressants wasn't a big leap.” the Alpha said dismissively, shoving a forkful of chicken into his mouth.
“Why did you present so late? And why did you not react to that 'uncomfortable feeling'?” Sherlock questioned. John wasn't stupid, he should have known what was possibly happening, especially with his interest in biology even back then, he deduced.
“Blood, cloth, anything that could indicate a crime has taken place.” he said, turning towards them. “We should part ways for that, I suppose, might be faster. I have got some of my network on the case as well though, so we will likely have some information in no time.”
With help from Mr Hudson, John moved the kids over to the living room for their daily learning routine. He cleared the kitchen table and nudged Sherlock out of his trance. He thanked Mrs Hudson and sat down by his pups. He drew their attention to himself and started by waving at Rosie, saying hello. The first time, they just watched. John waited and Rosie waved back, in a manner of speaking. She was moving her fist a little, her eyes fixated on her father in distant fascination.
“Your life is my life, Sherlock, has been from the day we met, hasn't it? If you want to keep the pup, you'll not be able to work cases for a while, after that, we can always make arrangements. I could stop joining you, work in the clinic to earn the money, come home and take care of the pup while you run off to do what you always do. If you don't want to keep it, we'll see to it being 'taken care of' and continue the way we have until now.” John remained absolutely calm and neutral. He didn't want to influence Sherlock, obviously.
The grin turned into a loving gaze, followed by a dreaming gaze directed in front of him as he tugged his mate along on their way until their rhythms evened out and they marched in step, taking a moderate length of a detour to Angelo's. The further they went, though, the more Sherlock started to lean into John either unconsciously or in the hope of not being found out.
Sherlock looked at him once and could tell that wasn't the whole truth. “You mean you want them to get more used to seeing me and interacting with me.”
Sherlock reached out over the tabletop and took John's right hand in his left, finding that it was rather practical they had different dominant hands since they could hold each other's hand while still operating something. “John. You know better than anyone, what kind of person I am. I am not given to outbursts of emotion and if I do show much of them, it has good reason, pregnancy for example. However, I do believe I have told you, during the more mindful part of the last week, that I am having a certain emotional attachment to you and even though I was lost in the wild conundrum of hormonal spikes, I did not lie. I love you. I am willing to accept this weakness as mine. I am prepared to act upon it, so, if you will have me, I will be yours and yours entirely.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, but agreed. He hated to admit his weakness, but his pups meant everything to him and he'd go through hell to protect them. Even if it meant for him to feel undignified.
They continued their walk in the mood of this uncomfortable silence until Sherlock had to ask John to walk back to the flat to rest his slightly swollen feet.
love you.” and before he realised what he was doing, the sentiment continued pouring out of him. “We have to be strong now, John. For them.”
“Well, that is difficult to say. For those who believe in it, this could be a cause for autism, but there's still not much reliable research on his. I'm sorry, but I don't think I can help you much on that matter, unless you want to offer yourself as a research subject.”
“Your room is upstairs, you can keep it however you want, no one is going to go up there anyway. I see patients at nearly all times of the day, so you will make sure to either keep to yourself or be nice to them, are we clear on that? Now, have a drink.” John shoved one of the mugs into Sherlock's hand before the boy could reply. The Omega eyed it warily, but took it. The housekeeper had brought the tea and John hadn't been in the room on his own since Sherlock's arrival. He didn't think the old lady would have drugged his tea and even if, the mugs looked identical – John couldn't be sure which one was poisoned. John took a sip from the other cup. With his free hand, he reached into Sherlock's curls and grabbed at them. He sat down on the sofa, beside Sherlock, tugging at his hair and caressing his scalp in turns. “I like your hair, now that it's washed. Kind of.. luscious.”
Being trapped inside it while doors slammed open and shut over and over again without his control was not that pleasant. For once, Sherlock had felt an anxious longing to escape his second home. Everything in it was screaming at him, even John. After blissful cuddling he began screaming his name and he couldn't say if it was concern or anger booming out of the mental image of his mate, but it scared him.
Sherlock wasn't taking John's reaction lightly, and he was all too glad about that. Then again, his face felt so bloodless, he might as well have been looking like a ghost. “No parents would give their child into that society.”
“I would also, at this point, like to check that everything is alright with your genitalia. I don't know and don't want to assume exactly what happened to you, but if you say you're not ready to-”
“Of course. Omega, Beta, Alpha; the presence of once bonded mate always makes one's strength increase, no matter the sex. The psyche often plays just as much a role in any healing process as the body itself does. But that leaves my personal profession and is a matter for a psychologist or psychiatrist. Your breakfast will be here shortly. We'll see tomorrow what your vitals say. Have a nice day.”
Reality made him snap out of his trance and John was there, looking concerned and asking if something was wrong, checking Kat for anything that might give Sherlock reason to space out.
“I'm not- I wasn't thinking- I've never seen an Alpha's penis before, John.. I would have believed that was average, had you not told me..” he mused, inspecting the muscle in front of him even more eagerly, fascinated by the way it held its own weight in the air so easily, even bobbing every now and then.
The Omega lay his hands on John's knees, however couldn't keep them still, so he ran them up his thighs, pausing to push his thumbs lightly next to his hipbones and proceeded to let them roam over his Alpha's chest for a while, dragging them back down to assist John's movements as he began to move his own pelvis in time.
John hid his face by looking at his watch on the small table next to him. “Gee, Sherlock, what are you doing? Go back to bed.”
The human wardrobe cast an uncertain look back to John, who made a point of standing his ground. “This club has a no-Omega-policy.”
John thought about it and it helped push through his paralysis. Going home might have been the wiser option because Sherlock was right; he shouldn't be so involved, but thinking about home, his pups and himself at that same age the boy was, he couldn't look away. There was an Alpha sibling concerned for her brother and taking action against their parents' will and John couldn't just ignore that. “I want to do this with you.”
Sherlock stared back at him in question, but John stepped away, giving him a look that led Sherlock to believe it would be a very bad idea to leave this spot. The doctor returned with his kit. He made a quick, and unavoidably painful, process of treating the Omega's ear. Then he caressed his face, scratching lightly with his fingernails. He moved in for a kiss, stopped short before Sherlock's lips like a question.
He flicked through the photos back and forth, watching Sherlock's little tummy steadily grow and shrink again. Suddenly, he couldn't hold back a tear. What if this was the last he had of him? What if he'd never see him again because they can't find him or they do and then he's just dead? His last words to the love of his life would have been “Fine, where? JW” - those are terrible last words! They could be read in any emotion. It wasn't a love-filled “Sounds good to me, where will I see you, love? JW” or “I'd rather not, love, I'm very tired and would very much just like to fall asleep cuddled up against you. JW”. It was a bloody “Fine, where? JW”
John smiled, but his expression became apologetic shortly after that sentence. “I'd seriously hate to ask him that, but I'd be happy to do something at yours if I could bring them along?”
“When I wake up from a nap and you're not here, you haven't gone for a quick run by Baker Street, have you? You just go there to collect an alibi.”
Sherlock Holmes had been someone who'd interested John right from the beginning, which didn't happen often. He was rude, demanding, arrogant and bloody intelligent. He'd first thought the man was some kind of trickster or had looked him up, but had quickly been shown, that he was just a very, impressively clever Omega.
Sherlock dismissed such concerns. “Don't care. I need you to send a text message.” he said and waved his hand in the direction of the desk. “There's a number on the desk, text it.”
“Ah, I don't think so. I asked you to come here to make arrangements, did I not.” John butted in, stepping between the two taller men.
“No, I just mean that it would feel like you're doing it for my sake.” the Alpha replied, lowering his gaze, disguised by poking at his food.
Also, can we please appreciate the fact that, if things had gone John's way, the canon baby would actually have been called Katherine? You know, like Kat in this story? Am I awesome???
True to his word, they stopped in front of a Victorian house about a minute later. The Alpha rang the doorbell as he couldn't reach his pockets. An elderly woman opened the door. “Oh, John, it's you! And who is this?” she chirped as she stepped out of the way, wiping her hands on her apron and closing the door behind them.
As the Omega slept, John had a word with one of the nurses that came by to check on his mate and, with permission, made the remaining fruit into a little snack for Sherlock (and maybe himself) to have between lunch and dinner. All the while, he was thinking about what Sherlock had done, or rather tried to do, that morning. How he'd attempted to help John.
“John?” Sherlock's hand on his shoulder and his voice startled him. He hadn't heard the Omega approach him.
He ran down the stairs, throwing his jacket on as he dashed onto the street and got into someone else's taxi. He phoned the police on his chase after the phone, telling them where the tracker stopped. When he himself arrived there, he had to choose between two buildings. He took the one the cab was parked closest to and entered, searching from the bottom floor, looking into rooms, trying to find Sherlock. Trying to find out what was going on. His gun was a comforting, grounding weight in the back of his waistband. The open air had washed away any hint of Sherlock's already very subtle scent. He didn't know if he was running around the right halls, looking inside the correct rooms. The stench of other people, weighed down by chlorine and other cleaning agents confused John's sensitive nose more than anything. His eyes started to burn where they acted so aggressively against senses.
It was on a risky case, that the bomb finally exploded. They were hunting down a wanted rapist, only this one was a serial-rapist who hunted during her ruts. It may have been the smell of two Omegas chasing her that limited her capacities, but she was easily outrun and while John looked after her latest almost-victim until the police and ambulance arrived, Sherlock had gone ahead after the Alpha.
“I'm not being any more kind to you than I would anyone else I'd offer to share my flat.” The Alpha replied, becoming increasingly annoyed at their discussion.
John hadn't given it much thought, but now that Sherlock was looking into his eyes again for just a second at a time while curling up in pain, he started wondering how Sherlock must have felt all along. Being more emotional and sociable since he presented seemed to have come naturally and without issues, but did Sherlock sometimes battle himself over allowing himself to be that way? Did he often feel helpless with his bodies desires and actions? The thought made John feel uncomfortably self-conscious. Maybe Sherlock wouldn't have given his consent all the time had he been entirely in control of his actions. He felt sick.
Ugh, it feels wrong to post this, but then again: I don't really care all that much, which is awful. Somehow.
The speed with which John propped himself up on one elbow to stare at Sherlock in sheer horror was frankly quite remarkable, even if worryingly so. “It's just- I mean... Nothing to fret, John... Did I agree to bond?”
He realised he had been staring at Sherlock for at least a couple of minutes when he saw his deducting eyes jump over his body and his mouth bent in a one-sided, loving smirk.
John's eyebrows drew together sharply. “He does?” When Sherlock only answered with a raised eyebrow, John continued. “I thought he didn't really like me.”
“Naturally. But I must say that, as long as he heals, I do not care about the process. Not in this. However this is not the reason I have come.” How would it be. “The Alpha you managed to 'dispose of' has been identified. He is known to have worked with a certain man who has been in our interest for some time now; the mind in the crime, in a lot of them, actually. Apparently something was miss-communicated, since it isn't his style to go by such
Later, John went back to the hospital. He'd agreed on two more months of work just last week, so he could be with Sherlock from his six-months-mark since they reckoned he'd begin to have minor problems then. The first colleague that saw John wanted him to go back home straight away, but he told that nurse off in his doctor's authority. He went to sit at his desk, plastic cup of coffee to his right, phone to his left, always waiting for someone to tell him they found Sherlock.
The Omega nodded and excused himself for a second. When he came back, a pretty woman was right at his tail, a wary smile on her lips, like she had to will happiness onto her face at a time like this. John shuddered as he looked at her and could only shake her hand by forcing himself. She stank of something all too familiar. “I am sorry I didn't greet you at the door. I'm currently cooking and couldn't leave the kitchen before.” she said in a thick Scottish accent.
“The certainty that my nieces and nephews are well off? I think it is fairly obvious that Sherlock will be the only one to continue the family-line. Considering that makes me an uncle and our parents very happy, it is in my best interest to see to their safety and comfort.”
He took his notepad from the small table next to his chair, and a pen. He skipped back to a list of plans he had made weeks ago and ticked off all he'd done already. The one, big issue that was still on there, was 'find a flat'. He looked at it sadly, realising that he still had no foreseeable future in which he could cross that one out.
Sherlock placed his hands on the outsides of John's thighs, gripping gently as he kissed a trail up the insides. He varied between simple kisses, nips and sucks in certain areas and burying his nose in it as well in other areas, stimulating his nerves so that all zones felt erogenous, seemingly succeeding when John let out aroused grunts, his cock stiffening until it was fully erect. That was when he further ignored the pulsing member to bite and suck along his mate's hip bones, following the V-line and yet never touching the large penis that stood so proudly and unashamed right next to his face. With John's position he could and did reach back to the other's arse, his thin hands sliding under without resistance and John's questioning frown deepened when Sherlock pulled his pelvis forth, his upper body sinking into lower angles gradually as his midsection came close to lay flat on the couch and he seemed to realise what was happening when Sherlock lay his calves over his back so that his knees bend wherever the Omega decided to move with his shoulders.
“Well, I think we already covered the fact that I did enjoy it largely. If you wanted, I'd let you have me anytime.”
“It's uh.. Look at this.” she instructed, pointing with her finger at a tiny bundle of light grey. “This is the embryo, but the dot is too big for just three weeks... Unfortunately it doesn't seem I can tell for sure what this means until we can get a more detailed picture. Sorry..”
His mate was blinking in and out of his mind throughout the entire night and John started to go mad with the instability of their connection. The most comfortable scenario he could think of was that his mate was somewhere in some kind of drug den, taking some shit every few hours that knocked him out quite thoroughly.
Carefully, hands laid down on his shoulders, asking for permission, before Sherlock started gently rubbing them. John was glad they were on one of the few streets in this part of London, where traffic wasn't too thick and their potential audience reasonably small. “I believe you, John.” Sherlock assured him and the Omega could see the Alpha's theories on the case dying away, replaced by the one solution proposed by his flatmate.
Sherlock turned this way and that, eyeing his reflection with disgust. No matter what he did, he couldn't hide it. He couldn't even excuse himself with being pregnant because he simply didn't look it yet. It was too much to still look like his thin old self and too little to look like a baby-bump. His middle was nothing of its old muscular form; it was soft and wobbly fat. And to think John actually liked it – something he had accepted, but could still not comprehend.
“Yes, there was a boy here, an Omega, he came rather frequently to meet an Alpha.” Sherlock began to explain.
They waited for her footsteps to disappear down the stairs and out the door. Their moods slowly returned to normal. “I take it you know her?” Sherlock asked in a voice that was much less impressive than the meaning behind the words.
Sherlock shuffled from the bed to his feet and slowly wobbled over to John, the quickly increasing weight of their growing pups putting an extra challenge to his progress daily, but he managed. His legs were building up their muscles again and he needed little aid to move now. The wall sufficed. He stopped in front of John, raised his head by cupping his face and looked him deep in the eyes.
John made a noise that sounded like a vague answer if any. “I just don't think-,” he made a pause and pursed his lips. “I'll get back to you on this, okay?”
When they tried to sedate Sherlock, he started throwing a tantrum and John stepped in, catching both his arms and talking to him calmly as he held his wrists in one hand and held the other out to be handed the syringe. Whispering reassuring words and phrases to his mate, he was able to stab his muscle with the needle and injected the sedative. A short “I'm sorry” later, he watched Sherlock drift off under the influence of the strong medicine. He was hoping they weren't complete idiots and had given him a mixture not terribly harmful to pregnancies.
Her brown eyes drifted up and glid from John to Sherlock and back to the Omega. “My brother is missing. My parents are telling me he's gone on holiday with his dad, but sometimes I secretly stay up at night to read and I heard them talk about it. They mentioned a letter and police, but they won't call them. I think they were threatened not to go to the police.”
“Uh..” was all John could say, really, because he wasn't good, as one could imagine, but he was horrible either.
“I'm suddenly having a deja-vu.” John grinned softly. “Now, I guess we just have to not be noticed, huh?”John found looking suspicious very hard to do, especially when the smell of arrogant, entitled Alphas was battling with the odours he was now slowly getting used to.
rather rare, but nothing to be concerned about. Omega pregnancies tend to have their quirks, but they make up for it by being generally a lot more stubborn and thick than beta pregnancies. It's harder to cause damage to you than to a Beta carrier
There was no answer. Concerned, John opened the door and looked inside, his frown dissolving into an endeared smile as he realised Sherlock had fallen asleep. He knelt next to the tub and combed his hand through Sherlock's dry locks until the man stirred. “Hey, feeling better?” he asked in a soft whisper.
Later, he was grateful for it as he lay awake with arousal. He reached down and slipped his hand inside his boxers, trailing it along the inside of his thigh to rub against his entrance. With two fingers he spread the wetness around the ring of muscles and dipped in, with just the tips at first, savouring the sense of teasing for a moment before pushing them in up to the knuckles. For a while he was undulating against these two fingers, but once he was sufficiently aroused for his fantasy to kick in and supply romanticised memories of sex, he pushed in two more fingers and imagined another body moving in rhythm with him. He could feel the heat, hear the breaths and was surprisingly fast to climax.
Then, like a snap, the Alpha's eyes were void of any such expression and he turned back to the kitchen with a smirk.
This one's been sitting patiently for about a week now, but I didn't want to post too soon as I expect the next chapter might be a while again, sorry.
He spent a while examining the metal cuff around his ankle to see if there was anything to work with, but apparently it was of very good quality and not easily broken or picked. He sighed.
“Whether or not John stays is his choice, not mine. Though, I would advice against him moving out. He'd have a hard enough time to establish himself out there on his own, let alone with five toddlers. Society is very slow catching up.”
“John.” This was not the time and place to start a fight, as daft as that woman might be. “The boy went missing two days ago, he was meeting his date here. They both have short, brown hair, hold on, here are pictures of both of them. Recognise either?”
“Oh, please! John, you are precisely 1.26 times my size, don't be so dramatic! You'd do all those things just fine! And anyway, you have stronger legs, you struggle less than I do!”
“How d'you know?” Greg asked, kneeling down in front of him to see his face turned toward the floor.
Sherlock could feel how John fought his Alpha against the challenge this kind of stare stirred inside him. “Go on.
If Sherlock had been horny before, the quick glance to his mate's stirring erection made his own penis join in.
was right. I don't even want to think about when it's over because this is the longest high I've ever been on and the fall is always tremendous.”
If you have, aside the destruction and pure fire, any kind words like prompts for topics of future chapters, let me know! I've got a lot of chapters to write and will no doubt run out of plot eventually ^^'
“Okay, so, here we have three healthy little babies,” with these words, their hearts sank simultaneously and Sherlock drenched of what little colour he had gained from recent nutrition. “They are just a tiny bit less than average, but it looks to me like that will balance within the next week or two. Now this one,” she dragged the stick over to where their worry lay within Sherlock's pelvis, “I can already tell you is not going to do just as well.” her face looked a professional shade of empathetic. “Do you see how the other three move about already? This one doesn't. It's slightly underdeveloped and while the body might catch up, I'm afraid it will be at least mildly mentally disabled.”
He could feel Sherlock more and more intensely. He knew he was getting closer. And the less the distance between them, the more accurately he could locate him.
“I think it will help you see that there is nothing wrong with asking for help. Mycroft may be an alpha arsehole, but he has his reasons, as far as I know, and you're not one of them.” he said, trying to appease John, who was clearly not in the state to fight anymore anyway.
The lack of patients these weeks was confusing him greatly, but he couldn't be bothered to give it much thought – his brain couldn't work around it anyway. Just coming in to work was such a mechanical action, running on autopilot.
“Oh, him? Yeah, he can join, too. I bet he'd love to sit around my apartment with you all day, fat with my pups, keeping you company-” his arrogant speech was interrupted by a groan of pain as John crowded him face first against the wall of a house, holding his arm behind his back as he leaned in close, hissing his anger out at him.
Jacob watched the interaction between his dad and his sister, got curious about their secret and tried it himself. John pointed Rosie's attention to Jacob and she paused, saw his hand doing what John' had done and copied again, waving at him. One after another, all the pups joined in, waving at each other in a vaguely familiar routine, always accompanied by John saying “hello” and other words of greeting. He later moved on to some simple clapping, but always keeping the volume low.
John pursed his lips, taking deep breaths. So this was the same level as calling him stupid? Why? “Sherlock, why would you want to do that?” he repeated his question.
It was the most relaxing because he knew Sherlock wouldn't do that. Not pregnant. Knowing that such a horrible thing couldn't be going on appeased his mind a little and was a good strategy to keep it from going somewhere worse than that. Sherlock loved those pups; it was tangible in every breath he took, every fleeting caress of his belly, every short glance down to see that it was still happening.
The Alpha frowned deeply at that. “Why would I pretend? I'm not pretending, John. Do with them whatever you like, just make sure they don't interfere with my work.”
Just on the landing between the two floors, John was huffing and puffing. He would have deemed it ridiculous, if there wasn't the constant reminder of his belly somewhere in his field of vision. He didn't even dare setting the bag down and taking a break. Once he
“You did not rape me. I might have-. I might not have agreed to it all had I expected it. But I was the one who lured you in. Just because you're an Alpha, doesn't mean you can't get sexually assaulted, so actually, I would have been the one assaulting you, leading to your thinking I was receptive, which I was and.. It doesn't matter what way we play it out, John, we would always end up here. Illogical as it is, we're 'meant to be'. The kidnapping, that was a risk of the work. I wouldn't have needed to be pregnant for all that to happen. Although I am lucky it happened after I had lost my virginity to another Alpha because, otherwise, it might have had psychological impacts on me that I would deny, of course. We're not fine. But we can be. We
John tried to breath, tried not to focus on Sherlock smelling probably like a ripe 'come-and-breed-me-Alpha”-fruit.“Fucking Christ.. I can't think!”
“We're going to be fine.” his Alpha whispered with more breath than words, diving in for that long wanted kiss.
Sherlock's eyes jumped around, looking for something to deduce, something that would distract him and he knew how obvious it made his uneasiness, he knew John knew.
There was a lot of noise and for a while, too, as John came up the stairs, his five pups climbing them on wobbly legs and with a lot of help from their arms. Curiously, they still hadn't started walking, but their interest in stairs had increased significantly, which, to John, was both blessing and curse. He was just lucky they were unable to crawl out of their beds to attempt to get downstairs at night, since he was in the habit of keeping the door ajar, wanting to be woken by any possible suspicious noises, silly as that was in a flat in the middle of London, living with an Alpha in his prime.
“Either the parents made a comment about how the police couldn't help, or our client is scared to ask help from that kind of force.” John snorted. “What?”
spontaneously, it seems. Here,” she pulled out a business card and handed it to John, “my number's on there. Give me a ring once you know when to have that dinner and babysitting evening.” She winked and got up.
“Oh, they're content as long as there is tea in the first place.” Sherlock waved his hand gracefully again, rolling his eyes. “Just you wait till Mycroft stays long enough to drink a cup – he'll be leaving in an instant.”
Another thing that amazed Sherlock: John was everyone's idea of an ordinary guy with normal views and opinions. Everyone, including himself, underestimated John. John didn't, of course, the man was very well aware of his strengths and weaknesses. And, actually, John was rather unsocial. He disliked most people for their obviousness and simplicity. Most people on the police force, for example, fit that pattern. He didn't want to chat about sports and sex all the time because that was all he knew. Mostly, John liked to not talk at all. He liked to listen to whatever people wanted to tell him, but preferably deep topics, preferably Sherlock showing off – as much as he liked to deny it.
“No, John, that wasn't what I meant!” Sherlock said quickly, fearing he had upset John after all. Why was he so incorrigibly useless when it came to emotional talk?!
“Well, groups, of course, have the upside of feeling as a collective, not like you are alone and on your own with pains and worries, the downside being, there are other people, mostly couples and not everyone might get along with everyone else. That's the beauty of private lessons: Just the couple and their teacher. The con is, it's more expensive and you have to pay for it yourselves.”
He curled up on his side, it was dark outside and the tiny window let through just a bar of light that shone onto the floor. If it was moonlight, at least he could calculate roughly what time it was, but instead it was cold and artificial. He felt as if someone had thoroughly punched him in the gut and he was sure he'd be throwing up soon if he was kept away from John for much longer. He didn't know much about the Alpha/Beta/Omega dynamics and much less about different aspects of bonds, let alone soul mates, so he just hoped being separated from his Alpha like this for long wouldn't cause him to miscarry because that was surely what he felt like at the moment. On the other hand, that might just as well be the stress' doing.
There was a short moment, when they were waiting for a cab, that John turned to him to say something.
“Well, we both enjoy me being pregnant.” the Omega answered as if that explained everything, which, to him, it did.
John watched her leave the platform, then turned back to the card. Apparently she was an editor with an office in central London. He was still not entirely sure he wanted to go for this, but his curiosity was peaked. God knewhe was longing for some human contact and he'd not say no to some good sex. That was surely in it, if nothing else. He put the card into his wallet and drank the rest of his water. He was an adult, he could meet up with someone to have a shag, didn't mean they'd have to get involved romantically. Didn't mean he was signing over his soul to the devil. He'd just have to pick a time where the pups would be asleep and Mrs Hudson would probably not mind watching them a night.
“All the more reason to start practising! My legs have gotten weak with the lack of walking and conversion of muscle to fat; which I burned immediately, at that. I'm not going to be pushed out of here in a wheelchair! I need to work on this.” The Omega argued and John held his hands tightly.
They fell into panting breaths shortly after as John licked and nipped at Sherlock's erogenous spot and the latter opened him with his fingers, brushing over his prostate every so often.
The brunet was under within seconds again and John made sure he was asleep before getting back up to leave the room, wide awake suddenly.
His Alpha was kneeling in front of him, was sucking and moaning and swallowing around his too large omega cock just to bring him pleasure, just to worship him.
have a kink for being dominated! I'm just excited to try out new stuff with you and, regarding these last two months, I think that's to be expected of an Alpha! Even in my teens I never had sex more than four times a day, and that's counting hand jobs and everything...”
“My after is behaving like a waterfall, John!” Sherlock snapped back, then mewled in realisation he had behaved badly around his Alpha-
Pieces of clothing landing on the floor, John's hot, sweaty body pressed everywhere on top of him, making him feel wonderful, even though his own body seemed already above advisable temperature. But then there was this hot, incredibly hard part of John, driving him crazy just so as it pressed against his pelvis, right next to his own member, again and again as John started rutting against him. John was panting heavily against his collarbone between nibs and licks and, god, his moans. Slowly, John slid down, kissing his way over Sherlock's belly in a burning line until he met with his penis, marvelling at the size of it – bigger than the ordinary Omega cock; longer and wider. No wonder Sherlock had simply assumed he was genderless, what with the lack of hints he could either be Omega or Alpha, since his member's size was somewhere between both, but still without the scent of a Beta.
“What about practices? There are groups or private classes, for experienced Omegas, we give the opportunity to take pamphlets and do the practising on their own, but that stage you haven't reached yet, have you, first pregnancy and all.” It wasn't a question, just information. “Of course, you can go without practises, again, nobody can force you, but I would strongly advice you do.”
“Huhu!” came the soft high pitch of their landlady's voice. “Oh, just look at you two..! You will make such a beautiful family!” she smiled, proud as a mother.
However, what worried me in particular, was the recurring theme of people taking this to be a darkfic. This is not a darkfic. Unless I don't actually know what a darkfic really is (which is entirely possible).
John fixed him with an annoyed glare at first, but soon lost to his desire to giggle. It was true and it was odd. He'd never been one to joke about himself much, God knew how Sherlock got him to do so.
A knock on the door yanked at his mind. “Hey, love, you alright?” John asked, worry clear on his face as he approached the bed.
Sherlock, John would say, if he didn't know any better, blushed. “Only, if you wish to, of course. I could understand, if-”
Jacob was just getting his breakfast stuck in his mouth when Lestrade arrived at the top of the stairs. John hadn't heard Mrs Hudson open the front door nor the heavy feet on the steps, but their doors were open and the DI wandered straight in. John had overslept that morning. He hadn't realised the day before, how drained all of it had left him. He put on a big smile that was only ¾ fake and greeted Greg.
“John...” Sherlock whimpered, tears welling up in his eyes. John simply held him, comforted him by being present.
Sherlock answered. He didn't know what was going on, what John was doing, but now more than ever before, he trusted the man. He was rewarded with more nibbles. This time, however, it was more like usually, still viscous, but deliberate, not aiming to do more harm than pleasure. Sherlock felt John rub against his thigh again and the Alpha gasped and quickly set his hands to task on undressing the Omega. Sherlock reached out to do the same, but before his fingers could even touch John's shirt, the Alpha was grabbing his wrist, forcefully pinning them against the wall and resuming his motions. Sherlock was left breathless and naked when John shoved him to walk to the back of the flat, into his bedroom. Sherlock was just about to turn around, standing beside the bed, when a sharp pain stung his side. He bent over, clutching at the spot and looked up at John, holding a riding crop. Next thing he knew, a powerful kick knocked him over onto the bed. He watched John put the riding crop back down, almost hiding it behind the radiator. “This.. is what you want, isn't it?” he asked in a dangerous voice.”Turn around!”
Yeah, so, if you can spare the time and care (uh, have I gone for rhyming now?!), please do keep throwing those words of love at me, show me whenever I misspell or miss words or whatever and help me make this worth your while!
John hesitated as he listened to Sherlock getting ready to leave the house. He didn't want Sherlock to spend that kind of money on him, but the longer he had to wait for the trains to get back into service, the longer Sherlock would have to look after his children. “I'll leave that up to you. I'm okay waiting, but I'd understand if you didn't want to be alone with them for god knows how long.”
“The idea of me getting big and round with your pup!” he elaborated, taken aback by the fact John might actually find something good in that. Upon realising John's embarrassment, however, he settled for a nicer tone. He could take time to think about this later, maybe when they were both training to control just what the bond should translate between them. “Does someone have a really bad kink here?”
“'m fine. Could use some food, though, yes.” Sherlock simply answered, propping himself up on his elbows before pushing into a sitting position, back against headboard. He grabbed one of the sandwiches, white bread, bit of salad, strips of chicken – whenever John had taken time to do some cooking, he didn't know – and mayonnaise. Simple, but delicious and satiating. “How are you?” he finally asked back when he had devoured half of the sandwich.
“Damn it!” John cursed as he got up to go after an already leaving Sherlock. “Mrs Hudson, could you possibly have an ear on the little ones for me, please?” he called ahead as they went downstairs.
Sherlock was, of course, referring to John's day off. The doctor still felt bad for breaking his promise to a child. Sherlock sighed. “Believe me, she'll be more grateful for finding her brother than keeping her secret.”
Sherlock gave him a good look: John was relaxed, comfortable with the current situation, he had already offered a plan to Sherlock should he choose to keep the child. John had always wanted a family, he had said and it'd be only logical, if he wanted to have this pup with Sherlock, as he'd also proved he felt the same emotional pull toward him.
Sherlock nodded to himself, a silent 'thank you'. He let it seep into his voice so John knew it was there as well. “Good luck, John.” and with that he was jumping downstairs again, presumably occupying the living area of the flat.
John sighed at being denied his children for longer, but had to agree. He excused himself, saying he'd get them as soon as he was done and made his way upstairs, where Sherlock had just put on the kettle and was taking off his coat. He enjoyed the warm spray more than he'd planned and caught himself nearly falling over in fatigue twice. After the second time, he decided to go safe and sat down in the tub, scrubbing idly at his skin to get off the horrendous stench of the young Alpha's pathetic shot at masculinity. By the time he emerged from the bathroom, he could hardly keep his eyes open any more.
They drank coffee in silence, John relaxed in his armchair, Sherlock retreated to the couch in a pout. He tried, but he couldn't figure out just what it was that John wanted.
, when he felt warm hands envelope his face and John's lips crash softly against his own. Stunned, as he was, he couldn't bring his eyes to shut themselves and instead stared up at John's firmly pressed closed ones, the single tear that fought its way out between the eyelashes and fell on his face.
“Yes, that's why I came in here. Jacob cam to hand me his stick, so I figured you must have drifted off.” The Alpha reached out a hand to offer John help getting up.
“Kate, right? We're searching for a young Omega. A boy. He came here frequently with an Alpha. These are their pictures. Do you recognise either of them?”
“So, how are you feeling, Mr. Holmes?” His doctor asked, friendly smile on her lips as she shook first his then John's hand before sitting down at her desk again.
Lestrade seemed hurried as he usually did when he consulted Sherlock. “Hey! Haven't heard from you in a while. Everything alright? Where's John?” the DI immediately asked, looking around in search of Sherlock's social half.
Before I forget: chapter 10 earned me quite an amount of kudos and several bookmarks as well, but where were the comments?? I'm very sure some of you could have thrown a couple of my babies back at me, so where are my dictionaries?? :c  Please don't kidnap them, give them back!!
“Well then,” the doctor began when he had recovered from the sudden burst of arousal, “you could borrow some of my clothes. They should be fine... for a bit.” And back was the witty Alpha he loved.
The next two and a half minutes were indescribable, heavenly, soft animalistic moans resonating in his mouth, John's voice ringing through his entire body, his long and wide girth stretching him in the best way possible. It was driving him insane, the infinite pleasure and yet not reaching the peak, lingering right there on the verge of what seemed promising to be the most amazing sensation of his life, John teasing him, keeping him there even as he could feel the light swell of John's knot right there, pushing against the rim, but never in.
A knock on the door made John release a sigh and he got up to let the doctor in. “Ah, good morning Dr. Watson. Good morning Mr. Holmes. How are you feeling?” the lean man asked, eyeing the food in the room but saying nothing.
John shudder under this straight forward attempt to win the appreciated Alpha for himself. “Sherlock, stick to your mind, please.”
John, having followed him, sat down in one of the chairs around the table. “So, um.. About my pups..” the Omega began tentatively. Now was as good a time as any. He'd hoped Sherlock would pick up on his intentions, but he didn't answer yet. “I mean, I get you don't want me as your mate, but if you're buying me stuff, you seem to want me to stay at least. The other Alphas never let me keep the pups I had conceived from my previous owner and I'm kind of confused right now.. Do you want me to give them away? They aren't yours, but you don't want me to have yours either, right?”
“Shh, we don't know that! We will go there again in 4 weeks and see if there's anything new she can tell us. Maybe it's just a very eager pup and, going by the amount of food you have been consuming lately, growing really fast just to slow down in a couple of weeks.”
John nodded, closing his eyes as he took and released a deep breath. “No, I.. I know that.” he said in a quick manner, still fighting with the truth of it. “But.. What you felt, your.. I felt that and it made feel like I was right there. Like I was the one doing that to you.” John's voice had become thin, so he stopped adding any more words. After a pause, in which Sherlock had almost interrupted him, he spoke up again, though. “He did rape you, didn't he?”
“It'll be a few more days at least, Sherlock. You've been gone for a month, they need to get your vitals back up.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow, bobbing his as he talked. “Believe me, it hit me as just as much a surprise.”
John growled appreciatively sliding onto the bed to let his hand join Sherlock's. “Careful. It's very tender at the moment.. the stretching hurts a little.”
“Ah, hello, dear! You must be John! So glad to finally meet you!” the plump omega woman chirped as she patted his cheek on her way in.
He grabbed his violin case and lowered himself into his armchair with a small huff. Weighing the case in his hands for a moment, Sherlock thought about the talks John would want to have now that he was out of the hospital. But he'd likely wait until after his appointment with the omega specialist – all uncertainties out of the way.
“I really don't understand how all this is working. It's just.. not scientifically plausible to me how we can share our emotions with one another, but it's happening. You're breaking me with your sadness, John. You don't mean to, I am aware, but then let me help you. We need to get out of this somehow.”
“Why is he here?” Sherlock asked. He'd been quiet during the entire tour, observing, listening. The guide and the other Alphas, which Sherlock could clearly see were more than interested in this omega speciality, looked at him, flabbergasted. “Well, as you say: he is rare and basically an Alpha's every dream. The fact that his number is lower than that of the last one you showed to us, but being placed
“Yeah, okay. If you say you're ready, we'll practise. But you need support, Sherlock. If you fall, in your condition, you might hurt the pups. Let me help you and we'll take it one step at a time. Literally.”
Just when he brushed in again, stroking what must have been his prostate, releasing a brand new spark of spiking pleasure, giving Sherlock the one peak that he had missed in the stimulation of his cock as it stretched out into his tip, he orgasmed again, more powerful, but with just as little satisfaction as before.
“Yes, I fear his Italian spirit hasn't gotten note of the British etiquette yet.” the Alpha replied, eyes already back on the building opposite.
“You're welcome.” he answered cockily and they grinned at each other for some time. He reached behind himself and handed John his bowl of soup, looking him deep in the eyes as he said "You may feed me now," feeling a little ridiculous at behaving like a child, but if it pleased John, why worry about it.
“Yes. You were right, I ceased living for myself the moment I bit you and I should start taking that responsibility.”
pain of being stretched ever so slightly. With his legs bend, feet pressed flat to the mattress, he ground down on the fingers inside him desperately.
Most people were too confused or didn't know how to behave around him. This made John more special than anything or anyone else. People saw it as a disability and John literally just didn't care. If he was to be friends with a 3-years-old Unpresented, than so be it, he thought to himself. He wasn't confused by Sherlock not smelling of anything other than his body wash. He smiled at him nonetheless, treated him like any other likeable person.
He was just glad Mrs Hudson was there to catch them and wrap them up in fluffy blankets after cleaning them off, clearing their orifices. He sighed happily when the last one was free, grabbed one of his towels and cleaned himself up lazily before shifting to sit back against the headboard. Mrs Hudson laid the pups out around him for him to pick up and imprint at his own pace. He whispered a soft 'thank you' at her and she smiled, patting his knee and swiftly left the room.
“If memory serves me right, it was you who said, on our first date, and I quote 'I was considering just calling and asking for a quickie.'”
“I thought you just covered it up. I thought you were an Alpha, or at least a Beta.” John sounded panicky. Panicky was not good. It made himself panic – the Omega reacting to the emotions of the nearby Alpha and if an Alpha panicked, it meant there was danger. An Omega in heat couldn't handle danger.
It wasn't until 3 months after Sherlock had moved in, that something finally changed between them. John had left his bedroom apparently feeling untypically happy one morning. He was tapping his foot as he made coffee, but before he ever took a sip, he turned on some music. Sherlock didn't recognise it; something you'd hear playing in a club – not really his genre. But John seemed to enjoy it, as he turned up the volume, walking over to where Sherlock was sitting in the leather armchair. He stretched out a hand towards the Omega. “Dance with me.”
were supposed to! You don't know how fucking lucky you are!” He didn't wait for a reply nor could he bare to look at his face a moment longer. He went next door, where Sherlock, Greg and Sally had been watching. His cheeks were red with anger and shame when he walked past the sergeant, who scrutinised him thoroughly.
“Don't doubt it.” Sherlock stood, retrieving the object in question from the DI and placing it on the small table in front of the couch, on which he sat more or less gracefully.
“I'm alright. Just thinking.” he answered and noticed his own deep voice ringing through the room, volume supported by the tiled walls and floor.
When Sherlock woke up, he could just hear John breathing in little bursts, smell his sweat. He sat up in the bed to stretch and look around.
“Yes,” was the simple response John had required. Suddenly he seemed awake and alive again as stretched over him, enveloped Sherlock's face in his hands and kissed him with something that felt like infinite relief. And Sherlock kissed back.
John smirked “Nope.” He drew back a little. “We're having dinner and a walk and you can ride me afterwards, if you like.” Then he leaned in to whisper in his mate's ear. “Or maybe you want me to ride you for once?”
He had scars visible on his face and neck, his broad shoulders and posture were a very easy give-away to let Sherlock know he had been a soldier for quite some time. “Hostage? What would you want with me as a hostage?” Sherlock questioned, although he had a hunch.
He was introduced to Angelo, a nice enough fellow that seemed all too eager to hook Sherlock up with somebody.
John nodded speechlessly. He leaned over him and kissed him lightly. Then he kissed him again; firmly. “Thank you.”
“No. I'm fine.” he repeated, taking in the sight of John, fully dressed and yet with almost magnetic sexual power on him.
At home, John took off Sherlock's coat to hang it up with his own. The detective went straight ahead to make some tea for them both. In the meantime, John sat himself down in his chair, waiting for his mate to return with the tea. When he did, they sat in silence for some time.
“I am not supposed to talk to hostages without direct orders.” the man replied evenly, stopping in his tracks nonetheless.
“No need to be alarmed. Multiples tend to show earlier and growth spurs are irregular in time spans and intensity. I trust your mate could have informed you?”
“Sex, John, I could take you sexually.” Sherlock elaborated in a manner that was supposed to tell John he was being especially dim today. “You have problems taking me because you think I wouldn't want it, but if I were to take you, I would be in full control and not forced to do anything I didn't want.”
“Well, I'm glad you didn't. It's a rather satisfying feeling to know I'm your first.” Sherlock said, a blissful grin pulling at the corner of his mouth.
Fortunately, he wasn't showing any signs of heat by his fourth appointment yet, they reckoned it was because the pups had come so early and his body hadn't caught up all the way yet. He got the prescription. On his way back to the flat, John dropped in by a pharmacy and got his pills.
“They haven't said a word about their issue. So, naturally, I know it's about a missing sibling that vanished from the family in broad daylight.”
“Yes, obviously.” Sherlock dismissed again, observing the contents of the case. When, after a pause, he seemed to realise something, John was a little confused about what he said. “Oh, perhaps I should mention:
“I don't want to sit down.” John said firmly, not wanting to give Mycroft any more physical advantage than he already had; not to mention that he wanted to make it a point he didn't need caring for – not from an Alpha, not from anyone.
“Let's face it: I loved it. I loved how much you loved it. Certainly, I can't always let you do that, I have.. urges. And when it becomes too much, I trust you would let me have what my nature demands, but otherwise, I am all open for some non-conventional sex.”
They managed about two steps before Sherlock collapsed into him, having underestimated just how sick his body was. John made it a short process and simply lifted him up, wondering where this strength had come from, considering he wasn't doing much better than his mate. Still, he effortlessly carried the way too thin Omega up the stairs, almost bumping into Greg as he set foot outside the building's door, onlookers having gathered on the stairs that lead to their flats, disturbed by the unusual visitors.
“No, not that kind of nauseous, you know I don't get sick in the middle of the day.” Sherlock retorted as if pointing out the most obvious thing in the world. “No, I mean I'm nauseous, my chest feels all... woozy..” he elaborated in a slightly weird way, confused maybe.
“Quick, John, where is it?” Sherlock asked, moving over to where he was standing as well and leaning over John's back as the Omega spoke.
, but he had just been too careless, too ignorant, too sure of the wrong truth. And that's what it had gotten him into now.
Sherlock rolled his eyes to show his annoyance. “Just look!” he exclaimed, briefly pointing at his belly before quickly drawing back his hand to not point it out too much, not point it out to himself.
John shook his head in dismiss, he wanted to get up again, but felt he wouldn't make it to the door. “I'm telling you, Greg, something happened to Sherlock.” he insisted, feeling his breathing speed up, knowing what followed would be a panic attack. “I can feel it. Something's wrong.” he panted, voice giving in slightly.
John wasn't looking at him when he apologised. “Do you even still know what you're apologising for?” Sherlock asked, evidently doing his best to sound softer than he was feeling. He was rubbing a hand against his belly as if apologising to their pups for the outburst. Ironic, really, since they were the ones making him so irrational in the first place.
John's smile turned rather dangerous when he answered in a low voice, almost whispering. “Then you have a problem because he's mine and I'm not giving him back. Now leave my house. You can communicate with me via letters from now on. Name your price and I will pay it.”
And he loved danger. He was begging for it, for Sherlock to take him along on his adventures instead of annoyingly pointing out how he could get himself killed, how very childish his behaviour and longing for heroism was; he never told Sherlock to stop, not even now because he was an Omega, because he was pregnant, because he was his mate. No, John encouraged him to keep pursuing his job even if they kept the pup.
So, yeah. Here it is. You asked for it and since I find myself in the rare situation that combines having time AND being creative - here you already go again.
“I would advise you to stay away from him, but I can see from your left hand that's not going to happen.” He shouldn't. He shouldn't turn around. He should keep walking and not let Mycroft do this to him.
There followed a silence in which they first stared at each other and then the other Alpha, Mycroft, looked down at John from the corner of his eye. He looked back at Sherlock before speaking again. “You have more than yourself to worry for now, Sherlock.” And just like that, Mycroft turned on his heel, leaving the flat, his PA right behind him, not sparing them a glance.
The smell was just so... intoxicating. Like the music the Omega often played on his violin when John was angry or having trouble sleeping; calming, sweeping him away, carrying him on what could only be described like a drug trip.
“Well, then, why do you want to know?” John asked with a frown, he obviously wasn't sure where this conversation was going, but had a hunch he wouldn't like it there.
“Yeah, obviously.” John repeated very flatly. He absently stared into the dip in Sherlock's leather armchair.
“I hear, and see, that you have finally 'done the trick'. Just two days ago, I was informed you had paid a
“Oh, but we just arrived, love! Why don't you make us a cup of tea, Sherlock, hm? We” she started moving, went to sit on the couch, “can get to know your mate a little better meanwhile. What do you say,
Just two days later, as they were caught yet again in a tangle of limbs and kisses and rocking the clump of cells inside Sherlock in the calming rhythm of John fucking Sherlock senseless on their couch, John abruptly stopped in all his movement and moans and, to Sherlock's great displeasure, his cock went soft right there inside him.
“Since I knew you wouldn't..” of course, Mycroft wouldn't miss out on the opportunity, but neither would Sherlock; letting his brother have the last word would be like complimenting Anderson on his intelligence – unacceptable.
Sherlock stared at the fabric of John's t-shirt for a second before moving up and kissing the back of his neck. “I love you..”
is my day off and I've got to go back to work tomorrow. Thousands of things you memorise, but god forbid my timetable at work..” he huffed, looking down at Sherlock with a weird look on his face.
“Hmhm. Now, I'm taking from your profession, that you are not likely to be squeamish around blood, which would mean you're more concerned than frightened.” there was a pause in which she looked at him, he looked away and John did they same to not push him. “Mr. Holmes, I assume the paramedics have asked you about your excretions?”
He leaned back a little, hand resting on his belly, eyes closed and just breathed for a moment. This wasn't the first time an Alpha had had an interest in him; in fact, he'd been at six different Alpha's houses, each of them impregnating him over the course of sometimes mere weeks that he'd stayed there. Then again, getting an Omega Purist pregnant was probably the least difficult task for a virile Alpha, even outside of a heat. After all, that had been the reason they'd bought him in the end, only to throw him away when they couldn't stand him any more. The current litters were from two different Alphas, one of them having been just a servant of the house. John may be a fighter, but he knew even a trained soldier like him couldn't fight off an Alpha in rut. Needless to say they were both thrown out of the house when his Alpha noticed. He guessed he should just be glad none of them had ever tried to bond him because he was sure they wouldn't have cared for an easy dissolving of it, instead leaving him to the cruel method he'd seen the auction house do on two or three other Omegas.
John could see Sherlock draw in a breath and then release it again abruptly. “A great mind knows when to contemplate an even greater one. My experience in human emotional responses is limited, so I would have been an idiot to ignore yours.” Sherlock paused and John used that moment to really let that warmth inside him spread as he was taking seriously by an Alpha. “What I don't understand is how I didn't pick up his being a purist. He can't be on suppressants and I could smell you very easily before.”
John moved then, stretching his arm out to take Sherlock's hand. “It's all right, love. We will do the best we can, hm? And if anything like this ever happens to us, well, we still got you. You'll figure it out and find them. Teenagers are rebellious, that's normal. The key is to not suppress them, just limit them in dimensions they deem reasonable-”
“Yes.” John nodded with a light red tinge on his cheeks. He really wasn't shy about sexuality, but talking about his sex life itself remained a trifle awkward to him.
Sherlock sighed and considered this. Strangely, he found it didn't appear quite as appalling to him as it used to, though he still didn't like it.
Sherlock pushed a hand under John's t-shirt, savouring the feeling of his softer middle, giving a soft sigh as he attempted to rub his crotch against John, but ended up pressing his belly against him instead, eliciting a small moan from John.
After a brief inspection, Sherlock could tell that the boy had indeed been surprised and dragged into the alley where, apparently, the omega boy had not only been raped but also killed afterwards. A piece of torn off cloth held the fingerprints that lead Lestrade to the responsible Beta in the end. Sherlock got the satisfaction of doing some of the interrogation himself, taking the man apart piece by piece – he wouldn't soon forget or forgive himself.
John had now been ignoring his phone for a week before the messages stopped coming. Even if he wanted the reunion and even if he was interested in giving anyone from his past a chance for redemption, he had neither time nor mind to spare on such things. He was glad to say he could indulge in being very tied in with work at the surgery and when he's not busy being a doctor, he's usually busy being a dad. If he still finds a minute of boredom despite these two jobs, he gets asked by Sherlock to accompany him on, mainly minor, cases, to... well, mainly to give his opinion, John guessed or at least to listen while Sherlock thought aloud. The past is best left inthe past in his humble opinion. Actually, he didn't even know how anyone beside Sherlock, Mycroft, Greg and a few people from work would have gotten his mobile number. Someone must have blabbed.
John, fond of the Alpha's human touch after that inhuman display of intelligence, rubbed his belly idly. He looked much more appropriate inside a cab, Sherlock thought. Needless to say, he fit better in one as well. The Omega pondered his new situation for a moment, the Alpha's scent crawling up his nostrils from where his long coat bunched up around his chest. He'd popped some of the buttons open to avoid the fabric constricting his belly in a sitting position. He like the Alpha's scent. It was calm and sort of balanced, not heated and aggressive, like the ones before him had been. “Why did you buy me?” he finally asked again.
“Yeah, but why? I get that you're an Omega and a father, but this was a bit extreme. How am I gonna explain this? This case will go to court and you can bet he'll press charges for that!” John didn't immediately reply and cast his eyes to the floor. “Look, if there's something serious on your mind, you should tell me before I let you question a suspect. Both for their safety and yours. Now, will tell me what got you so riled up?”
The notes were taken from him and he looked up in surprise to find Sherlock frowning at them. His gaze shifted up to John, back down and then he sighed. “I assume it's time we actually talk about this.” he said, throwing the notepad off to the side.
As Sherlock licked his way into John's mouth, the Alpha pulled him close, cock stirring already at the anticipation of what was to come. Instead of an expected chuckle or grin, Sherlock moaned at the contact, eagerly pushing back against him, starting to set a rhythm with his hips rolling down against his. John could feel him stiffening, too, now, so he broke away. “Bed?” he gasped with a shaky voice.
By the time John exited the small room, head hanging low, Sherlock had eaten his own breakfast and some of John's remaining. The Alpha looked up with a look akin to apology, trying to hide as much of his misery as he could, and, upon seeing the cleared plate on Sherlock's table and the missing bits of his own load, he didn't, as Sherlock had anticipated, look relieved, but rather close to tears, pinching his eyebrows together and tilting his head away.
After a few seconds of adjusting to the new position, the whole process became easier, Sherlock being able to push in deeper, resulting in him grunting and moaning occasionally against John's mouth, and he also hit the Alpha's prostate every umpteenth thrust, having John gasping and moaning back at him, hands clawing at his back.
pups!” Sherlock answered, dark rumble breathless, gasping whenJohn kissed his way over the back of his neck and finding a particularly sensitive spot. The Omega's hands joined John's on his proud little belly, his head falling to the side to give John access to nibble and lick at the scarring bond bite, as he lead the other's pair of hands down into his pants, making his intentions clear.
John saw him watch the pups with an oddly calm expression. He looked at them himself and felt very in place in this room and company. “They do like you.” It sounded mushy, but it needed saying. Sherlock deserved the credit.
Through the day, John spent a lot of time playing and teaching, cooking and caring. He loved Sundays because not only was it the second day he got off from work, but the daycare was closed and he had to keep the kids home. It terrified him, but in a way, that helped. Sherlock had no excuse to leave the flat either, so it was a very domestic day that John couldn't describe as anything other than relaxing. Seeing his pups play all around the living room, with Sherlock being dragged into games far more often than John would expect the Alpha to tolerate, gave him a certain sense of family. This calmed him at first, but then made him remember that they weren't family, at least in that sense. Sherlock was his friend. His girlfriend was a few blocks away, and she didn't even know his children. They had only John, no other parent, and even he wasn't always there for them. Part of him wished he could just declare Sherlock their second guardian. He was so good with them and made it seem so easy, it was a pity he didn't want a family of his own. John thought he'd make for an excellent father. Then again, John didn't have any proper reference for good parents and was probably not qualified to make such assessments. There was an uncomfortable longing bubbling up in John, that he knew not to hold onto because it was founded upon a utopian idea that was unhealthy to expect from anyone ever.
John didn't mind his job. John didn't mind the danger. He loved it, in fact. What he hated was the extra work he had put on himself by taking that job at the clinic. He was more a soldier than a doctor after all. Mundane didn't suit him.
John walked the way to the taxi by his side, not speaking, just bathing in the warm feeling of Sherlock's mind at ease, feeling him strongly through their bond and suppressing any worries either of them had bubbling up inside them.
Sherlock huffed internally. A straight approach would get him nowhere, he'd have to lure the Alpha in, but that was an easy thing to say and a near impossible thing to achieve; when John was shut down on something, there was no way of getting him there. In fact, that was one of the most basic rules of manipulation, John just happened to be very clearly set on what he would and would not do.
Today was the day. It was the day he would lose John. The day his whole world would fall to ashes. And he realised it too late. Had he known sooner, he could have done...
“I, uh.. Sorry.” the Omega replied, lowering his eyes in submission and as a peace offering that wasn't needed. “I just.. Are you going to keep me?”
Sherlock lifted his head to look at John's reflection in the mirror: eyes closed, eyebrows curled up. “Did you just-?”
“No, I can't, I must- Sherlock...” John mumbled, protesting mildly as he was lead back to the desk and sat down in the chair he was on his way to before.
John put down towel and dish and went over to the couch, pulled Sherlock's upper body up by expecting hands and straddled his lap. Laying his arms around the Omega's neck, he kept him in that upright position. “I want it for you. Because I know you would dread laying around all day, incapable of wearing off the great energy you manage to build up at the oddest times, incapable of avoiding boredom, incapable of doing your job-”
Of course, John didn't come after his appointment with this client. Instead, he made Sherlock wait, sitting on his bed, until he'd seen his very last patient two hours later. Sherlock wasn't idle in that time. He'd learnt to prepare himself after the first time this had happened. As soon as he could hear the firm, uneven footsteps on the wooden stairs, he got excited. The last week, John had created 3 incidents to justify his “punishments”, each starting and ending differently, making it impossible for Sherlock to get bored. Once, he was even allowed to wait in John's own bedroom.
After a very short growl at the violence scratching his alpha ego, John immediately fell back into his useless, cowering self, looking up at his mate's brother with puppy eyes as he begged for forgiveness for... he didn't even know what specifically. Mycroft sighed a deep huff and turned around, pulling up a chair to sit in, trying to avoid accidentally challenging John by sitting in his territory right now. John felt the ill desire to bury his face in Mycroft; the familial scent altered, but recognisable in the older brother. “Stop thinking that.” Mycroft said strictly. John still wondered how the brothers did that. “You need to focus.” the man continued to urge.
He didn't know why it bothered him so much that they would be having a disabled child. He didn't think there was anything wrong with disabled people, why would there be? It just somehow made him feel weak, powerless. Like he'd failed as this pack's Alpha.
“My whole body. Like a bomb has exploded right in front of me and ripped half of me away. It literally, physically hurts.”
John looked up at that, his expression unreadable. “Home?” he asked with a tone of disbelief to his voice. Sherlock kept eye-contact. John wasn't sure whether he'd really seen him nod lightly or if that was just a natural shift, but it was obvious Sherlock meant to confirm. “There really isn't a 'home' for me. Not for people like me. We get either kept against our will or passed on to the next sorry bastard. Family is home. I can't have one.”
“Case and point.” Sherlock said with a quirked eyebrow, to which John replied with a daring look. “Ugh, you know what I mean!” John only gave an annoyed hum at that turned to pour himself a last cup with the remains as well.
“Angelo.” John specified, inclining his head in the general direction in which the owner of the restaurant had gone. “He seemed very... keen.”
Apart from relieving his barely-full bladder, he also emptied some contents of his almost-full stomach. Grateful John hadn't rushed in, but let him handle it himself, Sherlock brushed his teeth again and entered the bedroom, laying down next to John, who draped a hand over the growing belly on Sherlock's front. It felt like it would all turn out fine again.
Sherlock, apparently, caught on immediately. There was a strong wave of sadness rushing through to John. The tall Omega got down on his knees next to John, grasping his hand and looking up at him with big eyes. John didn't dare to look. The mere thought of Sherlock lowering himself in front of anyone, lowering his ego, was just not right. It reminded him of their shared heat and that hadn't been Sherlock he'd been with then. But Sherlock was adamant.
John chuckled and lifted his head to look at the Omega. “Do you like that? Do you enjoy being my bitch?” he growled, pressing his hips further forward. Sherlock could feel his massive cock rub against his abdomen and, looking down, observed the movement of John's pelvis. The friction made his eyes water as he came, nearly dry and in pain, a bit of tea sloshing over the brim of the cup and onto his hand. John opened his pants and reached for his prick, stroking it a few times and shooting his seed up to Sherlock's chin with a grunt. A white line painted Sherlock's chest with the after-shots. “Go, clean yourself up and then go upstairs.”
“What about your sex addiction?” as if on cue, the Omega began moving his hips, bumping his growing erection into John's.
They didn't say anything else for neither of them could really think of anything appropriate to the tone of the situation. John unlocked the door to 221 Baker Street as Sherlock paid the cabbie. He felt some of the tension leave his body the moment the familiar scents of his home hit his nose and he felt lighter for sensing the closeness to his pups again.
He looked down at his bare feet. One of them had this big iron chain locked around his ankle, tying him to the wall right next to the bed and making practically any laying position uncomfortable in one way or another. Not that sitting was very homey with the freezing touch of metal against his foot.
month belly as they stumbled into the bedroom. They reversed their routine to get down on the bed, stabilising each other to prevent falling.
“John, calm down. There is nothing you can do but wait now. Please breath deeply and slowly, someone's getting you a glass of water and we'll know for sure in a bit.” the other man spoke in a calming voice that didn't much help him. He felt numb, unable to move a muscle, his mind blank – the most frightening thing being he couldn't feel Sherlock any more. He felt the beginnings of nausea rising deep in his stomach and physically forced the water down his throat when it was handed to him.
“Yes, her,” he waved a hand dismissively. He was in the midst of taking up some other action, but spun back around abruptly. “The how many-nth time's this anyway? Sixth?”
John, resigned, shook his head further away from his mate. “John.” the Omega insisted, and when John didn't react, he gently grabbed his chin and forced him to look at Sherlock.
Dr. Field grinned a little. She was quite intelligent and seemed to have long understood that Sherlock was a difficult person and John wasn't much of a social man either. “Good, here is a pamphlet with the different midwives we recommend. You can take that home and decide until your next appointment so that we can arrange for you to get familiar as soon as possible with the chance of switching should you not see them fit.” John nodded, taking the paper from her, pocketing it.
Somewhere across the city Sherlock blinked awake again, the hairs on his body raised at the cold air in the large, empty room. Whatever they'd given him, it must have been very strong.
He suddenly wished he hadn't put on a new shirt that morning. He longed for John's scent so badly. It felt like he hadn't seen him for an eternity, as ridiculous as that sounded. He could barely feel John through their bond even though he sought him out with all his concentration. The was an ache starting in the back of his head so he left it at that for now. It wouldn't do to ruin his entire concentration by encouraging a major headache and he shouldn't strain his limbic system or else he might lose John completely.
It was all he needed to know. To Sherlock, that was all that mattered. Looking at John, though, it seemed that he was alone with that opinion. No. It just hadn't quite registered yet. John wasn't quite caught up. “John?”
It was the smirk. John's bloody way of smirking at him, that made Sherlock actually blush the most translucent shade of red. And before Sherlock could reply anything, John sat down his mug and took Sherlock's out of his hand as well just while straddling his lap. The seat of the chair was a bit cramped what with John's legs next to Sherlock's widening hips and plumper thighs, but why bother about something so irrelevant, when all Sherlock needed was right in front of him, forehead touching forehead, noses brushing against each other, lips longing to feel the company of the pair belonging to the one person, that made his insides turn in a rather nice way and his heart ache the closer they got because it just never was close enough.
The court ruled Mr and Mrs Edwards guilty, of course, and John narrowly escaped a lawsuit thanks to Greg and Sherlock's combined arguments and a tiny bit of edging around the full truth to hide John's nature and bring the blame back on the couple. Tommy's Alpha parent achieved custody of both children.
And there it was. John's tender, demanding lips sealing his mouth. By the time John started gently thrust his hips forward, Sherlock was gone and done for, even in his heat-addled mind he recognised this was more than he had ever dreamed of. He didn't know which part of him was most served right now – his instinct or his heart.
And indeed, John's eyes went right back to their dark hungry stare, uncertainty and shame followed by deep passion and arousal as he started to feed Sherlock spoon after spoon of the lukewarm dish.
At home in 221B, John proceeded to make some tea whilst Sherlock sat down on the sofa, taking a look at those descriptions and pictures of midwives, without making any decision yet, but loudly deducing that one of them was cheating on their Beta boyfriend and another having had two miscarriages himself. John turned on the telly and ordered Sherlock lay down with his feet in his lap so he could massage them – a relaxing activity to John as it turned out, much to his mate's delight. Sherlock closed his eyes and went over thinking, discussing with himself the pros and cons of birthing methods and of what he already knew about the midwives. Sometime nearing the evening, John shook him awake, the rich taste of his cooking filling Sherlock's nostrils as a plate was set down on the small table next to him. He sat up and ate with John, watching some sci-fi show his partner liked.
John petted the boy's head and grinned cockily. “Well, it helps not being able to smell anything other than chemical shit you sprayed on yourself.”
He felt so dumb. Now, that his brain had picked up on working fully again, it sunk in, all of it. How it had started, how pathetically he had tried to hide from John instead of standing strong an taking control. He remembered how John had, in his way of caring, brought him to his bedroom and how he had tried to seduce John like a ridiculous horny dog. He remembered how John had eventually lost control and taken him, helped him. And he remembered how senseless he had been, how he had not even tried to think about just
“Yes, I don't want children around me, yes it is annoying, but considering my very own habits and how unconventional they are, I will hardly be qualified to judge. Besides, it would be very inconvenient to have you live somewhere else and then call you to a case.”
Sighing contently, Sherlock pushed John back against the headboard to sit there and straddled his lap, rolling his hips slowly against the Alpha's, who started to moan after only a few moments, his hand still on the Omega's belly, gliding along the lowest line, where the swell got the most obvious.
John regarded him a moment, visibly in thought. His voice was slow when he spoke. “They got threatened. 'Don't involve the police' – that kind of thing?” He took the half-smile in Sherlock's face as confirmation. “So the parents received a threat and the child knows they won't ask for help. Why not go to the police themselves?”
Finally, relaxed, he arrived back, offering Sherlock a brief hello, but dashing right upstairs to where his pups lay in their cots. Emilia was stirring with his arrival and he stroked her cheek, picking her up before she could ask and holding her. His eyes fell closed as she gurgled quietly against his chest. He let his chin fall against her head and whispered to himself “getting there. Back on track, I promise I'll make it this time.” He then kissed the top of her head and directed his voice more towards her now. “We're going to get well. I won't leave you alone. Ever. You're my family.”
The Omega, taken by the whirlwind that was Sherlock Holmes, but not really surprised any more. It hadn't been the first time. He was just about to settle down in his armchair with a laptop Mycroft had provided, intending to look up daycare centres in the area.
“Yes, I know.” she said, continuing to tap away at her phone, her voice bearing the most professional smile John's ever heard.
Sherlock watched him lay out the lettuce in front of himself. “They're getting quite big now. And heavy.”
“All due respect, I don't think this is your house and therefore I doubt you have the authority to kick me out.” Her smug voice spoke of a history of establishing hierarchy.
John thanked him and was walking out his room when Sherlock grumbled a little more. “Be safe and all that.”
John's mouth twitched a little when Sherlock kissed his hand, looking at him expectantly. “You never answered me: why do you love me so much?”
“Hm, and that, yes.” he mumbled, followed by an onslaught of mouthing John's neck, knowing well how sensitive he was there. He shoved his hands under the hem of his jumper, pulling at up and over his head before starting to unbutton his own shirt. As soon as they were both bare-chested, Sherlock arched forward into John, who threw his arms around his torso to grab the Omega's plumper arse, pulling him closer, budging forward a bit as well so they were flush together. As his hands pawed all over Sherlock's back, the taller man, sucked in more air than strictly necessary, inflating his small belly as he rutted against his mate. John's heavy breathing and hectic, helpless clawing at his body were a great satisfaction to his efforts of undoing his Alpha in every way he knew was effective.
John was a little confused by her choice of words and began to protest. “Actually, we're not going-”
Now he was looking at John's pups and whenever he did so, he felt odd; scared to touch them in case they would break, but somehow so in awe at how much they looked like their Omega. He'd never realised how much babies imitate their parents. Their facial expressions were so unmistakeably John, that it almost hurt his heart with adorableness. And loss and envy. The flat full of five little Johns and not one of them any more his than the man himself. It shouldn't make him feel so hollow, but for the first time in his life, he felt like he was missing something. This. He felt like he was missing this.
Sherlock did as he was told. He was still unsure what and how he'd gotten himself into, but he wasn't entirely unhappy with it. At least, this had been his own decision, even if it had been his dick rather than his brain that had decided. When he next came downstairs, his bed all done neatly with the linen the Alpha had laid out for him, it wasn't long before the doorbell rang. To his great disappointment, he could identify his brother's footsteps on the stairs.
John chipped in to not seem out of place. “We are worried about him and how the situation your family finds itself in might be affecting him.”
“How about I take you out to dinner next week. That is, if that friend of yours doesn't mind watching your pups a few hours while you ingest some Greek specialities?”
“Stop that.” Sherlock snapped, but as John drew back, he quickly grabbed the hand, placed it back there and turned to face him, which made their entwined arms pull at each other awkwardly, so he freed them and placed John's second hand on his middle, too, as he leant down to kiss him – publicly –, long thin fingers covering short, strong ones.
As soon as he was completely spent, Sherlock lay down the dirty tissue, swallowed the rest of the bitter fluid and climbed up the sofa, pulling John's trousers back up with him, and settled back into his lap.
“We're flatmates. We get along surprisingly well.” John noted. It was true, that was the base of their relationship.
She kissed him back readily, speaking when they broke apart. “I never thought I'd be outrun by an Omega! Your libido is more active than any of my alpha mates!”
“Yes, that was when you were a toothpick on long legs. These days, lounging about on the sofa has an effect.”
They had slept together so many times, but except for that one time John had performed fellatio on him, they had done nothing but just that. He had always felt John's long and wide penis, of course, but he had never laid a real eye on it, too consumed by the unexpected pleasures sex had brought him. Now that he was, though, he noted that, even in comparison to his beta-sized cock, an Alpha's member was incredible; long and thick the mere girth seeming unhealthy to put into anyone's opening – hard to believe his own after was able to stretch enough to let that thing in.
John was pulling together all the army will he could remember in this moment. “Well, then I guess I'll have to go somewhere else.” He was radiating a confidence he'd thought to have lost when he was shot in Afghanistan. Not that he was feeling as steady as he seemed, but standing up to one of these people gave him a form of satisfaction that was beyond fairytale. At Sherlock's inquiring look, he shook his head. “It's fine, you go in. I'll catch you later.”
Soft skin between his fingers, Alex's chubby leg wiggling as hi voice rang out in delighted laughter. Tickling always did the trick – a good distraction for changing nappies. Apart from, of course, when someone was in a bad mood for whatever reason. Then it could get tricky.
“YOU'RE LUCKY I'M FUCKING PREGNANT, YOU TWAT!” John instead shouted after the prick before huffing and folding his arms over his large belly. “Fucking Alphas, think they rule the world because they have a big knot, think they own every Omega that isn't up a tree in one second!” he cursed quietly, stomping on his way.
Suddenly, John's knees gave in and he felt a terrible stab to his heart. The nurse finally gave in to his urge to help and ran towards John as he knelt on the clean floor, struggling for breath. His airways were so tightly sealed, he just couldn't get anything in or out.
On the cab ride John seemed twitchy and Sherlock himself felt a strong pull towards the Alpha, only the picture in his hand stopping him from climbing over to the other side of the car. Four pups.
“John, if they have your heart and my mind, they will be the first heroes I'm willing to admit exist.”
“Hey! Stop that, let me go!” he tried struggling, but, in his state, he knew he had no chance. He went still and looked the man dead in the eye. “I'll scream.”
“Oh, that's because I didn't give it to you, dear.” the Omega said with a cheeky but lovely smirk. “Did Sherlock not tell you we're coming? That boy, always the black sheep, but we'd not swap for any treasure in the world-”
Sherlock huffed in annoyance. He had accepted the consequences of being pregnant, but that didn't mean he had to like the fact of losing his fitness. “Yes, eventually I will look like a beach ball.”
No worries, I have not forgotten what I was already asked to do - but everything in its right time ;*
“It doesn't matter.” John said shaking his head. “With everything that's been happening, I can't blame you for thinking every secret must be hiding something bad. I should have told you, really..”
Sherlock, spent in every sense, slumped and fell back against John heavily. The Alpha held him up until his orgasm wore down and he pulled out, laying them down on their sides, dragging a blanket over his body and a limp Sherlock. “You still want to bond to 'that lesbian'?” John asked smugly.
Sherlock sighed, rolled his eyes and let his shoulders hang in absolute exasperation. “Does he look in any way bonded or controlled by me?”
Ten minutes later, he was queuing to pay a pre-made sandwich and a bottle of water from an in-station shop. Another five minutes later, he sat down in the chilly air at the platform, the seats in the waiting lounge all taken up. It was busy, the lack of service for London leaving a lot of people stranded. He heard a pair of teenagers curse the lack of updates they were getting and a mother talking to someone on the phone, trying desperately to calm her crying infant.
Sherlock looked back at him with something akin to a fond smile in his eyes. “I will go to bed now.” he announced.
There was a rather over-dramatised sigh from the younger. “My feet hurt. Which is ridiculous: we've been walking for not more than 20 minutes; I am used to running around for hours!”
“Thank you.” Sherlock replied. Not that he wasn't feeling well enough for other visitors, but he could barely tolerate the staff in his room beside his mate at the moment. John knew that was the real issue. John always knew. “Your hand.” he gently instructed and John held out the limb for Sherlock to take. He brought it up to his face, rubbed his cheek on it to overwrite the foreign scents of the tube, then lifted his gown and lead the
It was a small comment. Small and complimenting, but to John, there was a sour sting to it. He tried to ignore it, the conflict very visible on his face, but he couldn't see beyond the fact that he was barely halfway there. “Do you need help dressing?” he asked as he buttoned his cardigan, diverting the conversation to something else.
“Oh, my father was! But my mother was always a strong and confident woman, that is what she taught her girls and what I taught my boys.” she explained with a knowing smile.
Sherlock shushed him and only as he stopped talking did John notice he was right in the middle of a panic attack. He let Sherlock stabilise him and breathed through it, eyes cast to the ground in mild shame. “You don't have to explain anything, John, I can paint my own picture. All you have to do is tell me whether you want to stay on the case with me or go home and relax. You shouldn't be this... involved.”
Mycroft did not so much as budge. “This is, in fact, exactly my business, dear brother. Mummy would not be pleased to be informed by accident that one of her sons has had a child, much less the one that seemed unable to reproduce. She would be.. insulted by your careless behaviour.” his arrogant voice sounded through the room, carrying to Sherlock's ears the words he knows would affect him the most.
Not long after, they had nearly reached their destination and John still had no clue what the plan was. When the door to the family's house was opened, Sherlock was a completely different person – a pleasant smile on his lips and concern in his brow. John saw how superficial these emotions were and just hoped the Omega in front of them didn't. “Good day to you, Mr Edwards. This is John Watson and I'm Sherlock Holmes, we're here on behalf of your son's school. We were hoping you could give us a few minutes to talk about what is going on.”
John still wasn't reacting properly. He stared on like he was in a trance. He blinked, shook his head minimally and finally spoke. “I want you.” he said and Sherlock's face lit up in a joy John had rarely ever seen so genuine on him.
“You'd let me?” John asked incredulously. While they were still very active in their physical interaction, but scenting was still a rare process, mostly because Sherlock thought it stupid and a waste of time and John didn't really argue about that. He didn't particularly like it himself, but at times like this, when someone tried to seduce his mate or left challenging hormones on him, he just felt it was necessary, like a nervous draw to it. It had even happened, shortly after their first encounter of reversed roles, that Sherlock had scented John after he'd been crowded by an especially interested omega patient. He wouldn't deny he liked it for one second.
“Hello.” John offered simply. Honestly, John wasn't much into the 'Omegas must stick together' mantra, but this woman's behaviour was plain disrespectful, borderline insulting. “I'm John.”
“You must excuse my Omega, he is incredibly clumsy.” the Alpha said nearly sweetly apologetic. The moment he had finished his sentence, he turned Sherlock around by a grip of his collar and slapped him hard across the face. The Omega released a surprised gasp and looked back at John with an expression close to actual fear. “Now you go upstairs and wait there. I will have a word with you when I'm done here.” John said firmly, but kept his hand tight on Sherlock's collar.
Now, the only things he had to worry about were, that he had fallen into heat. His first heat ever. At age 33. He had pulled John with him, without the slightest intention of doing so. John would be mad, really mad. John was strong and controlled and he had dragged him into a hormone-driven frenzy with a man – less appreciatively, with himself.
“John, what are doing?!” he growled angrily, following John's disturbed look to see his brother discreetly averting his eyes. “Well, this certainly is a turn-on.” Sherlock sighed threw the blanket they were keeping on the couch over John, crawling out from underneath him to redress himself right there, while John made his way to their bedroom, blanket held tightly around his body.
“The most elastic pair I own.” the younger man confirmed as John kept pulling at them to try and do them up.
surely needed it. There were memories haunting him, of an Alpha forcing himself onto his weakened body. It made him feel cold and empty. But then he saw John and opened the passageway of their bond again and John would fill him with love and
“Ah, yes. The bravery of a soldier. Bravery is by far the kindest word for stupidity, don't you think? Especially for an Omega such as yourself
He could see Sherlock wanting to protest, but evidently the Alpha had to admit John's greater experience and knowledge in this. “Please, I swear I'm not making this up.” He could feel tears prickling in his eyes. Memories and imagination going hand in hand with John's thoughts to what the child might be going through right this moment.
He felt like he was falling into a bottomless pit, carried on the wings of something grand, something new.
“Well, he won't have forgotten it. It has my number already in it.” the Alpha said dismissively, putting down his instrument and digging out a pack of cigarettes from his dressing gown.
“I mean it, John. I'm not going to let you go. Ever.” he said as in warning, staring up straight at him, showing his seriousness.
“Technically, no, but we've had Sherlock in there plenty a time and I'd guess you care more about rules than he does. Plus, I really don't have the time and resources to spend on this case. We need to wrap it up and I need someone who knows what to poke for.”
“Well, then, you probably have some pills around, right? Something to help you sleep?“ Greg asked as he supported John on the way to the bedroom. He didn't put up a fight because he probably just could gather enough strength any more. John vaguely shook his head. Greg sighed as he loaded him off onto the bed. “Okay, I'll get you some so you can sleep, yes? And you're going to call in ill at the hospital.”
“Can you walk?” he asked weakly as he tried to keep his mind on getting Sherlock to a hospital and not ravaging him then and there to claim him.
John shrugged. “I thought you might appreciate the bit more exercise before the release.” he replied to the not-question. His grip on Sherlock's hand a stabilising contact for the recovering Omega.
John gave a weak chuckle and leaned his head against Sherlock's chest. The Omega embraced him and John gladly encased him in his arms as well.
Sherlock couldn't stop his hips thrusting forward slightly and the moan escaping his throat. He couldn't help the rapid increase in his arousal, his head falling backwards, his hands grabbing the kitchen counter behind him to keep himself steady as John took him deep into his mouth, rubbing circles into his thighs as he signalled him to make more space. Never in his life had he dreamed of the sensation brought by sexual desire, never had he thought of the sensation of them being sated, much less of anyone wanting to sate them, being capable of liking him in any way. Alphas could take what they wanted, Omegas were desired goods, even Betas got their share as they were capable of taking either part. No one wanted a genderless partner – they were useless, even as sex toys because they had no desires in that field. Luckily, there were very, very few of them, they were the rarest group in society. Fewer, than even Deltas and they were practically unheard of. Genderless scared people – they didn't smell, had almost no emotional reactions and were considered psychopaths for their lack of moral standards and empathy. Ridiculous, really, what they meant was sociopathy, which was a mental disability and which, as luck had it, was a part of Sherlock. He was lucky, really to have presented at last, even though John had liked him as a scentless, emotionless individual, regardless of not knowing he had been without gender. John had liked him, apparently even loved him. John loved him now. He loved his character and worshipped his body and Sherlock could not have hoped for someone better. Having presented as an Omega, although he would've preferred to be something considered more worthy, only made things easier, but wasn't a necessity at all, it seemed.
Sherlock was boiling across from him, he could feel it through their bond, if he was blind enough not to see it on the man's face. “Good God, John, you are behaving like an idiot! I WANT SEX!” he boomed, slamming his fist on the table. John barely flinched, however there was an unmistakeable squeak coming from the living room. Mrs Hudson's footsteps on the stairs were expectedly quick in their retreat.
Somehow I felt like naming this chapter differently, but as I was writing the last few paragraphs, this Queen song just started playing inside my head and I couldn't not pick that for a title.
Sherlock sighed and waved his hand dismissively. “Well, I suppose you haven't noticed since I haven't left the flat for the last 4 weeks except for a doctor's visit three days ago, but now that you are here: Is it really that inconspicuous?! I know you can't smell me because you're a Beta, but- god, look at me! I'm turning into a Mycroft!” Sherlock exclaimed, angry that the DI actually thought him willing of gaining weight without reason.
“Surely, if you have so much more you want to do, you must have urges. Do you masturbate in the shower?”
John looked down at the infant in his arms and went back upstairs to tuck him into his cot. In the silence of the flat he could hear that noise again and he remembered the tracker. He had restarted it. Curiosity gripped him and he descended the stairs to look at his laptop. The phone wasn't in Baker Street any more. It had moved, was still moving. An insistent cabbie, Sherlock disappearing and the phone moving away from the house? He had a bad feeling.
“How did you present, John?” Sherlock asked eventually as they were both calm again. They always talked and thought about 'dealing with the trouble later, there is nothing to be done at the moment' and then a second later got tangled up in their worries again. Now, he wanted to have something else to talk about, think about and he wanted to know more about John anyway – he always had, but John wasn't much more talkative than he was himself and he certainly didn't seem keen to share his past with anyone, as neither did Sherlock. However, he figured, as bonded mates, they had a right, no, a duty to learn about each other.
John seemed happy to oblige, taking another small step forward to press up against his mate so that Sherlock felt his erection against his arse, his head lulling back to rest on the Alpha's shoulder in response. When John wrapped a hand around Sherlock's cock and began caressing it in various ways before settling for the common pumping and his other hand cupped the underside of Sherlock's growing belly, the Omega began rubbing his rear at his mate's crotch, who started rutting against him lightly, softly murmuring pleas to stop.
He laid down on the bed, positioning himself on his side as to not hinder the movement to his rear. He was so actively focussed on his breathing, he barely heard the front door open over the noises in his room. There was a churning, then his own suppressed moan, then Sherlock's voice. “JOHN?” the Alpha called out to him, he could faintly hear Mrs Hudson adding a “smells like labour, dear.”
He clipped the ring of keys to his trousers and breathed for a moment, willing his nerves to calm further, he worked best like this, under constant threat, but it would do appear nervous. Guiding a hand through his hair, he set off out of the room into the main area of the venue. There were more people here; guests and employees alike. He nodded at whoever caught his eye. Some nodded back, most of them began whispering or had questioning looks on their faces. He kept an eye out for Sherlock, his nose completely blocked by the obnoxiously intense smells and his ears still ringing. At last, he caught a glimpse of the tall Alpha, currently talking to another guest. To the stranger, it likely looked like Sherlock was very engrossed with the conversation, but John, who knew Sherlock's expressions and body language quite well by now, could see he was uncomfortable and relieved when he could excuse himself and duck out of it to get to John. However, as soon as he got close enough to smell John, he wrinkled his nose. “You stink awfully.”
Sherlock noted the tremor in John's hand and deduced that he'd sat down only because his leg had begun hurting again.
John, in response, dedicated his whole attention to suppress a groan that moment. He knelt down in front of Sherlock, so close to the source of that unbelievably intoxicating smell- but he must resist. Sherlock was his friend. Sherlock trusted him.
“It seems I am not the only one to be a little sensitive today.” Sherlock teased, a smug grin on his face.
His chest felt constricting, like it didn't leave his heart with enough space as it morsed down to John's own strongly beating heart. “I don't particularly like it..”
He immediately caught sight of the Alpha doing sit-ups on the floor. Sherlock crawled to the end of the bed to watch him more closely. “Mornin'” John said, not stopping in his workout. The Omega climbed off the bed and atop John, pushing his knees to the floor and sitting on his hips. He placed his hands to feel the Alpha's six-pack work and tried catching his mouth on every up.
“Bloody hell, why did you never tell me you were an Omega?!” John asked breathlessly. Sherlock could only imagine the severe impact the smell of an Omega in heat would have on the Alpha right now.
“As I said,” the man began, his smirk growing wider as he left the room, “my boss isn't stupid.” With that, the door fell shut and was locked again.
“Probably not.” Mycroft admitted, raising an eyebrow and avoiding gaze. After taking a deep breath, he changed the subject, distracting attention from his insecurity. “How far have you two thought this through?”
John seemed to understand: he pushed in a third finger, giving a hard suck on Sherlock's cock, leading him to his first, hardly satisfying, orgasm that had his back arching, his head and heels pushing into the mattress, face screwed up and John sucking in all of the ejaculate he could take.
“It's been too long, besides, Regent's Park is far too big and open to pin-point exact locations and form theories. People walk there all day long, no one would notice anyone or see anything out of the ordinary, if the family itself hasn't seen anything.” Sherlock's explanation was disheartening, but only too relatable. John always wanted to think he'd notice stuff, but was proven wrong repeatedly by the genius Alpha.
“What?! No, Sherlock, no. It's not settled and I'm not going to be pregnant. Not while you're carrying and just generally not.”
“Oh, forget about that one – it's stupid, illogical and wrong. It's just a Christian excuse for bonding, really.”
“Show me.” Mycroft said with such self-confidence, John should have felt appalled. Yet, after a moment, he raised his dominant hand into view, unsure what point he was trying to prove any more. Maybe it was curiosity at this point.
“Of course! Do you have any ideas?” He watched the little boy think for a moment before letting him walk off. He followed him one step for every five of the toddler's. They went straight into the kitchen and Jacob saw Kat straight away, laying flat on the chairs under the table.
Mycroft, however, seemed pleased. “We know better. She got it wrong. You're not haunted by the war, Dr. Watson. You
His hand had been bothering him very subtly for some time now, but his leg just drove him mad. He knew it was just in his head, but the stiffness and the pain; sometimes he felt like it was just made to keep him awake. Tonight was a bad night again.
John wasn't like Molly Hooper. Molly knew him, yes, but not like John did and she never would. She was too shy, too expressive. Too petite for him to show her all of himself. Had she ever been confronted with his drug abuse, the long and many periods he had laid with the 'scum' as people called them, the 'fallen personalities', she would have hit him and been angry and shouted in his face, would have tried to make him feel guilty, when all there was in these times was the soundless cry for mercy on his never-silent mind.
John just looked at him sympathetically. “I understand.” John replied softly, giving his shin one last rub before forcing his hand to leave the Omega's body. “Anything else I can do?”
John couldn't really pinpoint Sherlock's tone of voice. If he didn't know better, he'd say it had sounded like Sherlock thought the idea stupid.
Sherlock frowned his confusion openly. “He is.” he agreed. He only realised what Greg was getting at when he analysed his grinning face more deeply. He rolled his eyes dramatically. “Things like that make you seem like my mother. Or worse, my brother.”
Yvonne grinned knowingly at him, reached out and stroked down his arm. “You give 'em my best, yeah?” She waited while John answered in silence, nodding once with a smile. “Will I ever meet them?”
“I delivered as requested. The hospital staff will not ask questions. But, if I may, brother dear, this might not be the method that will help your mate.”
“Good boy.” the blond growled back. “Now, give me your phone, I need to make arrangements.” he demanded further, holding his hand out expectantly.
John was mildly jealous when, in the evening, the pups insisted on wanting to sleep downstairs another night. When he asked why, there was no satisfying answer, as one might expect from a group of one-year-olds. Sherlock shrugged and said he didn't mind and that their beds were still in his bedroom anyway, so John finally agreed.
They were soft, much softer than Sherlock had thought capable of an Alpha faced with an Omega in heat, possibly inches of self-control away from falling into rut. They were soft and warm and loving- alright, maybe it was just his hormonally overdosed brain projecting those features into John's eyes because he longed to find them there.
“No, that's not it! It's just.. what if one of our pups turns out the same way? I did it a lot at that age. I never thought about how my mother must have felt.. If they turn out, you know.. like me...”
“No, John, I promise, I'm not. Now, next thing is exactly that: What's wrong with the bond, why are we not emotionally bonded?”
Was it that? Did he have to please him first, prove capable of dealing with his body? If so, he would.
It was beginning to dawn on John what Sherlock was trying to tell him. “The murderer. You think the murderer has the phone?”
John offered him the plate, but Sherlock merely opened his mouth. The Alpha didn't react, although Sherlock swore he'd seen a little smile on his lips as he drew back the food, placed his own on the mattress beside him and cut the first bit of steak. He fed it to Sherlock, who kept the fork inside his mouth just a little longer than strictly necessary, keeping eye-contact with the Alpha. John calmly retrieved the fork and cut into his own meat, taking a bite while Sherlock was chewing.
Sherlock threw him an arrogant smirk. “Don't you know? The most intelligent tend to be the most unhappy.”
The Omega turned around from where he was stacking some paper on the desk. “Oh, er, I... Are you naked?” he asked, looking mildly disturbed.
Sherlock was typing the results of his most recent experiment into his laptop. It was the last few steps that finally dragged him out of his concentration and when he looked up, there was a woman standing in their living room. Turning around, she found him in the kitchen and walked in with all the confidence in the world. She looked about his age, dirty blonde, short, slight figure and most definitely Alpha. He could smell it even through the strong perfume she was wearing.
“Yeah, sure. You know best.” John moved to stand, but she grabbed his wrist. “You're being honest with me, right? I like you, and if this relationship is one-sided, I want to know.”
“I preferred the version of you that tried desperately to get me off the idea something could be wrong, John.” he complained very seriously. He already felt his heart beat becoming more rapid and not in the good way, like when it concerned John.
The Alpha didn't bat an eyelash at the dare. “People around here know me; they know I'm a doctor. One look at you and, no offence, but they won't question my actions.” Just like that, they were moving. Sherlock couldn't help but pout. He pointedly didn't spare the Alpha a look.
“Tell her? How about asking?” John answered with a slanted grin. “It's okay, I'll call her. You have an eye on the situation.”
They were all aware of his condition. Nobody knew what exactly was going on, but they all sensed and smelled the deep unrest in him and had stopped trying to talk him into going home. He had been put on 'early paternity leave' and wasn't strictly allowed to come in to work now, but he just didn't seem to comprehend that. They had simply taken his patients from him and let him sit in his office to while away the hours in safety and warmth. It seemed the lesser evil.
And John did – the tension in his leg's muscles abated noticeably, even if not completely. That was to be expected, though, since positions like these, while they were common for Omegas, were unusual and somewhat unnatural on Alphas. But John trusted him, needed to trust him, just as Sherlock had trusted him when he had knelt in front of him, expected his Omega to act against instinct and not lower himself beneath him; not get the Alpha back into his domineering position.
, so badly, I rutted against my hand as I intended to readjust my erection in my trousers. Christ I was so horny and at the same time so embarrassed, I started to cry and stifled my moans with my other hand. My classmates fortunately took it with humour and none of them made real fun of me, but I'll never forget how I waited for hours for school to end so I could leave the bloody loo again!” John ended with a chuckle.
Sherlock merely cocked an eyebrow and muttered a “thank you” before returning to his notes, filling in stats. As expected, John understood he was supposed to pick the clothes himself and Sherlock was glad when he returned with a smart pair of black jeans and a shirt instead of a jumper. He'd just.. have short trousers and roll the shirt's sleeves up. Had to suffice for tonight.
