"On the contrary. I am very, very good at it. Presently we shall seclude ourselves in one of the hot rooms and I will practise teasing you a little more. Meanwhile, watch and learn."
“I fear to tell you; I really do, Mr Holmes. Perhaps I may first lay out my credentials. I myself am a beekeeper of twenty years’ standing and winner at the Fulworth Village Show of the Sir Eustace Shipley Cup for Produce (any other category) for the last sixteen of those twenty years. Blind tasting, of course.”
"There is one fact the police do not know concerning these crimes, Mr Holmes, and would not properly understand if they did. It is important that you do, if you wish to help us."
He had made a mess of the corset strings, trying to get them undone himself when half-undressed in the dark in a cab under an opera cloak. My neat bow had become a tangle,impossible to undo, and over his protests I fetched a scalpel to cut him free. The fee for the mystery he had no doubt solved – there was a gleam of unmistakable triumph in his eye -  would more than replace a set of stays, however fancy they were, and these were very fancy indeed. There was something about them – about him bound inside them - that made my hands tremble as I steadied him, peeled away the loosened dress and plucked with the blade at one, then two straining bands. Each snapped with a low, rough musical note like gunshot very far off and a gasp from my friend so like the sound he made the very first time I kissed the inside of his knee that I suddenly found it hard to breathe myself.
"Holmes, that lad…"
“Not at all. The dances have quite another purpose which I am not at liberty to disclose, having been sworn to secrecy. I daresay in a lifetime or so – a human lifetime, that is – observation will winkle it out. I know what they say about us because they speak to me. Or rather, we understand each other, for naturally they lack the vocal apparatus to reproduce human speech.”
reading is the
“No need, no need, I assure you. They are in the exact spot they ought to be. You lack only one more thing to bring the art of apiculture to perfection, or as near to it as this fleeting world can offer. Your reputation as a master of mysteries is evidently not confined to the realm of human error and wickedness.”
"Then it must be a case! The letter this morning. You, checking your changing rooms. I am certain that is what those huts and corners and cellars in all corners of the capital must be. Ready for whatever disguise you may need."
As we stepped back out onto the Strand, provisioned and paid-for, I was in the act of hailing another cab when a sharp tug on my sleeve held me back.
It was not a case, not a newspaper article, not even the celebrated trials of a celebrated Irish playwright and wit that did it: that undid me and him, in the end.
“Ah, no, John. That you came to me was more than enough. Come now, come to bed. Yours or mine? Time for an unnatural act.”
With that, he tipped his hat and bade me good afternoon.
He had risen that Sunday morning in a fit of nervous energy more like the hungry young detective of our youth than any mood I had seen in him for some months. Latterly, he refused more cases than he took - declaring once that if he was no longer in want of bread and cheese (certainly true, once the generosity of the Duke of Holdernesse had been carefully invested), what point using his talents for any but the most complex, the most arcane of problems?
"In boys’ clothes or out of them, one of my most effective agents. You know it was she who signalled us that the launch Aurora was making off with Jonathan Small and his accomplice aboard? Eight years old, motherless and fatherless, no more than a scrap of schooling. But for perseverance and keenness? None better.  Somehow she fell in with Wiggins and his lads and thence with me. That is to say, with us. Every one of those winks was as good as a thank you note, to you as much as me. I told them all not to say a word to you of my plans, but they remember how you doctored them and for those that had any, their families too, without so much as a farthing exchanged."
My luck was in.
“I am positively addicted, as we both know, to repetition, redundancy and the grinding obviousness of hindsight?”
“The case is not so lost as all that. How if I merely kiss you until you faint?”
The face he made as he turned to look back over one shoulder might have pickled a whole jar of walnuts. Both of us were panting; I from the exertion, not to mention contortion, of acting as lady’s maid to someone a head taller than me - he, so fast and shallow that I half-expected him to pitch forward onto the nightstand and end up face down and senseless amongst the debris of powder and hairpieces.
“We’re out.”
He perched on the window seat looking out over the garden and folded his arms, admiring the camellias and himself in equal proportions.
"I haven't finished my chop."
“I should like to get back to sleep some time tonight. Out with it!”
"A *policeman*?"
February, our first in Sussex, began with rain. It had been a wretchedly wet winter all told. Holmes’ idea that we should set up as smallholders in our retirement floated miserably on the swollen stream at the bottom of the field and hung in gloomy clouds along the line of still-empty beehives at the top. At Christmas we had propped our cards on the mantelpiece and enjoyed the only sight of English village greens picturesque with snow that we had had since moving from London. Otherwise it was nothing but rain, rain, rain, with the occasional downright downpour for the sake of variety.
"Tsk, tsk. My dear Watson, Whatever gave you that idea?"
, Holmes?"
The grey-headed figure unbent enough to show, through the haze of fine netting which hung over my face, a black coat fading to green, a lined face – kindly but shrewd – and a clerical collar.
“I beg you do not misunderstand me, my dear fellow. My dear Watson. John. I have never loved – but one. Never made room for another’s love – but one. It is spring, the very time for new beginnings. High summer will come, autumn and winter too – we shall spend them all together, if you will permit it. Just now, though: just now, I would wait. Live with this understanding a little while longer, before we have declarations and
He wanted me to make the first move. I poured him his drink and set it down beside his chair with a theatrical sigh.
Lions growled and Tasmanian tigers yipped; emus grumbled and hyenas laughed. Somewhere in the depths of the Reptile House, an Indian swamp adder doubtless slithered, but we did not get so far. At the great aviary Holmes stopped, then let out a piercing whistle that drove clouds of birds into the air in a firework display of colour and movement. Presently a figure scuttled out from one of the man-sized doors at the back of the cages, its face first scowling at the disturbance but breaking into a grin as it came closer. The keeper was young, stocky and dressed in rough serge and a peaked cap. He carried a broom bearing worn bristles and a number of inevitable stains.
Tea, Mrs Hudson’s finest seedcake and good, hot buttered toast were laid on for us by the maid. I indulged, one ear cocked, as Holmes ventured downstairs. Judging by the sound of the resulting explosion, I had the best of it on two counts.
The truth was, I wanted to complicate them, had wanted to for years, before the Park Lane airgun, before Reichenbach, even before Norwood and Mary Morstan. Ordinary men have their secrets, too. Three continents hold a great many women and I have held my share of them. I have loved and lusted, greeted and parted, known and enjoyed - and been enjoyed. It is – just – permissible to hint (to boast a little, if I am honest) at those adventures in public, even in print.
What’s in a name? Prelude. Invitation. Submission.
I reflected that it was just as well that age had its way with the eyes as with the rest of our mortal shells, for I turned scarlet and Holmes green.
"Had we a client, I fear that would be his misfortune, Mr Brace - even more so hers."
I waited. The London train came and went. After half an hour, Holmes had still not emerged. As I had no idea what he was looking for or why, I could only hope that he had not somehow got on the train by a back way and left me behind, and that the end of my vigil should not be a telegram from Town bearing brisk apologies and brisker instructions.
There it was.
I reached for his hand, still out of sight, but he would not give it me.
He used all the air in great gulps, telling me with each breath there, more, yes, ah yes, oh Christ, Holmes, I can’t, I must… I will… I’m…so…oh…
I am dull, compared to the shining light of my life, but not quite so dull as to miss a blatant clue dangled in front of my nose. I rehearsed the day once more, trying to make the last jigsaw piece slot into place.
"Indeed?
Especially his feet.
"Set a thief to catch a thief. One solicitor to find another. There is a brotherhood amongst them as there is in any profession. You let me publish it only a few months back – the Norwood builder…" Watson was glowing with verve, with the knowledge that he was really on to something. I could have kissed him there and then in the street.
I entirely failed to prevent myself from giving Holmes the perfect excuse.
may be significant."
“I should not have had to do that, you know.”
"I mean to leave. Leave London, leave off detection, live somewhere quiet – the letter this morning was from a house agent I have retained under pseudonym; I could not risk it getting out until all…" he squeezed my resting hand, "
“At least. Unless it is in use for other purposes. Combustion is a chemical process; there might be experiments. Or poisonings. Theft of coals. Mysteries.”
of the jury, pay close attention to the evidence you are about to hear.”
“Much given to…Holmes, do we have to do this, cannot we get straight down to – it’s been damnably long since…”
cronies – trying to do as he was done by. " She weighed the notion and found it wanting in a span of ten seconds. "Didn't know as he had any, though. Not one true friend crossed that threshold all the time I was there – only those he kept fed and those he wanted to feed on."
“What do you think, my dear? Riding crop or birch? He is tiresomely right for the fourth time in as many days. Positively insufferably correct, and premature into the bargain: caught the villains whilst we were still sleeping.”
"All well, Mister Holmes. All cleared up for you," said he, getting a tip of the hat in reply.
She had yet to explain what on earth a lady of her breeding and accomplishments was doing 'in Trade' at all. I had the unsettling experience of being read along those lines, for she continued:
"Then can I put it another way: am I the sort of man whom you should trust?"
He had disguised himself so often as an old woman – bent back, grey wig, hobbled gait, scratchy whine, shapeless black weeds -  that he had laughed my misgivings away, talking of going in disguise to the Opera with a view to spying on Lady Birch and her circle. Every alternative was rejected: he would go as a woman of fashion and let that be an end to it, dear boy.
"Don't tease me, Holmes. You are very bad at it."
I always did, and not only to see him home safe. One way or another, I have been waiting for Sherlock Holmes all my life. Waiting to meet him, waiting to question, praise and scold him as he expected or deserved, waiting at a church door for him to see me off as I married away, waiting to welcome him back from the dead after he’d fled in the opposite direction, waiting for a friendship not granted to many in this world and offered like the
“Tsk. Well, as you have your professional interests, so I have mine. Miss Emma has brown eyes. Both Mr Heacham and his wife, whose photographs and portraits have pride of place in the library at Low Hall, were blue-eyed. Are we back in medical territory yet, Watson?”
It was well past time for lunch, so I wrapped my hunger around a beef sandwich and watched him clip pieces off the cabbage roses and swags that had surely been nearer Mrs Filbert’s expansive taste than her daughter’s. Some he dissolved in various tinctures of his own devising, which he kept stored in regiments of bottles on a shelf below the deal table. I was absorbed in my newspaper when a rising stream of muttering flooded over into a tide of frustration accompanied by books and files flying in every direction and a sound thump from an impatient fist on the toes of my left boot.
"I’d rather pay back every sovereign he ever gave me. Sorry, Doctor."
"She...she did not know. My…affliction, I could not tell her and I never thought I should have to, for I could touch her hair and all would be well. It looked so perfect, so natural, so in keeping with her colouring. Emerald eyes and amber hair: my beautiful jewel. Only on the night of our wedding did she dare to expose her secret, and once I knew it, all was lost. For her sake, I tried. Many times I tried and failed. I went to doctors – a wretched humiliation to be poked and prodded and condescended to by normal men and told that I should just pull myself together. Day by day, the light in her eyes stopped being for me but was busy searching the heads of other women, looking for artifice, envying them that all they needed was to supplement nature when she had to overcome it entirely. Soft words turned to bitter railing at fate for bringing together two people so ill-matched."
"Do you trust me, Watson?"
Clad in stout, tartan plush whilst Holmes reclined, fidgeting, in fraying sleeves of  mouse-coloured felt, I knelt by his feet and unlaced his boots until they were so loose they all but fell into my hands. His woollen stockings were a challenge, more so as he made no move to help me but only lay back with one arm hitched over the sofa back and the other hand stuffed firmly in his pocket, an expression on his face of distracted affection, mixed with his usual habit of continual scrutiny – a pretence of detachment over a core of exact dissection.
My friend shifted in his seat and licked his lips.
, for example,” he went on, “is expressly designed to flatter me. I am its subject, and its intended audience.”
Quickly, I began to dress to receive visitors, only to see Holmes streak past in his dressing gown and slippers and crouch at the lower corner of the window frame to lift the edge of the blind.
I all but fell on one knee from the shock, before I remembered a long-ago school-master’s determination that his pupils be prepared for
Another case which will never appear in The Strand. Without Sherlock Holmes, we might, instead of rejoicing at a Jubilee, have been mourning a Prince murdered by anarchists as he presided at the opening of that tunnel.  I would not give England’s enemies encouragement by admitting in print what a very close call it was.
He found the spare magnifier beneath a large lady’s hat perched on a stuffed ram’s head and bore it down in triumph to the sitting room. I all but bowled him over when, with a cry of sheer amazement, he stopped dead in the doorway.
"I should not like to be premature, nor to presume upon your territory, doctor. Yet is it not the case that man's most animal instincts may turn aside into the narrowest byways? I believe there is such a thing as a preference for certain body parts so strong as to render a man incapable if he cannot make them his fixation. Body parts such as the foot, or the nape of the neck. Or the hair."
"John Watson at your service, constable. Always a pleasure to meet a loyal reader."
should call that mere
I showed him how, coming behind him and rubbing my chest against his back, holding him to me by the waist, resting my cheek against one fine-boned shoulder blade, bending to blow soft breaths up his spine from the cleft in his muscular arse to the nape of his long neck.
Straight back to ordering again. No surprise there. I covered my head with the bedclothes and took charge of what I found under them, which was a rather fine cockstand, considering the short time he’d had to grow it. I applied myself to the task of orally reducing him to abject pleading before much more time should pass.
"How long do you think it will take for her to forgive me?"
Mary’s and my journey turned out to be a stopping train and our destination, entirely earthbound. She is gone now and I will not break confidence too far with her dear shade, but without a mother she was sorely unprepared. To be lover and teacher both is to make a poor show of one or other of them and we never quite got over the strain of those stumbling early lessons in adding one upon one. Add to that my still-divided heart and you arrive at the reason, I think, why multiplication in the end escaped us. Mary wished to please me, never had to be persuaded – only to be asked, but when asking feels like imposition, one soon stops asking very often.
"You are not going to suggest we spy through keyholes?"
I shook myself. Familiarity: that was the key. Red hair, Red-Headed League, Red Circle… No, beyond mere word association. The reader will surely sympathise with the plight of a man with a memory that just refuses to surface, a word poised on the tip of one’s tongue. The harder one pursues, the more it makes for cover. Not unlike my friend, I thought, as all at once I noticed he too had eluded me and was busy wherever he was, whatever he was busy about. A minute or so later he reappeared, paid Clark his account in coin and saluted him as we left the premises.
I wondered, too, why Holmes apparently could not leave the topic alone. Every time a case, a half-column in the court reports, or another article in the dailies fulminating against oddly unspecified ‘social evils’, which always seemed to involve well-dressed young men, the streets around Charing Cross and carnation buttonholes, brought it up, he would expound on the necessity of naming names and stating plain facts, if society were truly serious about stamping “it” out. I kept a tactful silence.
I raised an eyebrow. Holmes glowered.
“Name it.”
“If only together…” as if the very thought only bound us tighter in our crime.
"You were sodomising me at the time!"
He looked up, his face moving in and out of the shadows, lit by a flickering flame refracted through a lurid blue solution in a beaker of twisted glass.
As I fought to keep the scrap of paper on my knee from being whipped out of my hands by the March winds, and scribbled down the impressions which appear, with a little polish, at the start of this tale, the road began to follow the line of a Carr-stone estate wall at least seven feet high. After a few hundred yards of this, we turned suddenly sharp right, through a pair of ancient gates down an avenue of limes.
confidence?"
I have written of Holmes’ reticence about his origins elsewhere: how I was amazed to discover he had a brother of whom I had never heard, despite years of us sharing rooms. This conversation took place a mere three years after our meeting at Barts and really, he knew scarcely more about me than I did him. No more than he was able to deduce for himself and he kept his little dramas of observation in store largely to impress clients on first meeting. He was still, for reasons that will become clear, not my confidant nor did he expect me to be his.
It was far too early in the morning for this sort of thing, but I fell in with it. Life with Sherlock Holmes leaves one with little choice.
We reached the main gate of the ‘Zoo’ and with scarcely a pause, Holmes slipped from beneath his coat and flourished before the gatekeeper’s nose a pair of Fellow’s admission tickets, signed by no less a personage than Alfred Russel Wallace, OM, FRS, etc, etc.
An orchestra played a popular tune, to which Holmes’ left-hand fingers twitched over ghostly frets. He waited for a break in the programme, hastened up to the conductor and greeted him as an old acquaintance.
Just then, we were interrupted by a sharp ring on the shop bell. A figure peering in at the join 'twixt door and display window was no customer, instead a painfully young and fresh example of uniformed constable just scraping at the minimum height and thin enough to hide behind his own whistle. Miss de Merville let him in and was about to make introductions when he cut in, full of earnest, helmet under one arm as he addressed us as if we were cadets.
Sherlock Holmes wanted nothing of the flesh – except instant obedience - and cared nothing for love. So I thought then. For every slice of wedding cake sent by reunited lovers as thanks for his help there was a speech for me about the traps the procreative urge has set for mankind, how much violence is done to good sense by giving in to its prompts, how it can never bring lasting happiness.
We sat all that evening in rather grim triumph – the penalties prescribed by the law are not our business, but two more lives would still be lost – distracting ourselves with a novel (myself) and a monograph on the identification of insects found on corpses (I offer no odds). Depressed spirits do not lend themselves to lusty bodies: when we retired, it was each to his own bed in the dusty silence of a London lodging.
“I’d rather shout.”
I pressed the blade flat, feather-light against the nape of his neck. Powder and sweat mixed slick there, the scent of violets over the reek of sex on his skin. Crushed mother-of-pearl gleamed in the stuttering gaslight, scattered in the powder until it faded to nature scarcely less white and no less fine. There was a blue shadow under his jaw and no-one would think him woman now. Within the skirts – God, fumbling in the folds of velvet I found his thigh and squeezed, found his arse and knew he’d gone out like that, cock-and-balls-bare under a dress.
"Is an hypothesis, Watson," replied Holmes, like the cat that has the cream but may consent to share it if sufficiently impressed by the puppy’s tricks. "Test it."
“Alas, it was not some mere, underemployed hack. Doctor Timothy Foote, recently elevated to Headmaster of Fitton College, ultimate resort of the titled and moneyed who wish to be relieved of the daily company of their children. I believe you know him.”
I glanced at the calendar, thinking of Spring and of dry days to come. Less than a week to go before the festival of lovers: of Saint Valentine, martyr. Birds would choose their mates (weather permitting, no doubt), postmen everywhere would groan under the weight of paper lace and poorly-written verse, of longing and entreaty and the very softest of emotions.
“That rather depends on the persuasion. And on the persuader.” I stroked the back of his hand where it covered mine and watched him stretch, luxuriantly, in his chair, exposing bare skin under the shifting edges of the mouse-coloured dressing gown. I bent and kissed along his collarbone ‘til he was breathing hard.
Lucy Filbert had few relatives living, and a police force brought to heel by one of Holmes’ choicer lectures, in which the words ‘imbecile’, ‘idle’ and ‘myopia’ had starring roles, duly gathered up her first cousin and his mistress. The latter confessed at once. The cousin had slipped her into the house six months before with a fulsome reference and instructions to make herself useful to the dying Mrs Filbert and, ultimately, to himself. She had at least the vestiges of a conscience, not that it was likely to save her.
“I will move the hives, then.” I was still not certain whether to see him off or to hear him out, for he had the air of one who makes an opening gambit in a chess game with a view to a long contest.
“Never. Never in a dozen lifetimes.”
Holmes put down his cup and saucer without reply and commenced to shape his nails, the file’s ivory handle sweeping briskly back and forth as if it were his violin bow sketching a difficult cadenza. He gave it that steady concentration which suggested his real attention was quite elsewhere.
“Then tomorrow morning, starting before dawn. You are a patent medicine all to yourself, doctor. Watson’s Early Evening Restorative.”
“Damn it, Holmes! Aren’t you angry?”
I write remembering both great and small who are lost to us. The highest and the lowest came to our door in all weathers and all conditions of heart, and most of them left lighter in spirit than when they arrived at number two hundred and twenty-one, B.
What a sight.  Head thrown back, hair a halo around his head on the pillow, eyes screwed shut, mouth slack-jawed and dry-lipped ‘til he licked away the last trace of me, broad chest heaving. I was quite up for some shouting myself, but I doubted he was quite up to making me, just then. Instead I settled myself beside him and shifted into a contented tangle of limbs.
We settled in each others’ arms. Half the night at least we could linger there, before the world and its laws had their way and we must part, that the tyranny of ‘decency’ might have its sway.
“Ah, Watson. Well-met. We have been invited for supper. It is a rational household and dressing for the occasion is, thankfully, optional. Come along!” And he spun on his heel.
“…that I do not mind.”
“Oh, you will, will you, tyrant?” I answered, running my hand in measured time down his belly. A groan followed it from his chest down to his loins. “Someone should teach you that he who would give orders had better learn to take them first.”
“Tea? I’d rather a brandy. As for sympathy, well I was rather hoping…”
“Pot?”
And here I am, playing word games again. Behind a drawn blind and a locked door – though foolish, I was not stupid – we kissed to exhaustion, panting between bouts. We never reached my room. We did it there and then, utterly unable to stop the rush of blood and heat: wrestling clothes away, stumbling to the couch where we fell on each other like beasts, hands on bare skin, bared cocks, the strange and wonderful sensation of another man’s prick swelling against my palm, of seeking him splayed out on the familiar, battered velvet cushions, of hearing the familiar, cool voice of reason hoarse with desire and proposing all manner of unreasonableness.
I had no more instructions, and did not know what else to do besides walk back up to the Hall. As if he had been expecting me to do exactly that, Holmes-as-Heacham-sahib, coming the other way, greeted me in the lane with a furled umbrella.
Beside the station was a goods yard. Stacks of timber, bags of feed and barrels of tar crowded one another with only a few spaces between. Into one of these Holmes scrambled, carrying his bags awkwardly in front of him, nearly toppling a pile of empty pallets. The foreman, I noticed, was enjoying a swift smoke and a newspaper behind the outhouse.
We carried on that morning as two gentlemen of leisure, giving no thought to earning our daily bread but a considerable amount to hunting down a musical offering that Holmes had not already been to twice or dismissed once. When at last we sat in the Queen’s Hall in front of an orchestra about to introduce a minor Hungarian nobleman’s symphonic soul to the London public, my friend casually reached into his coat pocket. He started, then began to rifle through his clothing, muttering loud enough to turn outraged eyes on both of us.
"…And Mr John Hector McFarlane, saved from the rope by a cry of 'fire'. Watson, you have it indeed,
“Its members wish to enjoy the facilities without disturbance, without chit-chat. I swear I would not so much as acknowledge my fellow-members, let alone indulge in trivial conversation with them. I have signed my name to it and my word is my bond.”
"Very well. Lay on, then." All the fight went out of him in a puff, as man in the ring folds at a lucky blow to the solar plexus.
“I am a scientist. I do not recognise anything in nature which does no harm as ‘improper’ so no, I did not. Propriety has a good deal to answer for. Cruelty, infidelity, greed, disgrace – all children of ‘propriety’.” He looked directly at me, a challenge in his eye, but compassion too. “Above all, Watson, my very dear friend: hypocrisy.”
“Holmes!”
"Including Maisie?"
“The truth….” He braced himself and met that truth like a man, “… is that I am like you, and unlike. Your nature is to love widely, across continents, across the sexes, to be generous in your passions. Mine is to keep back everything until I must, to keep close to home, to desire only men, and precious few even of those. I am quite out of the habit of feeling, but not out of the power of it. Out of the practice of passion, but not its anticipation. You have thought about me in that way: one could hardly miss it. I want to tell you…to say…”
“One more thing…which is?”
would – count it the tightest of confidences forever?"
“If it is his pleasure.”
People have asked me if I am ever weary of it: of waiting to be told, of being two steps behind, of being the junior partner in the enterprise, although I am the elder by some years and a man of the world as Holmes, in so many ways, is not. What they really mean, of course is that
“But never the other way about. Exactly.”
your virtue. I make it a point of honour to speak in riddles and have queer ideas, you know.”
“Your Majesty.”
“How do you find the defendant?” Holmes whispered, tucking my cheek under his chin.
"I will take just the same care, gentlemen, of your client's interests as I would my own."
And so to the end of the avenue of limes and the front door of Low Hall, where a servant girl of no more than twelve let us in, cradling a feather duster in the crook of her arm as if it were a doll. She took our hats and coats, carried them piled on top of her until she nearly disappeared beneath a heap of plush and wool, and hung them on the coat-stand before skipping off to find her mistress. She made me feel old as Methuselah.
Baron. He died, you know."
"Holmes. You really think it is as simple as that? A disgruntled husband?"
Meaning obediently dawned. It had a habit of showing itself for Sherlock Holmes. A moment later, when I had stopped goggling at him as if he had just told me that Mrs Hudson was in the pay of the Metropolitan Police, it fell to me to ask him how on earth had he deduced that?
The doctor in question had kept a manfully straight face through the whole ludicrous exchange, but I had seen his fingers twitch, longing to pick up his notebook and get it all down. When he shook the little man's hand, he was all sincerity.
"And I have vis… known many alienists," he finished.
To say nothing of my own.
"That is less encouraging than you presumably intended it to be."
"Simple? No. Likely – yes, very likely indeed. So likely I have already staked my reputation on it."
“Ah. Two brown-eyed parents may sometimes have blue eyed children...”
help, Holmes?” I was trying to be chivalrous to the lady but only succeeded in drawing a sardonic expression out of my friend.
“Cyril Peto, Rector of this parish. Pleased to make your acquaintance, Mr Sherlock Holmes.” He held up a finger instead of extending a handshake. “Although, if I might correct you on one small point, from the stand of ash on our left down to the cliff edge is glebe land and therefore, strictly speaking,
“All the more when tripled, Sherlock.”
Family of Beetles’? You’ll do no such thing, Sherlock Holmes.”
Holmes, standing by the mantelpiece as I poured tea for our guest, stiffened and turned to her in surprise. “Hyenas? Rather violent language to frame a commercial proposition. There is more to it, is there not?”
“And then, I would…
He sank back with a sigh, met my eyes square and nodded once, a salute. No hurry there for me to trace from collarbone to navel kiss by kiss, to test my teeth against his breast, smell fresh sweat on his skin. Stout wool and brass buttons barred my way to one prize, but everywhere was Watson, everywhere was gold for the taking. I could make him gasp by lighting on one part, then another unconnected spot with no warning. Holding him down hard, I made him pant with the thought that I might leave marks: marks he could wear under his clothes into the daylight, secrets the world has no right to and would not keep safe. And always I kept on kissing him, deep and slow, soft and ripe, from a tender and raging love.
He had not wanted to suspect her, he told us. He had read of the attacks and persuaded himself that someone hated the victims for quite another reason, that they were connected by something other than Number 94. But she was not naturally cruel, in fact the very opposite and, tormented by regret, she had at last confessed all to him. She had promised it would stop if only he could find a real cure, so that they might have a real marriage.
I began to protest, but he would have none of it.
“We must all improvise from time to time, Watson.”
The good doctor could offer little hope, although he doubted aloud that 'cure' was quite the word. There were quacks a plenty, claiming to turn black into white for the right price. But he had never known real medicine to effect such a change.
We, for our part, would ever preserve in the less salubrious groves of memory the night we had hidden in one of the rooms of that same tower, keeping each other awake by telling some of the very filthiest jokes and stories we knew.
“And the handkerchief?”
“Ha!” he cried at last, when we had nearly recovered ourselves. “I have just now remembered the ending to the tale of a waiter named Banks and a certain tongue-tripped luminary of New College, Oxford.”
He nodded, leaning forward and urging me onward with elegant sweeps of his hand and a pin-sharp intensity in his eyes.
Nevertheless, the hairs on the back of my neck told me he was up to something in the days following. It was no use asking. He had not lost his love of sleight of hand and the conjuror’s flourish to an audience’s applause.
“From the beginning, then. From clay.”
"But where are we
“An apt turn of phrase, in the circumstances. What you have said is only part of the reason we avoid conversation – ‘trivial’ or otherwise. The other is that the general run of humanity, that is to say non-members, so very often avoid saying what they mean. The faculty of communication is too important to waste.  No-one can be perfectly candid in his speech unless he be a boor or a saint; no-one can force candour upon another. The Diogenes stops word games at the gate by stopping words altogether. Better say nothing than prevaricate. The man who creates fiction out of real life – not quite the thing. ”
“All in good time. We must leave. Be so good as to find a carter to take us back to the station, and pay the innkeeper’s bill.”
Holmes had arrived before us, having lost both dressing gown and erection, wearing a velvet smoking jacket I had given him the Christmas before. He stood by the mantelpiece, plainly panting for tobacco but unable to indulge. I felt a similar, though not identical, deprivation.
“Yes, Holmes?”
Butterworth turned between us wide-eyed, appealing to the ladies, twisting his head to look behind him - suspecting a prank, some rude initiation  from colleagues even now hiding in the shadows. Four pairs of patient eyes waited for the proverbial penny to drop. In the back room, the clatter of tools and treadles had silenced and a gaggle of girls in leather aprons watched us through the hatch.
"Watson: pass me the ledger, if you please."
“I’m afraid you’ll have to find a carrier,” I said, wondering what exotic quest had brought him to the middle of the English countryside. “It’s nearly three miles, if you mean Low Hall.”
"Hyacinth and Apollo. It is possible to deduce the exact angle at which the fatal discus must have been thrown so as to strike the unfortunate youth on the temple."
"Holmes?"
I hid behind a sporting paper and tried hard not to think of Foote settling into distinguished middle age, probably with an equally accomplished wife and a troop of well-scrubbed children to occupy the Headmaster’s lodge at Fitton. I persuaded myself, just as I had at sixteen, that I disliked Foote, that I would not cross the street to shake his hand. Yet the truth was that there had been many days when I would have gladly taken a cricket ball on the shin to see a look of sympathy for me on that perfect face. The folly of youth indeed. Damn the idea that schooldays are ‘the best days of your life’.
Holmes raised one eyebrow, though his smirk told me I was allowed to have my grouse for the past week and a half’s famine.
“Watson. For God’s sake. Get… it…off!”
got his claws into me, so I knew the business well enough."
Her Majesty beckoned over the footman, who took from under his coat an object wrapped in plaid silk and presented it to Holmes. He is so seldom rendered speechless, save in certain intimate circumstances which it would have been extremely unwise to recall at that moment, that I went to look over his shoulder. It was a watercolour, about six inches by ten. The subject was a busy roadway under a grand arch – more than an arch, a massive gateway in red sandstone emblazoned with that year’s date and the words “Blackwall Tunnel”.
Sherlock Holmes threw down his newspaper and, still stewing in disgust, stalked over to the mantelpiece to refill his cherrywood pipe.
Low Hall deserved its name. Its eaves hung heavy over the upper storey of a long, squat building that might have been made for midgets or dolls, so cramped were its doorways, so miniature its windows. The grounds, though, were glorious. Sweeping pastures, crowned with wreaths of oak and beech groves, rose up around a domestic garden devoted to flowering shrubs, above all to the camellia in every variety.
“Certainly not. Assume the position, boy.”
221b Baker Street rarely reached a state of grace but by this time in his career Holmes had means enough to have no need to eke out the coals: not that he gave a jot for appearances. Otherwise, he might not have been stretched out as he was on our sofa before the fire, in place of our accustomed chairs, still half-dressed, when anyone might have come in.
His answering smile was utterly filthy. It widened to a lecherous grin as he felt my prick stir against his bare belly.
“I find that, like Miss Anne Heacham, I do not care for novels,” he said, at long last. “Nor, for that matter, shorter fiction. Too little unvarnished truth; too much playing to the crowd.”
“This…instrument of torture is using my lungs in lieu. Padding.”
“Lumber room,” he announced at last and raced up the stairs to the second floor. I keep the key, by arrangement with Mrs Hudson to help stem the torrent of objects that would otherwise pass through its door, so I was obliged to follow him at a statelier pace, my legs being shorter and not so perfect in their willowy flex and wiry strength. He has a particular trick with his thighs…
He snatched the rags from my hands and stuffed them away seemingly somewhere under his chin, muttering.
He looked at me sharply. "You think mine unfinished."
I could have railed, could have asked him why he did not tell me before now, why he insisted on keeping his cards close to his chest even with me, one who would see and guard his every hand and partner him at what table he willed. What use? It was his nature: a nature I loved and still love in all its angles, acute and obtuse.
“Yes, elementary indeed, my dear Holmes. Can they also find pleasure and peace in the daytime?”
He sighed. “It was not, in fact, the trousers. I can see that thought striding all over your face, don’t deny it. Those who look at outward appearance are condemned to be proven wrong nine times out of ten. I had come already prepared to test my theory that Miss Anne had something to hide, that her talk of spies and insults hardly matched her evident self-possession. Adopting that disguise enabled me to clear away the old top growth masking the living heart of the plant – if a man who ‘knows nothing of practical gardening’ may be permitted that metaphor.”
We swung south along Whitehall then across to the river bank and rattled to a stop outside New Scotland Yard. The handsome, modern brick building reared over us, striped as a seaside awning in red and white, turreted at each corner like a castle of the Law. It was the pride of the Metropolitan Police Commissioners and its endless, indistinguishable internal corridors and stairways the bane of most of its officers and all its visitors.
It was the year before the Agra Treasure was cast into the Thames. I was five years past thirty and the world had sunk its claws into me.
"Why not all of them?"
Yes, yes, yes. How much more evidence do you need, oh judge and jury and prisoner.
I looked at him then, because his voice stumbled over the last of it and I had to be sure. Sure that it was not that he merely preferred what was familiar to a change. Sure that he needed me.  Sure that he would not have stopped me even so. My heart was pierced in that moment.
“Would
“Indeed.  Bees cannot survive if they lie, Mr Holmes. What is to us a virtue, is to them an instinct towards the propagation of their species. The community is all, and they find the preoccupation of the human species with individuality the most baffling, yet fascinating, of all the differences between us. They form theories about all of us who keep close contact with the hive.”
“Lie and let me.”
“And you in turn have no desire to be put there.” It was not a question. “Then refuse. A lady is permitted to refuse marriage.” He appraised her again. “Forgive me if I state the obvious, and ask the obvious too. Miss Heacham, why have you come to
, was proof only of how dangerous sentiment was. For it was surely no more than sentiment – weak, useless, corrupting – that kept me returning to the subject of John H. Watson, MD. That tempted me to wire and ask him to visit, instead of waiting for him to write to me. That asked whether, in his new life, he still gave an un-reminded thought to a retired detective beyond the adventures we once shared.
On the morning of the fourteenth, we rose after the postman’s first knock. On the mat was a solitary, bulky package addressed to me but bearing no stamp. The handwriting was disguised but Holmes’ ‘t’ is quite singular. At the breakfast table, he was sorting through the correspondence that had actually come through the post. I held my prize under his nose and coughed.
“Another time, perhaps. Superintendent Phillips, by contrast, enjoys taking the submissive role when he and his partner are face to face on a staircase. Incidentally, Mrs Hudson is away next Tuesday in Brighton.”
It was just as well, as I had a vital question of my own.
“I say. Now there’s a plain English word for you: buggery.”
“I have not taken your razor. Did you leave it in the laundry basket again? One would think you had something against servants with all ten fingers.”
your pardon?”  Surely I hadn’t quite heard properly.
I chuckled. “You tell me this as if it were news, Holmes. I have lived with you, on and off, for years.”
In scarcely ten minutes more I was thankful to be in a cab at last, headed, by Holmes’ command, for Victoria Station, yet despite my entreaties he refused to lay out the game ahead, only bidding me "observe and deduce" as he had so often done before.
"A case I have *forgotten*? Really, Watson. Calm yourself. There is no reason to leave: besides, we have already bought tickets for the whole afternoon.  We are two gentlemen visiting the Turkish baths for the sake of our health. Nothing could be more innocent.
There was. Holmes contrived to be shaved first.
"Why, we are, dear boy. We are going on - to Bermondsey." He pulled out his pocket watch; a sovereign glinted in the sunshine, and started off again. "Still just time to catch the 12.22 to London Bridge."
I saw where this was headed. The scene in his head was as clear to me as if he had painted it on the sitting room windows and drawn aside the curtains with his usual flourish.
"Intelligence?" I could never resist teasing them. Watson struggled to suppress a chuckle.
I slid the last frame home with that extreme care which can stand for an explosive gesture, and replaced the lid by way of a smothered exclamation mark. Then I turned away and started off down the path back to my cottage, having neither time nor inclination to engage in his absurd fancies.
: spiky on the outside but freshly sweet within.
“Indeed. The clay was there before any of us, before humankind, before the beasts of the field and the birds of the air. From Dorsetshire it comes near the surface across a swathe of Oxfordshire and Bedfordshire, east to the Fenlands, north as far as Yorkshire. Fine white and yellow clay, and from it the finest and most decorative house-bricks are made in their millions. Have you ever seen a brick clamp ready for firing, gentlemen? A Ziggurat of ingenuity and earth, clay and coal in precisely calculated amounts, even down to a percentage of cinder in the green brick. Once touched with fire, it glows from within as the firefly makes its own light. You are surprised, Mr Holmes. You took me for a Luddite, a Blake, wishing that England were an eternal a pastoral fantasy in which to wander. ”
It was an iron-hard, bone-dry February. The London sky that might otherwise have been clear, crystalline blue shading to purple and indigo as night fell was draped instead in a veil of smoke. Half a million coal fires were coughing out their lives above the rooftops and four million souls huddled around hearths that might be expansively gracious, bravely keeping up appearances or simply squalid, so long only as they were warm.
“Holmes, I am not a thief.”
He has told the world of his pleasure to watch me at work. I tell of mine to see him, fair head (liberally salted with silver now) bent to the task, strong doctor's hands hefting the ledger, one forefinger tracing the columns with precise and delicate strokes, imagining them put to… other uses.
be interested in men as well as, undoubtedly, women. In what light he regarded myself specifically – on that subject, I veered between hope and dismissal several times a week.
convict a man on purely circumstantial evidence? Or on hearsay?”
I jumped back to awareness and a careless apology, making light, always making light. A damned fool. I snatched up my napkin, tossed it on the table and started to get up.
I left off the thought of how a man might feel even years after a deception such as Reichenbach. Watson, I could see, had not: yet he did not bring it to the table.
"Disguise!"
“Try to pluck the fruit before it is ready to come off the tree, and all you get is an ache in the guts. I’d rather a fist in the face, thank you. Although you might want to shift your weight onto your left foot next time. So, are you ready to end the word games?”
He jumped up and ran to the window, looking back at me with exasperated fondness, but the client had already come in and was clipping the stairs with a rapid and distinctly feminine tread. The Police, then, stood confident in their powers. A victim?
He rolled onto his back and saluted me with an insolent forefinger.
“You must forgive our intrusion into the sanctum of your home, and the fact that it must be brief. We have escaped from a tedious reception at the Palace through a side-door and will doubtless be missed before the hour is up. But on this day, since Mr Holmes has
That was another idea which appeared to astonish our hostess.
"To business, Mr Holmes," said Kitty, lifting a heavy ledger onto the counter. "We know every customer, every piece; it's all here. The first attack was a shock, I can tell you – the second a coincidence, p'raps – there's enough in London as don't think twice about doing such things - up to five, where we are now, all of them ladies we know: by
I felt myself on shifting sand, reputation about to be swept away by the sea. What if he should discover the variety which existed under his very roof? Attack, so it is said, is the best form of defence.
The Copper Beeches lay felled like her hair; the mystery revealed; the lovers reunited. Miss Hunter was on the market again – as a teacher, that is.
He patted my hand, which ought to have enraged me further but instead had its usual effect of reminding me that he was, after all, himself, and patience was the only response that would shield me from an apoplexy.
“I cannot disagree. This not about your little romances at all. It is about you, my dear Watson. The fictions about yourself that you disseminate by your evasions and wordplay.  Your word is your bond, and it weaves about you tightly when it ought to set you free.”
"Consider it made, Miss De Merville, the hour you freed yourself from Baron Gruner."
It was only after no little turning of mental cogs, cranked by a power that in my partner would have been called logic but in mine would be more truthfully termed serendipity, that the sight of a golden guinea placed in an upturned palm brought a name to mind as we travelled westward once more, through the City warrens around the Bank and along the Strand.
have a stiff leg from sitting too long.”
“Pascal was willing to wager far more on an essentially unprovable proposition concerning the very existence of the Deity. Really, Mr Holmes, what have you to lose?”
Probably fear.
Or rather that I was blackballed from it, after being on the waiting list for a year. At a loss to know why, as I had understood that members in good standing had proposed me, I wondered aloud if it was because I was not ‘unclubbable’ enough for them: that I retained my membership of the In & Out, the last shred of my old army career.
Anyone familiar with our lives only from what Doyle insists his readers want to hear, would think it one long round of chases on foot through the blackest streets, tussles with hardened villains on the docks and the deductive equivalent of pulling rabbits out of a hat. In fact I have spent many more hours searching through archives, in newspaper rooms and waiting in corridors to see people who fancied themselves more important than I am.
"I, on the other hand have perhaps some sympathy with your position." In fact I had none, but I can act the fifth column when need be. "Women are surely not to be trusted. Creatures of guile and scheme, of persuasion and temptation, conniving together to create illusion. They think they have the better of we weak-willed men, but no. Mind will always overcome matter, so long as matter is put in its place. Mind is man, woman is matter. No-one is really hurt, after all – only a little damage here and there, only a little righteous anger, a little justified fear. What is a scrap of fabric to us, a lock of false hair?"
A kiss that would loosen my tongue, indeed it was. A kiss that tugged at my soul without grace or mercy, that twisted it free from all restraint until I was sucked under with the tide and the sea, the sea called me, took me breathless to a foreign, familiar shore.
“Always,” said he and shuddered unmistakably just as I did too, spoiling my suit and soiling his white skin. Now, he would bathe, as he always did, afterwards, and I would bring him soap and towels like a bath boy on Jermyn Street and wash and dry and serve him today and all my days, from his head to his feet.
I tipped my hat in haste and was on the pavement hailing a cab by the time Watson had done with making our excuses. Freshly laid tarmacadam streets rumbled under our wheels and scraped beneath the horse's hooves. Stone setts were out: the motorcar was coming.
"Can you give it all up? Truly? That’s my only question. Apart from where are we going, when do we start and which of us will tell Mrs Hudson?"
“For two days I have practised that character in spare moments, and here you are not taken in for more than a minute. It is as well I am a moderately successful criminal agent: evidently, I should not make a career upon the stage.”
He locked the bedroom door. “Closed court for this case, I think.”
I am wiser now.
Love was the only thing he didn’t make me wait for. That was a glorious surpise which he sprang on me in the summer of ’95. I’m pleased to report he has sprung on me with delicious iregularity – in every sense of the word - ever since. We had to snatch the hours in secret, of course. Absent the odd dangerous and, precisely because dangerous, exciting tryst among the thick underbrush of woods in high summer, from midnight until dawn was our time,. And what time we made of it. Just as well we neither of us spent our days tied to a desk or minding a machine.
“Or if a private household possesses the latest in geyser baths.”
declined to accept public honours, we wished to specially commemorate his many services to England, and to us personally, in some other way than another trinket.”
"I doubt that."
Who was not in the least as I had expected. She was merry, she was outspoken, and she was fiercely intelligent - well, I ought to have expected that. She was also, if one may be permitted a private judgement, rather plain – but a plainness combined with such energy and light that it hardly signified and besides, I was hard put not to keep looking at something else altogether.
“It is a gift undeserved. A man decides in favour of another, even as you decide which cells to feed and which to ignore. Royal jelly, not to make a Queen but to make a life as rich as any man has a right to. Even a solitary bee like myself. It is more than association, more than rank, more than role. It always has a name and mine… my friendship is called John.”
"Honestly? I do. You are still in your prime, at the height of your powers. Crime has not gone away, however one might wish it would."
“Christ in heaven.”
"I am not describing a dissection," I returned tartly. "Merely a habit. You know of it?"
“No need, oh, no need for that, my heart,” he gasped. “Only carry on with what you were doing and I’ll…ah,
“As often as he would permit.”
I kept silence for a good while, turning the problem inside out and back to front, looking for the shape of it: the joins the thread, the attachment point. Attachment point…
It was the nature of our work together to find out people’s secrets – jealousy, greed, hatred. Love. Passion. So it was inevitable from time to time, in the years following, that we would uncover love stories I could only tell by covering them up again, could only write of indirectly - avoiding words like a game of Taboo. Lovers became sisters; life-mates became house guests; masters and servants only passed each other in the hall.
He paused, knocked out his pipe on the arm of the chair and put it back in the rack. To do so, he had to cross to my side of the hearth. What he did not have to do, was to go at once to his knees by my chair and take hold of my hand. Yet there it was, my hand clasped between his long, fine fingers, even before I yelped with the shock of it. There was his narrow face, inches from mine, grey eyes fixing me with a look that I could not fathom: half yearning, half apology.
I had always loved him for that courage, for that daily striving for right. Above all, for his daily choice to trust me.
“What on earth are you up to?” I hissed.
“I know at least two of them who would be hearing nothing they had not already done themselves. Not with me,” he added hastily, seeing my expression.
It was all my thought of the evening, right up to the hour of retiring to bed. Sentiment, avoid sentiment at all costs. Even if the alternative is stiff-necked pride. Yet my dreams – my dreams were of a firm handclasp, the soft cough before the gentle enquiry or the loving rebuke, the halting step, the unfaltering courage. Near midnight I woke with a start, swore like a sailor and dressed haphazardly before lurching down the narrow staircase and snatching a  blank telegram form from between the pages of “Highways and Byways in Sussex” in order to jack-knife it to the mantelpiece.
He retrieved the offending pages and plunged on.
protested my mystified brain.
Which was the great and which the little death? Mary followed Holmes within a year. Her loss broke me along the cracks opened at Reichenbach, rubbing salt into the stripes I had given myself for being only half a husband. When he unmasked in my consulting room, I fainted from the pain of that as much as from the joy of seeing his face, naked with apology and seduction both, asking me to come with him once more.
Our client, in her library, greeted us over half-moon glasses and a book: a book which revealed itself, as she laid it on the table beside her, to be in the original Greek. Holmes registered this as he did everything else in the room - sharp, quick glances eating up every clue and signifier, making ready to show off his wares.
"Matter of perspective, dear boy. You know she really is very fond of us."
, Sherlock Holmes.
Then, before I thought better of it, I wrapped myself in a blanket, lit a lantern and walked up to the top field.
“More. I would let him do utterly as he wished with me, he would only have to say the word.”
I leaned towards him and took both his hands. We were both very still. There was something in the air and we both scented it at the same time.
“A tendency to myopia, perhaps, but that runs in families, you know. Miss Anne already needs spectacles.”
"What of his wife, she may be in danger! And you still haven't told me what you do suspect."
“Trust me.”
“I am biding my time, Watson,” he replied at last. “The rest will follow, if only I dare be bold enough.”
"Granted. The boys, though. She may have fussed over mud on the landing carpet and the noise, but I saw her slip them biscuits and sit them by her kitchen fire when their boots were wet. I was glad to see Wiggins at the Yard. Quite the coincidence."
He had had more than just the one brandy. There was a soft weight to his footstep; the sour-sweet tang of the grape press tinted his breath; a delicious clumsiness in the fingers that caught me by the nape of the neck, his whole frame stretched on tiptoe to kiss me soundly.
I did as he bid and palmed my own prick roughly as he took his pleasure, his pleasure that gave me so much mine that it took only a score of strokes to bring me off too. Climax crushed me against his groin, though I was braced on both arms against the frame of the furniture, his hands a vice in my hair. There was no breaking free and no wish for freedom, only his ending. It so came swiftly on, that when I drank his seed it was as much from surprise as from desire.
But I fear I digress.
It had always been the other way round. First the face, the figure of a man would pull me in; only then did I find qualities of the soul to adore and too often, still more to mortally wound me.  Until I fell in love with my friend. As I dropped into a chair, poleaxed with joy and fear, it was all spirit. The flesh came later – roaring to life in the dead of midnight, in the grey hours before dawn, in a glance across a London pavement, at the accidental brush of his hand against mine across the breakfast table.
I have many faults; I freely admit it. I give generously to cards and the turf, though they seldom return the favour.  Given the chance (which when Holmes is on a case would be a fine chance indeed), I would lie in bed until noon. I revel in my enjoyment of expensive women and inexpensive wine. I am an accomplished liar in print, an almost-waste of a medical education and latest of all, a filthy-minded, socially reprehensible (though absurdly happy) sodomite.
"I found situations in the country for the rest. Just as I have found one for myself. Come, I have the sale particulars of a villa with smallholding that will exactly suit, would you examine them with me?"
The bed was gone, the spring mattress, the roof and walls with them, the only places on earth that existed were the two where our bodies joined, where I took him in, working on him and being worked, mouth filled with his heat, cock full to bursting from the pressure inside me of his busy fingers finding the same spot again and again, arched between two points electric and earthed, on fire from the charge running through me.
"Us?"
"Suppose I decided to retire?" Might as well come straight out with it.
“If crime is common, hypocrisy is well-nigh universal, it seems. I, too have been guilty. I allowed your little fictions to go unchecked, until they became a reputation that shielded me so well, I did not mind that it hemmed me in as well.”
As for sodomy, I had a means of escape. Foote and all the other brawny, golden-haired Adonises after whom I pined, unrequited, in the years after him were only half my dreaming. Voluptuous maidens and statuesque matrons of many lands put themselves conveniently – sometimes it seemed continuously - in my way. I am not ashamed to say I feasted from the banquet of womanhood and gave every dish its due.
should grow weary of it. For myself, I have long believed that the man who cannot bear to follow, to give way to greatness, is a man who fears for his own worth, not one who is secure in it. It is hard, indeed, to know oneself ordinary. Who would not wish to excel? The truth is that genius, like logic, is rare. I am touched by it, as few even are, and that is enough.
He palmed my rising cock, dark head thrown back, planting his feet astride so as not to fall to his knees with the power of it.
*******************************************************
I profess no religion and never have, but there were days back then when I longed for a confessor – anyone to know my thoughts but the one man who needed to. To convict in a criminal case the evidence must be beyond reasonable doubt. Contemplation of a crime, most particularly planning a joint enterprise in breaking the law, surely needs no less?
Touched as touch paper, to make a warming fire or an uncontrolled blaze. Touched by the sun to robust health or to prostration.   Touched to attractive eccentricity or to frank madness. A simple touch of hands, clasped in the darkness and in the face of danger. A touch that is the very opposite of simple.
"Italy."
“It won’t go any tighter. You have altogether the wrong shape. There is no…extra flesh to mould.”
Never such a sight indeed, and all for me.
Not here, of course. Vulgar sentiment held no sway in this house. Certainly not. Love there was, unspoken, demonstrated in uncounted ways other than in words, in the dance of every day spent learning each other anew in this new place, the embraces of every night, love plastered into the very walls. I knew it.  The scales of life were tipped by the gods so very far in my favour.
My friend stared into the fireplace; he carried on so long that I thought he hadn’t heard me.
He swept onto the chair opposite her and leaned in, piercing her with one of his intense, scrutinising stares. If she flinched, and strong men had done so before her, there was no outward sign.
“Watson, you wound me. Oh, ye of little faith. It is, nevertheless, an odd fancy in the circumstances. May one enquire as to her reasons? I hope your engaging me has not caused a rift or a quarrel between the two of you.”
“We’re done for, then. I’ve nothing.” He turned in my embrace. “Sleep with me?”
We took the stairs two at a time, hand in hand and glancing about like furtive schoolboys, though all the house was long gone to bed.
“Quite impossible, I am afraid. She will not see you.”
"About as long as it took for her to get used to you, I should think."
had taken a hearty kick at it wearing heavy boots.  The same boots, I should say, as the ones completing your boiler-maker’s disguise. The same disguise that failed to net you the Cricklewood gang. I have staff to think of, Mr Holmes. Betty threatened to give in her notice again yesterday, and she’s a good girl whom I shouldn’t care to lose.”
He knew, then. Knew at least some of it, had marked it somehow from my manner, from the way I folded my pocket-handkerchief, from a long-ago innocent slip of the tongue. I had been so careful, so careful but of course, I could never have been careful enough. This was Sherlock Holmes. Had he also guessed – no, he never guesses – had he seen the rest: that in my divided nature I had turned to him, as a spring flower to the sun?
“My current way of life is a distinct and deliberate departure. I have had enough of other people’s secrets and lies to last a lifetime, thank you.”
Yet woe betide the man who gives so much as a shadow of a hint that his tastes may stretch further, that his attention can be captured by a delicate female ankle… but by a broad set of male shoulders equally. Or, in one case, a narrow set of them. By a brilliant mind and a sudden, violent laugh; by a temper like a flame and a heart that burns for justice - heedless, heartless ‘society’ be damned.
"We could leave. Invent a reason - a train to catch; a case you've forgotten -"
At the last, what deity there may be that watches over inverts, addicts and consulting detectives who are both, surely heard John Watson’s shout.
We had just reached the part where he digs his heels into the mattress and curses in gutter French, when the front door jumped under an assault from a stick like a miniature battering ram. All usual assistance having been given the day off to join the popular celebrations, one of us would have to go down and answer it. At least, so I thought. Holmes would have none of it. He let himself slip, still stiff, from my mouth - with an Anglo-Saxon expletive this time - but tried to stop my progress out of bed, insisting:
"My dear Watson - my dear John, they are staring at *you*. One of your more charming attributes is that when you look in the mirror of a morning, you see but you do not observe. You are a very handsome man. Clad only in a parti-coloured towel, you are handsomer still. And it would be most surprising if I were not recognised. That plump and balding gentleman just passing by the potted palm is the Superintendent of the City of London Police, those great rivals to Lestrade and company.  I helped him out in the matter of the Saffron Hill receivers' ring not two months past."
“Always. Pray, proceed.”
“Good Lord. How do you know he is a Post Office clerk?”
He hesitated. He feared, I know now, that I would be scandalised by his conclusions. That if I accepted them as true, I might condemn the ménage at Low Hall, and others like them. That I would not be bold.
"Remember, Watson. Theories to fit all the facts, not the other way round. Clothes, quite as often as manners, maketh man. Or boy."
“And now
By the time he slipped into my room on silent, stockinged feet, I had stripped to my skin, washed the day’s endeavours away and taken up my nightshirt.
I am by no means the exception.
I should soon have run out of the words he craved had he not turned and let me hold him, for then the words came easy, then he stripped me to my skin and took me to my bed and still he asked me, asked for word and deed both.
“Sir, they beg you at least examine the end hive. Her Majesty is nearing the end of her reign; a successor will soon emerge.”
She sighed, as if at a dull but winsome puppy.
"You have set them right too: the young people. Set them up in their positions through your contacts and hiding places."
Accurate, though unnecessarily puckish. He reminded me of someone whom I shall not name, for the reader can easily guess, and the reminder stung. It had been several months since I had laid eyes on my friend. I remarked that I supposed the bees would vote with their feet, or at any rate their wings, if the accommodations were not to their liking. He hesitated, pressed both hands to his mouth – as he might have held his nose before jumping into a lake – and took his chance.
As matter of fact I was pretty well acquainted with Sir Mancherjee Bhownagree, the Member of Parliament for Bethnal Green, but to reveal how would be a breach of professional confidence.
"You are not a constitutionally nervous man, no more than I. No taint of a family distemper of the mind, no sign even of your brother's fatal intemperance, no recent shock. Your devotion to the turf is a vice, not a mania."
“Yes, from behind is best, then he cannot see what I am about to do, can only guess, though he would have it that he never guesses.”
“I am sorry for your plight, but consider mine. No, not that.” he waved away what I had opened my mouth to say. “The business brings in more than enough. The Persian slipper will remain a shared one. Consider how I had to face the prospect of your leaving.”
“You, sir, are-"
It is true that he was like a terrier with a rat on any number of other questions as well. The danger of allowing emotional attachments to cloud one’s judgement; the impenetrability of women; the blindness of the Metropolitan Police to crime unless it took place in the street under the very nose of a strolling constable: I should never had needed my cheque book locked away had I been able to lay a bet on the odds of at least one of them coming up in any given week.
We did not live in each others' pockets, but spent the greater part of each day busy with our own pursuits. I wrote; he tramped about in the rain. I read a novel; he shut himself up in the attic with his scrapbooks and chemicals. I went to the village; he made himself scarce if any of the villagers called.
Oh, God, if someone had come in then – we should have been clapped in irons on the spot.
The end result of their labours was this: nothing to tie the victims together save hair – so to speak. No family connection, no shared social circle, not near neighbours. They had followed different advertisements in different papers and magazines (which leads were carefully noted in the ledger). Even the pieces they had bought were all different in style and colour – though each had been bought and fitted at Number 94.
She marched into the room, plucked off her hat and stabbed a pearl hatpin back into it with some force. Violet de Merville evidently had no intention of being a victim ever again.
I found far less curiosity and censure about the inhabitants of Low Hall than I expected. They were more interested in news from London, in the price of livestock and the state of the roads. A few criticised the absence from church on Sundays, but more excused it on the grounds that old Mr Heacham had never set foot there, and it did not prevent him being a fair-minded employer and generous to the unfortunate, unlike some they could name.
“Impertinent. Yes, indeed. Spanked for it many a time and not yet cured, I’m sorry to say. Only try it, Mr Holmes, some afternoon or evening when you are quite out of human earshot, here on the top field. They tell me that you should dance for your nest-mate, with whom you once shared a corner of a great brick barn in a village without enough flowers to go round.  They met him once, and he is good for you. You are like the solitary bee who cleaves to other solitaries: needing and yet not needing, not as they need each other. They do not really understand friendship, though I have done my best to explain. Perhaps you will do better, having a better model.”
We lunched on meat pie and smoked eel at an establishment in the Tower Bridge Road that he had evidently been to before, although not with me, as he pointed out this and that East End delicacy which he claimed to be "better that you’ll get at the Savoy".  Holmes spent the meal sipping at a bottle of porter straight from its neck, his silk hat balanced on his knees beneath a napkin, which was as distracting to me and fascinating to the other patrons as if a gorilla had walked in and ordered half a pint of cockles. He assured me that I already, did I but know it, possessed all the information I needed to divine the nature, purpose and next steps of our journey – "some few, strictly incidental, details excepted."
Even as I pumped his hand and congratulated him, a diagnosis formed. If a lump appears where it should not, expect a bruise following. If a policeman, and this one above all others, appears at a suspiciously convenient moment, expect Sherlock Holmes leading. Yet this must be more than a mere pantomime for my benefit. Constable Wiggins, however, would not be drawn.
