"Whiskey," Peter gasped, shaking his head. "Ugh, no, no, no, don't like it,"
"Well, Santa wrote your name on it Pete," Tony pointed out. "And you've been wanting a bike, haven't you?"
Steve always woke up before Tony. Even if Tony had a good night sleep, he could lay in bed all day if Steve was there by his side. It made Steve's heart swell that he could provide Tony with such comfort after so much years of sleepless nights and exhaustion. Christmas morning was no different.
"This...this is
"You guys wanted 'dad' presents, so I got the tackiest ones I could think of," the boy laughed. "How'd I do?"
Steve almost felt like crying. He knew what it felt like the be a child with asthma and see other kids run around without any problems and sleep through the night and not have to use an inhaler or sit with steaming water to open up the lungs.
Tony nodded, a silent understanding of what was going on. Steve always kept inhalers in the cabinet, ready for these exact emergencies. Steve's body might not be able to suffer through this anymore, but he knew that one day Peter or Tony would need to use it.
"Papa's a fireman!" Peter cheered. "Look! Daddy I put the makeup on papa's face!"
Peter sense the tension in the air, the worry.
Tony finally felt something behind Peter's bottom teeth, hooking his finger next to his gums to pull it out. If only thirty year old Tony, standing in the middle of a club with women on either side and not a care in the world, could see what he was doing now.
"I have extras packed," Peter insisted. "It's
"Just because we come here once a week doesn't mean they're only open today, Pete," Steve tried to explained.
Sure, Tony could have had Disneyland shut down for the day to the public. He could have given his little family a whole day at Disneyland to themselves. The expense wasn't what stopped him from doing so. It was Peter.
"Hi Mr. Stark,"
"It's Christmas, daddy," Peter whispered excitedly.
Peter nodded excitedly, juice running down his chin and onto his shirt. Tony knew they wouldn't be going home with clean clothes. Peter was a messy eater on a normal occasion, but coupled with the fact they were sitting outside having a picnic, Peter would need a thorough shower when they got home.
"This'll make her wish she hadn't taken that op call," he explained, sending the photos to the woman immediately.
Peter looked confused.
normal, Peter," he whispered, watching as the boy's eyes began to droop. "Except to me and your dad, you're the most special person in the whole world,"
"Christmas!" Peter cheered, awkwardly placing himself between his parents. "Merry Christmas papa!"
Pepper rolled her eyes.
Peter shook his head, lips almost parting with his grin.
"Because he's not human," Steve sighed. "He's too good to be human. He's something else entirely,"
Steve and Tony leaned in close to their son, kissing a cheek each, and wondering how they ended up with the world's greatest kid.
"Shh, what's up little guy?" Steve cooed, his voice thick with sleep.
Tony didn't need to be asked. Tony didn't need to consider it for a second. His son could be
Steve wished he could take away Peter's sickness. He wished he could take it away each time he witnessed his son feeling anything other than his bubbly, happy self. But it didn't work like that. Sickness struck at any time, and right now it happened to hit Peter during his favourite day of the year.
He wanted the same experience his friends had. He wanted crowds of people and music and dancing and various foods on sticks and candy and those stupid Mickey ears that cost more than a ticket itself. Peter just wanted to be a normal five year old boy at Disneyland with his family. Even if that family gathered more attention than any of the attractions.
of things," Tony smirked.
When they were back on the jet that night, settled in for their journey back to New York, it was silent. Peter was dead to the world, wrapped around Steve's chest and drooling excessively. His ears were still on his head. Tony was sure he wouldn't wake up until morning.
Peter couldn't tear his eyes away from the television, but he wished he could. The world was lucky to have protectors like the Avengers fighting to keep them safe, to take down the bad guys and be the ones to suffer the physical blows rather than civilians. But Peter wasn't just watching footage of a group of heroes, he was watching his parents. He was watching them get hit over and over again, watching them fall to the ground, watching them bleed.
"How about we get Aunt Nat to come over later and help you into it, huh? You can wear it all afternoon, and we'll try some candy. Lollipops might even help your throat,"
"The kid is a machine, Steve. Are you really surprised?"
"You forgot it was Christmas?" the boy asked, shocked.
"So it's officially not about the presents, huh? Now it's all about the food?" Tony shook his head.
Steve and Tony looked to their son who was running over behind the archer. All day he had been running between his aunt, uncles and parents. It was the only time Peter was allowed to let go of their hands.
Peter didn't even argue. He just let himself be taken into his father's arms and laid his head against Steve's chest, closing his eyes.
"There'll be plenty of candy Pete," he chuckled. "As long as you take your medicine as well,"
"And you'd have to listen to us, Pete. If we say we have to go, then we go, alright?" Steve added.
"What's in your mouth then, huh?"
"From
Steve reached a hand out and ran his thumb over Peter's cheeks, wiping away the tears. This was their least favourite part of the job. The effect it had on Peter. The fear it put into him, the worry that he would be left without his parents, the idea that he could watch them die on live television.
"I know," Peter agreed. "But I can handle it. If it ever got too much...I'd tell you guys."
"Maybe, but this feels very much like a
"Hey, there aren't a lot of famous archers to choose from," he defended. "And the kid likes it,"
"Hey, what is it?" Tony asked, picking up on the hesitation.
"We're not gonna run out," Tony assured.
"C'n we do somethin' tomorrow? Y'said it could be
When they made it out into the living room, Peter's smile dropped. The room was dark. Very dark. Little pumpkin lanterns barely illuminated the room enough for him to see the silhouettes of his parents. Just as he began to let out a nervous whine, the lights flickered on low, revealing the whole group sitting in the living room, dressed in their costumes.
"Mine!"
In a world full of technology, full of constant threats and evil, Steve still found peace in those afternoons with his son. It all felt so familiar.
Of course, Peter wanted to open the biggest present first. But Tony and Steve encouraged him to open his others first and they all took turns opening their gifts. Peter made each of them something from scratch and was very proud of himself when they complimented his work. His little cheeks went red as he fumbled with his fingers awkwardly. Just like Steve, Peter wasn't a fan of too much attention or praise.
"Can we go see! Please! Please!"
Steve blushed, rolling his eyes.
"What if we run out?"
Steve stood by the door, chucking softly. Teenagers and their sleep. Years ago, Peter would have been the first one awake, running into his parents room to hurry them out to the tree to check if Santa had stopped by. But now, if it meant waking up early, Peter opted out.
"Yeah, I'm sure
Tony looked to the greasy, black smears all over Steve's face and white shirt. He looked like he had just walked in from fighting a blaze. Tony knew that Peter loved firemen and how brave they were, which is why he chose the costume for Steve, but all Tony could see was just how attractive his husband was.
• 7h ago
"It'll work."
"This conversation is over," Carol says, her tone now the whip-crack of a woman who gave her dad the middle finger, joined the Air Force to pay for her own education, and ended up a full-bird colonel, a security chief for NASA, a bestselling author, an intergalactic adventurer, and one of Earth's mightiest heroes all before the age of forty.
JV: Me either.
NB: That old building was such a wreck. It'd be hard to tell if there were.
cartilage tear.
Cage and Drew are at the rear of the vehicle extracting Barton. Cap is at the front, the one security guard stupid enough to attack him at his feet. Spider-Man's about halfway up the side of the Paramount Theatre. There will be others; Cap may have been unable to resist the opportunity for a public demonstration, but he'll also have arranged for a fast extraction and plenty of support.
"Tony," Steve gasps. Terrible things are happening to his trachea.
"Tony," she says,
Pepper's hair has fallen around her face. Instead of brushing it back, offering her a hug or at least a tissue, Tony squats down beside her and curls his hand over her shoulder. Squeezes. Lets her know that he's not going anywhere.
is what he wants to ask.
"I always figured you'd jump at the chance to wake up in the future," Steve says. "You're as much a man out of time as everyone else says I am."
"The supervillains have been largely contained," Friday says helpfully.
• 1h ago
says Kooning.
TS: They were investigating a warehouse?
"Password accepted." The elevator glides into action, so smooth that if you weren't anticipating it you wouldn't know you were moving at all, but Tony's attuned to forward motion.
"Project 42," Friday corrects. She pauses before continuing. The pause is not for Friday's benefit but for Tony's; she can think at speeds that leave even Tony's post-Extremis brain scrabbling in the dirt for traction.
"The only reason you'd throw your support behind Registration," Steve says, "is because you think it's the right thing to do."
TS: Sure. Alien artifacts, super-soldier serums. A good old-fashioned burst of gamma radiation.
"It's that or read you headlines," Friday counters. "While you're standin' around and admirin' yourself, Keep Our Heroes Free filed a civil suit against the U.S. government for passing the Registration Act, SHIELD attempted to apprehend the Young Avengers, Colonel Rhodes received orders officially assigning him to Camp Hammond, and Norman Osborn had a letter published by the
TS: Hey, did you know that you met Bill Mauldin once?
... a defense contractor, and now you guys are all about talking up clean energy."
"Because it was better than being Tony Stark for one more day."
BOWMAN: I don't see why I shouldn't take advantage of how small their imaginations are. We're going to be criminals anyway. I have no problem fleecing the government out of millions of dollars.
SR: Patton was all right. Arrogant, sure, but he did what he needed to do. That much responsibility could drive anyone at least a little out of their mind.
CB: And you're friends outside of the boundaries of the team.
"Thanks, big guy, but at this point it's all in Pepper's hands," Tony says.
If one kid with a grudge could exploit that flaw, then others could, too. Tony's solution was many-faceted; he tore the problem apart from without and within. He implemented software solutions and bioengineered failsafes, contingency plans that would become accessible to Jim Rhodes and Pepper Potts and Carol Danvers and yes, Steve Rogers, only in the event that Tony was compromised. And he wrote a kill file into Friday; she monitors him every second of every day, and if she detects a pattern of dangerous behavior, she's fully authorized to shut down his metabolic processes starting with his heart. It's a relief to be able to trust someone more than he trusts himself. He's making the amor safe again. It's his very own Execute Program.
DAEDALUS: Right.
They all have their sore spots; Tony's got half a dozen of them right under his surface, but he's practiced at playing the game, and he's aware that he deserves whatever the papers want to dish out. Steve, though—it's hard to drag Captain America through the mud, but it can be done, even if it's usually inadvertent rather than deliberately malicious. The media's two favorite tactics are treating Steve like a museum exhibit rather than a soldier who really lived through the Battle of the Bulge and treating Steve like an unfailing beacon of morality and patriotism rather than a human being. Steve is a good man. He's not infallible.
"I took the security precautions I deemed necessary. If you want to fight about this, I suggest you try contacting the president and the Secretary of Defense first."
SR: Stacked on top of each other? That's a picture.
But Stark Tower isn't. The ninety floors below house tens of thousands of employees. Some of them are businesspeople. Some of those businesspeople need to entertain. One of them graciously and unknowingly donated to her employer; thanks to her, something liquid and loaded stands on the counter to Tony's left.
SR: Because of swearing, right. So I took off my jacket, straightened my helmet, and marched around to the front of the jeep to ask if the guy needed help. I dunno who was more surprised when we got a good look at each other, him or me.
"Right. So you're correct in extrapolating that I want clean energy to be one of our major areas of focus as we move into the next decade, but that's only part of what I'd like to be a complete overhaul. We're a tech company right now. That's what people think when they see the SI logo: technological applications, whether it's a laptop for personal use or a software package for the private sector or a set of body armor for the military." Tony pauses. "What I'd like us to become is not a tech company but an
"How did we get here? Did they... drug me, or knock me out—"
"Unassailable logic," Tony says. "I was thinking we could go down to my garage, but if you'd rather meet the Avengers..."
"Like
"You know what your problem is, Tony?"
They offer him SHIELD again, and he refuses. They offer him a division, and he agrees. He's given the title of deputy director, technically reporting to Hill but able to override her orders in matters pertaining to his jurisdiction. The truce between them is uneasy but fruitful. They both do what needs to be done.
"Isn't that right, Tony?" Steve says.
"Armor uplink to the Stark Industries data spine," Friday says.
TS: I'd be less surprised if you told me your answer was three Skrulls in a trenchcoat.
HH: I, uh… I just wanted to say something. I don't know if it's my place, but you… uh, you don't seem fine.
"Deep breath," he tells himself, and then he presses the laser cutter up against his Achilles tendon, angles the handle downward, and actives it. His heel severs neatly, a diagonal bisection that causes his calcaneus to drop off and fall to the floor. The cuff drags on the open wound as Steve guides it over his foot. It's a good thing he's wearing his armor, or that would've hurt.
"It was a joke, boss. Surely you remember those."
Carol is saying. She can make it into the building. Natasha, Reed, and Jan will be outside. Steve had taken almost the whole rest of the roster with him when he went underground. That's fine; they'll rebuild. She-Hulk's probably in the plant already, too. Rhodey, while technically a current team member, has been put in the reserves while he's off drumming up support and building the Camp Hammond program. Rhodey not being here is fine. It's better for everyone; without Rhodey, Tony has to learn to walk unassisted.
DAEDALUS: He's too distracted to devote any attention to running us down.
makes it sound like more of a problem than it is. He's heard the diagnoses. Major Depressive Disorder, that's comorbid. Alcohol dependence, however latent, is by this point simply a charming personality trait. Exhaustion isn't so much a symptom as a glitch. What distracts him are thoughts. Sometimes he gets an idea in his head, and he can't let it go.
. Tony has neither the time nor the patience for divinity; his higher power is form and function, mathematics, and the world to come. He defines himself as a humanist and a futurist, a secular believer in the infinite complexity of the universe, but in times of great, profound stress, he sometimes falls back on the childhood prayers of his mother.
Her lips twitch; they're always mutually delighted when they play along. "Leviticus said witches should be stoned, actually, but there's a play—"
"Because"—what had the kid said?
"Men," Tony says, "like me."
BIRCH: She did.
"They aren't dumping bodies."
"And?"
BIRCH: And Captain Marvel—
That makes it sound like they want him to kill Steve.
JV: He saved all our asses a lot.
"You tried to kill me," he says.
SR: If you could predict the safe bets, it wouldn't be the bleeding edge.
Tony shrugs a shoulder and comes around to the other side of the couch. "Too tired to sleep," he admits. It's maybe more than he would have given anyone else, a nod to the laundry list of defects he has yet to solve.
Norriss's cause of death remains unknown, although officials have ruled out natural causes. Norriss is survived by his wife, Natalie Liu, and his cousin and financial backer, Sasha Hammer.
79872341.10893.13
"Held up by a previous appointment. How're the troops?"
"How'd you get out?"
He sits in front of his liquor cabinet, and he builds a What If.
"Tony," Pepper says, "please—"
There used to be a different body on this table, but that body is gone if not laid to rest.
"He's got a lot of time to think in that fancy prison cell of his," Tony says. He isn't bothering to speak out loud anymore—his brain can translate thought into a digital signal that Friday reads right out of the armor's transmission. She doesn't have direct access to the armor; in the wake of Yinsen's son, Tony keeps her as separate from the armor and from Tony himself as possible. She monitors him every second of every day, reading only outputs, quietly collecting data and building a real-time forecast. There's a kill file written into her now that will stop Tony's heart in his chest if she detects a pattern of threatening behavior. Eventually, Tony thinks of everything.
"Where are—"
STARK: No, I'm just thinking. Don't worry so much.
HP: What's in the grave at Arlington? An LMD? The shield?
In fact, the SRA draws on a little-known sociological hierarchy proposed by Stanford professor Holly Yang. Dr. Yang's taxonomic system was first set down in a 1996 paper called
"Send me the time and place. I need a half-hour lead."
This is Iron Man sacrificing himself to Captain America. He's at the altar now. He might as well sit down here and wait to die; it's a hell of a lot better than being Tony Stark for one more day.
Tony goes down, down, down to the great cathedral built beneath his tower. He doesn't come here much these days; there's no coming back from final impenitence, not when the opportunity for contrition is long past, not when he's living a twilight existence that is as close to the afterlife as he'll ever come. Some hours he feels like he's already dead, but his body has yet to catch up.
"Congressman, with all due respect," Tony says, "SHIELD and the Avengers are doing what needs to be done to ensure that Rogers and his allies cause a minimal damage."
Happy has a private suite, courtesy of his boss; Tony feels the tick of the life support long before he hears it. It might as well be flagged red and gold—among the electronic noise of the hospital, the signal calls to Tony like a beacon. It throbs in his head in time with Happy's pulse; the EEG readings, in contrast, are flat.
TS: Hey, at least I was sober through the whole thing.
VP: You can touch, hear, all his life support equipment with your mind. He wouldn't have wanted this, Tony. You could turn it off. I would never know.
Rhodey goes, but not without shooting Tony one final look of wounded suspicion. People are worried about him; it's always a novel feeling, and an undeserved one, since they're worried about the wrong thing.
"We reap what we sow," says Mom. "These are mine, Tony. You'll have to find your own."
"It's a study, isn't it?" Steve says gently.
Tony doesn't say anything.
Tony startles and dumps coffee all over the back of her hand. Stevie's reaction is immediate: she lunges forward, flips on the lights and then the faucet with one hand, grabs Tony by the wrist and shoves her hand under the water with the other. "Are you okay?" she demands. That's Cap all over. She's a firebrand. She could be Tony's firebrand.
HH: No judgment here. Just saying, it's gotta be tearing you up to have Cap—
So Howard took him to the shooting range; he clapped the earmuffs on Tony's head, he slid the too-large glasses with their yellow lenses on Tony's face, and he put the big revolver in Tony's hand. "Like this, Tony," he said, and he showed Tony how to load bullets in the cylinder. That first time the range was vacant of anyone who wasn't a Stark, and when Tony lifted the muzzle and clumsily aligned the sights, he did so in complete silence.
He retracts his gauntlet and gives Rogers his bare hand. There's a decade of history between them, and the impossibility of this moment gives way for one instant to the avalanche of that legacy. It's another scar, an imperfection in an otherwise perfect system, a cascading failure that is less a flaw than a certainty.
"Because they don't need to," Tony agrees.
"Done."
"Extremis rewrote me," he says.
SR: Actually, that's a good comparison. You have to be in good shape, or you start putting yourself and the people around you in danger.
She, Maya Hansen, visionary and inmate, snorts. "He's a drunk, old hippie."
TS: We tend to come at problems from very different angles of attack.
STARK: Maybe not. She liked that piece you did on how technological acceleration impacts women.
890 Fifth Avenue. It's one of those addresses everyone knows, an address recorded in the annals alongside 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue and 10 Downing Street. It was—it used to be—home, both when Tony was a child for whom
TS: Cap's angle is obtuse.
Tony jerks.
He never could resist a final bon mot. One of these days, it's going to get him killed.
When Senator John Boynton (D-NY) looks up, he doesn't see Tony Stark. He sees Iron Man, gleaming and impassive, a being made perfect and free from human sin. There remains some small organic matter within Iron Man, a quickly-failing bundle of bone and tissue and error. The useful parts of his organic matter have already been incorporated into the Iron Man, who does not sleep, does not need feeding, does not waste resources building castles in the air. Tony knows the hollow golden glow of that perfect instant will be enough to fuel him as he struggles towards the ultimate realization of being the Iron Man in every moment, not just some of them.
STARK: Please, Tony.
Tony turns the page and finds the latest version of his armor. The attention to detail is incredible, the care far beyond what Tony would expect; he never thought anyone other than he himself saw the Iron Man like this.
Tony can just see Steve's reflection in the glass, his face given a golden glow from the lights shining through the window. New York is always so bright; it's a wonder there's room for shadow. Like this, with Tony in the armor and Steve in his boots, Tony is demonstrably taller than Steve. It's the only time he's able to look down on Cap for anything.
"Son of a
STARK: Is this just going to be a lookbook of people I know?
Friday's hologram promptly flickers into existence in the center of the elevator. Today she's wearing Data from
"Why was that?"
was a periodic waystation between trips and boarding schools and tutorages, and then later, when he populated the mansion with a family he built himself. Now it's a ruin. The southwest side that faces 70th is almost entirely gone. The west corner is collapsed inward, brick spilling into the shadowy conference room. The quinjet hangar on the third floor is open to the air.
He almost gives it up, but then Steve looks at him, easy, expectant but not hurried, like he won't hold Tony's failings against him despite his willingness to take the measures necessary to safeguard the team, and although the weight of that attention is usually (always) enough to make Tony want to flinch, it also anchors him in a way that nothing else does. Ballast, but welcome ballast. If Steve were willing, if he gave Tony a favor, Tony would wear it forever.
"Tony—"
"I'm burning down this building. I have what I need. No point in leaving evidence." She shrugs. "The charges are already set, and you—at this point, Tony, you're a shell. You're just evidence."
But in the end, even the Model 29 is just a prototype. It sits on the surface of a terminal error. He sees the whole of it, right down to the shatterpoints—the weaknesses that sit at a nexus of flaws. Two hundred days ago, Tony fell asleep. Someday he won't ever have to make that mistake again.
"What are you getting at, Tony?" Carol interrupts.
"He's pissed that you won't call him back," Carol says, "how do you think he is?" She inhales, sucking air through her teeth, and then exhales, long and weighty. "I get it. I remember having the energy to care about people, but now…"
Although it may be an inconsequential detail, I was informed that Director Stark shut off security cameras and spent approximately thirty minutes in the cold storage cell in which Captain Rogers' body was being held.
If the satellite connected to Tony while he was displaying the increased delta activity of deep sleep, it would automatically send a second signal with the trigger. The instructions wouldn't even have to be specific, just a target and some kind of workaround to shut down his resistance and keep him from being aware of what he was doing. That was why Yinsen's son had been able to coerce him into a long series of complex tasks that included overriding Friday and running the armor in stealth mode—he'd told Tony
SR: What's that?
CB: Is that—
The undersuit: gone.
"You know one of the arguments people make against gun control?" he says. "They say that a gun's just a tool, like a hammer. That you can use a hammer to kill someone, too. But you have to consider the purpose. A hammer is a tool for construction. A gun? A gun is for killing."
BIRCH: I'm implying that, yes.
They grew. They evolved. They argued, and fought, and realized that total accord was impossible. They made each other better. They broke apart and came back together, and always there was the team that for all its foibles had become family to them both. Because that was what Steve was, wasn't it? Not solely partner or friend or brother but all three.
"Golddigger," Tony accuses affectionately.
Her face is both skeptical and transcendent. It's a good combination. He wishes he'd hung on to a little more of the latter and a little less of the former.
"Doesn't sound like much of a difference."
"Done."
"Seventeen seconds apart? Run a comparison."
"No," Tony says.
"Don't be naive."
It's a good present, a clean future, with none of the attendant troubles of reality. In the What Is of this world, the Vision is dead. Wanda vanished years ago. Hank has retired to a gentler life of SSRIs, entomology, and academia. Clint would sooner spit on Tony than speak to him. And Steve Rogers is right here, a line of ash smeared through the letter on his cowl, shield drawn back to swing at Tony as behind him a man goes up in flames.
And Iron Man says, "Leave that to me."
Or maybe not. Happy had a briefcase with him; the briefcase is now gone. Maybe this was all industrial sabotage. Who can say. Tony can't.
He is, not to put too fine a point on it, a genius. He doesn't know the how or why, but he comprehends the evidence, what little of it there is: carbon scoring on the armor when he hadn't taken it into the field, a constant exhaustion that should have been countered by the Extremis upgrades, a series of obituaries that confuse the issue even further. He couldn't find any video footage, but that doesn't mean a hell of a lot; he'd been bragging to Lila Rhodes about integrating stealth technology into the armor, and part of that is a full suite of jamming systems. If Tony wants, he can wipe himself from every camera and phone, every satellite, every emissions tracker and computer log in existence. The only hardware he can't wipe himself from is the human mind, and that's more of an ethical limit than a practical one.
"No," Rogers says. To his credit, he doesn't say,
"Technically, boss," Friday says, "you aren't payin' me at all."
JK: Do you know why you're here?
starting a war," Tony says. "Maybe I'll even explain why someday, how's that?"
I'm offended you'd even ask that, some of my best friends are mutants. No, go ahead, laugh. Listen, in all seriousness, Project Wideawake was a misguided, speciest attempt to violate the rights of American citizens. The Registration Act doesn't care if you're human, mutant, metahuman anomaly, whatever. You are under no obligation to disclose if you have powers—or specialized training or equipment—
You can't talk about Steve Rogers without talking about the people around him. He built communities as easily as some of his peers built skyscrapers. Cap may not have been a founding member of the Avengers, but he was so quickly deemed a foundational member of the team that the founders rewrote their history to include him at the inception. Every Avenger I have met has gone out of their way to assure me that the Avengers are not merely a team but a family that has been knit together through years of highs and lows, triumphs and sorrows and the many days in between where we all get about the more ordinary business of living.
TS: Wonderful.
"You're running scared," Cap says. "You might think you've got a handle on everything, but it all really comes down to what
"Fine," Steve says. "Didn't amount to much. I was only there to play bodyguard."
"Try again."
"It's fine. Startled me, that's all. Really, Tony, I don't mind. Honey?"
TS: Could I speak with Lucy Cervantes?
Tony puts his sunglasses on his face. He stands up. He says to Maya, "I hope you go to hell."
Tony considers the sand in his eyes. He considers that unlike Igraine, he can always return to Tintagel. Friday has her own pursuits to keep her busy here in this cathedral, and the rest of the world is locked safely outside; Tony can follow his chain.
The device in his hand is smaller, sleeker, designed by Tony himself. He hadn't used it in years, but he knows it still works. He retains it only out of sentimentality. He could switch it on and talk into it, but nobody would be listening on the other end.
Sometimes it seems like they're destined to understand one another only in fleeting moments. If Steve is an outdated relic, a soldier called upon to sacrifice for his country again and again without any sure promise of a final rest, Tony is a premature reckoning, a builder for whom the
is to talk to Happy.
"Great, because I wouldn't touch that with a twelve-foot pole. What I want to talk about is how they're communicating. How they're recruiting. What's their long-term plan. Why they chose physical resistance instead of fighting for different legislation through conventional channels."
BIRCH: Assuming I was defaming them instead of you. The implication was that you have to buy your friends, not that Ms. Potts and the rest are willing to be bought.
BIRCH: Good instincts.
"It's the worst part," Tony counters. "I've tried to cut it out, code it out, trick myself out of it. I can't excise it. It doesn't ebb, it won't be replaced. It's the worst part of me, Steve."
"She's in California."
STARK: She's the rock this place is built on. You can quote me on that. I keep trying to make her VP, and she keeps turning me down.
"No," Rhodey says. "She's a baby."
They enter the conference room. Iron Man triggers the door before Hill can lay her hand on the security scanner.
BIRCH: His name is 'Happy?'
He stokes the delusion: "We need to talk."
"Your problem," Tony counters, "is that you can only frame things in the context of your own worldview. It's always optimist or pessimist, cynic or idealist. I'm neither of those things. I'm a realist. A futurist. I don't deal in wishful thinking. I deal in what
registry. I didn't hack it. I didn't steal the information." Her breath whispers against where his ear should be, and she says: "It was legal, and
company. Engineer the future."
DAEDALUS: We're getting nowhere.
She says, "You could turn it off."
BIRCH: Would you like me to table it until we're alone?
"Tony," Steve says.
"I can see in the dark now." Tony keeps it as light as she can, tries not to give in to the pride at having reengineered her eyes. Stevie's squeamish about eyeballs.
Reducing the struggle over the Registration Act to a conflict between two figureheads may be disingenuous—in this week alone, four national newspapers ran front-page headlines that were all variations on the theme—but there's no denying the very real ways that Stark and Rogers are shaping their respective camps. Anti-Registration voices have adopted Rogers as a symbol of protest, and the most enterprising of them are already capitalizing on it; Bebe Summers, who sells her crafts on Etsy, reports a nine thousand dollar gross in the past week alone thanks to her iconic "I BELIEVE IN CAP" buttons and T-shirts. Those in favor of the SRA have attempted to rally around the slogan "I STAND WITH IRON MAN" with little success.
"I told you," the kid says, and then there's a noise like a crack and a round from a high-powered rifle hits Yinsen's son right between the eyes.
STARK: Bingo. Extremis… well, more or less, it instructs a body to treat itself as a wound and rebuild itself from scratch, in whatever way we require. The objective is programmed into the enhancile prior to administration, and then after a couple of days of blinding agony, your end result is a human with accelerated regeneration, or the lung capacity of an Olympic athlete, or an innate resistance to dementia. Anyone else? Oh, hi. Yeah, go ahead.
ROGERS: And asking for help.
When he slides into his chair, Steve knocks his foot against Tony's, and something liquid and ashamed slides down Tony's spine.
HP: How you were always there when we needed someone to entertain Clint and help him burn off energy while we were trying to concentrate.
JK: We're asking you to surrender the armor.
Maya can fuck off.
Friday cuts him back in.
"Classified… that means it's alien?"
Another crack, and Tony's still staring at the kid's slumped, vacated body when the helmet comes down around his head just in time to block the second round. The bullet drops to the ground, rendered inert; he built dampeners into the armor to prevent ricochets from harming bystanders.
Here's his figure, leaning forward flirtatiously or looking away. Here's his hands, the burn scar at the base of his thumb that was only recently healed by Extremis, the blunt edge of his fingernails and fine tips of his fingers. Here's his suits, three-button and double-breasted, models fifteen and twenty. Here's an entire page of just his jawline and his beard.
TS: That's the one thing out of this whole mess I can believe.
HH: You been rubbin' axle grease under your eyes?
"You're always talking about emerging technologies," Stevie counters. "You couldn't have known what it would do to her."
"You knew this was coming," Steve says. "Don't you call yourself a futurist?"
"Sure you want to pull the trigger, boss?"
"You saw this coming, didn't you?"
"This won't solve anything," she says. "You could've said no."
"I find that hard to believe."
JK: And your guesses are pretty damn good, am I right?
FOR AUTHORIZED PERSONS ONLY
Maybe there's a solution here. Balance has never been Tony's strongest suit.
,' thank you all, you really are great for my ego—personally, I'm more interested in the ways I could tailor a serum like that to act as an interface between my big, giant brain and my big, cutting-edge tech. I say 'serum,' we all know that's a euphemism; what we're discussing is a nano-machine swarm that hacks the body's repair center delivered directly to the bloodstream via… let's just say that the delivery technique could use some refinement and leave it at that."
Tony builds a symphony of justification. The third movement sounds like this:
CB: I have to admit, I'm curious: what do two Avengers do together off-the-clock?
"Do you know how many patents I had by the age of twelve? Neither do I, but it was a lot. C'mon, let me give her that chance."
Friday rides along in his pocket, still managing to whisper in his ear because his own deficiencies are counteracted by her grace. "Should I contact anyone?" she asks, and Tony says no. Who would he even contact? Who would believe him? All he wants is to crawl back into his coffin, but instead he's out here taking responsibility.
HH: Can't kid a kidder, boss. I saw the press conference you did.
well not all of us
He fires a low-impact force beam from the RT core on his chest. Rogers staggers back.
like a therapist?"
NB: Couple of farms. We're far enough from Omaha that there isn't much out here other than cornfields.
JK: Temporary lockdown only, Tony. Until we're sure you don't pose a danger to yourself. We won't be able to access it, and you get to supervise the whole process.
"No, boss. Not anymore."
"Boss?" Friday says.
"He landed on a plane," Tony says. "Walked away, went underground, started an illegal movement… You know Cap. He likes to stay busy."
"Protected by the most sophisticated software security Stark Industries can muster," Tony assures him. "The registry is private, confidential, and accessible to only those with the highest security clearance. There's virtually no chance of it being stolen or exploited."
JV: Remember how he used to go in and jump on Steve's bed whenever he was moping?
Tony considered that for a moment before slowly nodding his head in agreement.
"You need to try. You need to succeed. That watch can get us help if you can get us out of here. After lights out, turn into something that can get through those bars, find a way out and just
"She's good. She's good. She was injected with something unstable, I made it stable. Genius, I know. She's..." Tony stopped, chewing on his cheek in a habit Steve had grown used to seeing once upon a time. "...taking a break. "
Then he said they'd get out of their.
His expression didn't give away much but he didn't see any judgement in his eyes. Just pure curiosity.
"From staying? No. My job is to protect the Time Stone. It is here. It is protected. I will not need to interfere however--" Steve tensed as she held her hand out to him, calmly with an expectant gaze. "--this will be a one time deal. If you decide to stay, the Pym Particles you are using will stay here under safe keeping to keep you from using them to fix every little thing that goes wrong. You can choose a time, a place and go there one last time so I suggest you choose wisely."
" The AI clipped and Steve bit back a grin, able to hear Tony griping in his head.
"Sorry--"
A voice echoed in his mind.
"When we start, Stark, I'll call you in. Until then, you can get out of my office."
"Liar. I know you can and will joke at my expense if you saw an opening."
"It'll be easier for both of us, okay? Whatever you were dreaming of had you pretty freaked out and that freaks me out. This way, you'll know I'm alright and I'll know you're getting some decent sleep in."
Steve's eyes narrowed in on the roomba in the corner of the room. It wasn't on but it was vibrating. It stopped. Then started again. Curious, he picked it up and turned it over, finding the part he could pry it open. Tony's phone hit the ground with a soft thud, showing that Bruce calling. Nat scooped it up and answered.
"This place is so run down. Are we sure JARVIS had the right coordinates?"
"Immediately. Barton is with him now. If and when he remembers anything of use, we'll let you know but he's going to stay under our care."
"I know, there won't be much to save of SHIELD. But you and Bruce and JARVIS have weeded out almost everything that Hydra's done behind the scenes. We can use that, narrow in on those who were involved. It might help."
"Anything I can do help?"
Son of a bitch--"
Steve let out a little laugh as he drove. Natasha had her feet up on the dash and this time Steve didn't tell her to put her feet down like he had the first time. Clint was stretched out in the back where their gear was, lying across the back seats. According to him, it was too early and he deserved to lie down for a little longer. Steve wanted to agree. Pulling himself out of bed that morning had been hard.
"Tony's right. We need you two to send us more files whenever; if ever you get the chance. You both have higher clearance than Steve so you can get more."
Bruce, through Tony's phone asked.
The few days they'd been there, Bucky was making strides. Steve himself hadn't done much other than be a comforting presence when he needed it. Bucky had the world at his fingertips there at the tower so he left him to his own devices. He let Bucky read about Steve and himself and the world he'd once been a part of. Anything else he had questions about Steve tried his best to answer or Bruce tried to help him.
There was a pause and Steve clicked his tongue off the roof of his mouth. Out of habit, he looked up towards the camera while he waited for JARVIS to address him again. Without warning the elevator headed up.
Steve's eyes lit up at the suit. His stealth suit. Fury mentioned before that Stark had designed it but he never put much thought into it. If he was honest? This suit had always been his favorite. It fit well. It was armored but still light enough to move in. The darker color suited him better too.
There was a screen that popped up in front of the group and Loki watched the path he took from the building that was shown on the screen. Steve stared at it intently.
"I sure do. Haven't known them for very long but so far, they haven't let me down yet."
they were coming for him?"
"Damn--"
"I thought as much. I was on the phone with him when they arrived."
"He didn't tell me no so I think it went pretty well all things considered. "
And just as quickly as they came, the two spies disappeared.
There was a bit of static in his ear before Natasha's voice came through.
Loki sniffed a little and he nodded at the watch before realizing that the voice probably couldn't see him. "Alright." He muttered softly. Once he reached the treeline, he hunkered down against the trunk of one and pulled his knees to his chest.
What if they used the kid against him? He didn't know who the hell the kid was but Tony would be damn sure he wasn't going to get hurt on his watch.
Another nod, this time with a little smile and he could see the kid-- Loki, start to loosen up.
SHIELD headquarters, surrounded by blown to hell helicarriers.
"What about the kid?"
Bucky looked at the door when he stepped in, a look of disappointment flickered across his features before it was masked behind one of disinterest. He turned his head to look away from Steve and stared out the window. Steve tried not to let that hurt. He reminded himself that this wasn't the Bucky of the past nor was it the friend he regained in another future. He had to start over again and that was okay. He just had to take things slow.
"Then I don't agree."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't even remember him! Just let--"
It was a smooth voice, coming from the watch. Calm and collected. In a way it reminded him Heimdall. Heimdall was always calm, even when everyone else wasn't.
The last thing he remembered was lunch with mother and Thor. Father was too busy to join them but they always saw him for dinner so it wasn't much of a loss. He was supposed to have more lessons with his mother after lunch but he'd been feeling tired after a morning running after Thor. Thor was far more energetic than he was but he did always try to keep up. He was going to have a nap and then have lessons with his mother but now he was here.
It was too bad that Steve had to leave before they could actually talk about the night before.
"I'm just saying. Between Thor and The Hulk, I think Hulk is strongest."
He didn't know what they were using. It wasn't a bow. It was loud every time it went off and he could hear something whiz by him or hit something every time it went off. That scared him even more.
"I told--" He made a face. Another small slip up but it seemed like Tony hadn't noticed. "The
"And I think..."
There was a part of Steve that realized this was how a team should have worked. In the short time they worked as a team before, in what Steve was deeming the 'first timeline', it never felt this companionable. Sure they had their moments but Bruce had made a point when he said they were just a ticking time bomb. They ran on short fuses, secrets and thin ice around each other. Inevitably it slowly lead to their downfall. This right now? Even if it was just the three of them, they were making it work. He didn't feel as tense as he used to around the both of them. Whether or not it was the previous decade or the fact they were all sharing their opinion on an equal level, didn't matter because it worked which meant his plan would work.
"They're coming!"
"No--"
Loki was watching him with interest and he looked at the boy in return.
Clint spoke at the same time as Natasha and kept on going.
before he nodded. "I can drive in with you. There will be less of an argument if it's me."
A shot rang out and they both froze. At first Tony looked down at himself on instinct, to make sure he hadn't been shot before looking at Sam. He seemed fine which meant--
"Really?"
"Loki's scepter can do a good deal of harm in the wrong hands."
Steve watched, amazed at the ease in which Clint made himself feel at home. The archer all but dove over the back of the couch while Natasha followed at her own slower pace, head shaking. Bruce was close behind, asking the both of them how things were and other social pleasantries they'd skipped over initially. Steve was going to join them, wanting to get back into that familiar feeling of having his old team back when Tony's gentle touch to his arm stopped him.
Hope this was good! I've never written something in the point of the view of a child. Getting into the mind of little Loki was fun though! I'm having fun with it!
Rumlow snorted next to the man and raised his gun, fixing it on the child in the other cell. The child, wide eyed, curled himself up in the far corner.
"Tony? C'mon. C'mon. Please please please."
Steve blinked, shaking his head and blinking back the moisture in his eyes. He'd been so wrong about Tony before. The words he'd said to Stark on the helicarrier-- to Tony they were only months ago but to Steve they were years ago. Had he ever really even apologized for that?
"I remember having lunch with my brother and mother."
Without his magic and his words he could do nothing.
He sucked in a breath and closed his eyes. '
"Tony gave it to me." He sniffled a little, sparing a glance back the way he'd came. Had they figured out he was gone now? Was Tony okay? He knew the man was taking a risk letting him escape. "He told me to get out and run until someone found me. Are you Steve? He said Steve would find me."
"Sort of. I was trained here. I was given the serum in New York."
all of that and I think the safest place you can be is with my team back in New York. We won't make you help us, it's just some place you can lie low for a little. There's no arguing."
"Stark get out--"
Where was his father?
"I won't tell Cap we screamed like little girls if you don't."
"Hey, we need him alive." Rumlow said, sounding rather bored at the situation. He could hear the sounds of something breaking inside, the rest of the team searching for what they might have in the house. In the back of his head, he made a mental note to pay Sam for the damages.
Tony took the seat next to him and Steve couldn't help but give him a look of worry. "Are you okay?"
"Steve. This is Hydra I have just as much right to go as you do. You leave me behind, I'll find my own way there."
' What was he supposed to do? Barnes was being controlled. He knew he was. The stories he heard about the man, he wouldn't have done something like that. It was all Hydra. He wouldn't place the blame on another one of Hydra's victims. They would get Barnes back for Steve and then help him fight against Hydra.
"Right now? All we have is sending me back to DC to do what I promised, running field ops with the rest of you. It'll let me get in behind the scenes and make a list of those who are potential threats and those who aren't. While I'm there, Tony and Bruce are going to keep going through the files and they'll send me whatever they find. You guys too, if you're in."
The edges of his vision were becoming dark and he spit out a weak "
Tony a heart attack with Scott's help, Loki took the Teserract and booked it. So far they'd had zero word on where he was. That was something that shouldn't have happened and he wondered briefly, how that would play into this new future.
"Who the hell is higher than Fury?"
"Yeah I know. Don't think there's anyone who doesn't know who you are Stark." The hand shake was one of the stiffest things Steve had ever seen and Tony quickly resumed holding the briefcase behind him. Rumlow's attention turned to that for the briefest of moments. "What sort of business?"
"I told you we were good, didn't I?"
In the end, he'd won the argument.
"Oh. I'm sorry."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Do you remember how you got here?" This time he shook his head and Tony sighed. "You remember anything?"
"I understand that Stark is a billionaire but I don't think he's going to be happy if he comes back to worn out floors Steve."
"I--thank-you Tony. This is more than I deserve."
Though his expression did soften when they noticed Loki there with him.
"Shit. You're kidding me. Hydra really did infiltrate SHIELD?"
"Sorry" He blurted out.
"Where's the kid?"
Once you're far enough away, they'll get the signal and come to you. All you have to do is run."
Running up to a tree, he jumped and turned into squirrel, Tony's watch clutched in his mouth. He darted up the trunk and ran along a thin branch, hopping from that tree to another and kept moving along the branches until he couldn't hold the form any longer. He dropped back down to the snow and started running again. Once the men figured it out, if they ever did, he would be a little farther. He hoped it was enough to help.
"I'm okay." He reassured quietly and when Steve tilted his head up to look at him, he enforced it with the softest smile he could muster. Suddenly the world seemed quieter, Steve's eyes seemed so much brighter and something just
Honestly the thought had slipped his mind. When the guard was on his mouth, he assumed these people took the necessary actions to keep him from doing any magic. Not that he knew much. He'd gotten as far as shape shifting. He could turn into things and his illusions were getting better. His mother was proud of how quickly he was learning. He liked how proud his mother looked and he wanted Tony to give him the same look.
"I think he's on one of the helicarriers."
"Tony?" He heard about how Tony had dragged Bucky into the elevator before he got nabbed and it made his chest hurt. Not only could he have had a Tony that wanted to help Bucky in the other time-line if he hadn't been too cowardly to tell him about his parents but now the Tony here, that was willing to help, was the one that was missing.
"No I do. We need more information. We'll be faster at this, JARVIS and I. I have to work. Thank-you Steve, really but I'm fine."
"New prototype for your gloves. Bigger charge." He beamed and when he caught Clint's pout, he reached over to pat the archers cheeks. "There's a gift for you too darling, don't worry. New quiver. The glove that goes with it can rotate the arrows and provide you with what you need based on how you move your fingers."
He stated firmly, already reaching for the button to lift the bed up a little so he could be sitting better. "Tell me now. I need to know."
"Not very big. Metal. They kept me in a cell."
"Why?"
He hoped that where ever the scepter was, Tony was with it because there was still no word on where he was. In three days they could have gotten anywhere in the confusion and there was no surveillance that captured what happened leaving them completely in the dark on where to begin.
This time Tony just sat there, staring at him.
"Alright. JARVIS get me the exact coordinates and see if you can get through to him. Contact Colonel Rhodes and let him know where to meet us." He nodded to the group already getting up to go get ready. "We leave in twenty. We shouldn't be too long Buck."
He didn't wait to hear what Steve would say next. His small legs moved and he took off into the line of trees. He'd been running in snow. He wasn't stupid. The bad men must have seen his foot prints and followed. He had to keep moving. They were bigger and probably faster.
"Tony?"
With office supplies.
Tony sucked in a breath and sank into the passenger side seat, the aches and pains from the accident slamming into him as his adrenaline died down. He shared a look with a Sam before letting out a little laugh.
Tony and Bruce, back in New York, were constantly working with the files Natasha and Clint were secretly sending their way. Tony stuck to what he said, sending them each a new phone within their first week of being in DC. They used them to share information without the risk of SHIELD seeing any of the messages.
Dinners for two were now dinners for three. The research papers found their way to the lab where both Tony and Bruce now occupied instead of the living room and Steve went with them. Tony tinkered, Bruce experimented and Steve researched with the other two occasionally chiming in or pausing to look over something he pointed out. During the week Tony hit a breakthrough, managing to sneak past SHIELD's security and have JARVIS download even more files while they went unnoticed. He didn't keep the connection long, not wanting them to lose the head start they had but this gave them more to comb through.
Took me a little longer to get this up but here we are. One more chapter left for this part and I already have the second part mostly planned out so woo! Ready to go!
"God I hope not. "
"That is not my place to say. "
"Bucky,
"Uh..." Tony's frown stayed in place and he got to his feet. Steve could see the bit of strain it took, wondering how far into the healing process he was and how he was coping without the arc reactor in his chest. He came over to Steve and patted his arm before moving to another table.
"Tony asked for a favor."
The shield man stepped onto the jet. The fighting must have been done. Loki perked up. This was Steve! He recognized the voice from the watch. Behind him was a man and a woman. The man had a metal arm and the woman looked dangerous but she smiled at him kindly.
He ran back, dragging two more unconscious bodies into the elevator, sitting them up against the wall.
"Howard." Piped Loki from where he sat. "You have people who care about you. Pepper. Rhodey. Happy. Steve--"
"I can stop it just give me a minute."
He was sure that he hadn't fallen asleep here. He avoided it because he knew this was where his 2013 self would have been.
"I like to make scene, what can I say?" He laughed, fingers dancing across the screen.
"A countdown. There's a countdown on this screen."
"Have you talked to him?"
It was almost untouched. Almost.
"Last second decision." He answered, turning his attention back on the road after Natasha prodded his elbow from the front. "Banner stayed in New York but sends his love."
"S-Sergeant...Barnes--"
"Nu uh. Just kept me in a cell but..."
As always, thanks to Cabbage, cliffbot, Daydreamer_Nightthinker, Tulvarish, Madlenita, Zoran1390, lockeher, Uko_chan and zinny (love your icon btw) for your wonderful comments!
"Not without you!"
Tony hung up and turned to the computer as he got the recording ready on his phone. "Jarvis you need to delete everything we uploaded onto this computer. Don't let them get a thing. Hey, Steve, listen. This wasn't your fault okay? I'm going to be fine. Bruce has everything. You need to call Fury when you find this. I'm sorry. I'm sorry I did this behind your back but you can trust him. Don't leave me waiting too long? Okay. Okay. Yeah. I'll be fine."
Why was he here?
"The way I see it, Barnes is your Rhodey. If I was in your position and there was a chance Rhodey was out there and still alive? I'd stop at nothing to find him and it would kill me to have no one believe me."
"I can take it off. I know how to work it. Would you like that?"
"Let me guess, you want me to build you something." It was Afghanistan all over again. Hell, it was Killian all over again. What would it be this time? Another weapon? An Extremis like virus?
It was the way Hill, Sam and even Barnes' eyes all widened at the same time that he knew what was going on before it happened. He was grabbed from behind him, a thick arm holding him at the neck so he couldn't move without choking himself. A gun came up at his side and Rumlow immediately opened fire on the elevator.
Bucky shot up, slamming his head into Steve's and caught off guard, he fell back, his head throbbing. There was a searing pain in his side, as a knife cut through his suit and he rolled away, bouncing to his feet as well as he could without falling back over. He pressed a hand to his side, not surprised when he pulled it back to see blood. Looking at Bucky who stood poised, ready to fight with the small dagger in hand, he sighed. This was going to be just as hard as the first time.
"No...Where's...What...What happened?"
"Is it about last night?"
Waking up that morning had been a little disappointing. He was so comfortable that he didn't even feel Steve leave the bed let alone the apartment and wasn't that just incredible? Him,
Tony in turn, slid at Steve's side, listening to him suck in a breath. His hands moved, gently brushing over his bruised and beaten face before he caught sight of the blood coming through his suit. Blue eyes fluttered, staring up at him dazed.
"JARVIS?"
"That...doesn't surprise me."
"We should get to work while SHIELD has the upper hand." Sam piped up, ready to get going.
"Not a word."
Sam screamed.
It was almost frustrating that Steve had to play this safe. That he had to sit through all of this information and play at not really knowing anything when he in fact, knew everything. Part of him wished he could just say it; list everything that was wrong and who was Hydra. He didn't want to sit here and waste time. The only saving grace was that since he did remember everything from before, he could make it quicker by picking everything that was suspicious and weed out everything that was safe so they didn't waste time on unnecessary things.
The second time hadn't been any better and after they'd pulled him out of that chair, they put him another and started him working on the schematics for a new suit of armor. He could work on armor. He liked armor. He had the code work for his suits memorized by now, with how often he worked on them. Hell, he'd made lot. Right? Yeah. He made lots. He'd only gotten through the design of it before they tossed him back in the cell with Loki. He repeated his mantra, word for word before spending the rest of the afternoon trying to figure out what it was he forgot while Loki talked to him about his family. Who did he forget now? Faces were blurred, names were getting hard to remember. What was his age again? Why couldn't he remember where he went to school? When he graduated?
"Fury's going to have to do a culling of his staff after this. Get better background checks going." Tony shook his head. "JARVIS, send the other files to Bruce to look at and then activate the 'Dark Knight' protocol with the members of SHIELD on our watch list. Code word Asset."
There was a moment of silence and Steve's expression pulled into a frown. Where was Tony going with this?
He and Tony were too.
In the three days since he's woken up, several things had happened. SHIELD was in the middle of clean up. They were dealing with the members of HYDRA in their ranks, figuring out the mess under the building and the media fall out. From what he heard from Natasha, they still had plenty of good, honest agents in their midst so they didn't lose too much after shining light on HYDRA. However, he did learn that in all of the confusion, Loki's scepter went missing.
And he hated it.
He should have seen the warning signs then.
"I did and you're going to have to let me tell the others that we've been working together on this."
"We need a plan, and you're going to help us."
There was a moment of silence, Tony tapping on the side of the glass while Steve stewed on the information. Getting Tony to come around to the idea was going more smoothly then he thought it would. He was worried that it would have taken him longer to get him to agree and worried that he would have to resort to divulging more information but Tony was piecing it together all on his own and pretty quickly too. He admired how quick his brain worked.
"It's exactly that." He let his legs dangle over the edge, hands resting against the mattress as he met Fury's stare. He had plenty of time to think this over in the last few days and even started getting work on his new plans.
"Hey, don't worry big guy--"
"We know. We're hoping that wherever the scepter is, Tony is."
Steve's fingers paused, tapping thoughtfully on the star in the center. Right. He let himself get distracted. He was here for a reason. Sucking in a breath, he turned to face Tony fully. His expression hardened and his smile faded. A slight tug of guilt settled in his stomach knowing he had to ruin the small moment they just had.
Steve just sighed as he left, making his way back to his own hospital room. Fury was sitting in one of the chairs, tapping his fingers together as he waited. Hill was off to side, leaning back in another chair and she sat up when he stepped into the room. Passing Fury, he took a seat back on the vacant bed.
"One--"
"The man that saved me--"
"No no no. Wait. Don't shoot him. I'll...I'll do it. I'll do it!"
The thumb drive itself was plugged into Tony's laptop, the files on screen being flicked through at an inhuman pace while JARVIS sorted through it all.
"Oh come on Nick. Let me see the new helicarriers."
He was in the living room, papers spread out with their notes when Tony brought the other up. He was quick to shake the mans hand and exchange pleasantries as if he hadn't seen him in a while.
"I'd go--" Tony cut in. "But I actually have a charity function to attend to. I wasn't originally going to go but since I was in town, I figured why not. It doubled as my cover for coming to DC in the first place."
"Thanks J."
"I don't trust Rumlow. There was something off about the conversation today. Like you being here benefited him for some reason. I'm worried they're going to try something if you go back to the hotel."
"--Natasha. Clint. Bruce. Thor. Sam. Fury. Harley. I am Iron Man." He gave the kid a small grateful smile before repeating it another few times without fail. Then he was pulling the watch out. He turned it over in his hands, looking it over curiously. He knew there was something important about this watch.
and we both know it. How am I supposed to see if you're using it properly if I can't physically see them?"
"Yeah, it would be."
"Wait wait wait--" It was the archer, Clint. "This can't be Loki. He's a child.''
"You know I wasn't aware that we were on a first name basis."
Oh. Right. He wasn't supposed to know about this. This should have been world shattering news. The first time it had been. He remembered staring into that blank face, the face of his closest friend and brother and seeing no recognition. Since that moment, the world had seemed off, tilted. He had one goal and one goal only and he buried everything else. It was something he could never admit regretting. If they'd been together from the start, things would have different.
The prompt to initiate appeared on the screen as the rest of the room came to life. Unnerved, Clint lowered his bow and stepped over. The three of them watched as the camera on top of the computer moved, a face in green slowly appearing.
"And they're Strike. You guys can make sure they get whats coming to them up there or get information out of them. I hear Romanoff is good at that sort of thing."
"Yeah, big guy. Just me. You were having a nightmare--"
"Just go Cap." Clint offered a small nod towards Bucky who was eyeing them. "I know a bit about brainwashing. Nothing as traumatic as your friends but it gives us something to talk about."
. At first Steve thought his friend had just given up but after watching him for a little while, he realized that he hadn't. He was waiting for something.
"That's
The most he had to do was call a woman named Jane in search of Thor and leave a message for him to come back to the tower. He also had JARVIS pass on the news to Pepper and Rhodes about Tony. Rhodes said he would see what he could do where he was and get in touch with some people while Pepper asked them to keep it quiet for now, not wanting to upset those on the Industry side of things. For now all he could do was wait.
Once again, shout out to Bunnyc, Uko_chan, Hostbusters, ThoughtfulBreadPolice, tsk, slightly_salty_ace, zinny and Ink-Raven (k505) for your wonderful comments! The next chapter will have a little more action and it will start jumping POV's between Steve and Tony. Hope you all enjoyed and thank you for keeping me motivated to keep this trucking along! I've also been debating making a tumblr account to post this there and maybe take requests or something. I'll think on it. Maybe when this first part is done. Anywho, see you in chapter 4!
"I wanted to come see how my repulsor technology is being used. I figured that if I called, you'd grunt, say it was working fine and hang up on me."
"We'll talk about it," Rhodey says.
That's his problem: he's always looking for patterns in what others take as random noise. Steve used to say that Tony had good intuition. What Steve didn't understand is that Tony's intuition is really just an ability to assemble environmental data collected by his subconscious into a coherent idea. It isn't art, just engineering. Tony is here in Nebraska for intuitive reasons; that his mind has yet to fully reveal the mechanisms of that reasoning is a flaw in Tony himself. It's fine. He's a work in progress. Steve used to say that art was never finished, only abandoned, but Tony isn't a work of art. Someday Tony will be transcendent, perfected, sure of himself and free from sin. Tony Stark 3.0 is on the horizon, a being so flawless that no one will ever abandon it again.
"Yeah, yeah." Rhodey shoves against him. Tony shoves back. It's all very comfortable, maybe more comfortable than he deserves, but his friendship with Rhodey has always been characterized by a wildly inappropriate lack of boundaries.
He says, "What are we for?"
"The survival rate with metahumans is higher." God, he can't
He builds a What If with Lila at the center. In this What If, Tony recognizes the hereditary defects he'd rather not pass to a child (alcoholism, depression, megalomania, an exciting but ultimately dangerous tendency to install jets in places they shouldn't be), he refuses to turn to gene engineering to eradicate those defects from progeny, he admits that the last thing he wants is to emulate his own example of fatherhood. He shuts down production on the Stark line. Faulty model, out with the rest of the trash.
Tony was used to being a commodity. He could handle bodily violation. But he wasn't a solely organic being; post-Extremis, the armor was a part of him in ways that were very real and literal. It integrated with him on a level that surpassed the merely cellular. When Ho Yinsen's son had hijacked Tony's body and Tony's brain, he had also hijacked the Iron Man, and the violation of that sanctity was almost more than Tony could bear.
SR: I'm surprised you're this far into the process.
"You're dangerous," Steve assents. "That isn't a judgment, Tony. It's a fact. We both know it."
For one hysterical moment, Tony had thought he was meant to knight the kid. He didn't have a sword, though, and they had stripped his authority and laid it out on the floor, so he couldn't grant any titles that day. What had finally cut through his remove was the almost inaudible clink of the circlet closing around his ankle. The consequence of that clink was having his brain stem pulled out the back of his skull.
Before they stripped the armor, one soldier on either side of Tony had stretched each arm out and pinned it in place like you might pin a beetle to a mounting board. The soldiers had both been members of Alpha Team equipped with powered suits of their own that were far less sophisticated but still adequately strong to restrain the Iron Man when it wasn't struggling. His belly was exposed, his vulnerable underside left open; they spread his arms and then Agent Carstairs requested in solemn recitation each of the external suit devices. "Let's have the gauntlets first," he'd said, and Tony shucked the gauntlets like you'd shuck a corncob or a fingernail, and two more soldiers of the many in the room took the gauntlets and laid them out on the floor in neat parallel lines where they were left discarded for someone else to pick over.
"Yes, Friday, I remember."
"No," Steve says. "No. You've never been enough."
STARK: Stop smirking, it isn't attractive. Let's see, the hardest part about working with Cap… is that nobody would believe how mean he is to me. Obviously I'm kidding, don't put that in the book.
Steve has something in his hand. Tony can't quite tell what it is—
: mutant or inhuman.
For a moment, Tony genuinely believes he's not going to acknowledge the question. He genuinely believes he has the strength to keep his eyes from straying to Steve. But Steve's patient; Steve knows him. If outwaiting Tony is the name of the game, Steve Rogers would wait until the end of the world.
"Of prison?" She takes her hand away from his chin. That's good, it was already too much contact, it was already more than Tony can take although he wears this body like armor, within it but separate from it. "I did what you would do, Tony. I cut a deal."
Before Stark leaves, I manage to fit in one last question. For years, rumors persisted that Stark reached out to Dr. Yinsen's wife and children to offer monetary support and was rebuffed. Instead, he funds a dossier of scholarships in Dr. Yinsen's name to sponsor underprivileged students.
"You can't take them back," she says.
Tony winks. "I can neither confirm nor deny."
And then you meet the person who's better than that.
DAEDALUS: Like I said. There aren't many people playing in your league, much less in your ballpark.
to take what they don't deserve.
"But Tony—" This, what's coming, is how he and Carol are different, because he knows what she's going to say. "That's a worst-case scenario. The government has tried to regulate mutants before, and you know how well that went."
Sleeping. Napping. He's been so tired lately—is that natural, or artificially induced? Would Yinsen's son find it easier to access his brain while sleeping?
The second stop is to down a hot cup of coffee and a burrito after Friday makes a pointed inquiry. It isn't his best idea; he hasn't eaten anything solid in months, but if his body's finally going to stop walking around, he's going to have coffee for his last meal. Some people weren't afforded that luxury, so Tony might as well enjoy it enough for both of them.
"No," Tony says. "No, it isn't." She needs to
“Jesus Christ, these kids are irritating,” Tony muttered irritably from where he was sat behind the wheel of the car, arms folded across his chest and head thrown back onto the headrest.
No one said anything as they all sat down around a glass table and mulled over what had happened less than two hours ago.
But just as he was about to open his mouth to ask who this guy was and why was he listening into private Avengers meetings he caught a glimpse of the boy’s face.
“Tony, a quick word?” As the two men left the room, Peter let himself lean back against the head of the bed, head resting back as he watched Bruce test his blood.
“I don’t like onions,” Peter says instantly like that was a deal-breaker. Steve just grins, a chuckle escaping.
Peter squirmed and refused to meet the man’s eye.
They went through more routine questions, like Clint’s and Sam’s numbers and Peter’s doctor’s information before she saved it and turned to him.
Peter raises his eyes to look at Steve and Tony, who are both smiling gently.
“If I may, sir, Captain Rogers is hearing Peter Parker, who appears to be in distress,”  JARVIS repeated monotonously, which made both men bolt upright in bed.
They both nodded and smiled and turned towards the door.
The entirety of the living room, kitchen, and dining room were open plan, the kitchen raised on a platform that you could get to by a small set of stairs all around the platform. The kitchen was mostly pristine marble and fancy equipment that Peter was too nervous too even look at, and he then moved his eyes over to the living room.
have a good day <3
“That’s very rude Steven.”
“My mistake.” Steve grinned down at his partner, leaning down to kiss him softly before smiling.
He didn’t take too long showering, having finally mastered the controls a few days ago, however, when he stepped out, he felt even worse about going out to eat. Shaking his head to relieve himself of the thoughts, he towel dries his hair and makes his way through to his closet.
“Sort of, just something legal that will make sure he is cared for while he is here. Otherwise, Peter could go to the police and say he is being held hostage or has been kidnapped. Not that he seems like the type of kid to do that just to be spiteful.”
He tensed, hands clenching around the blanket covering his body.
Settling down into the two cushions behind him, Peter watches the first half of the film with soft eyes and barely breathes too loudly so he doesn’t spoil the atmosphere he’s created for himself.
“Which of these do you like Pete? Blue or Black?”
“Where do you wanna go?” Steve asked with a smile, looking at him through the rear-view mirror and Peter just shrugged and looked out of the window at all of the other cars lined there.
“Obviously, that sweatsuit is atrocious.”
Clint’s body relaxed slightly as if he hadn’t realised he was uncomfortable and gave Peter a gentle smile.
Peter flushed red and immediately broke eye contact, staring down at his feet with his hands buried deep in his hoodie pockets.
“Go on then,” Peter replied stiffly, looking down at his drink before taking a small sip.
“So, I was thinking you’d maybe like to go out for dinner?” Tony asks, “There’s a good Thai place not too far from here. We can take the secret exit from here in ‘disguises’ and walk?”
“No.” Peter immediately refused, eyes cold and unyielding on the subject. He wasn’t letting people he’d just met take blood that would undeniably come up as strange thanks to his special mutation.
Peter looked up where Steve was gazing over some sets of sheets all ranging in colours and patterns. He raised his eyebrows, feeling his chest become tight once more.
Peter tried not to let too much excitement show on his face at the idea of being at school again, with Ned and MJ. So, he just smiled a little and nodded.
“There’s barely any good Mexican places.”
“…team meeting…”
Stephen didn’t say anything, but turned back to the clipboard in his hands, clicking his pen so he could begin to write.
Steve and Tony looked at each other for a few seconds, then Steve nodded at his boyfriend.
“Steve.” It was Natasha who had cut him off, eyes hard and untrusting at the child.
“I-I- “ Peter stammered, and suddenly he ripped the pulse monitor off his finger, throwing his legs off the bed sideways, and tried to stand.
When he wakes, he’s vaguely aware of soft talking voices and a thick blanket covering.
“Did you tell her about the foster homes, and about Garret?” That was Wanda this time, and Peter slowly felt the anger building up inside him.
“I’m sorry, Pete.” Steve murmured gently. “Tony grab the blanket, he’s freezing.”
Peter blushed, “I took some time off for dealing with my recent family situation.” He mumbled, still red.
Peter just blushed again and looked away from Tony to gaze around the mall until Steve came out looking annoyed.
“Thank you.” He paused. “And- And I’m sorry too. For not telling you where I was going or when I’d be back. I’m just not used to someone caring that much.” He whispered the last part hoarsely, glancing up briefly to see Steve and Tony’s faces soften completely.
“Careful, sit up slowly.” It was Steve, and Peter (still in a sluggish state) followed his order and sat up until he was resting against the headboard.
“We have a disguise.”
Whilst Bruce gathered all the materials, he would need for the IV, Peter strained his ears to listen to the conversation happening outside the door, but due to his fatigue and lack of concentration he could only catch a few words.
“Take it easy.” Steve murmured, handing him a water bottle, but Peter’s hands were so shaky that he couldn’t grip it properly. Tony took it from him and held it to his lips, letting him drink as much as he needed before pulling it away.
Tony pushed open a sleek white door and let Peter to go in first.
"The fact is we need to evaluate how our team works together and-"
“It was nothing, just thought quick,” Tony muttered, shy.
“Hey kid, I have to get to a meeting and Steve needs to go and help out with some new recruitments because he’s a nerd, you can stay here or go down to the common floor and watch a movie with Clint.” Tony popped his head around his door, clad in a suit and freshly washed and shaved.
Logically, he knew they wouldn’t try anything as they were in a building that was crawling with civilians and killing a fourteen-year-old street rat probably wasn’t good for press. But he could tell he was going to sleep for a while when he finally drifted off, way through the night where fewer people would be around.
After some time of both men speaking softly to him, pinned to Steve’s chest, he could feel his normal senses coming back to him and he stopped trying to get out of the grip holding him back, breathing hard and suddenly really cold.
He distantly heard Steve say something but his hands were over his ears because everything was too loud; too bright; too much.
And if Peter thought the elevator ride was bad, that was nothing compared to the journey in the car. The atmosphere was tense, and Peter stayed silent throughout, body clenched as he observed Steve’s fidgeting and Tony’s hands gripped on the steering wheel.
“There’s a really good Mexican place on 75
A loud crash cut off Steve's sentence, followed by a groan from the person who had just fallen out of the ceiling.
“Apparently I still qualify for the AP classes if I still go to tutoring after school on Wednesdays.”
“But I’m back and I’m fine.” Peter squinted his eyes in irritation and moved past the two men. “Christ you guys are tetchy.”
Peter woke with a jolt, blinking blearily as someone spoke softly.
“Yeah, it’s hard.” And when Tony didn’t say anything else, added: “When social services started going to the school trying to find me, couldn’t go anymore.”
“Clint!” Wanda hissed, cheeks matching her flaming red hair.
He tried protesting, even offering that he would prefer one of the older models but Tony had refused and Peter had been too emotionally drained to argue. So, he was sat with his phone that now contained Steve’s, Tony’s, Clint’s and Sam’s (for emergencies) and Ned’s numbers. He would’ve added MJ’s too if he had it.
Peter went to reply, then frowned.
“It’s fine. We spoke about it.”
“How about I order for you?” Tony asked him. “Give me your menu so you can’t see the price of what I’m ordering, and I’ll choose. Okay?”
“No,” Peter said immediately. He was fine with most things these doctors would ask to do, but anything that required him to take off his shirt was a no-go, they would see how skinny he was and how his ribs protruded greatly.
“Bullshit,” Tony cut in. “The kid has a 4.0 GPA and straight a’s.”
Peter’s eyebrows rose even higher, face going slightly red.
He couldn’t even begin to think about how much they were spending on him, all the money that could’ve gone to people like him.
He wants to snap at Tony, shout the words he’s thinking right in his face. But he holds back because these are the people that could dump him back to the social services at any moment, which would be living hell.
All eyes were on him now, and he sunk slightly lower in his seat, toying with his food with his fork.
Peter stammered for a minute, flustered and emotional before looking her in the eye.
A hand pushed at the front of his chest, attempting to get him to sit up straight but it took a pair of hands at his shoulders tugging back for him to get upright. When he was upright, he was pinned to a chest, and that’s when he realised, he’d been thrashing against the two pairs of hands.
As the drugs began to take effect after half an hour of staring at the ceiling was when he began to feel the inescapable pull of sleep, straining to keep them open after the trying few hours.
“He has one.” Tony cuts in, then adds: “But thanks.”
Sorry this is late
He knocked on the window gently, but the boy still jumped and turned sharply to where the noise came from, but relaxed and grinned when he saw the familiar face peeking behind the window.
Peter winced behind his mask, he hadn’t visited Ned since he stopped going to school because he started getting thinner and dirtier and Ned was actually quite perceptive if he wanted to be.
She smiled, tapping her fingers against her knee. “Yes, but do you
They were handed menus and that’s when it dawned on Peter, he was going to have choose something that required money. He licked his dry lips and looked down at the menu along with Steve and Tony who were already mumbling about sides to share, trying not to show his inner turmoil.
Peter felt his face flame again and hoped it wasn’t too obvious.
“Me too, I shouldn’t have shouted or got angry and I’m sorry,” Tony said after him, also calm and collected.
When he was done, Stephen placed the stethoscope around his neck and brought up the results from his bloodwork.
“Steve I’m comatose, I’m dead, I’m on the brink of exploding.”
It was homely.
Once he was far enough away from the tower he slipped into an unassuming alleyway and opened his backpack to bring out his suit. He quickly shucked off his sweats and hoodie and replaced it with the suit, shoving the clothes into the backpack and webbing it tightly to the side of a bin.
In truth, the shopping trip was mostly going good until Peter had to try on some clothes for sizing and fit into age 14 clothing. He had sat down in the changing room cubicle and silently heaved through a panic attack with hands clamped over his mouth until Tony asked if he was okay and come in when there was no response.
Peter let an amused smile reach his face, and chuckled. “I love that movie.”
“What’s your name?”
“Why can’t you do it?” Peter asked instead, voice untrusting and a little annoyed.
God, how much of a dick was he? Of course, other people had gone through what he has, he wasn’t the only person out there struggling with money. And worse, he had presumed that Steve was pretending to know what was going on because he was living a life of luxury now.
“Won’t people recognise you? Y’know, being superheroes n’stuff.” Both Steve and Tony turned to look at him as they walked into the mall, frowns on their faces.
“No, it’s uh, fine.” He looked away. “I’ll go and shower then I guess.”
Tony didn’t say anything as he watched Peter put on his shoes but did smile again when the boy turned around before leading him into the elevator and pressing the button down to the medical wing.
“So, Peter, how are we doing today?” Annie asked with a pleasant smile when they both sat down opposite each other on plush grey couches.
But he didn’t say anything and let himself be simply led back to the elevator and down to the med bay whilst Steve and Tony discussed in murmurs what they wanted for dinner.
“We only want to help you, you know that, right?” Tony asked softly, and Peter looked straight ahead before responding.
He felt his face flush bright red and he watched as both Steve and Tony grinned at him.
When he was finally back in his room, he dug through his bottom drawer and pulled out his suit, grinning like a mad man as he shoved it into a backpack. Part of him was tempted to just swing out of his bedroom window but even he knew that he had to be discreet when leaving Stark Tower; it was always watched.
Tony went to say something else but was cut off by the elevator doors opening to reveal everyone else sat around the TV playing Mario kart.
“I had a fever-type-flu-thing around two weeks ago, but I was only ill for a day or so.”
“Thank you for meeting with us on such short notice,” Steve said politely, choosing to let Tony sit in the middle seat.
“Whatever,” Tony grumbled, turning around to face Peter who was in the backseat and also observing his school with curiosity.
“Come on, let’s go,” Tony whined dramatically, tugging at Steve’s sleeve.
He didn’t want to look over to Steve and Tony, but when his eyes flitted to them, he wished he hadn’t. They both had faces of complete pity and sadness which just wanted to make Peter crawl into a hole and die.
“And do you have two other people to contact if either of you is not free?”
Peter felt as though he should be more nervous than he was, but in reality, coming back to school was a nice break of familiarity between everything else in his life. He missed having something he could rely on that he enjoyed.
“Good to see you again, Peter.” He shut the door when they were all in the room. “How are you feeling?”
Tony grinned, “Scout’s honour.”
He was brought out of his haze by Bruce softly calling him. He turned his head to the man to see him holding up a small casing of something called ‘banana bag’ which then listed underneath it all the supplements it had in it. He nodded and Bruce began to attach it to the IV pole before attaching the tube to it that would eventually go into Peter.
Wordlessly, he sat down at the table, not looking either Tony or Steve in the eye as he put a waffle on his plate and drizzled maple syrup over it. They ate in uncomfortable silence, the only noise cutlery on plates as they ate.
They waited out the next twenty minutes in relatively comfortable silence, waiting for all the children to get inside their lessons before Tony and Steve pulled on caps and sunglasses (making Peter roll his eyes) and they stepped out of the car.
Also, there were multiple sketch books and magazines piled up on the coffee tables next to some coasters which had some coffee rings on them, and a MIT jumper folded up next to everything.
That was the point where Steve came over with a tray that held two burgers and a pretzel covered in cheese. Taking the cardboard container from the man with a small smile, he slowly ate the food, trying not to appear too eager or hungry for real warm food.
Peter shook his head softly, and then added: “Thank you though.”
After coaching some breathing and offering him some water, peter had been left drained and just complied with picking out clothing after that.
Slowly, Steve released his grip and Peter sat forward, head spinning.
“What’s your favourite colour, Pete?” Tony asked, still looking at the road in front of him.
“But I want to watch you take the meds out of the casing and immediately administer them.” He said sharply, voice firm.
“I’ll wake him up in case he tries to attack, okay?” Steve murmured and Tony just nodded.
“Also, we’re going to get you a phone so we can contact you and you can contact us if you need to.”
Both men shared another look, passing a whole conversation between the two before turning back to Peter.
“You know, if you needed help, that wouldn’t be a bad thing.”
“I’m not that hungry, thank you,” Peter muttered quietly, making the smiles on the two older men turn slowly into frowns and they sat forward in worry.
Annie asked him a few more questions, mostly about his health or about how he was feeling about returning to school, and he gave one-or-two-word answers. Annoyingly, she never got angry or even hinted that she was annoyed, and he sort of wished she would.
“Oh, Natasha, come on.” Steve gestured to the boy to say: ‘him, really?’. “A child?”
He mostly just let Bruce work as he wiped his hands and inserted the cannula so the banana bag could serve its purpose, only pausing to read the casing of the pain relief certifying that it was, in fact, the pain relief as promised.
“I was going to recommend a therapist, once your mental health starts improving, your physical health will too.”
The ‘finished’ sign came upon Sam’s screen to show that his car had lost, and he threw his hands up in rage.
im so tired
Peter felt something deep flash in his gut, anger. He thinks:
It was Peter’s stomach that broke the quiet atmosphere, creating a loud rumble in demand for food.
Peter couldn’t stop himself from blurting out a response.
“Hey kid, sleep well?” Tony asks with a small smile, still resting against Steve’s upper body.
Steve turned off the bedside lamp and then clambered in on the other side so they were either side of the distressed boy.
The drive was mostly silence on his part, Tony and Steve doing most of the talking in a quiet voice as they moved through midday traffic.
“Don’t apologise, we’ll talk in the morning okay?” Tony reassured, helping him stand. His legs felt weak, trembling underneath him and he practically fell into his bed; still shivering as Steve pulled his duvet and two thick blankets over him.
“Well done, you're doing so well.” Steve murmured, voice low and soft.
“Come on Steve, there was like eight bags!”
Peter thought quietly to himself as he sat curled up on the couch next to Steve and Tony as they watched ‘
His eyes fluttered open, taking in another deep breath, hands clutching tightly at the bottom of his grubby flannel shirt.
“Uh, yeah.” He croaks, “What time ‘issit?”
“Like fostering?” Sam asked, eyebrows raised.
“Sorry about the mess.” Steve huffed, eyes sloping over to Tony. “I’ve tried to make everything as neat as possible but Tony manages to get his stuff everywhere no matter what I do.”
Yesterday had been pretty bad. After the ambush from Steve and Tony, Peter had locked himself in his room and not even gone out for dinner, instead of bringing out a few crackers and a protein bar from his food stash in his sock drawer and staying slightly hungry.
All in all, the car journey only lasted fifteen minutes, and when they pulled up outside the building with the gold plate stating the professionals that work there, he wished that the journey was longer.
“And we promise to try our hardest to talk to you like this instead of getting angry in the future.”
“Are you sure you’re okay with starting next Monday?” He asked, one eyebrow raised. “There’s no pressure to go back, you know.”
"Yes. I just said that." Steve responded, trying not to grow frustrated at Tony's insistent questioning and diversion to the matter.
“Well, I’m dead. If you’re going to kill me can you do it quickly? I’d prefer not to suffer in my final moments.” Steve frowned, then, to the shock of everyone in the room the blonde crouched and looked the young boy in the eyes.
“Okay, then you’re fit to go.” Stephen smiles, “Just make sure you take the pain relievers and antibiotics every morning.”
He stirs slowly, rubbing his eyes with a fist as he yawns, and moves his legs, only to find they are resting on something.
“What are we watching?” Peter asked, walking over to the sofa and slumping down into it, right after Clint.
“I didn’t like it when you got angry at me.” He didn’t dare look up, but he knew the two men shared a look.
Then it all happened really quickly.
Peter snorted, smirking at Tony who glared at Steve with bright red cheeks and a pout on his face.
“I can’t,” Peter stressed, gripping the hair on the back of his head tightly.
Peter nodded slowly, then pulled the sheet off the bed he was on around his shoulder before shimmying out the shirt and putting it on back to front.
So much for feeling happier today, this was a regular Monday.
“Of course, kiddo.”
“I know. I’ll have something back at the tower.”
“Did you sleep well?” Bruce tried again, going over to his workbench and snapping on some gloves, before turning to face his patient.
Peter obviously wouldn’t have said it, since that would have raised many unexplainable questions, but the pain relief they had administered fifteen minutes ago was already wearing off and the gentle throb in his jaw was beginning to come back.
“So, on school nights, your curfew is ten pm, and on weekends it is eleven. Okay?” Tony asked, and Peter glanced up.
Hopefully more soon, enjoy :)
“That’s all we can ask of you kid.”
“Well, are you ready to be enrolled again?” Peter nodded, then Tony added on:
“It will feel a little strange at first, having money, being able to get things that you not only need but
Tony’s head was resting on Steve’s shoulder, and Steve’s arm was thrown around Tony’s waist. It was especially nice because he could feel the atmosphere around him was warm and cosy, found in the way that Tony stole Steve’s popcorn even though he had his own bowl and in the way, Steve huffed as though he was annoyed and then kissed Tony’s forehead.
“Ready to go, kid? We thought we could go out and get some stuff for your room or some more clothes if you want?” Steve asked, eyes shining and warm.
Peter didn’t respond, just watched the new doctor move around the room, putting on a lab coat, snapping on gloves, writing notes from the tablet down on the clipboard being kept on a small desk on the opposite side of the room which he knew had his medical notes on it.
“You are?” Both Peter and Steve say at the same time, in entirely different tones.
But they could provide a bed and meals consistently whilst also dealing with his Spiderman problems, and they couldn’t outwardly abuse him because no doubt the media would be after him and that was press The Avengers didn’t want.
“Yeah, uh sorry it’s been pretty crazy recently.” He pulled off his mask and smiled sheepishly, “I got a new foster family and I decided to take some time off school to deal with everything.” It wasn’t a total lie, he did get a new foster family, but that wasn’t the reason he didn’t go to school anymore.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter blinked and looked over to Steve who looked to be also expecting an answer.
Steve could sense Natasha going to pick the boy up, keep him detained whilst they got answers and he raised his hand to halt any kind of movement or speech from anyone in the room.
“There’s breakfast if you want some, I made waffles.” Peter would’ve felt bad at the man’s desperate voice if he didn’t remember that he had to go and see a therapist. “Look, Peter, you have every right to be mad but you need food and if you don’t come out, I’ll get Jarvis to unlock the door.”
Peter squinted his eyes a little, wearily. “Fine.” He repeated, leaning back so his back hit the cushions.
“Peter?” Sam asked when the game ended, waving the controller in what was supposed to be an enticing way. “You know you want to.”
“Uh, thanks.”
Tony looked away in thought, hummed and then looked back at him with a smile.
Also, I talk about the American schooling and grading systems in this book but I'm British so I know fuck all but what I know from glee pretty much. If there's anything wrong feel free to tell me :)
"Mandatory training sessions?"
“You’re full.” Steve pressed fondly, scratching his fingers through Tony’s hair as the latter leant against him in just his pyjama pants.
“No, I’m good thanks, Clint.” Peter smiled a little, shifting slightly. Clint smiled back, but it seemed forced and his body tensed.
She typed both of their names in, then spoke again.
“Don’t mock.” Steve scolded, eyebrows furrowing. “Anyway, you like Star Trek, from what I’ve heard: that’s worse.”
Peter stilled, entire body locked and frozen, and he found that no words would come out, despite how much he wanted to scream at everyone about everything in his life that was unfair.
“Is there anything for me to do in here?” He asked, clutching his hands around the scratchy hospital blankets. “You know, for fun?”
“Okay, okay,” Steve muttered, following Tony. “You’d think you were the one with the enhanced metabolism or something,”
“Woah kid, come on, back to bed.” It was Tony by his side, gently hovering his hands around Peter so that if he fell, he would be caught.
“I know that.” He muttered.
Peter let out another cry, and Peter leant out a hand to gently shake the boy, which seemed to do more.
He debated not mentioning it, leaving Clint be. But he didn’t like seeing the man uncomfortable, so he took a deep breath and turned towards him.
“Eat the food and get some more rest.” Steve smiled. “We’ll wake you later.”
“Noted, no onions.”
“I think it’s caused you to contract a bacterial chest infection, which is easily enough treated with antibiotics.” He then eyed Peter thoughtfully. “How’s your diet been in the past few months.”
A few days ago, Tony had asked him why he wasn’t wearing his new clothes and Peter had begun flushing and stuttering and so Steve had jumped in with a
“You’d do better if you could make advanced phones that are affordable to the younger generation,” Peter muttered, picking at his sleeves, then slapped his hand over his mouth. “Oh my god. I’m so sorry.”
“I vote that Italian place down the street.”
Feeling too choked up to talk, he just nodded and slid further down into the covers, still not making eye contact with either of them.
Swinging through the city brought a smile to his face that could only ever be achieved by doing this, he let out a hearty whoop as he flipped up and onto the roof of a nearby building, panting a little after his small twenty-minute workout. Usually, he wouldn’t be this out of breath, but he figured that he was still recovering from a chest infection so it wasn’t too bad.
Steve and Tony hopped out of bed, the latter right behind the former as they sped walked down the hall and then into Peter’s room.
“We’re leaving at eleven to go and see Annie, your therapist.” Peter paused, debated turning around and shouting fuck off, but instead he didn’t respond and just walked over to the sink to rinse off his plate before setting it into the dishwasher and heading back to his room.
Maybe if he just shut his eyes for a minute, that would fend off the lingering fatigue. That was probably a bad idea, but he was used to them.
Peter felt lighter upon walking back into Stark Tower, a smile etched onto his face and a spring in his step. He had almost forgotten that he had lied to get out he was that happy until the elevator doors opened and he stepped out into the common floor.
“See you tomorrow, kid.” Tony says softly, at the same time Steve says ‘night’ and then they both turn towards the door hand in hand.
Tony and Steve chatted about nothing as they walked down the hallway to the elevator, the ride down to the garage and all the way through the garage until they got to a sleek grey Mercedes. Peter tried not to look at it as Tony went around to the driver’s side and opened the door because it was obvious the car was worth a lot of money and he was wearing jeans he hadn’t washed in at least a week.
“If you worried about the fact that we’ll figure out that you’re that spider-ling, don’t worry, we already know.”
“I’m fine with the set I have, I can wash them in a day.”
Annie was a slim woman, dark skin contrasting brilliantly against her yellow long-sleeved top and denim washed out dungarees. Her dark curly hair was braided back into two thick braids down the side of her hair and a few loose pieces fell against her forehead, framing her round face. Her eyes were kind and warm, dark hazel, they sort of reminded him of May’s.
“Bruce.” It was Tony who spoke first, hand still clutching at a tablet. “What can you tell us about his physical health?”
Peter stayed silent, still staring down at his water and began tapping his fingers against the glass.
“I’m good thanks, I’ll start on lunch,” Steve replied, stepping back away from the group to the kitchen.
Clutching his backpack straps tight, he stood and almost imperceptibly nodded, trying to take some deep breaths through his nose to calm the anxiety in his chest.
“I don’t know? A pretzel?” He tried not to roll his eyes when Steve grinned and nodded before telling them he’d go and grab the food, and letting Tony guide him to the table.
But currently, he was sat on the sofa in the penthouse, wrapped in two blankets and reading ‘when Hitler stole pink rabbit’ which he was around halfway through. He’d was comfortably warm and cosy so he knew when he had to get up later it would be a problem, especially when he knew it was for going to the medical ward.
“Fine, Mexican?”
“Eat up quick,” Sam muttered from next to him. “These guys eat like savages.”
He was due to go and get checked later in the day for how his chest infection was getting better. He could feel his chest was better but every time he coughed and wheezed, he felt tired and worn out and Steve winced each time he did it. Still, he was dreading going back.
“How has your week been since living at the tower?” She asked then, smiling widely.
“Peter? You okay?” Bruce asked, noticing how Peter’s heart rate was beginning to rapidly increase from the monitor by his bed.
“Good competition?” Peter manages to ask Tony when the older man joins him on the bench outside the shop.
“I thought we made progress, which is really positive for our first meeting.” She smiled warmly. “What did you think, Peter?”
He carefully clambered out the thin material so they could finally see the torn jeans he had been wearing underneath, before expertly rolling up the sleeping bag and stuffing it in a battered rucksack that had fallen out with him.
I thought this chapter would be up on Wednesday but I've had a few exams this week and then my internet was down on Thursday so I'm really sorry that this is going up so late! On the bright side, I think I'll be posting twice a week, on no particular days :)
On top of that, he had three nightmares and barely gotten any sleep, so instead spent the remaining hours of the night having Jarvis read him Chemistry textbooks and studies, even going as far as reading some famous papers on interesting subjects.
The man took the stethoscope off his neck and placed the earpieces in his ears before gesturing to his top.
“And we’ll be in the living room if you need us, just shout or ask JARVIS to get us,” Steve told him, making Peter nod again.
“God Steve, use your fucking head. He fell out of the ceiling in a sleeping bag.” Clint groused, hands clenched on the table, eyes down and angry.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay, well thank you for telling us that,” Steve said and then smiled lightly. “But to keep you safe, we need to know where you are at all times and how to reach you.”
Sorry for the long wait!
“Well, we’ll take you shopping anyway, just in case.”
“You were good with Peter today at dinner, I wouldn’t be able to think of a solution like that.” He watched as Tony blushed; the brunette never was good at receiving compliments (especially if they were related to his parenting skills) and then turned to hug his small body around Steve’s
“How about you leave your shirt on? You can flip it around so Dr. Strange can listen to your back and then he can put it under your shirt?” Steve asked, voice gentle, all soft and warm and the kind of thing that made Peter want to cry because it reminded him of aunt may.
No one said anything as they filed into the meeting room one over from where a fourteen-year-old enhanced superhero literally fell into their lives.
Promptly ignoring the blonde, Tony turned to Peter and told him they’d be back at around six and if he needed anything, he could ask Jarvis to call them but the others would be more than happy to help with anything he needed.
“Again, everything is fine.”
“I just don’t get the big deal!” He snapped. “I’m back in one piece!”
Peter didn’t say anything for a bit, then sighed out crossly.
Peter didn’t say anything, but simply nodded his head slightly and looked away from the two men over to the door where he could see Steve Rogers and Natasha Romanov talking heatedly outside: about him.
“Look, I don’t know what the big deal is. I just went to my friend’s house for a few hours. I’m back, aren’t I?”
“Peter?” Tony asked again when the boy failed to respond, and he quickly turned to Stephen.
He desperately tried not to look over at Steve, whose eyebrows were drawn in sympathy; and care?
This boy was a child, no older than fourteen.
“Hey, Pete?” Peter hummed in Steve’s general direction. “Which of these sheets do you like? We need to get you more than just the set in your room right now.”
“Not usually as bad as this.” Tony just nodded, and then that’s when Steve returned with a cup of ice water and a few squares of chocolate. Once Peter had consumed both, he laid back down and pulled his Star Wars bedding back over his body.
He was sat on a pristinely made cot-bed that had a comfier mattress and sheets then he’d ever had, with his rucksack on his lap, clutching onto the straps as he watched Tony Stark murmur something inaudible to Bruce Banner, even with his super hearing.
“Oh my god! Peter!” Suddenly arms were thrown around him and he belatedly recognised it as Steve just as the man pulled away.
“Hey kid, you feeling okay?” Tony asked, sending him a smile.
“What does it say?” Peter asked, suddenly, like he hadn’t thought about asking it before he did. “My blood, I mean. I’ve always wanted to test it but I never could.”
“Time to go, kid.”
“I know,” Peter said quietly.
“Sure.” He replied quietly, pushing his plate away, suddenly feeling sick. “That sounds fine.”
“Just routine checks, he’ll need to check your chest again to see how the infection is.” Peter just nodded and they stayed in comfortable silence until the doors opened and they were met with Steve, smiling with hands buried in his pockets.
He could hear someone sigh and his shoulders tensed as he waited for the shout or slap or insult, but instead, the car just began reversing and Tony and Steve started talking about going to some homeware store for things for his room.
“Peter-“ Steve said softly, trying to placate the angry boy.
Bruce chuckled, “Save it for architecture.”
“Come on. Deep breaths, in and out. Just like that.” Steve slowly coached his breathing, and Peter had no other choice but to obey, in fear of passing out around the four unknown men.
“He wouldn’t let me listen to his breathing but just from sitting next to him I could hear how his chest was crackling as he breathed, so he probably has pneumonia, or at the least a bad chest infection.”
“My bag stays with me the entire time.”
“Because I’m supposed to be helping you,” Annie answered calmly, eyes soft.
Just as Bruce was peeling off his gloves, was when Steve came back in, face pinched in frustration and worry.
Peter gazed around all of the different options, feeling the tight feeling come back in his chest just from all the options and the prices that came next to it.
Had he been sick? His past couple of months kind of blurred all into one, and with his new spider enhancements, he technically couldn’t get sick. But he does remember having a pretty bad headache, fever-driven flu a couple of weeks ago. So were his spider enhancements failing?
“No toaster needs eleven settings; we’ve been over this.” Clint defended himself as the door opened seconds later, and Peter snickered, following the two men out of the elevator.
The boy squinted in disbelief, then said:
“Oh, well that’s good,” Bruce said slowly. “See you guys at dinner.”
The room was spacious, but not so big it made him uncomfortable, and he could feel some tension slipping from his shoulders just from that. There was a large double bed in the middle of one wall adorned with a thick duvet and four huge pillows all dressed in the same grey and navy chequered bedding.
But his legs wouldn’t co-operate, they felt like sand and he was sort of aware that his breathing was coming out in shallow pants that made his head go fuzzy and panic swell up in his chest.
“Kid we have plenty of orange juice here, you can take as much as you want,” Tony muttered as he continued to type away on his tablet absentmindedly.
“We need to talk.” Peter paused from where he was pouring himself a glass of water at the sound of Steve’s voice and he turned around to face both males who were dressed and stood on the opposite side of the island.
Then, Stephen turned around and smiled, coming over to the end of Peter’s bed.
, he thought idly,
“Hey, hey. It’s okay.” Steve said gently when he saw that Peter was getting worked up, resting a hand on the boy’s arm and making him look up from the table. “Pick what you like. It’s no problem.”
Peter could feel their eyes on him but decided that he was going to be stubborn and not look back, eating quickly so he could retreat to his room quicker. Just as he was about to get up to take his plate to the dishwasher, thankful he managed to eat in record time, Tony spoke up.
“Hey, no one is gonna kill you.” He said softly, gazing down at the thin blue sleeping bag the boy’s lower half was still tangled up in from the fall.
“Is he like this all the time?”
“Salted or sweet?”
“What are you up for?”
“I’m not a medical doctor, Peter. I can say what I think personally, but we need a doctor to tell us how to treat you in a professional opinion.”
Peter didn’t respond once more, eyeing Tony suspiciously before speaking.
“Do you think we could take some blood, kid? Check your levels and-“
“Hey, guys – wanna play?” Clint asked, only briefly looking over his shoulder so he could keep his eyes on where his kart was going.
Sorry this chapter is crap, hopefully more soon if my back to school week isn't bad :)
And as Peter watches Marlin and Nemo reunite, Peter thinks back on the time when his Uncle Ben and Aunt May had promised him that if he was ever lost, that they would find him and make sure he knew he was loved.
“So, I hear you’ve not eaten much of your lunch?” Stephen says immediately upon coming into his room on the med bay. He raises his eyes from his chart to look at Peter.
“Goodnight.” Peter murmurs softly just as they open the door and leave with yet more smiles.
Peter thinks. And then runs his options once more.
She nodded, then tapped her pen on the desk.
I hope everything is good for you guys!
“It’ll be a little odd at first,” Steve said gently. “It took me a while to get used to it too.”
He wondered what Peter had seen, out in the streets of New York as a young boy. Sitting day after day in cold alleys and wishing he was anywhere else but there. He found himself yearning to march into Peter’s room and wrap him up in a million blankets and hand feed him homemade food and tell him he was safe and would be taken care of.
“Isn’t Midtown High a private school?”
“Oh! that reminds me.” Steve exclaimed, making Peter look to him in confusion. “Do you mind Happy taking you to school on the days Tony and I can’t?” Peter frowned; he hadn’t been expecting anyone to take him to school.
“We’ll do it.”
“What is this: twenty questions?” He responded; eyebrows raised. Then he added: “Blue.”
Tony snorted, then stuck his hands in the pockets of his jeans, grinning at Peter before mumbling about it being a fair point.
Everyone blinked at him a bit.
Both Steve and Tony seemed at a loss for words, but at least they had the decency to look sheepish.
“If you wanted to help me, you should’ve asked first.”
“Nothing to write home about, SI is better.” Tony bragged, smirking.
After their conversation, Steve had made a hearty breakfast of thick fluffy pancakes with crispy bacon and doused in maple syrup and they had eaten whilst Tony had walked him through his new phone (which Peter was horrified to learn was the newest StarkTech model, valued around two thousand dollars).
Peter smiled shyly, taking a few more bites when it was Clint who spoke up next.
“No!” Peter shot up as both older men stood, his eyes panicked and he reached out to grab Tony’s hand and looking between the two. “Please don’t go.”
“Don’t apologise, you have nothing to apologise for.” He said softly. “We just want to help you.”
“There is nothing to be sorry for, kid,” Tony responded softly and laid down flat next to him, though he didn’t cover his face.
“I-I can’t do that.” He murmurs quietly. “But I can try.”
He vaguely hears Stephen ask about if he was feeling out of breath or nauseous or still in pain from his jaw, and he just shakes his head without looking at him, trying not to meet eyes with either of his new foster parents because he had a feeling of tightness in his chest.
“Have you been ill recently? Flu, or even feeling under the weather?”
When neither of them responded, embarrassed and quiet, Peter let out a puff of air.
The restaurant they were at was nice. It reminded Peter of the Indian place he used to go to with May and that made him smile slightly as they were seated. It was homely and petite, lightbulbs hanging off ropes dangling over circular light wooden tables with mismatched chairs creating a pleasant atmosphere.
Maybe he didn’t want to go because he didn’t want to admit that he was having trouble sleeping without seeing Aunt May, or maybe it was because he wanted to just think everything was normal for a few days. Either way, he didn’t want to go.
Peter takes it hesitantly then, taking a large gulp and then another. It’s stupid that he wants to test for food and drink before consuming them, especially because if these guys wanted to do it, they’ve had multiple chances since he arrived.
“What courses do you like the most?” Bruce asked again, seemingly genuinely interested.
“I know who you are.” The boy replied instantly, still observing Steve with untrusting eyes.
“You want me, the homeless boy who fell through your ceiling, to live with you guys?” Peter asked, smirking at just the mere thought.
“Kid, whilst it may have never happened before, it could happen again.” He says gently, eyes soft. “We need to know you will let us help you if it does.”
Peter doesn’t say anything, just looks over to the other side of the room where his bed is now made primly and he tugs his ankle a little to make sure that his foot is still wrapped around his ratty backpack.
“Quit whining. Here.” Steve peeled them off and threw them onto his own burger before looking at Tony with a face that read ‘happy now?’.
“I think you’re the only sixteen-year-old who does.” Clint snorted, and Peter blushed again, shoving a piece of pancake in his mouth. Thankfully, the subject moved onto the new training schemes Tony had set up and were available for test runs, and Peter listened carefully, still eating.
“Okay, kiddo,” Tony said immediately, sitting back down and getting under the covers next to the teen. “We’ll stay.”
God, if there was an avengers-level threat right now that would be really helpful.
Peter didn’t respond, shuffling on his feet yet again before turning to face the two doors opposite his bed.
“You’re looking good, son.” Steve smiled from behind the kitchen counter, clad in a dark blue t-shirt with a leather jacket. Tony was dressed similarly casual in just a blue Nike hoodie with some jeans and had their ‘disguises’ in his hands.
“I see you finally found the tv, about time kid.” Tony jokes and Peter raises a small smile, before turning to Dr. Strange who is beginning to put on rubber gloves.
“Stephen Strange.” He then turned back to the tablet, missing Peter’s hard glare, but feeling it burn into his head.
“We’re not that bad to live with, really,” Steve says with a hesitant smile, hands perched neatly in his lap as he talks to Peter.
It was silent for another few minutes, each person processing.
They made they’re way over to the room where Doctor Strange was situated, and when they reached the room, they were greeted by the man in a lab coat with a small smile.
“Well next time, you decide to share my personal history, try and go to the next room.”
“Okay.” Tony agreed, and Peter felt a grin split his face apart. “But you have to message us when you’re on the way home and not stop anywhere that you’re not supposed to.” He said firmly, and Peter nodded.
“Sometimes it feels like it, I swear Stevie.” Peter snorted, digging his hands deep in his jean’s pockets.
“Well your blood tells us that your glucose levels are a little lower than I’d like, and so are your iron and calcium levels.” Bruce looked from the computers to Peter with a small frown. “Have you been experiencing dizzy spells? Moments of breathlessness?  Fatigue?”
Oh, that made sense. Peter thought about telling the man he wasn’t hungry and that he was fine, but he could always eat more and the man seemed tense and uncomfortable.
The pair nodded and began a discussion on the new training schemes, so Peter felt okay to just slip away into his bedroom and shut the door on the noise.
“Grew up in the depression, son.”
Maybe it was the fact he was sleep-deprived, maybe it was the fact he had some more nightmares last night or maybe it was because he was feeling brave: but he spoke firmly.
Steve grinned, then dumped them into the shopping cart, turning to the other side of the aisle at the throws.
“So, Peter, I’ve noticed that your school has reported you absent for the last two months,” Tony stated, looking at him dead in the eye. “You went to Midtown High, right? That’s a tough school to get into.”
“I don’t know if that’s a good idea-“ Steve started, but Peter cut him off quickly.
“Morning Peter.” Peter could tell Bruce tried sounding as cheery as possible as he came through the door of Peter’s room on the medical wing with Tony, Steve and a man he didn’t recognise all following behind him.
Whilst she typed in the numbers, her nails clicking on the keyboard was all that was heard save for the shuffling of Peter’s feet on the carpet floors.
But he simply just ran a comb through his drying curls and then slid his new phone into his back pocket.
“I’m sorry?”
“Mr Stark. Captain Rogers. My names are Mrs. Lowitz.” She greeted, extending a hand for them to shake; which they did. “Lovely to be meeting with you.” She flattened the back of her skirt as she sat back down, crossing one leg over the other before gesturing for them to sit.
Once Bruce finished, Tony didn’t speak for a few seconds before he pressed a button on his tablet so the boy’s file was open for everyone to see.
“Mostly bio-chem courses. I like maths too.” He paused and then added. “Though I highly doubt I’ll need trigonometry in my daily life.”
“If you get hungry or want something to eat, there will be stuff in the kitchen in the common room for you to eat. But don’t ask Clint for anything, he’s banned from kitchen duty for a week.”
Stephen just smiles, bids them farewell and leaves them in the room quietly, off back to the Sanctorum for the rest of his day.
“Do you have any questions or anything you want to tell us?” He asked gently.
“Okay, well do you mind telling us why you were in our vents?” The kid didn’t reply as quick that time, obviously deciding what to say as he looked Steve right in the eye.
“Why? You’re not my fucking dad.” Peter said hotly, anger pooling deep in him. “What gives you guys the right to tell me what I can and can’t do?”
The doors still creaked when they opened, there was still a crack in the cream coloured wall to the left of him where Tyson Murphy and Eddie Nixon had got into a fight and the third light on the left was still flickering.
“Thank you,” Peter muttered, shuffling down so only the top of his face was out of the bed.
“Yes. But it’s better.” He murmured, and sat down on the bed when Stephen gestured.
It wasn’t what he imagined Tony Stark’s living room to look like. There were plush grey couches that could easily fit eight or so people as well as multiple armchairs, most of which probably cost more than he was worth. But there were hand-knitted blankets in various colours strewn about and scatter cushions that were pressed into the couch cushions from use.
“I know,” Peter said quietly, pulling his jumper sleeves past his hands. “I wanna go back.”
“The amazing, the fabulous, my most favourite ever movie. It’s Tangled.” He made jazz hands, eyes lighting up.
“Every night?” Tony questioned, and Peter nodded, trying to discreetly wipe away a tear.
But to his surprise, Tony just laughed.
“Jesus kid, no. We want to keep an eye on your glucose levels and to see if Steve’s super-soldier pain relief won’t burn through your bloodstream like the last lot just did.”
“Even if you think that I’m still supposed to help you with whatever you need.” She said gently, not once getting mad or even indicating that she was angry.
Peter nodded once more, then added:
but here it is
Peter didn’t say anything, but smirked, the first smile that he had uttered towards anyone in the last hour.
“We think so, she specialises in child trauma and is free for two sessions a week, so she’s ideal,” Steve responds, clear as day, as though the person he is talking about isn’t about ten feet away.
Slowly, Peter lowered his hands when he realised what had just come out of his mouth and blinked a few times before looking up slowly to see everyone’s face. Sam was completely still, eyes wide and eyebrows raised.
Tony carefully sat next to the boy, a calm presence.
So, he simply nodded, and he held out his arm so Bruce could extract a few vials of his blood, not even flinching at the pinch of the needle.
Peter flushed red but unbuttoned the first few buttons of his flannel so Stephen could listen to his chest. He tried not to look at the two men in the corner but when Stephen pulled away and started speaking about how his chest sounded better but he needed to continue taking antibiotics, he caught the eyes of Steve who was looking down at his feet with his face grimaced. Peter looked away again.
“Fine but can you make sure that any injuries I sustain aren’t life-threatening: I don’t have health insurance.”
“N-no. Fuck off.” Peter tried pushing Tony away, but in his weak nature he just kind of pushed himself away from the man and he stumbled backward, where Steve moved quickly to catch him.
“God, you’re shivering. Let’s get you back downstairs and into bed.” Steve fussed, opening the door open again so Peter could walk out first.
Steve’s mouth hung open, and just as he was about to reply, Tony rounded the corner.
So, all in all, the past day or so hadn’t been brilliant, especially since he hadn’t given Steve or Tony a chance to talk to him; until now.
Peter nodded, trying not to make it too jerky, and shifted on each foot as he took in the room fully.
“Clint?” He said slowly. “Are you okay?”
He handed the tub to Peter and sat again, gesturing for the boy to open the tub and then promptly shoving his spoon inside and grabbing a spoonful of chocolate ice cream and marshmallows.
“Why are you so insistent?” Peter snapped before he could stop himself, suddenly clenching his fists in anger.
“I barely notice it.”
No, he couldn’t do that, that was petty and mean and not what they deserved (even if they had been total asshats by not asking him if he wanted therapy). He wasn’t even sure why he was so against going to therapy, he knew a lot of people would kill to be able to get the help they needed but not being able to afford it, so he was lucky really.
DAEDALUS: Everything is harder than you make it look.
[REDACTED]
ROGERS: And that's another one of the more difficult things about knowing you.
"Tell him thanks for asking," he says. "And send Carol a bouquet of flowers. No, hold on—get her some Red Sox tickets. Best seats available for the rest of the postseason."
"No, Hill is right," Iron Man cuts in. "We have one shot at this. Lay the trap, draw them out, take them into custody. Hill, authorize the transfer of all top-tier resistors to Prison 42. Move Barton last. In fact, drive him straight through the city to the Ryker's Island gate. We're going to stage a breakout—make it look like he got away just long enough to send a message about a back door into the prison to his allies. Rogers won't be able to resist."
"Are you kidding?" Tony settles his elbow on the arm of his chair and props his chin in his hand. "I was caught off-guard every day. If I'd forecasted this correctly, it wouldn't have happened at all."
The idea that Tony is some noble savior taking on this burden to protect his friends is a What If he disallows. He strikes it from the record. It's sloppy and inaccurate; Tony is building a better world for his own selfish ends. There's no other truth to be had.
STARK: Dodging the question, Cap?
. You're here because you think that the mountains of debt, the years spent toiling for a scrap of paper, all those nasty things you do to each other for just a little more lab time, you're here because you think the end goal makes all that suffering worth it. You think that with innovation, with an open flow of ideas, that with rigorous testing, skepticism, and clear eyes, we can build tomorrow.
What he can't stop thinking about is how he told them yes.
"Good wording," Tony shoots off. "That wording always leads somewhere good. What is it? Graviton's parole? Registration bill? Foundation gala?" They'd covered all of those in the meeting, he knows, he was there, Extremis was there, making up for Tony's wandering attention, making him better.
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic," Friday recites. "Not that, though. The divination. Prophecy. Foreknowledge obtained by some black art." Part of Friday will always be the precocious, dramatic brat whose birth took Tony's life by storm. Her childhood was short, as her nature as a synthetic being dictated, but for all her youthful hellfire he sometimes wished it had lasted longer.
Tony shrugs. Below, Columbus Circle is a bustle of traffic; his eyes focus well enough now that he can pick out individual faces in the ambient light. "You were torn away from your home, Cap. Nobody can blame you for taking a look at our brave new world and wanting to turn back the clock. God knows I would."
Tony rolls with the punch. Steve didn't put the full force of his body behind it; it's a warning, hard enough to bruise but not hard enough to kill. His grip on Steve breaks. Despite the support of the armor, he staggers. Takes a step back.
TS: I could go public with this.
TS: How far is the drive to Omaha?
Iron Man gasps for air. Gasps again. Manages to say, "Sue."
He finishes building Prison 42.
Tony shoves back from the table, sends his chair wheeling across from the room until he's far, far, far away enough to shoot to his feet without standing chest-to-chest with Steve. He runs his hands through his hair, over his beard, and ends up with them in his pockets.
She knows, that's what this bullshit is about; here's Tony trying to make polite conversation, and she
BIRCH: Colonel Danvers has been very publicly appreciative of how you sponsored her in Alcoholics Anonymous.
At 6:03:08, Steve hauls himself to his feet and swings his shield edge-first at Iron Man's face. It's brutally, impossibly fast; anyone else would be left in the dust. On the third swing, Iron Man catches the shield and rips it away.
despite any evidence whatsoever—just another comorbid condition, just one more thing to excise from Tony Stark 3.0. Now he has no problem with the reality of it. Of course he doesn't. He could fuck a man if he wanted. He could fall in love with a man if he wanted. He could fall in love with a man if he didn't want, could find himself in a one-sided love story without his consent.
If you rewound the footage, you'd see this:
STARK: I think you're forgetting about Jan there. She's been around just as long as I have.
, would be the kindest word. He bypasses the closet and takes a turn into a bathroom that could almost contain a public swimming pool. Turns on the showers, scrubs, rinses. He lets himself have the duration of a moment to build a What If. It's a private What If, and if he had the time and energy he'd let it grow into something more lovely and intimate, would maybe even take the time to jerk himself off. One of the reasons Tony likes sex—maybe the primary reason—is that sex is a release of tension. He badly needs release, but no masturbatory fantasy could remove the sword hanging point-down over his head.
"And the rest of the resistors are still at Fort Hammond?"
—would like to keep you as Director of SHIELD for as long as possible." Translation: I'm going to bring you back into the fold, which means if you screw up, my head's on the chopping block. Maybe he and Jack really are friends; or maybe Tony's definition of friend involves business deals and golf courses. Maya wouldn't golf, but Happy would have.
Actually, I have a doctorate—no, I'm kidding, I'm being flippant again. You're referring to the actions I took against Justin Hammer and his buyers when he stole my technology and made it available on the black market, I'm guessing?
"Anyone else?" he asks.
"And you don't regret—?"
BIRCH: You've been pretty open yourself about your struggles with alcoholism.
"Sounds an awful lot like you want to stop taking military contracts completely," Rhodey says, reliably non-judgmental. Rhodey's one of his favorite people, not only because he refuses to catch Tony a break but also because he's supportive of Tony doing what he thinks is
"It's not too late to end this," Tony says, right on the edge of begging. "I can get you a reduced sentence, make sure your family can visit—"
Steve turns his head, looks at Tony, raises an eyebrow. Cap's eyelashes are a very fine wheat blond that makes them almost invisible in certain lighting. What Tony feels in that moment is strong enough to choke him.
Pepper is there in the front. So is Rhodey. Iron Man watches from a distance, magnifying the scene through his optical display. It's almost like he's really there. There's a priest by the grave, along with half of Happy's boxing club and what looks like the entirety of his church. Someone says a couple of nice things. Pepper cries. They put Happy in the ground then, and everything else is reduced to irrelevance.
He's two-thirds of the way down the long side. Tony is almost exactly opposite. "You're a blind idiot if you think isolation's the answer," he retorts. "Most of us don't have the same resources as Captain America."
"I need more than that—"
"Go to hell," Tony says.
"Fix it," Steve says. "Or I'm benching you."
The thing that made lithium useful even beyond its medical value was its application in batteries. You could make disposable batteries with metallic lithium, or rechargeable batteries from lithium-ion. There isn't nearly as much lithium on Earth as there is iron, which was going to be a problem eventually but wouldn't a problem in Tony's lifetime. He still worries about it, though; someone has to.
What if Tony is throwing everything he once cherished away for a hollow victory?
"Do you really think I could love you, Tony?" Steve says, and oh how Tony wants, in that one moment he feels every moment of every hour of every month of every year of yearning, all the sweet bitter aching devotion he's ever felt for Steve, all the hopeless desperate hunger that he packed down deep.
The shield is on the table beside him. So impossible does the current state of the universe seem that Tony half-expects the chest beneath that shield to be heaving as it sucks in oxygen to pump through the great heart that should by all measures of goodness still be beating.
"Yeah," Tony says. "Yeah. If only politics were hackable."
. Bleed too much? Extremis. Not strong enough? Extremis. Need a direct neural interface to your superhero suit? Extremis.
Make all the homophobic jokes about Arthur and Lancelot you want; the
STARK: She got to you already, didn't she. So what's the protocol here? Do I tell you my whole life story in one sitting?
HH: No, but that doesn't mean you're doin' anything different now than you were then. This is damage control. Maybe Cap and the rest of 'em don't see it, but I know you.
"I want it."
At this point, to Carol, the argument is abstract. She feels threats in her gut; that's not a slight against Danvers, who is a great tactician, a great leader, great to have on your side in a fight. But she feels threats in her gut. Tony constructs the future. He knows where this is going, knows that the last straw is coming, knows that on that last-straw day the good old U.S. of A. will be going on a witchhunt that calls not for blood but for
"An engine," Tony counters. "For war."
He's at the edge of exhaustion where even sleep won't help. An hour and a half on his cot in the workshop after Carol left had done nothing but make him wired, jittery, unable to focus or to let go enough to relax. Friday knew better than to let him work when he hit a wall like that, though, and she had insulted and coaxed him by turns until he finally fell into the elevator and retreated to the residential floors.
But apparently those in power are willing to buy in to Stark's charade, because he has once again been entrusted with political power he hasn't earned. Instead of using his celebrity status to drum up support and funding, Stark is serving as an official consultant both to SHIELD and to the Department of Defense; he's running the only government-sanctioned (but not the
He ruined Boynton to make himself
"Tony…" Steve says. He's on his feet, leaning against the edge of the table so he faces Tony. "We need to talk."
"Okay."
The footsteps following him down the hall halt. Tony can feel the gravity of that great body pulling at him. His tidal-lock orbit was momentarily disturbed, but they both know he'll fall back into it—always facing Steve, unable to look away unless rattled by an event of catastrophic proportions.
"Pepper—" His heartrate is rising again; he activates a biofeedback routine to suppress it. "Pep. You have—there's his living will, his power of attorney, you don't need me to—"
A rebirth: newly sober, struggling to set his company to right—
He's tired. He's so tired, but he doesn't sleep anymore, doesn't need to sleep. Sleep is an outdated function. Tony is something new, something better, he can be better, he does better, he takes responsibility. Tick-tick-tick-boom. He has to take responsibility, because he's finding it increasingly difficult to remember why he cares about all of it or about any of it. The universe is vast and immense and dying a slow heat-death and humans think they're impressive for having lasted as long as a sneeze and did it really matter? Steve thought it mattered. What if Steve was wrong?
JV: The moon landing blew his mind.
When Tony was a kid, he lived in the Air & Space Museum. Not literally, except for the one time he'd given his au pair the slip and spent a memorable night dreaming about chemical propellants while slumbering next to a space shuttle, but every time his old man caught a flight to DC, Tony begged and begged to be brought along. He usually begged his mother, who was sometimes sad or distant but who was never cruel; but if he was desperate enough, he would approach his father. It was worth it. It was always worth it.
The armor,
BIRCH: You do know Tony pretty well, don't you?
"There's something. It's right there. It feels familiar." Tony can taste it on the tip of his tongue. There's a state he can reach under certain conditions of deprivation, a state that sits on the tip of his tongue like grace and arcs connections like lightning. He remembers that state of grace the way a man standing at the bottom of a black oubliette remembers a distant slice of sky. Maybe he's too comfortable here. Maybe he isn't hurting enough. "Someone changed her on a cellular level," he says. "Someone tried to overwrite her," he says, "someone tried to
TS: That means he has to put up with me even when he doesn't like me.
"That's a first." Clint. Of course.
What If is a game he plays with himself. It's art and it's science; it's
TS: Don't look at me. He's always like that.
Iron Man bats the shield aside, fires a muon beam, and follows it up with a backhand. Rogers staggers again. Without hesitation, his hand closes around Rogers' throat—
You weren't supposed to tell people: not when it was like this, not when the truth was this barbed ugly thing that was better kept close where it pierced only you. Tony cradled that truth, protective of it even as it bored into her. She didn't have to work at it; enduring came to her naturally. And it was rare enough that nobody would suspect—
"They were dedicating a new display to Dr. Erskine," Steve says.
Tony swallows down his bile. He doesn't have an answer for her. This whole headlong rush—he hasn't been thinking
The cabinet's empty—he's not a complete idiot, whatever other parties like to imply. He's not completely useless. He can do this: he can empty out the cabinet, throw all the bottles away, leave it hollow and spotless. He thought about putting something else in there, something sentimental or harsh enough to serve as a reminder. Old helmets, maybe. His mom's
"Scheduled satellite data dump."
A secret part of Tony sympathized the most not with Lancelot but with Igraine, violated by a man who stole into her bed under one guise but was revealed for another. It reminded him of Indris, of Kathy, of Tiberius, of...
FROM: Sally Floyd <
"Oh yeah?" he says.
Sometimes he wishes he could turn his brain off.
SR: You could transcribe the recordings. Make an oral history.
"All right, Mr. Stark," she says, which means she doesn't agree with him but that she is, for the moment, willing to go along with him.
Extremis was, essentially, robotic microsurgery: a nanite package delivered via direct injection into the bloodstream that interacted with the central nervous system. After the injection, you scabbed over. That didn't describe the horror. Your
HP: It's what I would've… I just meant that we're making sure no one can find Steve's body. No exhuming him to run experiments, no more attempts to replicate the super-soldier serum. Right, Tony?
"Yeah," Tony says. "Yeah. I have a meeting."
"Where are we?"
The fighting stops.
"You aren't going to get away with this," he says, even though he doesn't believe it.
That's a lie. This is just one long line of excuses. He builds a symphony of justification. The first movement goes like this:
He inhales-two-three-four exhales-two-three-four, swallows past the burn in his throat. Thinks.
The specifics of Dr. Yinsen's death are likewise shrouded in secrecy. "No comment," Stark says when I ask about the rumor that Yinsen sacrificed himself to save his companion. Our interview ends shortly after; Stark claims he has another meeting. One of his personal assistants hurries him out the door. Another leaves me with a gift basket branded with the SI logo. I wonder what Yinsen, notedly outspoken against the greed of capitalism, would have thought of Stark's persistent approach to marketing.
Maybe just a small sleep.
“Oh yeah, and when I win the lottery, I’ll eat my fill.”
“I’m okay-“
Peter laughed, feeling his shoulders relax now he knew that Ned was still as familiar to him as he always was. This was nice.
But he couldn’t do that, because they needed Peter to trust them, and breaking the rule Peter had set about him going to sleep would certainly break any sort of trust they built with him.
When the hour ended, Peter felt he had been there all day and was all too happy to swing his bag over his shoulder and follow Annie out the room to where Steve and Tony were waiting and talking quietly. They both stood up when he rounded the corner.
Peter nodded jerkily, letting Steve take the menu from between his arms, not trusting his voice.
“No, you fucking signed me up for therapy without asking me and then shared my trauma with your friends over coffee!”
She smiled softly, then spoke again.
“What time ‘issit?” He slurred, rubbing his eyes with one hand as he yawned.
He nodded again and then sat back, letting Steve, Tony and Mrs. Lowitz talk about what else they could do to help out and details of the private tutor.
“Perfect.”
“Kids at school.” Tony looked up from his tablet, one eye raised but didn’t say anything, which Peter was thankful for.
Peter breathed deeply when told to, only glaring at Stephen in slight annoyance when he made him do it more than once. Then it was time for his chest and when Stephen placed the stethoscope under his flannel shirt, his cold fingers grazed along one of Peter’s protruded ribs, making him shudder in response.
“It’s cool, I’m just glad to see you!” Ned threw his arms around him and Peter smiled softly, squeezing back before pulling away.
Steve had offered for Peter to go out and meet up with his friends after they got out of school, but Peter was too tired, so he just asked if they could watch a movie and they had agreed.
He scrolled down slightly until he got to recent residences.
In his panic, the touches against his skin were like electricity and he jerked away and into the wall nearby, trying to observe everyone in the room and what they were doing but his eyes were blurry and his ears were ringing and all of a sudden his legs were giving out on him and he was in a heap on the floor, heaving for breath.
“Your life is so hard,” Steve said dryly.
And as the credits rolled, he wondered who would find him now.
“Now you have taken ten weeks off school, so there is always a possibility that you could be held behind or you have to retake the year.” Peter felt his chest tighten, he couldn’t fathom Ned and MJ moving on to being Juniors without him. “But based on your grades and performance, maybe a little extra credit you can be back up and ahead in no time.”
Just as Tony was about to answer, Peter couldn’t stop himself from jolting upright and startling the others as he spoke.
“Don’t worry about that. This is great, thank you.”
Steve navigated them through the small crowd of people doing some Christmas shopping, up to the food court before turning to them.
“Night, kid.”
“Don’t minimalize my pain, Steven.” Tony lectured irritably.
“Of course, whatever you want.” He smiled. “Thank you.”
He wasn’t quite sure why the open vastness was making him nervous, he’d been through worse, but not being able to stretch out and touch one of the walls made his skin crawl and he wasn’t sure why. It was a little different when he was in the ward, he was confined to a bed, but even that had been a little unsettling.
“So, where has he been staying in that month?” Steve asked quietly, looking at the face on the file that was staring back at him.
“Sam Wilson and Clint Barton.”
“Peter! You left, on your own, without telling anyone where you were going or how long you were going to be gone for, without a phone and you expect us not to be angry?” Tony asked, making Peter stop on his way to the stairs so he could go upstairs to his room.
Peter looked over to them, but it seemed as though Tony didn’t even think about it before answering: the names already in his head.
Both Steve and Tony bid him farewell before stepping into the elevator behind Peter who was leaning against the back of it with tired eyes.
Peter jerks slightly when he’s fully aware of his surroundings, pulling his legs off Steve and sitting up straight.
“I’m Steve.”
under heavy wool blankets with massive bowls of popcorn on their laps.
“Uh, yeah I am. I told Ned I was coming back, and he was pretty excited which was pretty nice.” Peter answered as he tapped his fingers against his glass, smiling to himself.
idea,”
Bruce didn’t say anything then, observing for just a moment before turning back to the computer to evaluate what he should do.
“Again, I was out.”
“…Natasha’s mission…”
“Would- would I still be allowed to be Spiderman?”
Huffing a little to try and relieve the pressure sitting in his chest, he pushed himself off his door and headed into his bathroom, trying to comb out his mop of curls on the top of his head.
Peter found himself relaxing as he watched the movie and shoveled salty popcorn into his mouth, laughing along with Clint and snuggling into the warmth of the blanket. It was halfway through the movie when the popcorn was finished and Clint asked him if he’d like anything else to eat.
Peter chuckles lightly and snuggles back under the warmth of his blanket at the other end of the couch, knees bent to his chest.
Ned chuckled and sat next to him, leaning against his headboard instead of the wall.
“I’ll be careful, I’ve been doing it since I was fourteen, and it will be quicker instead of the early morning traffic.”
“I told you, I don’t need help.”
Steve looked up at him from where he was looking at some blue and black sheets and smiled softly, before setting the package back on the shelf.
“Peter, I never wanted to have to restrain you, but you were trying to hurt yourself and I don’t want you to that ever again.” Steve states and Peter blushes at the moment of vulnerability mentioned. “Promise us that you will let us help you?”
“After a week of rest.” Steve cut in, glaring at Tony pointedly, who just rolled his eyes and looked over at Peter for his answers.
“How about, we all go out and I’ll have Jarvis lock the door and notify you if someone tries to come in and then make sure you are awake if someone comes within five feet of your bed?” Clint tries, voice calm.
“Jarvis? Can you play Finding Nemo?” Without replying, the film began playing, the Disney logo appearing on the screen.
Peter’s eyes flitted over his new home, taking in the vast clean white space and felt himself curl in on himself whilst is hand tightened over his IV pole (He was allowed to visit the penthouse suite but after an hour he was supposed to be back in bed on the medical ward so he could be taken care of while he recovered).
Instead of proclaiming that he wasn’t that kind of doctor, Bruce shifted in his seat slightly before grimacing.
“It’s okay, kid.” Tony was now back in the room, when did that happen? “You can get some sleep; you must be shattered.”
“Dunno. Never needed to before.” He sighed tiredly. “Not used to it I guess.”
“Do you have ice cream?” He asked instead, pulling the blanket over his shoulders. Clint’s eyes lit up, and he jumped up, speed walking to the freezer before pulling out a tub of rocky road ice cream out and grabbing two spoons from the drawer.
Peter nodded slowly but didn’t say anything else.
“And we came in to say goodnight.” Steve adds, smiling.
“Do you wanna talk about it?”
“Okay kid, we’ll come and get you for dinner.” Steve smiled, and Peter only felt mildly guilty when he made his way to the elevator and pressed ground level instead of the common floor.
Peter couldn’t help but snort as he eyed Clint whose face was covered in syrup whilst he shoveled eggs into his mouth before tentatively grabbing himself two pancakes and a couple of pieces of bacon and beginning to eat, slowly taking in everyone else.
“Peter-“ Steve started but Peter jumped up from the couch, feeling hot and flushed.
“We’ll make sure he gets everything he needs.” Tony nodded; his hand linked tightly with Steve’s. Peter watched as Steve squeezed his hand tightly and then sent Peter a warm smile.
When back in his room, Steve and Tony bid him farewell and a goodnight before leaving his room and Peter was left alone in his cot bed with nothing to do.
“We know it’s hard for you, and we’ll try and make everything as easy as possible because we care, okay. So much.” Steve didn’t break eye contact the entire time and smiled softly when he finished. Peter blinked, rapidly fending off tears as he pulled his knees to his chest as he nodded.
Tony almost beamed and then gently led him through a hallway by the kitchen which had four doors in it.
They watched the rest of tangled in relative contentment, the only noises coming from their spoons and their eating in comfortable silence. Just as the film was ending, he felt his eyes drooping low, relaxed and warm and full doing wonders for his sleep schedule, and he set the empty tub on the coffee table before burrowing under the blankets further, resting his head on the sofa cushions behind him.
“Yes, both of us.”
“Are you looking forward to starting school on Monday?” Tony asked, thankfully not mentioning the freakout.
“I hate them.” He muttered; voice thick like he was trying to fend off tears. “It’s bad enough going through the experience once without going through it every night.”
"Bagsy banker." He quipped after Tony, face in a smirk. Natasha not so subtly rolled her eyes, pushing Clint's legs down with a simple flick of her wrist.
Although Tony and Steve had brought him new clothes, Peter hadn’t been wearing a lot of them. Whilst on the streets, he’d kept his clothes in pretty good condition so his t-shirts were only faded with minimal holes, and his jeans were pretty badly faded and there was a rip in the knee of one pair that he passed as fashionable enough to still wear.
.” He murmured, then added: “My uncle and aunt took me there for my tenth birthday.”
And no one said anything at all when they all glanced wearily up at the ceiling as if they expected another child to fall out.
Peter chose to sit in the chair at the end, looking around the office and picking at the rips in his jeans.
“Pfft, kid I’m already working on a suit.” Tony brags, grinning.
“Hey, it’s okay. You’re safe, Pete. You’re alright.” Steve said quickly, and Peter looked over to him, before letting out a few shaky breaths and reaching up to wipe his forehead.
Nothing was perfect, he still woke up some days where he couldn’t talk about anything much and he felt more closed off than usual. He had seen Annie once more but he had felt very anxious and jittery when he’d gone so they hadn’t talked about anything that was particularly stimulating or interesting.
“We’re really sorry about that, we know you don’t like shouting, so we are sorry for getting angry and shouting,” Tony said softly, followed by Steve.
He sat down in the booth seat opposite Tony, keeping his backpack on his lap as he gazed around the people enjoying their early lunches.
“Is it really good idea to let him ride the subway to school, I mean what if-“
“Burger for me please, sweetums.” Tony batted his eyelashes at Steve who rolled his eyes and turned to Peter.
Around half way through, at around ten, there’s a quick knock on the door and Peter barely has time to pause the film before Stephen Strange is walking in with Steve and Tony in tow.
Peter frowned as he followed them into the elevator, shoving his hands in his pockets. “Why?”
When he walked into the living room wearing a hoodie and a pair of jeans and his old sneakers, Steve looked genuinely surprised to see him there. He didn’t say anything to either of them as they got into the elevator, and the trip down was silent, save for Steve asking Tony what time Tony’s meeting was later and Tony’s response of ‘five’.
“Dr. Strange is here to take a look at you and to give a professional opinion on how to treat you.”
“I don’t need your help.” He mutters, looking away defiantly.
“Are you now the legal guardians of Peter?”
There was a beat of silence when no one said anything, and Peter simply stared down at his tap water whilst his leg bounced underneath him.
Peter hesitated. He couldn’t say the truth, he couldn’t blame it on Spiderman (no one knew about that yet) and saying he fell or hit something was too obvious of a lie. So, he settled with:
Peter shook his head, a lie, but didn’t feel bad about it in the slightest as he looked away from Bruce to look at the ceiling and the slow movements of the fan.
eats my pickles?” Tony sighed dreamily, biting into his food before looking at Steve with a loving expression.
“You good kid?” Tony asked from next to him (when did that happen?) with a small bottle of water handed out to him.
“Are you sure?” She asked, “Moving in with them, under those circumstances, must be a very trying experience, you can talk to me about anything, that’s what I’m here for.”
“No.” Peter just replied, not looking at anyone in the room, head still thrown back on soft clean pillows.
“Can I go down and sit with Clint?” He mumbled, shy. “This space is still a bit big when I’m alone.”
Clint pursed his lips, hands clenching underneath the table almost imperceptibly. It must be hard for him to hear this, Steve thought sadly, knowing what it was like.
The team had been worried that the pair would act differently towards one another after they started dating, putting them and others in danger or compromising a mission. They had been proven very wrong when the two continued to bicker like children every time a mission came about.
“Will I have the same schedule as before or will I have a new one.”
“Ready?” Tony poked his head through the door, smiling. Peter just nodded, stepping out behind the other man.
After twenty anxiety-ridden minutes of trying to pick out two sets of sheets whilst Steve kept telling him to ‘not worry about the price’, he had managed to vaguely gesture to a set of black star-wars sheets and some white and light blue sheets.
“Where’s Tony?”
Peter’s eyes flashed with fear, and Tony thought quick to try and calm the kid again.
“How did it go?” Tony asked, and before Peter could respond with something snarky, Annie responded.
“Yeah, I bet.” Steve murmurs and then takes the bottle from Tony before uncapping it and taking a swig before holding it out.
A blanket was laid across his body and he groaned, trying to push it off him because he was hot, did they not see that?
Sam glared at him, but started the game anyway, only muttering a few unintelligible curse words under his breath.
“Salted, obviously, I’m not a heathen.”
“Get in kid, it won’t bite.” Shooting Tony a scowl, Peter opened the door to the backseat and sat down, trying to not let his muddy shoes touch the floor or expensive leather seats either.
Bruce pulls a face, but Tony laughs.
“So… you don’t want my blood to mutate other people or to replicate or anything?”
“Well, that’s okay,” Stephen notes, nodding. “Just try and eat regularly and have small portions. Food high in calories.”
They both smiled again, warm and bright and full of adoration.
“Emergency contact numbers?”
“Uh, yes, it is,” Peter mumbled, face burning red: he was never very good at taking compliments.
They settled into somewhat of a routine over the next week where Steve and Tony would go and do their respective jobs and Peter would either stay at home and read some of his many books or hung out with one of the team that wasn’t working that day (luckily none of them brought up the incident that occurred on what Peter is calling ‘night from hell’).
Peter felt groggy when he woke up, but vaguely realised he was laying down, still in the common room, but laying down on the couch. He was about to sit up and look for Clint or someone else when he heard a voice.
“Come on Peter, take a nice deep breath for me.” He thinks it might be Steve talking next to him, but the noise comes so blurred to his ears that it could’ve been anyone. He hiccupped, hands desperately trying to clutch something underneath him.
“I tried tracking his phone but- oh thank god, Peter,” Tony exclaimed, joining them in the group to also hug him quickly.
“It’s a lot of food.” He murmurs quietly, and he watches Steve’s face in the corner of the room flash with sympathy.
She smiled softly to herself and noted them down.
“No.” He protested shakily, trying to grip at the arms he could only presume were Steve’s that were encasing him to his chest.
“I don’t have to tell you that.” He responded again quickly, hands tensing underneath the material of the sleeping bag.
“No, no, no, no. Please, no,” Peter cried out, head jerking again.
“The point is you might not have been!”
“So, how did it go with the psychologist?” He thinks that’s Sam. “Are they prepared to take on Peter?”
“She was okay,” Peter responded, still tense from his talk earlier, he couldn’t get Annie’s words out of his head.
“I talked to Fury.” Tony continued. “He wants us to keep Peter with us, just until they sort out something permanent because he’s worried his enhancements and what he’s been through will be a problem and we’re more equipped to deal with that.”
Steve tried to keep his face passive, but at the mention of pneumonia, his mouth twisted, remembering the disease that had killed so many young people off during harsh winters back in the thirties. He gratefully gripped Tony’s hand back when it found its way into his grasp.
“And you guys wouldn’t be my parents, right?” Peter knew how the system worked, he knew foster parents weren’t parents, more like caregivers. But Steve and Tony couldn’t think that they were going to be parents because it would just be better for Peter’s conscious on the whole.
“Do you hear that?” Steve quickly cut off the smaller male, making him huff. But he just strained his ears to hear the same strangled noise he had a second ago.
“We all have to see therapists, the avengers, it’s mandatory-“ Tony cut in, cheeks red.
“So, what do you think?” Tony asked, grinning, “A step up from the air vents?”
“Okay.” He repeated.
“I went out,” Peter replied bluntly, putting his hands in his pockets with his eyebrows still raised.
They had also talked about school, and in a few days, they were going to go to his school and talk about getting him enrolled about two weeks before the Christmas break so he could get settled. He was actually excited about going back, so much so that he’d asked Jarvis to read him some chemistry textbooks before he goes to bed.
“Where were you?” Tony blurted, phone still in his hand as he ran his other through his hair.
“I’ll leave some water on your end table.” Tony murmured, and Peter nodded lazily with his eyes already shut.
She studied him for a second, just one, and that was all it took for Peter to start squirming in his seat as his face flushed red and his hands to bury deep in his pockets.
“I was sleeping.” He gestured down to the bag he was wearing. “Honestly I didn’t expect to be disturbed, I expected better structural integrity from Stark Tower.”
“Well I’m having the Black Pepper Stir Fry, I promised myself I’d have it the next time I came here.” He threw an arm around the back of Tony’s chair and leant back, “Do you want to share the corn fritters to start?” Tony’s eyes lit up and he nodded, his stomach rumbling as to prove his point.
He stayed quiet through the entire process of making next week’s appointment, saying goodbye to Annie and the car journey back to the Tower. He could see Steve looking at him in the rear-view mirror, but didn’t look back.
Thankfully, Steve and Tony weren’t in here with him and were waiting outside for him whilst he had his hour-long appointment.
"What the fu-"
“Oh fuck.” The voice from below him suddenly said, and when Steve looked down at the body, he saw that deep hazel eyes were gazing around the group of people in the room to varying degrees of fear.
“You’re only irritated because it’s before ten in the morning,” Steve replied, looking out of the window at the swarm of teenagers flittering around the school premises before they settled into their first lessons.
“Oh kiddo, it’s okay,” Tony spoke really gently, in a voice that kind of made Peter wanna cry.
“I make it,” Peter said quickly, flexing one wrist as if to prove it. Tony’s eyebrows raised in surprise.
“When Hitler stole pink rabbit.” Peter supplied quietly, shuffling his feet slightly because he knew why Tony was here.
“Star-wars?” Tony asked him, “You like Star-wars?”
“They’re cool. Better than the last guy.” He shrugged. “Then again, anyone is.”
The new guy looked up from the tablet, one eyebrow raised and a small smirk on his lips as he took in Peter.
Peter set down his book that he had been reading and pushed the blanket he was using to the side, standing up slowly.
“I’m sorry.” He mumbled, still looking down at his feet.
“I was a child.” She countered, stiff and prim.
“Out?” Tony growled, face pinching in anger. “And you didn’t think to let any of us fucking know!?”
“There might be a few changes based on your private tutor time to catch up on your missing work, but not too many changes.”
Finally, the child spoke again.
Sure, he’d felt guilty after every time he chose a shirt or a pair of jeans and they were added to the pile, but mostly he just shut his eyes and thanked every god he could think of.
“Okay, that’s where we’ll go. Sound good Steve?”
“Of course,” Bruce confirmed like it was a given and he wasn’t fazed by Peter’s demand.
Now they were sat warm and full and Peter could feel his eyes drooping, even if he loved the movie, because of his lack of sleep. He shifted slightly, so he was in a slightly more comfortable position and rested his head back against a thick cushion.
He wanted to be excited about tomorrow, but something was holding him back. He was scared, scared of getting attached, scared of hurting them and especially scared of them leaving him.
“About eight in the morning, you’ve slept for about sixteen hours kiddo,” Tony answered him, setting down a tray of food on the bed next to him.
“Can I not just get the subway?” Both Steve and Tony looked dubious, eyebrows knitting together in concern.
“Hey kiddo, you with us?” Tony asked softly, and Peter blinked a few times before nodding, not trusting his speech.
Peter just nodded again, blinking back tears that were very close to falling.
She still had the same expression on her face, but she didn’t say or do anything other than glance at Steve to carry on.
“646-707-3261 and 971-726-5663.”
“I’m sorry.” Was what came out muffled a few moments later, the hands never moving.
Last night after Peter had stormed off, he’d immediately gone to his room and stayed there throughout the evening and dinner. He’d not responded to anything Steve or Tony had said to him, and he debated not responding now, but before he could even consider it Steve was speaking again.
“Unfortunately.”
Peter just smiles at them again, and lets Stephen put the thermometer in his ear to check his temperature before murmuring a small: “Glad you liked it.”
“I’m sorry.” Peter slurred slightly; voice hoarse.
“Peter? That’s your name, right?” Tony asked, looking up from a tablet that he and Bruce had been looking over. “Peter Benjamin Parker?”
“About what?” Peter snapped, clenching his fists. “My trauma, my family history or about the therapist I’m apparently seeing now?”
Steve slid his phone into his back pocket and smiled at Peter before walking around the kitchen island so he could slide on his coat that was resting on the arm on one of the many couches.
“So, do you want help from anyone? She asked again, making Peter’s head snap to her and grit out:
“And what would you know?”
He took it easy going to Neds, swinging safely and slowly until he reached the apartment building Ned lived at. Crawling up easily to Ned's bedroom window, he grinned as he watched his best friend sat at his desk studying, knowing he would be back doing that soon.
“Are you stressed at all, Peter?” Stephen asked as he wrote some notes down in a file. “Or had any anxiety-like symptoms in the past few days?”
Be nice to someone <3
“Just here to check your vitals for the day.” He murmurs, flitting through the notes the previous nurses had made over each of his appointments.
Peter felt his shoulders relax and he nodded, before adding:
“Do you want a drink before we go to see your room?”
“That was sort of the plan. We’d foster you, and we’re pretty equipped to deal with superhero shit – sorry for my language Stevie – and you’d stay with us whilst we sorted out your legal forms and found you someone to live with permanently who can cope with your needs.” Tony explains, not looking over to Steve who glares at him as Tony swears.
Peter just nodded again, not looking up.
“Okay, well we’ll leave you to-“
Instead, he shrugged slightly and then spoke:
“Hey, Peter, it’s me: Steve.” He spoke gently but clearly. “You’re having a nightmare bud.”
’ because MJ had been demanding that he read it for around his entire life up to date and he thought he’d humour her. Turns out, he actually does love the book.
Once in the penthouse, he practically ran to his room, twisting the lock once he was inside and immediately crumpling to the floor in breathy sobs. He tugged on his hair fitfully, sobs of frustration and fear coming out; not being able to stop them.
Merry Christmas :)
“Okay macho man. Let’s go get some clothes.”
.” Both Steve and Tony turned to look at him and Peter felt his face flush red and he looked away from their eye contact.
might not be able to access your armor"—he spreads his fingers over the keyboard—"but
BIRCH: Not that I don't want to hear about that, but—
Here he is, in the cathedral of his workshop, the armor in front of him and Friday behind. "Give me a pattern analysis," he says. "Do we have times of death?"
When asked about his change in position, Stark said that recent events made him reconsider his views and cited public opinion and incidents like the hostage situation in Springfield and the Stamford crisis.
"So! You nerds—I can say that, I'm a nerd myself, don't let the suit fool you—you're all here today for one reason. It's not because you're required to be here, or because you had nothing better to do on a Thursday afternoon. It's probably not because you all think I hid a car under your seat—this guy in the front row's not taking my word for it. Hey! Car Guy! Yeah, you, who do I look like I'm pointing at? Nothing under there, I promise. You can pull your head out from between your legs now.
"Make sure Fury didn't booby-trap it."
SR: That counts.
There's nothing in the Constitution about the right to put on a mask and beat people up in the street, even if it's for a good cause.
"If someone manages to create a superintelligence?"
TS: Brain-machine interfaces?
"Hi, darling, I'm home," Tony says, knowing it'll come across as a joke. He's standing in the eaves of the kitchen doorway, and he's a little surprised Steve noticed him in the shadows, but that's Steve all over—always paying attention, even to the things beneath his notice.
"Steve," Tony says. "This isn't what I want."
As always, I must begin with the disclaimer that this is merely a series of broad impressions. My contact with Director Stark has been limited, and there are only so many recommendations I can make without further violating the ethical standards of my field.
What people neglect when they talk about alcoholism is the genetic component. He doesn't use that as an excuse for his own personal shortcomings; but perhaps it offers an explanation for how easily he slid into it, how covertly but thoroughly the addiction took over his life. It took him out of his head. If there's one place Tony Stark has always been desperate to go, it's out of his head.
"Oh? Who are the others?"
At the top of the tower where the Avengers lived, there is light and shadow. More shadow now, though: Tony doesn't turn on the lights because he doesn't need the lights. He carries a hollow golden glow within; he can light up his eyes in infrared and ultraviolet. Nobody else lives here, so he can dispense with the pleasantries. Even Friday is off in her own world, although some part of Friday is always waiting, listening, making her own plans and revising her own contingencies.
"Yes," Tony says, because it is a shame, it is undeniable. It is obvious. It's the truth.
"It sounds like science fiction, believe me, I know. I'm aware that I sound like the next L. Ron Hubbard—although hey, if anyone wants to buy their way into having their soul saved… oh, c'mon, stop flattering me. I'm serious, though. You think it's science fiction? I'm telling you that it's already been
Two hundred days ago, he almost choked Steve to death. He was being controlled by someone else at the time, but he still remembers what it felt like to crush Steve's trachea. It felt a lot like this. It felt exactly like this.
There's a whining in his mind that resolves into a clear signal.
Dugan says in Tony's ear.
STARK: They see an icon, not a person.
CB: Why do you say that?
"The vambraces next," Carstairs had said, and then, "The pauldrons, the cuirass." He'd probably used different words; those were Tony's names for his gleaming full plate. "Now the helmet," Carstairs said, and Tony had popped the seal and bowed his head so they could take it off him.
