You sit with both of your shoulders
Snatches what tattered pieces
If Dean wasn’t trapped in the bathroom, he might have said something extremely pissy. But right now, the angel is his only hope.
The shock of what Castiel has just said completely dumbfounds Gabriel. He simply blinks at his friend. “What? Are you sure? That's impossible.”
And I complain
“Uh, so where is she” Dean asks, nodding toward the empty bed.
He steps beneath the spray wearing his disgusting shirt and sighs with relief. Finally. He made it. He can wash the shirt here, wring it out pretty good and it won’t kill him to wear a damp shirt to the laundromat across the street. All good.
The grace wrapped round his soul
Cas immediately regrets his word choice as his face floods with heat. His ears turn pink. He squirms with embarrassment and presses a hand to his hot face. “I would have to use that word.”
Really should be sober
"I might have done something, uhm, foolish." Castiel says in a careful quiet voice. Gabe stays silent in a rare display of patience as he threads his fingers beneath the sweep of plumage to draw another strand of lights free.
Welp. Dean is going to be in Europe for the rest of his goddamn life. There is no way that he is ever going to step foot on a plane again. His arms and legs feel like cooked noodles and his head is pounding. He feels like somebody shoved him inside a tin can and shook it for ten hours. Why in fuck did he allow himself to be talked into this nonsense?
They fall into silence again and might have stayed there until Dean died of the mix of embarrassment and arousal that has him leaning compliant and aching in Castiel’s embrace. The angel is merciful enough to break the tension with his own rough whisper. “I want to see them.” He says. Which doesn’t make any sense at all.
Castiel has blurred at the edges with pure inhuman speed. He slams into Dean with the force of a truck, his palms spreading over the hunter’s chest. For a second, Dean is betrayed. Castiel is shoving him into the machine? Pushing him? Wait. Another tick of a second passes and those impossibly strong hands clench, bundling fistfulls of fabric and he yanks. One bone bruising motion that pushes another surprised burst of air from Dean’s mouth. His shirts. All three of them. At once. Yanked unceremoniously into two halves. Castiel shucks him out of his shirts like peeling a banana, allowing the combine to eat the fabric as it will. In a second breathtaking blur, he drives his hot palm into the center of Dean’s back and shoves him ten feet across the building. Dean only sprawled into a heap and thankfully not into a wall. It takes him a few coughing breaths to scrape his road rashed hide from the ground and gain his feet. Castiel has already dismantled the combine with extreme prejudice. His face is set with righteous fury. Goddamn it’s gorgeous. He is gorgeous. Every move is completely efficient and deadly.
- naked and on any flat surface. Castiel queues the next song and releases the celebratory blast of undiluted joy. His power swells and the angel's renewed grace flings the song further than the little club.
“You seriously haven't listened to it again? Not even once. Not since that day? Dean. Seriously? You don't have the name of the song memorized? It's a song that describes something essential to your very soul. And you haven’t even looked it up? What the fuck?”
“She is at Mercy General.” he nods as if hosting an internal dialogue.
Castiel isn’t amused and jabs his elbow into Gabriel’s stomach. “He is human, you ass. Now I am feeling everything. This has done something to my vessel." He can feel the annoyance twisting his face into a pouting frown. Fuck. He was pouting and knew he was and couldn't stop himself.
Cas chuckles and rolls to pin Dean to the mattress. “Mmm. I’m not sure, Dean. You might have to show me again.” His warm hands slip up to press Dean’s biceps and Dean recoils with a sharp surprised gasp.
“No.” Castiel replies. Calmly. Again, dead silence follows this announcement. He has to be doing this to fuck with Dean. Surely. Nobody can possibly be THAT annoying on accident.
“Hands to yourself, Alpha. You will distract me. I have something to show you.” He moves with Omega grace and flows down to kneel with his back to Dean, turning his head to catch his eyes for a long moment. Time seems to stop and Dean holds his breath. Then the muscles of Cas’ back and thighs are in motion again. He flows forward and arches his back in one single breathtaking movement.
Cas of course doesn’t just let this go without comment. He has to crawl slowly over to straddle and then crouch on hands and knees over Dean. He has to slowly lower his body by degrees and watch his Alpha melt into the mattress with pleasure.
It turns out, an angel of the Lord really can be. Almost as persuasive as a stubborn hunter who mourned and carved his plea into flesh and blood. Almost as inevitable as saving each other, living for each other, reaching for each other. Over the gates of every turning tide
It took a very very long time of looking to see how inverted the entire system is. Could it be so simple?
Cas turns his face until the scrape of his stubble drags along the messy tangle of feathers drawn on Dean’s skin. He hadn’t wanted perfect feathers. He wanted a warriors wing. Some of them ragged and missing chunks of vane. He wanted those wings. The ones he had only seen in cast shadows. The ones that he had imagined. They were so clear sometimes in hallucinations, flashbacks. In the depths of his mourning. They had haunted him. Those wings. The angel they belonged to.
Another loss
When Dean wakes, it is dark. Full blown confusion sets in before his phone chirps again. It must have been what had disturbed him in the first place. Once his eyeballs adjust from the face melting glare of the phone, he notices the time. He is late. Dean races through the hotel room like a hurricane, grabbing his wallet and tickets and checking for his passport. Goddamnit. He can’t miss the doors. He will just deal with meeting his soulmate with one side of his hair looking sorta rumpled and smelling like an airport. Whatever. It was a stupid idea anyway, he is probably going to spend another night drenched in crowd induced sweat and the frustrated feeling of disappointment. Again.
tugs your posture straight
"Cassie, you can't help. You said so yourself. You are stuck together. He can't be separated from you yet. You are grounded." Gabe's eyes gleam with impish joy as he pats Castiel's shoulder. "Why don't you just do your mating nest and flutter those lashes at your human, huh? I will look into it." He flings a ridiculously exaggerated wink at Castiel.
“Hey wait! Cas?” Dean strides close again, probably closer than friends should probably stand, and definately much closer than strangers. Cas turns those heavenly eyes toward his face and Dean almost loses his train of thought. “Your mom, is she going to be ok? Is she in the hospital? I would like to visit if I could.”
“Well, in your world, it is a bronze age structure of mysterious stones that obviously used to be for something. It’s a gate, Dean. They don’t work any more. Whatever power they had is gone. A henge is a structure that exists in all dimensions. When we “go” to heaven or hell or purgatory or whatever, we aren’t going any direction like up or down. It is laid on top or...beside...in a way. I can’t. There aren’t words yet in human languages to describe it. A henge is built in all of them. There are very very few structures that exist in every dimension. Usually all of the scenery in each dimension is wildly changed. Even if they look the same.They are fundamentally made of other materials. But a henge, the exact same material structure is present. And this one. It is specific. Very. Specific.”
I have left
“Why not? Dean, you have wanted this since we were little kids. Now we know for sure that you have a soul mate running around out there somewhere. That's awesome and you deserve a shot at finding them. And besides, I could just listen to the youtube tape and figure it out. It's really hard to hear but I bet I could isolate it. So you might as well tell me.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean. Can I look at your back a little bit...deeper?”
“Dean. I want...can I touch them?”
“Are you gonna start going to dance clubs?” Charlie asks. Reasonably.
Leaky.
About the way that blue bright shine lands
But leviathan quakes
Castiel feels the amused smirk in this last prayer. The praying man doesn't buy all this innocence but he is enjoying the joke. They both know that the intensity is closer to his real nature. But the praying man is happy to play along and enjoy the youthful bouncing lightness. His apology is accepted and the praying man is laughing a little bit at how Castiel has become suddenly sweet. The crowd is tuning closer and closer to the thrumming hum of his gentle guidance. By the end of this song he can begin to travel. There are places he wants to show the praying man.
The sound startles him again, and he has to cover his mouth to keep from laughing out loud. His mate is snoring. It's too dark to make out the man that is sprawling across the bed and sawing logs pretty vigorously. He certainly didn’t remember him snoring before. For some reason, he isn’t annoyed. He would be annoyed with literally any other human being snoring. For some reason, with Cas he just is happy to have him close enough to enjoy his body heat and knowing that his mate is safe and resting.
The one that smothers
The striking sensation of Alpha voice settles deep into each of them. Dean has sworn an oath in his true voice. He can truly wait. Until the end of time if need be. The compelling force of Alpha voice is only mild and pushy to others unless they share a familial or mated bond. Speaking the truth to compel another is often shaky and weak. Speaking a personal truth and binding oneself to a compulsion by swearing to live it is the strongest use of Alpha voice. If Dean tried to not live this truth he would suffer compulsion sickness and a fracture of his mind.
Castiel's knees almost give as he presses the dirty panties to his face. He didn't mean to pry or to invade Mr. Winchesters private things. Truly. But his entire body betrays him by painting a lewd picture of the Alpha rutting against these panties. Castiel can picture some faceless woman wearing them and his Alpha pushing the head of his cock over and over the soft material. His Alpha. Fuck. Then something occurs to Cas. There is no other scent on these. They had been worn for sex. For sure. But only the Alpha had soaked them. The realization almost buckles Castiel's knees. Fuck. The image changes. Now these soft sweet feminine panties are being worn by the gorgeous Alpha. An embarrassing hungry whine escapes his lips and a goddamn flood of slick suddenly soaks from his aching hole. Fuck.
“That’s pretty smart actually” Dean comments. “That must be where you get your smarts from.”
And this green-eyed lover
And that just makes it hotter.
Dean scoffs. “You just assume I am gay.”
There's one thing that he absolutely must leave undone. The laundry. All week long he had pictured all of his warm clothes being held and folded by his sweet smelling Omega. That is what she was doing when she claimed his home. So he leaves it. Maybe she will leave some sign for him there. Maybe she will understand the message that his clean home and waiting laundry means.
Back to the original point. His resentment of the fact that this was his LAST clean shirt (shut up Sammy, I know I should have used the laundromat like you said. Fuck) And the very last clean shirt is clinging wetly to his chest and smeared with mud and blood and whatever that slimy green shit is. Perfect. It’s going to get all over Baby’s seats. It's going to smell terrible. Cleaning up the mess is going to take forever, and it's all Castiel’s fault.
Once inside, Dean can feel a flock of nervous butterflies take flight in his stomach. The milling press of people makes it feel more like the familiar clubs back home. Its sweaty and full, but these people aren’t thrashing and dancing, more like gently swaying hips or heads to the relentless thrum of the warmup DJ spinning techno. This has to be it. He can’t go so far and trust so much for it to come to nothing. Something a little like faith is stirring beneath his skin and something like a prayer is just beneath his breath.
“Yeah. Yeah.” Dean nods. “Yeah.” He repeats. “I’m fine. Fine.”
The needle sings
The motion seems to pull Cas out of whatever weird zone he had been in. The warm wash of sensation stops and flickers away.
He tries not to fidget or growl with Alpha impatience. He sucks at waiting around. Looking at the magazine rack for some sort of distraction really does underline his shitty ass luck. There on the glossy front page of the tabloids and teen heartthrob and political magazines is not one, not two, but three versions of his mate's face. Pretty blue eyes and ruffled hair and that serious frown. Fuck. He would like just one day. One day that doesn’t remind him of Castiel. Not fucking likely.
“I didn't picture you feeling like that, Alpha. In fact I always pictured you liking me just like this.” Castiel steps closer to Dean with challenge in shoulders and hips and Dean takes a step back. “I imagined that you like an Omega that knows exactly what he wants.” Cas crowds Dean even further until they bump into the couch and then even closer until their chests are touching. He lowers his voice into a rumbling command “I get to say what I want. I get to say WHO I want. Are you going to fight me on that, Alpha?”
“Well not all of us get all horny for navel gazing Sam. Fuck. I dunno. I was going to. I was figuring I would let what was supposed to happen just happen or whatever. Its fate. Right?” Dean's excuses don't even sound believable to himself and Sam has lived with Dean his entire life.
“I hung up too soon!” the text from his brother says. “This song is EDM! Holy shit. Dean. Your soulmate is way too cool for you.” There is a line of smug emojis and Dean rolls his eyes at his phone. Two minutes later there is a link. Its a Youtube video. He knows it's the song. He really isn't prepared for it. He should really get his headphones. And some comfy clothes. Probably some water. Maybe he should order out. Dean realises he is stalling only after a solid hour of nesting down to properly listen to his song. He is half annoyed at himself and half embarrassed. This is ridiculous. It's just a song. But somehow his hands are shaking a little and it's kinda like the first few times he watched porn. He wants it to be all set up right.
When they are alone, the angel doesn’t enter conversations already holding some idea of what may come. His eyes blink wide and ready to accept whatever Dean might say.
This was a dumb idea. Dean stares at the plane tickets in his hand and groans miserably. Fucking planes. Apparently nobody in Lawrence aside from fucking Meg even knows his song exists. The enigmatic Angel is apparently one of those mysterious ones like the guy who wears the giant mouse head. Nobody knows who it is. There is only the tiniest shred of information about Angel. Not in English. But Sam was stubborn and kept wrangling this gordian knot like it personally offends him to not immediately find an answer. He found plenty of Dutch websites that go on about Angel. Before Dean even knows what hits him, he is loading his bags onto a plane and heading for Holland. Goddamn Europe. What the fuck? This is stupid. Going to an Angel concert. It's the next gamble they are taking. There isn't a single American venue on the website. Of course not. This Angel is doing a European tour right now and there isn't any sort of indication that the DJ will be returning to play music in the states any time soon.
The opening swishing notes of
Inside him sings
Cas stares at him for a long moment with his brow furrowed. “Dean Winchester, I believe I am your mate. Why would you think you would never see me again?”
His tongue is lapping at Castiel's throat and he is losing control by inches. He could live right here. His face pressed into soft Omega skin. So baby soft. Not like his own skin at all. But the raw heavy scruff at Castiel's jaw is all man. It's a contrast of texture that is goddamn addictive. This fine pretty skin like a woman but wrapped around these sharp angles and tight muscles. It's so fucking perfect. Like Castiel had been crafted just to appeal to every sense he has. Cas reaches up and grips a handful of Deans hair and pulls. He isn't gentle. Its so fucking good that he doesn't even care that a hungry whine escapes his mouth. His knees almost buckle. “Tell me what you need Omega.” he begs. Dean's eyes are blown with lust and he is falling into some hypnotic state.
Needling tip
“Why do you think I started this whole fight in the first place? My family wasn't going to let me be with you, Dean. They were actively attacking you. They were going to send you to jail! I need to be free of them so that I can be with who I want to be with! Which is you.” Castiel is practically shouting by now and pokes Dean’s chest for emphasis.
Castiel curls his fingertips into the edges of his trenchcoat. More and more often lately, he has retreated into the folds of his comfort coat because it came from before. Not much had come from before. Before the media and the paparazzi. Before the night time talk show hosts and photoshoots. But his coat had come from before. He has been living mostly in hotels and rented spaces. His clothes are all brand new and still stiff from the racks. Everything sleek and expensive and temporary. All paid for by his legal defense fund. Donations to his case and cause had rolled in from all across the planet and a nonprofit had been set up to manage his needs. Meg, his handler is a fucking demon at organization and so he floats along in this bright haze of fundraisers and shaking hands with the right senators. It's all so fast. So frenzied that he can hardly think.
The two angels sit in silence for a long moment before Dean stirs in his sleep. Immediately Castiel twists toward the human and with a touch, he nudges him deeper into sleep that was being fought valiantly. Stubborn man. So human. His ves- body was fighting the unnatural sleep. His soul was now folded tight into its shell and still pulsing and pushing out toward his grace. His mate was determined to wake up.
Dean is trying to follow along and feels like he is mostly getting it. “So, if you painted a rock with your grace, it would try to pull the rock toward you?”
They are definitely a mess. It’s absolutely gross how they flaunt the media inquiries and refuse to mate while still being sex fiends. It's so messy to tie two lives together when one life is famous and exposed. It’s downright filthy to spend so many long distance days on video calls and text messages. It’s messy to handle grief and loss as Castiel mourns the mother he wishes he had. It’s messy to handle the politics of a country that wants to oppress and hurt the one you love. It’s messy to wait, even if they do win in the end. But that really is life, isn’t it? Handling one mess after another. And they aren't alone. Dean and his beautiful messy love will keep shining for a long while yet.
There is no way in hell that Dean can listen to that tone in Castiel’s voice and not turn around to see what it looks like. What his face is doing when he says something like that. So he does. He turns to face Castiel and isn’t disappointed. The angel looks poleaxed. His lips are parted as if he still hasn’t picked his jaw up from when it dropped. Eyes wide and not quite focused. Hands gripping the sides of his trenchcoat as if to hold them back.
He has to rush. Thank fuck he left his clothes all the way across the room. Taking a wet soapy washcloth and dry towel to his skin was enough to get the sex smell at least mostly tamed. His clothes are masking the really raw scent at his groin and pulse points. If he looks flushed and sweaty as he makes his way downstairs, well, he had been cleaning a house. Right?
All down the cheap motel walls
Dean flips on the TV as they settle into their meal. They have finished eating and are happily sprawled on the couch when an entertainment news story flashes some shaky footage of Castiel lifting a reporter off his feet and slamming him against a car. Dean's eyes are pinned on the screen and he can't possibly look away even though they show it again. And a third time. Holy fuck. The room is drowning in aroused Alpha scent and Castiel is beyond amused.
Dean watches the DJ suddenly dip his head. The music settles into a rolling thump and Angel turns to drink some water. The switch is so fast that Dean can picture the man suddenly covering his chest and hiding. That embarrassing intimacy has evaporated so quickly that Dean wonders if he had imagined it. Sure. Music is supposed to inspire emotions. He is just meeting this artist and sometimes a first meeting feels odd. Especially with somebody so beautiful. He is pretty sure that every new fan feels a little bit awed when they first see Angel on the decks.
begins to play.
Dean can’t resist the opportunity he has though. He is shameless in wanting this meeting to last longer and to take some small measure forward with his mate. Dean tips his head down, looking at Cas through his lashes and takes a single step forward. “May I scent you, Omega, just to be sure?” Castiel's eyes flare wider for a second and then there is a barely withheld squint that he aims at Dean. He has a feeling that Cas would kick him in the shin if he could. Dean can’t hold back the happy smile in his eyes as he teases his mate silently. Cas was enduring a horribly precarious situation and Dean was taking advantage and inviting him to enjoy the secret they have between them.
“Go ahead, you can laugh.” The man is actually laughing himself, not taking offense at all when Dean loses the battle with his facial muscles. “Love doesn’t always have to be serious and I think our song really does make everyone around us feel happy when they hear it. Just like a hot tub after a long day, it's a real relief to have my girl with me. It suits us just fine.” Garth radiates so much calm happiness about the entire thing that Dean believes him. He couldn’t have imagined anyone connecting that song with simple uncomplicated joy with a partner, but here it was.
It is the first tears he has spilled since the day after he left this house. Something inside had hardened and shuttered itself to survive. Every painful moment of leaving his home and his love had been pushed aside to deal with later. He had to remain strong and had to fight. There wasn’t time for tears when the list of duties kept getting longer and longer. He was responsible for the future of his designation and he was being watched. He had lost everything. And he was supposed to keep moving forward. He was so tired. So fucking tired. So Dean held him, rocking gently and rubbing his strong fingers through Castiel’s hair and saying over and over “I’ve got you Cas. Shhhh. I’m here Omega.”
“This henge had to be built by somebody who could access the materials. Which. I’m certain a lot of it is my fault.”
Sammy yells a lot more when the YouTube video goes viral about a month later. “WHEN were you going to tell me DEAN?” he thunders.
“And you want to hug me.” Dean points out.
Hides a gritting stinging gasp
There is a soft shushing swishing sound that opens the song. It's completely drowning his attention. Like something behind a doorway is waiting. Something outside. It beckons. Then a soft rhythmic tapping begins. Footsteps. His footsteps walking to that door. Stepping out. And there is a piano. High repeating melodic trills. Its sunshine. Drenching soaking sunshine. Filtering through the leaves. The music is still so soft. Its building so slow. Keeping that same stepping pace but building more and more layers. A cymbal begins to ride the beat and suddenly he is 15 years old and riding his bike. It's the first time. He is too old for this to be the first time but they hadn't been “made out of money” so he hadn't ever had a bike as a little kid. And he is a little embarrassed but he is excited. The tires make this ticking sound on the road and this song is the wending road he is coasting down. Flying. He is flying and his heart is beating heavy and deep and the sunshine flickers against his long lashes and he flings his arms like wings to fly. That bike. The smell of the hot asphalt. The flickering freedom of floating down the road. He tips his head back and feels his throat close with emotion. He is free. The song grows spare again. It pulls back from all the heavy layers to just be a stomping pulse before starting all over again. Now he is in the Impala. The scent of his baby wraps around him and the road unspools in waves. That same insistent sunlight beams over chrome and drenches the music. The weaving tromp of bass kick measures his breath. Its home. It's the road. Freedom and hope and sunlight. It's pulling him somewhere. This road. It's going someplace where he is welcome. He is sure of it. The soft susurrations of wind over the top of the song presses gentle touches to his face and arms. Every sense is awake and alive.
“Do you see something you like, Dean?” the vulnerable look that the Alpha shoots Cas instantly melts all the impulse to tease the guy.
Cas instantly feels his entire body flush with fire. Holy fuck. Look at his Alpha. Face flushed and green eyes shining while he begs for a taste. His pretty mouth is popped open for cock and he is holding his arms down and ripping at the sheets like he hasn't been told to touch yet. Cas wonders if Dean even knows he is acting like a bondage slut. He craves the weight and pressure and restraint of his lovers body. Its so fucking beautiful. “So good. Dean, I'm so hard. So wet. Fuck. I am going to put my cock in your mouth. I want you to suck me off, Alpha. After I come, you can fuck me. Put me on my hands and knees and pound me into this mattress. Ok, pet?” the sweet endearment pours from Cas on reflex and he is so fogged with horny power that he doesn't realise he has given Dean a new moniker besides his name and secondary gender.
It's so much to think about. The praying man had rebuked him soundly for his humanity song. Everyone usually loved that song. Being a part of humanity all striving in flesh and blood to unite. It was a song of humanity triumphant and bonded through music. For the first time, he has to consider how condescending it is to be commenting about this struggle from his own perspective. He isn't human, so he observes from the outside. And for the first time he considers the arrogance of it. The way it distances him from the crowd below. He plays at participating with the human race. He wears this vessel but he stands so unnatural and untouched above them all right now. Until tonight he had toyed and played with people. He had treated them a little bit like food. Something to sustain and keep him tied to this planet. Cattle. Flesh. And now this praying man had roundly chastised him for his pride. He was right. Gabriel had tried to show him. His link would always be tenuous because he wasn't existing as flesh. He was existing as a being that was wearing flesh. It's a very different thing. He isn't sure how though. How can he climb down from his goddamn high horse? Castiel isn't really focusing and almost blindly chooses his next song. His thoughts are jumbled and his hold on the crowd is relaxing. He needs to finish this and go somewhere to think.
“I want…” Castiel mercifully interrupts his stream of consciousness babble.
Dean pushes his shopping cart another foot forward as the line finally makes some progress. A coupon clipping genius had unpacked a freighter worth of nonperishable goods and involved the entire staff of the store to deal with the sheer magnificence of her savings. Which is about par for the course. Dean wonders idly if he is cursed or just the most unlucky fucker on the planet.
The teen magazine shouts #teamfreewill in giant pink font. Castiel is posing in a tight white tank top and his big bright eyes invite every teen reader to sigh and join college activist groups in droves. Omega rights never looked so goddamn delicious.
“Whatever you say, Dean.” Sam resists the urge to push or tease. Dean is shit scared for some reason and Sam knows not to tread too close to the truth about that. Dean gives him the name of the song and Sam promises to follow up with whatever he finds. They hang up, but only after one last parting shot. “They called you gorgeous Dean. Like a three legged puppy” He hangs up the phone while still cackling over Dean's enraged shouts.
Dean imagines a throng of teenagers with glow sticks. They wore neon. NEON for fucks sake. Was his soul mate some kid that spent their weekends with ecstasy and clubs? The more he thought about it, the more his stomach felt like it was sinking. His soulsong doesn’t even have any REAL instruments. Just some computer bleeping and blooping.
Dean can’t help but smile just a little bit as he shakes his head at her antics and exits the coffee shop. He feels like it has been days and days since he walked into that room, but the sun is blazing and he is still exhausted.
"To court a human." He finishes to the quiet room. Well fuck.
“Oh what?” Dean asks, glad of the distraction from the steady warm brush of grace.
They both have to sit for a minute in that reality.
He couldn’t hide it forever. This moment was inevitable.
Cas is kissing the hot skin of his cheek when he admits his confusion. “Fuck, Cas I dunno if I just came in my pants because that was hot or because you are hot enjoying that.” Cas smiles against his face and curls his hands into Dean's hair. “We can always keep researching, Alpha. I'm quite happy to keep on trying these things. With you. What do you think?” Dean nods and pushes his nose against Cas’ throat. “If it means I get your sexy ass in my lap again, I think I am onboard.”
of your wings
“oh. You like this Alpha? Feeling pressed? You like my weight on you? So fucking perfect. You feel so good beneath me. Let me try something?” Cas waits for Dean to clear the haze and agree before he sits up and scoots down to put his weight on Dean's thighs. “here, push up like you want to get away. Struggle a little bit. Feel it burn your strong body. It's so good. I like feeling you moving beneath me.” Cas sits there a long while, his wide warm hands stroking Dean's flexing stomach and chest as the man bucks and squirms and flushes pink with arousal. After a long moment of struggle, Dean whimpers and stills into just rocking his hips to ease the wicked boner tenting his jeans. Cas smiles and scoots forward, skipping the obvious place Dean wants him to sit and sits squarely on his stomach. He takes his time sinking slowly into the softness of his belly and catches Dean's surprised flutter of hands. The weight is so much heavier here. What Dean could feel pressing his thighs feels about ten times heavier here on his stomach. Cas releases one hand to pinch Dean's nipple softly and it punches a gasp from him. “what about here Alpha? Does it feel good? Im so wet Dean. My pants are probably soaking your shirt right now.” Cas unzips his pants and tugs his underwear down. Freeing his cock from the fabric and fingering the weeping tip. The smell of Omega sex pours from his skin and Dean growls and his eyes are pinned to the vision of those pale perfect hands running like water over the engorged purpling head of his erection. Cas smirks down at Dean with a proud roll of his hips. “See something you like, Dean?”
“I thought you said it was safe.” Dean points out, not truly concerned, only amused at the contradicting words.
“What do you mean?” Dean asks, feeling more than a little bit worried now. Had he fucked something up? Was something awful about to happen that costs them even more? Had he done something stupid?
It doesn't stop. This song must be about a million years in length because it rolls on and on and the heartbeat of it won’t stop pulsing beneath his skin and he wants to run away and stay here at the same time. He can’t keep his knees solid and manages to flop into his seat again and hides his face against his forearms on the freshly cleaned tabletop. Like a kid playing thumbs-up-seven-up in school, he rests there and just endures the music until it finally winds to a merciful conclusion. The helpful barista is there with a stack of napkins and he mops his face and tries to think of one single way to recover any sort of dignity. Thankfully, she is the best barista in the world because she is shooing off the spectators and she fills in the awkward silence immediately.
Dean had actually vomited after that one. It hit too hard. Too close. That anyone could possibly think that Castiel had drugged him. That he had not consented and hadn't been in control of himself. It was absolutely vile. The things they had shared were just a sacred a bond as anyone else's.
a curling turn of grace
Stirs at sunlit dusk
“So?” Sam prods.
http://www.unwomen.org/en/news/stories/2018/3/compilation-eight-ways-you-can-be-a-womens-rights-advocate
Dean squawks with indignation. “Shut up Samantha. What the fuck. Fucking internet. Nobody can just live in peace anymore. Goddamn assholes have to be sharing what should be private. Fucking hell.”
“Alpha, please. Please. Its not. It's not exactly the same.” Cas pants and moans and slows his pace to just rock his fingers in and out, his fucked out hole shines in the candlelight. “Take your pants off Alpha. You are wearing them aren’t you?” The Omega turns blazing eyes over his shoulder. Dean can barely process this conversation but he does understand that his mate wants his pants off. He stands on tingling legs, feeling his numb toes begin to wake up. He shucks his pants faster than he ever has in his life.
The distraction gives his heart enough time to slow until Dean makes a break for it. The man makes a small desperate noise and scrambles into a full sprint across the lot. The physical slam of pain when Dean hits the psychic tether snaps his head back and he collapses with a shout. Castiel is immediately at his side, his own vessel ringing like a struck bell and his heart is once again threatening to leap out of his throat. It hurts. All of it hurts and the worst of it is those wide terrified green eyes. Those eyes beg for some relief and Castiel touches Dean’s temple and sends the poor man to the comfort of sleep. The tension in Dean’s body melts and Castiel scoops him up in one easy gliding catch. Dean curls into Castiel’s chest as if he is seeking comfort and warmth from the angel. This close, Castiel cannot miss the absolute perfection of the human’s face. Dean has full pretty lips and a scattering of freckles across his nose. His lashes and hair glint with flashes of gold. There must be some hand of the divine in such a beauty. If Castiel couldn’t feel the earthy pace of blood and bone and the meaty thump of his heart, he might mistake him for an angel.
The adrenaline has now given him the shakes and Dean’s knees feel like water. He sinks back to the ground and closes his eyes to combat the dizziness. Shit. That never gets easier. Coming off a spike of terror like that. Few more seconds.
“Ok, Cas. That isn’t making it any more clear. What is a henge?”
That I had gathered
Dean nuzzles Castiel’s rumbling throat and takes in the scent of his bonded skin. The Omega has picked up leather and pages as they slept together. “Mmhmm likely story. Wait until you got me addicted to your gorgeous body and scent and then the REAL Cas comes out.”
“There aren’t any towels in here.” Dean points out while steadily creating a puddle behind the door he is peeking around like the shyest wallflower at the party.
He is barely able to gain his feet before there is an almighty crash and the sound of splintering wood. His front door has just been breached and there is the stiff angry bark of law enforcement. Holy fuck.
Dean is frozen to the spot in surprise and can only softly whimper at the suggestive tone in Cas’ voice. The wrecked noise makes Cas laugh softly. His breath fans over Dean's throat and sends a shiver down his spine. “Do you want to see, Dean? I will show you if you want.” Cas leans back to catch his wide eyed gaze. Dean finally manages to nod and Cas reaches to link their fingers. Dragging him into the bathroom, Cas turns and shuts the door firmly.
“Yes, Dean. That! What the fuck man? Gorgeous guy hears soul song for the first time It’s all over the internet. They had it on the fucking news this morning. YOU CRIED! It was right after a video about a three legged puppy that needs adopting. A three legged puppy, Dean.”
Wait, that thought was even worse. Why was he suddenly trying to picture Castiel without a shirt? Well, he knew why. But that wasn’t going to be included in his personal inventory of the state of affairs. Nope. That shit was going right back into the closet where he shoved all the ridiculous crap that started bar fights and chick-flick moments.
Cas leans back for a moment, uncurling his fingers to slide his palms forward. Cupping Dean's face he asks in total surprise, “You wore my scent?” Dean nods and his face turns pink beneath the scrutiny. It was absolutely an admission that he sometimes acts outside of his designation as well. Alphas do the scent marking and eager Omegas want to wear the scent of their lover. Just the picture of his Alpha rubbing slick onto his pulse points to carry all day long makes his entire body shiver.
"We have to figure this out Gabriel. He is bonding. The link is profound. His reaction is the same as an angel so far. He cannot leave me yet. We are stuck together. He uh. He prayed to me." Castiel can feel his body reacting again with embarrassment. This time he manages to stop his face from flaring bright pink, but it's a close thing.
Dean hasn't been to a whole lot of concerts. He is so new to the electronic dance scene that he feels the pulse of awe that drifts over the crowd like a slap. Is that normal? Nobody in the crowd seems to be freaking out. Music had made him feel all kinda ways but this. This was something else. The crowd shifts and pulses toward the DJ booth. It must be time. There is a man wearing a long sweeping kimono that has joined the warmup DJ. Dean had been impressed by the casual coolness of the crowd. No costuming or neon. But this DJ is stunning. The kimono hangs open to bare most of his chest and shoulders. It would look ridiculous on anyone else, but that tanned stretch of skin looks inviting. The length of his throat looks longer because it's framed in the deep vee of silk. He has a western haircut which contrasts the asian costume. It is cropped close but not enough to tame the tousled messy thick of it. Then a black shape shifts behind him. How did he not see that first? Wings. They are massive. They look heavy as fuck. Angel. It's a little bit on the nose isn't it? But he can't imagine this DJ looking any other way. The wings suit him just as prettily as that costume. He is obviously one of those guys that look great in absolutely everything. No wonder he has fans. Look at him. His head is keeping time with the music as the first DJ greets him in a half bro-hug. They stand with their faces pressed against each other while the warmup DJ says something in his ear over the loud music. Dean wonders how he smells. If the other man is breathing against his skin. What would it be like to press his face against that bare throat? His stomach twists a little with nerves again. He should be watching the crowd. His soulmate is probably here tonight. And he is fanboying on the DJ. Must be jetlag. He can't seem to focus. They say sleep deprivation can be the same as taking shots of alcohol. The crowd is electric with anticipation as the other DJ steps back and around those great wings.
Finally, he has eaten and is wearing his comfy soft sweats and is settled back onto his memory foam mattress with his headphones. “Here goes nothing.” he mutters and clicks the link. The youtube video isn't live. It's just a still image of an album cover and the studio version of the song. He pauses the video after two notes to look at the cover art. It's simple. Plain white with a stretched out wing. Iridescent black feathers. The road so far must have been released as a single because it is written on the cover along with the artist name.
All is well
Cas pokes him in the stomach and scoffs. “As if I didn’t clean your house for two years! I know all about your bad habits too! Mr. Doesn’t-do-the-dishes”
Only he had forgotten the big revelation. Again. He really is off his game today.
Dean falls asleep with Castiel’s soft hair against his cheek and his thigh tucked between his own.
His legs are as weak as a newborn foal. He plucks the towel from the hanging rack to dry off. His fingertips find a damp edge on the towel. Omega slick. He doesn't take even a moment to consider his next movement. Lifting the wet towel to his scent gland on the side of his throat, he wipes the fluid there. Marking himself. He rubs that delicious scent on the inside of his wrists as well and on the inside of his thighs. He smells taken. Well fucked. And to be fair, he kind of was. Dean Winchester will be lifting his wrist to his face for days. His Omega. Crawling into bed later, he curls around a spare pillow and sleeps better than he has for years
The room is spinning and the entire city is lit with joy and Dean is back to pushing his fingers through his feathers. Only one more song. Just has to make it through one more song. His last song is a farewell and he nudges just enough exhaustion to let the crowd settle into themselves and leave in a hurry. They all want to go home. They all want to rest and be at peace. They all want to get the fuck out of the club to leave us alone, ok, thank you very much. It's a blatant abuse of his powers but right this minute, he doesn’t care. He needs answers now. The room empties like there is a fire somewhere and the house lights go up and the takedown and cleanup crew filters in. Castiel doesn’t even dare to look at Dean in the full brightness of the room. He knows this isn’t going to be a conversation for the room, so he has to pack his cables and computer and mixer fast. He brushes his fingertips over the nape of Dean’s neck once. Just an assurance that he knows Dean is near and they will leave soon. The man settles as if he understands exactly what the touch had meant. Considering the weirdness of the night, maybe he does.
Dean feels his exhaustion hit again and scrubs his face with his hand. It's too much. Today is too much. He just wants to go home and crawl under the covers.
A draught or two or ten
He dozily tipsy wonders
The needle sings
Yeah. He could just blame it all on Cas. This blue eyed sexy fucker of an Omega.
Charlie catches the wince and her eyes widen as she vehemently throws her hands forward. “NOT that your song is weird. Really! Fuck. It’s a good song. It’s one of the best ones on the list I think. Meg picked a good one. It’s just not our usual coffee shop stuff. Its EDM.”
Of that stupid coat
Of my attention down
Castiel makes his call to Meg without much change to their situation. They were still stuck until she could do some damage control and fly out to extract him. It was going to be at least two days. “I am sorry, Dean. The media has your name and I wasn’t thinking clearly. I never wanted to drag you into this.” he pushes his fingers through his hair making his signature tousled locks even messier.
And of course Castiel is sitting on the bed. Looking like he can quite comfortably sit exactly like that until the mountains erode and the sun explodes. Dean rests his forehead against the doorframe for a long second, trying not to shout in frustration.
Cas seems completely caught off guard and licks his dry lips before finally speaking. “Thank you for asking Mr. Winchester. I am not sure though. Her kidneys are failing and we don’t know why just yet. She is in the hospital.” His voice is shockingly deep and Dean has to concentrate so hard to keep his intentions fully on the conversation at hand. This beautiful Omega is worried and distressed and he can’t get distracted and ask the man to keep talking and maybe say his first name and moan a little with all that gravel and thunder.
Gabriel waits. He watches the tender curve of Castiel’s wings around the sleeping human. Only popped out for a few hours and stuffy stiff Castiel is cuddling some human in the parking lot. His chaotic loving heart thrills with the sheer awesome weirdness of it. What the everliving fuck had happened? He wouldn’t miss this for the world. So he waits until Castiel seems to shake the hypnotic thrall of the sleeping man. The angel lifts his fragile burden and turns. Castiel almost drops the man in surprise when he spots Gabriel. He had forgotten all about his friend. His wings flap out and his big blue eyes bug out. It’s so goddamn funny that Gabriel laughs until his face burns. He had never seen the angel so much as flinch. Ever. The stoic calm of angelic assurance had always kept him completely placid. The impossible happens again as Castiel flushes red again. Blushing! For the second time in an hour. "Oh Castiel," Gabriel murmurs fondly. "What in the world is going on? Tell me why you are shining so bright. You projected all of this to Mars I bet!"
Dean steps even closer and shoves his hands into his pockets. He isn’t going to risk the temptation to touch. Dipping his head forward he stops short of his target and waits for Cas to close the distance. It's one thing to tease and play, but he isn't going to force this intimacy. He can easily claim his sensitivity is enough for his decision right here. But his invitation is open and Castiel is tipping his head to bare the warm curve of his throat and moving closer. Dean cannot linger or this little moment is going to get out of hand, but he does take in the beautiful warm wave of that scent. Not heavy and raw with sex. But simple and light and perfect. It's so much better mixed with the smell of skin and coming from the living pulse of heartbeat.
And the dim rattling of coffee cups
Dean can only nod silently.
“Dean.” Cas eventually says. “It isn’t turned off or powered down. It would still work. It can still work. I think that no matter where you go, if you pour more intention into it, if you repeat the prayer with focus and will, I think you would pull me to wherever you are.”
With me
“What?” Dean prompts.
The mood shifts to the vibrating hum of a great stadium. A huge gathering of people. All of the humanity pulsing bright in this room is crushing together and smelling the skin and sweat of each other. They are one great heaving throng. The air grows heavier and hotter with the press of bodies. The endless thumping bump is every heart as one. For the first time since Angel has taken the music, Dean notices the other people in the room. Every face is bright with the passion of music. Everyone moving and lost in the oneness. He meets eyes and there is compassion and connection in them all. Wait. Angel isn't in this song. It's separating the crowd and the DJ. This song is distancing him from the booth and pushing him into the mass of people beside him. For the first time since the start of the set, he doesn't like the song. The DJ stands aloof and apart. The humanity below is connected and linked and celebrating together. There is so much flesh and sweat and stink to it. But Angel is not part of any of it. Dean doesn't like it. Not even a little.
“I might be persuaded.” The hunter says in a lofty tone.
All the precious light
Dean groans at remembering the stupid viral video and sighs in resignation. Sam was right. He wasn't going to let it go and Dean might as well be tilting at windmills. “Fine. Just a second. I have it written down here somewhere.” a shuffling sound of Dean rifling through mail and change to find the square of paper drifts through the receiver while Sam tries to recover his shock.
“It’s a henge that you activated with your angst and the help of an angel and you are lucky you didn’t explode. And... Your boyfriend?” Cas repeats in a flat completely unamused tone.
Castiel's eyes slowly begin to shine with amusement. “Dean, your face is red.” Cas mentions as if he doesn't know.
“Was on a case. On a reservation in North Dakota. Was offered some Peyote once we got it all sorted out. Again. Visions. Saw those wings. Remembered the tattoo. This guy, he says. Hey man, I am a tattoo artist. I will do you right. We were out of it. I spoke to an eagle and a ball of light. It was wild. And I woke up. And there it was. Hurting like a bitch. My entire back was covered with this tattoo. It was perfect. Exactly what I wanted. Felt right.” Dean’s eyes are shining with remembered grief, withheld tears. “And then you were back. And I figured, maybe it worked. Something had. You were dead. Then you weren’t. I didn’t want to break it by asking too many questions.”
Fuck. He had made an amazing wreck of a mess. Castiel carries a secret smile for the rest of the week.
Maybe all of this story sounds ridiculous but I want you all to know that somewhere in the world, women are being treated exactly like this. In some countries, grown women have to ask permission to work and they are passed like property from man to man.
“Turn around.” Castiel says in a tone that somehow manages to be asking and commanding at the same time.
“WHAT?”
with whisky breath
“Yeah.” Dean repeats, unable to conjure any more words. No real excuses or explanations come to mind. It’s all cicadas and windchimes. Buzzing white noise and no idea how or what to say.
“I mean, I am going to bend over the side of that tub and masturbate until I cum hard enough to claim everything in this room.”
“Cas. If you let me go, I promise you can hug me again.” Dean vows.
Castiel can move faster than human eyes can see. He can dance between raindrops if he wanted to. But for some reason he cant move from the spot where he gapes at the crowd and one glowing soul pushes toward the stage. There is a slight scuffle between security and then the praying man is on the floor, seizing. Immediately, the angel panics. Fuck. Fuck.
So the stitching bleeding pass
What ink they would use to trace
Dean’s forehead wrinkles and his eyes squint. “It's who - what now?”
Dean nods and steps back from the doorway. “Yeah. Sure. Sorry, come on in.” He gestures to the living room awkwardly before tucking his hand in his pocket.
When to brush the hem
Mentally, he argues back that he is bisexual, but he is too chickenshit to say that outloud so he just rolls his eyes in exasperation and stands to gather his phone and jacket. “Welp it's been real, Charlie. But I have to get to back to my life and stuff.”
Right along the hem of my jeans
Now that they are talking, Dean begins to feel awkward and twitches forward as if to step away. Castiel doesn’t give an inch and refuses to release the hunter. His arm tightens and the reminder of how intimate the position they are in cascades down Dean’s spine. The long lean press of the angel’s body is plastered even tighter against his back from hips to shoulder.
“I am sorry, Cas. Let me know if there is absolutely anything I can do.” Focusing completely on the desire to comfort and help, Dean hopes that it shifts his scent enough for his mate to know his offering is sincere. “Where is she, Cas?” Dean finally cannot possibly resist anymore, and his wide warm palm reaches to cup Castiel’s elbow. The Omega stiffens just a hair and he dips his eyes to track the press of Dean’s fingers into the sleeve of his coat. Dean gets distracted by the sweep of Castiel’s lashes against his cheek. Heartbreakingly beautiful.
His cock twitches hard and the sheet wicks up the mess of dribbled precum. The bottom sheet is soaking up its own measure of wetness too. His hole is dripping now and his rutting against the tight fist is rubbing his hot slick down into the sheet to soak the mattress beneath. He bites the pillow and gasps and his arm jerks in staccato pulses. The heat of the blankets and sheets has become a furnace that holds him in its heart. So he sweats, his chest and throat flushing deep pink. The scent glands at his throat heated until the rawest version of his sexual invitation is pouring from his skin. Pushing his heels hard into the mattress, he finally tips into orgasm. His whole body jackknifes as his channel clenches down hard.
“A henge.” The angel repeats.
By the time Castiel has returned, Dean has managed to cover himself with a dry and only mostly gross teeshirt from a couple of days ago. He accepts the towels from Castiel’s hands and uses one to mop the puddles from his ignominious post shower shenanigans. Ok.
His marking scent roars through the room and Dean can’t hang on anymore. He digs his fingers into Castiel’s shoulders and ruts up against Cas’s blazing hot face and cums in the soaked satin. His fat knot pops and it drags a long keening groan from deep in his chest. His entire body is slick with sweat and he clings to the pliant weight of his Omega.
Instead you tip your head
Wait. Who is Cas?
They collapse into a tangle of sweaty limbs and content moans as Dean continues with a third and fourth orgasm. Dean works them into a comfortable spooned cuddle and they both fall into a sated post coital dozing nap.
And in the sticky booth
What he does not see is his soulmate. Castiel stands trembling and shocked only a few feet away and folded into an adjacent dimension. He doesn't see him because the angel is completely shattered and so shocked that he is frozen and hiding from the sheer force of the prayer. To him! This human was praying. To him! He had never been prayed to before. It felt. Well. Less holy than he had expected. It was so raw. A prayer carried the package of emotion bundled in the words and that sorrowful longing really was fucking with his vessel. He can barely focus on the words because of the wild romp of human emotions playing havoc with his amygdala. His eyes are leaking and his hands are shaking. So fucking distracting. This man is looking for him? How? Why? Castiel edges closer and spots the tickets. Fuck. Well fuck. He is looking for him. He came to the right place. The American English prayer and daytime napping says the man has come a hell of a long way.
Dean can feel himself start to sweat. He is kneeling a foot away from the hottest vision of his entire life and it's taking every single ounce of his restraint to keep from pouncing. But if he did, this fucking gorgeous sight would be gone and this is what his Omega had asked for. Its slowly making him insane but completely worth it. Cas is panting now, and somehow, even without taking his eyes off of him, Dean has missed when he managed to slip a third finger inside. “So fucking gorgeous, Cas. I had no idea. I couldn’t have imagined anything as hot as you. Shit. I am so hard.” The Omega keens and arches up, head thrown back and stiffens his plunging fingers. His hole is fucked open enough that he can ram the solid bunch of his fingers at a punishing pace. The wet sound of his body taking every thrust is almost as lewd as the sound of Dean’s name rolling off his tongue. He is so soaked that his hand shines all the way up his wrist and little flicks of slick spatter and drip down onto his calves and the bare floor between them.
Dean immediately shuts up and hopes the angel will continue. They don’t often get to say things that they want. Other than “that candy bar at the next gas n sip” or “to take first shift driving.” The times when Castiel has expressed any personal desires or needs, it has always, always been something for the furtherance of their cause. He wants to win. He wants to get answers. He wants rest.
“Dean. I started all of this so I could be with you, but I really believe in what I am doing. I never want you to think I mated you just to get away from my shitty family. I want to be completely free and have every choice open to me when I decide to mate.” Cas leans forward as if he can somehow push his sincerity into his words with his body.
“So what are you going to do about it? Was your soulmate there? What song is it?” Dean has heard that tone in Sam's voice. He is on a personal mission. This was trouble. Sam doesn’t let things go. Not once they pique the interest of that giant brain. He holds on to whatever has interested him and picks it to death. He lives for meddling.
“I didn’t know.” Castiel finally says and Dean realises he had been holding his breath.
To those who are in thrall to the song, and those who can see souls, the vibration of the march of notes unfolds his soul from the center of his chest. The bright center of his being swells and blooms wider until he is surrounded by a halo of light. Like a bulb that has been flicked on. If his soulmate is here, they cannot miss it. The soft glowing aura grows strong until Dean himself can even see it flickering out from his skin. He has never seen a soul before because no song has ever triggered the response. Only one song ever could. He has seen pale impressions before in art and movies of course. It looks way cooler in person. Fuck. He has to stop marvelling at his own goddamn soul and look around. Look for anyone else glowing. He tries to calm his racing heart and find them. But everyone in the crowd is shining white. Reflecting. Not glowing. The stage is shining so bright there is no way he could see anyway. Annoyed, Dean turns his eyes to the stage and whimpers helplessly. There is a shining enormous being on the stage. It's so huge that it is taking up more than this building. At the same time, it is small too. Human sized. It makes no sense. His mind tries to make both things true at once and it hurts a little. It helps to focus on the wings. The great shining black sweep of them. They hold galaxies within but he knows it is easier to contemplate that and try to not look at the face of the DJ. He fails spectacularly. The perfect line of his jaw and throat draws him inevitably in. He can't. Not. Look. Angel shines. His flawless skin pulses with blue light and his eyes burn blue lightning behind his lids. His soulmate. Impossibly. Is right here with him. In the same room. All night he has struggled with his emotional response to the beautiful man. He held back. There isn't any reason to hold back any more.
“Whatever I need?” Cas asks and searches Dean’s face.
The tabloid shows a much more candid shot of Castiel walking across the street. He is obviously attempting to hide his identity behind a too large trench coat that flares around his hips and thighs. The headline salaciously tempts the public by announcing “shocking family secrets”. Dean scoffs. It's probably more court transcripts about the custody battle. Everyone and their mom knows the shocking family secrets by now. The tabloid is too late on that headline. Whenever Dean is tempted to wallow in self pity for his own family troubles, he does have the sobering reminder that at least he hadn't been born a Novak.
A sudden realization hits Castiel. He doesn’t have time to be getting arrested here. He has to get to Dean. NOW. If the media knows about the kidnapping. He has to move. He cant beat this man for having Dean's name in his mouth.
"Just try not to project your mood all the way across the damn solar system, will ya? I thought you were getting murdered or something. I know your mood is gonna make your vessel react and that is gonna make your mood feel stronger. Which will then freak you out and then your vessel will freak out and then. Well. You get the picture. It's like a big amplifier you just wired yourself into. Rather clever vessels these are. They walk around with their bodies just humming all the time. You'll get used to it. Try porn. It will blow your wings off." He smirks lasciviously and nudges the still stunned Castiel.
“That is hardly fair, Cas.” Dean says, surprising himself by how quickly that dazed look had restored his own confidence. “I haven’t touched your wings.” He dares with way more confidence than he deserves. Anyone that had the warrior angel looking like he saw a vision of nirvana would have a boost of confidence. Hell. Dean is going to be replaying this exact look in his mind over and over. Half the time he had been worried that the angel would smite him for having the audacity to do what he had done. Some “mud-monkey” parading around with that permanent declaration on his skin.
The language of an angel is so close to the words that created the universe. Enochian is a way to say a single word and mean everything. Dean only has four words in enochian tattooed on his back. Three of them directed their attention back to the fourth and crowning word. In the way of the angels. Each word carries entire ideas and moods. In english it would seem so. Innocuous.
Dean turns around. Mostly because it gives him a way out of having to speak any more. Every scenario he had conjured up about this very moment had somehow failed to prepare him.
Dean can't help but feel the rush of affection and warmth wash over him as his mate hovers. “Cas, I wasn't exactly thinking. I had a slick horny Omega hanging from my knot. So I had to bite.” he watches Cas finish the task from beneath his lashes. They are standing naked in the bathroom and every moment of having a warm loving Omega take care of him is heating his skin from the inside out. Cas curves his hand so gently around the bandage with possessive intent. He holds Dean's bicep like he can will the injury to heal. Like he can somehow claim the mark and make it behave for him.
Gabriel chuckles and swirls the candy behind his teeth. "We like to think we are superior, Castiel. We are stronger and live longer lives and have access to other dimensions and technology. If we admitted that these beautiful bright souls can do things we envy, we might start respecting them. Ha! We might start loving them. And there is the matter of exploitation. I know you were in heaven doing your duty in those days, but angels have been monsters that used souls as candy. As a drug to abuse. As currency. We had to stop it. Or at least limit it. So. The host set boundaries. Created tuning so we couldn't mate with them. It got better. But now that Heaven is at war and God isn't handing down the orders, I don't know. Maybe somebody is starting all of that up again. Maybe they have found a way to overcome the tuning?" Gabriel sighs and scrubs his palms down his thighs before standing. "You know, I was enjoying this vacation, Castiel. Now it looks like I am going back into the fray." His words sound so tired but his expression is still warm with affection. Castiel can see it for the first time. His eyes had been blind to the duality and humanity that Gabriel carried in his actions. Had he been this way all along? The angel was carrying hope and fear all within his vessel simultaneously while also radiating intention and celestial purpose. It was a little bit amazing.
Thankfully the machine and the scrabble of his flailing panic has alerted Castiel. The angel slams around the corner. Instinctively, Dean reaches for him while scrambling and scratching his useless dress shoes against the hay strewn concrete.
"Whoa. Hey. Castiel, I won't. ok. Here. Look. I have put away my weapon. See." Gabriel lifts his palms and turns his eyes carefully away from the man that is now half tucked behind the aggressive posture of his friend. "Castiel, I can see that something has happened. I just want to help. You seem to be feeling, uh, feelings right now. I know it’s really hard to think straight.  I know it is. It's going to be ok. Whatever happened is good. Just breathe. “ Gabriel demonstrates slow breaths and slowly lowers his hands, hoping that Castiel will mirror him. “Your vessel likes air. Slow. Easy."
“Oh, well I guess it could be a girl” Charlie hedges. “But I have gay magic powers and I have a gut feeling. It’s a Him.”
The note was as prim and proper as any librarian and Dean’s eyebrows have almost lifted to his hairline as he imagines exactly what had gone down in here. So this polite proper lady had been putting away his clothes and got the rude surprise of his secret stashed panties. He had been sorta stoned the last time he had caved in to the impulse to wear these sexy things. Rutting into the mattress and feeling all that satin slip sliding around his cock was pretty damn heady. Apparently he was blazed enough to put the cum soaked pair back into the drawer. Damn. This entire thing is half on him. I mean, what would he do if he was cleaning some hot Omega’s room and found a slick soaked pair of panties. Probably something dirty. For sure something dirty.
“Well. This henge. It’s very unique.” Castiel stops completely and Dean can feel his warm forehead drop down to press against his shoulder.
I could ask
“Hell no. Not ever. Dean. You had feelings. Real live human feelings. I think I might be crying here in a minute.”
Let my soul go
“Only me, what?” Dean insists and shifts on his feet.
What if they could close the doors away from the world? What if Castiel could have whatever he asked for? No. Whatever he demanded. What if this Alpha was different in private. There would be no need to let anyone else know it. They could play pretend for the rest of the world that it all was as it seemed. What if Castiel could bend his Alpha over and… oh shit. Fuck. He has to stop thinking about all these stupid fantasies. It’s ridiculous. One pair of panties doesn’t make Dean a sexual deviant or total outlier to his type. And he might be totally enraged. He might be on the phone right this second firing his Mom. He might be calling the cops. Either way, it's all in Mr. Winchester’s hands now. Castiel prays that he is merciful.
The Omega makes his way to the rental and flips his keys from his pocket. The picket line of paparazzi surges forward shouting questions and Castiel almost successfully ignores them. Until a man with a laptop case slung over his shoulder shouts “Mr. NOVAK! CASTIEL! What is your relationship with Alpha Winchester?” Cas’ head snaps around and before he even considers the implication he is swinging the man by the front of his shirt. He pins the squirming reporter against the side of his car and growls “Where did you hear that name?” The man is stunned silent for a long moment before he mutters his next comment as if he had been on a track and was too piss-scared to change his train if thought. “Tell us about the kidnapping scandal.” he whimpers.
“Are you ok over there Alpha?” Cas asks with faux innocence.
Together they dive into the pulsing current of the deeps. The watery thump of the kick echoes across the cold dark expanse and the twittering chirp of dolphins changes to the mournful song of whales calling to the ever shrinking pods. The ocean seems to expand bigger and bigger as more and more species fall away to extinction and the great creatures sing in further diminishing numbers until there is only one song left.
Dean is happy to oblige and turns them to press Cas against the bathroom door. Dean coaxes his tongue out and sucks it like a piece of candy. That gets a reaction and Cas whines and digs his growing bulge into Dean's hip. The Alpha growls in satisfaction and reaches for the buttons on Cas’ shirt. Together they make quick work of stripping to the waist and that apple pie scent is rising with the smell of gasoline and leather. It's like sitting in the front seat of the Impala in the summer and eating a slice of pie with vanilla ice cream. In other words, Dean’s personal version of heaven.
. He is sort of afraid to speak again in case he has another round of unfortunate word spillage. Instead he gets caught in another staring match with Cas.
“I know my own wings. And these. Can’t really be mistaken. Not by an angel.”
“Ah. The housekeeper took them.” The angel states plainly. He doesn’t elaborate. Only turns back to his comfy ramrod straight posture. As if to say, “Let's just sit here without moving a muscle until the heat death of the universe.”
That seems to work, and the angel manages to peel himself away from Dean’s bare skin.
So Dean feels. He feels safe. Like he can turn red and be ridiculous and blab about plants and still be smiling here with Cas. He is ok with it. With any other man, at any other time of his life, he would not have been ok. He would have headed for the door long ago. He wouldn't endure the discomfort. He wouldn’t bear the exposure. He would have realised the risk of another man seeing him like this and freaked the fuck out. Was he maturing? Was it the scent bond already building and smoothing the way for them? The solo sex? What had changed? Maybe all of it together. Or maybe Cas was the reason.
Silence.
To time my own pace
Dean has never been slapped in the face by a lover before. His pulse slams as he considers it. What the fuck? He doesn't know if he even wants that but his cock certainly isn’t against the idea. “Ok.” He is curious. “Do it.” he whispers. Dean barely takes another breath before Castiel's hand has cracked hard against his face. It kicks his head to the side and heat immediately blooms in his cheek. It throbs with his heartbeat and his dick pulses and twitches to the same throb. Goosebumps race over his skin and he shivers hard. “Fuck.” he pants before his eyes fly back up to Castiel.
Cas wedges himself into the space to look. “Fuck.”
An Omega presenting is kind of an entire genre of porn. Its overhyped, overdone and too many people with fake eagerness will flop forward and moan and groan and push their rump in the air. This isn’t that. Castiel hadn’t made a single sound. His body isn’t the bony hairless twinks or the airbrushed pinups that preen and pout back at the camera. Castiel’s legs are thick and powerful and dusted with fine hair that is curled and flattened darker by the flood of slick that has soaked down his thighs. His broad shoulders are bunched because his head is bowed while he gathers himself. The swell of his biceps are lined in light and flexed powerfully to hold his body. There is a fine tremor of what might be nerves or arousal. And the center of all of this, his tender hole is flushed pink and swollen just a little. His cock twitches and bumps the side of the tub and it makes that hole pout open for a second, spitting a thin stream of slick and dousing the air with sex. It's the single most feral and raw sexual experience of Dean’s entire life.
Dean's eyebrows are raised and he thinks over what Cas just said. “Wow, never really thought of it like that. You really have laid it all out. You are damn right of course. You remind me of Sammy. My brother. He is like that. Just smart as fuck and knows the answers about stuff other people don't even think about. You two are gonna get along.” Dean's eyes soften fondly for a few moments. “Okay now I gotta stop thinking about my little brother.” Dean makes a horrified face that makes Cas chuckle. “Let's go back to that porn habit. You are gonna have to tell me all about that.” Cas laughs against his mouth and rubs his fingertips up Dean’s back. “Mmm. Kiss me Alpha.”
Hey everyone. Condoms are awesome. Condoms are absolutely necessary. Please use them. Get yourself tested before fucking without condoms! But I am not going to use them in this story. Its an ABO porny thing. We have fantastical sex and so its gonna be magic sex without STDs
"Are you...are you blushing Castiel? Spank my ass and call me Shirley, you are blushing! And I felt your distress. All the way in Beijing. You. Heavens little wind up music box. Feelings huh? What in the world has gotten into you? Does it have something to do with your pet spider monkey there?"
“Dean. Stop. You are being ridiculous. I am not some untouched virgin. I touch myself plenty. As you very well know. Virginity is a social construct and not a physical tangible thing. It's how people have controlled Omegas for so long. Intellectual innocence is different from physical innocence and I have a very healthy porn habit. Do not treat me like I don't know what I want. I will tell you. You only have to ask me. And besides. You haven't done anything to me yet so stop looking freaked out. I only told you this because I want the excuse of inexperience just in case I really suck at it. I intend to get better. But I will need a lot...of...practice.” he punctuates the last three words with soft kisses against Dean's mouth and slides his palms beneath his t shirt.
The pundits could spout their arguments forever. Dean hadn't really ever been exposed to some of the vitriol. Some of it turned his stomach.
Dean thinks back on the interview he had with his housekeeper. Just the one, it was mostly a formality. He was scent sensitive and didn’t want somebody totally incompatible to be in his home for hours at a time. The only remembrance he has of the encounter was an impression of “church lady” Mothery and conservative. She had wide blue eyes that were extraordinary but her soft brown hair and trim suit had pretty much screamed that she was settled and fading into the gentle scent of late middle age. Not exactly the hot raw fuck that is drenching his bathroom right now. Looks could be deceiving though, his brother kept reminding him to “stop following your nose into the sack, Dean.” He couldn’t help it though. It hadn’t led him too astray so far. Sexy people just smell sexy. It’s a fact. This scent already had him gently massaging the base of his cock through his jeans. Could that soft lightly faded vanilla scent really have morphed to the sex bomb that went off in here? She did sorta have a “hot librarian” thing going on. So maybe?
And let the trembling terror crumble
Dean lowers his voice to draw them into even further intimacy, “And they have you here. Doing this. While your Mother must need you. Seriously Cas. It ain’t right.”
The absolute joy in that prayer is enough to take Castiel's breath away. It's perfect. An emotion he can share with the room that isn't about getting the pray-
“Fuck. Cas. Oh fuck. If you get. Any more practice. I am a dead man.” He groans and pants softly as he feels his second orgasm looming. “My knot. Fuck. I’m going to cum again.” he warns. Castiel just hums and rubs his stubbled cheek on the inside of Dean’s thigh and reaches his pale fingers to rub and squeeze the swollen knot. “OH shit! Cas!” the panties don’t catch all of his seed and Cas gathers the mess from his hip with his fingers and pops it into his mouth. Dean sort of floats for a little while. When he returns to some sort of coherence he rubs his hand down Cas’ naked back. “Hey babe, the edge of the tub is making my ass go numb. I’m going to cum again. We should probably take this to the bed.” Cas nods and winces as he rises in that graceful flowing way. He makes a hilarious face as he gains his feet.
“Are you ok?” he asks quietly. “It isn’t like you to move when you don’t intend to. Is your vessel well?” The question reveals just how bad it has gotten lately. Angels need a few key things to stay somewhat functional on planet earth. A host of Angels to connect with, a strong link to heaven to top up the reserves, and a solid firm footing on faith. Castiel and Gabriel both are lacking in all three. Gabriel has managed for hundreds of years. He has walked with humans forever, and seems just as powerful as ever. But Castiel can feel the strain. He has asked the archangel over and over how it's possible. Gabriel keeps trying to show him. It's not working. Mimicry and trying to meditate into the right headspace and produce some simulacrum of faith to sustain him. It’s very obvious that copying just isn’t going to work. Maybe it isn’t even possible for a Seraph. They were created to be close to the throne of God. This distance from heaven is draining him more every day. There is only one halfway decent way to bolster his quickly failing tie to this earth. Music.
AonA porn is Alpha on Alpha so its kinky stuff!
“I saw this chick. She had a tattoo on her wrist. Memorial tattoo. And I thought, shit. That is what I want. Like something on my skin. A memorial tattoo. Had it in the back of my mind.” The hunter takes a long drink of beer as he remembers the tattoo artist.
Dean stumbles to the hallway only to be immediately ordered to starfish himself against the wall and present his hands for cuffing. There is so much confused shouting and his half awake state hardly allows him to process everything all at once. A familiar face swims up into his vision and he latches onto the welcome sight with relief. “Fucking hell, Benny! What is going on? What the fuck?” Dean rolls his eyes as far as they can toward his bedroom to search for his Omega. He can only catch the smallest glance before too many people swarm between them and the similarly confused and distressed man is herded down the hallway and around the corner. “Don’t touch him!” Dean shouts and attempts to lunge toward the knot of uniforms that are moving much too fast. Everything is moving much to fast. His Alpha leaps within and then he is struggling hard. His throat rips with screams of frustration as the room becomes doused with the gasoline reek of his aggression. It takes four cops and a taser to pin him to the floor and still he is ignoring his dislocated shoulder in favor of threatening to disembowel every cop who touches Castiel. Everything is one scarlet soaked blur until he is dumped into a spectacularly painful adrenaline junked crash. His body is wracked with long shudders as the temperature seems to drop instantly. He is freezing. His muscles convulse and the twitching causes his shoulder to announce way too late that its beyond fucked up. He is lying on his stomach in the back of a police patrol car with his hands cuffed behind his back. The car smells familiar. Benny. Benny had been there. What the fuck? Dean attempts to speak and his voice sounds like crushed glass. He screamed himself hoarse. “Benny, what? What the fuck is going on?”
It is Dean’s turn to feel stunned.
Castiel is his mate. Truth. He can wait for the bite. Truth. He missed Cas and doesn't want him to leave. Truth.
It had worked. God had pulled Castiel back. Dean had not prayed to God. He had prayed to Castiel. There was something that influenced the balance of the great ticking intricacy of the universe in the direction of Dean's prayer. Maybe that balance had stood perfectly on edge and the spell/prayer/stubborn will of Dean Winchester had tipped it.
“There they are.” Cas nods and licks his bitten lips. “Come to me Alpha. Sit on the edge of the tub.”  He scoots back to make room and Dean holds his erection with his palm to keep it from rubbing painfully against the waistband of the red satin panties. Cas kneels between his spread thighs. He tips his head back to look up at Dean. “On that day. I was holding your panties against my mouth and nose. I licked them. I imagined that you were here just like this. Right here.” Cas lowers his head and rubs his nose against the crotch of the panties, nuzzling the Alpha’s hand away and breathing hot against the fabric. “I wanted to show you, Dean. Show you exactly what I wanted that day.” He rolls his bright eyes up “Can I keep going, Alpha?”
“I don't think that an Alpha can even consent when an unmated male Omega is in the room” a pretty blonde political commentator had said, nodding her head and crossing her petite perfect legs. “They have special pheromones in their slick and it's like leaving a drug laying out in the room. It's irresponsible for us to expose people to the risk!” she tucks a pale strand of hair behind her ear and continues. “we can’t just ignore the possibility that maybe your Alpha. A loving gentle Alpha could come in contact with an unmated male Omega at his job! In his home! It's so sad to see families wrecked and the sanctity of marriage endangered by just leaving a highly potent drug walking around our workplaces and homes.”
It was getting better
“These are my wings.” Castiel rumbles against the skin of Dean’s neck.
Instantly, Castiel flows across the couch to straddle Dean's lap. “Look at me, Alpha. Anything you want from me is ok. There is only you and me behind our closed doors. I am not like some other Omegas. Maybe it is because I’m male. I don't know. I act so strange. Like that news story. A lot of people have told me that it’s wrong. That I won't have a mate because I am too dominant and I keep challenging authority. That I am seeking my emancipation because no Alpha could want somebody like me. I can't sit and be quiet and passive. It's not me, Dean. So tell me, Alpha, please. Do you want me like this? I can smell and feel you excited by looking at me acting not at all like an Omega. But I want to be like that with you too. I keep challenging you today and you keep smelling so fucking good.” Cas presses his forehead against Dean’s and dreads the answer. “I swear it will be our secret” he whispers, begging.
“Sorry! Shit. Sorry!” Castiel grimaces and calms his limbs for Gabriel to continue draping the LED lights over and around the extended span of his wings.
Charlie flips open her phone and scrolls into a music app. “We use a streaming service here.” she explains. “Our playlist is shared by all of us and I think that one was Meg’s. She thinks we need to get out of our American music mindset and listen to more world music and expand our horizons. She puts some weird shit in here.”
Dean just makes a pained annoyed sound at the suggestion and grimaces. Charlie chuckles and nods her head. “Yeah. It’s not my scene either. How are you going to find him?”
Jeremiah had bitten off more than he can chew. The dumbass didn't know that the human rights advocates had been looking for a test case just like this one for years. It was absolutely perfect. Castiel was intelligent, attractive, stubborn, and wasn't going to stop. His little attempt at grabbing a bullet point on his political fliers had grabbed a lion by the tail. He had expected his nephew to press for his rights in some county courthouse and get smacked on the nose and sent back home. Instead, a herd of activist lawyers with absolutely no other mission in life but to fuck up his had descended from on high and Castiel was heading for the highest court in the country to win his independence.
The angel takes another deep breath and reluctance is in every single inch he gives back to Dean with the slow loosening of his arm. “Just one more second.” He asks, still brushing Dean’s back with the warmth of his breath.
Dean is rudely slammed into wakefulness. What? Something had startled him awake, but what? He is almost immediately distracted from his inquiry by the sweet warm body curled against his. Castiel. His Omega is sprawled across three quarters of the entire bed. He isn’t at all ashamed of his greedy bed takeover though, he is sleeping peacefully with his head tucked beneath the corner of Dean’s pillow. It's the most adorable thing that Dean has ever seen probably. He feels a warm rush of affection for a moment, then there is a furious loud banging. What the fuck? That is what had jolted him awake. Damn. Who the fuck is banging on the door?
Its time. The lights are flooding over him and dipping the entire crowd in black. He tips his head back toward the ceiling, whispers
Reaching between his legs, Castiel rubs the warm soft fabric of the sheet over his sensitive cock. He had been told his entire life that the thick heavy flesh between his legs is vestigial. This feeling belies that. It's absolutely necessary and the center of his attention now as he fights back a soft whimper and pictures those hands touching him here. Just there. In this warm bed soaked in comfort and pleasure. Castiel gathers the pillow close with his free hand and turns his face into it. Letting soft hungry sounds pour into the muffling press. He huffs in Alpha scent as he tightens his fist and presses his heels against the mattress.
Castiel interrupts Gabriel’s rant. “His soul responded to it.”
Dean startles a little in surprise as Angel bends down to ask him his name. Oh fuck. That voice is ridiculous. He had wondered what it would be like to speak to the DJ like this. His face is pressed against that stubbled jaw. He smells fucking amazing. Lavender fields and hay and ozone. He does manage to remember his name and shout it over the music. Barely. But then he sees those blue eyes. Up close. Shining at him.
Castiel hadn't given his vessel permission to reroute all the blood to his face but apparently his vessel was not taking orders right now. His face flames and his chest squirms with discomfort. The feeling is so shocking that he makes some desperate sound and Gabriel stops in his tracks.
“Uhm..when I stood up, all the wetness inside just made a break for it. So I got a flood. It just reached my ankles. I am officially wet to my ankles. That is ridiculous Alpha. What did you do to me?” He is half smiling smugly and shaking his head. “Go on and get in bed before you cum again. Bring a towel. I will be there in a minute. I’m going to clean up a little bit and get rid of the fire hazard.
Cas grinds down on his lap, finding the hard edge of his cock and mashing it almost to the point of pain. Dean groans. “I could prove I'm real, Dean. I could slap you right across the face and show you. You know, just so that we can be sure this isn't a dream. For science.” there is a dangerous bright gleam in Castiel’s eyes.
Reluctantly, he turns for the door and is almost out of it before he dons his most mischievous smile and lifts the edge of his teeshirt and hooks his thumb to pull down the waistline of his unbelted jeans. A flash of bright blue satin graces his hips and he wings a wink to the completely shocked Omega. “Thought I would match those eyes of yours today.” His voice is dropped a register and his heart is slamming so hard. Castiel's jaw is still hanging open when Dean happily bounces from the room. One riled up Omega makes for a happy Alpha and he went to bed that night with the image of Castiel's smile, his head tilt and squint, but mostly that stunned amazement at the end.
Cas’ bright eyes bounce right back up to Dean’s face in total amazement. It’s not the time or the place for Dean to ask the five hundred questions he has burning the back of his throat, so he fakes a tight smile and nods himself. “I’ll see you soon, Cas. Please tell your mother that I said hello. I don’t want to hold you up. You probably need to get back.”
They only blink at each other for a long minute.
“Uhm, Cas.” Dean prompts. “You are going to have to let go of me so we can get in the car.”
Dean is quiet for a long moment. The shy Omega that was sheltered and shared his first kiss and wanted to get away from his family. That was the Omega Dean had met. This Castiel was famous and bold and so damn smart. He would win. Dean could tell. It was the right thing. Anyone listening to Castiel speak like this would have to admit that he deserves to be emancipated. He could go anywhere and be with anyone. Why would he give any of that up to be stuck in his hometown with a grease monkey? Castiel could travel the world, work any job and date anyone. “Cas, you can be with anyone. You are famous and a lot of people really admire you. You shouldn't get stuck with me.”
And I am no Romeo
“I’m Charlie.” she says cheerfully. (As if they had been talking all along and Dean hasn’t just been losing his shit.)
“Yeah Cas, what's the problem?” Dean casts his eyes around the clean bedroom as if the dragon he can slay for Cas is somewhere in the room. Its so cute that Cas has to just silently admire his mate for a second.
“Dean.” Castiel repeats and his tone is so deep that the hunter can feel the hairs rising at the nape of his neck. He can practically feel the angel’s eyes studying his skin.
But you won't let my soul go
It is the wildest coincidence that Dean suddenly doesn't have to work on the day that Castiel comes to clean his home. It's so strange how work schedules magically shift after two years of his housekeeping service cleaning without disruption. Now Castiel is washing the dishes while an excited Alpha does yardwork. Right outside the window. Shirtless. And he is dusting the living room while that same Alpha is making lunch in the kitchen. No longer shirtless but smelling of sunshine and humming rock tunes. The sandwiches he makes are piled so thick that Cas can barely finish his. The entire day is filled with happy domesticity. And it's driving the Omega slowly insane. The line of tension between them is wound so tight that he could swear his body is vibrating at some divine frequency. He works faster to finish his tasks well enough that he can finally do something about it. And it was well past time.
“Cas. Did the housekeeper say when they were gonna bring some more?” Dean patiently prompts.
“Surely you don’t think Europeans have the exclusive privilege, Dean.”
, and sweeps his hand over the deck.
The bathroom is dark. Lit by flickering tea candles that Dean hadn't even remembered he owned. By this point, he is used to his bathroom smelling like Omega sex but suddenly this room feels like their secret. Dean reaches for Castiel and the Omega comes eagerly. His soft wild hair catches in the calluses on Dean's hands and he is lifting those bright eyes and warm lips to meet him.
Dean digs the tickets from the side pocket of his duffel. Two boiler room concert tickets to see Angel perform two nights. They hadn't been particularly expensive, but when you factor in the travel and the time off work, this was by far, the absolute limit of what he could afford and what he could risk for this wild leap of faith. He finds himself sitting on the edge of his hotel bed just staring at the tickets and begging them silently.
Castiel reaches to link his fingers with Dean's. “I missed you so much Alpha.” he murmurs with a sore sounding throat
“Dean, there are too many people working really hard for my court case. So it's going to be awhile before I am available...uh..really. But there is absolutely no way I am going to stay with you for two days without at least mentioning all the sex we could be having in about ten minutes.” Cas is dropping kisses up and down Dean's jaw.
His, no, their bed was a safe place and the wild hunger of his Omega was tempered with concern and full of the floral notes of comforting reassurance. It wasn't a horny accident. This was another mood entirely. His own sleeplessness and private pain had been noticed. Not ignored. The thrumming response of his body is first and foremost, the arcing strike of raw pleasure. But the spreading aftermath is his aching relief and the hesitant acceptance of this precious miracle. His eyes are stinging with tears as his body roars for release. His Omega is back. He is not alone.
Dean does notice. “pet” he has just been called in that heavy deep dominant voice. It keeps repeating on a loop in his head as Cas pushes his cock to angle into Dean's mouth. The Omega refuses to lift his weight from Dean’ chest, so only the wide wet head of his cock rubs between his lips. Cas rolls his hips forward and it only rubs an inch or so into Dean's mouth. He has to work with what he has. Getting him off with only the tip is going to take every damn trick Dean can think of. So he sets to it. Eagerly he tongues the slit and slurps the drooling pulse of precome. His lips tighten to suckle sweetly and Cas whimpers with pleasure. Those pretty lips puff and redden scarlet as Dean works so hard to make his Omega come. It takes so long that he begins to whine in despair of it ever happening. And all the time that relentless weight is pressing every fluttering breath to shallow sips. He tongues the ropey tether of the frenulum and mouths the sensitive flesh beneath the flaring mushroom tip. Over and over he sucks with hard pressure and soft. He is so long at the task that he loses himself a little. He forgets there is a goal. He is only enjoying the flavor and rhythm of it. Suddenly a wicked muscular twitch and the flooding flavor of cum spurts once. Then there is a hand in his hair and the swollen wet treat is taken away and he almost pouts before he remembers where he is and Cas is groaning hard and his dick is pulsing fatter than ever. Thick hot ropes of come are spilling over his fist and onto Dean’s lips and cheeks and nose. Dean should close his eyes just in case. But he can't. Watching his mate come undone above him is so fucking gorgeous that it's worth risking it. There is spreading heat against his chest and Dean realises that it is slick soaking through the Omega's underwear and slacks and Dean's teeshirt. Three layers and still the slick spreads across his chest.
The state of affairs is a fucking wreck. As usual. Dean was managing ok. Sorta. Castiel didn’t seem to have the same problem. Fucking unfair, really. In all that time together, Dean hadn’t really ever gotten a look at Cas without HIS shirt. The rumpled drape of that trenchcoat and the tight lines of the suit beneath were practically attached to his skin for all Dean knew.
“Cas.” He manages as soon as he has reasonably calmed himself.
“I am not gay!” Dean insists.
“What?” Dean turns his head to look over his shoulder, brow wrinkling with confusion. “I mean. The artist was a shaman. There was peyote. I don’t. Remember a lot of it.” He swallows and feels the weird vulnerability melting beneath his incredulity. “The enochian. I had that written out. Only gave him the idea of what I wanted. I wasn’t really specific or anything.”
Angel shouts back “I am Castiel.” Castiel. His mate is named Castiel.
Asking an Alpha to submit and be dominated even in private is not the realm of new lovers. They have technically only shared a single night together and Castiel is plowing forward to really deep sexual waters. It's so completely Castiel that Dean can barely catch his breath. He feels like he has been visited by a force of nature.
“Are you alright?” Cas asks, and his thumb sweeps down and back up again. A caress. One that Dean has felt before but never mentioned in hopes that it will happen every time the angel has an excuse to touch him.
But no. Its pitch black. The morning sun isn’t streaming into the room. He isn’t living through another nightmare.
“What?” Dean asks in honest befuddlement.
“The problem is, I can't seem to clean your house anymore without making...a...big..mess.” Cas crowds Dean until his nose is brushing his jaw. “I could show you, Alpha. Maybe you could help me.”
“Cas, I kept dreaming. Drinking a lot. PTSD is a bitch. I kept seeing those flashes. The light and wings. The few times that I saw any real part of you. I know your vessel is all you. But I missed the part of you that was different from human too. You are an angel, Cas. Wings. I couldn’t get them out of my mind. I wanted you back. I kept studying. I thought somehow I could write a spell. Wanted it to be immutable. Nobody could burn it or throw it away or lose it. Wanted to carry the spell around. I tried writing the words on paper and keeping it in my pocket at all times.” Dean shakes his and peels the label as he talks.
"Your head is tilted and your eyebrows are all scrunched up. It's the most confused look I have ever seen on an angel. It's making me nervous."
Cas nods and moves for the couch. He settles on the edge and waits for Dean to join him. “I came here because something happened at the funeral. Dean, Im sorry, I don't want to involve you in all of this mess.”
Bobby only yells a little bit when he calls in sick and Dean spends the entire day in bed trying to get the heartbeat thump of that music out of his head. It takes hours to finally sleep, but finally he surrenders and sinks into oblivion and relief.
He hits play again.
It’s actually kinda perfect. The line outside the doors is almost all crammed into the club. This crowd though, it’s completely different. Middle aged folks, young professionals and not a bit of neon anywhere. In fact, flannels are pretty much standard wear for most of the men in line. Maybe more on the hipster-ish fashion end of the spectrum but still. It’s actually more comfortable to stand in this crowd than any he has seen in weeks. Maybe he has done the right thing. There are several incredibly beautiful dutch women that he certainly wouldn’t kick out of bed and he doesn’t feel like he should card them. He actually allows an excited frisson of nervousness creep into his hands and shoulders and fidgets with the tickets until they are mangled by the time he presents them at the door.
It wasn't enough. He wanted a better taste. So Dean rolls over onto his belly and scoots down the mattress. There. The wet spot on the sheets. Dean pushes his face into it, rubbing his cheeks and throat with the scent. Oh fuck yes. His knees are pulled up under his hips and his face is pushed down. He is presenting. What if his Omega came in now? What if he was seen like this? Whining and rubbing his knot while his ass was in the air? What if he reached back and pulled his sweatpants and underwear down? Dean squeezes his eyes tightly shut and drags his tongue into the wet sheet and his shaking hands pull the sweatpants and underwear down. His naked ass is cold in the air, but his face and chest are so flushed with arousal that he still sweats. He feels his Omega near. The scent fooling him over and over. His tight dry hole is clenching and fluttering for the eyes that might be there. His Omega might be watching him do this. Might see him wetting his fingers again and rubbing there. Might watch his strong Alpha thighs shake and his hips arch over and over. He is smothered in the scent of sex and rutting forward into his fist and then back into his circling teasing fingertips. The storm of pleasure breaks hard and Dean howls as he empties his cock onto the sheets. The scent demands an Alpha so his knot behaves accordingly and Dean falls onto his side with a short scream. Oh fuck. He kicks his sweatpants the rest of the way off and turns them inside out so the softest side is the one he presses to his sensitive groin. He could get up and let himself finish in the shower. But he is just too tired. His knot will spill into his sweatpants. Fuck it. He isn’t going to move from this spot for anything short of the apocalypse.
“You know, people are gonna start asking interesting questions if they figure out these things aren’t fake. You gotta hold still, Cassie. He reprimands the angel while looping the heavier battery pack down by the smooth rill of muscles that bulk around his spine to support the great wings. Tearing off another strip of athletic tape, he secures the pack and nods with satisfaction.
“Thanks for the update Cas.” Dean shakes his head and laughs at himself. Daring a quick glance at Castiel yields the gorgeous shine of his full smile. His nose is crinkled at the bridge and his whole face is beaming with laughter.
Light glints from the edge of the casket that holds almost all that is left from before. Because what had his life been before all of this? His mother. She was home and education and friend and well, everything. He had only one tether to this earth. Just her. And he resented that. He hated that she swaddled him away from everything and took away his choices. But that is all over now. And he can't resent her now. She is gone and left him with all the lights and the decisions and interviews. He doesn't know if he can do this. It's one thing to say you want your freedom and another to live it. He just wants to go home. He wants to be in the car with his mom. He wants to be happy because they are going to clean Mr. Winchester's house next.
Dean is dizzy “Oh fuck. Fuck. Cas please. So hot. I love that mess you make. Don’t stop.” His voice sounds ragged and shaky. He is squirming on his knees and his dick is so hard that it hurts. He whimpers a second time as he unzips his pants to relieve the pressure.
Another night
Dean steps back and hopes his voice doesn’t sound as shaky as his knees feel. “I think it will be just fine.” he nods solemnly as if the decision had not been made the second he saw those blue eyes. The balding man nods in a pleased way and bids him a good day. His ham hands reach for Castiel's arm and he tugs the Omega away like so much luggage. Dean clenches his jaw so tight he feels like his teeth might break. Not once in this entire exchange had Castiel been allowed to speak. It was infuriating.
They sit like that for a long moment. Enough time for Dean’s heart to finally slow down and his breath to smooth out. The instinct to curl up and feel grateful to be alive finally begins to ebb and Dean dares to open his eyes. There. So close. He can see the faint luminescence still dancing deep within Castiel’s eyes. It’s always there. The grace. Like pinpricks of stars. If you stare long enough you can see their shimmer even when he isn’t pulling from that well of power. Dean watches the retreat of the light, dimming until it is only the smallest blue glitter before he remembers he shouldn’t. Staring like that. It’s a habit of sorts. Chasing the glint of angelic grace. What is Castiel’s excuse though, other than being the biggest weirdo in feathers? Huh? His eyes are just tired. Dry from all this hay. Castiel doesn’t ever break the stare though. And Dean would blame it on being an angel, except he never exchanged long lingering looks from any other angel. Just this one. Only ever this one.
Scratching depth of my morning growl
Now he feels the relief and pleasure of walking into a clean fresh smelling house at the end of his long shift. Perfect. Dean grabs a beer from the fridge and heads for the stairs and the welcome respite of his shower.
“What was that face?” Dean asks.
But you aren't listening to the
So Castiel knows this one embarrassing and beautiful secret and Dean knows a secret about Cas. Whatever horny inspiration that drives Dean to put on pretty things makes Cas lose his fucking mind. The tiny wedge of one secret is enough for this Omega to reveal way way more about himself. The man had gotten off in his bed for fucks sake. There is no comparing the exchange here.
Dean groans as a wave of nausea washes over him, “Cas. Where is Cas?” He croaks desperately.
“Cas, hey. Cas are you ok?” Dean hesitantly touches his elbow with concern etching his face. He steps closer and dips his head to try to find Castiel’s downturned eyes.
The ride to the hotel is oddly peaceful. There is a new intimacy that has grown between them but it feels somehow familiar. It is just right. To be together in the fading sunlight as they go about the domestic motions of fast food lines and settling into the hotel for the night. Again, Dean feels some small gratitude to the cosmos for the impeccable timing. This soft new feeling shining beneath his skin is tender and might not survive scrutiny just yet. He is grateful to be alone with Cas.
As if the curling weight
It was so simple. And complex. For Dean to bring him back, he had to say something immutable and true. He had to direct it toward Castiel and had to ask for it. He had to pray. And mean it. In a forever kind of way. A tattoo seemed to be the most permanent declaration he could invent. Carrying his prayer on his skin. His admission of what he needs from whatever it is that causes all things supernatural.
“It's none of your business, Sam.” Dean's tone warns that he is stiffening and preparing to shut down the conversation.
His beautiful Alpha. Castiel had almost wrecked his life. He won't ever forget his terrified enraged face as Dean was buried beneath a pile of cops. He had done nothing wrong. He had only met Castiel. Dean looked at him like nobody else had before. So full of awe and wonder. It seems like a far away dream really. Had he tricked Dean? He tries so hard to not believe every disgusting accusation thrown toward his designation. But had he? Drugged Dean into the feral protective crazed Alpha that would fight an entire police squad to get to him? Was something wrong with him that made people act so strange around him? Was all this fuss and hype and paranoia about him really based around some fundamental truth? He felt lost. He couldn't know for sure. He couldn't ask his mom. She was dead. And he was left clenching his hand in his coat and trying not to scream in frustration.
Dean feels his body go completely still as his brain tries to process any of this.
“So what?” Dean grumps.
Dean isn’t any sort of prude and it is a sort of weird intimacy to be cleaning a home for somebody. You are bound to find some secrets and well, fuck. The note mentions him wearing them. Fuck. Ok. So she figured that part out. That he hadn’t just been one of those souvenir collectors. Goddamnit. It was because his cum was all over them but nobody else's. Damn, she is clever. He isn’t sure he would have figured out that sort of nuance in the middle of a sex haze. It's kind of impressive really. The sex detective working in his house. She pictured him wearing them. And lost her stiff little skirt over it. Thats. Well that's kinda flattering. Kinda hot. And she smells so fucking good.
That says
Dean is so hard he can barely think enough to shake his head. The raw burning scent of sandalwood rises and his face turns an interesting shade of pink. Castiel smirks knowingly before backing off to let the Dean gather his brain back into some working order. Cas suggests lunch and they both swing into the domestic task with more focus than the task requires. They both have so much to think about.
Dean crouches over his presenting mate and mounts him hard. The stretched dripping channel swallows him in one long hard thrust and his mate howls and writhes beneath him. Soft. Tight. Wet. And so goddamn hot that he can feel Castiel's pulse inside that hole. His knot is already swelling and he digs his cock around with a swivel of his hips and Cas fucks back into the sensation. It pops the knot into his tight channel and Dean leans forward to press his big hand into the back of Castiel's neck. He pins his mate in place and forces his cock back out of the stretched clutching ring. A flood of slick follows his withdrawal and the girth of his swollen knot has left Cas gaping. He plunges back inside and the slick squelching mess eases the way. His knot is even bigger and he thrusts in tight hard fucks until Cas is once again bucking back and begging for more. He stills and holds the Omega in place and works his knot past the twitching tight ring again. Castiel is stuffed full. His tight little ass is hanging onto Dean's knot like a miracle and the Alpha purrs his approval. He rubs his thumb over the stretched hole and Cas is reduced to panting.
“Probably not” Charlie answers. “Most EDM artists go by a pseudonym. You might find the name online though.”
A warm dry palm wraps around the nape of his neck. Castiel. The scent of him, now crouching in front and slipping that healing grace beneath his skin. His breath touches Dean’s bare shoulder and the intimacy of that, after months and months with so many layers. Bare skin and breath. It’s overwhelming and Dean is afraid to open his eyes and let Castiel see how affected he is.
“I would say it was. If you somehow called me across a room. If you pulled me away from a fight or a meeting. Dean. I think there is more to it. The henge pulled me from non existence. Or influenced some power to pull me. You could have an entire ocean of grace and it couldn’t do that. I think it was all the rest. Powering it and pointing it was the grace. You wrote a prayer in enochian, Dean. You know how enochian sigils work. They draw boundaries. They set limits. They provide structure. They are inherently close to the same words that created this world and all the rest. If you happen to soak an enochian prayer in human blood and flesh and pour intention and will into it and then douse it with grace. Well. apparently it builds a henge and grabs an angel from wherever they might be. Even if that place is beyond life.”
“Why Mr. Novak, it sounds like you are suggesting a whole lotta unmated sex.” Dean gasps as Cas finds his earlobe with his teeth. “What would the public say?” Dean chuckles and rubs his big palms over Cas’ ass.
“My mother was buried today” Cas says around the thick tension in his throat.
Dean flips his keys into the bowl and just rests at the end of the kitchen counter. He presses his fingertips into his burning eyelids and groans. He was so fucking exhausted. He hasn't slept for shit in a solid week. The problem with comforting Omega mating scent, is that it's only comforting when its not fading and slipping away. When that ghostly whisper of desire gets harder and harder to hold on to. It feels like loss. It feels like his goddamn chest had been stomped in. Just a few more days and hopefully it will finally be gone and he can try to forget all of it.
Dean vibrates with anticipation all day long. He is so distracted that he manages to almost break his foot beneath a wobbly jack, he tips over an entire container of paint, and he forgets a packet of screws is on his lap before standing. Nothing can dim his happiness though. Even though half his day is cleaning up his clumsiness.
Until he reaches out from behind the curtain to search for a towel. Nothing. Not a single towel in the tiny room. Of fucking course. Dean sighs. Ok. He is going to have to drip his way into the main room and find something to dry off with.
“I bet if we were listening to the TV, we could hear exactly what they would say.” Cas replies sardonically.
The DJ had forgotten how lonely that ocean song was. Damn. The first prayer from the praying man had been about feeling this. And here he was, bringing it up again. Shit. Ok. Time to move back into this room. They are all here together feeling the same thing and sharing it all.
Cas tilts his head and squints at Dean.. Well fuck. There goes his mouth again. “You, uh. Figure things out pretty quick.” It takes the Alpha about ten seconds to remember why the hell he had decided Cas was pretty smart in the first place. The things Cas had “figured out”. Namely his panty kink. And there goes his face again.
“I didn’t make that bet, Charlie!” Dean complains
They stood just like that until the heartbreaking sobs soften into shuddering breath. Dean finally stepped away to grab some tissues and Cas toed off his shoes. He didn't want to track dirt onto the carpet. The motion was so familiar that it soothed something inside him. Practicing a ritual from before. He had done this exact thing right in this spot hundreds of times. The tiny moment unfolded something precious and bright in Castiel. The warm vanilla scent of contented Omega and the crisp apple tang of home begins to gently build in his skin.
But it had worked. Maybe. There isn’t any real way to check.
He had insisted that he wasn't interested in mating or being paired off. Mostly because he knew the ridiculous people his family would try to stick him with. Wealthy powerful Alphas that would swaddle him all the way to the grave probably. He had insisted that his studies were the focus of his interest. And they really were. Mostly. Finding those goddamn sexy panties had wrecked everything. Going into a strange Alphas bedroom and sniffing his underwear while orgasming wildly is hardly the actions of a completely asexual and innocent studious Omega. Nope. His family is going to think this means he is sex starved and needs a mate to settle him down. He isn't sex starved! Mostly. He is twenty. That means of course he is sort of sex starved. Ugh. His web browser might have some AonA porn on it. Ok. Ok. He might be a little bit less than innocent. But seriously. Mr. Winchester was an unfair challenge. A blue collar Alpha with such delicate features and that big Alpha body. And he wore panties. Soft pretty pink ones. Castiel knows enough about the taboos of sex. Alphas are supposed to want one thing. To dominate a submissive mate with a slick hole. There is a lot of porn to suggest that the narrative doesn't exactly fit everyone. And Dean wears pretty femme things in secret. Does it mean he might not mind being pretty for his mate? He might not mind being soft and giving? Maybe he likes being told that he looks beautiful? He is every inch a hardworking man with callouses and beer and flannels. Castiel is every inch the soft Omega. Long delicate manicured hands and such a sheltered pampered life.
The angel takes his silence as discomfort and tries to explain. “Human eyes are. Inefficient.” There is a small beat of silence before he says. “No offence.” Which makes Dean laugh just a little bit. When nothing happens for a second, the hunter wonders if Cas has changed his mind until he speaks again. “You might want to close your eyes.”
Dean brushes his lips in the softest slow kiss because suddenly Cas is so very close and suddenly there isn't any kind of hurry. His lips are surprisingly lush and wider than the feminine mouths he has kissed before. Besides, Cas seems to be frozen for a long few seconds. Registering the feeling before finally nudging his chin forward to encourage Dean to press again. They linger with just slow sweet nuzzling touches until Dean nips Castiel's bottom lip with his teeth. That inspires a soft little sound to pour from his mouth into Dean's.
They both are completely clothed. Only the rude jutting pink of Castiel's cock from his pants would suggest that this moment is sexual. But Dean is already falling apart. His mate has pinned him and is in no hurry to relieve himself or Dean.
No. It can’t be. “Cas. You can’t believe that is true. It isn’t true.” Dean frowns. Fuck. No.
“Don't die, Alpha. I’m not done with you.” Cas teases and catches his earlobe with his teeth. “Come here. Kneel right here. I want you to have the best view.” Cas motions to a pillow that has somehow appeared next to the tub. To be fair, Dean had been completely distracted and might not have noticed it. Before he can even think about it, he is kneeling and Cas is towering over him all bathed in candlelight. He looks like some ancient prince or fallen god. So striking and every sharp edge and tight muscle painted in firelight. His eyes glitter as he unfastens his pants and that wild hot scent of Omega rides the air so thick that Dean can almost taste it. It’s a good thing he is kneeling or his knees might have failed him. Then Cas is standing naked and Dean reaches to brush his fingertips over his hip. His Omega presses his long fingers over Dean’s hand, pressing it into his skin for a long moment before he guides it away.
“It IS safe. Now close your eyes, Dean.” The angel says in the familiar aggrieved tone he takes when he is being especially patient with ridiculous humans. It makes Dean smile as he closes his eyes obediently.
And this green eyed lover
“I missed you too. So much.” Dean answers before falling into the spell of the humming air conditioner and the waning gold of evening sunlight. They doze while somebody outside is mowing a lawn and the house wraps them safe and warm and together. Finally.
“I can be very persuasive.” The angel whispers and traces one fingertip over Dean’s jaw, leaving the hot sweet glide of grace behind his touch.
And he might never see wings again
Those pretty blue eyes are clouded over with worry and Cas licks his dry lips. “Dean, this is my fault. If we didn’t have to wait, you wouldn’t have hurt yourself like this. You obviously really need this from me a lot. I am so sorry. We can stop if it's just too much.” Cas’ voice rises and his worried hands fidget and wring together as his thoughts begin to pile up. “I didn't know! I swear I didn't know that your instinct would hurt you. I can go until all of this is over. Because I'm not sure if I can stop getting excited around you. But if it's--”
So we sit here at sunrise
his eyes beg. The angel touches each witness to the seizure and edits their memory. An ambulance isn't going to fix this. Somebody had tried to physically keep an angel's mate from reaching him during the first moments of bonding. Its intense for an angel. Apparently deadly for a human. He helps the shaky man up onto the stage and finds him a metal folding chair that he scoots right up next to the decks. The praying man collapses into the seat with visible relief and leans into Castiel's hip as he straightens to transition to the next song. There is twenty minutes left to his set and this wild pleasure that the praying man dumped over his wings is now pulsing out to the crowd. The entire sweaty mass of humans is now horny as fuck. Goddamnit. A little horny is great. A lot horny and it's gonna descend into a full blown bacchanal. He has to be cool. Calming. He has to back all of them down off this ledge. This mood is a direct aggression to the souls that are asexual out there. His audience didn't consent to an orgy. He centers himself, distances himself from his vessel for a moment and hopes to fuck that the praying man doesn't speak for a while. The relief is obvious as the song changes. The praying man's soul contracts back down into the cage of his chest and he slumps tired and dazed into the chair. Ok. Everything is so much calmer. Ok. Cool and casual.
It ends.
“Yes?” He asks and waits with the same inhuman patience for whatever the hunter might have started this conversation about.
Hunters and witches and demons and all that, they tend to get wrapped up in codes, in symbols and signs and watchwords. It seems a kind of flavor to the occult and supernatural that lends itself to secrets. Angels, it seems, were designed before this system of checks and balances had to be maintained. They came before all of it. The intricacies of weaving a culture and presence into the holes and gaps of human intuition. A werewolf has that special schedule as a survival mechanism. To spend most of its time harmless and blending in. Giving the wolves a chance to propagate and escape. Demons are just complex humans. Twisted, to be sure. But the hierarchy and pecking order and constant struggle for dominance. It has the same patterns that humans do. The high dramatics. The scheming net to trick the world into letting them exist.
Dean's robotic efforts in the shower takes only minutes and he is quickly donning his oldest pair of sweats and a faded metallica tee shirt. This zombie state lasts until the very second he pulls back the unmade blanket and sheets. The flap of fabric peels back and he is rocked back onto his heels with a drenching flood of Omega sex. A low purring growl is punched from deep inside his chest and he bends at the waist to press his face into the center of the bed. It is still warm! The bed is still holding his Omega's heat. Quickly, he crawls onto the bed and pulls the blanket over himself. He makes a hot cave of trapped scent and reaches to pull his pillow to his suddenly aching chest. His body is already racing to answer the thrumming call and Dean whimpers at the huff of scent that is even rubbed into his pillow. He smooths his palm over the sheets and finds a wide warm wet spot. Here. His mate had been right here. The scent is sex of course, but there is a fullness to it. A ripeness that billows from the cinnamon vanilla musk. His Omega was comforting him. The blankets pressing him on all sides might as well have been warm arms.
Dean had traveled all this way. He packed his shit and locked up his apartment. He had planned his clothes for the weather and got a translation app on his phone just in case. He knew intellectually that this moment was expected. He mentally gamed out exactly how he should look around the room. He had planned how he would greet his mate. Apparently you can think about something for weeks and still be totally shocked and surprised when it actually happens. Apparently there isn't any way to prepare. The song is a million times more potent live than listening to a recording. The sound had already been reverberating in his bones and the walls. Now it rattles and shakes deeper, into some space he can't touch. He had cried with a longing ache in the coffee shop. He had itched with the drawing pull of the song the entire journey here. But now there is no relief from the throbbing pulse of it and there is nowhere he needs to go. So the song pins him in place and builds into impossible screaming need.
feathers hurt when they drip
"Castiel. Are you telling me, there is an album out there. Downloaded onto thousands or millions of devices that has an angel's calling card? Your sacred name. Are you telling me that some demon could be rocking out to your inner light? You just handing out your essance as a fucking mixtape? Any hunter or witch or one of our own bloody kind could use that knowledge to core you like an apple and fill the center with their own will! Castiel, it’s the most ridicul-"
“Huh?” Dean manages to whimper while trying to simultaneously hide his boner beneath his arm and adjust his underwear to stop cutting into his erection.
The weight and texture of his Alpha saying they are mated is enough to shake Castiel to his core. This absolutely beautiful man is standing bare ass naked before him and using his true voice. Not to compel or demand. He is using it to bind himself to promises of waiting. Swearing to honor Castiel's timing and needs. If ever he had a moment to doubt or question his rash and compulsive behavior when he threw himself at Dean, right now he knows he won't question it again. This entire thing might have started by stumbling upon a naughty shared secret, but the warm sexy Alpha holding him now is everything he could have asked for.
Falling asleep in the middle of the afternoon means that Dean is completely disoriented when he wakes just after two in the morning. There had been a sound. For a second, he is thrown back into the nightmare of the last time he had seen Castiel. Any second now, there will be the slam of boots and screams and confusion.
“Dean?” He asks with obvious suspicion. His brows scrunch down in that familiar confused expression that transforms to a grimace of disgust. “There is a terrible smell.”
Dean does visit Naomi’s bedside the very next day. He approaches straight from work and carrying the weirdest looking plant. He walks directly up to Castiel and thrusts the spindly looking potted oddity right into his surprised hands. “I can’t really buy flowers or shop for them. They kinda fuck with my nose and it's all weird for days. So I was thinkin’ and a plant is kinda the same idea. So I went to the grocery store and this little dude was the only one there. He kinda grows on ya though. I was thinking he looked like a Gary. You know? Sorta weird but totally one of the good guys. With that wild hairdo and all.” Dean finally manages to take a breath and realises he has been babbling for quite a while without a hello and that Cas is looking at him with wide surprised eyes. Dean blushes so pink that his freckles look like they are trying to float off of his face. Looking away to avoid that lazer blue stare, Dean finally notices that the patient isn’t in the room at all actually.
"Castiel, stop looking at me like that." Gabriel deadpans.
Castiel twists to face the door with an open and calm expression. He is the only person that Dean knows that enters a conversation without a single expectation hanging there. Everyone is always doing an enormous amount of work guessing what other people want and think. They approach conversations as if they are already mapping their answer. It hadn’t ever been so obvious before. Not until he met Cas.
Of all the ways that Dean pictured he might die, this wasn’t one of them. He wasn’t even on the tough part of the hunt! He had only been curious! Being a bit of a grease monkey, he had just wanted a peek at some of the innards of the industrial combine. The one right next to the crime scene. On second thought, he really knew better. Haunted combine isn’t even the weirdest thing he has encountered. He was doing ok though, jumping back when the thing whined to life, spinning on his heel to scoot out of there, when it happened. A scalding hot scrape of metal up his spine. Instantly he freezes in pure shock. Then, before his next breath, what might have been a scream is stolen as he is yanked harder than he has ever been yanked backward.
Sam says it was totally their lucky day that Castiel had taken up a suit against his family for emancipation. The kidnapping charge had been solid. Dean would have been on the hook and spent the next five years in prison if the family had not pivoted and decided that pressing the kidnapping charge was damaging to the custody case. Dean was attractive and charming. He was a family man and an alpha. They couldn't look caring and protective of family values and sufficiently concerned about the wellbeing of their Omega while ripping a pillar of the community a new asshole. So they had dropped the charges. Lucky him.
“Dean Winchester, you are ridiculous.” Castiel protests.
Or I could turn the nervous heat
Spreading slick from
They both freeze and Cas immediately asks in a panicked voice “Dean! Are you hurt? What?  IS THAT BLOOD?” His fingertips are wet and it’s too dark to see. Immediately he scrambles off the Alpha and reaches to knock absolutely everything off the side table to get the lamp on. They both wince at the terribly bright light and sure enough, his fingertips glisten with fresh blood. There is a livid ring of teeth marks on Dean’s arm and the pressure had reopened the wound to bleed sluggishly. Before he can even breathe a protest, Cas has whisked them into the master bathroom and dug out the first aid kit so he can fuss with the injury. “Dean, this won't heal like a mating bite would. No extra antibodies from a blood bond. What were you thinking?” he scolds and bandages and scowls over the the injury as if it were a deadly wound.
“Fuck yes, don’t stop Cas.” Dean buries his fingers in Castiel’s soft hair and groans as Cas kitten licks up his shaft through the panties. He fights the urge to buck and mash his Omega’s head down harder. The delicacy of the sensation shoots shivers up and down his arms and legs and curls his toes. “Fuck!” The sound of hot wet fucking starts again, so all of those desperate groans and whimpers are now being poured over his satin clad dick and his jaw aches with the urge to bite. His oral need is so desperate that he hears his teeth snap and that digs another desperate noise from Cas. It’s a sensual feedback loop that isn’t going to end until one of them breaks. Dean is trying to do math in his head to keep himself from the edge but equations have no chance against the way it feels when Cas turns his head to the side and his soft hair is brushing against Dean’s thigh and he uses the edge of his teeth! Dean’s hips flinch in an aborted effort to fuck up into the sensation and he whimpers with the need to cum. Cas grunts with effort and he nuzzles down to the richest heart of the sex scent trapped in the panties. He laps at Dean’s balls, nosing beneath and dragging in the scent of sandalwood that is layered over gasoline and pages. That scent is what drags him over the edge. He presses his forehead into the crease of Dean’s thigh and shudders hard. His entire body clenching down tight and tighter before releasing with a hard punch of pleasure. He screams the name of his Alpha and rolls his face into the stiff ridge of his cock as his body spurts two and then two more wet streaks of slick between his cramping fingers. His orgasm is forceful and so the spraying mess catches the edge of the toilet and sink. It paints the wall and channels into the grout and cabinet.
“Cas, its fine.” Dean covers the Omega's hand with his own. This only makes the frown on his mate's face even worse. “Hey. Talk to me.”
“Cas. What are you….are you ok?” Dean awkwardly tries to turn, but Cas stubbornly keeps holding him in place.
The needle sings
To the smeared remnants of my pie
"Like what?"
It turns out that a neat little note propped on his dresser is more pressing than the apocalypse. Holy shit. How had he missed it? His undignified bowlegged knot walk to the dresser is totally worth it. He gasps and gathers the sweatpants to his crotch with a third orgasm of the hour as he makes it safely back to the bed. Goddamn. He is a fucking mess.
This man has no idea they are even real or that the DJ can feel what he is doing. He is petting the wings because they are soft and warm and because he is tired and emotionally drained. He is handling them so gently though. Not bending any feathers or tugging hard. Well. Castiel might not mind if he tugged hard. Fuck. He has to stop staring at the man petting his wings. And he can't just keep calling him "the praying man". He also needs an excuse to sweep his wings out of those hot hands because it’s going to make him orgasm in his pants and that is just ridiculous.
Castiel dips his head to nip at Dean's throat. Scraping blunt teeth over his pulse and sucking hard. Dean squirms at the sensation and Cas tugs his hair again. “I want. I need to show you. Dean, the first time I needed you like this. It was.” Cas stops, unable to put it into words. “I can't describe it. I wanted to bring you in here. This room. I want to show you, Alpha.”
Castiel twitches with a full body shudder as the sudden prayer licks up his wings. The flapping shiver whacks Gabriel right in the face with one half decorated wing. “Hey!” he protests and bats the feathers from his mouth. “What the fuck?”
They both break into soft breathless snickers and Dean covers his face with his palm. He hasn’t ever felt this vulnerable and exposed to another person in his entire life. It just feels that way. He has been much more vulnerable and open with women. But he feels it so much more here. Omega or not, Castiel is a man and Dean has never really let his guard down with men in this way.
“Well, if you take off your shirt again.” The angel retorts smartly.
Castiel flinches mid laugh and feels his face burn as the prayer reminds him that the man is here. The praying one. And he is apparently sensitive as shit. The introduction and first tune of the night is to let the crowd know him and he has to come on pretty strong to reach the less sensitive in the crowd. This man is out there. Seeing him. Seeing him very very well. So well that the prayer was soaked in humiliated arousal. So now Angel is also humilated and aroused. He fumbles for the first time. Ever. In the middle of his first song. And backs off. Way way off. His music turns shy. Flat. Its almost human as he lets himself have a moment to recover. He turns from the decks for a second to snatch a water bottle and sucks down half of it in long gulps. This is. Well. It's exciting. He doesn't ever get real feedback on his sets. I mean, he does. But it's human emotion and it washes over him while belonging to another. This prayer stuff. It shares it. Injects the feeling all into his wings and lights up his vessel. His mind flies over his tracklist. Ok. He is going to switch some stuff around. He has an audience of one. He hopes the man will pray some more. Maybe his music can ask all the right questions. Angel smiles to himself and turns back to the decks to run the transition into something way more laid back. He will send an apology.
“No. Dean, I mean they actually are. Here. The two missing coverts.” Cas touches a place beneath the hunter’s shoulder blade.
Your soft eyes have spilled blue dawn
you know
And if there is forgiveness
But once there was an angel
Dean turns to lean against the wall and crosses his arms. “Hey Cas, so now that I am warned, what exactly was your plan for getting out of here?”
Gabriel watches the tender expression flit across Castiel's features. "He can't be human, Castiel. We are angels. He cannot even see your face without his head exploding. You know we were inoculated. The tuning makes it impossible. There are laws. They were completely destroyed. The nephilim were too dangerous. We can't resonate with them any more. Not for thousands of years now. He cannot be your mate." Gabriel is trying to be gentle, but his words seem to punch into Castiel like fists. His face is etched with worry. Sorrow and confusion radiate from his vessel and his blue eyes shine with sudden tears.
Castiel rubs his face against the pillow to press his scent further into the fabric. Then he cuddles the other pillow to his chest and throat and just rests for a long moment.
“Only you, Dean.” Cas says, in the distracted tones of somebody intensely studying something.
I can't be alone today
But now, it was all so much bigger. It was about so much more. Dean couldn't contact Cas. It was very important that he follow the legal council and not fuck up Castiel's chances. He hadn't even stood in the same room as his mate since that awful morning.
Castiel simply nods and Dean withdraws his tingling fingers to rub nervously down his thigh. Before he can quite catch his breath, Castiel is moving away. His energetic pace is dragging him out of sight and Dean is left feeling poleaxed.
He was too sleep deprived and emotionally wrung out to do anything other than let the tears fall from the corners of his eyes. The longing blooms into the full wild spark of Alpha determination to claim. He would let himself want this. He would shelter this claiming demand in his chest. He would have his mate. John Winchester hadn’t spoiled the bright heart of his son completely. There in his bed, it began to softly shine again. A mess making Omega had coaxed the tired heart of his Alpha into life. And he is Alpha to his very DNA. He will get what he wants.
“Yes. It is likely that the rock would be picked up by someone and carried closer to me. Then another circumstance like a flood or car would push the rock closer. Until one day I would be reunited with the lost piece of grace. It works the other way too. I am pulled toward it. I would find myself turning in that direction. I would notice things looking very nice in that path. Choices I make would bring me toward it.”
Suddenly his feet are unglued from the stage and he pushes forward to kneel beside the man. Immediately the tremors stop and the man reaches for him.
Cas remains silent but moves into the living room looking pale and shaken. Now that he is here, it seems like everything for the past year is just piling right on top of his head. All at once. He is so goddamn tired. Every single detail of his private life and struggle has been exposed to the entire world. Every day has been challenge after challenge. The only thing. The only singular thing he could cling to, is that he had kept Dean out of that constant microscope. And now all of that is ruined too. He has had to ask himself a hundred, a thousand times? Can I do this? Can I KEEP doing this? Will I survive this? It’s just one more weight added to the rest but he can feel himself breaking. Why can’t he have just one private thing? Just one secret left to himself. One quiet night that had soft kisses and the scent of sandalwood and books. He tries to breathe around the pain.
Gabriel watches the struggle with amusement. "Oh ho! He did hmm? I have had prayers for thousands of years. The humans direct prayers to me often because they have heard of me. What was on his mind, Castiel?" The archangel smiles as if he already knows.
Monday mornings suck. Especially Monday mornings when you only get three hours of sleep. Just one more hour would have made a world of difference, but it wasn’t meant to be. Dean’s sleep had been interrupted by the weirdest dreams. Maybe Sammy was right. Bacon cheeseburgers are starting to warp his sleep. If this was getting old, it sucked. There had been this flashing blue light and the sound of a heartbeat and the feeling of having to run away. It really was a freaking weird ass dream and then his brain hadn’t let him fall back asleep. So here he was on Monday morning, lining up with every other poor working soul to grab some caffeine. At least most of the morning rush had already trickled away and the 9am drabble of folks weren’t enough to get his grump any more ruffled than it already was. Dean snags his coffee from the red-haired barista with only a half hearted smile. He finds a corner table to slump over and flips his phone into his palm to check for any updates from Sammy. Nothing but an Instagram picture showing his dorky puppy face shining as he snugs Jess right up against his enormous chest. Figures. They look amazing of course. Dean feels his heart bump harder in his chest. Jealousy? Nah. He is truly happy that his brother has found somebody. His chest just keeps up that hard thump though. Reaching to rub at the ache, he frowns a bit at his coffee. A racing heart with only a couple of sips of coffee? Nah.
And another monster
“What do you mean?” Dean asks
His mate looks totally wrecked. He is biting that perfect bottom lip and one eyebrow is cocked. The sexual heat in his eyes could burn down the house. Goddamn. Castiel looks so fucking good like this. Is he about to come? Dean slides his hands up Cas’ trousers to press his palm against the hard line of his cock. The special scent of his sex is soaking the air. He shudders hard when Dean rubs and strokes him through the heavy fabric.
It turns out that male Omega rights still haven't managed to make it to emancipation. Basically, the autonomy of male Omegas is passed from Alpha to Alpha. Castiel is under guardianship of his Uncle until he is properly mated to another Alpha. Upon finding out that Castiel had not returned to the hospital after his work shift, his uncle had put an alert out for his whereabouts and triggered the search for a kidnapped minor. Turns out that the fat balding asshole that Dean had met in his yard, was Jeremiah Adler-Novak. Legal guardian. Also strangely enough, Jeremiah is running for a state senate seat. Its amazing timing that he got the perfect opportunity to bloviate about his “strong family values” and “protecting our cultural heritage”. He leaves his nephew in an unmated Alphas home on purpose and calls the cops the moment he knows he can. His disgusting smarmy face is making the rounds on all the political streams. He had set Castiel up. Perfectly. Using his nephew as leverage for tallying up how he has acted on his conservative values.
It's better than sex
Over those bright hills
Dean winces. Was his song weird?
He feels an instant flood of relief as he rounds the last corner on the block and it is still and quiet. Awesome. He had beat them there. Fuck. He parks in front of the little house and takes a long moment to breathe. This wasn’t how he wanted to see Dean again. How is he going to ever make up for this mess? Finally he screws up his courage and makes his way to the front door, knocking and feeling so awkward. He doesn’t have a key to this house anymore. It feels so strange to be locked out of this place. And there he is. Dean is swinging the door open. So beautiful. He is wearing a grey teeshirt and some well worn jeans. His feet are bare. The scent of libraries and leather reaches out to embrace Cas. Home.
Castiel knows just one secret from Dean. Only one. But it has wedged open this space inside him that feels tender and sore. Another man knowing that one secret really means that man knows more about him than any other man but his brother. Sure, he ain't ever gonna share his gross sex secrets with Sam. But he doesn't worry that if Sam figures it out somehow that he will lose his love.
Tiny shooting stems of hope
Castiel has had audiences with beings of unfathomable power. He IS a being of unfathomable power. He is still dreading this conversation. It's all well and good to make a secret little wish list in some angsty million year old teenager fit of despair and drunkenness. It's another to be face to face with the literal man of his dreams and have to explain exactly how all of this happened. Why couldn’t he just be Gabriel for the night? His social skills are most definitely NOT up for this
There. The brush of a fingertip. Dean knew where it would land before it ever happened. In the center of his back, between his shoulder blades, tucked in a framing tangle of feathers. Enochian. Castiel’s name is traced there. For life.
“That Omega is safe, Dean. We returned him to his family. But you really need to be focusing on yourself. You have a whole mess o’trouble heading your way.” Benny shakes his head ruefully.
Castiel races for the ensuite bathroom. He is desperate to catch the mess before his jeans are soaked. Stripping down, he is relieved to note that only his underwear are casualties so far. Underwear. Fuck. He had brought the panties with him to the bathroom. And now he is naked from the waist down, fully aroused and holding sex soaked panties in his fist. So he does the next natural thing and bends himself over the edge of the enormous soaker tub and presents like the star of some porno. He is huffing and licking the silk like a maniac and shoving his fingers into his horny body with abandon. The angle is terrible and it offers barely any relief. Still he humps his hips wildly and hooks his fingers against his rim to tug his hole open wider. All while imagining licking that Alpha cock covered in silk. He whimpers and imagines the hot line of hard dick straining the little panties and pre-come soaking out to coat his tongue. His entire body shudders with need. His spread hole feels more open than ever. Begging to be filled. He clenches and gapes to the room as he strains to soothe it even a little. Three and then four wet fingers pumping and twisting as he tightens his hole to feel the rubbing pleasure against his walls. It only takes moments before he comes hard and paints the side of the tub with his release. A gushing flow of wetness is ejected from his orgasming channel so forcefully that it spurts from between his fingers in a squirting arc that hits the bathmat and the edge of the hanging towels and pools in the grout of the tile floor. Fuck.
“Dean, can you come up here? I have a problem.” Cas has barely finished his sentence when already there is a big happy Alpha bouncing up the steps, already eager to help.
Castiel almost hadn’t made it to Dean’s house for a second week. His mother wasn’t feeling well. She had been throwing up all morning and her feet and hands were swollen. She brushed aside his concern and said it probably was just overwork because her hands and feet would often swell after standing for hours. Maybe she had eaten something bad. Castiel tried to insist that she stay home and rest, but of course, her stubbornness prevailed. By the time they had made it to Dean’s home, her strength was waning and so Castiel parked her on the couch and got the happy delight of cleaning Dean’s home himself. Well, it was a delight until he had made his way upstairs.
All of humanity within miles celebrates this joyous party. Happy unexplained grins and warm hugs and forgotten feelings of connection spread throughout the city all along with a half heard song. Somewhere in the distance. Maybe somebody's car radio? Maybe the house down the road? The punchback from his increased power is fucking intoxicating. He hasn't been this powerful since stepping from the threshold of heaven.
“It was very native american. Like. Talking eagle. Very peyote.” Dean says with thought creased brows.
Touching the back of the seat
“That is our song.” The skinny man brags while clutching the bright eyed blonde’s hand and shooting her a loving smile.
"No one told me that prayers came with that extraordinary data. The feeling in my vessel. It was overwhelming." I almost fell off the deck.
He is just too tired to note the freshly cleaned carpet or note the sparkling kitchen. His mind feels wrapped in cotton. Making his way to the bedroom, he takes in a long breath of the apple pie and vanilla scented air. Fuck. So good. He is such a lonely desperate fuck that he is even hallucinating that the scent is coming back. Ugh. He is going to shower and crawl into bed immediately. He just can’t keep going. Fuck dinner. It's just too much effort.
“Stuck with you? Oh my fucking God. Two minutes ago you were saying we should have mated before all this mess and now you are saying I should go find somebody else?” Cas begins pacing the floor
With the tacky tic of rubber shoes
“What? You're serious. Ah shit Cas. I wish I would have known.” Dean flinches to consider all the really perverted things he had been thinking of enjoying with this innocent. “I could have. I dunno. Done something special or something. Gone slow.” He rubs a hand over his face and tries to will his body to slow down.
“Mmmm, I'm busy.” Dean growls and stands with ease, taking Cas with him, arms and legs holding on tight.
Of course that lasts about a minute. Because that wild impossible infuriating human begins to touch his goddamn wings! Sure, Castiel can weave the music of the spheres and speak to the wild heart of every living thing. But it is asking too much to radiate cool composure and to calm a room of humans down. Not while this man gently slides his fingertips down one long flight feather. It all starts with just curious touching those wider stiff feathers. But the tactile lure of softness seems to draw the calloused hands deeper into the downy warmth. There is one rough warm brush of his thumb over the inner layer of down and the skin catches sensuously until one of the soft fuzzy feathers tugs free and the tension and release is so good that the angel gasps and feels a messy spurt of precome soak warmly into his clothes. His vessel has never felt so wildly human, so directly affected. His face is flushed pink and every inch of his skin feels aware of the man that is shell shocked and not even aware he is absently and distractedly toying with an angels wings. It's actually adorable and innocent.
The needle sang
Dean tries not to have a heart attack at the completely direct and matter of fact tone in Castiel’s voice. “Holy fuck, Cas. You are trying to kill me.”
"Remember when I found that liquor store? I drank all of it. Gabriel. You know how hard it has been. It's gotten so much worse. I can't keep siphoning your grace. I can't stop the constant bleed of it. It hurts Gabriel. I am-I was. I was losing myself. Forgetting myself. I tried so hard to hang on. I listened to every single possible scrap of advice from you. I tried to live the chaos. Tried to be assured and without fear and holding joy in the turn of fate. I am not you Gabriel. I was losing myself. So I thought. I thought I would write myself down. In a song. Write down the song of me. Just to remind myself. To keep myself grounded. The humans wouldn't know what it was. It was rough. I only used human means. I didn't want to hurt them. I kept it simple. I tried playing it alone and it barely worked. I could feel the anchor right there. Just couldn't hold on to it. So I performed it live. At a gig. It didn't hurt anyone. They loved it! My producer wanted to release it as a single. It gave me a sticking point for weeks at a time. Some solid point in time. In memory. Of myself. A tangible memory that didn't slide away.
“It’s EDM. Electronic Dance Music? No lyrics. Just computer generated and with that beat to it. You know?”
“Well I did promise you more hugs. Are you going to take advantage of me like that and not be my boyfriend, Cas? I thought you were better than that. And yes. Like I said. Magic. Tattoo” He teases.
“But what, Dean?” Castiel is mirroring his confusion back at him.
The serious news magazine has Castiel on the front cover in a dark blue suit. His arms are crossed and his face looks like he is going to righteously smite somebody. It's certainly not the face of a sweet innocent shy pretty Omega. That face is dominant and taking no prisoners. Its signature Castiel. The Omega who is single handedly taking on the entire political machine that is arrayed against him. He won't be owned. He will win his autonomy. He has taken it all the way to the supreme court.
Taking a deep breath and allowing Castiel to leverage him off the concrete floor, Dean reaches back to dust the ass of his jeans free of hay and dirt. The unexpected brush of fingertips over his hairline makes Dean flinch in surprise. The angel is combing bits of debris from his hair with a frown of concentration. It’s so endearing that Dean stops for a second and catches the edge of Castiel’s coat with his fingertips. When he finally notices that Dean is watching him, Castiel catches his eyes again. Ok. They can’t stand in this barn all day. Dean clears his throat and turns to escape yet another staring contest.
“They are only partial wings because I imagine actual wings would have to be really big and I wanted the scale. So. It’s just feathers. Not nearly wings. Really.” It seems like now his mind has decided to unfreeze and the unfortunate side effect is now he is talking way too much in exchange for his earlier lack.
With a snap of his fingers, they find themselves in a rather over decorated suite with a handy red velvet fainting couch for Dean. Castiel handles the man like he is spun glass and moves to sit between Gabriel and the sleeping man. The archangel has to hide a grin at his friend acting so out of character. Gabriel motions for Castiel to turn and begins the slow relaxed motions of disentangling the strings of LED lights from the arching flow of feathers. "Now, I can't wait any more. Tell me. What the fuck?"
“Fair point.” the hunter concedes.
“Dean Winchester.” Castiel’s tone has a breathless softness to it, as if the angel has just taken a punch to the stomach. But there is command there. Steel. Dean knows better than to keep moving as if he didn’t hear him. He stops in his tracks. He isn’t brave enough to turn around and face his friend, though. There really wasn’t any way to prepare for this conversation. Or maybe there was, but it was too late for that now.
A resounding bang at the door interrupts another staring match and they both jump guiltily.
“What do you think has changed between then and now? You wouldn't have minded mating me when I was a scared innocent that was being crushed. But now that I am pushing back and standing on my own you don't want me? Is that it?” His bright eyes blaze into Dean's as he edges closer to him.
Fuck. What he wants is his face buried in this scent when it is fresh from the source. He can’t stop the way his jaw aches all over again. Like the first time. The mouthwatering scent has an oral fixation riding him hard. He wants to taste. Bite. Suck. Lick. He wants anything he can get in his mouth and for now it's the fingers that had rubbed over that wet patch. His hand is scent marked with that special claiming slick. The bed is wet enough that he even has some dampness shining in the webbing between his fingers. So he pops the digits into his pretty mouth and licks between  them before sucking hard. The flavor ramps up his need and his free hand is teasing the base of his cock where already his knot is pulsing with heat and threatening to swell.
Dean tosses his keys into the metal bowl on the kitchen counter and toes his boots off. The exhaustion of the entire day weighs heavy on his shoulders and back. It's been a long ass day and the anticipation of a hot shower, some food, and the evening spent on the couch has him already sighing in relief. That and the fresh sparkling clean room.
“At your mom's funeral? They were asking about me?” Dean shakes his head. “Assholes. It's a damn funeral.”
Somehow, Dean knows that whatever is hiding in all that silence behind the words “I want” is something he would do anything to give to the angel. Anything at all.
“You could get busier, you know.” Cas goads the Alpha and laughs when they crash into the wall to make out. “Let’s at least try to make it to the bedroom!”
Dean carefully peeks through the curtains that lace the window facing the yard. “It's them. Holy shit. That’s a lot.”
The Alpha can feel his racing heartbeat stutter in complete shock. His shoulder screams in protest as he twists to try to look at his friend through the metal grate between seats.
“I assume everyone is gay until they tell me otherwise”, Charlie informs him with a knowing smirk.
Because last night I had that dream
So when Dean looked for sigils and chants and spells and tricks to make the universe help him get Castiel back. There weren't any. Because that isn’t how any of this works. The universe bends around an angel, not the other way around.
And after, things just happened too fast. The fragile cracks in his psyche never felt strong enough to explain what he had done. How hurt he had been. What he had needed in those dark days.
And beneath those wings
“It's because we are a mess, Dean.” Cas jokes back and drags his laughing mate to the kitchen to make 2am food for starving stomachs.
“Cas, you could have saved yourself all this publicity and the court cases and everything if we had just mated.” Dean states plainly.
"But I don't know how t-" Castiel shouts desperately while clutching for Gabriel's sleeve. But the archangel had already popped away with a rustle of wings.
Dean recovers first, “Cas. hey.” he manages in a shaky croak. He wipes his hands on his jeans, obviously apprehensive.
Who said he saw his soul
“Hello, Dean.” Castiel tries to stop staring and glances down at his shoes for a second. Oh right. He is here for a reason. “May I come in?”
Please
Apparently he can’t out-confidence an angel of the fucking lord, because Castiel simply squares his jaw and locks eyes with him. “You only had to ask, Dean.”
The paparazzi was here. Of course. Just outside the perimeter where the cops are patrolling the edges. Keeping them away. The last thing they need to see is him losing his shit right now. Crazed Omega screaming at a coffin would make great print. Fuck. A wave of exhaustion washes over him. It’s over. The mad ticking wildness of his life will resume and he can't sit around feeling angst about his choices. Time to move forward.
