"Uh, I own Winchester Auto in town and also restore old cars, you need some work done?" Dean asked with piqued interest in the couple.
"I understand, um with sex I like to be in control, is that a problem?" Dean shook his head, the more he thought about it the less of a problem it became, besides he felt he'd get too bogged down in his head for them to ever move forward.
Throughout this whole plan Dean had tried his hardest to avoid Cas as much as possible (no thanks to interfering friends and brothers) but being like this he realized how much he'd missed him.
"Okay, we'll be there. Will Cas call Gabriel?"
"Well I thought we could host everyone here tonight, there's enough space and we even have a stone oven out the back so we could make our own pizza."
Smiling Cas opened the door to a whoosh of color running past them to the stairs, a bad feeling was quickly making itself known in Dean's stomach which was unfair because the air had the unmistakable aroma of pie. Continuing toward the kitchen they found Sam staring out the window, Cas quickly asking if he was okay before he got the chance.
"Sure, actually I was thinking about going out." Gabriel attempt to hide his surprise was shockingly bad unable to keep his eyebrows meeting his hairline. Sure Cas hadn't actually been out in the past week but it was hard, he was still keeping up with work and texting Dean.
"Sorry," he calls back, a second later he's coming through the door.
Dean spent the rest of the afternoon thinking about Charlie's suggestion, it was a really good idea. It could be construed as just two bros hanging out and nothing more. It was a way to reach out, with the action happening at his place which gave him the control.
"Wait a sec, Dean," said Cas stopping midway to yet another tree, obviously Gabriel was responding again.
"Gabriel sure is smart," said Sam apropos of nothing.
"We've all been there Cas," Sam tried for reassuring smiling when Cas nodded at him.
"Fine," he growled out "For Cas, happy?"
"Oh thank God because there's no way I'm moving anyway," commented Gabriel.
God, he wants that chance. Dean figures this is his last big hurdle if he wants to pursue a relationship with Cas he has to tell him the horrid truth. Not only the bits he's deemed suitable but everything, his fears and hopes too.
Henry looks at both of them, tongue between his lips his usual thinking gesture. "You're cool Dad, just not Uncle Sam cool." Sam can't help but laugh, his nephew is a great kid.
"Three! Wait what do you mean by first?"
"Keep telling yourself that Dean, like you ever go inside such an establishment." a giggle comes from Henry, causing Dean to look at his son in mock annoyance.
"Are you sure? There's always room for you Cas?" the smile he gets in response brings the swoopy feeling back.
Oh, "My sketchbook," she nodded.
"Thanks, she's a 1967 Chevy Impala, my Dad had her..." no, no, no, don't go down that road. Dean stopped, liking how Cas gave him time, once he got himself under control he continued, "She's mine now."
"Come on Dean, I think we should take a break, why don't we grab something to eat," suggested Cas.
"Gabriel! I'm not tricking Dean into kissing me,"
"Yeah?" Dean felt his cheeks warm under Cas' gaze.
Dean was saved from his thoughts, by the fact that his phone was ringing. Looking at the display he felt his heart fall down into his stomach. It was Cas. Cas was ringing him. Okay take deep breaths, this is fine, normal even. Two guys talking to each other on the phone. It happens all the time. Maybe he wanted to speak to Henry, after seeing him today, possibly calling with important plant maintenance.
Wait! When did warmth smell? Had he lit a candle and forgotten? Pfft, like he had candles.
Dean was pretty sure Cas could get him to do anything with that voice and his eyes alone, "You really like them that much?" asked Dean battling old memories.
"Devious, Cas I like him." Dean couldn't stop the smile spreading over his face if he tried, it lasted all of two seconds as Sam came out of the bathroom. Couldn't he catch a break, God what if Sam and Gabriel hated each other?
"And where can I find this guy," asked Sam making a show to look around, holy shit was Sam teasing him?
Dean closed his eyes he should've been expecting it, anytime conversation made it's way to the topic of sexuality out came the pan joke. Moving away from his (hiding) spot Dean stepped outside towards them, noticing how dumbfounded Cas looked he could see he was trying to formulate a sentence.
* * *
“No trouble, we got ice cream and had a good old gossip!” remarked Jo which got Henry laughing, it was a tad worrisome. “Right my Man until next time stay cool, bye guys.”
"So we can go to Hive, Daddy gets all huffy when I talk about my plant or the center. But I know you'll love it." blurted out Henry it was perhaps more than he meant to say.
"Yeah, ask Sam about it, I came in with Bal." Gabriel looked at him like he was crazy, "I like being early." he clarified expecting the eye roll he received.
"Do you want the gifts to stop? I was being over-ambitious thinking it wouldn't get out before the end."
"You think Meg had something to do with it?" piped up Sam causing Dean's concentration to shift to his brother, friggin' bitch.
"I'll take this inside assuming nothing in here needs feeding."
"Um, no after your last gift, which is so pretty, I wanted to give something back to you. Luckily Gabriel helped and Mary was more than happy to allow me to take over the kitchen." smiled Cas.
Here is chapter 6, I really want to start posting more regularly only writing is hard and I'm really slow. Hope you enjoy.
"Sure did Buddy, I thought we could hit up the cinema after doing up the garden."
"Nope, what's going on Sammy? Why are you all sad?" Henry moved closer to give his Uncle a hug that was quickly accepted before Sam pulled him onto his lap.
"Have fun Sam and Gabe don't go crazy or anything."
Why Sammy you little sneak?" said Gabriel proudly.
"Absolutely not!" wow that voice was deep and definitely having an effect on Dean.
"I'm ready to go," looking a little overwhelmed but sounding sure Cas stepped out of the house.
"They were in the kitchen, so I figured I brought them and didn't remember." defended Cas giving Dean an idea.
* * *
"As if I could get him to talk! But my Sammy, he'll be putty in my hands, in fact, I've got the perfect plan." Gabriel didn't wait for a response before dashing off.
"It's tradition to be sick of leftovers by the time January rolls around."
"Please tell me you don't need something embarrassing from the chemist." greeted Charlie skipping the pleasantries and sliding into the chair opposite him.
"What is it?" asked Cas.
The episode they land on is luckily the start of a marathon, that has the two of them settling down all nice and comfy with good food.
"What's up with Sammy?"
"Henry, did your Dad put you up to this?" asked Cas taking a bite of his muffin, the first taste told him Gabriel would want the recipe.
"Yep, I'm named after one, religious family but believe me my brother got the short end of the stick." said the man causing Dean's eyes to go wide, Cas was named for an angel, Cas had a brother called Gabriel.
"Take one and say thank you," he tells him making Henry freeze as if Dean doesn't know all of his tricks.
"Mother fucker!" shouts Dean both from the pain and surprise visit, definitely worse while watching a ghost show, not that Dean was scared by a TV show of course.
"Yeah, it's plain to see how close you are to each other," smiled Cas "Having trouble thinking of something?"
“They wanted me to give it to him but I refused, I thought they were doing it to torture me that if I said no they wouldn't go ahead,” spewing the truth like that actually felt good, “What happened?”
Dean nods taking the advice to think about, he feels better, lighter and finally ready for some pie.
"No, it's lovely only a little overwhelming," Cas told him truthfully.
"My advice Dean, surprise him, use what you know about him to woo." offers Mary smiling.
The kid did not do well with that sort of thing, "I'm going to talk to Gabriel and I probably won't be joining you tonight so you have a free ticket." Sam walked off looking happy which was good enough for Dean.
"Henry, it's so good to see you. Hello, Sam." Cas smiled at them. "You may call me Cas to Henry if you'd like if that's okay with your dad, is he here?" Sam wanted to applaud the man for being subtle.
"Gabe, gross."
"I'll have to take it to the garage, I.. uh checked over the over vehicles too." he wanted to make sure there was no other issues.
Sam caught sight of Gabriel after losing him to fairy lights, truthfully Sam was freaking out over gift ideas. Dean could be easily pleased with a cool t-shirt and coupons for pie, Cas would appreciate anything weird that humans had invented. Gabriel was extra hard because it meant so much and Sam had drawn his name out of the bowl.
Dean paused bottle in hand halfway from taking another sip as he surveyed the table full of empty bottles, fuck this was exactly what John used to do, the only difference was he had only ran out without blooding his fist too. Dean felt terror grip his nothing but beer filled stomach, “I’m gonna be sick,” luckily he had enough time and was able to dart between customers to the bathroom
It wasn't long before Sam walked over to him, "Cas' employee is going back to work." Sam didn't say anything else going back to Henry to wave goodbye at the departing van. Employee? Dean could believe that, but it wasn't proof there wasn't anything afoot.
"I didn't order anything."
"See ya brother," Benny called.
Right, it was too much to ask for the world to stop for a minute. "Yes Garth, he's opening tomorrow. I need him to cancel my appointments or get them covered and get the glass repaired. He might have to open a little later and tell him I'll call sometime too."
Does he like Cas? Like, like Cas?
"No, I want to kiss you first," Dean nodded and not a second later their mouths crashed together, starting sweet but soon becoming more demanding. Cas smartly rolled his hips again causing Dean to gasp, it was enough for Cas to slide his tongue inside to get his first real taste of his human.
"What does the tag say?" asked Sam, obviously Gabriel had filled him in about what was happening.
"Aw, my heart," Gabriel clutched his chest moving against the wall to make room, "Come in, Sammy will be down in a tick." ushering them through the kitchen Gabriel quickly started on the coffee. "Henry, may I try a muffin?"
Surely not, Dean immediately called his little brother, "Sammy are you scared of Cas?" he asked trying to keep from laughing.
"Gabriel went to pick Cas up, he's coming here." Dean got the words out believing the panic was beginning to sober him up.
"That could have massively backfired."
Ignoring it for the moment he continues, "Yeah, it's different this time, the person is really special, he's..."
Sam took the other side of the bench opposite Dean, "How did it all come out?" his brother asked his eyes down inspecting the gift, "Wait, you didn't send this."
"No, I'm not going to be good company tonight, I'll just fix myself something here or order some pizza." answered Dean, the decision made clear when John handed him a twenty.
"Hey stop it, I'm going to care for it like no plant has ever experience before" he laughed,  they talked a while more, Dean wanted nothing more to keep on talking to Cas, but he had an early start in the morning. So reluctantly he said goodbye, albeit, with a smile, he was getting to like this new friendship.
"Not yet, it'll be just accounting work once a week whenever suits you, come outside and meet Charlie she'll fill you'll in." Dean grabbed the cooler of Cas' burgers hoping he wouldn't be too disappointed when Dean's reigned supreme.
"Inventory, I sent my colleagues home a short while ago at nine." Cas answered.
"How?"moving again Sam sat across his bed his back snug against the wall.
Henry celebrates his seventh birthday.
"Since it's getting late, I selected some plants already for you to look at." Castiel said walking away with Henry close by, pushing all thoughts aside Dean moves to join them at the back of the shop. Castiel pulls out a tray filled with plants, he recognises the standard ones: sunflowers, roses and a lily the rest are just colours.
* * *
Running back down the stairs, his mood in complete polar opposite to when he had ascended them. Dean reaches into his pocket for his keys desperately doing his best not to fumble them.
The place is quiet, not in sound but volume of people. Perhaps a good thing since the noise from the children hardly makes a congenial shopping atmosphere. He spots Henry towards the back of the plants, only before he can move fate intervenes. In the past and specifically now, for Dean, it's no good thing.
"Wait, I need to ask you something?" nodding her go ahead Dean starts again, "Does Cas get picked on?"
"Name it?"
"But the kid loves them." Dean only scowled until Bobby held up his hands. "Of course, none whatsoever." the sparkle in his eye told another story and Dean prepared himself for the likelihood of nightmares.
"Cas, what are you doing here?" fuck he looked good dressed simply in dark blue jeans and a grey t-shirt, they'd both been so busy lately it had thrown a wrench in their weekly get-togethers.
"Please, I just saved your ass, don't fuck this up, Winchester. I want my brother happy," he said walking out the door as Dean's heart rate kicked up, that right there was proof Dean had a chance.
"A little? Don't believe a thing he says, Cas," joked Dean.
"Yep, we're doing a blind taste test, your burgers will be served with a white napkin mine with black. Come up to the grill so I can introduce you to Benny and Victor so we can lay down the rules."
, in any of this. It’s never been
.  He gets Dean his usual gas-n-sip offering (‘it’s not Christmas if it’s not bought from a gas station Dean’) of a freaking skin-mag and some beef jerky, with a printed out form for a filled-in application to join Palo Alto Library, and a ‘IOU a gym membership’ which is all sort of perfect and
then I’d have worked it out , but I just kept
Earlier, he’d told Sam that Christmas Eve wasn’t for goddamn exercise with a pretty impassioned speech, but Sam thankfully doesn’t bring any of that up. He just glances over Dean’s face, squints at him and says ‘sure’ without any further comment.
“Rufus?”
“Is now the time?” Dean asks, a little incredulous, “Cas, come on. I need to go dig around my brother’s room while feeling awkwardly turned on, last thing I need is anything else killing my buzz.”
Castiel tilts his head and stares at him. It’s not soft. There’s no
Hannah has drawn up another three ‘requests for approval for home improvements’ on Anna’s request which are all about stripping some of the rooms of their bunk beds and putting in double beds. Dean’s back aches from the shitty airbed and Castiel seems actually
time with all the house projects they said they were gonna do when they moved in, before two years disappeared in the foggy haze of nine till fives (or in Cas’ case, eight till sevens), being strung out and tired from long weeks and adulting, and none of it being exactly urgent. He’s fixed the squeaky hinges, painted the damn windows sills and started cutting back the disaster that was the garden they’ve done nothing with, with varying degrees of input from Cas. Between all that, he’s been dealing with the usual crap of laundry and cooking and making sure that he doesn’t get to the end of his to do list too quickly, because he’s pretty sure that all of this will feel a lot more grim if he runs out of things he wants to do. He spends an hour or so a day trawling through job listings with a degree of pessimism that would worry him if he pressed the bruise too hard and going for so many endless runs he’s probably in the best shape of his life.
this place.
and he liked it. Pasta metaphors and freaking food poisoning. Boldly declaring that Dean’s one of the most attractive individual’s he’s ever gotten his goddamn mouth on, totally bareass naked. Cas’ pink hue of pleased surprise as he ate that breakfast they cooked together, and he’s not -
“Mom’s at the shops,” Gabriel says, “Buying all your favourite foods. Freaking liberty.”
“We’ll see if you’re this satisfied with yourself after this.”
“Anything in particular?”
,” Dean says, as his gaze skims the rest of the page, heart racing, stomach plummeting.  He feels a little like his having some kind of medical emergency, or maybe a panic attack, and the more he reads the worst all of it feels. “Charlie,” Dean manages, his voice hoarse, “Charlie. This is bad.”
,” Dean says, “That one. That’s what you were suppose to think, I just - this is a goddamn problem for me, Cas, and I don’t want to talk about it.”
“I'm heading off after this,” Dean says, eyeing up the desk for a place to put his feet up. Cas can read it all over his face, clearly, because he arches an eyebrow in a way that means it’s probably a terrible idea. “Guess my boss up for redundancy too, cause she's so beyond giving a crap. Told me I could leave whenever I wanted.”
like they were a given for a while, now, but there’s something about doing so right now that resparks the worry that seeing Dean had pushed down.
(See the end of the chapter for
He probably shouldn’t have expected to.
You have reached the voicemail of Sam Winchester.
“Your food… muse?”
“Just wait two minutes,” Dean says, threading his fingers through the back of his hair. “Little patience, Cas.”
for once, instead of goddamn screwing me every single time. I want
,” Jo says, reaching for another of the leftover potatoes and taking a bite, “I mean
He’s stomach drops out into
of reasons.
“Dean, I love you too.”
is so far out of bounds, he doesn’t even have the words for it.
Dean let go of his hand.
how bad it’s gonna be when it all starts to wear off, but Cas is trying, so he rips off a piece of bread and eats it anyway. “Sam.”
“That damn bee documentary,” Dean says, “Holy crap. I can’t believe that still exists.” Cas blinks. “
“If it helps,” Cas says, meeting his gaze with a half smile that's fucking glorious, “The feeling is mutual.”
“Have I ever told you you have a bad work life balance?” Cas asks, smoothing his hands over his shoulders and tilting his head at him. “Hmm. I think I am going to have
since he switched jobs and that whole crisis they had after Claire moved out but… it hadn’t really crept onto his radar as a concept yet. He doesn’t feel like he’s old enough to retire, even though that’s technically not the case, but it's just… he hadn’t thought about it yet. “But —- what would you do?”
“Go.”
“Crappy conversation,” Dean says, “I — kinda happened out of nowhere, but. Look, I —- Sam really floored me with this six month thing. I…  had no idea, that this —- this transatlantic, complicated, convoluted
“Hey.” Dean says, looking up from the still-running coffee pot when Castiel walks into the kitchen with a slight frown playing at his lips. “You okay?”
“Maybe, I could drop my hours.”
“I’m, uh,” Dean begins, then his gaze catches on his watch, “Sonuva - I’m really late. Meeting Sam’s girlfriend, but I -”
“Hester,” Castiel says, “What is it that you needed to speak to me about?”
The silence that falls over them is loud.
“Fine,” Dean mutters, because ‘the look’ has serious power and he gets the fond-eyes, and then Castiel rests a hand on his knee on the sofa and it’s hard to be too mad about anything.
“I’m not
“Hello Dean,”
Dean types and sends.
“Gabriel.”
about New York. It’s not of import. I don’t
“Dean,” Cas says, straightening up, reigning in and burying some of his emotion in a way that doesn’t thrill him, but he gets it. In some ways, it’s been kind of necessary. “You’re up.”
There hadn’t been anyone else left.
Dean sends her a hard look.
,” Gabriel says, “Ready for this shit fest to be over.”
“You weren’t curious?”
“That’s the whole reason you drove out to New Haven, right? His Dad?”
What he’s not expecting is for Dean to call him before he can write anything else.
"Hey Hen, Cas and I are fine. Now I need you to be good for Sam and we'll see each other soon."
Dean had been his Knight, perhaps he had even before this hour of terror. Trusting people was difficult (Gabriel struggled too) but with Dean it was easy, he was dazzling. He was free now if only it would sink in and stay there. Not straight away of course but soon he would  stop checking his phone and ignoring his mail.
"Death Star burgers," sweet unless, "No, Dean they're not vegetarian at least not with a name like that." she smiled. "Oh before I forget you can hand it over now," he looked at her confused for a second.
"Seconded," shouted Ruby from the front, "Ah, Cas your brother's loitering outside,"
On top of the crowds fighting over the last few items on the shelf, Dean had to deal with an over-excited Angel. Luckily Cas was super cute and completely awestruck by the Christmas foods on offer firing a neverending barrage of questions at Dean: What is this? How does it taste? Are there new things every year? And on and on the why never coming into question because Christmas was reason enough.
"Daddy, Sammy come on, let's go say hello." Henry runs to the front door quickly followed by the older Winchesters. Once outside they find Cas and this mystery woman unloading a load of colorful plants, Henry had loved picking them out that day at Hive. Currently, he's inspecting them over carefully to make sure they're up to scratch.
"Shit, we're looking after Henry today," remembered Sam a look of realization on his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Or course, your Dad would never leave you Egg. He needed to go out quickly is all." Sam offered him a smile, only it didn't cover the worry in his eyes.
"Partly he's been desperate for your return so he can show his photos." tattled Cas making Henry shake his head in denial.
"Cas knows your handwriting." guessed John.
"Why are you hiding yourself?" wondered Cas.
"Yeah, you miss me?" Henry nodded.
"Just my brother, however my relationship with my parents is complicated and not something I want to go into currently." that really didn't sound good, what had happened to him? Dean really needed to know, but he respects Castiel's need not to say anything. Knowing himself how hard these things were to talk about.
"Of course, man didn't I say, my burgers are the absolute best. Better than the Roadhouse." Dean winks always eager to boast about his cooking skills.
It's only now he's realizing how long it's been, he hasn't dated for a while or even hooked up with anyone himself included. Its odd behavior for him, he's normally someone rushing toward the finish line never once taking the scenic route.
"The things I do for you," said Dean shaking his head, "who's running this show?"
"Yep, purely as moral support for Cassie," oh shit, did Sam know or had he spilled the beans?
"Yeah, right now you go watch a movie I have something to take care of in the kitchen," said Sam shooing Gabriel away
It wasn’t long before he a good selection of open tabs.
"This morning I was still keyed up, so I went over to his place. I couldn't get the words out Sammy, it was those stupid blue eyes they're just so beautiful. I...uh Sammy, I kissed him."
“Hey,” he replied directing it at Cas.
This card, his card was really pretty: it was yellow with a flower and three bees in black and white, the contrast was very pleasing. Finally opening it, he was once again met with the neat writing that matched the tag, it read:
“Uncle Sam!” screamed Henry in greeting.
Today was the day of the barbeque the weather was in their favor and Cas was coming. Since Henry's birthday they'd been texting, a lot.
"Shut it, Jerk." returned Sam settling into his book again, fucking nerd.
"SAM!" shouted Dean feeling desperate to speak to his brother.
Dean and Cas entered the house to absolute quiet, unsettling them both, "Do you think they went out?" questioned Dean attempting to shut the door and check his cell at the same time.
"And I'm guessing you didn't head to his apartment to give him the mail." oh, Dean hadn't thought of that, he'd placed it under the door when Cas was out.
"Don't worry, Dean will tell me everything or allow you to by the end of the day." Sam raised his eyebrows at Gabriel's surety. "We just need a little drama."
"Of course, I forgot how hot the kitchen can get when we have sandwiches," Sam smirked at him before continuing his work before he incurred Dean's wrath. Of course, Dean would let it go (for now) since they had a guest. Let it be known Dean Winchester can fake it while in the presence of company.
"Hey Cas, what are you doing?" his eyes close at the question, the guy fucking works here. Why does he become so unglued around him?
"Hilarious Dean, I really enjoyed today. I think I'd like to come to the barbeque,." he spoke shyly as Dean tried to remain calm.
* * *
"Him?" Cas was furrowing his brow, it was his thinking face, "Wait, you mean Dean!"
"Are you okay?" he asked hoping his voice was back to normal.
"I think your forgetting who taught you the ways of the oven." Benny, and Victor were like an old married couple sometimes.
It was a beautiful kitchen, the early morning light adding to the beauty of it. Dean felt overcome with the urge to cook here, for Cas or perhaps with him, maybe he could show Dean how to make those burgers of his.
In the afternoon, Sam had found Gabriel in his bedroom hiding more things for his prank against Dean.
"We're going to look at Classic Cars, it's an indoor exhibit."
Technically this is a perfect time, he's home alone in a good mood to match.
Why was he always doing that?
“They tried, it didn’t go exactly to their plan though,” relief washed through her something she was happy to embrace.
His office was quite spacious with his desk facing the door, big windows behind it that looked out onto the yard. There was enough room for a couch, Charlie had made a case for one every chance she got only Dean wanted to air on the side of professionalism.
"Oh no, sorry kind Sir, but the theatre is out of bounds tonight?" announces Balthazar in what Dean is hoping is accentuated English.
" What like a turkey?"
Dean promising payback later moved his eyes to the screen seeing results for planning the perfect Christmas, “This again?” questioned Dean.
Joining his angel Dean’s eyes were assaulted by all the glitter but with Cas looking so happy beside him Dean did his best to find some festive cheer, “I like the reindeer,” he said pointing at the nine wooden tree decorations.
What! Cas was coming and Dean was heading toward drunkville. This was not good, he had absolutely no idea what kind of drunk he was, would he get all chatty and start running his mouth. What if he sat Cas down and spoke to him in-depth about his eyes?
known. Opening his eyes he found himself on the couch at the Winchester's, warm thanks to an extremely soft brown blanket.
Not wanting to seem overeager they had waited until December to head down to the Bunker rather than straight after Thanksgiving, hoping their humans would make use of the extra couple of days to make everything perfect.
"Cas, that's the answer, if you start eating his candy he'll stop hiding it at yours." Cas showed his gratitude with a peck to the cheek whereas Gabriel glared a little.
How had being abandoned led to this? Well, that was easy, Meg had been the poster child for Daddy's little girl. Only they never showed what happened when your father found out he wasn't your father.
Cas hadn't really been there in the car, rather lost or plagued to memories, probably both. At times like these, he needed to find his patience, which wasn't a trait normally found in the Winchester men, something he hoped Henry would be free from. He would try of course for Cas.
Dean and Sam were in the kitchen when their phones chimed with incoming texts, dropping the wooden spoon back into the pan of simmering chili Dean pulled his cell from his pocket.
A knock at the door has those nerves flaring once again, "I guess right now."
"Yes, for you,"
The trolley was mostly full of Christmas themed food and E numbers, looking down at his list Dean saw all that was left to get were the pecan for his spectacular Pecan Chocolate Chip pie, Ice cream and the vegetables, having left them last so they wouldn't get crushed.
Charlie waltzed over after pulling herself away from her girlfriend Gilda, Sam leaving them to it by taking Charlie's place no doubt to have some intellectual debate. Dean was sure of it.
"Shit, Cas you don't have a car there's not enough time."
Dean and Cas go out.
"Sammy, I'm okay, Cas too. He's a bit shaken and Hive is trashed, we'll be at the police station soon. If you want to meet us, let me speak to Henry."
"No, Henry she's my employee. I'm single currently." Dean's head shot up at that, single? How the hell was Cas single? The man was beautiful, objectively speaking of course. Also, did Dean detect a little hopefulness in Cas' voice, did he think he wouldn't be single for much longer. Did Cas have his eye on someone?
"Okay, that's quite enough of that language," warns Mary as she places the pie on the table.
"Yep, he's great. Why did you have some work for him?"
"Hell yeah, you know one look at you and Mom will go all out with food and hugs."
"Of course it bloody is," said Dean as Sam pushed play.
"It's coming along," replied Benny all smirk, yeah he knew exactly what he was doing. "Well until we meet again, Cas."
"Out with the Winchesters," she replied enjoying the look of surprise from Sam and Dean,
"You know why, Meg. Now you can either buy something and leave or just leave. Besides, I already have plans later." adding that last part so she wouldn't be hanging around until he finished.
"Dad that's so cool, does that mean you're okay with me liking plants?" Dean feels blindsided by the comment until he remembers his conversation with Sam when they had absconded to Hive.
"Your brother?"
"Oh God, now we've started something," worried Sam.
Sweeping his eyes down to Cas' lips made him realize it was only his voice that was stuck, it was with that thought his body reached forward until his lips were pressed against Cas'. Unfortunately, it was not the red hot passion of his dreams or fantasies but rather stillness, before Cas can hit him with worded rejection Dean runs from the apartment as quick as humanly possible.
" "Bookmarks" />
nodded his agreement.
Quickly he pushed it down in surprise realizing he must really like Sam.
"Hello Sam, my brother was kind enough to make us some honeyed madeleines," informs Cas gesturing at the box Dean had just set down.
"I agree." replied Cas feeling the world wasn't as bleak as it had been of late.
"Uh Dean, is this the right place?"
"Not long after it happened I saw Alistair and Lillith picking on this kid, the boy was in tears and they didn't even look guilty or ashamed for what they were doing and in that moment I wanted to feel that kind of oblivion."
"Did you get any messages from the others?" asked Cas slightly worried over the silence, he watched waiting as Dean checked his phone.
"Sorry I didn't mean anything, I only ask because I matched too, I figured he was one because no-one else has been up to my booth in like three hours," she said smiling making Dean relax.
"You know muffins are a very portable breakfast," stated Gabriel.
Wait, was he?
"I'm in property development with my brothers, which is all very boring so I won't bother you with the details."
"Meg just popped in, she didn't stay long or do anything I got the feeling she was fishing for something." oh that was interesting, Dean knew they'd been pretty tight a while back she even got on really well with Sam and Meg was very particular with whom she befriended.
The way the day was going the pizza place had probably burned down or something.
"A stone oven? Why the hell aren't you guys doing takeaway?" asked Gabriel either offended by the lack of good business acumen or that Cas couldn't bring him pizza from work, probably both.
And just like the time before when Cas' tongue seeks entry into Dean's mouth he yielded, a whimper escaping his mouth at the same time as he gave himself over to Cas' touch, his scent, allowing sounds he's never made before or at least never let loose, free.
"So will I appreciate it?" he asked pushing for details, a quick glance at Cas showed he wasn't impressed.
"They asked me to give you their little gift in the middle of lunch, Cas I wanted no part in it and I should have told you or Gabriel. Their whole ethos never really worked for me anyway, I may have wished my feelings away but it never worked, at least not without the help of pills and cheap vodka."
"Cas is great okay, I really like him, Bobby," Dean admits and it feels good but also means he needs more pizza.
It pays off surprisingly well, pulling two titles that seem interesting yet very different it's a small success that has him smiling.
"Hey, leave some for me!"
* * *
"Honestly, I'm not much of a game person," Cas confesses quickly grabbing another slider.
"Great, I'll be in touch."
“Not me, I don’t want to be like my Dad.” that was truly his biggest fear.
"Do you want her to be your girlfriend?" Henry continued, Dean was about to step in knowing his son would just keep on with the questions otherwise when Cas' answered and Dean felt he could no longer move.
"Yeah, these were her favorites," Dean broke into his easiest smile in days from the pure joy of remembering his Mom's favorite flower.
Daddy would hate a cuddly garden gnome, it was a good gift idea. Finally grabbing Chomps Henry walked (definitely walked) down the stairs finding his uncle not waiting by the door but looking at himself in the mirror.
"Come on Gabe, even if he did you would already have stacks."
Sam was extremely curious about this Castiel, he couldn't remeber meeting anyone more his brother's type before. He was definitely up for scoping him out. "Alright Egg, let's go." he agreed, watching his nephew break out in a huge smile, running quickly to the car.
"Gabriel, what about you?"
"Really?" Dean can only nod, all the while sending Sam some thoughts telepathically. He has to hand it to his brother for knowing when to strike since Henry hates to see them fight he can't let out any of the harsh words he wants to.
"Gabe, I really don't need you speaking to Dean for me."
"Sammy," warned Gabriel with no real heat.
"Bitch," smiled Dean, "Together?"
"He had to go to work, but he's joining us." piped up Henry, Cas smiled only Sam seeing his disappointment, obviously he was already quite taken with Dean. "You can talk to him then, right?"
Dean left them to it moving quickly to catch up with Cas before he loses himself in this huge house, the day so far had been so perfect that a lot of flour wasn't ruining his mood. If it started to Dean could thinking about the joy of payback.
One more chapter to go!
"Who told you!" demands Dean half considering grabbing his pizza and leaving.
"What's going on? Talk to me."
Sam was nervous, telling Dean about the bakery had always seemed so far away. Only it can't be avoided any longer, Cas' words of encouragement - the damn gardener was scary-  may have moved him along a little faster but there's another reason too.
On his return Dean found the table free of bottles, replaced with two cups of coffee and a jug of water.
Entering Dean takes in the surroundings, while small the shop has been well utilized with good use of lighting. The structural pillars even have books and posters displayed, it carries a good selection spotting some comic in the back along with the usual gift items.
"Hello, this is Dean Winchester could I speak with Castiel?"
"Fine, it was a bad ass garden party." she acquiesced while rolling her eyes he assumed.
"Lucky her." Cas smiled throwing him a wink that in no way had Dean blushing. "Day off?"
"Pfft, come on Cas, we both know you have a major thing for that lumberjack, I did you a favor."
"Oh I'm so glad you asked, I've been dying too, but it's silly to assume you all know each other, she's called Anna,"  Dean noticed how happy she was and wanted to know about her story.
Before leaving the nursery, Castiel had been kind enough to give Henry some books and Dean his card - for any questions or concerns. At first, Dean thought he was being hit on, but that was ridiculous. Cas was too good for him not to mention male, besides looking like he did, there was no doubt Cas was short of romantic entanglements.
"Glad you agree, Sam, cos behavior like that would be well, it would be damn right unamerican."
“And you do!” cried Dean who seemed to be taking the news the hardest.
Sam took a minute, not having the luxury of being around the last few days he hadn't really noticed much of Dean's changing mood. But he was sure it had nothing to do with Henry and more the blue eyed owner.
* * *
Dean smiles picking up his cell, "Hey Cas."
Normally Gabe ate a plate of dessert followed by whatever candy he was favoring that week, while Sam pushed apple slices on to his plate, only for them to turn brown. Returning his eyes back to Sam he noticed his brother looked far from happy, in fact, he looked sick to his stomach.
If only Cas thought so too, it's just he feels so guilty about all the sexy thoughts he's having, Christ Dean's only twenty-four (a young twenty-four) and Cas is past thirty.
Nodding Dean looks over at Sam, who is basically jumping out of his skin in unexpressed excitement since Dean came out? "It's Cas, right?"
"Yeah, it's been a week or so since he saw him," Bobby nodded taking a sip of coffee.
Just because Cas wanted it to be Dean didn't make it so.
"And if I want to be bothered?" Dean simultaneously felt his eyes go wide as his cheeks flamed. Had those words actually come out of his mouth? Cas was probably so insulted. The guy had come over to say hello and Dean was practically throwing himself at him. "Sorry Cas, I mean something like that sounds kind of cool to a grease monkey like me."
It was Cas who got him to sign up for the class in the first place, during one of their many comic book sessions Cas had found some of his sketches stuffed into the pages as temporary bookmarks.
"That was one time!" shouts Dean a little too loudly, once he's certain everyone stopped staring he continues, "I need help choosing a gift, several actually."
"Cas," breathed Dean his feet moving forward as the sight of his Angel's distress.
"Thank you Cas! I've been wanting to talk to you all day, I've decided to go to college and I'm going to talk to Mom and Dad tomorrow." confided Dean.
The place itself was large, Cas had been to a few plant exhibits in his time but nothing like this, and of course the energy in the room was different. No-one was here to buy anything, they simply came for the spectacle of seeing these beautiful cars dousted in a plenty of good lighting.
"You really do have it bad, Son. It's nice to see." John is smiling at him, which is what? A form of help? Dean certainly hopes not he needs actual advice not blessings and encouraging smiles.
Dean steals a glance his watch before pulling into a parking space, after some more than careless driving he'd managed to claw back some time. Having forgotten it was the day of Henry's field trip, finding himself halfway to the school before realising.
"Aren't they the cutest!" Smirked Gabriel to Sam causing Dean to shot him a glare.
"Of course not, Cas enjoyed the Roadhouse so we're trying a nightly excursion. Why would you think otherwise?" no doubt because his brother was too fucking observant.
Well duh.
"Cas, are we going to be okay?" asked Meg reading the gift tag.
"Seriously, that's what you choose?" asked Dean, Cas nodded his cheeks blushing.
"What? No. Shit Dean my phone died and Gabriel is probably worried what with -" Cas stopped talking which had the flare of worry in Dean's stomach turn into a blaze.
Dean looked over to Castiel as the credits began to roll to find Cas crying, "You okay, Cas?"
Sam couldn't wait to go again, hopefully with Cas knowing the young angel would lose his shit.
Obviously, decorations were too much of a pull for the Angels to help with the heavy lifting.
"Dean, you're meant to eat it," teased Charlie.
"Sorry, I felt okay when I was in the room but I felt I had to be because Alfie was trying so hard and then it just caught up with me." sniffled Sam.
Finding the correct box is easy thanks to a picture of a tree, "Wow, Cas these  change color,"
Padding downstairs, Henry spots Uncle Sammy through the door crack sitting on the sofa looking worried. Seeing his bigfoot of an uncle is calming, the icy knot warming; it's not completely gone but its better.
"But I was mostly unconscious," Dean protested.
"Alright, no need to get all territorial, but trust me when I say he's not worth it. The fucking guy is frigid, he won't bend over for anyone, even someone as pretty as you." the man sneered and as of right now Dean had heard more than enough. The guy just wouldn't get wise, Dean moved forward only Cas held on to him tight.
Gabriel was in his office when his phone rings, why couldn't it have happened thirty minutes ago when he was deep in boring paperwork. Expecting it to be Sammy he's surprised to see Dean' name flashing on the screen.
"Same here, Red," agreed Dean just as his phone rang, "Hold that other thought," he said pulling his cell from his pocket. Why was Sammy ringing him? "Sammy, What's up?"
They were both muscled, one was white with a shaved head wearing blue jeans and a red blacked checked shirt, the other looked Latino with thick dark hair, jeans and a white t-shirt.
"Sure am, so where'd you guys end up?" Dean asked while attempting to tidy his desk a little. The work crisis avoided he was ready to hang out.
Dean is two thirds through his current beer trying to forget the previous evening and most of the day when Benny sits down opposite him no doubt he was wrangled here by Ellen.
"Dean, you're not mad are you because of Henry?"
"I swear!" exclaimed Henry fooling no-one, "Are you going out Daddy?"
I posted the last chapter without naming Henry's mother, after realising I've changed it settling on Carmen.
Henry and himself dug in with abandon, manners be damned when there was new pie up for grabs. Now Dean knew pie, but from the moment it touched his tongue he knew he was ruined. The crust was buttery and light, sweetness from the pecan frangipane was eased by the juicy spicy pears. Dean instantly went in for another bite.
"That won't work okay, Gabriel he'll do things." things? what the... Oh My God, was he talking about sex things? No, no, no Dean was not having this conversation because, yuk.
"Yeah Cas, Daddy is a really good driver," piped up Henry.
The garden was finally finished and it looked beautiful, it was filled with color and really cool plants. Dean had no doubt the neighbors would be asking for Cas' information. Something he's more than happy to give. Dean was just inside the house after taking the empty glasses back into the kitchen gardening was thirsty work. Sammy had retreated upstairs a while ago to beautify himself. Dean was on his way outside as Henry started a conversation with Cas, his curiosity won the battle forcing him to stay put.
"What do you mean?"
"So what happened?"
Dean found himself staring and got caught. And of course, this unnamed man with messy hair, amazing blue eyes was gorgeous. Dean was blushing in no time, thankfully the stranger was nice enough to pretend not to notice, instead choosing to smile and welcome him to the building.
“Cas they’ll be here,” it was Charlie this time, Meg having washed her hands of rallying support at his fifth glance.
His feelings toward the other man keep yo-yo-ing between denial and acceptance. Remembering his Father certainly helps, besides he's in no way good enough for Cas.
“Thanks, Cas,” Sam smiles at the angel taking the present, revealing an assortment of shampoo cubes.
Thirty minutes later found Dean in turmoil the steady ground beneath his feet traded for a choppy ocean in stormy conditions. Yep his boat was truly rocked. After agreeing with Henry, the three of them headed upstairs. Dean had wrangled Sam from the study - where he'd sneaked off to
Wow, surely it was too early to be thinking about that. Shuffling his head Gabriel was happy to notice Cassie behind Sam, dressed in tight jeans but a looser t-shirt, guess one out of two wasn't bad.
"Why are you late?" he asked hoping to pull of a considerable glare.
Sam had been great, listening to Dean bemoan the unfairness of it all. That had been a month ago.
"What is going on with her?" asked Sam.
"Boss, you missed Ash light up like a Christmas tree when Jo came in," Aaron tells him the news makes Dean glad it was definitely the right response.
Sam made a show of looking around the room. "Okay, who are you? Where's my brother? He'd definitely recognize his one true love, even in a box." joked Sam.
"Dean, I've found something amazing." ignoring his jump in heart rate Dean turns to find his friend practically glowing.
"Oh, I've got an idea," smirked Gabriel, as Bal turned to address his friend.
"I've got a couple of hours, the boss sent us all home." the fact that Sam's not giving much, means the case is bad. He's extremely proud of his little brother, but he has no idea how Sam handles the shit he encounters on a regular basis. Being a child advocate lawyer seems like hell to him, but he tries to be supportive as much as he can. Plus he knows any kid is lucky to get Sam in their corner.
"So what's going on, I thought you'd be inside already." he can tell Cas hears this time, only he doesn't meet his eyes choosing to focus his attention on his shoes. "Cas?" Dean prods gently, finally, he's met by those incredible blue eyes. Dean still can't get over the shade of them.
"Eye eye captain." she jumped up saluting him.
Ding! Ding! Bear in the house. The guy was burly as fuck, muscled to kingdom come and had that protective vibe coming through the goddamn phone.
"Let's just say you really put the 'char' in chargrilled!" teased Cas as Ellen tried to conceal her own laughter as she placed the plates in front of them.
"Are you okay?" asks Dean, himself and Henry moving closer, as Cas quickly thanks Garth before answering.
"So you didn't know?" After putting Henry to bed the night of the kiss Dean had waited for the talk all night, he'd survived an hour before retreating out of fear.
“Perhaps,” Garth began, “It is best to wait until....”
Marcy set down the phone and quietly walked back into the lounge. Jess was sleeping peacefully, sprawled across one of the deep sofas and Marcy opened up the blanket over her legs, dragging it up over the girl’s shoulders. The baby was equally peaceful, safely strapped into a baby sleeper a few feet away, his last feed leaving him rosy-cheeked and sated. With a last sweeping look, she crept out of the room and closed the suite door with a gentle click. Satisfied that she had done everything she could within her own domain, it was time to go and make sure that everyone else was doing their utmost and most importantly get an update on what was happening with her boys.
The ancient gas pump gurgled and whirred as Cas held the nozzle into Baby’s tank.  It finished with a kick back, and Cas rehoused it on it’s newly fixed (by Dean) hook.  He leant against the sleek black car, wiped the gas from his hands on paper towels.  The door of the station gave a two-tone beep as Dean strolled out, haloing him with reflected sunlight (dust and years of accumulated smudges and grime removed courtesy of Cas’ own elbow grease) as it closed behind him, distinctive bow-legged gait, silhouetted against the brightness of the light.
She relinquished her grip with a look of disgust. “Sorry Lee,” she mumbled, the Minnesota creeping back into her voice. “You know I don’t like…when folks diss Pa.”
“Your kisses are always hot.”  He grinned.  “Sorry, that sounded so Dean.”  His easy smile faltered and the anxious look returned.  “Oh God, Jess, what are we going to do?  It’s all gonna come out. It’s all gonna get dragged up and I don’t see how it can stay secret this time.  I…I don’t...”
Castiel shakes his head and gives Bal a wan smile, before ducking back down to his meal. “No, I’m fine, now. And I haven’t had even a hint of bad dreams for months. I think that’s why it shook me so. Honestly, with all the prep work and the exhibits shipping in, I haven’t given The Collective, or him, a second thought for weeks. I guess I’m not as strong as I thought, eh?”
“So… “ he chuckled hard, “I heard him flick the switch and then poof, the big dumb kid he just sits there blinking at me… man, you should have seen him covered in baby powder, I thought he was gonna kill me.  For a grown man, he sure does spend a lot of time on his hair!”
It’s true he has no way of paying Dean back for the room or the breakfast he has just eaten. He used his last ten dollars to buy their first round of beers last night. It seemed only right, as Dean had refused to accept it as a contribution towards the gas. He returned from the mens room to find the second round and shots already on the table. He supposes, his empty stomach is to blame for his apparent low tolerance, because he barely remembers what they did after that, but Dean must have paid for the rest of their drinks, and now he has forked out for another five, maybe six nights here. And all Castiel has to contribute is 32 cents. Maybe he can offer to wash the Impala. The motel and the roadhouse bar are the only buildings for miles around. So maybe he can get a few hours cash in hand work, cleaning or doing odd jobs and give that to Dean.
Jen had been a little quiet and preoccupied since her ‘date’ with Winchester, and Jane found herself missing the gentle lilting songs and ready smile.  It that was not so surprising, Jane herself had been truly upset to hear about the incident in Covent Garden.  He was a nice guy, but Crowley had assured her he was recovering well.
“Blondes do have more fun,” Cas quipped, the tension making him a little hysterical.
“Answer my questions and I’ll give you some more meds.”
Castiel is shaving for the first time in over a week when he realises how content he feels. He is not stupid and he spent long enough in therapy with Dr. Linda to self analyse much of his own behaviour and recognise his depression for what it is. He has used the techniques she shared with him to carry on existing. He still wears his snapping band, although his anxiety attacks are fewer now, mainly because he has cares too little for life to get anxious. He uses mindfulness to grab snatches of peace from his worst thoughts when they do rear, ugly and visceral. He seeks out green spaces and stray animals and birds in flight to focus on, keeping his mind from his own misery.
you keep your promise, I will wipe his mind and return him to his life unharmed.”
“Negative,”  she shouted back.
“Uh-hm?
He’s far lighter than six foot of full grown man should be, and initially, even though the rhythm of their breathing is completely out of kilter, his whole body rises and falls in time with Dean’s breaths, because Dean uses his diaphragm and a slight arch of his back to exaggerate the inflation of his chest. Gradually, they synchronise and Angel’s head drops against Dean’s shoulder, rolling and pressing face first into his neck. He presses a gentle kiss to the top of the still damp, mess of dark hair, “S’OK, Angel, I got you.”
Raphael nodded with sudden understanding.  “We can convince him that he was every bit as vulnerable as we said he was, and lead him to believe he was being groomed...  Adler,”  his voice held a modicum of respect for the first time in many, many weeks, “You are despicable.”
Orlandos was a coffee shop, just down the block.  Far enough from the building to not be a regular haunt, close enough to be doable.
Castiel had certainly never been told that his father was a published writer. Two novels, some philosophical essays clipped from publications that even Castiel, with his sheltered upbringing, recognised as prestigious and a collection of poems. And it was these that he loved most. His father’s poetry was profound and beautiful.
He jumped as she grabbed his chin and lifted his face, the bite of her fingers shocking, until she softened her grip and locked her eyes to his. “You listen to me Dean Winchester, number 1, there is nothing wrong with wanting a happy ending, and number 2, no I don’t think missing someone you hardly knew is stupid. Missing the idea of them maybe, but you and Castiel made a connection and what you did for him was a beautiful thing and number 3, don’t you dare diss little girls in pink tiaras in my hearing ever again.”
Dean grins, good-naturedly. “Well, hello to you too, Novak. I didn’t know you were in town.” The penny drops. Claire, he thinks.
“Raph is so arrogant he would never think Gabe capable of running a hotel, let alone one on the strip. He’ll expect him to be in some dive on the back streets. And Gabe certainly made himself pretty impossible to trace.”
“You know… erm… Grandma… maybe I might go grab a coffee.  Would you like one?”  Bess jumped up, caught her foot and slipped on the bag she had discarded at her feet, grabbing the medic’s arm for support, knocking the case and vial from his hand.  “Oh my… I’m so sorry… I’m…”
was what he called gay. And he was more than okay with it.
They were still all staring at the phone in Cas’ hand when Bal barrelled into the room behind them, his face drawn up in horror. “Cassie, oh my God, Cassie.” He stared at the phone in Cas’ hand and lurched forward making to snatch at it, “For God’s sake, don’t answer any texts it’s not Meg!”
Dean regarded him thoughtfully.  “So where were you planning on sleeping?”
It was reaching the most difficult part of his story.  The thing, that up until now, only six people in the whole world as far as he knew for definite were aware of this horror.  Jody Mills, Bobby Singer, the Winchester brothers themselves, his own wife and Gordon Walker.  The most painful part.  The part that had ripped their world apart completely.  Before they got lucky.  Before the met Jody Mills. Before they had found their way back to Uncle Bobby and his unreserved, unwavering, uncompromising determination and love.
“Oh, why don’t you just zip it, young man.  Cas was no kidnap victim, he could have left Dean anytime he wanted.  Dean would do anything for him, driving him clear across the country to find his brother.  It’s all just some stupid misunderstanding.”
The distant roar of the ocean fades in and out as the wind snatches around them. It tugs at their clothes and carries the scent of salt and seaweed, shifting loose sand around their feet. Dean reaches behind a small pile of rocks, using his cell as a flashlight, the silver glint of a key hanging from his fingers when he straightens back up. When the door swings open, a fine scattering of dusty sand highlights the grooves in the wooden floor stretching away from them. Castiel fumbles along the wall, but when he flicks the switch his fingers find in the dark, it clicks back and forth uselessly.
Last night they had returned to the Winchester home for comfort food and the bigger comfort of Mary and John while watching some light comedy films. They had left Sam in much higher spirits only Gabriel had inherited their mother's knack for worrying.
Maybe for now that was the right approach.
"Bitch," yeah, Sam would be okay.
He couldn't just ask him out though, Dean had issues he knew that. He'd grown with his ears permanently honed to his father's voice. He needed to let that go, finally for himself and for Henry.
“Sammy, you’re skipping the steps!” reprimanded Gabriel.
More importantly, he was also there to whisk Sam away, to a fucking Christmas Market in Prague!
Hearing Gabriel coming down the stairs Dean straightened himself, the man was on the phone to someone just finishing up as he entered the kitchen. "Yeah, thanks Alfie, I'll call you later."
"Because you're going to make him laugh," clarified Gabriel, "He can't be mad if he laughs, house rules." Damn, that was smart, Dean really needed to remember that one.
Not that his brother couldn't be trusted, of course, only Gabriel was well Gabriel.
"It's his birthday?"
"You'll do no such thing, I'd love to be there. Are you picking Henry up later? Could you come to Hive?" Dean raised his eyebrows in question. "It's two weeks away, I need to know what he wants and if I need to order anything."
"Cas, you got any chocolate covered pretzels?" shouted Charlie her arms completely laden with food, had he any pretzels left he doubted she could pick them up.
"So Aaron you like working for me?" it's not an innocent question but Dean likes teasing the newbies, the expression of the kid sure tells him its worked. "Relax kid it's not a trick question, you're coming to the end of your trial, you're a hard worker and if you're happy we can make things permanent."
They walked off in no particular direction, simply following the gravel path entwined throughout the little landscapes. Cas was in his element, eyes bright with intensity as he listed plant after plant on occasion talking about a client or even his Grandfather. Seeing Cas like this had Dean feeling lighter than he had in days, he spent the last week in a funk so bad anyone smart enough had avoided his sorry ass at work.
"Good point, Henry. So secret pie keeper person, what were you doing in such a place?" Sam blushed, muttering quickly that he had work to do before running upstairs.
He often believes that taking care of his brother paired with the closeness they shared is what gave him the strength to flea and confess.
"Do you get lost often?" Dean joked.
"You too! Dean has told me so much I feel like I know you," she smiled before looking him up and down, "Are you sure you're the little brother?" they both chuckled used to the size jokes.
So busy looking at well, everything he missed Sam's look of surprise at his lack of interest in a passing Harley Quinn (one of his favorites) sure he noticed her but he couldn't stop thinking about Cas.
"Morning, of course, its bacon, I assume there's coffee?" he asked smiling when Dean chose to pour him a cup allowing Cas to settle himself at the breakfast bar. Cas loved the Winchester's place, it felt like a home whereas Cas' place lacked anything that made it one including more often than not his parents.
"Is this opposite day or something? Gabe you'd better not make Sam eat a load of sugar, he'll be sick as a dog."
"I, yes, please, Gabriel," whispered Sam.
"Sam, you're trembling,"
Taking a seat, Cas lifts the tag - another spotty one - "Since you have most of the facts, enjoy an adventure and some rhyming words too." Cas reads aloud.
"We can come today after school." Cas nodded his agreement. "You're letting me pay for the plants, right?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah?" Cas nods, "Thanks, Cas," Dean closes his eyes for all of a second, "Can you look out for Sam as well?"
"Well you can do it, can't you? Besides, you would have stolen it too," said Dean causing Cas to nod his head.
next I'll be posting part 3 of this series, a little Benny/Alfie one shot.
"Yeah, she's signing until lunch and joining us for the Star Wars Panel."
Cas had the sense he was being toyed with, on waking he found only his parents getting ready for work, Gabriel was oddly absent when normal practice was Cas having to be real inventive in getting him out of bed, he'd learned not to get too close after a hit to the face.
"I haven't been since Henry was born, with work I just wanted to spend my weekends with him at the park or playing astronauts versus dinosaurs." Cas melted, Dean was so giving and beautiful. He had such lovely freckles and those eyes!
"Sammy's right, it lacks complete imagination. The sender was probably expecting you to scream and drop it for extra laughs." Gabriel rolled his eyes in emphasis.
"I'm hot is all." yeah because Cas is half naked and being all competent. What the fuck? Dean knew it was best to keep that to himself lest Sam get any ideas.
Dean was considerate taking the time to tell Cas the make, model and what made each car special. Whether or not he'd been lucky enough to work on a similar car and how that had gone down.
"Definitely after dinner or nothing will get cooked," toyed Gabriel.
Wait, does Henry want that? Was his son playing matchmaker?
"Thanks, Cas, it's just difficult we don't fight much at least not properly."
"If you're sure, this place belongs to Ellen, she and my uncle married a few years back. She won't take shit from anyone, and you'll be safe with me." he wanted to reassure Cas, but he seemed unable to do so without his protective instincts coming into play. Ever since Sam, he'd never been able to turn them off, he was a mama bear alright.
The question had Cas looking bewildered, "God, no, I just, how has no one taken their time with you?"
"I would remember you too, why are you going to Vegas?" Dean asked hoping Cas wasn't getting married or something.
She watched them having a silent conversation once it appeared over she readied herself for whatever they were going to say only they didn’t, instead Gabriel approached the counter placing a white box atop of it, one she was all too familiar with already.
"Excellent, because plants can have some really weird names, here look." Henry pointed to the page showing the Chocolate Daisy. This time Sam's smile was exactly right.
"Woah, you're being a little loud there Dean-o," commented Gabriel unhelpfully.
"We better, I already got mine wrapped," declared Gabriel.
“How do you even know that?” asked Meg.
"Cas, it feels so good," moaned Dean yielding to Cas' ministrations again.
"Balthazar!" Dean nodded, "He can never know, Dean, not ever." declared Cas, Dean was more than happy to go along with it, not wanting any smug looks from that douchebag.
It was Cas, he was sleeping on Cas.
He hated doing it but what other option was there, he couldn't unleash all these feelings on Cas. They were Dean's responsibility and he would master it until he was ready to talk. But he could for now at least talk to his son.
Cas picked up the potted cactus before declaring, "Not at all Dean, you've definitely passed muster." he placed it back next to Starfire before moving to the window, his eyes looking at the sky rather than the activity in the yard below. "I saw Sam today."
The softness and color against his skin had been overwhelming along with the feelings so he took them off and hid them away.
Since his brother had taken a new case, he hadn't been around the last two days: pulling all-nighters at the office with his colleagues. Dean had called him earlier demanding he take a break, knowing the kind of cases Sam worked on and how they affected him.
Since the place came with its own car park, he knew it couldn't be a small operation. But he was still surprised by its scale, how many plants could there possibly be? He wasn't exactly green-fingered, plants not really pinging on his radar. Unless someone invented a plant that could grow bacon cheeseburgers, he imagined things staying that way.
"Thank you, but I'd love to speak with him, in fact, we have something to discuss," Dean turned his eyebrows raised in question. "It's a surprise."
"Dean's brother is the stud muffin!" shouted Cas, the way they were looking at each other had Dean thinking lunch would now be a table for two. Eww.
"Do you need me to continue?" smirked Gabriel looking far too pleased with himself.
"Yes, just a little sad, it was a good movie, definitely didn't feel like three hours." Dean nodded looking over to Charlie happy to find her chatting with the pretty girl they'd been sat next to, oh wow they were both blushing.
"Ellen! Did Dean make you cook for us?" asked Cas obviously alarmed.
"Shut it Sammy!" he muttered sending a glare Sam's way, only Sam looked to be figuring something out obviously cut from the same cloth as their Mom.
"I kissed Cas!"
Worst of all he was always hanging around Gabriel's little brother Cas. Sammy had been the first to befriend Cas when the Novak's first arrived because his brother was a complete soft center chocolate. He was
"Don't stress Cas, that's Henry's little joke. Sam's pansexual and Henry here knows all about different kinds of love," he explained before turning his eyes on his son. "Don't you?"
"Dude, what the hell is this!"
Dean was seeing to the finishing touches when his cell rang, it was Sam. "So did you do it?" fucking Charlie, truthfully her blabbing came as no real surprise.
Fine Cassie, but you know I love drama," Cas rolls his eyes something he does often in his brother's company. "Sammy, hurry up," shouts Gabriel.
"No, why would you ask that?" Henry just shrugs before resuming to eat his dinner and leaving Dean feeling very small at the bottom of a really big hill.
Dean looked at Cas wanting to get his next words across properly, "No way Cas, you don't owe me anything, if you've changed your mind or never even wanted to be with me in the first place. You're not responsible for how I feel about you."
"Wait, that's it?"
"Sammy you know I hate sausage rolls!"
"Not to be dramatic but had I kissed you back it would have been difficult to control myself," replied Cas his facing going red, oh! Dean felt butterflies fill his stomach hearing that.
It's named Hive Gardens in bold yellow a little bee hovering over the i, Dean can't help but chuckle at the sign. Once inside he does his best to appear comfortable, trying his best not to end up near any creepy gnomes or weird fairy statues.
(See the end of the chapter for
"When I was fifteen Gabriel was leaving for culinary school, we were eating our last breakfast together when our parents threw some photos on the table. Old photos of Gabriel with an ex-boyfriend."
"Open the gift Cassie." sighing Cas went for the card first pushing the gift into Bal's hands while ignoring his brother's look of disbelief. Gabriel always went for the gift first, in fact, he wasn't even sure he'd opened his cards on his birthday. Only giving them a cursory once over along with a shake to check for cash.
So he may have ordered some more online.
“I want to,” replied Dean quick to notice how happy Sam looked at his response, the sound of the doorbell halted any further discussion. “It’ll be Jo dropping of Henry,” informed Dean before took point to answer the door.
"Because it's for you silly," Gabriel told him before his eyes went wide, "Oh, what the hell happened the other night? Did he upset you?" Cas having confirmed it was indeed for him had been busy looking at the polka dot gift tag written on it in a hand he didn't recognize was: First something Sweet.
"Thank you, consider yourself hired." Dean smiles, in fact, he can't keep it off his face. To land a contract, even without those fancy business cards Charlie insists he carries is a fantastic feeling he will gladly lord over her.
But Cas was all distraught and Dean's heart was hanging by a thread, yet Gabriel felt it necessary to debate the pranks lack of creativity.
"Why Sammy, did you forget your nephew?" Gabriel was looking forward to it, Henry was such a great kid and he had loads planned.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief at finding a parking spot, the Hive car park was jam-packed. Is this what people did on Saturdays? Abandon everything in the name of plants, or was there some holiday he wasn't aware of?
Huffing again Dean did as he was told, it felt like Cas was taking care of him and he was beginning to like it, against his better judgment.
Waiting until Cas' eyes were shut, giving an extra few seconds to make sure, Dean pulled a key from his pocket (it was big, heavy and very uncomfortable) to quickly unlock the gate.
"If you want to draw a cartoon you strangling my brother I won't have a problem with that." deadpanned Cas causing Dean to break out into laughs.
"Cas, you're in highschool besides it's creepy someone would send that to you." calmed Sam making Dean thankful his brother had such a way with words.
"What was it like?"
He was willing to give the kid a chance and Charlie was chomping at the bit to have someone enthusiastic about figures and invoices. Dean could manage it himself of course but he'd rather get his hands dirty rebuilding a car.
Since then Dean felt a little protective of him because he was shy and Dean was apparently extra in his big brother role. According to Sam, who pointed out that Cas had his own brother to look after him.
Shit! This again, did he want kids? With Sam? Woah, this was way too big, he and Sam hadn't even been together a whole month.
Charlie was quick to cut him off "Anxiety, I know and I'm not being pissy over it, but Dean, he had a friend with him and you didn't leave him with a pack of wolves, it was a garden party."
Woah, time out, Cas hit the breaks quick on his inner gushing. "Maybe we could come next year and bring Henry along,"
"Sammy! You look fine." Henry gave the eye roll he'd learned from his Dad, "Come on." he implored reaching for the door handle.
"What's your angel called?" asked Cas.
"Okay, Cas we're going through, I'll make sure you don't trip and no peeking." At first, he wasn't sure how to do that, the gate is to narrow to walk side by side. So Dean moved behind Cas, his hands holding steady to the other man's waist. The ground was visible by looking over Cas' shoulder, with the added bonus of his woody cologne surrounding him. "Is this okay? It's only until we get through the gate."
Deciding on a tuna melt Cas reached for the sweetcorn when the rumble of the Impala was heard causing him to fumble the bowl scattering corn over the worktop.
He wants to believe what Bobby said, the man hasn't ever set him wrong. Dean hasn't really embraced the whole optimism thing even with Sam as his brother.
Cas smiled doing his best to ignore the shivers up his spine and frenzied butterflies in his stomach. "Cas, I hope you hungry." greeted Dean.
The only downfall to this new life was Cas' eagerness to introduce him to his brother (the other one) so Dean's reasoning being what it was decided if he was getting thrown under the bus then so could Cas. It hadn't been easy but Dean had used all his wiles to put Cas off until Sam returned home.
"I think he has his own Angel taking care of that," answered Cas, huh cool.
Turning to face him he noticed a pot of jello in one hand the other wielding a spoon ready to plunge into the deep red dessert, "Cas, where did you get that?"
"Yeah sorry I was expecting someone else, it's really great to see you kid." he smiled more genuinely happy she was back and in one piece. "When did you get back?" he asked pulling her into that hug.
"Hey boss, everything alright in here?" she asked passing him a cup of coffee that he readily accepted.
The movie (The Secret Life of Pets) Henry had chosen to watch was a complete ploy, Dean knew it was only a matter of time before Henry would ask for a pet. It wasn't exactly subtle and Dean thought it could be discussed, knowing Sam would love a dog.
"You should practice your upset to lose but happy you won face just in case." offers Aaron making Dean re-think his position.
If Cas didn't show he could settle down on his couch with a bowl of chips and watch a film. Indiana was always good for cheering him up. So really it was a win-win.
"Yes we are, now cupcakes await," feeling bolstered Gabriel waltzed back into the kitchen happy to see all the ingredients weighed out ready for mixing.
Dean moves to open the door the sight of Cas filling his vision, gladly he stands to stare at his boyfriend (wow) not noticing he's on his own until Sam clears his throat. "Hello Dean, Gabriel will be along in a minute he's currently occupied removing his secret candy out of my apartment." Dean decided to leave that one, how much could there be?
He makes it ignoring the daggers he can feel boring into his back. Dean's quick to knock the door before she "accidentally" loses the connection. Hearing the usual huff of Bobby he enters the office.
"Cas? You with me?" blinking Cas turned to find Dean looking at him sporting an amused expression. Shit, how long had that been going on?
"What's not my style?" asked John, causing everyone to jump. Dean imagined his stealth entry wasn't likely to change Gabriel's mind.
How had this gotten there? Deciding to figure that out later Cas flipped it over eager to read what it said: A late night treasure hunt follow these three clues to find items to help you create.
"If it would help you then.."
“What, why.”
It wasn't often Dean talked like this, Sam liked it when he did, "So what went down, don't tell me he turned you down."
"You're not?" he asked.
Cas was generally quiet but he opened up around Dean, or he did. It was probably the shock.
"Perfect! Send him over but tell him he better on his best behavior."
"Cas told me you were all superfoods and reduced sugar!" he says sounding outraged unable to stop himself pointing at all the sugar-filled goodies in the case. He's not angry he just didn't figure Cas as the joking kind.
Sam let out an enthusiastic whoop that had Dean pulling the phone away to protect his hearing. "Oh my God, Dean you actually did it, you talked to the guy."
"Something like that, the one on the end has been playing up for days, only now it's dead. Someone came to look at it as part of a contract already in place, only -" Dean doesn't give Cas chance to finish.
“You can quit watching me like a worried mother hen. Told you, s’just bruises.”
Dean smiled at her, she was bright, observant, going places. She’d already been useful to CID a couple of times, in the short amount of time he had known her. Looking at the jotter she noticed the name scribbled in Crowley's elegant hand and encouraged by his welcoming smile, she confided in him, “I interviewed her. The neighbour two floors down. The one who saw him coming into the block. Right bloody man-eater, he was lucky to get past her alive.”
She paused, as she helped him take another drink.  “It’s a good job Raph and Michael never bothered to visit me much at college, or they might have recognised you.”
'We could argue on that point forever, my love. But I can think of better ways to spend the time.' Castiel rolled on top of Dean and kissed him with more fervour.
Dean caught sight of the ghost of a smile on his own lips, illuminated by his phone screen, in the reflection in his car window, as he dropped his voice. “I promise… bitch.”
Yes, he was definitely going to enjoy this, Crowley thought as he pulled the door open and the moist, sweat-laden atmosphere of the room hit him like a wall.
“I think I’ll grab a coffee. You want one?” He was so absorbed with his troublesome bladder that he physically jumped when Alastair spoke. Crap. He damn nearly, literally, wet himself.
He finishes his shower and idly dries himself, dragging on a soft old pair of sweatpants His fingers close onto his favourite t-shirt, so old and threadbare that it is hard to read the ACDC logo and in truth, it is in serious danger of simply carrying straight onto the ground when he slips it on if the myriad of tiny holes and thin patches ever join forces. He wanders barefoot into the massive main room, grateful for the underfloor heating. The sun has long since dipped over the side of the mountains but has yet to set, he can see the slopes opposite still bathed in the peachy light.
"Thanks again Dean, I can't believe you went to so much trouble, it really puts me to shame." smiled Cas leaning in.
"Sammy promise to never make them for me,"
"Cas, can you thank Sam for me?" Alfie asks, Cas looks around at his friends they all had plans tonight either out for pizza to celebrate or at Chez Winchester to commiserate, probably with pizza too.
"Here you go, Boss." Garth hands him a roll of cling wrap.
It totally was.
"Let's go to my office," Dean took Cas' hand leading him away sure it would add fuel to Charlie's already overblown fire but he didn't care. His only purpose was to get away from more prying eyes.
"Well if that's how you feel maybe you should quit things with Cas, let's face it you guys met because of Henry and he's different. Your current friends are much more you and don't require as much effort," she said playing devil's advocate.
"Trust me Cas, if this doesn't get him right where you want him, it's a lost cause." Bal smiled triumphantly.
Fuck, this was so hot, Dean was hard, as Cas starting kissing his neck Dean's hips jerked brushing his cock against Cas' own. Dean had figured it would be enough to freak him out, only it didn't he just wanted more, Christ it had been so long since he'd felt anything like this, too long.
"Even Henry?"
"Cas it's gone eleven."
"Well, we'll be getting the plants from Hive of course."
"No." shouts Henry a little forcibly, receiving a scrutinising look from both Dad and Uncle. "Uncle Sammy said he'd drive me," Sam said nothing of the sort, seeing the begging eyes of his nephew has him jumping in.
"Tonight?" Alfie nods his head in agreement before allowing Benny to give him that hug sighing happily once embraced.
Fucking timing, their arrival had interrupted Sam's first kiss with Gabriel, knowing what that meant to Sam, Dean quickly moved to his brother pulling him into a hug. He felt Sam's surprise at the embrace but neither said anything.
Deciding to read his own message Dean can't stop the smile at seeing Cas' name on the screen, it read:
"Of course, but I was talking about the British version,"
Thanks, there'll be burgers right?"
"Hey Cas," he greets holding his hand out for the cooler feeling glad when Cas accepts the help, Ellen would have a fit to see a guest lifting anything other than drink or food. "What did you guys bring?" he asks holding the door open for them making sure to take Kevin's small load too.
"Actually Cas that's not a bad idea,"
"Oh Dean, he did actually but the only charms my brother is interested in are yours. Cassie is a real catch, he won't be available forever. That's my piece said for the moment, now continue."
"Hey!" he exclaimed just as the front door opened.
Dean's eyes go wide his face breaking into a delighted smile, "Really? Are you messing with me?"
There was one more gift to come, yeah Cas had to starting planning his own surprise.
"Sammy you promised!"
"Daddy?"
"Team Sabriel will take that," announced Gabriel.
It was 8am!
"Dean, would you come in?" he smiled, "Now my brother has fresh gossip it won't be long until my more gossip inclined brother begins spamming my phone."
"Here you go, on the house," the brothers turned to find Ruby placing an orange paper bag on the counter.
At first Cas doesn't understand until he remembers how Gabriel answered the phone, Gabriel asked if he was here, here meaning School. Moving quickly Cas grabs his bag and heads for the garage he opens his car to find a note hanging from the rear view mirror.
"Busted," screamed Gabriel looking delighted as Sam shook his head disapprovingly.
"Chamomile tea, it's supposed to be soothing coffee will just make you tense." one day Dean knew his health nut brother would be the death of him.
* * *
"What is it, Meg?"
"It nothing bad, I promise. I'm not my brother I know when to reign it in." smiled Cas.
"I drew posters, Cas is having a kids day!"
"So you looking to buy anything today?" Sam asked his nephew getting out of the car.
"My Grandfather left his 1957 Corvette to me and my brother, it needs a ton of work." if at all possible Cas felt certain he saw Dean's eyes get even wider.
“I don’t know, Cas, I really like you and I’ve been so blind in not seeing it and I know I never want to see you in the roadhouse with some other guy, but I’m messed up and scared and don't want to lose you,”
"It's a prank, we haven't opened it," Dean answered not wishing to see Gabriel's face flair with anger he kept his eyes trained on the package.
"Uh huh, tell me did you push him up against the car and ravish him."
Heading over to his underwear drawer, Dean rummages for the familiar feel of his boxer briefs when his hand finds something softer. He snags it pulling it out of the drawer and towards him for closer inspection.
Nothing else was said, Dean kept looking into Cas' blue eyes how he loved to do, then without knowing who moved first they were kissing, far from the soft tentative kiss in the bathroom it was more desperate, Cas' hands were on Dean moving to push him against the door.
It's scary, actually, it's fucking terrifying but he wants to do it, in fact, it has to be now or he never will. Pulling back from under the bonnet Dean walks away heading to Bobby's office, luckily (or maybe it's a sign) Charlie is on the phone meaning he can escape her pep talk or whatever.
"Okay Angel." that hadn't been what he was going for, but with Cas just smiling that smile of his, Dean found himself calming down. Perhaps it wasn't that big of a deal.
"Well our parents did name us after angels, you've no need to worry Dean, looking like you do he'll do more than keep you safe if you ask."
Oh! It sounded doable in theory because he wanted to go, surely he should feel safe now. Yet he had always felt safe at Hive until now. "I don't know."
"So did you have anything else in mind?" asks Charlie beginning to walk toward the Krispy Kreme stand quickly paying for one strawberry and one apple that Dean gladly accepts.
"Ask him," great didn't that make him feel like the father of the year. "Look we've had a really great time, Henry thinks you don't like the place," added Sam, leaving Dean with the feeling he'd left something unspoken.
* * *
"I might be getting old but I'm not blind," it was said in such a matter of fact way that had Dean grinding his teeth, "Is this about John?"
"The photos will be upside down, please Cas is really nice to sit with." arguing no more Dean does as he told groaning when his growing seven-year-old son lands in his lap.
"It just occurred to me that all of our many movie nights are spent at your place, I would hate to be intruding." Cas smiled.
Cas' head snapped up his face sporting his own confused expression, "Making room to plant the Red Velvet Yarrow." what? Did that make a lick of sense to anyone? A tugging on his jeans had him looking down to find Henry.
Shaking his head once again at his brother's antics Cas remembered the stickers. Reaching for them he found a cute little bee with rainbow stripes and a circular save the bees sticker. Both were extremely apt, placing them with the scroll he read the last clue.
“No,” Cas returns, turning to frown at him. “She is ‘too hungover’.”
“Does there need to be a ring for it to count?” Castiel asks.
not to talk to you about it. It just --- shit happened.”
“Do you blame her?”
“You are
, Cas, Castiel, I just - I need you to talk to me.
because the guy is also reverently reaching out to cup his cheek, eyes shining. Dean figured that the guy had moments like this, of emotions bleeding out everywhere, and they’ve
“  — Cas, I really don’t give a crap about this Meteorology crap.”
“Everything blew up in my face and —- Sam was so angry and, and… and I knew if I was going to get to move anywhere it had to be Indiana, and that that — we weren’t solid enough to take me having a freaking kid, and —- it was a lot, Cas. And she was saying she didn't expect anything from me, just wanted a DNA test when the kid was born, and …. She was still in Lawrence, and I thought, I mean, that she was family now, so she met Sam and Bobby and Sonny and they were all… I don’t know, man, not disappointed, but no one thought I could do it.
“Yep,” Sam agrees, with this half-sympathetic quirk of the eyebrow.
Once he decided, he put the impala keys in the odds-and-ends drawer in the kitchen and didn’t look at them again, because it’s one of those painful shit-but-right decisions that makes his arthritis hurt.
“I believe in you, Dean,” Sam says, honest and simple.
that Dean had to lie to him about the whereabouts of his father in the same conversation where they had their first kiss. It’s not
He makes good time on the way back to Lawrence, rolling back into town with a good few solid days before Sam’s exams kick in and,
. He… he’s not sure he’s even sad about it. There’s something comforting in it, actually.
and --- what exactly do you
“It’s
“Jackass,” Dean says. The word sounds like a pet name from Dean. Affectionate.
“Yes,” Dean says, “Yeah, Cas, obviously I want that.”
“You wanna talk about what’s going on?”
“And it affects you!” Sam says, “Dean. I don't know what I'm going to do with your preferences. I haven't decided. I don't know --- I don't know that I
“Only way I know to get you to look at me dead in the eye. Well, not the only way, but I actually wanna have a conversation,” Dean says, “Cause let’s get one thing fucking straight,” Dean says, “I
He feels slightly hollow after Cas has hung up on him, even if he told him too, but he lost the battle against Zachariah for Castiel’s attention at work a long ass time ago.
“Well, whatever, I’ll get the next round now. Line em’ up, because my brother is a gonna be a goddamn lawyer
“Maybe, but - I bought breakfast, and coffee. Benny’s alive. Bobby is shacked up with Ellen. Date night this evening. DIY all day. Budge up, man, I want my side of the bed back.”
“But you will
“No, I know,” Charlie says, looking at him with her wide eyes, all sympathetic and fucking lovely, because Charlie is probably the best friend he’s ever had. He hasn’t spoken to her since the whole shit show went down, because if he talks then he’s gonna have a goddamn breakdown and he needs to… needs to keep going. Needs to battle it out. Needs to not fucking fall apart for as long as possible. “It’s just - you got another review.”
Helloo! There was things that wasn't angst in that chapter. See, look, I can write non-angst. yep. Thanks so much for all your lovely words of encouragement on this, all. I'm a little behind on answering them because I keep wanting to keep writing so much because the ol' writing bug has infected me big time, here.
“Dude, you’re supposed to be a
, so now I’m stuck with Gordon subbing in on the line. Usual restaurant crap. How’s studying, dork?”
“And…
“I quit.”
he sees Sam up even more in his head, but maybe the drive to Sam’s place is just what he needs to get his shit together.
“You have some healing to do with your family, I understand.”
written on the front.” Dean says, shooting Cas a smirk, “And I’m gonna need engine oil and another soda, bitch, given you nicked mine.”
“Yep,” Dean says, popping the P. “Not like he doesn’t interfere in my life all the damn time.”
a personal life, but okay.”
that he’s made a massive freaking mess over the past week and a half of his life. At some point, there are going to be consequences and conversations and fallouts, but he doesn’t have the capacity to think about that right now. If he tries to look at all the different ways this could possibly explode in his face, it feels like his lungs are going to turn to cement, so he’s just… rolling with the punches. Going with it. Riding the waves of his total insanity.
“Not currently.”
Dean closes his eyes and lets the familiar noise of
“And I’m not -- never claimed not to be a head case, but I
“You too,” Dean says, mouth a little dry, suddenly feeling like
“So this is the… little brother,” Gabriel says, goddamn
At least he didn't Han Solo him. Much.
“For at least some of the things you’re talking about, so was I.”
“ -I’m not trying to punish you for that crap, Cas, but it happened. It
“That is not what I'm suggesting,”
“And you two don’t live together anymore?” Their Dad asks. There’s some judgement packed in there, too. Dean’s pretty sure he always thought Dean moving across the country to move in with his little brother was basically pathetic.
“Cas,” Charlie says, her own voice grimmer than Castiel had ever heard it a year ago. He always associates Charlie with lightness and laughter and fake Russian accents, but lately she’s been more subdued too. More serious.
I don’t wanna know the normal price,” Dean says, and...
previously.”
to acknowledge it in Bobby’s kitchen.
in the same way that Emma and Claire did. After getting here from California, they moved three or four times while Sam tried to figure out all that solo-parenting stuff,  so it’s… it’s
“Oh, hey, there’s Kedorac quotes on the top page. What’s the first one?”
“You were
“Yes,” Cas says, “Considerably.”
“Good,” Dean says, "I'm done hiding crap from you. We know we've gotta get better at this. This is good.”
“Sure, Cas,” Dean says, “You have a good time?”
is far from the correct way to start this damn conversation.
,” Dean snaps, “Okay, I haven’t been meeting my side of the bargain. That doesn’t mean I don’t get a vote.”
in the middle of the restaurant, but it’s still beyond the point of plausible deniability in Dean’s own head that he doesn't know, and that’s a low freaking bar.
, my baby is goddamn innocent in this,” Dean says, “Take it back.”
“I’ve missed this car,” Castiel says, stopping short of the impala’s sleek black frame to run a hand over the hood. He’s relatively sure that he’s telling the truth, because his feelings about the impala have always been much easier to dissect than his feelings about Dean. The jury is still out on the latter.
to think of them clubbing together, without me.”
“It’s hateful of me to make any of this
“I’m thinking that I’m gonna need you to kiss me and then I’m gonna need you to bring Jess back here, to get this thing done.”
if you’d been there when he stopped answering his damn phone for two weeks and you were watching your Mom cry in the kitchen when the dean’s office wouldn’t tell her if he was okay. And, no, I don’t actually think that’s your fault, because Castiel has a helluva ability to fuck things up, but…”
“Lovely? I’m
and that, come tomorrow, he won’t... He’ll be miles and miles away and we wouldn’t be able to - would have no opportunity to -
“You got a point?”
and be helpful, even if his head is pounding and he feels more like an abandoned sock-puppet than actual human.
“--- I am not asking because I find it objectionable, I just don’t understand.” Castiel interjects, “The Dean I am accustomed to does not talk about how he
Dean’s damn sure he doesn’t want to hear whatever the hell else Sam has to say about
but at the time it just felt like he’d fallen short of one of Dean’s secret standards and Castiel was being punished for some unknown wrongdoing), so he’d agreed to the damn thing and then Dean was
,” Cas says, deadpan on point.
“Tsk, I was promised you’d stay in bed all day. I feel cheated.”
this so goddamn badly or when it makes him feel so freaking good. Damnit, he’s a fucking
“He’s selling his review to some Stanford paper and this states-wide food magazine,” Dean says, the words scraping out of his throat like he’s had a cold for three weeks. They sound raw. Deadened.
“It’s really hard to be honest about this stuff, Cas,” Dean says, “So,” Dean says, turning their hands over, threading their fingers together and smiling at him. It’s a good smile, even though it’s layered on top of pain and worry. It’s honest, at least. “Wanna make out?”
Sam."
“Nothing,” Dean lies because, no fucking way is he getting into the part where any trace of sanity he’s ever had evaporated into
He hasn’t actually
Or --- he is. He
“Hmm. You needed to relax about a week ago.” Cas says, which is not inaccurate. Feels like a strange time of day to have a bath, but… but maybe after some concentrated Cas time and if he can coax some of the tension out of his muscles and take a damn nap. He could use some sleep before therapy.
By the time Cas emerges from upstairs, freshly showered and fucking gorgeous, Dean’s sat at the tiny kitchen table trying to work the crick out of his neck with his thumb.
I wanted to leave you guys with something a little lighter than the last one... so here we go! I hope quarantine season is treating everyone okay.
“Which ex?” Tara asks, “The serious guy you went to school with.”
Cas gets caught in a pleased mix between a glare and a smile, then he’s gone.
“Thirteen,” Sam corrects, with his long frigging hair and his
than they were before?
He gets back home a little after nine and is expecting to be greeted with a closed door, but Sam’s relocated back to the sofa - alone - with a text book propper up on his gigantor legs, news blaring on in the background.
“It's ... I just realised I came out to my frigging brother by voicemail and
“Dean,”
And then he’s right behind him in the Roadhouse.
“But it’s not —- accepted a long damn time ago that this stuff was probably going to affect me, in one way or another, for the rest of my life,” Dean says, peeling the words out from under his skin. He’d rather talk about this tomorrow, really, but maybe then he’ll be able come up with another list of reasons to
That's what he
in this damn place owes you anything, because you are a self-centred, immature, insecure
“Yeah, it is,” Dean says, “Complicated, but good. We’ll be okay. How’s it going with your brothers, really?”
,” Castiel says, voice cracking slightly.
-- who texts him about crap his students say and asks Dean about his morning and once told Dean that he had a right to be angry about the world -- into the form of Castiel, the first guy he ever crushed on, fierce and gorgeous, who once publicly humiliated him and used to try and teach him literature. “But… well.”
“You said that you would help,” Castiel says, setting down his sad plait to squint at his brother on the screen. Gabriel is still in bed, potentially naked (or at least shirtless, but Castiel lived with him for long enough to know too much about how frequently Gabriel slept naked) and Castiel is relatively sure this isn’t how he envisioned this morning panning out.
“Awesome,” Dean says. Honestly, he was expecting more resistance. Halfway is only semi accurate, because at least the last forty minutes of the drive was in the wrong direction. It’s still a three and a half hour drive and they don’t have any overnight stuff — no change of clothes or freaking toiletries - so it is kind of stupid, but Cas is remarkably good at going along with Dean’s crazy ideas.
“No,” Dean says, as Castiel slips into talking about something that Dean doesn't understand and doesn't really give a damn about. Some dead guys' views about another dead guy's poetry.
“Good to see you too, Gabriel.”
(--- if he’d just
“So, uh, you’ve been to this place before?” Dean says into the tense silence that Castiel definitely caused.  He is the very picture of
“We even own any food?”
, ugly and inconvenient --- and its only just true. He
“Today was -- it was supposed to be about you,” Dean says, “I just said that stuff about freaking proposals to distract you and I shouldn’t’ve done it.”
“Only if that isn’t a euphemism or a delaying tactic from answering my question.”
. Sam used to like them, though. He’d always swipe some whenever they were here, cracking them open in the middle of the night in empty-motel rooms to wrap narratives around him. Dean always thought it was about the stories themselves, but now Dean’s beginning to think that maybe it was something about having a piece of home on-the-road; this reminder that there was a place where someone tried to encourage them to do their homework and made sure they had lunch to take to school.
then it wouldn’t have happened. He wouldn’t have had to
Dean drains the rest of his tea to give him a reason to break Castiel’s gaze. It’s lukewarm, now, and it didn’t taste great to begin with. Still, it’s an excuse to look at his hands, at the bent line of his little finger, and try and work out what to
, Dean, that I
the guy’s goddamn blog and his policy of attending each restaurant three times.
“Dean, the one benefit of unemployment is not having to get out of bed at this time of the morning.”
“When was your last relationship, Gabriel?” Castiel asks, tipping back his final shot and setting the empty glass on the table, upside down. “Did they depend on you
“You hungry?” Dean asks, voice rougher and lower than normal. “That meatloaf was kind of crappy.”
The banisters don’t creak, anymore, but the floorboards still do: Dean’s always found it reassuring that Anna either couldn’t or didn’t want to fix all of the little quirks of the place, even if he likes a lot of improvements.
“I,” Castiel begins, “I
“You’ve been keeping it up?”
she photoshopped us into drag and, fuck, I’m a hot ass chick. You, however, should skip the make up. Obviously I still would, but I’m pretty biased.”
and Dean winds up blinking at the ceiling of Cas' bedroom.
thinks I’m dating a chick and my - and Cas - probably still thinks I’m in freaking porn.”
, Dean. This is…. I can’t imagine how hard this is.”
“Dean.”
, so I just… didn’t let you help me. I wouldn’t have let you.”
or some crap like that, not just take the compliment.”.
“Don’t deny yourself on my account.”
“I didn't ask you what you think you deserve,” Cas says, “I asked what you want.”
“Yes, I had a soft toy when I was an infant, Dean.”
. It - there’s
“Again?” Sam asks, sat on the corner of the old Milton picnic table (and Dean’s surprised the damn thing can hold up his weight; it’s older than sin), raising an eyebrow at the grill. They’re three days into this vacation and Dean’s yet to cook lunch on anything else. That’s how he remembers all those other summers and Dean figures if it was good enough for Chuck Shurley, then it’s good enough for the three of them. It’s not surprising that Sam disagrees with him.
“Dean, that’s not the part I take issue with. You wanted to keep away from the restaurant-”
That’s almost as long as Castiel’s entire marriage.
It’s just that understanding it doesn’t have an impact on how profoundly
“How could you still think that?” Sam asks, eyes spilling over and, goddamnit, he can’t. He can’t when Sam is stood there in his kitchen crying. “I - maybe part of me, but mostly I’m just worried about you. What you told me, Dean. What you said. I missed it. I missed it and it, it almost cost you, cost me
“Dunno,” Dean says, pausing to stare at it, something painful lodged in his throat. “Guess he’ll probably show up in Lawrence at some point, given Hester and Inias still live here.”
“Six days,” Cas frowns, which is a
“You got kind of flustered when you interviewed that chef who flirted with you, once, so I had you marked down as a
Cas is a pretty well-adjusted guy. There’s gotta be a story behind why he quit his high flying tax-accountant career that they haven’t talked out, but for the large part - and definitely compared to Dean (which is, it is a fair to say, a shockingly low bar)- Cas is freakishly sane about everything.
“Thanks,” Dean snorts, pulling back, and ---
and inccessantly dramatic and has a tendency to say things he doesn’t mean. He knows that. It isn’t
“Gabriel.”
Cas looks at him warily as Dean crosses the kitchen with two glasses and the bottle, settling against the kitchen table, close enough to Cas that he can reach out and touch him if he wanted.
“Grow up Cas,” Dean says, blunt and hard. It’s an interesting experience being told to grow up by a man who settled a debate about who was doing the washing up with a thumb war last week and still not really feeling like he could refute the statement, because Castiel has been acting like a child. He
“You may never know,” Castiel says, picking up the rest of the laundry and arching his back as he stands, because he know that Dean is watching his every movement and it’s entertaining and the best kind of satisfying. “I've missed seeing you flustered.”
“Yes,” Castiel says, “They have salsa dancing on Fridays. It was very loud.”
, but I don’t think you understand how much of my damn life has been out of my control.”
“Anyway, uh, Sam doesn’t usually buy my groceries. He’s riding my ass about, uh, eating less take out,” Dean says, turning back to his fridge and remembering the whole part where he hasn’t cooked anything
“Yeah, a decade ago, maybe.”
“Yes, I don’t imagine it would be fun. Your nightmares have been —- bad.”
“You can't fucking stop me,” Dean grates out, “You just try, Sam.”
,” Dean says, “Cas.”
“Charlie, he said my garlic bread was
“Is this your father?”
a goddamn burger place.
He’s three glasses of champagne shy of completely sober, which Dean knows because he’s been watching him all night. Dean’s watched enough of Cas’ drinking to know he’s about as far from drunk as he’s been since getting on this ship.
“There’s nothing
Sam’s sends him a ‘how was the drive?’ message about half an hour after dinner of delivered pizza, at the point where Dean’s drinking a third cup of coffee (in the revamped Balthazar mug Anna had remade from the originals) from the new machine and mostly trying to give Cas some space, like that’s something either of them actually want.
“Dean,” Cas says, gaze flicking back to him, burrowing under his skin.
“So,” Dean says, “You don’t
without freaking telling him, which probably means that he’s pissed Sam off in some way. He’s got no idea by
Dean makes a noise at the back of his throat and looks down at his phone again.
“Meg is here.”
By the time he’s stopped crying and he’s settled, head on Dean’s shoulder, it’s started to rain. Unhurried, thick rain that brings with it a heavy stillness.
“Okay,” Cas says, “Dean, it’s… helpful to me if you are more candid about how you’re feeling. If I’d…
layers of history.
“Got no damn idea
“Guess you’re pretty much stuck here, huh?” Emily says, slamming the table, “I think it might be my round.”
“All right,” Dean says, “This is gonna happen.”
. There’s still this tension sitting in his shoulders. There’s still this distinct
he was thinking about it must have been totally confusing for Cas. His cold-warm-hot routine doesn’t make a whole lot of sense without the context.
“You weren't handling things well. I’ve heard that line.”
“Says the guy who thought I was fucking straight till a few months ago.”
my fucking front of house, Charlie, how the hell didn’t you know?”
“Mhmm . It's good for me. Reminds me I'm weak. It's when I start believing I've beaten it I slip up. Took me a long time to get there, though.” Benny says, assessing him over his cup of coffee, eyebrow raised in this expression of casual acceptance that Dean
“--- Cas, I’m not digging for a compliment, here,” Dean says, “I
“Okay,” Dean says, clearing his throat to break the moment, because… even if he’s had to get
“Put on a damn shirt,” Dean says, “Underwear. Somethin’.”
“Dean,”
Dean hangs up.
Castiel’s phone pings with a completely contextless
Castiel types out, hiding his smile into his pillow as he waits for a response.
“Not saying this isn’t a total head fuck,” Dean says, because he’s still trying to fit this concept of
Dean sets down his beer and stares.
“Weren’t we playing poker?” Claire asks, picking at the pack and arching an eyebrow at him.
“Shame you haven’t got any pictures of your family in here. That Samandriel’s a handsome sonuvabitch.”
had this conversation in person, because then he could curl against Dean’s side, run a hand over his shoulders, tuck himself under Dean’s arms and bury his face into Dean’s chest. It is as annoying as it was the evening he had found out that Dean had spent month dating Lisa, when he was so
“Yeah, I got that memo,” Dean says, “Look, Cas, you’re not the first guy in the world to pick a fight when you’re upset about something else. Just feel a little in the dark about the something else.”
that has him feeling almost warm and almost good. It’s layered up with the profoundly shitty knowledge that if he wasn’t such a screw up on the alcohol stakes, he could be
Castiel posts a review of their Friday date on Saturday evening.
They're a couple of minutes away from being mid-act, so it's a little late for Dean's head to be muscling in with logic, but Dean's felt a little uneasy all day and especially since the coffee shop and his promise that he'll call him. He just doesn't know what any of this means, or what he wants it to mean, or what Cas wants and the easy, light feeling he'd been carrying around with him has been shot to hell. It's not like he didn't know it was complicated yesterday, it's just that it didn't feel complicated when he was close enough to Cas to smell his goddamn honey shampoo, with the guy spilling out his soul, listening to him and still there when Dean woke up. Now Dean's fucked it up by promising to
of assault charge, or even where the assault trial was tried (Dean had said that Sam was ‘nearby’ at college when he had a call from the hospital, so he had assumed that Dean was somewhere near New York, but Dean’s definition of ‘nearby’ has always been skewed by him spending much of his childhood on the road).
“Your brother loves you a lot.”
“Well, it ain’t,” Dean says. Castiel frowns at him. “It --- it’s
. That’s the day Dean came home with that grim look and his newfound commitment to fire Garth and… presumably, Benny has been talking to him about this for months, with the camaraderie of both being screwed over by the same circumstance and battling the same beast, but he
He switches to beer, which is a compromise of sorts.
by way of opinions since Castiel started talking, which is… unsettling.
, after Dean appeared at the funeral. There was a large amount of vodka and Meg’s comforting lack of empathy and Castiel told her about
. It has presence. It’s more than ‘going on a few dates’. This is about as serious as Dean Winchester ever is about anything.
, as presents go, but Sam gets all emotional about it and insists on giving him a hug and telling him that he’s
for them to acknowledge ---”
for you, you can make some more coffee.”
“Sure,” Dean says, “Sounds fucking great.”
that pays some kind of money, it’s just the seasonal dead spot right now. And before Christmas it was all seasonal temp crap that wanted me to start
“Never said my internal baggage made
if you need me.”
He should go to bed.
from me.”
of feeling this exposed. His vulnerabilities and failures plastered all over his face for everyone to look at. It’s bad enough from Sam and Cas, but Benny is a goddamn
“ - no one
“Right. We’re talking - nineteen, now,” Dean says, “Working hard for shit money, rocking the misunderstood trouble teenage shtick and then one of the chefs at that restaurant said,  goddamn dumb now I think about it, but uh - he was setting up his own restaurant, and he could use someone with my work ethic. He hadn’t been there that long. Not when I was a real kid, and he said he’d pay me more money to keep pot washing so I figured - what the hell.”
, because they watched a movie with Cas curled up on his chest and then Dean acted as big spoon all night, as Cas slept close, warm and fitful, but they didn’t talk, they didn’t kiss and Cas didn’t ask when he was going to call when he left in the morning, and it felt… okay. Not as big of a disaster as it could’ve been. “Hope you didn’t —— take off early from your thing to see me.”
“Hey,” Dean breathes.
“Are you feeling better?” Cas asks, when he reemerges in fresh clothes, hair still damp, having had enough time to remind himself that
fight.”
“I am intending to visit, I just don't know what to tell Hester and Gabriel.”
“Goodnight,” Castiel says and Dean kisses him gently enough that it feels… okay.
“Sammy, when have I ever not been serious about food?”
“Right,” Dean says, “Least at that point, Bobby had him telling me where the hell he was every night, not that I was really talking to Bobby, either. Anyway, Lise… she’d organised this meal,” Dean says, “We weren't together or whatever then,” Dean says, glancing up to gauge Castiel’s reaction but, strangely, that detail hadn’t particularly registered with him. It’s dwarfed by the idea of Dean Winchester not knowing where his seventeen year old brother was
“The point still stands,” Cas say, losing the latter half of the word in a yawn. “How do you get up at this time every day?”
Cas makes a show of dropping his room key.
on his phone screen.
“Okaaaayy,” Jo says, “Yeah. I got nothing. Your love life is a freakshow.”
“Yes,” Castiel agrees, “He told me about cutting you out. You forgave him.”
That feels like a stretch. Dean’s more or less convinced that they were inevitable the second Castiel threw his arms around him at Chuck’s funeral, but he’s willing to let it slide in the name of humour.
“That’s factual, not flirting.”
“He said  I am not over you’ when I asked him why he still has my Christmas present.”
and your
“ - Dean, I am
is an improvement on the first week of Netflix-in-a-blanket. He’ll take the book-edits. “He’s struggling, but…. He’ll be okay.”
“We’re gonna order pizza,” John says, eyeing him over his beer, “Unless you’re gonna cook.”
“Wanna get up,” Dean counters.
“I - Charlie,” Dean says, waving this away, “Not the point. Cas, I sent you that invite because I have
Dean replies four minutes later with a
“Yes,” Castiel says, looking very seriously at his toast-offering. It’s a nice gesture and one that disappears in three bites. Timothy is a lot more liberal with butter than Castiel and…. Apparently, Castiel is very
“Sure, because Michael’s ever respected my personal boundaries.”
alarms that could disrupt their pieces.
“Dean.” Castiel says, chest aching.
“I had a lot of regret,” Cas says, “And a lot of pain. I can turn it off.”
“I mean compared to Balthazar, Grandad,” Dean says with an eye roll, pulling Castiel closer to him on the sofa, right into the space next to his arm. “Pretty sure your first college boyfriend was longer than this, too.”
“Are you on the payroll or something?” Dean snaps, picking up the phone and feeling his heart sink, “Dad. I --- Yeah. Yes.... I'll pick him up. He's got some after school club but I ---  Monday, okay. Yeah, I've got money. Yes. Yes, sir.”
until after the panic attack and he’s been trying not to dwell on it since, because he
“Wowsa,”
“Did he look pissed?”
isn’t good enough and - all that crap you said about earning more and promotions and money. I just don’t understand where the hell this came from. I just want to fix this.”
“Dean - that is
“Yep. By about two months,” Sam says, “How come he’s not around for Thanksgiving or Christmas?”
“Yes,” Cas says, “I was hoping you’d allow me to
, because you are too damn stubborn to admit to yourself what you want and because you are insecure and so desperate for people to like you that you have sold yourself out. You can
“None of your damn business, that’s how,” Bobby grouses, “And I suppose you’ll be reviewing this conversation in your damn paper.”
“Like you didn’t,” Sam says, “But you don’t have to do that anymore. I’m —— I’m grateful, Dean, really. I couldn’t’ve done it without you.”
and then you said ‘this is usually the part where you tell me your name’ and I did, and you raised your eyebrows and said
“Bring me some pancakes.”
“No.”
Goddamnit. Fucking
“You’re getting up.”
, now. Cas just reaching out with his warmth and easy-affection and precise tenderness.
“Guess you do,” Dean says, and Castiel can hear the smile in his voice.
for Dean to think involving Gabriel is a good idea, but it is probably misguided.
“No, you won’t,” Cas says, “Dean.”
“You should come visit Bobby,”
when Sam is the one butting in.
“Maybe a little,” Cas says, “Dean.”
“Doubt this is gonna be that kind of conversation,” Dean says, with a bitter, half smile, “Look. After… after Alistair, I didn’t have sex at all for like,  a year. I had — well. Other stuff on my mind, for the most part. Then I realised Alistair was the last person I’d slept with, and, well,” Dean says, scattering the sand under his fingers and exhaling. That was a bad day, even though it was fucking ridiculous; just because Alistair was the last person to touch him, it shouldn’t have suddenly felt more real or raw. It didn’t actually change anything, but all of a sudden it felt like his skin was crawling with his
Sam gets back home to find him in the same position he left him in, phone a dead weight in one hand as he stares at the Netflix show he definitely hates. He’s swapped his coffee for the crappy bottle of scotch he keeps under the sink for the kind of days where his insides feel like they’ve been dug out with a blunt spoon, and he really, really wants to talk to Cas, and he can’t.
“Yeah, but,” Dean says, “I
Dean near-slams the door to the master bedroom behind him, collapses onto the bed and turns off the light.
about this decision actually, considering.”
if Castiel wants to file it all under ‘not dealing with that.’
“Just take your shot, douchebag.”
his job, or his money, or his marriage to be more important.
has been part of our relationship from the beginning.”
that information this morning isn’t what upset me, Dean,” Castiel says, “It’s not the first time you have snapped at me to mask the fact that you’re having emotions. The
“Castiel,” Cas says, standing up as if he isn’t covered in goddamn latte, “John Winchester,” He says, very seriously, and then —-
“You could,” Dean says, “You could still sell your review.”
“No,” Dean says, “No, I --- gotta face the music first.”
“Lisa,” Dean grimaces. He’s been avoiding her since the ship set sail from Southampton, because he know’s she’s gonna want to push and Dean’s pretty solidly not in the mood to talk about
“I am not concerned about that.”
“I’m good,” Dean says, picking up the form about her car and filling out the final details. “I fix cars. Live with my little brother. I’m happy, doing good.”
“Don’t tempt me, Winchester,”
“Date night.”
. If it’s gonna freak you out too much, I don’t have to go. I won’t force it on you, but…”
It has been a… very long time.
“Mmm — damn sofa armin my back,”
“Damnit, I know that! That's not what I freaking meant, but this is starting to feel a lot like overcompensating.”
his check-up (still no prostate cancer), but he made him book another one to sit there and ask if he’s
“We're fine,” Dean says as the spill out into the parking lot.
“Yes,” Castiel says, “In hindsight, I should not have left that summer.”
“What can I say, man, sometimes a guy just wants to get home.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, shutting his eyes for a moment.  “I want that, anyway. The intimacy thing. I miss it too. It’s, it’s not
“You know I’m not very logical when I’m upset.”
“Look,” Sam says, “You haven’t done this for a while. It’s pretty natural to feel like this.”
“No, Dean,” Cas says, imploringly, “I
. I thought —- I didn’t intend to hurt him, but I also did not believe my capacity to
“Anyway, I’m not arguing with you right now,” Dean continues, for all the world like Castiel
staying here till then?” Dean asks, pulse picking up more out of
of truth to that when Dean was edging towards burnout, tired and overwhelmed, but now he’s pretty fucking capable of dealing for long enought to accompany Cas to some shitty, fancy-ass dinner in New York. The decision being taken out of his hands and brushed under the carpet is maddening, but now probably isn’t the time to pick at it. Not when Cas is about to leave and already anxious. “I have Gabriel as back up. I will be fine.”
“Is the blame game really necessary?”
Dean sits with it for a beat.
“Gabriel having a dirty weekend, huh?” Dean asks, “Man, that’s a gnarly thought.”
They’re a hundred percent going to rip out the carpet, too, but he’s still irritated enough at his brother to let him waste time putting sheets down unnecessarily. Especially as Cas sways into his presence when they’re alone again, gaze that shade of blue that makes him feel like a fucking superhero. Damnit, he’s so stupidly in love with the guy.
Dean swallows back that desire to throw something or scream or put his fucking fist through a wall, because
“I’m alright,” Dean says, “Didn’t sleep great. Got in my head a bit about missing you so much, but feel a lot better now I’m here.”
“Dean,” Sam bitchfaces, “You haven’t listened to a single word I’ve said.”
“No it’s cool, we should talk about this stuff,” Dean says, because he didn’t know how to bring that up but it was always part of the plan. Sometimes he needs Claire’s bluntness, especially as that used to be a Cas job. Emma is so damn sensitive to his feelings that she gives him too much room to bury his head in the sand.  “Was being pig-headed, keeping you out of it. Yeah, I --- yeah, they’re gonna do some tests in a few weeks. Don’t think they’re worried-worried, but they wanted Sam to keep an eye on stuff, but if it is… bad then we’re gonna need to keep talking about it. All of us.”
“That's all you know?”
A message from Bobby rolls in just after he’s started making himself one of Cas’ expensive as fuck hipster coffees. He’s back up to twenty percent battery, so Dean calls him rather than bother typing out a text so that he can multitask.
No. He doesn’t want to complicate this.
kissed once since they started ‘going on dates’, and that was a simple brief thing that did nothing to quench his desire to
“Sam,” Dean manages, his throat tight, painful. “I get that you’re trying to help, but you - you can’t. You can’t fix a car. Rufus wouldn’t… it’s not possible.”
“Awh, Bobby, I didn't know we were invited for Christmas.”
? Goddamnit, Sam, I've had you in there three time since Cas wrote that stuff, and now you think there's a problem with my food?” Dean demands. Sam’s not the least bit apologetic about it. He’s just
. That he couldn’t wait for Dean to figure things out; that he needed him to have done the math years ago.
“Sam, you don’t know jack
project not-date vibes when getting coffee with someone who fucked him just over twenty four hours ago. Thirty one hours ago, there abouts.“Because it is
“What, seriously?”
, I guess, but it just… seemed like you just fit right into that life and I’m always gonna feel like cheap white trash in one of your corporate boardrooms, but  --- fuck, Cas, I don’t want you exoercising your life of anything lawyer-ish because I’ve got a freakin’ complex.”
, because obviously it isn’t. Cas
“Charlie, we haven’t been talking that much,” Dean says, as Cas sends him a single question mark.
Halfway through his second load of laundry, Gabriel calls him.
. Compassionate, kind, whip-smart,
“If you want,” Dean half-shrugs, finally making a move toward the car door, “Not yet, though. This weekend
“And you’re cranky.”
“Okay,” Dean says, another four forkfuls of risotto later. “I’m just —— I’m gonna do it.”
“So Dean, are your insecure, petty and lacking in substance Zucchini fries still on the menu?” Probably Michael asks, leaning forward with his eyebrows raised.
That’s not
“It would be my honour, but… Either way, realistically, it won’t be enough on its own, Dean.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, “Don’t get me wrong, I’m still pretty damn sure that you’re not gonna want chain yourself to this hot mess, and I’m gonna have to work out how to deal , but... I spent months trying to make something work with Lisa, wondering what the hell was wrong with me, that I couldn’t feel a damn thing for this awesome freaking woman, with this white picket fence life that I always figured that I actually wanted but could never admit to, but it wasn’t right.”
“Okay,” Jess says, “Okay. Correct me if I’m wrong, but… Therapy is a big deal, Sam, and it’s private and difficult and crappy. If you want to
“Yes,”
and chat with them about their families over coffee. “What?”
hetrosexual-partner, but… that’s fine. It’s not
“Okay,” Dean agrees, even though the whole thing seems like a violation of everything they've been building. It feels wrong. It feels like the worst fucking idea he's ever heard, but it's not his call, and it's less than two weeks.
“You and me both, Cas,” Dean says, and then he smiles again. It’s a less solid one, less secure, but it’s there. It takes a few moments to realise he’s smiling too; he hadn't realised he was happy,  but he supposes he is. Overwhelmed and confused and frustrated, but
. Charlie and Cas sharing small talk about what a total freak-show Dean is in his own freaking restaurant and… all that
“—- but
“They wouldn’t have done anything,” Dean says, “You walk into a police station and tell them you’re still getting texts from me they’d have laughed you out the door. It doesn’t matter.”
, with the patience of a saint, but Dean doesn’t feel a lot like being patient this morning. In an ideal world, he’d like to punch something, which he supposes is an improvement on that bone-weary
bringing it up, or referring to Dean Smith, or even mentioning the word ‘Catfish’, out loud. “This guy that you’re seeing.”
he wants to fucking go. Mostly, he wants to go
that pulls his mouth into a wide smile.
"I thought you'd like it,"
“That and I gotta run some stuff by you,” Dean says, pinching the bridge of his nose and taking a breath. “Stop dodging questions.”
he’s protesting otherwise, but it’s suddenly infuriating that Dean can see right through him.
“You and Cas?”
“I know,” Cas says, warm and low. “It was a nice thing, Dean.”
“No, he didn’t,” Dean concedes, “Lisa… she told me I was trying damn hard not to turn into him that I was becoming him. Just --- don’t hold onto this so hard that it breaks you, Sammy. It’s not worth it.”
“Yeah, he’s doing great,” Dean smiles, “Living with me which is great, because I freakin’ hate living alone. Finishing up college. I don’t blame him, you know. Not anymore. I think —- if I’d stumbled across a Ruby and a needle, instead of some nerdy guy who tried to teach me algebra and a fake Facebook profile, then I think my life would look pretty different.”
he was still pissed off.
is casually calling her ‘that girl of yours’ like it’s old information. They’ve
Sam looks a little pacified, but not the least bit finished. Dean’s really not in the mood to have his life choices ripped into by a fucking seventeen year old (for the fourth time this week), but he’s recently lost the ability to be able to get Sam to shut the hell up.
“Does it have to be
“I don’t,” Dean says “Lawyers are douchebags. But I want
the big brother?” Dean asks, phone wedged under his ear like it
“There doesn’t have to be anything wrong with me to tell you I love you.”
“Tangled, web, sir,” Charlie says, “And - forget everyone else for a minute - you're going to end up hurting yourself.”
“Not really a lie if we both know we’re talking shit,” Gabriel says, “Want one, Cassie?”
“—- Cassie!” Balthazar says, appearing behind both of them with a wide smile. Dean caught a glimpse of him earlier, but seeing goddamn
"Class?"
He adds on a variation of the burger he made for Robin way back when, the first girl he ever cooked for. First girl he kissed, even.
“I am paying
He’s pretty sure that the gist of it was that this girl was sueing her boss for wrongful dismissal and sexual harassment, and they were arguing about whether she could push for anything more than that and the merits of the case. Sam thought it was worth her trying to push criminal charges and Cas said that he probably was a criminal, but that the charges wouldn’t stick.
Dean takes another sip of his soda through his damn straw (and, what is he, twelve?) and wonders if it would make it better or worse if he disappeared to the toilets to ring Cas again.
“Cool it?” Cas quotes back at him, eyebrows raised, which is a fair freaking response, given Dean's the one that has Cas pinned to his bed with his thighs. He’s the
“Dean,” Cas says, reaching for the packet, which is perfect and hilarious. They’ve never interacted like this, when it’s light hearted and easy, and all of that seriousness that usually underlines their conversation has been pushed aside. It’s good. It makes Dean
, but he really didn’t think that Cas would actually goddamn turn up at the restaurant, and he figured after the reopening came and went that that was
“And you called her your girlfriend?”
“Fine. Stalemate,” Dean calls out to his retreating back, “I guess we’re
“Dean, you’ve
knows about this now? Did Sam take out an advert in the goddamn paper or something?”
“Later,” Cas agrees, all gravely and dangerously hot, pressing into Dean’s space and kissing him, gloriously and thoroughly into the sofa.
, given he’s decided to drive the hour to Dean’s apartment in the middle of the night, but given that he has discovered that Dean’s ex murdered two of his previous partners he does not think he is being unreasonable. He doesn’t like making decisions driven by emotion because he is very bad at it, but
"I do," Benny says, "Damn shame,"
,” Dean says, “It’s fine, Bobby, we talked. We’re okay. Just wanna get my head back on straight.”
“It’s cool.
Neither of them have acknowledged it as a possibility for ten months, but it
“Cas,” Dean interjects, “I came for you.”
Thank you ClassicalECentric for the waffle name idea :)
with thick, complicated dreams. Not his normal nightmares, but too vivid, sprawling dreams that cling to the corners of his head after he’s woken up, disorientated and
“Yeah,” Dean exhales, tightening his grip on his sink. “Yeah, I know that Sammy.”
You have one new message.
It is just difficult, when the numb shock and the horror is the only thing he can focus in on.
“Because of the timing,” Castiel says, shoulders squared as he looks out the window.
“The weekend before we were due to drive out, I took him to this burger restaurant. Best burger’s in the state and Sam orders a garden salad,”
out loud without immediately bursting into flames. To
for talking the whole day a little slow. And… Benny got him some traditional christmas toilet-paper (this year with a coronavirus toilet-roll hoarding joke) and Cas another goddamn christmas jumper. They’ve got whisky and these hand-knitted scarves (Jo’s quarantine hobby) and Ellen’s cooked them a week’s worth of homemade meals --- fucking
and too much, except Dean is serious — completely, utterly serious — and he wants him. Still, it’s embedded in his bone marrow; he loves Dean Winchester. He loves him when he is making terrible jokes and refuses to talk about his feelings, and he loves him when he looks him in the eye with that green gaze and tells him he wants them to have a future together.
he’s trying to make some writing progress by unleashing his inner asshole, carving himself out a niche position as hyper-critical.
,” Dean comments, sitting down heavily and making a face at him. He’s… yeah. Dean used to find the physicality of all this car-stuff easier, but he’s spent two and half years on a freakin’
“I can take the lunch away.”
, Cas. That’s not a reason for you to turn down a perfectly good nine till five and I --- we’re a
mayonnaise, then,” Dean says, shifting close enough that he’s pretty much sat on Cas’ lap under the pretence of skipping ahead in Cas’ quiz.
She does and over lunch they talk about their classes, her new boyfriend, and Dean, and agree to have lunch again next week.
“ - I don’t,”
Even after ten months of pandemic and restaurant-closures, Dean is still generally awake hours before Castiel. On good days, Castiel can manage to convince him to
“It's not like I'm not grateful. I couldn't have gone to college without you. “
for Dean to be in his damn apartment. “I’m going to shower.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, “I wanted it. I really did. We were gonna pick out a date. The whole shebang.”
Still, he’s so  goddamn comfortable that he keeps his eyes shut and just rests until the last dregs of sleep have drained away.
about what all of this has cost me.”
“Got you a danish too,” Sam says, passing him both the cup and a paper bag.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about, Dean,” John says, raising his voice.
“ I --- both and neither,” Dean says, swallowing, “You’re usually better at figuring me out, this point.”
that he’d tell someone if he wasn’t okay. And —- Sam will get it, Sam loves him, Sam doesn’t mind babying Dean through some of this bullshit.
me to do?”
“Hmm,” Castiel says, “Naomi is redecorating. I am
,” Castiel says, moving towards the front room and pulling out a piece of paper, pressing it into Dean’s hands. It’s the same hyper-neat, deliberate cursive as it was when he was fifteen year old. Careful and considered. It’s written like it’s algebra notes, rather than something emotive and complicated. He’s gone
“He overplayed it cause he’s pissed at Dad,” Dean counters, “I cooked packet mac and cheese when Dad bought it and fed him lucky charms for three meals a day when he forgot. How’s Jess?”
This tension and weight that he didn’t even realise he was carrying has been lifted.
, maybe, it’s a good idea.
“No, I need to be clear about this,” Castiel says, “If any intimacy isn’t something you can offer right now then —- I understand that, and I can
“Your face doesn’t mean anything.”
“We haven’t talked about
“I know I was. Think you’re doing a pretty good job of figuring stuff out, actually.” Sam says, looking back at his coffee. “Dean.  I --- know I said that I wanted to do the brother stuff.”
Dean nearly flips his whole pizza box off his lap.
“But if you really wanna know,” Dean says, making himself comfortable, “On day three I had a nightmare,” He begins, shutting his eyes as he talks, drinking in the warmth and easiness of all of it.
Cas’ electric blue eyes narrow at him.
, but that’s not the whole picture. There are a few groups. Spatterings of people Dean would have sworn were straight as a goddamn arrow. Just,
. He complained, mostly.  He finally had somewhere to direct that simmering, all-consuming anger at
“Uh,” Dean breathes and, yeah, he needs a goddamn minute.
of food and suddenly he’s freaking ravenous. He’s a little emotionally raw and running on his third pot of coffee and burger-fumes, but he’s feeling pretty damn
“Right,” Dean says, a little bitter.
, I do go to some bar and see if anyone’s interested to make everything less shitty because I’m lonely, Cas, except now you’re calling me and I don’t - I’m not gonna do that - but every time you hang up the phone I feel more damn
.” Dean says, tightening his grip on Sam’s arm, holding him tightly enough that it must hurt. “ We’ve gotta actually move
“I mean, we’re
“Dean, listen to me, it’s viable.”
“Dean, I don’t even know why you hired him.”
“Dean,” Cas says, voice all rich gravel and gorgeous, and Dean’s close enough that he can feel the word reverberate around his chest, and he’s always loved the way Cas says his name. It has its own gravity. Gravitas.
“He, uh,” Dean says, hands stilling at the fridge, “I said Cas and he - assumed that you were, uh,”
“I don’t appreciate the comparison.”
If these last couple of weeks are anything to go by, the chances of any of that coming out of his mouth are pretty fucking slim.
He didn’t really call to
It’s past midnight and his phone has been traitorously, torturously silent, and Dean’s compensated by drinking way, way too much. They’re staying at Bobby’s because everyone drives like an asshole on New Years’ Eve and because it’s late and because Dean was over the limit about five hours ago, and it is
And Sam said
“A week? That sucks. We could do tomorrow?”
Anna had been gushing and asked for a great number of intimate details, which Castiel marked down to wedding madness. Hester just gave him a soft smile, and a hug and said
“I was only in semi-regular contact with my family before I called Anna. Less than an hour later Gabriel showed up with a u-haul. He’d been setting up his cafe anyway, but needing help was mostly fabricated. He knew I detested everything about the way I’d been living, but … it had a hold on me, and I think he knew I wouldn't be able to reject the last four years of my life without a just cause,” Cas continues, and Dean shifts so he can drape his arm coax Cas a little closer. “And then it occured to me that my job
. Sam probably won’t go as far away as he physically can to spite Dean. He’s not… he’s not trying to
“What prompted you?” Cas asks, drawing circles in the sand. There’s a different question that Cas is asking that Dean can’t quite work out.
thing, but you’ve been looking at apartments,” Dean says, “And, you wanna live closer. Living here would be pretty close. Same problem, different solution.”
which apparently means that he gets his kids at home for the whole weekend, poker, whisky and his fucking beautiful husband smiling all soft and lovely, which are the definite goddamn upsides, but also pretty much means that he’s
and we’re apart for the longest we’ve ever been in our whole damn life, and his first act is to send this mugshot to every damn person I know.”
“No, I wouldn’t.” Cas returns, with that smile that always makes Dean feel like he’s won the damn lottery. He’s beautiful, really, with his blue eyes crinkled in amusement, hands curled around his coffee.
,” Cas says, but he still falls into a hug like there’s nothing else propping him up, or like he’s trying to soak up strength through osmosis, which makes it about as believable as the plotlines in Dr Sexy. “I am ---- giving up on my father’s books.”
Dean needs to
“Obviously,” Castiel says, “He’s
“Uh,” Dean says, forehead folding into a frown, because… he’s the exact opposite of taken.
“An exhausted, charming, strong, infuriatingly
“No, he apologised for that crappy review, and not
“Okay,” Castiel agrees, and Dean gets out another chopping board, and they cook.
On a whim, he pauses at the answering machine. On one of the shitty nights last week where he couldn’t stop thinking about waking up at sea, with the boat rolling beneath him, hungover and shaky, reaching for another damn drink, he’d stolen Sam’s laptop to apply for a bunch of other jobs, and he’d added Sam’s home number to it (Dean’s
“That’s not a sufficient answer,” Cas says, leaning further across the table, gaze electric, “
like I’m your partner most of the time, and, you know, I’m seriously cheaper than Marv and  - I think I’d rock at it.”
, I just - I can't deal with this right now. Just. Leave me alone.”
“You’re not,” Dean begins, looking back at the sketch; the curve of the Beach House roof that’s so familiar it churns up some bittersweet longing that doesn’t really have a place in his life anymore. “You’re not just saying yes ‘cause you don’t think you have a right to say no, right?” Dean says, “Cause if —- If you don’t want me to, cause you, uh, don’t wanna deal with whatever walking bag of baggage comes out the other end, then I wouldn’t do it. You… do know that, right? That you get an opinion.”
, but I…”
Dean huffs a laugh and smiles a little, which makes it worth it.
"Goddamnit, Cas, will you quit being insecure? I don't mean back out on
He figured it would definitely happen tonight. He’s
on the other end except silence and the barest hint of someone breathing. “Is this some kind of butt dial?”
(a terrible parameter to any decision making, but she is the only one of his friends that he can think into an emotional crisis; the others are all infuriatingly level-headed).
“Don’t freaking Han Solo me,”
“I - couple of months.”
“No,” Cas says, gaze fixed on the box. “I love you.”
“Hello Dean,” Fucking
“You —- are you staying tonight?” Dean asks, twisting the impala keys round his hands.
“I ——
of my motivations. I overthink things.”
“Your brother isn’t the only one who works hard.”
with our damn lives.”
about it,” Dean says, glancing at the next ticket and getting distracted by his phone pinging a message. “Zeke -- open that up.  I - okay, Cas, they look a little over boiled, so turn the oven down and put ‘em in five minutes after I said to, make sure the edges crisp up -
with guys (after a few drinks, an internal pep talk and usually a moment of almost crisis in the bathroom before pure hedonism wins out), so… Well. That’s fine. Barely even breaks his internal rules.
, but everything physically hurts a little less since Sam’s been reminding him about taking the pills for the arthritis and his antidepressants and… and he doesn’t
“Awh,
“You’re doing well.”
, at least, and then some city ordinance code meant the Soup Kitchen that Cas had been chopping vegetables for three times a week was at risk of closure, and somehow Cas ended up as legal counsel.  It wasn’t exactly Dean’s dream outcome for Cas to fall back into the lawyer role, but it seemed… good for him.
“It's like a potato hash tag!”
“Yes, you are,” Cas says, with his usual complete lack of irony. “She’s falling back to sleep.”
“Couldn't leave without saying goodbye.” Dean says, taking the other seat and handing out their food, glancing round Cas’ office.
“You knew that before you decided you wanted to live together.”
“Why did you ask him to move here?” Castiel asks, tilting his head to consider him. Sam is every bit as an intelligent and impressive as Dean has always reported and… his reservations are understandable. They are not unfounded, even if they feel… small and irrelevant compared to how
“Kill some time till I’m okay to drive and… I’m —- gonna check into a motel,” Dean says, “Can’t — I can’t deal with this Sam stuff yet. Need some headspace. I just —- get that he didn’t mean to hurt me. Got six voicemails to that effect but, uh, need some time before I can look at him.”
“I know, he told us.”
“As long as I’m not in charge, favourably.”
wanted and this… this is all just baggage. It shouldn’t matter. He doesn’t
and no future.” Dean spits out, looking down at his hands. The shaking has started again, only he knows this kind, so it’s all going to get
, but I don’t really do
“You look very pale,”
“It aint,” Dean counters, dragging his chair a little closer, “Today has not been my finest hour.”
“Parking is terrible round the campus,” Cas says, “We should walk.”
, because Charlie knows. Almost everyone has always known about how Dean feels about Cas, even if he’s never said a damn thing about it. He’s fucking
Sam picks a douchey hipster joint that serves craft beer and low-key makes Dean want to die, but it’s Sam goddamn treat so Dean’s just gonna take the douchy-beer that Sam passes him when he arrives and clinks their beer bottles together without insulting the joint (at least, until he’s been sat down for at least a whole minute).
“I know that,” Cas says, adjusting his grip on his coffee and looking at him with those sharp-ass-baby-blues. He’s equal parts cute, badass-stern and hot and he could
Dean’s reasoning. “Dean.”
“Okay firstly, that sentence is hilarious, second of all, we’re talking about Dean’s safety.”
. And, okay, it’s
“I —- Thanks.”
using it a long time ago, cause it felt like I was over it, which is hilarious.”
“Well, excuse me for being a considerate housemate,”
good, actually. Rich and the right level of salty. Hearty.
Dean was supposed to be watching him, and Sammy fell out of a tree, and he remembers John white faced with anger as the went to the hospital. The nurse, Kate, was nice to him. She bought him a goddamn hot chocolate.
about you.”
“Coffee?”
“I get it. I’ve been checked out of a lot of crap, but this, I was thinking it through. I was processing and all that junk, but I get why you’d think I wasn’t. You’re all good, Cas, I promise. We don’t have a problem here. Feel pretty damn
“Sam was in the far right single room, Dean is in the master, I was in the far left single room.”
“You survived, huh?”
“I'll take the rainbow,” Charlie says, “Viva la pride, bitches.”
there. He could spot Sam’s mop of hair, shoulders above the rest, and he’s not there. He’s not in arrivals. He didn’t come.
“Of course it was,” Castiel says, forehead creased. “She’s the
He did
line last night, but he does feel a lot less hollowed out and frustrated with himself then he usually does after they argue.
“Knock yourself out,” Lisa says, settling behind him with her hands on his shoulders for a brief moment, “Have a nice life, Dean Winchester.”
that I had other things on my mind.”
“I don’t
Dean ---- It could have happened to Dean (Castiel’s head is screaming
how any of this happened. His mouth has been running off of it’s own accord for goddamn ages and his
“I know,” Dean says, “It’s. I’m okay now, mostly.”
Some of the
“Yeah, I do,” Dean says, “Don’t worry about it, Sunshine. Not mad at you.  Okay —— Kevin, forget that a sec, just tell me if I’ve got enough burgers for these tickets, and if not tell Charlie she’s gotta call time on deliveries because —- okay, you got it — Cas, I’m back, should probably warn you that you’re on speaker.”
“With extra sugar syrup,” Gabriel says, with a slightly frosty smile of his own.
’ just after ten. Castiel took him up on his invitation to
“Ask him,” Dean says, petulant, even though there's the risk that he freaking would.
, Cas,” Dean says, heart hammering, “Cas you - I need you to support my decisions. Damnit, I need you. I need you to be
text from Cas. There’s no reference to the total breakdown he had last night, or to the fact that their messages have been scarce due to the necessity of secrecy.  Dean’s chest hums with something good and warm and easy. He texts back
“Money or sex? Cause I’m guessing money.”
“No,” Cas concedes, “But I’d consider that to be worth it if that’s what you wanted, but it isn’t, so we will work it out, Dean. At a sensible pace.”
“Sir! Sir? After all this time. You call me George.” He had seized a tan sleeved arm and was pumping it enthusiastically, patting the elbow with his spare hand. “Forgive me, I’m interrupting you and your friend, but I just wanted to see for myself. I will leave you in peace, but I had to be sure that it was really you, Castiel. I’ve never been so pleased to be wrong in all my life. You will come and have tea with me, while you’re here. Are you staying at the old house?”
'It is done, sirs,' the shooter shouted back. 'Do what you will.'
“It’s Bal’s birthday,” Castiel says. “I wouldn’t be here otherwise.”
Dean reached for his phone and shuffled through the papers on his desk, looking for Jo Harvelle’s note of the contact details. He dialed, using his cell, considering only briefly whether to block his own number on the dial out, but somehow it didn’t seem to matter if he gave Novak his number.
“I know you don’t like the feeling that I am paying for everything, but this place isn’t gonna cost me anything, Cas. My, er, friend is letting us have it in return for us doing it up. If we decide to stay, that is. We can fix it together, as equal partners. If we do, it’s ours for as long as we want. He says it’s weather-proof, but that’s about it. Basic utilities and a septic tank.”
'You seemed cosy when I returned from speaking with Jack,' he muttered, and Dean chuckled in response.
“Gabriel was convinced we should help him at home.  He was so angry with us all.  He told me he was only sticking around so that at least Castiel would have one good, loving influence in his life.  That hurt.  I love all my boys.  It was during Cas’ first term at prep school that I found the drugs in his room.  Gabe denied they were his and we had a huge row, and he left.”
“Wait what? Inland. How can he see my phone going inland?”
“Enough,” he admits quietly. “I’m so sorry, Dean.”
“Hell, no,”  Lomax said, vehemently, drawing a genuine smile from Henrikson.  “My four-year-old self would never forgive me if the first time I got to face off with a real bad guy and I was on the wrong side…”
Even through the thick perspex and the slight distortion of handsets he made her skin crawl. Behind him, the guard was watchful, stood at a respectful distance behind the closed bars of the cubicle in which Walker sat.
Crowley rolled his eyes, somewhat dramatically. “Minions,” he muttered under his breath and nodded. “Let me know when she gets here.”
Dean made a point of swallowing and put his fork down on the table.  “So, do you?”
The gentle teasing conversation between the two continues all the way back to the cabin. The outside lights flare up as they turn up the final sweep and Claire hops out of the back rolling her eyes at Dean’s offer to walk her inside. “I’m sixteen, not six,” she says, this time with a smile and laughter in her voice.
“Dean?” He can hear the surprise in her voice that he has answered.
But he felt the cool draft of fresh air as Dean wound down his window. “Good morning Officer.”
Crowley still did not look convinced. His self belief in his own ability to read people was too strong.
Dean lay in his bunk reading about the latest exploits of Baby Winchester.  Tracing the tiny figure on the photographs that Jess had taken of him squirming pink, podgy and beautiful in a puffy eco nappy (would Sam honestly allow anything else) on a large soft patchwork baby throw.  He stared at another image;  Sammy, the proud father, blowing raspberries on his infant son’s soft belly, his hands looking huge as he held him.  Jess’ neat signature and Sammy’s scrawl, were accompanied by a tiny blue hand-print.  “Saps,” Dean muttered, and folded the letter carefully, sliding it and the photos into the hidden sleeve he had made in his wall calendar, as the klaxon sounded to notify all prisoners it was time to make their way outside for the first of today’s exercise sessions.
The cover was an office building. What a classic.
Victor smiled at Mills as she spoke into the phone. She was one impressive lady. And he was beginning to appreciate that it wasn’t just him who would find it hard to say ‘no’ to just about any favour she asked.
“I don’t have your keys… I had to… use...mine.” A suspicion began to build in his mind.
He leant back and idly flicked the dusty Venetian blinds at the main office window apart, holding the slats open using thumb and forefinger, gazing across the car park towards the front entrance. A trench coated figure was tripping lightly down the stairs. Dean watched him make his way out onto the road, and he was about to go out of sight behind the high perimeter wall, when he paused, the unruly mop of dark hair clear even at this distance turning as he looked back at the building. The pale face turned towards this block, this window. Dean shrank back, heart pounding, the blind flicked back into position with a metallic twang and he cursed himself for being so impressionable. When he looked back, Castiel Novak was gone.
Maybe it was time for a little honestly. “I can’t concentrate Sammy, much as I’m enjoying your constant concern…” Hm, that earned him bitchface Mark VI, he was going to have to resort to emotional blackmail.
Sam mumbled his thanks, and the screen lurched again as she disappeared. Oh, Dean sighed, coffee… "I'm sorry Dude, I didn't mean to interrupt..."
“Mills!  You carrying?”
The day was nearly over for most of the team, his stomach growled as a result of skipped lunch.  Somehow he hadn’t wanted to eat, focusing instead on completing, recording and cataloguing paperwork and evidence.  Now, as the day drew to a close, he stared unseeing at the remaining, so far unsorted mess of papers on his desk.
Oh, shut up, Cas thought, threat, threat, threat. You’re getting tedious, big brother.
When Marcy Kunsberger returned from her mission to change her clothes and prepare for another lonely day she paused in the doorway, listening to the dark haired, blue eyed sweetheart crooning Beyond the Sea.  His voice was soft and low as he stood elbow deep in suds in her old crock sink, working his way through her dishes.
Crowley beat him to it, “Knife strikes? Repeated swings of the arm throwing it back in stripes along the wall?”
Adler shifted uncomfortably.  “There had to be another angle…”  he thought. Inspiration flooded his brain and adrenaline flooded his blood.   “Would it work?  Oh, my God, that was it.  So simple.  Would he have told him?  Surely that sort of thing doesn’t come up in casual conversation…”
“In a suit?  You cannot go back to work.  You heard what the doctor said.”
Dean groaned as he laughed.   “What time are Groves and Coleman coming in?”
“I may be hungry, but I don’t think my stomach will forgive me if I eat anything from that goddamned canteen,” Dean muttered.
He is not sure how long they have been there, when Dean finally clears his throat and shifts underneath him. His voice louder and more conversational, he says “So, Cas...”
Castiel had heard all Her arguments before:
The Prince shook his dark head, “No Brother Alastair, I...”
Angel was finally quiet. Seemingly content to go back to his own thoughts, because, Adler thought … he knows I can do nothing to him. Not without Raphael’s say so. He knows I am dangling on that bastard's strings. Well, it may be so, but that does not make me powerless… not at all.
Dean realised his brother was waiting, expecting to be dismissed, but hoping for an invitation. He sighed heavily, closing his eyes and ruffling a hand through his hair. “Yeah,” he mumbled. When he looked up Sam started to turn away, he wanted to stop him, to say something anything, but another sigh, more of a snort tangled the words in his throat. He sat up and dropped his feet to the floor to shuffle to the bathroom.
Roman licked his lips. This wasn’t just going to be a button pushing exercise, he could and would play this boy like a concert piano.
“Oh, and you believe him?”
Sam shook his head. “He stays low level, begs people not to make a big thing about it. He appears, does good or tries to at any rate and then vanishes again. If he is a fraudster, he’s exceptionally shit at it.”
.  He had loved his sons, and now Dean would never be able to tell him that he understood.  He understood it all.  He stared at the hand on his arm, her touch was warm, the skin soft and dry, like old parchment.  He cleared his throat, and pulled the cash drawer free, handing her the tray full of coins and notes. “This mechanism is corroded to hell.  And I think the spring is busted, but I can fix it.”
“Just promise me. You know I can help.  No bull shit about protecting me, or not bothering me...this little guy needs his Uncle, as much as I need my brother… I need you to promise me.”
Shaking himself Dean nodded, stood and finally finding his voice he held out his hand.  “Dean,”  he stated simply.
She took a step back, demurely, voice once again soft. “Alastair, why don’t you soften our guest up a little. I’m sure you need a little session to de-stress.”
They lapsed into silence for a while.  Dean began checking himself over, gingerly testing his jaw and temple, fingers coming away wet from a graze on his cheekbone.
She can’t choose between the pastel and bright socks, so dumps both on her pile. Can’t have too many socks, right! And begins to bundle back up in her existing cold-weather gear, it’s all clearly at least a year old, showing signs of wear and a little on the small side. He hands her a card with the store details on it.
“If I ever change my mind, will we be good again?”
Cas murmured slightly, the sound dragging him back from his thoughts. Dean automatically worried, but his eyelids were still and his face untroubled. Without real thought Dean leant forward and brushed an errant strand of hair away from Cas’ face, the back of his fingers stroked at the soft skin of his temple. Cas’ lips twitched slightly, and his breathing hitched into a sigh, but he simply burrowed deeper into the pillow and continued to sleep.
“Don’t be like that, CJ.,” Bart croons. “I’ve missed you, baby. And I know you’ve missed me, too.”
Henrikson gunned the throttle and the turbo kicked in, surging them forward.  “You better ring that number.”  He said pointedly.  “We can’t risk leaving Lusk PD guarding our witness.”
“The nurse has said you must be careful not to drink too much too quickly,”  Cas answered his unspoken question.  It was as unnerving as ever, but it certainly made it easier in his weakened condition.  He tried in vain to shift himself into a more upright position, only to find Cas gently assisting him.  Sam stepped forward and they each took him under the arm and lifted him up onto freshly plumped pillows.
“...better to kill Lafitte in his cell, we try to take two of them out of the building and things will get awkward. Off that guard too. We can always disappear this one. It will add to the confusion. We get Jared and get out of here before the morning shift arrives…we can be halfway out of the country before the dust settles...”
The man looked around, finally giving Dean a kind look and walking to the table where Sam was.
Cas chuckled, thinking of the motels he and Dean had used in their road trip across the country. “Your privilege is showing big brother… try ‘room.’ No way this place has ‘suites’. Makes sense though. Easier to keep an eye on the ‘hostage’ if you all stay together.”
“Hey,” Dean said softly. “Takes two to tango, buddy. And I hate to point this out, because it makes me feel like a total princess, but you did save my life today.” He checked his watch, was it really only 18 hours since he had been innocently surfing on the beach. “Correction: Yesterday.”
No, no medics. “Ngh.” Fuck that wasn’t an articulate response. Try again. “N, b’lance. S’fine.”
“I do not wish... “
“Missy!”  He allowed his chair to fall forward, again.  “Missy?  What the hell does this mean?”
The highway is a never ending strip of grey flat top through a baked landscape. He has lost track of how long he has been walking, body aching to stop, mind empty of anything but placing one dust covered foot in front of the other, because if he lets himself think, all he can see is broken, bloody remains and the black empty eyes of the creature hunching over a corpse in the clutter of their shattered home. Even after all this time, it hurts too much to let himself remember. Kind, gentle, loyal Balthasar, all soft touches and kind eyes, all his sharp tongued humour and mischievousness… No! Left, right, left, right, left...
“Are you ready?” he heard the call and looked up again, the man loomed above him, silhouetted against the lights of a car.  “I’ll start to pull you up.”
Yatin joins them, “That’s not Denzler’s work, you idiot, that’s vandalism. Pure spite.”
Many of the houses in Fielding Square had been converted to apartments, but number 18 stood on the North side of the square in a row of three or four which remained as houses.  The solid, symmetrical Georgian brown brick facade, loomed three stories above the street.  The plaster cornices framed huge sash windows and Dean could see the hint of heavy drapes behind the black reflection of the glass. Iron railings glinted in the weak sunshine which was fighting through the cloudy sky.
Raphael Angel stared at Adler.  He tapped his fingers impatiently on Winchester’s file on his desk.   Dean Winchester really should have been the gift that kept on giving, except...  Adler, who seemed to be fast proving to be a liability rather than an asset, had let his underling go off half-cocked and failed to take full advantage.
A former employee, who worked for the family at the time, told US Weekly later that Naomi Masters was “a true monster-in-law.”
OK so there's heavily implied past sexual and/or physical abuse here.  There is absolutely no description of abuse, no specifics or details. just garbled memories in a concussion induced confused dream.
Slowly Bass put his mug down. “I suppose I could stay, cover for you. I know you’re the on call, but heck… I don’t even like sports.”
“Looking good there, Jess. Beautiful as always.”
The firm set of her jaw and the tight line of her lips implied she probably wasn’t buying it.
“Dammit, idjuts,” Bobby grumbled, “you were supposed to be babysitting.”
And right now, he was extremely glad that Ash knew exactly where his phone was. Because today his knight in shining armour, the man who had rescued him just a few short hours ago had become the damsel in distress and Dean fully intended to go rescue him right back.
“You go on ahead.” She said to Alastair, her voice flat, her whole attention focused on Dean. Alastair glanced at her doubtfully. “I said GO!” Dean watched the door swing shut behind him.
Gabriel therefore barely batted an eye at their latest request.
“Right,” he began. “We all know where we are with the Nicholls’ case, but a quick refresher.  There are still a dozen or more pages of phone records to trawl through.  Our tech team will close out on those and I want you three,” he nodded to the detectives already seated at their computer screens,” to carry on the review of CCTV footage, we still have a gap in his timeline, between the end of his working day and the activity that lead to his death.”
“Your brother outsmarted the Nighthunter… the guy is renowned as a genius.”  It was the first time Gabe had spoken and his voice held a mixture of incredulity and respect.
“We walked down the street together to the corner, chatting like, ‘n’ then she goes, fanks again ‘n’ wen off frew the park.”
Castiel sips at his coffee in lieu of responding or pulling a face.
Dean listened to the gentle rustling of clothes and footsteps as the servants left. No doubt, as they always did, they walked backwards bowing low until they closed the door. Dean concentrated on keeping his breathing even and his body relaxed. He was too angry to risk interacting with the Prince. It wasn’t just a matter of self-preservation if he disgraced himself his whole family would suffer, no matter how justified his rage was, he would not risk their position within the town. The patronage of the palace provided his father with the means to keep them all and pay for his younger brother's studies, no matter how much Dean resented his father for selling him into this servitude he could not, would not, put Samuel's future at risk.
But Charlie was lost in her own unexpected bliss. She stared at the range of machines and the two multimedia walls and the interactive tables and felt something close to a shimmer of arousal. It was quite simply, the most well-equipped comms room she had ever seen. Lights set high in the ceiling behind a diffusing screen gave the impression of daylight and sample prints that Amy and Kasia were dumping in a scattered pile on a cutting table were as glossy and perfect as high-end photographic prints, colour from edge to edge. The array of paper finishes available for printing, which were stacked in well-stocked wire trays gave her goosebumps. She was suddenly aware she was gaping and shut her mouth with a snap, her cheeks pulling up into a ridiculous smile. Then a small hand slipped into her own and nothing else in the room could compare.
“I most certainly did not, Officer Bass,” Crowley snapped indignantly. “Do you have any idea how much paperwork I would have to complete if I shot one of my own officers?”
Finally, slowly, they pulled themselves together.  Moving around each other with the easy familiarity they had found from spending nearly every minute of the last six weeks together.
His radio crackled, the code called out was a potential altercation and they were one down with Bass sidelined on his paperwork. He flicked through the monitoring cameras and spotted the issue stra1ight away. Dammit! The Governor would chew him a new one if he sent Alastair into a delicate situation like this and it blew up. Not for the first time he wished they’d just fire the jerk.
“I’ve come to rescue you,” he protested, blinking under the onslaught.
“I’m gonna go pick up your gear from Mountain Supplies at closing time. Dean is an old friend of mine, so I offered to give him a lift back to his hotel. I thought maybe we could stop for hot chocolate somewhere in town?” He allows his inflexion to make it a question. When he gets no response he turns himself in his seat. Her bobble hat is discarded on the seat beside her, along with her mittens, even though the interior of the car is still frigid. Her hair has fallen forward over her face. “Or I guess I could just drop you off at home first if you prefer.”
So instead of circuit training, Dean sat peacefully, back against the bleached out planks of the equipment shed, letting the sun soak into his skin, fingertips flexing against the grainy faux leather cover of the book.  If he closed his eyes, he could imagine he was on one of his roadside stops.  A guilty pleasure on sunny days, to sit in the sunshine on the hood of his beloved Impala, reading a book, or just relaxing.  All in all, there were worse places to sit out his remand he was sure.
He leaned on it, arching his eyebrows and tilting his head in a flirtatious motion. His sixth sense was never wrong about this kinda thing.
He chuckled at the venomous look Cas gave him. “Careful there, Castiel, your true nature is showing.” He placed the gun onto the desk behind him and perched against it ankles and arms crossed. He sighed and with a final quick glance at Adler turned his attention to Cas. “I have to grudgingly admit, you are not the whining coward I mistook you for. My father would be so proud of you.”
His presence was imposing, his body language a deliberate power play.  Henrikson felt Agent Lomax shifting awkwardly next to him.  He turned his attention to Michael first, sensing his discomfort.  He seemed genuinely worried, concerned about his brother’s mental state.  He stuttered slightly over his words, explaining about his mother and the history of instability with Lucifer.  No-one would ever accuse the Angel’s of not bearing fairly unique names.
Cas gave him that reproving look again, and something twisted deep in his gut. If Cas didn’t stop doing that he was going to melt into a puddle, the man was adorable.  He let the strain in his eyes from keeping focused at such close proximity force his lids closed, his other senses taking over, the warmth radiating from Cas’ skin, his breath running across his face, the scent of soap and fresh air that Cas seemed to carry wherever he went. All Dean could hear was the two of them breathing and his own heartbeat.  Everything else seemed to have receded away.
I don’t mean places that serve cosmos and charge you ten bucks to hold your coat for the evening.”
He has little concept of time, but it seems to him that he has not been long on the floor, certainly his back is not aching as it normally does, and he still has some sensation in his feet.
He leans, spent, wobbly-kneed and a little breathless against the relative cool of the shower wall, the tiny mosaic tiles pressing square patterns into his shoulder, while his heart slows and he ceases to feel its echo in every pulsing blood vessel in his body. So he is completely relaxed, warm and sated when disaster strikes as disasters so often do without any kind of warning.
“He’s no relation.  You don’t need to worry on that score.  That’s why everyone calls him Alastair, just so we know who we’re talking about.  Even his name badge says, Officer Alastair. I think the Governor did it just to irritate him. Alastair hates it. That’s why he don’t wear the badge if he thinks he can get away with it.”
Cas quietly followed suit, stretching, he stepped out onto the dark roadside, feeling in his pocket for the little smart phone Dean had bought him, shaking it to activate the torch function.  He joined Dean to peer at the immaculate engine bay, utterly unaware of what he was looking at. He felt the creeping flare of admiration as strong hands checked over the various components, swift and skilled.  It reminded him of watching a veterinarian checking a thoroughbred.
" 'm OK, just needed a breather. I'm sorry to do this but..."
stayed home. It took me three years to regain his trust... And then you were born and still, he wouldn’t admit what was right before him. Oh, no, you were his little miracle. He really, truly couldn’t see it. A man of his age… having a child.”
“These are actually good,” she says moments later, through a mouthful.
He had not once taken his eyes from Dean as he spoke, watching for every twitch or reaction to what he was saying.
Spengler pursed his lips in consideration. “There’s a statement from another inmate.  A Frank Devereaux…”
Jess folded her arms in a way that let him know in no uncertain terms that Gabe’s assessment was entirely accurate and she wasn’t in the mood for his explanations.  “Don’t honey me, Sam Winchester. We discuss things and make joint decisions. You don’t make assumptions and order room service without asking me. That’s not being considerate, Sam, that’s being an ass.”
Cas slid the contents onto his lap.  He gave a little gasp of recognition and his fingers shook as he touched the faded grainy stickers on the bright yellow plastic.  A man in rainbow braces, grinned vacuously from under a mop of dark hair.  His arm around a slender dark haired woman.  The letters over their images, spelled out in big white bubble letters surrounded with outlining rainbow stripes. A kid’s lunchbox. His own name written in his childish block lettering in the cracked egg that replaced the o in Mork…
"Uh right, why don't you get everything out and I'll be uh right back," without waiting for a response Gabriel flew from the kitchen and Sam for a second time.
"Sorry Egg, if you want someone to whip up a few beetroot burgers I'm your guy," Henry made a very overdone grimace to that, Gabriel was very much in agreement.
"Right now everyone grab a bauble!" demanded Gabriel unlike the others Dean grabbed a hot chocolate.
"You all knew they'd be late," stated Cas.
"Dean, I'm kind of in the middle of something," urged Sam.
* * *
"Dean I wasn't displeased by the food, just surprised, happily surprised that you had gone to so much trouble, it's been a long while since anyone's done something like this for me and I fucking love sliders." Dean nods in understanding feeling good, Cas made him feel good and calm.
"God, you're precious." Dean glares at Charlie he doesn't want the kid scared off before he starts working for him. He kind of agrees with her though, the kid is
Pushing away the memory of his and Gabriel's late night come early morning chat, Dean engaged with his brother.
"Who was your favorite?
"Hear me out Dean, I was there okay at the barbeque, you were never far from Cas and when you were you kept glancing his way."
Winner, winner , Meat Feast pizza.
"Are you and Sam still on for tonight?" asked Cas passing the treats to his brother.
"Why aren't you in Ms Harvelle's class?"
"Alright, just finishing up, Henry turn the game off."
The gift tag read: So you never lose your place and help spread the word.
"Someone tried to get into Hive when it was closed, so he's helping them, I'm sure they'll need your Dad's help in a minute or two." Dean nodded at Sam to know he was correct.
"Sure thing kid, I was thinking burgers all round." the suggestion made Henry smile with glee, he loved it when his uncle ate junk food and Sam could handle a burger every now and then.
Cas looked at Dean then down at his jello before facing Dean again, "This was meant to be for you, only it was so good, we can get more," enthused Cas grabbing Dean arm over to a table covered in different color jello samples.
Taking a breath Dean throws caution to the wind along with his towel chucking it on his laundry hamper. Stepping into the underwear is the first step and its fine quickly telling himself he's okay and he isn't doing anything wrong.
"I don't know,"
"Cas, it smells amazing," Dean quickly looked behind him as if expecting his Mom to have reappeared by magic before continuing, "Don't repeat this but it smells better than my Mom's.
