John swallowed heavily, his eyes switched between Sherlock’s eyes and to his mouth before meeting Sherlock’s eyes again. “I’m a doctor, been in the army, Sherlock. I’ve seen naked men before,” he whispered.
Sherlock glared at him with a faint redness flushed over his cheekbones. Pale hands were already grabbing his large coat from its usual place. Stubbornness etched over his features, daring John to do or to say otherwise. A challenge bubbled in Sherlock’s eyes. It was dangerous to stand between Sherlock and something that he wanted. John dared to do it anyways.
A/N: Please leave feedback on your way out! Thank you.
“Don’t say another word unless you want me to punch you in the nose,” John stated with a wide grin.
“And the numbers were gone?”
“Change your clothes, you’ll be presentable enough.”
The last rope fell away just as Mrs. Hudson’s words echoed in the room. John stood up, stretching. Unfortunately, he was probably going to feel the wooden chair for days.
This will be his battle to win the war.
Sherlock pushed open the metal door leading into the first floor. John ducked as he went underneath his arm. “How is it that you remember men’s underwear but not the solar system?”
“Or she could be dead.”
“IS THAT ALL YOU DO? I’VE BEEN LOOKING FOR YOU FOR HOURS! AND-” John sank into his chair, feeling relieved that the worst hadn’t happened, angry because of Sherlock’s lack of consideration, and cold. “I thought-”
“You’re getting breakfast because we missed dinner.”
Sherlock answered breathlessly. “Yes. I believe so. I’ve never tested it myself. Sensitive follicles could be considered to be the prelude to foreplay in this case.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Live Nudes In Charcoal
“Who?”
“Are you going to see her?”
Inside Sherlock, was slick-- not as much as before, after the bath- but it was hot. He had fucked into the channel before. He had made-love to Sherlock, who he had thought to be untouchable. He slowly dipped his thumb in and out. Sherlock’s hips canted backwards, trying to take more in.
Water cascaded down in front of them, and Sherlock’s large hands roamed over John’s shoulders, over his chest, and further down the lines of his body. John shimmied forwards when Sherlock’s explorations led to his ticklish ribs. He spluttered from the downpour, and wiped the water from his eyes as Sherlock laughed.
John laughed harder. Tears formed at the corners of his eyes. “I thought you were leading us into danger…again!” John leaned against the wall again and threw an arm over his face, giggles still poured out from his lips. “Oh Christ…I thought we would have to listen to them shag.”
His lungs burned, thighs too, as they pursued the suspect up the stairwell. Their heavy breathing echoed off the plain concrete walls. His feet ached from the repeated solid impact of the concrete stairs. John used the safety rail to pull forward, giving him the increased momentum he needed to keep up with Sherlock. The baby’s helpless frightened cries blurred with Sherlock’s yelling from four steps ahead of him. John fixed on the figure dressed in black, not daring to take his eyes off of the person underneath the black mask in case they vanished. If John could bore a hole in the back of the individual’s head, he would, just get the mother’s tear-streaked face and haunting cries for her baby’s return out of his mind.
“No, go. I’ll explain to Sherlock where you went. And text you if he leaves.”
“You didn’t eat this morning.”
John flickered his eyes over to Sherlock’s side profile. The detective squinted at the screen, his face expressionless. Hopefully Sherlock was gathering something from this.
Here is chapter 3. Thank you for commenting/reading it. I have to say I love awkwards moments and I hope you guys love them too. Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
“Molly?”
“By him, you mean…”
“You do know me.”
“Oh. John,” Molly’s voice lost all vigor. John heard her sigh from the other side of the phone. “No, he didn’t say anything. I just went out to grab another cup of coffee, and he was gone.”
“Why slit his throat? Victim would have been dead in seconds. Pointless…unless.”
John drove in silence, wondering nervously about his plans with Moriarty, and how much time he had left. His mind wandered, worrying about Sherlock. He thought of how to go about staying alive, and what sort of weapons did he have in his goody bag. Most importantly, how long it would take him to get to the pool. For everyone’s sake, especially Sherlock’s, he didn’t want to find out what would happen if he didn’t get there on time.
And John would surrender his own to make sure of it.
“Maybe literally, if and when it comes to that. We haven’t had a decent chase in London’s Underground for a while.”
He furrowed his brow. Confusion passed though his mind. John remained silent, not knowing what to say except, “I always do.”
“Brilliant,” he murmured. His face tilted down and closed to the distance to the expecting lips below. John hummed deeply when his lips met Sherlock’s. The sound echoed in a deeper octave. Not from John. He felt light pressure on his hips when he kissed harder, massaging Sherlock’s in languid movements, as if Sherlock were a rare delicacy that needed to be slowly tasted in order to be fully appreciated. The comparison wasn’t too far from the truth.
“You’re going to hurt yourself--”
“Your wife’s murder.”
“And shut up while you’re at it. I know you hate it when I’m repeating myself, but what is this all about?” asked John, his eyes flitted back in forth, taking in green eyes, wondering where this conversation would lead to. “Does whatever you’re thinking have to do with Sebastian Moran? Jim Moriarty? Talk to me.”
The dry laughter that escaped John’s throat was sarcastic and disbelieving. What exactly was Mary expecting him decide on during a gun standoff? Whether or not to shoot Mary or let her walk away? Or be shot himself? It was all more than a little confusing. And something in the back of his mind told him that it would probably become more complicated as they continued to aim at each other.
John looked back at the bodies, looking around for any threats, analyzing the situation.  Could this be another one of Moriarty’s tricks? Another game?
John glared at Sherlock. The air in the cab was thick and suffocating. He wanted yell, scream at Sherlock that he better not think once about leaving him out of the fire again. He wanted to shake some sense into the detective. Silence lingered between them until the cab pulled up to the curb outside of Baker Street. John glanced up to the second story as he got out of the cab. His eyes fixed on the windows where they both call home, not knowing what he was going to do or say when they were alone. But something needed to be said, and now.
‘He was called in.’
Then John’s trouser went to his knees, pulled down by Sherlock’s hands. His pants…well…John hadn’t worn any... He didn’t have the time to do laundry. And the surprise on Sherlock’s face was worth neglecting laundry for the next decade or so.
There was lewd wet pop before a rough masculine voice spoke. “I think we should take this back upstairs.”
John closed his eyes, and destroyed the last wall.
Mary moved slightly, walking towards the lamp, and sighed. “I’m getting tired, John. Can’t we just sit? It’s been too long…”
“That was unexpected.” Sherlock stated flatly.
“I would like to see and touch the scar on your shoulder. May I?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“The suspect is most likely unarmed given that he fled up the stairwell instead of confronting us. The question is why he fled at all.”
And Moriarty sank to the bottom of the pool with a grin on his face. Almost challenging John to follow and complete his mission.
“What-”
“Well, at least put on his trousers so I don’t have to see your naked John Thomas flapping about. Although, Sherlock must be very pleased-”
He made haste, checking underneath the bed, and inside the wardrobe. Both were empty. John ventured downstairs, and Lestrade met him at the landing.
John shrugged. Now, he was out of his depth. He couldn’t see what Mycroft could see. He couldn’t see what Mycroft was implying. It was starting to piss him off. He glowered at Mycroft.
John glared at Sherlock for a few more seconds, and then sighed. “Fine. But turn around.”
“I have always wanted to know if you’ve always walked that way because your height…” started Sherlock, deft hands working on the button and zipper of John’s trousers. The pulling sound of the zipper teeth echoed in the kitchen.
“Drugs, John,” answered Sherlock. Joseph paused, staring at Sherlock with a look that John was far too familiar with. An expression of surprise at his brilliance. He partly wondered if his face -more often than not- looked as ridiculous.
John squeezed Mrs. Hudson’s hand, and whispered lowly over his shoulder without taking his eyes from the doorway, hoping that she could hear. “Wait here on my signal, and watch your back.”
“Piss off. I’m not telling you shite. I’m not going to help you save that bitch.”
As they’ve done from the very beginning.
Before either man could say much more, they watched Sherlock stalk away in thought, his hands fixed beneath his chin. John nodded at Greg before quickly jogging after Sherlock’s coattails to catch with his longer stride. He ducked under the yellow crime scene tape and caught up with Sherlock as soon as he stopped.
“That is me. Hi!”
A/N: This was one of my favorite chapters to write. Hope ya'll like it too. Thank you for all the kudos/bookmarks/and comments. I've been loving them! I also thank my beta whitehart who's been amazing!
“Oh. Undoubtedly, you’ve had that thing pointed at me for something and for sometime now, you should use it…come on…” Moriarty leaned forward and pushed his chest against the muzzle, “blow me away.”
John held up his hand, signaling for Mrs. Hudson to wait on that. But she didn’t make any immediate movement to go bring the mobile for Mary. John wasn’t feeling that kind either. “Actually, before we fetch that mobile…I have a few things to ask you.”
“Yes.”
“Oh my…I’m sorry…”
Lestrade shrugged. “I don’t know.”
“Her secretary. Stay here.”
He wiped drying ejaculate from Sherlock’s stomach, his face and did his best to clean away the lube from both of their skin. Maybe it would call for another, a more thorough shower since their first one did exactly what a shower didn’t. He tucked Sherlock into bed, pulling a thin sheet of cloth over him. Then John tossed the flannel into the hamper before flicking off the light and snuggled next to Sherlock under the sheet.
Sherlock grinned at him, pleased, a look hidden by John’s body from Mycroft.
Live Nudes In Charcoal
“How bad?”
He did look over his shoulder, missing the expression on Sherlock’s face altogether when the detective peeled away from him and out of bed. There was a startling bruise over Sherlock’s pulse, framing the purple tinge with the paleness. It was obvious what had happened. For Sherlock to think that Greg wouldn’t know, just showed how well and new to all of this he was.
His remark earned a light chuckle from Sherlock. He grabbed John’s hand, leading them dripping wet back into the bedroom. The air smelled of sex and a mixture of their cologne. Both men stood before the bed.
“They’re dead, but you just can’t be too sure about it, can you?”
“So there’s two of them? Two killers?” questioned Molly.
“I guess he wasn’t lying about that. Whoever he is, he must have known enough about her family life in order to make up a case”. John glanced at Greg, who was silently flicking through the papers, rereading the information, and then John returned his gaze to the computer screen where Sherlock had happily taken over control of the abandoned computer mouse.
“Yeah, they are,” agreed the detective inspector. He pointed a finger at Sherlock. -“If you ever repeat that in front of my superiors, I’ll deny it. I brought you copies of all the case files. The Pruit and Mollet case is still open.”
Chapter 27
He also wasn’t sure if Sherlock should be taking his clothes off without him. John should be undoing one button at a time, revealing all that pale skin, until Sherlock was as naked as he was. That was a progress no one should do alone.
The door clicked shut. John relaxed, relieved at the peace of just him and Sherlock alone. He switched from professional doctor to assessing all the damage as Sherlock’s ‘all-in’. A deep frown formed on his face as he took in the injuries.
Water pooled around his feet as John just stared at Sherlock in disbelief before rolling his eyes. He crossed the living room. John leaned over the couch, bracing against the leather with one hand, while diving with the other into Sherlock’s trouser pocket. He struggled against the couch to find the right angle to get Sherlock’s mobile phone.
“I’m not an idiot either,” countered Moran, with a little wave of his own gun. “The second time I have to say it, won’t be pleasant for you.”
“You got a point there. Look, just don’t run off like him, yeah? It’s different when both of you are here and we have back up with more officers like back at the row of flats. But for now, it’s just the two of us. I have another team en route but till then I need you to watch my back.”
The expression on Moriarty’s face morphed into disgust. “I think he’s had too much of ordinary,” the man’s eyes flickered up and down John’s frame, undoubtedly taking in Sherlock’s dressing gown, shirtless, and in tight trousers on John’s compact body. The insane man sneered. “I’ve seen it. Not tooo difficult to hack into security cameras, you know.”
“Take a look at the vic, but don’t touch anything. I’ve got to go outside and shut the street down.”
“Just like that,” John repeated softly. He fought against the temptation of smoothing his thumb over Sherlock’s lips just to see how they felt underneath his fingertips knowing twice how they had fit against his lips. John grinned; knowing that he could now closed the distance between them, properly this time. Instead, John added, “You ought to remember that I’m all in. What about you, Sherlock?”
While he was still trying to process what happened, the ropes loosened, and he pulled free. He rubbed his wrist once before giving Mrs. Hudson a hug. “You’re amazing, Mrs. Hudson.”
Sherlock’s death. John had returned to Ella. His therapist encouraged him to voice out words he never had said. He couldn’t say them to Ella. Storming out of her office in a wave of grief, he had stopped into a shop for something. He couldn’t remember what it was, and it wasn’t important at the time. He froze with a hand hovering over the magazines. Models on the cover each held something that had reminded John of Sherlock that day. He had purchased them. Under the cover of night and a glass of whiskey, he cried those unspoken words into the magazines, all while doting on Sherlock. That moment was never mentioned to anyone. Now, the man who inspired the purchase has the magazines, tucked away in the same man’s nightstand drawer. It seemed ironically fitting. But what the hell was Sherlock thinking?
He didn’t know how to feel. At the beginning of their search there was panic, worry for the baby, and the mother of his child. There was also this nagging at the back of his head though, a sense of relief that he didn’t have to be with someone who shot his best friend, even if it was for his own protection, or whatever reasoning Sherlock had used. He didn’t have to deal with Mary, who had a dark hidden past on a flash drive that he burned away in the fireplace. He didn’t have to lie when he said that he would accept her. He didn’t have to lie and keep Sherlock away because he didn’t trust his wife not to shoot his best friend again. His own lies had him feeling guilty that his marriage fell apart and that he desired to have Sherlock in his life. Regardless of promising Sherlock that his married life wouldn’t change their friendship, it had.
“That’s not one of your better ideas. Why wait when you can have it today?”
“That’s him,” Moran supplied, then he added. “It’s time. We have about thirty minutes to get there.”
Shout out to amazing beta again- englandwouldfalljohn
“Yeah, you’ve said that before.”
“I was impatience, I was meant to study you earlier. The sounds you make, how your breathing hitches, the pulses on your neck, the different flavours of your skin, your scent…” Sherlock’s hands continued to tease as John slipped lower in the water.His eyes flickered downwards, roaming over the same path as his hands. Then darkened eyes landed on John’s cock that had taken a rather large interest in the ministrations.
“I hope you’re happy, thank you for-”
“Obviously.”
“That was fucking stupid,” John countered darkly, words slipping from his mouth. “You endangered our daughter!”
A/N: Please leave a kudos/comment or bookmark if you wish.
He placed his key in the lock, climbed up the stairs, ready to eat the Indian food that he had been carrying since the car park. His appetite looked forward to it.  John was just ready to relax in the flat with Sherlock, kicking his feet up and watch a bit of trash television. He paused when he entered the flat, finding Greg hovering over papers on the floor, picking them up.
“There will be no need to cancel your date with Lestrade, Molly. This won’t take long if I’m provided with the correct cold chamber immediately; it’s still early and this case has been growing interesting. Although, I do recommend changing your shoes before tonight, it seems you have a spot of blood on them, most likely from your…second postmortem this morning judging by color. -” The detective peaked at the body on the large metal table. “-It’s been there for about two hours considering this is your third body today,” Sherlock stated. “I know Lestrade sees plenty of blood but -perhaps not third date appropriate, wouldn’t you say?”
A/N: Please comment/kudos and/or bookmark. Thank you!
“Go back to your club and annoy someone else.”
“Come on, John.”
When they finished with the police, they snuck out the employee back entrance; John was never so relieved to see a readily waiting cab in his life. He huffed out a bit of laughter to Sherlock’s curse as they hobbled over the pavement towards the black car.
“Sherlock-”
Tucking the notepad away into his trouser pocket, John offered his hand. “I hope you find your sister.”
John snorted. He turned, glancing over at Sherlock. “Um…back at the flat…you want to explain that?”
“I’ve been trying to get ahold of the both you for about an hour now. Are your mobiles around?”
Before John could a have moment to tease, the mobile trilled in his hand. “Someone’s ringing you again.”
“It would be a bit difficult to explain to the Yard why I have two broken arms at a crime scene,” countered Sherlock, the upturn of his lips now bloomed into a grin.
Silence followed behind Moriarty’s words. Holding up the gun to aim was making John’s shoulder strain, adding to the pain from the car crash, being tied in a wooden chair, and the activities that he had gotten into with Sherlock… that being the least he minded, and being on the list of more than willing to repeat. Damn shoulder and all. But this, standing before Moriarty with a gun, whatever this standstill was, it needed to end.
Then John quickly asked, “How is it?”
A/N: Thank you to everyone who has commented/kudos/bookmarked. Knowing that people are enjoying this story awesome. To warn, this is the chapter that has 'Mycroft is a bit not good' tag. I also borrowed a bit of Season 4 dialogue. Thank you to my beta Whitehart for cleaning up my messes.
“At the flat. Obviously.”
Live Nudes In Charcoal
“What did you talk about?”
The man nodded; seemingly relaxed by John’s coaxing and either ignoring Sherlock’s remark or missing it entirely. “My name is Joseph Mollet. I think my sister is missing, I haven’t heard from her in three days. It’s unlike her.”
“Now that you are being seen to, I will take my leave, unlike you, Sherlock, some people have real responsibilities. I’ll alert you both if the circumstances changes. I also want to mention that 221B is secure and currently under surveillance.”
“Until you couldn’t.”
“It’s a medium, they share an art course together. The paint, charcoal-”
The wall clock in Greg’s office clicked in the silence as John pondered on the image of the brunet, wondering what exactly he was supposed to be looking for. Trying to connect his subconscious mind to his forefront one. The brunet was standing next the bill-capped man. His black on black dress did nothing to spark a thought. John bit his lower lip as the man on the screen turned his head in flickering conversation between bill-cap and blond. Ah! John inhaled sharply, recognizing that look from days ago while he was in their flat. The uncertainty was absent from his face, making the face hardened with wear opposed to the young features, but it was the flash of something on that hardened face that triggered John’s memory.
John gave Lestrade a little salute, promised he would do his best not to get killed. Lots of people have tried, but here he was, still standing. John clicked on his light, shone it to the ground. “Lead on, Detective Inspector.”
“What the hell?” he groaned out, sitting up from the floor, and massaging the sore spot with his hand.
“Pretty sure you don’t need to study me, like-” John inhaled when Sherlock’s fingers twirled in hair around the base of his cock. “That”.
“Liar.”
“Remember Sherlock, no smiling at a crime scene.”
“Great times,” sighed Moriarty, almost as if he were reminiscing, maybe he was… John didn’t know. Then Moriarty nodded over to the people in the pool. “But no guns this time. They were entertainment for me while waiting for you and Sherlock but they didn’t even last twenty minutes. They’re the last piece of a message, and it’s required to solve the puzzle. Want to take a stab at what would be your prize?”
“Your bedroom doesn’t have cameras. Neither does our loo or Mrs. Hudson’s.”
“He always stalks off like that. Is it frustrating?”
The loo door closed with a click and the pipes banged and rattled. Sherlock had started the shower. John ventured into the quiet kitchen. He rummaged through the cabinets, starting on coffee before his headache could set in. Seconds later, the aroma drifted through the flat as it began to brew.
John frowned at Mycroft. His fist balled on the leather seats. He felt each stab. The words were as sharp as blades. Each sentence killed a bit of him. It made guilt ache in his bones. It was one thing to think that he had put Sherlock through hell with the wedding; it was another feeling altogether to have it confirmed. There was an ache in him that related nothing to the guilt, but to the fear, and the panic that he had almost completely lost Sherlock. He never knew that it was a mission to die. That handshake on the tarmac, for a last farewell, was so dismal. It could have been the last for the both of them if that plane hadn’t turned around. His throat tightened from the inner turmoil, but his voice was steady as he spoke.
John exhaled, making his whole being sag against the cab seat. His eyes fell into his lap, where his hands rubbed on his thighs. “I don’t know what to say…I’m not…”
John lowered his arm at the tone of Sherlock’s voice, the seriousness standing out from their laughter just seconds ago. “What is it?”
Sherlock’s voice carried from the living room, barely more than a whisper. “I’ve spent the last few hours thinking, and now I’m asking. I won’t…I don’t want…do what you want with it. But there will be days that I-”
John crossed the lab. He reached Sherlock, brushing a hand over the darkened curl on the Sherlock’s neck before resting on the man’s shoulder.
John shrugged. “I live with him. It’s hard not to start thinking like him. You need to lock the blocks of flats down.”
Hands cupped around back of his neck, teasing the fine ashy hairs at his nape, holding him frozen or perhaps it was the sudden shock feeling the assault of Sherlock’s mouth against his. With open eyes, John stared over Sherlock’s features, his cheekbones, his furrowed brow, and his closed eyes. John scrambled for balance when he was suddenly yanked to his tiptoes. His whole body tautly stretched to meet Sherlock’s height. His hands seized the counter top behind him. The cupid bow mouth pressed, licked, nibbled against John’s lips attempting to coax him into movement. The detective pulled away with a growl. Dilated green eyes opened and blazed down at him in annoyance.
“You should invest in an umbrella.”
“No,” Lestrade replied gruffly. Stress and frustration easily passed over the static. The detective inspector then added, “Mr. Hageman was strangled in his cell. He recorded a message. I’m forwarding it to both of you. Hold on a tic.”
“If you’re sending your brother cake, at least Mrs. Hudson should get flowers for the tidying.”
“So I’ve been told. You wanted to speak to me?”
He was here. Finally.
He opened his mouth to counter Mycroft, but his jaw snapped shut, completely taking in what Mycroft had said. Siblings: plural, not sibling. Not even plain Sherlock. John studied over the older Holmes. He may not be as smart as both Mycroft and Sherlock, but by normal standards, he wasn’t an idiot. He was pretty damn smart. Mycroft’s expression was flat, very much like the nickname of iceman. Nothing could penetrate the surface, or moreover below it, but that wasn’t true at all. Greg, and somehow, Molly seemed to have broke through the façade. Time to use that information to the advantage, just like Mycroft would. Or even, ‘The Woman’, but John wasn’t going to talk about her.
Sherlock’s eyebrows quirked up at him, long legs stretched out, toes brushed over his hands. Sherlock’s body was a mixture of temptation and silently asking- Problem? As if it was John’s fault that they have progressed forward. It was. But for good reason, perhaps?
“I need to go back to Baker Street.”
“So, your boyfriend then?”
“I’m not an idiot. I’m trying to save Sherlock, not let Moriarty kill him.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything for hours into the afternoon, leaving John in the flat, stir-crazy and grumpy from anxiety and the early morning wake-up. He was going mad from the need to say something.
“He didn’t tell me her location, but he wanted to use that information to blackmail me so I wouldn’t tell you everything else, and I would stay away from you.”
“Heard from Lestrade yet?”
He paused in the doorway, watching confusingly as Sherlock stood up from the floor and stripped his linens from his bed. Then the detective viciously whipped them across the room. The picture of the periodic table shifted precariously on the wall. John crossed Sherlock’s bedroom, righting the picture before it could fall. He turned to face the detective, who perched on his bed on all four limbs, hovering an inch away from the bare mattress.
“Someone could easily die in minutes without medical attention.”
Sherlock shrugged, “Too late now, Mrs. Hudson lost it in a card game last week. She has been showering us in extra biscuits because of it. Stay here and preferably out of sight.”
“There’s someone in there,” John whispered, motioning at the door, the muffled sounds of someone talking on the other side.
John briefly wondered about the existence of another person. He had taken care of Moran, who hopefully was now in Mycroft’s custody, but it didn’t mean there wasn’t another person lingering about, waiting for him in the shadows. Besides Moriarty, of course. Although, there weren’t any shadows in the corners of the walls. Bright overhead lights made sure of that. But still…
The only colour within the picturesque allure were Sherlock’s eyes. The swirl of blues, greens, and grey held magnetism. An intended look that John didn’t know Sherlock ever possessed, within that colour, was an invitation of fleshly need and want. All directed to John. How the hell was he supposed to say no now?
“What are we doing?”
“A distraction.”
John shook his head. “Mycroft didn’t offer details. Having another sibling would make you the middle child. It would explain a lot of your personality.”
Perhaps, the warmth and weight had a little to do with Sherlock pouncing onto John’s lap, with both long legs framing John’s thighs. It reminded John of a cat, even more so when Sherlock rumbled into the kiss as John’s hands traveled over the muscular thighs, up Sherlock’s chest, and finally landing in inky tamed curls. The scent of Sherlock’s hair product drifted in the air when John fingered through the strands. Sherlock broke the kiss with a groan, leaning his forehead on John’s shoulder.
“Mycroft.”
“I asked you first!”
John’s two fingers disappeared up to his second knuckle. John couldn’t help but to kiss the nearest bit of skin. He sucked a bruise inside Sherlock’s inner thigh, and lightly nibbled as Sherlock started to slowly fuck himself on John’s fingers.
John didn’t hesitate, anything to prevent Mrs. Hudson from finishing that sentence.
John frowned, thinking that he wouldn’t have liked the man even if they had met under better circumstances. There was something about him that seemed off.
“Where are you going?” John asked, choosing to ignore the accusation in his tone. He motioned at Sherlock’s wine glass. “You haven’t finished your drink.”
“Of course I’m bloody up for it, John!” snapped Sherlock with one hand furiously stroking over his cock and the other hand pulling at his hair. “Move!”
John stared at the plain ceiling, thankful that at least they weren’t nightmares. The last time he had dreamt about Sherlock, it was the time after his ‘The Fall’ from St. Bart’s. Nightmares that starred Sherlock filled his head up, haunting him until he stopped sleeping altogether. Seeing him everywhere was the main motivation of moving away from Baker Street for those two years.
He was too late. Everything was silent, except his blood drumming through his ears. The darkly dressed suspect disappeared into the inky night. Silence ticked by until John heard the finalized sickening crunch of something landing on the pavement below. Screams burst through the starry darkness. John peered over. His stomach turned; he pulled away from the edge and fell to his hands and knees. Bile rose out of his throat. He choked on words that burned within the stomach acid.
On Sherlock though, it seemed the hair on his head didn’t want to share with the rest of his body.
Moran laughed and coughed a bit. “Yeah, it’s probably safe to guess that much.”
“Oh Christ…”
“You truly are a romantic, John,” Sherlock huffed out with an accompanied eye roll, making John pull away and hover above Sherlock. Any and all traces of seduction disappeared. John grinned down at Sherlock’s annoyance, happy to welcome back the Sherlock who wasn’t trying to melt his clothing off with his gaze.
Chapter 13
“AJ.”
He turned to Sherlock, who studied Molly with a disgruntled expression that was usually reserved for his brother. John glanced over to Molly. She pulled the bloodied gloves from her hands and started threading her fingers through her brunette ponytail. John was a bit more confused than he wanted to admit. And proud of Molly for having an evening to herself after her engagement with ‘look-alike’ or Tim…or whatever his name was fell out. God, he was becoming Sherlock. Nevertheless, Molly deserved to find some happiness. John cleared his throat.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock Holmes or any other variations.
A harsh ring blared from his pocket. John jumped, “I should get going.”
He stood there- at the end of his bed, his hands, fixed on the bed frame, maintaining his ability to balance upright so he didn’t actually fall arse over tits from Sherlock’s very blunt proposition. John knew he was still gaping at Sherlock, knew that he should say something, anything in response to Sherlock’s demand of sex, right now, apparently. John couldn’t seem to get his brain and his mouth to synchronise. Shock- demolished brain functions made him put up a blank expression. No words were forming, the rare ones that did form couldn’t leave his lips, but his mouth continued to open and shut like an air-shocked fish out of water. A low exasperated sigh came out of Sherlock, and hands suddenly fixed on his belt. The doctor was not so shocked to the point of noticing that.
John nodded. “You could probably just ask Mycroft later, I heard that you have a date with Molly and him.”
“Oh? What’s that?”
“Sherlock!”
John’s eyes widened. Right then and there, he felt rather silly with his gun in hand. He gingerly clicked the safety on. The urge to laugh twisted in his stomach. He was in a ‘closed’ pub, listening to two blokes sucking each other off with his best friend next to him in the dark. The metal gun slid against his sweaty palm. John felt his face getting heated, as the sounds from the two men grew dirtier, filthier from the sucking, from the breathless panting, and the nameless man’s praising through his moans.
John shrugged and took a drink of wine. “She probably recognizes you from the newspapers or the blog, take your pick.”
Surprisingly, his gold wedding band was still by the tap. John picked it up between his forefinger and his thumb, conflicted over the span of emotions that churned through his head. He was married, is married to a wife that was missing. Sherlock kissed him. He was married. He cheated on his wife. Sherlock kissed him. He returned it with vigor. What the hell? What would happen if Mary were to suddenly reappear into his life?
“Yeah, I got that now but I could still live the way I wanted.”
“Going back to my question, why did AJ need rescuing?”
“Of course not, I’m an idiot compared to the two of you. But I’ve spent enough time around you to realise when you’re lying. He didn’t like being called out as a liar.”
“Yes, but your witticism seemed plausible for all purposes of this case. I will be able to deduce everyone in the classroom, and therefore find our suspect. The circumstances are irrelevant.”
He tucked his mobile away in his pocket. John didn’t quite know what to do with himself now. Standing in the kitchen, staring at Sherlock like he was a piece of art wasn’t an option. He quickly worked on his shirt, buttoning up to hide the white vest underneath. John did want something. He wanted to ask Sherlock. The question nagged through in the air, much like a large elephant in the room. John noticed something amiss when he watched the detective fiddle with the microscope knobs, looking into the scope.
A/N: Please comment/bookmark/kudos. It really does keep my spirits with this fic! Thanks!
“You never answered my question. Tell me what this is, Mr. Holmes.”
“When did you grab that?” he whispered in astonishment, grabbing the firearm and automatically checking the safety. Thankfully, it was still on and Sherlock hadn’t been roaming around with gun that could have potentially misfired.
His eyes flickered down to the scribble on his left hand, ignoring the acceleration in his heart rate from the biting undertones in Sherlock’s voice. John followed him down the stairs. Their footsteps clopped in the echoing cavern, Sherlock’s coattails, rustling as they went. “You knew he would. That’s why you made me take off my jumper.”
“Mycroft’s got me locked down at Baker Street like a prisoner in Belmarsh. Apparently his other best people were on their way to find you. What good is surveillance if you get yourself kidnapped right under the government’s rather large nose?” asked Sherlock. His voice had pulled away from the mobile, lowly bickering with another voice, John recoginsed it to be Mycroft’s.
John glanced across the road; looking at cars parked, with luckily zero witnesses around. He turned back to Moran. “You’re going into the boot of one of those cars. Either willingly or knocked out, understand?”
Leave it to Sherlock to change the topic, and to the hardest one to have. John swallowed heavily. “Sherlock…”
“I don’t know. Perhaps. Is it working?”
–“And John,” added Sherlock. “Take my card, it should be in the bedroom along with your jumper.”
Chapter 6
“You should offer benefits then,” countered John.
He wouldn’t send Harry a bottle of temptation just because he was irritated at her. Although, there was a difference about not getting along with your sibling verses your sibling invading your privacy. And John wasn’t Mycroft’s brother, thank god for that. The doctor in him knew there was a difference between being an alcoholic, or a drug user compared to liking a pastry a bit too much. But still, it wasn’t kind to set someone up for failure, no matter how much they are a prick.
“Isn’t that Joseph Mollet?”
“More, please. John.” It came out whining as John felt Sherlock shiver.
“I’ll keep that in mind. There’s one more topic that we talked about. When Sebastian Moran came into our flat as Joseph Mollet, he gave me his mobile numbers in case you changed your mind about taking the ‘fake’ case.”
John’s words were cut off, smothered by an impatient pair of lips massaging against his. He froze beneath the onslaught of sensations and feelings. Surprise. Pleasure. Relief. Perfection. Plates dropped from John’s hands, shattering into porcelain remains on the floor, sparkling in the cast of rainbow light through the window.
“What did he say in the car, Sherlock? He had his people on it?”
“You meant Rose.” He corrected John mockingly. “How much do you know about your wife?”
“There is a cafeteria on this floor just up ahead. You will grab something to eat while I think.”
That remark earned a small chuckle from Peter. “Well, there’s lots of those around here,” he motioned to the offices around them. “If you’re okay, I should be heading inside…”
“Did you say something back there, mate?”
That madness and anger that John felt was overwhelming. Mycroft dared to blackmail him despite the wrong he had done John, and implied that John would pose a bigger danger risk to Sherlock compared to the man that got him to jump! Mycroft was an idiot! Sod this! He wasn’t going to sit there and breath the same air while stare at Mycroft’s nose with an imaginative bull’s-eye the size of his fist on that smug face. If he were to sit in this car with Mycroft for another minute, his fist was going to meet that stupid, posh-looking face. He wasn’t going to make anyone a promise to stop himself.
“We thought the idea was you telling us a story,” interrupted John with a stern, get-to-it tone. He shifted when the man turned to him with a sneer. John arched his eyebrows. He ignored the attempted eye contact from the suspect, instead focused on what he was seeing at the suspect’s hairline and added, “not your opinion of disappointment on your hair implants.”
The conversation in the cab stopped as Sherlock poked at his phone. John exhaled and pinched the bridge of his nose, wondering if his nightmares were going to return tonight. He didn’t feel honorable. Shooting the suspect would have brought justice for the families. For the victim’s loved ones. To their significant others after so many years of building a future that they could never have again. John snuck a glance at Sherlock, wondering…he shook his head and repeated what he’d told himself earlier that evening. Attraction was fine. Flatmates, best friends were fine. Something else…a bit not good at all.
“It’s not here?” Greg repeated.
Mary scoffed and she glared. “Of course not. I have the better skill set.”
“He was-,” Lestrade confirmed. “Whoever killed him did it inside New Scotland Yard and recorded it. Just watch it.”
“Better?”
“I did.”
And darkness covered the twinkling lights.
Moran’s hand fixed around John’s wrist that tried yet failed to incapacitate him. Instead, it was Moran who grimaced from attack. John rolled away, and drew to his feet. Liking that there was space between them, and John was at his full height.
There was a snort and the huff of laughter. “It applies to the bloody both of you now. It’s hard enough to get everyone to cooperate with Sherlock. Well, tolerate him at least. Don’t need two of him.” Then Lestrade stood, and drained the rest of his cup. He waved to the door. “I should be getting back. I needed a break-”
“Yes, John?”
John rolled his eyes at the backhanded compliment. “What about“-
“I can see that you are going through withdrawals already. You’re not using drugs again, you hear me? I want whatever supplies you have left. This stops now,” John ordered.
“Do my hands remind you of a woman’s?”
Sherlock hummed next to him. “Substituting the harlot. Interesting.”
He could see the word ‘Liar’.
John could taste his heartbeat. Questions pulsed through his mind. Could it be Sherlock? When his mad flatmate would poke around in his things, he usually left the mirror alone. It was like Sherlock knew its purpose and never messed with it. Unlike him, who disturbed Sherlock’s sock index and the detective fell in a snit the first time. His glance switched between his nightstand where he tucked away his gun after his shower earlier this morning and his chest of drawers. It wasn’t large enough for someone other than himself to climb inside comfortably. Maybe he was being absentminded whilst getting dressed this morning. After waking up in Sherlock’s bed, their flirting, the kiss…it was enough for him to lose his mental capacity. Yeah, he must have closed it. Finally, Sherlock had found another way to drive him mental.
“You guess.”
“I’m perfectly fine. Stop mollycoddling.”
Sherlock grinned. “It means that we are getting close to whoever murdered Mrs. Hageman.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes. You’ve said that before. Now hold still.”
“I’m not always nice.”
Without giving Sherlock an opportunity to argue, John pushed Sherlock on the bed. And Sherlock went, ungracefully in a tangle of long limbs. The mattress creaked underneath from the impact of Sherlock’s back. And the detective in question, sat up on his elbows, eyes glaring at John.
Dusk from the sunset carried through the small window, blanketed his bedroom in shadow. His bedroom was spotless, army-regulation perfection. His bed made from the morning before, because…well…he hadn’t slept his bed last night. Not a wrinkle in the blankets, the singular pillow set symmetrically by the headboard. The hamper, closed, tucked away in the corner from when he threw his dirty clothes in this morning. His chest of drawers, closed. The mirror inside closed away from the door.
Live Nudes In Charcoal
“Sorry about that,” sighed John with traces of guilt. “You’re lucky I did. I could’ve killed you.”
“Sherlock doesn’t sleep too much on a case.”
Chapter 18
“I know. This isn’t the first time I’ve tagged along. I know the drill. I have no idea why I’m here though. I can’t help, police matters and all that.”
The tied man struggled while he sat and the gun - John was right- happily waved around Issac’s face, causing the man to scream against the tape. Moran sighed and smacked the gun against Issac’s face before he continued. “I know you’ve received text messages stipulating to find him in 48 hours or you’re dead, Sherlock. But there’s been a command to change the rules.”
“That’s suicide.”
John knew it, but he pressed forward in his argument. “Regardless-”
“Yeah,” John sighed. Feeling his anger shifting to something that he couldn’t understand. A life was still a life. His hands trembled. “But, the baby didn’t-”
Heavy footsteps rattled the wooden floors. The inspector sighed wearily when he entered the kitchen and sat down in a chair. Red bloodshot eyes stared up at coffee pot. John swiftly interchanged the coffee pot with a mug, filling the cup to the rim. Then he slipped thee pot back into position before handing over the mug.
A/N: Please leave comments/kudos/ and bookmark! They give me writing life!
Chapter 10
He had happened to like his own look with the moustache. It made him felt outside of himself then. But he was, in fact, moustache-less with the man he loved for years. And his trimmed hair was actually quite the opposite of his blond-to greying hair on his head and face. Till this day, his trimmed hair carried a bit of blonde-reddish undertones.
John let out a breathless giggle as he navigated underneath the covers, feeling his exhaustion. “No, no. Good. Definitely good, but considering we came in our own pants, maybe not ideal.”
“No, he was looking over the yellow residue samples from the victims’ hands when I walked in. He asked where you went when I gave him the coffee, we talked a bit…well I mostly talked and he sort of responded, and afterwards I went out for five minutes.”
Make up, domestic routine, the summons
Moran coughed, his face was purpling now. “It’s in the cab somewhere! I can find it, just don’t!”
“She could be inside dying!”
John paused between looking at her, and the golden tact across the black door. Then looking back to the woman again. John smiled meekly as the woman met his glance.
And he did, fixing Sherlock’s dressing gown over himself.
“Tell me you found more on the fingerprints than I did finding Issac Spoo.”
“What? No, nothing. Damn! The water is everywhere, the paper is smearing.”
Soldier, Plans, Hostage.
“Go.”
“You gave Mrs. Hudson the engagement ring?” John asked in disbelief.
“Got anything?”
“You need to eat.”
Live Nudes In Charcoal
John clicked off the gun safety as he slowly went through the open doorway. “Stay behind me, Mrs. Hudson.”
John shivered when prismatic eyes roamed over him.
John nodded. “Well, how about this? We will solve this case first and tackle Sebastian Moran next.”
“I’ll get you anything you want, Mrs. Hudson. A lifetime of herbal soothers.”
John walked down the sidewalk with an armful of grocery from the nearby store, knowing that their supplies in the flat were dwindling nightly. He weaved around the sea of people as he made his way back to 221B Baker Street, his residence for the last two months. Since Mary’s disappearance and the reappearance of Moriarty.
“Being concerned is Mycroft’s job. I know what Moriarty’s planning.”
Again, John had another moment of surprise and awe for Mrs. Hudson. “You cut the ropes with the engagement ring?”
Chapter 9
The kettle whistled, calling John back into the kitchen. He fetched two mugs, quickly fixed tea, and returned back into the living room. Sherlock was sitting up now, with John’s laptop in his lap. John sighed, but at least Sherlock was entertaining himself. Placing one cup nearest Sherlock, John took to his chair. He sipped on his tea as Sherlock spoke.
“After reviewing over the surveillance, it seems my little brother has been at 221 B Baker Street alone for several hours.”
John asked as he stood and lifted Sherlock along, before he backed towards Sherlock’s bed, facing Sherlock. As the back of his knees touched the edge, he laid down, head on Sherlock’s pillows and displayed all he had, cock standing proud and hard.
‘Married to his work’ and countless other reminders that Sherlock found human attachment idiotic - John knew that feeling like this was pointless. Sherlock’s body was nothing to him but means of transport for his rather large intellect. Everything else didn’t matter. Eating. Drinking. Feelings, knowing the way Sherlock cursed that word venomously. John exhaled slowly, recalling the brush of light fingertips, almost gentle, over the plethora of scars on his ruined shoulder this morning, and the sound of Sherlock’s voice when…they had almost…it had to mean something. Maybe.
A/N: Should I feel accomplished at getting to twenty chapters? Because I do. Thank you to all who have left kudos, bookmarked this fic, and left comments. You give me writing life. I hope you like this chapter, in the next other ones, it will be getting case-heavy again. A special thanks to my beta: Whitehart. Ta! Till next time.
Sherlock snorted, “Yes, and I suppose it’s not good for other delicate sensibilities out there, is it? Time of death?”
That thought startled him, his ring slipping from his fingertips before disappearing down the drain. In a split second, it was gone. The trinket, supposedly the symbol of his and Mary’s love, their promise of spending their lives together, vanished down the drain. John paused in shock. Crestfallen. Then delirious laughter slipped from his lips that morphed into dry coughing. He gripped the sink panting as fog drifted over the mirror. What the hell was he doing? John ran a hand through his hair and groaned.
With his free hand, John patted the mattress in invitation. “Come back to bed.”
“What’s going on?”
“I don’t know,” John answered, meeting Sherlock’s eyes.
“You didn’t answer my question.”
“Every two hours?”
“No.”
“No, I’m not,” he answered. Grey-green eyes had fixed on John for a moment, before turning back to Mycroft. “I’m simply not playing the game anymore.”
He stalked into the kitchen and found it empty. Stomping into the living room, John found Sherlock, eyes closed, lying on the couch, fingers to his temple.
What if…
“Can we go home now?” John groaned, suddenly feeling every muscle in his body aching, and a sharp pain tearing through his shoulder. He felt his knees buckling, but a pair of strong arms held around his torso, holding him upright.
The three men turned to look at a crying man, sitting on the back of an ambulance, covered in a shock blanket. No words needed to be said. They were wrong about finding the killer at the College. If they had taken a different lead, then maybe the victim would still be alive. Yet, the killer wasn’t caught, and had taken another life, as Sherlock had predicted at the other crime scene. A serial killer, trying to perfect killing. John felt a jolt of devastation as he watched the man cry into the arms of another officer. His bloodied hands pulled, using them as an anchor as he struggled to his feet before collapsing on the ground.
John nodded. “Didn’t want to say anything while you were in mid-deduction and focused on the case. Been so for a couple of hours, now.”
“File a missing person report at New Scotland Yard. This seems like a case that may appeal to their abilities. It might actually showcase some talent.”
“Attack,” Sherlock corrected.
“I didn’t notice, Sherlock.”
“He said boyfriend.”
Beads of sweat clung against Sherlock’s temple, bathing the curls into an untamed, longer state, brushing below his ears. The dewing sweat on Sherlock’s shone in the sunlight beaming through the window. Sherlock’s eyes were closed, red-puffed lips opened with a sigh. His head thrown back as he slowly rocked on John’s cock.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed at him. John noted that his eyes were steely-blue this time. Lestrade pressed forward, handing two pairs of gloves over to John. John wordlessly passed the other pair to Sherlock. John snapped the latex gloves on with ease.
He pushed open the car door with both hands. Then paused at the opening, pondering on his current stalemated impromptu plan. The cab going into the post hadn’t been a part of it. Now, John had various backup plans to quickly weight through. There was a risk leaving Moran in the cab, alone, with a gun somewhere among the crushed metal. It was also a risk, having Moran out in the open, either to run, or attack again. Neither was ideal.
“The place looked as unhappy as their marriage. What about you?”
Live Nudes In Charcoal
“But I do. For everything I’ve theorised about your penis. I didn’t count for the fact that you trim.”
“Breakfast first.”
She sucked in a surprised gasp; her hand flew to her mouth. A blush bloomed over her face. “Oh my god. So, he’s heard every time I’ve rambled about that purple shirt…”
The car began moving before John could fasten his seatbelt. When he heard the telltale click of the safety mechanism, John looked up, and met Mycroft’s studious eyes. John clicked his tongue. “You know, I thought we moved forward in our relationship with the texting. Doesn’t kidnapping me seem like a step backwards to you?”
A snort was quickly covered by a cough. Lestrade’s face was blushing from the pressure of a stifled laugh. The man slowly turned his head away from John and back to Sherlock. His body was still as a rock, and it was difficult to tell if he was breathing or not.
“I’m not an idiot, I am aware of what that phrase means,” stated Sherlock, waving his hand in the air, dismissing completely the idea that he wouldn’t know. The room, the space between them, bristled, flaring when their eyes met. John licked his lips and the detective added, “Would you like me to?”
John gave Sherlock a look that said ‘You are not going to do this again’ and said aloud, “No, you don’t.”
“Moriarty’s.” John stated aloud as he stepped back to avoid the door. “What happened to later tonight?”
Sherlock hummed, and John turned away from Lestrade, back towards the detective.
John snorted at Sherlock’s choice of words while he plugged the tub. Water from the shower started filling up the bathtub when Sherlock sat on the other end, away from the water spraying down from the shower.
Live Nudes In Charcoal
“I got a text, saying that Sherlock will be dead in 48 hours.”
“This is a waste of time, Rose,” stated the man from the wall. “Just make the trade and be done with him. It wouldn’t matter soon afterwards. You heard what he said.”
Crime Scene, New Developments, and Jack Ripper
John opened his mouth, preparing to ask for him again when warmth breath puffed over his cheek as Sherlock’s chin came to rest on his shoulder. John inhaled the faint scent of Sherlock’s cologne, shivered slightly at the brush of dark curls on his cheek.
A/N: Warning infant loss is in this chapter and I'm adding it to the tags. Season 4 really did a number on me. As I've mentioned before, this is my "therapy" for it. Thanks ya'll for the kudos/bookmarks/comments. Again- this chapter was beta-ed by englandwouldfalljohn(TheLadyAmalthea).
“Done. Her address and name.”
“No. Pull over.”
John turned away from Sherlock. Moving the attention from Sherlock’s scars, John teased moved to his friend. “What brings you here, Greg? A bit early for pints, isn’t it?”
His eyes widened when he checked his watch. “I should,” he motioned down the hallway. “I need to…”
Here's Chapter 2. I hope everyone likes the chapter. Chapter 3 will be up in a day or so when I have another chapter written. Another thank you to my beta- englandwouldfalljohn for cleaning up my writing and making it great.
John continued, ignoring Sherlock’s trying for the last word. “But seeing you in here, I changed my mind. You’re not sore, are you?”
His arm felt the usual recoil after a shot, feeling his heartbeat pounding in his throat. He jumped when something warm slid over his hip. Glancing down, John found a familiar pale hand, and he looked over his shoulder. Sherlock’s hair was a mess, and had red lines on his face. Sherlock’s mouth was moving, but all John could hear was the silent hum. He shook his head.
“Someone will have to raise Rosie. A child shouldn’t be without her mother.”
“Yes.”
Light touches trailed over his bare shoulder. Goosebumps broke over John’s skin.
The bedroom fell silent. John closed his eyes and hummed deeply, listening to the Sherlock’s breathing with his. He felt the beginning waves of tiredness washed over him. Sherlock’s voice floated through the fog. “Tired, John?”
John nodded, swallowing heavily now. He had liked her, even loved her at a point in time. Probably still a little bit now because of what she had done for him. She, in her own way, had helped him move on from Sherlock, and made him believe in something resembling like a future. . “Me too. I-”
“Mycroft’s people are tracking this mobile right now, John. Whatever idiotic scheme you’re planning, it can wait until you’re back at Baker Street, and we can think of a new plan.”
“More… what?”
“Right then, well there was no sign of struggle, or kidnapping at the flat, which makes sense because they weren’t killed there. The door was locked until the landlord checked in on them. So, out of leads there. What did you notice about forensics, Sherlock? I need something, anything.”
“I was taking a bath!”
“After,” answered Sherlock.
“Finally awake then?”
Sherlock ventured back to the door, seemingly bouncing on his tippy toes in excitement. “Now, you need to sign me out. Mycroft had me checked in with these ridiculous doctors for injuries.”
Shrugging, John replied. “It’s all you’ve ever said.”
Disclaimer: I don't own BBC Sherlock or any other variations.
He flicked a glance at Lestrade, who was leaning on the other wall, mimicking John’s body language. Even matching the frown on his face. Maybe they were both bad cop to Sherlock’s fake hospitality. He shouldn’t be surprised that Lestrade came to the same conclusion that John did. Sherlock’s a prick.
It wasn’t more than two hours later at the clinic when John’s phone buzzed again. Luckily, his last patient was waddling out the door. He inhaled sharply, staring at the text message on his phone. His hand shook lightly as he read over the message again and again. John muttered curses underneath his breath, swearing up and down that he would kill Sherlock Holmes if he found him.
“I could help you. I am a doctor.” John gave Sherlock a pants-dropping grin.
“Mycroft has warned me about a lot of things. ‘Don’t do this Sherlock’-”
“Again, you’re being dramatic, John. It would only be for a few hours. The perfect measured amount to hunt for the cameras in the flat to prevent further interference from him while ensuring country’s safety, of course.”
Chapter 26
“How disastrous,” the detective countered with a sigh.
“You were doing the honorable thing, John. You appealed to his humanity and yours. It was no fault of yours that the circumstances of this evening reached to that particular outcome.”
“Sherlock, what are you doing?”
Shaking his head, John retorted as he walked to his bedroom, “It will take you longer than that to get ready yourself, Sherlock.” A slamming door was the only answer.
John Watson. Take me.
The detective winked at him before letting the sheet fall, pooling on the floor. All of it did, except for the pathetic corner that was still balled in John’s hand. To say John was flabbergasted was an understatement, yet it was a minor detail. Then again, he was the one awkwardly perched on Sherlock’s bed, dazed, from the preverbal flirting.
“Contact dermatitis,” he answered. “The victim was highly allergic to the gloves and the killer grabbed him to stab him. Those are marks from the killer.”
“Lestrade, is there any other camera angles from across the street?  Is there any more CCTV footage that brother mine wooed you with? -” Sherlock waved his hand, dismissing the question, and almost slapping John in the nose in the process. “No, never mind. I know his face, why do I know his face? Oh.”
“I shot Greg? Is he hurt?”
John prodded at the body while the other two men talked. The neck wound was still dripping onto the couch and not in the stage of coagulation. “Sherlock…”
“How long ago?”
“My little brother has stepped off a building in trade for your life. He has stepped aside to watch you wed another for your happiness. He dove into flames to save your life. He ‘allegedly’ shot a man for your wife, your unborn child, for you. He was temporarily exiled because of those actions, going to a mission that he was guaranteed to would have ended in his death. Do you see a pattern yet, John?”
He would kill for Sherlock.
“Even the lead on Mary Watson’s whereabouts?”
Normalcy, spit-spat, and the game is on...
He shook his head, pausing on the last step. “No, it wasn’t about Molly,” John answered. “It was about Sherlock, actually. And Mycroft. Without sounding too cryptic…” he sighed, “what…”
“Are you two finished having a domestic? You have a client; he’s a rather nice young man. Sounds like he’s in some serious trouble.”
Sherlock’s voice and a quick-click of a computer mouse made John narrow his focus from pale skin to the screen before him. Three figures stood outside the row of flats, seemingly immersed in conversation. The panicked door attendant from last night was missing. Familiarity tingled at the back of John’s neck as he stared at the footage. Another click started the footage from the stopping point. Ten minutes went by on the tape, and the three men, John determined by body structure, separated. One man entered into the row of flats, which was interesting because he wasn’t on tape inside the lobby. John frowned and let out a low hum from the back of his throat. Sherlock inhaled lowly, glancing at John with one eyebrow raised, telling John that he noticed it as well. The other two men grabbed a cab, and drove off out of view.
“She’s-”
“Maybe he wants to brag about it?” he suggested after Sherlock told the cabbie the address to NSY. “We’ve had those criminal types before. Ever since the blog has been back up, we’ve had fans again, with your international reputation and all that.”
Lestrade’s heavy steps creaked over the wooden floor and down the stairs, leaving John in the kitchen with Sherlock. Out of the corner of his eye, John could see that studious gaze roaming over him. Teal eyes focused on his face. John sighed.
“So, you’re not opposed to it?”
John looked over, finding Sherlock’s face a sickly shade of grey, and very much matching how John felt himself. He felt cold creeping underneath his skin, even with all of his layers of winter clothing over him. John wondered if Sherlock felt that way as well. They needed additional security and to be safe. Hell, they just needed to get away, as far away, as quickly as possible from Moriarty and his twisted mind. Maybe a vacation in Switzerland would suffice.
John arched his eyebrows at Sherlock, whose frustration melted away into a smile. One that John knew meant victory or an idea that could eventually solve the case.
“He’s blackmailing you? What the hell for?”
Lestrade nodded, “Be sharp, whoever was here could still be here.”
“It’s a video file? Wasn’t he locked up?”
He could almost hear the grin in Sherlock’s voice. John couldn’t contain a small chuckle of his own. “Yeah, and they’ll probably recognize you from them. I can see it now, ‘Live Nudes of Famous Detective’ in the newspapers. Maybe they’ll make the best drawing of you a centerfold. It will be a media circus.”
John quickly tamed the room back into the perfection. The clothes were returned into the hamper. The mirror back, and angled at the door. John glanced around the room one more time before leaving it, descending down the stairs. He stepped to the open doorway going to enter the sitting room as Lestrade exited. John was only slightly surprised as he stepped back, letting Greg to come out into the small landing. He couldn’t pass on the perfect timing. Greg could pass the message and John didn’t owe Mycroft anything. This was a chance to get some answers that he so desperately wanted to ask without Sherlock around.
“You should’ve gone to prison then, serve your time for attempting to blow up the parliament. Then you wouldn’t be here.”
“I may have implied he was jealous of women, and he had secretly desired to cross-dress.”
The rest of John’s remark died his mouth when Sherlock grabbed the back of his neck with a large hand, and captured his lips. Sherlock’s lips coaxed his into moving. John groaned into the kiss when his hip was pulled, collapsing his body pressing their chests together. His body meeting against Sherlock’s. Pleasure built in his lower body when Sherlock’s hips rolled against him, hands pulled at hips. John deepened the kiss, hands dove into Sherlock’s hair for a better angle, determined to taste the man underneath him again.
“Sherlock…”John muttered lowly in warning, hoping to detour Sherlock from the question. With one word he hoped to convey ‘just walk out of the dim room and leave the arse to his fate.
The inspector glared at him. The consulting detective turned his head and smirked.
John’s hands reached back and held the side of Sherlock’s hips, pulling the detective closer in the water. “I could always go clean shaven.”
He moved Sherlock’s bandaged hands away gingerly, resisting the sudden urge to kiss the fingertips. It might have been too much romanticism for Sherlock. Instead he moved those hands to his torso, wordlessly gave Sherlock permission to touch again. John sighed when Sherlock’s hands hovered over John’s scar before brushing his fingertips over the scarred skin.
Sherlock’s moans drew John out of his own mind. He realised suddenly that Sherlock was sweating, and his face crinkled.
Appearances, BAMF, decisions
“Alright.”
The detective frowned at him like a scolded child. Seconds later, Sherlock’s mobile appeared in his hand. Lithe fingers flew over the buttons. “If you were ‘divorced’ I wouldn’t have to ask?”
The rest of his question never escaped his lips. John didn’t register Sherlock’s fist until it connected to his jaw and he was on the floor.
“That’s barely conductive at all with both logic and sentiment. My brother is slacking in his department.” Sherlock stated.
… and walked in.
“The pool.” Mary said with a sigh. John was about to ask what she meant when she continued. “Not that you knew it at the time but I was one of those red lights on you before. That’s his meeting point, tonight, after the pool is closed.”
“No, not at all” Molly replied with a smile. “It’s quite nice to get out the morgue and hold something that didn’t come out of a human body for once.”
John pointedly ignored her, opened the door and walked into the daylight. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, face tilted up facing the sky. He was grounded by the warmth of the sun. It felt like he was back in Afghanistan. His posture stiffened, his legs heavy as he marched down the road towards Moriarty. He was ready to fight.
“I was a soldier.”
There was movement in the corner of his eye, and John drew back, swinging his fist into the air automatically. The force radiated up his arm as John’s knuckles cracked into Moran’s nose.
Rubbing his hands together, John leaned back in his chair. His heart was jumping again. He could feel beads of sweat running down his spine, making him squirm. John pulled at his shirt collar. He licked his lips. Sherlock’s remark could have meant nothing. It was probably nothing. It was practically fine. But ever since the pub, John felt something under his skin. After finding out that everything was perfectly fine. More than fine, because hearing two men…being together…didn’t exactly bother him. Well, it was a different kind of bother. It was the same kind of bother when he wasn’t satisfied and hadn’t been for a long time. It was something that he should address soon, quickly in fact, if he wanted any of his sanity left. Every time he closed his eyes, he could see Sherlock’s eyes, roaming over him, fully dilated. He could recall the feel of Sherlock’s thigh under his hand. John rubbed a hand over his face. God, he needed think of something other than his best friend. He needed to change the topic.
“Mrs. Hudson.”
Live Nudes In Charcoal
He inhaled, seeing the suspect, hearing the baby, and seeing Mary and her gun. Waiting for Sherlock to fall again, this time by a bullet. John desired to have his gun in hand to steady himself. He was a soldier, damn it! He should be able to focus. It wasn’t her that they were chasing even if his head was screaming otherwise. It wasn’t his baby even if his heart yearned to hold it close. He needed something, a danger to focus on. He needed that gun moved off of Sherlock to focus or else his head would be useless. John walked until the suspect turned the gun on him. Relief flooded his system, knowing that Sherlock wasn’t a target at the moment. The aim was steady and determined, not on par with their usual suspects. Something nagged at the back of his head. Putting it off for the moment, he fixed Sherlock with a look and the detective replied with an arched eyebrow.
“You know what I mean!”
The suspect glanced at John and then Lestrade before returning his glance back to Sherlock. He shook his head. “I’m not saying a damn thing about her.”
“Maybe,” Moran stated flatly after a silence carried through the air. “But I really didn’t want to end up in prison. I was choosing between two evils.”
“Why?”
“That’s enough of the both of you,” ordered Lestrade. He pointed a finger at Sherlock. “You know how the Met works, Sherlock. We need to check every angle, including their background before we interrogate.”
“Where’s your card, Sherlock?” asked John, glancing around the room in all of the obvious and usual places. On the floor in the corner. Behind his bedroom door. Underneath the bed. “It’s not where you normally keep it.”
Sherlock scrambled off of John’s lap and crossed the small hospital room in a several long strides to the closet. John watched as Sherlock wrapped his dark blue scarf around his neck and pulled on his belstaff coat. “Oh, but I am.”
“I didn’t take you for botanist, John.”
“Time to have a little chat then? You wouldn’t have happened to bring some tea along with you?” John met Sherlock’s eyes, giving the detective a lopsided grin that was easily returned. John nodded towards the only entrance to the roof, “Ready when you are.”
The madman slowly relaxed, allowing John’s cock to slide in and out his entrance just with the tip. Every time Sherlock tried to go deeper, John could feel his cock squeezed tightly at the head. It took everything John had to hold himself back from an extraordinary release.
“You’re not allowed to interview the witness, you’re not with the Met.” Donovan turned to Lestrade. “It’s against regulations.”
Brown eyes blinked slowly, the man’s forgettable face looked up from his lap. “My sister.”
John jumped to his feet, wretched off Sherlock’s dressing down.
“I always do, Sherlock. Whether I want to or not.”
“I’m not on their errand.”
“An idiot,” Sherlock replied simply before taking a sip of wine. “Hopefully fingerprints will prove positive for leads, otherwise I should be called in tomorrow morning.”
John grinned. “Sounds like a superb doctor then.”
“Sherlock, if you want more, we need to move this to the bedroom.”
“Same as the other two,” confirmed John quietly as soon as he was in Greg’s earshot. He leaned close to Lestrade and added, “Gunshot wounds. I counted six for the female. Dead about two hours ago.”
John followed Sherlock into the corridor half- expecting to get caught escaping. But as they headed for the lifts, there wasn’t even a holler. They walked by two nurses, and a mum with a young child, who stared at Sherlock and tugged on his mum’s skirt for her attention. The boy did not get it. John spared the child a little wave, earning a frown from the boy instead.
Ten minutes in, pecking on the keyboard and it was beginning to look like John was utterly and completely wrong. Finding this bloke could be more difficult than he originally thought.
“What happened?”
“Yes,” John gritted out and pulled at his hands.
“You don’t know. You do guess Sherlock; so don’t give me that crap. Moriarty is dangerous, and should know he could be alive, although Mycroft seemed to think otherwise.”
“Do you care for a drink, John?”
He walked around Sherlock, and yanked the door open. He went to shut it to only discover that Lestrade and Sherlock were behind him, with Sherlock slamming it shut when they were out in the corridor. John could hear phones ringing, blending in with multiple voices inside the Met. He rubbed his hands on his thighs, drying his sweaty palms.
He looked over his shoulder, into the kitchen. On the wooden table was a miniature wooden chest about the size of the pencil box. John turned back to Sherlock. “What is it?”
“Sherlock, just sit here and relax. I’ll get Joseph out of here. Then I’ll make some tea.”
“I told you I heard the bell ring.”
“I picked the lock.”
“The pool water is poisoned with a chemical mixture of arsenic and cyanide,” Sherlock answered flatly. “He’ll be dead in minutes.”
“Cameras,” John whispered, nodding white fixtures in the corners of the room.
“She?”
“Simplify it.”
“The bell rings any time the wind blows on the door,” came a second male voice.
He turned his head, “What are you-”
He mouthed at the camera slowly; hoping that someone on the other side could decipher the message, ‘Keep them safe’. John was tempted to add more, a longer goodbye to Sherlock. But didn’t. His mind supplied him with the vision of Sherlock’s distressed and worried features, along with the tone. It could’ve been like Sherlock was here with him, easily calling him an idiot for what he was about to do.
“Mycroft, have you seen Sherlock?”
“Not this month. I’ll settle for shagging you over the couch.”
Mrs. Hudson gasped and murmured worriedly. “A trade-”
He admitted that much with a whisper.
Sherlock huffed. “I’m gay, John. So is- The Woman. Hardly a match made. The last text I received was a wedding invitation. Safe to conclude that you don’t have a rival for my affection from The Woman or anyone else.”
John chased after the taller man, catching up to Sherlock in the quiet corridor. “You don’t just get to stalk off like that. What did you mean by 'a day or two’?”
Oh! That answers his question from earlier.
He trailed after Sherlock at a run. He caught up just as Sherlock hailed a cab. “Sherlock!”
John rammed his bum on the railing by accident, startled when Sherlock jumped from the chair with grace. His large elegant hands spilled the mobile and the notes on the bed next to John. Then Sherlock’s hands palmed over either side of John’s face. Before John could question anything, the distance closed between them. Velvety lips ensnared his in a passionate capture. His eyes slid shut on their own accord.
“It’s just your jumper for now, I doubt that it will progress any further than that. The secretary has a history of attraction for older men, but not old enough to seem like their father. I have already been seen, which leaves you. I’m normally not adverse to your wardrobe but ridding you of it is necessary to further the case.”
Sherlock whipped around, a flicker of shock crossed over his face. Then his eyes narrowed. “Why did my brother text you?”
“You’re kidding right. In 48 hours?”
Stepping on the small landing, John felt like he was thrown into a new eerie world. An unsettling feeling lingered in the air, chilly and barren. It seemed like no one had lived on that floor for some time, leaving it lifeless. And if someone had lived in this house, it seemed to have sucked the happiness out of anyone that stepped foot in here. His torch bathed the second floor in white, pale stillness.
“It’s tedious!”
“Not if I take care of Moriarty first.”
“Yeah, I’m fine. What about Moriarty?”
New case developments, and  John's up and down 'not-emotions' everywhere.
“Yes. I am.” There was no point of lying to him. “Now, let me say this.”
Moran’s voice came from the dark screen, “If you’re as smart as he thinks you are, Sherlock Holmes, you’ve already realised he’s the killer of the Mollet case I presented to you. Now start at the beginning. We’ll be in touch.”
“Why not?”
Somber.
“Neither am I. ” Sherlock offered in a deep rumble. His fingers gently twirled the blond-grey hairs on the back of John’s neck. Sherlock gently pulled John closer and corrected himself. “Was I. Those years away from your company, brushing past death so often made me realise how much I’ve craved for you without recognizing it. I meant to return sooner…before... everything,” Sherlock finished lamely.
“John… don’t… we swore…” His voice cracked, and John’s heart throbbed in pain. It hurts, but he imagined losing Sherlock. He cannot lose Sherlock again, not until they’ve lived a long and happy life together. Until the end of their lives, if he had a choice, he swore to himself he will not let that happen.
John slammed the door closed behind him. His eyes found the floor the second he realized that Sherlock had forgotten the robe in the classroom and he stood in the middle of the office with only mobile in his hand, fingers running wild over the small buttons.
-Sherlock’s sudden announcement snapped John out of his vacation planning.
Live Nudes In Charcoal
“We aren’t going to ravage each other right now. There’s something I’ve wanted to do, and only had seconds to do so days ago.”
“What kind of trade?”
Not bothering to say goodbye, John ended the call. His fingers quickly flew over the buttons, texting out a message to Lestrade, in hopes that Sherlock would be at New Scotland Yard to assist in the case as he predicted last night. He clicked send.
“To stop.”
“I suppose giggling at a crime scene is frowned upon as well.”
Another crime scene! Which stirs up emotions for John. Sherlock figures something out.
“The Woman.” Sherlock answered then he added. “He manipulated her as well into playing the game. Threatened to turn her lover, Kate, into a pair of shoes if she hadn’t played along.”
“You’re blackmailing me?” asked John, incredulously.
Sherlock whirled around, taking John by surprise, his pale hands cupping over each shoulder. His blue eyes stared down at John. “The crime scene is nearby. The killer would have followed them from whatever pub they were at.”
“Good morning, you seem awfully cheerful,” smiled Molly, then the rest of the Sherlock’s words seemed to register as John offered a small nod. “Hands?” she repeated with a squeak.
“Not even for your daughter?”
Greg snorted at him. “He always manages to find trouble when he does. I need to head back now that I know neither of you are dead.”
Even with that thought of finishing Moriarty, John couldn’t help but to notice the sudden appearances of faces, staring at him from alleyways as he walked. Faces of the young, the old, men, women. At least five pairs of eyes stared at him, bluntly obvious. He wondered just for a moment if his appearance was truly that odd when it clicked in his head: Sherlock’s homeless network. The detective must have sent out word to the inhabitants of London’s underbelly to keep an eye out for him.
He shook his head when Sherlock focused sharply on him again. John flipped the eggs around. Teal eyes squinted at him. “You still believe me to be unaware of those then? Thoughts?” Sherlock asked. “Feelings?” He added with a slight grimace that made John snort.
“Yeah, let me know, alright?”
“No, you didn’t,” John countered automatically as he looked up with an eyebrow raised playfully. He paused. There was nothing smug on Sherlock’s face that matched the tone seconds ago. Instead, his face held obvious joy, love, and wonderment, as if he had been waiting as long as John had for this conversation.
“Observe them,” Sherlock corrected with a whisper. His dark curls drifted from his forehead as he leaned down, his face growing closer to John’s, his voice huskily. “You are fascinating, John Watson.”
Fight. Boot. Bag
“You said that to piss him off.”
“I...well…I don’t…”Molly signed again.
“Obviously.”
Before John could say anything, Sherlock asked, “How are Mary and dear Mrs. Hudson?”
“Most likely.”
“It’s called sucking off-” John corrected breathlessly and shuddered.
“Is that your sociopathic way of reassuring me?”
Avoiding the mess on the floor, John grabbed one plates from the cabinet and scooped the eggs onto a plate for the sulking detective. He placed it in front of Sherlock with a remorseful smile. “They’re probably cold now but just eat. It will give me time to shower.”
Disclaimer: I don't own BBC Sherlock, or any other variations of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's characters.
“He didn’t do it.”
A low growl echoed in the bedroom chiming in before John could remark. John arched his eyebrows. The sound didn’t come from him. The hands on John’s back immediately fell away. He grinned when Sherlock whispered to himself, and turned his head away from being caught out by his own body.
The nurse grimaced, her nose wrinkled with irritation, as if she had had some recent experience with Sherlock. John could bet a large sum of money, and win it, that she probably had. Sherlock being his usual self was good news then.
“We need more milk.”
“Thank you for the tea, Sherlock. Goodbye Dr. Watson. I’ll be in touch.”
“Who is handling it?” asked Sherlock.
“Of course.”
The radio in Lestrade’s hands squawked, tinny voices relaying the other car was ten minutes out. John’s gaze flickered from the radio, back up, to staring down at his friend. He nodded towards the townhouse.
The last episode with Moriarty ended up with Sherlock gone for years. John wasn’t going to let that happen again. They needed to go to Baker Street where John could keep an eye out on Sherlock. Sherlock wasn’t in the mood to argue either. The detective swept out of the lab as quickly as they arrived. John followed silently down the hallway, displeased with Sherlock’s long-legged pace, but matched it regardless. He wasn’t going to fall out of step with Sherlock this time. He will not let himself be left behind.
“But not soon enough for you.”
There was a snort that echoed through the pub. “I don’t know about you, but I rather get back to that.”
“I wasn’t asking you, Sherlock. I will tear this flat apart.”
“What did you talk about?” John repeated evenly. There was a squeak from the other side of the phone, followed by static.
John glanced at Sherlock, at the real man underneath the actor. There was a silent message between their shared look.
Sherlock huffed, as if the whole process was a bore.
“And who’s-”
The only sound he could hear was the steady beat of his heart.  John turned into the nearest doorway, casting light in the shadows, highlighting the corners. He found a room with storage boxes thrown haphazardly around. It seemed like they were either packing away their things or bringing them out of storage. John couldn’t tell, but he knew if Sherlock had been here, the detective would’ve known. Hell, he probably would have been able to deduce if someone was still in the house.
They moved.
“Shut up. I want you, just you, because of who you are. It matters to me. I don’t want to take you to bed because of some stupid cameras. I don’t want to be seduced by your looks like everyone else that wants you. I want to take you to bed because you’re Sherlock Holmes and I’m John Watson and we both deserve to have that at the right time. I’m not having sex with you today and that’s final.”
“I didn’t hear that,” mumbled Lestrade. He tossed a file at John, who caught it easily. Sherlock hovered over his shoulder as they flicked through it. Photographs. Sherlock cursed softly. “Blue.”
He hushed the protesting mouth with a kiss, and broke the kiss to say, “Let me take care of you, Sherlock.” Then John added. “Please.”
“Thank you Mrs. Hudson.” John cleared his throat and his mouth was parched. He must have been out for sometime. “How long we’ve been here?”
“John?” Mrs. Hudson remarked as she opened the door with a smile. “Aren’t you supposed to be with Sherlock on a case?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“But there’re two bodies,” argued Lestrade, joining them, and eyeing the victims. “How do you know that there was only supposed to be one?”
Swallowing the lump in throat, John stepped away. “I’ll go get dressed then.”
Eyes roaming over Sherlock’s body, meeting the bright prismatic eyes in the dark, John was most definitely lost. But only for a moment. Whatever spell Sherlock had cast on him vanished right there. John was left with the sight of the man posed on his bed was-beautiful, but that’s not all he was. John knew just how to explain himself now. He climbed onto the bed.
John whirled towards Sherlock, studying his profile. Sherlock’s eyes studied the boyfriend. The DI sighed and fixed Sherlock with a look. “How’d know?”
“Sorry,” John offered.
“Where’s the fun if I had told you?” A sly grin emerged on Moriarty’s face.
“Unexpected?”
John mumbled curses under his breath before grinning as he chased after his best friend down the crowded pavement. He stayed quiet as Sherlock lead them to the next pub. Looking straight ahead, John easily saw people tripping over themselves once their eyes landed on his taller companion. John wondered if Sherlock could see the effect that he had on both women and men. Then again, the man sees everything, he probably knew when someone was flirting with him or checking him out. John glanced over, catching Sherlock’s side profile hidden away by his coat collar. His face was passive as usual, all business as they walked through the streets.
Sherlock echoed his earlier words, “All you need to do is ask,” mimicking John’s words earlier, “But right now, I would like to-” the detective motioned to John’s collar as he worked at the small buttons.
John rolled his eyes as if the conversation in the empty street wasn’t attracting enough attention. The sooner they were off, the better. He knelt down looking underneath a small well-traveled red car and countered, “Or, you mean you haven’t killed him yet? That’s surprising… you didn’t hesitate with Hageman or Spoo.”
“Hello,” he greeted as he paused, shifting the groceries in his hand for his keys. He nodded his head towards the flat. “Mycroft up there with him?”
Mary shrugged again. “No, it took a combination of one drunken night, head cold medication, and you having a round of ‘ignore Sherlock’ for the umpteenth time. You wouldn’t touch me otherwise. We both know it.”
“Crime scene,” replied Greg. “And… a… uh… situation with it.”
“More like dinner.”
They turned around the corner, speeding down an empty road. “Are we taking the long route?” asked John. “Not that I’m complaining. I thought cabbies were supposed to be better than this.”
His line of sight slowly found Mrs. Hudson, sitting in a chair across from him. Her eyes closed, and her mouth was set in a thin line, as if she were in pain. John did recall the nasty hit that she took before he had blacked out. Hopefully her head was feeling better than his.
John scoffed, then laughed wryly. “Don’t you dare imply Sherlock would do the same as you. For all that he does, he’s never tried to send up anyone being handed over to that manic psychopath! He’d kill us, did you ever think that?”
If he could have, John would probably have died from heat stroke caused by his embarrassment, at being caught out by Sherlock. He could try to explain that it was only the particulars of bodily functions in the morning if he didn’t know already that it would be a waste of time. Instead, he looked down at the owner of those limbs, that voice, and the question. Pale opal eyes stared up, a dark eyebrow arched at him. John cleared his throat, trying to chase the morning roughness away. “How long have you been awake?”
