Dean fiddles with his fries.
If you're an angel why do you look like a tax accountant?
as the Roman’s say or something like that.
I don't- what happened?
(on the phone)
INT. MEN OF LETTERS - LIBRARY - NIGHT
(beat)
He didn't seem so happy to meet me.
ROWENA
He finishes and puts the guns back away. Turns the television off and makes sure the devil’s trap at the front door is covered by the mat, the lights are switched off and the doors are locked.
I think you know what I meant Dean.
“I’m worried about Jack too man, and I sure as hell don’t want to be here, but we’ve got a plan - get a plane outta Brisbane and get back to it.”
“Umm, yeah,” Sam started, “I think we should focus on getting home first though.”
“Ok… And the water system is still working?”
“Yeah but… I’m sorry are you seriously saying we should buy a fixer upper motel?”
Why don't we uh, maybe head out for some lunch?
Yeah.
I don't know...
Right.
I couldn't believe he wanted to waste all those smarts on college but...
It was mostly Dean.
Beat. Cas looks touched. Also concerned.
MINNIE, the pretty young waitress, makes her way over to their booth.
(sighs)
A body burns in its grave.
Cas's brow wrinkles in confusion.
He gripped Cas’s arm, “Do you think Jack moved Baby?!” he frantically whispered.
Not in person, I'm not here all the time and she's busy too.
We barely knew each other.
The bunker door clangs open and they both stand to attention as their parents walk in.
He breathes it out. It’s not a prayer. More a lamentation.
Minnie leans close as she puts Dean's burger down.
The list was short. Amara possibly? Chuck again? Had Jack somehow released The Empty? But why would he call any of them “a thing”? Unless he was purposely being obtuse? Man, it was hot.
Then he can send him back.
INT. BUNKER. NIGHT.
“Johnny said it was “A burger with The Lot.”’
“Are you texting Cas?”
“It’s sort of beautiful.” Eileen remarked.
Dean looks at the ground, words frozen in his mouth.
Well, hello Sam, Dean, what can I do for you?
He looks up over at Minnie.
Right. You live here with Sam and Dean?
Sam swallows, Dean has a point but there's something wrong with this.
According to the lady in the gift shop it was built as a memorial to this guy's dad.
Dean digs into his burger.
Maybe Dean’s still angry. It’s been three days and he’s barely talked to Cas. It’s better than it was before. He can eat now, he can sleep and every day doesn’t feel like a rusty nail being dug into his gut.
Did you sleep well?
Dean doesn’t know why his cheeks flush at that. He doesn’t know why he sat down so much closer to Cas. Or rather he does know but he’s not sure if it’s the moment yet.
Honestly, I don't think I do. I think- we've both been running around assuming things don't need to be said and...
No, no deals. We just...
Sam stands against the wall as he watches Dean start the Impala, the engine and radio roaring to life in the quiet motel parking lot probably waking up several residents.
“Do we need the frogs?”
Cas stands at the door. Dean has his head in his hands.
The fries are for Sam when he realises he's still hungry.
Anyway, how we holding up knowing Cas could see the love in his eyes? Me, I went to the farmer's market and bought local honey in Cas's honour because that is the life that he deserved.
Oh, well Jack found a guinea pig and we've been looking after it.
Mum, are you ok?
“How are you here?” Dean demands, anger bubbling to the surface over any relief.
He doesn’t say anything much when he brings them home. Cas doesn’t either but he wears the ring more often now. Dean does too, even when they’re not in public. Or even when it’s around Sam or Charlie or the rest of their family.
“Yes.” Cas nods, awkwardly. Great now they both look like weirdos.
Dean can't get it out.
“Wait so Jack didn’t become God?”
Dean cuts the engine and steps out, followed by John.
(beat)
side.” Sam attempted to joke as he tugged the keys from Dean’s grip and put them in the ignition in front of him.
Mary watches him with distrust.
Dean gave him a dead pan glare.
Sam awkwardly pats his brother's back as Dean steps back.
Dean was not successful. Tension is thick. It's fucking awkward.
Look Jack, Dad's difficult. But he's family, and you always stick by family.
“You’re always insisting I watch “classics” and “good films”. I think we should watch bad things too.”
Dean tries to slip into his Hallmark-movie cover story, “Well,” he starts with an expression that he hopes comes across as giddy and not manic, “we’re newlyweds. Just got married a couple of months ago, and we’re looking to buy a motel. You know a real fixer upper. And we saw the ad for the motel just outside town and it looked just like what we’ve both been dreaming of, don’t ya think hun?”
porn magazines.
Two hours later, Cas is tiredly making his last round of this shift when he spots a commotion down the hall- namely, Benny running into a patient room. Cas briskly walks down to see if he needs some assistance and realizes that it’s Dean’s room. Dean is making an odd squeaking noise and flailing slightly, his eyes wide and panicked.
I have some exciting things planned for this story, so bookmark it so you don't miss anything ! Thank you all for reading, as always.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What you said, about...about me liking guys.” He swallows. “God, he doesn’t...that’s not an issue? It’s not frowned upon, or whatever?”
“I should’ve given you a tour of the house.” He muses. Maybe that was rude of him not to, he thinks to himself.
I'm so sorry that I haven't updated sooner ! I updated this in a rush, I might re-update it later, but I wanted the bulk of it up now...sorry it's a little short ! I'm going to try and update bi-weekly from now on....anyway, enjoy the chapter. next one will probably feature more smut. :)
It’s not long before the two men ease into semi-awkward small talk as Dean works on popping the dent out. Dean learns that Castiel is working on opening up an organic store in town, and in turn shares that he is a contractor as his own job. Dean will admit that he is kind of enjoying the attention that Cas (the nickname slipped out, and Castiel assured him that he didn’t mind it) is paying to him as he sits on an overturned bucket near the side of the garage. The other man is watching Dean’s every move as if fascinated. It almost makes Dean want to take his time fixing the car, but that wouldn’t be quite fair.
He meets Sam down the street, and he hops on the pegs of his bike as they race toward a bridge at the edge of town.
“I don’t feel as bad, but I know I still have a long way to go.” Dean sighs. Cas doesn’t think he’ll ever get over how much he loves the sound of his voice.
Am I torturing you guys too much?! I'm sorry, I just love slow-burn far too much.
The first time that Cas spent the night at Dean’s was the first time they made love. They kissed for such a long time, until Cas was moaning and Dean was breathless, both of their arousal quite evident. Cas had lain on top of Dean, grinding into him slowly, Dean’s lips on his neck and their hearts beating in sync. Dean slipped his hand into Cas’ boxers and started working him slowly, until Cas returned the favor and suddenly he was jerking both of them torturously slow. Dean had stopped him “I want to have sex with you Cas.”
“Hello ?” He answers the phone out of curiosity.
Cas takes in Dean’s appearance. He has dark circles under his eyes, which are wide with panic. His skin looks pale and sweaty, and he looks like he wants to escape. He knows what’s going on, and that they have to wait it out. “Hey, I’m here.” He stays a safe distance away from him.
"I'm sorry. But you have to keep going, and eventually it will all be over." Cas tells him softly. He pulls Dean into a hug.
“ You’re welcome. I’ll give you two some privacy.” Cas says politely, striding toward the door. Sam stops him “Could you…maybe stay ?”
“Yeah.” Dean offers no other elaboration on the matter. “So how about we get to cooking these burgers?”
He opens the door to find Sheriff Mills. "Jodi! Come in." He smiles at her, but she does not return the gesture. "I'm afraid I have some bad news."
Dean realizes at the same time as he does, and his eyes immediately grow wide with panic as they fill with tears of shame. He starts to cry as he looks down at the spot of darkness on his pants as well as the grey sheets where he has obviously wet the bed.
It works, Cas feels the tiniest bit better that his boyfriend is being so generous about their situation. Sam is going to meet them at the hospital-what a fantastic first meeting for them. Dean holds his hand on the short ride to the local hospital. The paramedics have speculated appendicitis, and as they described the symptoms to him and questioned him about the day, Castiel is almost certain they’re right. He should have went to the doctor sooner instead of putting it off. They let him know that they will be rushing him into surgery as soon as they arrive at the hospital. He’s scared, he’s never had surgery before, but Dean reassures him and squeezes his hand.
No, I haven't forgotten about this story ! It's just very slow-going. While you all are waiting on updates for this one, feel free to check out my other fics... (: However, I am determined to finish this one at some point !
“Come in.” he says out loud. He figures that he already started yelling and screaming earlier, why not just cross the bridge and start speaking again ? Everything is already out the window anyway.
“Dean has been inside?” Sam looks between the two of them.
“What, I don’t seem gay enough for you or something?” Dean is automatically defensive.
Dean’s platoon goes far south, and he doesn’t see Cas again for two months. He’s beginning to think he imagined him, hallucinated a friend other than the men he fights beside. He spends his days having the same old conversations with Lafitte or Milligan, wishing that he had Cas’ witty perspective to entertain himself.
Castiel gives his consent and Dean finally unzips his jeans and strokes him underneath his boxers. He grips Cas in his hand, flicking his wrist ever so slightly as he moves up and down. The sounds the man underneath him is making are causing his own arousal to make itself very well-known.
Cas didn’t see the other car coming up behind him when he switched lanes, and it barrels into him. The ice makes Cas’ car spin out into the road, where yet another vehicle collides with his own. He’s eventually shoved to the side of the road, disoriented but conscious. He leans back in his seat and groans, flashing back to med school videos about how to triage car accident victims. He’s pretty sure he’s fine for the most part, although his wrist aches in such a way that worries him a little. He can wait it out until the ambulance gets there.
“Cas? What the hell are you doing here? And you!” He points at Sam behind them. “This is too dangerous!”
Dean and Cas become increasingly busy over the next few weeks, with their days filled with wedding plans and meetings with family members to tell them the news. Both of their parents are dead, but they have no shortage of family. Dean has his extended family and Cas has his four siblings to account for, not to mention his various aunts and uncles. The wedding is about to be a full house, and Dean couldn’t be more excited. He wants as many people as possible to see him marry the love of his life.
Dean walks to Cas’ good side and kisses him all over his face, pulling up a chair. “I was so worried….I’m still so worried.”
“I love you Cas.” Dean says, holding his hand on the car ride to the ice cream shop.
“Um, walking?” He tries. His mind is racing a mile a minute trying to process what he just saw.
Mary is waiting for him in the driveway when Cas pulls up. “I’m sorry to bother you, but I didn’t know who else to call.”
Dean whips around, “Get your hands off him.” His tone is venomous as he steps between the man and Cas. “Touch him again and it will be your worst nightmare.”
“Don’t say that.” The green-eyed man snaps. “It was their fault, not ours. I’m glad I was able to protect you. That’s all I care about. This is nothing.” He gestures at himself, half covered in bubbles. He sighs after a moment. “I’m all done.” Castiel curses himself, he can tell Dean is shutting down and pushing his emotions away. He holds the towel up and wraps it around the other man’s battered torso.
Castiel finds his way back downstairs, and meanders into the kitchen. “Mary, may I have a glass of water for Dean ?” He asks her politely.
Before he leaves, Castiel pulls John and Mary aside. “I think it might be best to start thinking about the idea of therapy for Dean. It has proven to be very beneficial in cases like this.”
Dean has a shy smile on his face. “So was your gift. I really love it too.” He gets up to put on the Metallica record, then lays back in the same position.
speak right now. She stands and walks a few steps forward, before vanishing as if she was never there. Cas finally stands and runs to Dean.
“I am Castiel, a misson worker. My group and I travel to less fortunate countries, many that soldiers like yourself have destroyed, and aid as much as we can. We brought the bottles from our own camp, figuring you guys could probably use some too.”
Dean smiles at him. “I still think you’re wrong about blue eyes.” They sit in silence for a few minutes, each of them processing the new information. When the coffee and tea is drained from their cups, they decide to take an evening walk rather than go straight home. It’s beautiful outside, early September still clinging to summer’s warmth. Leaves litter the sidewalks and streets, and Cas steps on all the crunchy ones like he’s ten years old. It soon turns into a game of he and Dean counting the amount they each step on.
Cas dresses in a blue button down with the sleeves rolled up and black slacks. Dean looks dashing in a suit, escorting Cas into the restaurant like a gentleman. He opesn the car and restaurant doors for him, pulls Cas’ chair out for him, the whole bit. They enjoy a fancy candlelit dinner of steak and lobster, sharing a bottle of champagne. Dean has pulled out all the stops for tonight. He keeps telling Cas how much he loves him, and Cas has never felt so special in his whole life. Dean looks at him like he's his entire world, like he's the most precious thing. Afterward, they go see a movie that Cas picked out - a new rom-com. They sit in the back of the theatre and make out like horny teenagers, then leave the movie early to do the same thing in Dean’s car. It’s perfect, it’s everything Cas ever wanted with Dean.
“Not funny.” Dean gripes, but he’s smiling. “No more hospital trips this time, eh? Sammy’s not /that/ bad.”
“Yes Dean, I couldn’t be better.”
“You don’t think he already doesn’t ?” Cas asks pointedly. “Keeping it bottled up isn’t going to fare well for him either.”
*trigger warning* This chapter contains descriptions of anxiety/ panic attacks
Cas just stares at the sky. He can’t believe that Dean did all this…it’s so romantic, it’s perfect. He turns to him and sees him down on one knee, with a ring in his hands. Cas kisses him deeply before he pulls back and touches their foreheads together.
Eventually, he starts to remember things- in his dreams, and in bits and pieces. It starts after he goes home, to his old apartment. It’s not that weird for him to be living with Cas, because he’s comfortable around him and he feels safe. After all this time he’s spent with him, it’s true. He dreams about fallen soldiers mostly, but also a recurring red star. It’s not a perfect star, not like one someone had painted, but more like…a splatter of something. And it’s worse because he can’t remember where he’s seen it before, just that he has. All the crimson in his dreams makes him wonder if he spent time in Hell, not overseas.
Sam wanted his brother back, but he also wanted his parents to pay attention to him too once in a while. He tried so hard to please them, but it never seemed enough because he wasn’t Dean.
“Like what?” “Soldier, seraph, saint, warrior, cherub….” Castiel trails off, indicating that the list is quite long.
Dean looks at him, quiet and apologetic. Apparently Cas hasn’t gotten the memo that he doesn’t speak.
“Novak, can I have some help ?” Benny asks him, trying to gently prevent Dean from injuring himself further.
“I can come back a different time, if you’d like.” Cas says softly.
Thank you all very much for taking the time to read. Your kudos, bookmarks, comments, and all of the support have made the story come to its eventual completion. This was a long process, but I knew I wanted to complete this piece even after it was abandoned for some-odd years. Check out my still-going pieces and be sure that there will be more to come in the future as well !
something I wanted to remember. I was pretty terrified a lot of the time. I…thought about…ending things, a couple of times.” Dean has never revealed that to anyone, and he’s not even sure why he’s revealing it now. “But don’t tell Cas that.”
They all sit up with him around the fire, hot cocoa mugs in hand.  The Winchesters watch tv until dawn breaks, light streaming weakly through the window. They all head back to their rooms, exhausted. Dean doesn’t sleep, he texts Cas instead- he should be up, since he should be working.
She turns around and gives him a brief smile. “How is he doing ?” She hands him the glass with shaky hands.
“I’ll take you out for dinner, we’ll get burgers and fries. Or whatever you want..” Cas tells him hopefully.
“We can go to my place.” Castiel suggests, interrupting the quarrel between the brothers.
He likes his nurse, Missouri, a lot. She speaks quietly and she’s gentle, and she doesn’t pressure him into speaking. He also likes the young doctor he saw briefly earlier, although he hasn’t interacted with him much. But he saw in his eyes intelligence and kindness, not the hunger to know and understand what has happened to him.
They cuddle together and whisper about the wedding, the picture of a perfect couple.
“I see them. Up there in our sky.” He blushes at how cheesy that sounded.
The Dean Winchester Charming Smile #2 is flashed at him. “Well Cas, you sure do know the way to my heart.” He follows him to the expansive kitchen. Cas stops short, wringing his hands.
“I’m sure he’s going to figure it out when you walk in bloody and beat to hell.”
Three hours and half a pack later, Dean is turning onto Castiel’s street. He’s becoming increasingly nervous- what if Cas doesn’t want to see him again ? Or what if he already has company, or he lives with his family and he hasn’t even mentioned Dean to them ? The only thing that gets him to the door is the thought that not seeing him again is much worse than his fears of what Cas will think.
Dean is rolled up in his blankets, but sitting up and watching tv.
Any and all thoughts dissipate when she sinks to her knees in front of him.
It sounds as if Dean has given up.
“No, I’m not.” Dean pulls back
“Is this Castiel Novak ?” The woman on the other end asks.
“Only seeing each other on the weekends, it doesn’t work Cas. I want…I want you to move in with me.” Dean said the words tentatively, afraid of rejection.
Dean decides he will knit him one.
“What he doesn’t know won’t hurt him. Friggin’ ghost got me good.” He smooths a hand down his front, grimacing at the sting.
Three days after the incident, Castiel finds himself pulling up to a small, but well-kept red brick house almost smack in the middle of town. The garage is set back behind the house a little, and looks as though it will house his large vehicle comfortably for the time being. Dean greets him with a warm smile and instructs him to pull the Continental right up into the garage. He wears a tight, faded black t-shirt with equally worn jeans. Castiel notices these things, because although not the most charismatic for picking up partners, he has always been attracted to men and is not oblivious to those who are particularly handsome. Dean wonders what Castiel is seeing as he drives slowly up his gravel driveway. His house isn’t much, but he sees to it that it is always upkept to the best of his ability- lawn always mowed, bushes always trimmed, and shingles always repaired after a particularly bad storm. Truthfully, he worked hard to buy this place on his own and is damn proud of it.
Sam finally can't take the silence anymore.
This isn't the first time I've kissed a boy, I have to admit. I try my best not to think about the first time. I was only a kid, high school age, it was during one of the few times I was actually attending school. Sammy was at a slumber party or some shit, and Dad was on a hunting trip and wasn't going to be home for a few days, so I had the motel room to myself.  There was this one kid that I really liked. It was, you know, just a crush; kids have those things. So I stupidly invited the kid over to our motel room and we just kind of made out right there in the room. My dad came back early from his hunting trip that day, and guess what he come home to see? His disappointment of a son making out with some boy. He yelled and yelled, I don't even remember what he said, but he kicked out the kid I was kissing. Hell, I don't even remember the kid's name. He was just some random kid at school I thought was hot, and I was a horny, questioning kid. Well, the kid got out of there as fast as he could, as any sane person would have. Then Dad started wailing on me. He smacked me across the face and kind of grabbed me by the arms. I'll never forget what he said to me, anger in his eyes like I'd never seen there before. He was so angry he was almost calm, and he said to me, "I didn't raise my son to be a fag." And with that, he grabbed a bottle of beer and left the room. I remember just sitting in silence, my heart just torn to shreds. Do you have any fucking idea how traumatizing it is for your own motherfucking father to hit you and call you a fag? Well I do, and it damn near killed me. I left the motel that day, and didn't come back for a week. I just kind of stumbled around, feeling sorry for myself. I spent most of that week hating my dad, but mostly hating myself. God, I hated myself so much. As much as anyone can imagine.
"So, are you gay?" I let out an exasperated sigh at his question.
Sam smirks at me then says, "Jerk."
"How long?"
"Unfortunately, I don't think you can imagine what it means for an angel to fall in love with a human, it's blasphemy."
Later that the night, Dad pulls me aside, taking me into Bobby's office. The look on his face frightens me. Stone cold, emotionless; one I'd seen many times before. He leans against the bookshelf and crosses his arms across his chest, and just looks disappointed. I straighten myself up out of habit and try my best to keep eye contact with him, knowing that his tongue-lashings are always worse when you don't look him in the eye.
We sat in quiet after that, listening to the radio, the music floating over us, making the silence almost bearable. The lyrics swell in the small space: 'be a simple kind of man, oh won't you do this for me, son, if you can...' This song always makes me sad. It reminds me of Dad, and I've already had enough of him today.
"Cass?"
I laugh bitterly at his words,
"Cass isn't going to leave, Dean, he's a good guy. I'm sure he'll understand."
"Um, Dean, we should go."
"I, uh... well, after you didn't come back last night, I went to all the abandoned buildings and warehouses and eventually found you and the Dijin. I was able to take down the Djin down fairly quickly, and then I just used the African Dream Root to wake you up, and here we are." I nod in approval.
It isn't until we're all sitting together that I notice someone is missing.
"I understand, Cass, you don't have to—" He cuts me off.
"Dean, I was just telling Charlie here how you got a promotion in your new job." Jody appears from nowhere, making me jump. Sweet Jody Mills, one of the few people I'm lucky enough to still have in my life.
This is the Djin! I've been stuck inside a Djin's artificial paradise world before, I know how these places work. But no matter how much I try to persuade myself to leave, I can't help but want to stay, just to figure out what the hell is going on. So far, this world is a lot more pleasing than the one I was in before, and to be honest with myself, I don't overly want to leave, at least not yet. I pull out my phone and research some of the cases Sam and I have done over the years, but nothing comes up. Not that we didn't solve the cases; the cases themselves don't exist. Apparently in this world, there is no such thing as monsters. Last time I was 'sucked' up by a Djin, Sam and I hated each other in the dream-world. I wonder if that's the case in this world. I decide to try and face it all again. I reach for the doorknob, but stop abruptly, noticing a picture of Sam, Dad, and I at a baseball game; a picture I know for certain isn't real. But it makes me smile anyway. Who knew a fake memory could give me such joy.
I wake with a start. I'm laying in a lay-Z-boy, Brad Paisley, of all things, playing in the distance. He's singing about penguins or some shit and the whole thing is just bizarre. But the place smells incredible, like the best food you could ever imagine. Bobby is standing over me, smiling that old wonderful smile of his, and I almost let out a sob. He looks exactly like he did last time I saw him whole.
"Dean, you have to tell him. I've see the way he looks at you." I start at those words. Maybe Cass does have feelings for me back. That would explain his lack of personal space around me. But I can't even imagine it. Who in the hell would fall in love with me? "At first, I though it was just an angel thing, but I think he likes you Dean." I shake my head
I'm wearing all the clothes I normally wear, but I have my old necklace on. Am I still a hunter?
"Are you okay, Dean? I know your dad can be..." I glare at him and he trails away. I don't like Cass talking about my father like that. I don't even like the idea of Cass knowing my father, or my troubles with him. I prefer to keep both worlds separate. Cass clears his throat and continues, "I know he doesn't approve of us." Us? the fuck is he even talking about? I hate being so clueless. It makes me feel so naive and stupid. What the hell is even happening? Cass walks towards me and grabs my hips and holds me the way Sam held Jess. I shove him off of me.
That's when it clicks. The sonuvabitch laced my goddamn drink. I've been fucking roofied. Shit. I get up, and the bartender tries to help me. I must look so damn fried. I kind of wave him off, but it looks more like I was swatting my nose or some shit and he continues to try and help. The ground swims beneath my feet, swooping from side to side, and the people... their faces seem to turn to me, changing and mutating. Blood starts leaking from their eyes, noses, ears, mouths, even from their goddamn pores.
I sit on the hood of Baby, praying to Cass. Sam's inside the bunker, sleeping or something. I decided a while ago that maybe I should tell him— that is, if I'm able to work up the balls to do it. "Cass... I-I nee— uh... want to talk to you about something—"
All of a sudden I can't go in. It isn't real, and just being there would make everything more painful. My dad, with his tired old eyes, is smiling. The same face, the same wonderful, horrible face. The face that, when it smiled, was the most wonderful thing in the world, but kept you up at night because of its scowl. I know if I go in I'll ruin the beautiful blissfulness of it all.
Cass leans on the bed. He's wearing the most ugly-ass Christmas sweater you ever saw, and jeans. I think this is the first time I've ever seen him out of his trench coat.  He looks nice; he seems to fit well in this make-believe world.
A turkey is being pulled out of the oven, making me realize something. Food, family members, and— there it is; the most beautiful Christmas tree you ever saw. This is Christmas. Sam and I never celebrated Christmas much, we both mutually decided it was too difficult. Even as kids there was never enough money for food or presents, and Dad was never around, so I normally spent the day trying to make something special for Sammy, because Sam deserved to have Christmas, dammit, he was just a kid. I spent most of our childhood trying to spare Sam from the crappiness of our lives. I did the best I could, whether that meant taking the hit when Dad was on a rampage, or sneaking away when Dad wasn't around to work and scrounge up the money to buy Sammy a fucking present for Christmas. I did a pretty good job, though. I got Sam to believe in good old Kris Kringle until he was 9, and I gotta say, that is one of my biggest accomplishments. Needless to say, I get a bit teary-eyed when we all sit down to eat. My family, together, alive, talking, eating. It's such a simple thing but... I don't know, it's just... they're all all so fucking happy, I can't stand it. I'm ashamed to say I kind of forget, in that moment, that it isn't real. It's just so fucking wonderful. I've gotten to the point in this dream-like adventure where I don't care if I ever go back home.
"Dean, we both already know I'm an abomination, what's another sin on the table?" And then he kisses me. It was a wonderful kiss, not clumsy or rough. He wraps his arms around me, pulling me closer to him. I push my fingers through his hair, making a fist in it— something I've wanted to do for a very long time. This is where we belong; together in each other's arms. We are finally home.
"Why would that bother me? Am I surprised? Sure, but dude; there's nothing wrong with it. Does it bother you?" Does it bother me? Kind of, but that's more my dad's constant degrading and verbal abuse speaking. Shit, why is this so hard for me to accept? I feel like my whole life of restraining and hiding it is trying to strangle me. But Sam's words keep echoing in my mind: 'Cass won't leave.'
"Ha, don't worry Sam. I still dig chicks."
There have been many situations in real life when Cass and I have risked our lives for each other, and I guess you have to love someone a lot to be willing to do that for another person, but... I don't know, I've been such a fool. I've forced myself to suppress these feelings for years, and now here he is, expecting something from me, so when he kisses me right there in the hallway, I let him. I don't really give anything back, I just stand there and let him kiss me. But that's the most I have to give at the moment, and this isn't even real. It's like masturbating, in a way; kissing your own imagination. It feels nice, but it isn't real.
"African Dream Root?" I ask, trying not to look back at Cass, pretending he isn't there. Sam nods, still with a perplexed look on his face.
"So, son." he says the 'son' as if it were acidic. It disappoints me to see that even without monsters my dad is just as bitter. "What is your next step? What do you plan on doing next?" I don't know what the hell he's talking about, obviously, so I kind of stare at him blankly, trying to think of anything intelligible to say. I'm not afraid of my dad, but I don't much appreciate being on the wrong side of his fist. I hate myself for this. I am a grown-ass man now, and this isn't even real. I am about to retort, but luckily Cass saves me, coming through the door.
"Dean," Cass yells running after me. His voice cracks when he says my name. "Dean." Why does he have to sound so sad when he says my name?  Why does he have to sound so fucking sad? "Dean wait." Cass grabs my arm, and I almost push it off, but I can't bring myself to do it. I can't look him in the eye, so I look at our feet instead.  He grabs my face and makes me look him in the eye. The intensity of his stare frightens me.
"It was an accident," I mumble, still not meeting his eyes. His hands are still on my face, and I hate myself for letting him keep them there.
"Who'd you think it was, you idgit? Your grandma?" I crane my head looking past him.
"Sorry," I mumble and walk away, back towards the bunker, defeated. I don't know what the fuck I expected to happen. That he'd magically fall in love with me?
"Sorry, I didn't mean... I just..."
I pull away once I come to my senses. Cass just sits there, a shocked look on his face, his whole body kind of tensed up.
The door flies open, giving way to Cass and the cold. Snowflakes swirl around him, sticking to his hair and eyelashes. His scarf blows into his face— of course he's wearing a scarf. He comes barging in through the door, triumphantly holding the fruitcake over his head. Everyone kind of mockingly cheers for him. When he walks by me to sit in his chair, which was across from me, he kind of rests his hand lightly on the back of my neck. It's so subtle and quick I don't have time to react, but it was strange. Maybe it's an angel thing? Is he even an angel in this world? I decide to let it pass. It was probably just him being his weird self. When he gets to his seat, he begins telling us his 'tale of woe'.
Now that I have him here, I'm not sure what to say. What do you say to someone you're tragically in love with? For a while, we don't say anything. He stares up at the stars and I stare at him. I know his face so well. The crinkles on his cheeks when he smiles, the curve of his lips, the brilliance of his eyes. I've spent more time then I care to admit just staring at him, taking him in. He really is beautiful, in an unconventional way; everything about him is just so fucking wonderful. Jesus, I'm in love with him. I'm hyper aware of him. Of his breathing. Of his whole presence; the way his pants are tight on his thighs; even his tie blowing in the breeze sets me on edge. I want to kiss him for real, not a fake genie version of him. So I do. When he turns to say something, I kiss him, hard. It's kind of a gruff kiss; I kind of just shoved my face into his.
"Cass, I love you,"
"I don't know what the hell you're talking about," I reply gruffly, turning up the music to block him out.
That pushes me over the edge and I have to do everything I can to not cry. Fuck, since when do I cry? I'm supposed to be made of fucking nails, damn it. Sam, noticing my pained, look starts to speak, but that's when the little girl jumps at me, throwing me into a bear hug.
"An accident? Dean," he practically growls this, and if he wasn't cradling my face I think he would hit me, "Do you have any idea how much I have sacrificed for you, Dean? Do you have any damned idea how much I've given up for you? My brothers and sisters hate me and wish me dead, I'm no longer welcome at home, I've lost my grace, and you dare say that was an accident? Did you ever think that maybe, just maybe, I'm in love with you Dean? And that in itself can get me killed? It is blasphemy for an angel to love a human, so when you kiss me, don't you dare say it was an accident. Don't you dare." I've never seen him this angry. He drops his hands from my face and turns away from me. I am speechless. I just stand there staring at him, having no idea how to comprehend this. He loved me?
"Hey John, do you mind if I borrow Dean for a minute..." Cass's voice trails off when he sees the look on my father's face. John kind of gestures for Cass to take me away, like he's done with me. He was always done with me. But the fucked up thing is I don't even know what he was talking about in the first place. John picks up a bottle and takes a swig. Jesus, I didn't even notice he'd been drinking.
P.S.- I'm sorry for spelling Casteil's name like Cass instead of Cas, but I couldn't resist.
"I know," and he kisses me again.
Sam seems caught off guard by the question; he's still looking at me with an incredulous expression on his face.
"So, what's your name little princess?" I ask her, trying to find a discreet way to figure out her name.
"What the Hell, Cass?"
"Where's Cass?" I guess it could be possible that Cass doesn't exist in this imaginary world of mine, but it's just... when you've been through as much shit together as Cass and I have, you kind of expect him to be in your imaginary paradise family. I mean the dude's risked his life for me multiple times. He's family now.
“It’s not that he doesn’t want to, he’s just busy.” Sam explains to him. “On a job, or at The Roadhouse, or...whatever it is that Dean does.” He shakes his head fondly. The dark-haired boy nods absently, pretending to be aloof at Dean’s frequent absences.
“Cas.” Dean murmurs his name, trying to get his attention. “I…nevermind.” A faint blush covers his cheeks.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ask me whatever you need to.” Cas says, his heart racing.
“Well…my boyfriend kind of forced me into this, so I don’t really know why I’m here.” Dean says tentatively.
“You didn’t think it was too dangerous for you. Alone.” Sam counters.
Cas has seen Dean irritated, a little mad, but never….downright in a fit of rage like this. The man gets into his boyfriend’s face. “I didn’t touch him. I’m not a faggot.” Dean’s fist flies up so fast that Cas almost doesn’t see it, until it connects with the man’s face with an audible crunch.
“I enlisted again.”
When they leave a few hours later, Cas throws a tip on the table despite Sam reassuring him that their sodas were on the house. He’s oblivious to Dean’s eyes tracking him from the kitchen at the action.
Dean is discharged the next day in early afternoon. He has two broken ribs, a myriad of cuts and bruises littering his face and body, and one of his eyes is still in pretty bad shape but the swelling has reduced marginally. Mary, Bobby, Ellen and Jo, and Sam and Jess are all there with Castiel to help get Dean home safely and to make him comfortable. Cas will be staying at Dean’s with him while he heals, and Sam offered to alternate shifts of who will stay there to help him around the house. Gabriel is staying at Cas’ still to watch the place.
Castiel can practically see the self-loathing behind Dean’s bright eyes. He cautiously slips a hand over top of his where it rests on the patio table. “Dean, I enjoy my work. It is a privilege to know you and be your friend.”
Across town, Cas is doing the same thing unbeknownst to either of them. He is being twirled around by Gabriel, his barely-older-but-it-still-counts brother. While they are close in age, only two years apart, they are total opposites by both looks and personality. “Dean-o will love you no matter what.” Gabriel tells him. “And if he doesn’t I’ll kick his ass.” He ignores Cas’ answering glare and straightens out his white button down. “Go get ‘em Tiger.” His brother’s grin does nothing to calm his nerves. He almost runs out the back door when he hears the now-familiar rumble of Dean’s beautiful car pull up right on time. Gabe shoves him toward the front door and reassures him once again.
Slow-going, but another chapter is here !
Dean lets out a low whistle when they pull up to Cas’ place. “Can’t imagine why you’d be walking in the woods to escape a place like this.” He cranes his head to look out the window at the ornate architecture.
Sorry that this is a little shorter than the others ! Thank you to the people who have been commenting so far...let me know what you guys think about this chapter ? I hope it's not too cheesy.
@smellslikedeanspirit
The cold has done the job Dean wanted it to- make him numb. The fresh air clears his mind just a little, and at least he’s a little more level-headed. He decides to start heading back, and turns around to do so. The toe of his boot catches on a branch sticking up out of the ice, and he falls hard on his knees. The force of impact breaks the ice, and freezing cold water rushes up to meet Dean’s legs. He swears internally and gets up the embankment, to start running. As he does, he steps into something squishy and foul smelling- he looks down to see bright red staining his boots.
“This…” Dean leans forward before he changes his mind. He presses their lips together softly, hesitantly. When Cas doesn’t pull away, he deepens the kiss slightly. Cas moves forward and wraps gentle arms around Dean’s waist. They both pull away for a moment, staying close enough to breathe each other’s air.
Dean nods gratefully. Cas’ pager beeps, and he apologizes before quickly exiting the room, and Dean is alone again.
“Dean ? You awake ?” It’s a rough, deep voice he isn’t familiar with, until the young, blue-eyed doctor from that morning strides into the room. “I’m sorry, but I have to change your bandages now.”
It’s a little over two weeks until Christmas, and Dean is standing in a mall panicking. Nothing here seems fit for Cas. He knows everything that Cas likes, yet he can’t seem to think of anything. He thinks about it long and hard, about stuff that Cas would want. He thinks about buying Cas a bunch of big, ugly sweaters, because he’s obsessed with them, but that just seems…not right.
“A date, huh?”
“It’s a date.” Dean replies, winking at him as he walks away, leaving Cas to drive home and replay those three words a half dozen times.
Dean finally sits up, rubbing his eyes.
Sam sighs, watching his mom and dad talk to Dr. Novak like he’s the greatest thing on Earth.
Sam and Jess are also engaged now. Jess had scolded him for stealing Cas and Dean’s thunder, but they were thrilled. Dean just wants his brother to be as happy as he is, and Cas is ecstatic to plan Jess’ wedding with her. Bobby pretends to be gruff and roll his eyes at the thought of another wedding, but Dean knows how happy he is on the inside, to see the boys he practically raised being married off.
“My apologies that I upset you, Dean. That was not my intention.” Truly, Castiel does feel sadness at the fact that he has made his guard feel ill at ease with both himself and the angel.
"Do what?" Cas asks curiously.
He sounds ashamed, and it breaks Cas’ heart. He can practically feel little fissures forming in the organ at the thought that Dean feels like he can’t be accepted for who he really is.
“Hey brother.” Benny waves at them both as he sets up his drum set.
Mary makes everyone BLT sandwiches for lunch, and packs an extra one for Cas’ next break at the hospital. He can’t stay long, but he’s glad he came to see Dean. It’s been almost a week and a half since they’ve seen one another. It’s getting harder and harder to resist the temptation that Dean creates for him, and he thinks that maybe that’s why he hasn’t been here in so long.
these past months. It’s just like old times, except it’s better. Dean is home, and he’s with Cas, and all they have to do is talk. Dean doesn’t have to grab his gun and run off in the middle of it, and Cas doesn’t have to walk back alone to his camp. They can just stay here for as long as they want.
Mary calls them downstairs a few minutes later, the fire blazing. She hands out the designated presents first, and tells Dean he should open his before everyone else. Unknowingly, he opens Cas’ last. He picks up the big box with the smaller, thinner one on top. “It’s heavy.” Dean says, reading the tag. “Cas, what could you have possibly gotten me ?” He opens the paper carefully, his cheeks tinted a light pink from all the eyes on him. He opens the bigger box first, eyes lighting up when he sees what’s inside. “Cas ! Thank you, wow.” He beams, looking it over. He sets it carefully aside and opens the thinner package. “Holy shit, is this….this record is
comics!” Sam’s excited voice drifts into the bathroom.
“He is quite good-looking.” Cas comments, holding his breath for Dean’s reply.
sees Cas again. It keeps him grounded, it gives him something to look forward to. He doesn’t just blindly look ahead anymore, he takes it a day a time-
On one of his days off, Castiel gets a call from an unknown number, which is strange in itself. The other odd part of it is that the call comes on his landline, which he never even uses.
If he was to die this time, he would be okay, because Cas knows that he loves him. That’s the best thing he could ask for.
Dean has been in the hospital for five days. He’s frustrated, and he just wants to go home. Four years he’s waited to go home, but they only want to keep him here. In his mind, he can heal just as well there, without all the constant bustle and the tests and the needles. Right now, he’s leaning against his mom, pretending to sleep as she strokes his hair. Dean can’t believe he survived all of that horror without her, he honestly can’t. He’s glad he doesn’t have to anymore. He hears footsteps come into the room; most likely another doctor.
Unfortunately, Dean gets swamped at work when a new couple moves to town and enlists his help in practically redoing their entire house. He talks to Cas all the time on the phone, but it’s about two weeks before they can plan another date. Cas takes the opportunity to focus on his work as well- he’s launching a new line of his own homemade products at his store. He makes beeswax and honey candles and other products. His store is small, and hasn’t been open very long, but he is immensely proud of it. He has had steady business so far, mostly locals excited to have a new place to shop, but a few tourists passing by as well.
"Yes." Cas says definitively. "We are."
Dean sits on a couch across from Garth, who’s sitting in a living chair.
“What?” Dean plops down onto a stool.
He goes to collect his things from the on-call room and drives home. He has the entire rest of the day until the evening off, and he starts it with a long nap. After his sleep, Cas takes a hot shower and makes himself a nice dinner. He lives alone in a decent sized house in the nice part of town- his parents wouldn’t have it any other way. Although he lives alone, Cas wouldn’t say that he is lonely. He has his brothers and sister, and he has his work. He doesn’t need a boyfriend, or a pet, or constant daily visits from his parents. Maybe sometimes he would like a friend, but for the most part, Castiel is content with just peaceful existence.
“What’s wrong, Dean ?” Cas asks when they go up to his room before the gift unwrapping starts.
“How did your family get into this?” He wonders aloud.
He can see Dean visibly relax as he realizes Cas is right- but now Cas starts to stiffen in his own posture. The three men are all unattractive and unfriendly looking, but now Castiel can see that one has another remarkable feature-
He learns that Gabriel is on Castiel’s emergency contact list, and that was why he was notified that he was here. He lives in Colorado, but was on his way to surprise his brother anyway. He had helped Cas to settle in a few weeks before, and after phone calls from him earlier that day, he decided that he wanted to come back to spend a little more time and possibly even meet the boyfriend his little brother had gone on and on about. “Now here we are.” He gestures. He seems remarkably calm for someone whose brother is in emergency surgery. Dean tells him as much, curious at his answer to his observation.
Dean drives Cas home with the radio on low. The sky is dark now, and the windows in the Impala are rolled down. The warm, balmy air hits Castiel’s skin like a gentle caress. He feels so at ease, listening to the gentle rumble of the car coupled with the tune of Bryan Adams barely reaching his ears. As they walk up to his front door together, he can also make out the sound of crickets and frogs in the distance, his favorite summer sound. They both chirp together at night in harmony, coming from the small creek behind Cas’ house a ways. He and Dean look at each other nervously as they reach the porch. This is the best and worst part of any first date- the moment where you have to decide if you make the plunge for that first kiss.
Disclaimer: this chapter features smut !
“I’m going to get your doctor, alright ? And then you can see Sam and your mom and dad.”
Dean looks up at the sound of Cas’ voice. He waits a few minutes before he hesitantly opens the door, pulling Cas inside and shutting it again.
Cas can see definite improvements in Dean, and it's causing him to fall for him. They go out and do things now, go on dates, and laugh, and kiss...everything Cas never knew he wanted. He doesn't want it with just anyone, he wants it with Dean.
Cas’ heart and stomach both drop. “Dean… you’re not a burden. You’re my…friend. I want to help you.”
WOW. Who would have thought that FOUR YEARS later I'd be continuing this ? Certainly not me. But this piece was always one of my favorites that I've ever written, and so I decided to do my best to come back and finish it. This chapter is intense, so be aware that there are some dark themes coming. Don't be afraid to enjoy it though :)
Mary opens the door before they even hit the porch, and ushers them inside. John takes Dean right to the living room and deposits him on the couch. “Sammy, get him some new clothes.”
"I'm worried about you, Dean. I don't...I don't want to lose you again." Sam looks at his feet and sits down next to him. "I had to live without you for four years... and yeah so it wasn't as bad as what you went through, but things around here weren't a picnic either. I just want my big brother back." He wipes away some stray tears.
“Yes, sorry to break it to ya kid.” Dean doesn’t look at him for a reaction, and Sam is silent in the back.
Dean watches as they wheel his boyfriend into the operating room, blowing him a kiss. He feels a little goofy doing it, but he hopes it makes Cas feel better. As soon as the doors close, Dean breathes out deeply and begins to panic. He no longer has to hold it together for Castiel, so his anxiety takes a hold of him full force. Sam is in the lobby waiting for him, and he squeezes his shoulder. “These kinds of surgeries are routine, Dean. He’ll be fine. It will take a couple of hours, tops.” He grabs them each a coffee while they wait.
A few minutes later, Pam enters Dean’s room again. “Milton said he’s busy, but that Cas can take you if you want. I mean, Dr. Novak.”
This chapter isn't that great, and I apologize. It's a little filler-ish, but I felt like I needed to add some of Sam's insight, and establish more of the infatuation happening with Cas and Dean.
Dean stays another week before he drives home. He talks to Cas on the phone every night, but it’s not the same. But the fact is, he needs to pay the bills. So Dean gets a steady job like a responsible guy, and he misses Cas like a lonely guy, and he cries sometimes like a heartbroken guy.
Cas pretends to make a face, but accepts anyway.
Dean leans forward and cups Cas’ face gently, and presses their lips together. It starts out slow and tender, with their lips sliding together in perfect sync, almost chaste. But then Cas lays down on the grass and Dean hovers over him, his tongue sliding into his mouth to taste him, and Cas’ hands sliding up underneath the back of Dean’s shirt. His body heat warms Cas, and euphoria flows through him. They kiss like this for a long time, slow and unhurried, their hearts beating together in the dark of the night. The stars shine above them, witness to the bonding that was bound to happen between them. Dean has known this man for two years, he’s been the realest thing that he can depend on. He’s not just Cas, he’s
“Well, bi actually. But I’m not really...out. I don’t think my dad would approve.” It’s Dean’s cheeks’ turn to flush pink. “It’s stupid, to pretend to be something you’re not, I know that.”
“Dean sweetie, what happened ?” Mary asks, helping her husband take his wet clothes off.
Cas looks into his sincere hazel eyes. “He hasn’t woken up yet, we haven’t been able to determine.” His own voice sounds foreign to him- it sounds calm and indifferent, when on the inside this is definitely affecting him. They teach you to detach yourself, in med school, but something like this…it hits home.
“Is that what happened to your arm?” Castiel nods toward the elder Winchester’s  arm in the sling.
Dean stays at Cas’ house for a week, and he can’t believe he ever lived without this. He can’t remember a time without watching Cas smile, hearing his laugh at Dean’s dumb jokes, listening to him singing in the shower. They make breakfast together, they go for walks, they go to the library and read to each other. Simple things, small things that make everything worth it for Dean. The nightmares and the flashbacks, sure they came from Afghanistan, but Cas did too. And he could never regret that.
Dean healed in a matter of weeks, the angry bruises on his face fading until they were nothing more than a bad memory. He returns to work, and to the weekly Sunday dinners at his childhood home with his family. Now, though, his boyfriend accompanies him each time. Mary has grown quite fond of Castiel, and even his brother joins them at times. Dean feels so content that he often wonders if he’s just dreaming. What started out as a fender-bender turned into the best thing to happen to his life, and he’s thankful for it every single day when he wakes up next to his favorite bed-headed man.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So do you. Much better, Dean.” Cas says, fixing Dean’s shirt a little. “Are you ready to go ?”
It’s so strange for him to be back in America again. The sounds are so familiar, yet so off-base from what he’s been hearing these past two years. They make him jump now, the car horns and the dogs barking.  Ceiling fans freak him out, they remind him of chopper blades. He tears down all the ones in his house and burns them in the backyard. It’s hard for him to fall into a regular routine now, after being told what to do for so long. Most days he just lays in bed, not even sleeping, just thinking. He forgets to eat and shower, and he doesn’t have a job. The bills are piling up, and still he can’t find a reason to get out of bed.
Dean sits in the helicopter with Milligan, trying not to cry out of relief. They’re finally getting out, finally going home. No more heat and sand and dirty water, no more bullets and blood and dead friends….He’ll get to see Sam again, and sleep in his own bed, and eat as much pie as he wants.
Cas is antsy as he checks on his other patients and fills out charts. He wants to go back to Dean’s room now that he’s awake, but of course Dean deserves time with his family. He can’t figure out what’s drawing him to Dean…he won’t admit that maybe it’s the pull of Dean’s story, or maybe curiosity from a medical standpoint. He won’t let himself believe that it’s just to gawk at the tragedy that has become Dean’s life. Cas just wants to get to know Dean, the real Dean.
Their lips touch tenderly, Dean’s hand cupping Cas’ jaw and Cas’ hands on his waist. They pull away to breathe each other’s air for a moment before another, more chaste kiss ensues. Dean steps away. Their kisses were amazing, but it just feels right to stop now and leave some anticipation for the next date.
Another ten minutes on the dusty road and Dean has learned that the man’s name is Castiel and that his hazards were on in the first place because his battery had died. He jumps the car and they exchange contact information with plans to start working on the damage in the near future.
Dean’s face is bruising quickly, one eye swelling shut. There are various cuts across his cheeks, with smatters and smears of blood down his face, neck, and chest. His shirt is even torn a little on one side. “Dean! Oh God, Dean…” Cas drops to his knees. He can hear sirens in the distance, and he prays an ambulance is accompanying the police. He pulls his boyfriend’s head into his lap. There are a few men from the bar standing around him, asking if there is anything they can do. A few more are searching the area for the men who attacked Dean.
Castiel misses Dean every second that he is away from him. He knows that it’s the best possible thing for them both, but he can’t help the constant ache in his chest that never seems to dull. It’s hard not knowing what his boyfriend is doing, or how he is doing for that matter. He understands the reasons, but it doesn’t make it the least bit easier. Cas thinks he misses Dean’s voice the most, because it took him so long to earn getting to hear it. That was such a big milestone for him, and now he’s passing even larger ones every single day. He’s so incredibly proud, and he can’t wait to tell his lover this.
A nurse pokes her head in. “He awake yet?” Her name is Missouri, and she’s been very supportive of Dean and his family. She tells Cas that she has psychic abilities, and she seems so earnest that he’s inclined to believe her. She tells him that his relationship with Dean is the real deal, and that loving him through this will get them out of the woods. It sounds hokey, Cas knows, but he loves his boyfriend so much that he wills himself to believe it.
“No. I will not go. I’m not /crazy/.” He can’t believe Castiel wants to send him away. That he doesn’t want to take care of him anymore. Dean has been trying his hardest, can’t Cas see that? He grabs the nearest bag and starts throwing things into it. “I’ll figure things out. But I’m not going there. I’ll just go somewhere else for a while.” Dean is babbling, tossing random articles of clothing in the duffel bag.
Dean is getting restless in this hospital. He’s been here two weeks, and he still can’t remember jack and they barely let him get out of bed. The only thing keeping him grounded is Cas- he’s such a sweet guy, caring and kind, and Dean is glad they were- are ?- dating. He always holds his hand when he has to get shots, and he brushes the hair out of his eyes when he’s sleeping. He promises to be here for him even if he doesn’t love him anymore.
After the movie ends, they go outside to look at the stars, even though the air has a chill and the street lights are on. Dean sits up and looks at Cas “I still looked at the stars whenever I could back in Afghanistan, when you were gone. Did you ?”
They both lay together, spent and badly needing to shower off, but content. Dean loans Cas clothes, and they cross another first off the list- their first time spending the night together.
The days blend together for Dean until it’s been a whole month since he’s been released from the hospital. Between panic attacks, mood swings, and nightmares, it hasn’t been the easiest month either. But he’s trying, trying to keep it together for everyone but himself.
Dean seems just as happy as he was before, and Cas thinks maybe this might have been a blessing in disguise. Everything is really good, if not better than it was before. He has his Dean, and that’s all that matters.
"The nightmares, the flashbacks....all of it. I can't take it anymore. Nothing is getting any better, and it's been months. It's almost the new year, but nothing's changing...."
heal from this Dean, you
Sam sips his drink. “Yep, usually five days a week. When he’s not gone on a hunt, ya know.” He shrugs.
They spread their books out and start working, when two sodas silently appear in front of them. The other boy seems unfazed, but Cas glances up to see Dean’s back walking away from them.
When they get back to the Winchester’s, Dean goes right to his room. Cas follows him silently, not sure if Dean wants to be alone. They sit watching his tv, but Cas can tell Dean’s mind is somewhere else.
Cas runs into Dean’s platoon again not long after the two month mark of the last time they saw each other. It’s night this time, and things are a lot less hectic for Dean. It’s almost quiet…he sneaks a few yards away to lay in the sand with Cas.
(See the end of the chapter for
never allowed to have friends over until ten o’clock at night, but of course Dean is. Dean is the golden child, the wonder boy. It eats Sam up inside to think things like this, but he can’t help it. Ever since that night four years ago, everything has been about Dean. Even though he was gone for all that time, it never stopped being about him. They had still celebrated his birthday, and bought his favorite foods, and took care of his car. They started going to church and avidly praying, doing anything they could to try to bring him home.
Castiel ignores that comment. “I like your necklace.” The jewelry is a black cord with some sort of pendant on the end, and damn if he can pretend it doesn’t look good resting against Dean’s bare chest. He mentally chastises himself for ogling an injured guy, but he couldn’t stop being attracted to Dean if he tried.
“I’ll call you soon.” Dean tells him, after gathering himself for a moment after the unexpected sweet gesture. He watches to make sure Castiel gets in okay before he waves, then walks back to his vehicle. He’s opening the door when he hears footsteps behind him again. He’s startled to see his date behind him.  He can read the shyness on Cas’ face, so he takes some initiative and closes the distance between them.
Finally, Dean squirms away, then rises up and pins Cas’ hands down. “Gotcha !”
They pull away an inch and breathe each other’s air, their lips swollen and their faces crinkled with the goofy smiles they both wear. They lay together in complete silence for a while more, before Cas takes Dean inside and they slip into the same bed. They don’t cuddle at first, they just lay on their sides facing each other. Cas’ soft breathing helps Dean sleep, and Dean’s peaceful face helps Cas drift off.
Castiel has never known that he could have everything he wanted in life and be so blissfully happy. It seems like a lifetime ago that he got in a fender-bender with a stranger, turning the unfortunate situation into the best thing that could have possibly happened. Castiel's car is in tip-top shape now, the boys' time in the garage reminding them of times gone past. Dean starts taking online classes at the local community college for a culinary degree. His fiance convinced him to go for it and pursue his pipe dream, and so he is. He feels more confident and in control of his life than he's ever felt, and he knows Castiel feels the same. The man has really come out of his shell since the start of their relationship. He makes such a great dad, Dean can't wait until they make it official.
Dean doesn’t sleep willingly anymore, he just waits until he’s too tired that he’s forced to. If he lays down to bed deliberately, he ends up thinking about how he spent four years in Hell. Or he falls asleep and dreams about it instead. It’s such a shock to his system to be back above ground, in the light, essentially thrown back into his past life, when he had honestly thought he was going to die there. And he feels bad for disrupting everyone’s lives, again. They must have been finally healing…Sam would be graduating soon, and Jo would be starting high school, Dad must be gaining headway with his business with Bobby…..
Dean knows that this is going to be one gooey, special Christmas- the first they’ve all spent together in four years. He’s so grateful to be here to watch the snow fall with his mom, and take Sam sledding. To be able to sit around the fire while they watch old movies, and throw popcorn at one another. The thought that Cas is spending it with them as well is just as exciting.
Cas and Dean have been living together for barely a month when things begin to spiral. The first sign of things going south is when Dean stops going to therapy. One evening when he is scheduled for a session, he just isn’t feeling up to it and Cas is at work, and so he simply doesn’t go. Except then the next time he doesn’t feeling like going either. And the time after that. After the fourth skipped session, he cancels the payments to his credit card so that he isn’t losing money. He ignores Meg’s calls to him and sends them straight to voicemail. Cas is working a lot so he is none the wiser to Dean’s sudden decision to stop something he knows is helping him heal.
Dean is allowed to see Cas for a few minutes before they kick him out due to the end of visiting hours. He can tell Cas is groggy, and he wants him to rest up, so maybe that’s a good thing. He kisses his head before he reluctantly leaves.
The Angel is alone with his thoughts for a little over two hours until he hears the now familiar rumble of the Impala. He also hears Dean’s voice- he seems to be speaking with someone. There are soft shushing noises and laughter as two- yes, Castiel can definitely tell Dean is not alone now- pairs of footsteps make their way up the porch and through the front door.
Cas stays with Dean for about half an hour, and in that time he learns more about Dean than anyone else has bothered. He learns that Dean doesn’t like too many people in the room at once, he wants to keep his light off as much as possible, and that he’s hurting when he breathes
After classes end for the day, the pair walks down the street to The Roadhouse. It’s about a fifteen minute walk from the school. Cas can see Dean’s Impala already in the parking lot, and remembers Sam saying that Dean
His voice isn’t what Cas would expect, but it’s nice. Low, a little raspy from lack of use, but it gives Cas a glimpse of what Dean had been prior to this.
, Dean ? Would you say it was hard for you ?” Garth is trying to piece together Dean’s babbling.
“You two have to be married to adopt a child.”
“I’ll be right out, Sammy.”
Cas comes in with a smile “Hey, Dean. I brought you some things.” He stopped at the hospital gift shop before he left, and picked up some chocolates and a tulip. He shows them to Dean, who smiles and takes the chocolate immediately.
A short time later, Dean finds himself in a paper gown, laying on an examining table. He waits somewhat apprehensively for the doctor to come in.
Despite the familiarity of the greeting, Dean still jumps. “Dammit, Cas! What are you doing here? It's late.” He wonders if the angel has been here the whole time, and feels something like shame and embarrassment when he thinks of Cas hearing him during his extracurricular activities.
The boys eat a nice meal on the back porch, and before either of them know it, it’s nearing 8pm. Castiel’s eyes are bright now, the effects of the beer nearly dissipated with the food now in his stomach. He offers to help clean up, but Dean still insists that he is a guest and he can take care of it. He walks Cas to the car.
“I’m sorry that you feel that way.”
“Can we talk about something else?” Sam’s tone is gentle, but a glance up at his expression tells Cas that this subject is painful for him, and he feels properly chagrined for the second time today.
Cas regrets that goodbye every single night. He cries himself to sleep, torturing himself with replaying thoughts of Dean back in Afghanistan. He can’t even bring himself to talk to him, because it will just be that much harder when he leaves. Dean is going to leave him, and he might not make it back.
Things are much less tense between them after their brief talk that night. Bobby has still not found much helpful lore about guardian angels, and Dean has Googled the subject on more than one occasion, but then felt stupid and exited out of the tab almost immediately. About four months since the first day they had met, Dean decides to grow a pair and simply ask the angel his questions.
“I can tell.” Dean huffs a laugh. “We’ll get her in tip-top shape though.” He pats the hood of the car lovingly. “She got a name?” He jokes.
“Nurse Cas, work your magic.” He carefully peels off his destroyed t-shirt, and Cas swallows hard at the sight of the other man shirtless. He grabs the small first aid kit from the under sink cabinet. “This is going to sting.” He warns, dabbing a cotton ball of disinfectant carefully over the scratches.
“You work too hard ! You can stay here, and relax. I’ll cook you meals like I do for all my boys.” Mary tells him, kissing his head. “Don’t worry about a thing.”
“That was a very good start Dean, it was very brave of you to share everything that you did. I know it wasn’t easy.” Garth keeps his tone neutral, not condescending.
Castiel loves seeing Dean like this- coming undone. He’s panting and moaning on his lap, and he feels so perfect against him. Cas moves his hands down to cup Dean’s ass “Come on baby, almost there.” His own orgasm hits him by surprise, and his muscles stiffen up as he bursts out with a long moan. Like a chain reaction, Dean is coming as well, and they both have a silent moment of bliss before they collapse, boneless.
"Dean ? Talk to me." Castiel puts a hand on Dean's shoulder. "Dean."
Castiel keeps his calm for a while longer, but finally he nudges Dean. “Can we head out now?”
Cas leads Dean inside and makes him dinner. After they eat, they lay on the floor in Cas’ living room, and just talk. Dean tells Cas all about everything he’s missed these past months, and Cas tells Dean about missing
“Right there !” Dean chokes out.
“Is it safe for you guys to be
Cas picks up a brand new record player over the weekend. It’s beautiful, dark wood and chrome. Now he’ll just have to hunt for the vinyls he needs.
It turns out he’s right- Bobby Singer, Ellen Harvelle, and even Sheriff Jodi Mills have come to see Dean. He takes a walk with the Sheriff for her own cup of coffee as the family converses with Mary.
“No, never. Things got better then, and I didn’t have those thoughts anymore. I started getting more comfortable around Cas, and I guess you could say I fell in love with him again.” Dean smiles softly at the thought. “We were happy for a long time, but sort of recently I actually remembered everything that I had lost, not just the war stuff. My PTSD came back pretty bad, and my depression…I started thinking those thoughts again.” He looks down at his hands. “That’s all I feel like talking about today.”
Cas stands too. “I should probably head home as well.” They walk out of the front doors together, and Dean beckons Cas to the car as well.
kind of guy.” Dean says, no trace of mirth in his voice.
“W-what?” Castiel can’t halt the embarrassing stutter that slips from his mouth. He’s shocked at Dean’s confession- he doubt the other man even heard his own, back in the parking lot at the bar. That means….he isn’t just saying it to say it back. He means it. The two men embrace silently.
Dean reacts graciously, holding onto his boyfriend and placating him the best that he can. He had no idea that the other man was feeling this way, and he feels guilty despite the situation. The two men talk for a long time, even touching on the fact that they’re currently living together.
“But don’t tell him I told you that. He thinks he has everyone fooled into thinking he does it for the glory.” The way Sam talks about his big brother makes Castiel long for his own siblings, for the days when they were all under one roof. He’s the youngest by a number of years, the last to still be living at home with their parents.
It takes both of them a few months to realize that they’re falling in love all over again.
Cas and Dean haven’t seen each other since August. Dean doesn’t know whether Cas went back home, or they just haven’t run into each other, period.
Dean drifts in and out, but his eyelids feel so heavy that he can’t find the strength to open them. He feels a cool touch on his hand, anchoring him to reality when he feels lost inside his own body. He dreams, but each one is distorted and he forgets it almost as soon as he stirs. He thinks it must be from all the pain medication swimming through his veins, but he can’t be sure. He isn’t positive on how much time as passed, but he wants to wake up now. Dean attempts to speak. His lips feel like jell-o, but he thinks he manages to make a sound.
It's been two days since then, and Dean won't eat or talk. He mostly just sleeps or lays in bed staring at the wall. Cas does everything to try to help him, but he's just too tired. He's been trying so hard that he feels utterly burnt out.
“It was born out of necessity, but I’ve learned to enjoy it. This place is great, I could do so much more with a place like this.” He gestures around. “Definitely more than a motel room and boxed Mac and cheese. Although you’d be surprised, some of my recipes were a hit and have stuck around.”
A few moments later, as if on cue, the fireworks begin. Dean watches Cas’ face more than the fireworks. His eyes are big and alight like a childs, as he takes in the bursts of color in the sky. “They’re so beautiful…” He mumbles in awe. He scoots closer to Dean, and they cuddle as they watch together. It's easily the best night of Cas' entire life. The show lasts about forty five minutes, a gorgeous display of shape and color, the perfect way to end their date, and the summer.
The door opens ungracefully and the pungent smell of Dean’s leather jacket and beer hits Castiel’s nostrils. The green eyed man must have been at the bar, judging by his loud entry and the smell of alcohol. The Angel freezes where he sits in the armchair, unsure of whether to make his presence known. He is aware that the chair is in the darkest corner of the room. He is also aware that in his current state, Dean is most likely not to notice him.
The very last firework is Dean’s favorite one.
injured in the explosion…however, he was very lucky. He will have no long term physical disability. Right now, his range of motion with his right arm is impaired, but we can work on that. The real issue is, Dean experienced some head trauma during the explosion. He has some memory loss right now….there is no way to tell if he remembers you until you go in and see him. I’m very sorry.”
Dean hugs him back “Hey Cas. I’ve missed you…I told you that I would be here, and now here I am.”
“It’s just salt, don’t go writing poetry about me now.” Dean grits out.
Cas gives her a slight smile as he administers some medicine into Dean’s IV line. “He’s doing remarkably well, we’re all very proud of him.”
Dean holds up his old whiteboard, which reads “I’m sorry for being a burden. You’re not getting paid to take care of me anymore, yet I’m still bothering you.”
Cas runs to the door, praying that the person on the other side is Dean. When he opens it and sees that it is, he doesn’t say anything, he just pulls him inside and kisses him.
“It’s Dean. And just watch your mouth around here.” He uses a moment to take Cas in. He’s different than anyone Dean’s ever met, that’s for sure. A young kid having the balls to do something like this, travel the world and talk to an armed soldier like that.
The other boy nods, his long hair flopping over his forehead with the motion. “Our dad used to take us all over the country, but Uncle Bobby said we could stay with him for stability. Wanted us to go to one school, be settled.” He seems grateful. “Our dad is still out there though. And sometimes Dean goes on a solo hunt, but he usually sticks around here, or not far. He did one not too long ago, came back with the messed up arm. He won’t even tell me what happened.” That prompts Castiel to glance back over to the bar, where he can just barely see Dean back in the kitchen. They’re the same age, yet he can’t even fathom the weight on Dean’s shoulders and responsibilities he has.
“We should come swimming here soon.” Dean comments, looking out over the water.
“No, I have that one. I recognized the cover.”
It’s two weeks after the huge shoot out when the bomb- literally- drops. Dean’s platoon is bombed. Thankfully, he’s not standing close enough to it that he gets killed, but the damage is huge. Almost half the men are wiped out or injured, including Dean. He remembers the sound the best, the huge boom that reverberated in his chest, and the feeling of flying through the air. The bodies and body parts that hit the ground beside him, the human remains that splatter onto the sand. It’s like one of his dreams, except this is far too real, and the pain is suffocating him. Henrikson is screaming at him “Get up, get up !”
“That would be lovely Dean.” Castiel tells him honestly. “I drink tea.” He informs him, smiling. He hopes he appears composed on the outside, because in his chest his heart is beating fast like it knows something he doesn’t. He is pretty sure Dean just wants to go out as friends, but he is so handsome and nice that Cas’ heart can’t help but to want it to be under another pretense. Dean changes his grease-stained t-shirt and they go out to a local coffee joint that same night.
At the same time, it’s scary for him. He has a hard time trusting Cas at first, he’s awkward and nervous around him. It takes a while to get used to the idea that they’re
Dean rings Sam a few days later. “Listen. I uh…have a date on Friday. You’re better at the whole ‘style’ thing than me, so maybe you could help me pick something out.” It has taken Dean two days to swallow his pride enough for this phone call. The answering pause from Sam makes him regret calling him at all, he’s almost sure his younger brother will laugh in his face and tease him. After all, that’s admittedly what Dean would have done if the roles were reversed. Instead, he gets a “Sure Dean, come by any time and Jess and I will help you.” Dean is so relieved he could practically fist-pump.
Castiel nods, that explains the tackling to get him out of harm's way.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean shoots, and the roar of the bullets is deafening. It seems like time slows down as he hears the cries of men being hit, men being killed….
“C’mon, let’s get rid of the body and get out of here.”
“It could be a gateway to remembering the rest of your memories together. Right now, it seems as though he remembers everything up until 2001. He remembers some of the war, which is both good and bad. It’s good that he doesn’t remember everything so that his PTSD is lessened, but bad because that means there are still holes in his memory. These holes could be hiding meeting you in Afghanistan and then spending time with you back here in the States. Keep trying Cas, you’re doing great.”
?” Castiel whispers the last word.
“Is that…” Castiel peers at it skeptically.
Now he’s even more nervous to give Castiel his. He hands him the gift anyway, avoiding his eyes. Cas feels the soft package, trying to determine what it is before he opens it. The first thing he sees when he takes the paper off is soft maroon yarn. He pulls it out to find a perfectly oversized sweater, exactly in the style he would like. “This is really nice Dean, thank you. I love it.” He says sincerely. He notices Mary nudge Dean.
It haunts Dean in his dreams that night, and every night after.
“You sure about this?” Dean double-checks. When Castiel affirms, he lays soft kisses up the inside of his lover’s thighs as his fingers drift toward their target. He circles his boyfriend’s hole, going slowly not for teasing purposes, but to be sure he is as gentle as possible. After about ten minutes of using one finger, he slips in another, wringing a desperate moan from Cas that makes him grin. “You like that, huh? You ain’t felt nothing yet.” The dark-haired man tugs at his hair, knowing by now that Dean /loves/ it.
Cas looks down at him, stunned.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
. He tells Cas how hard it is, how he’s struggling to keep up. That he’s scared. It makes him sad to know that Dean is out there, scared and feeling alone, and he can’t do a damn thing about it. He wishes that Dean would have never enlisted again. God, does he wish.
It makes Cas uneasy when Dean watches the news. He always sits quietly and intently during the pieces about the war, and it worries Cas. He doesn’t like to think about Dean in his soldiers uniform anymore. It used to make him proud to remember Dean as a hero, but now it just makes him scared. He thought he loved Dean then, but that’s nothing compared to how he feels now.
“You’re right, I know how kind of a man you are. I shouldn’t have doubted it.” Cas says seriously.
“Of course, of course I will. What’s your address ?” Castiel writes it down on a piece of paper, his heart pounding. He gets into his SUV and drives toward the Winchester house right away, wondering the whole time what could be wrong.
Dean and Cas talk about movies, and they both agree that 80’s movies are their favorite. Cas puts in Roadhouse, an old Patrick Swayze movie, and they sit on the couch together. They’re sharing a popcorn and drinking a beer, and everything seems like it should be this way. Just the two of them, quietly sharing the night.
They leave the establishment, bracing themselves for the heat on the walk to the Impala. The place was pretty packed, and Dean wanted to park in the shade since his vehicle is black and absorbs heat. Neither man notices the trio of men previously harassing them leave the joint not a minute after them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean proceeds cautiously. “You’re so beautiful.” He kisses along his boyfriend’s jawline, and Cas grips his shoulders. He squirms with his arousal. “This okay?” Dean checks- he knows Cas’ history and would never do anything that he didn’t want to do. Cas nods fervently and pulls him closer. Dean’s calloused hand slips down to Castiel’s jean’s, and he runs his hand over his obvious hard-on. Dean starts to rub him through his pants, enjoying the soft moans he is eliciting from his partner. “Feel good?” He asks him, increasing the pressure.
Dean nods, holding onto Cas’ hips as he pushes slowly in. He waits until he’s fully sheathed before he starts rolling his hips slowly, sliding in and out with practiced ease. Dean doesn’t bottom very often, and Cas likes being able to treat him. Dean’s head is thrown back in ecstasy, his breathing harsh and labored with his pleasure.
“Is this Castiel Novak ?”
Dean struggles to recognize him, but he can’t. “Um…hi.” He says weakly.
“No thank you, I’m used to walking. My house is close- well, you know that.” Cas gestures vaguely and looks down, embarrassed. Dean is so tough and handsome, and Castiel is just a boring high school student, a nobody. He finds it hard to meet the other boy’s eyes.
Mary comes upstairs around an hour later to wake Dean up. “Dinner’s ready sweetheart, everyone will be here soon. ‘Everyone’ consists of Bobby Singer and Ellen and Jo Harvelle, the family’s closest friends. Hell, they aren’t even friends, they’re family. They hadn’t gotten to see Dean while he was in the hospital, because his parents decided it would be too stressful for him. He was nervous now, because it meant more tears and more pitying looks. Dean got dressed and went downstairs to wait in the living room.
This will be  the last update until Monday. Sorry it's a little short...chapter postings will most likely be every few days starting next week. (:
“I wanted to kiss you too.” Cas tells him softly. He turns his head and pecks Dean’s shoulder instead.
The Angel disappears from the armchair and from the Winchester house.
He puts the watch in his pocket for safe keeping, running his fingers over it.
Dean is shot. His side is aching from the bullet, and he’s bleeding out in a mountain of sand. His hearing is tunneled, the only sound he hears is the shallow wheeze of his own breathing. Lafitte is the first one to reach him, to put his hands over the wound and help him. Some of the blood splashes onto Benny’s vest, and it distracts Dean. It looks like a star.
I'm so sorry I haven't updated sooner !
Dean turns to him, eyes soft. “I’ll teach you.” He smiles and takes Cas’ hand over the table.
He gets war flashbacks constantly, and he can barely function unless he’s in a quiet room with only a few people. He feels even worse that he forgot Cas, and that just makes the whole thing even more devastating for him. How could he forget the one he loves ? And now all he can think about is all the people he saw die, and all the people he killed.
Cas holds him close and they lay in silence for a long time, each lost in their thoughts.
Cas draws a deep breath. “My last boyfriend had blue eyes. I think they might be overrated. I much prefer brown…or green.” Cas can’t believe he’s mentioning Balthazar at all, not to mention /here/, to Dean of all people. He thinks it’s his way of telling Dean he’s into men as well, but he can’t be too sure because his brain feels too much like the honey in his tea.
The accident and Afghanistan are far behind them. They have roots in this town now, and a dog, and they renovated the living room. Everything’s different, yet it’s so much the same- but Hell if it isn’t damn good anyway.
“Is that why you and Sam came to the hunt? That was stupid, you know.”
“I was a soldier…” Dean begins. “In Afghanistan. Served two deployments. My second one got cut short because of an injury…That was hard, I guess.”
Dean is surprised at how comfortable he feels here. He hasn’t been back up to this wing of the hospital since he was discharged all those months ago. There’s a lot of memories here, that’s for sure, but a lot of them are good. It’s nice to sit and remember for a minute, and realize how far he’s come since then. Just because he’s had some setbacks since then, doesn’t mean that he’s stopped moving forward. It’s taken him a long time to come to these conclusions, and he knows he had to figure it out for himself.
After the second movie, Dean falls asleep with his head on Cas’ shoulder. He doesn’t want to wake him, so Cas stays still and watches the movie alone. Near the end, Dean starts twitching in his sleep. Castiel watches him for a moment, before gently shaking his shoulder to wake him up. “Dean ?” He shakes him harder when tears start to roll down his face, and finally his eyes pop open. He clings to Cas, tremoring slightly.
“Dean ?” Sam’s voice breaks his reverie. “We’re home.” He takes Dean’s bags and watches him walk up the drive, stopping to stare for a moment. The house looks exactly the same, just as if he’d never left it.
“It’s too hard,” is the only thing out of Dean’s mouth for a long time. He and Meg stare at each other, each waiting for the other to continue on. He finally looks away just to break the tension, and he jumps when she places a hand on his arm. “You need people to help you. You /have/ people to help you. Don’t throw it away, Dean. You’re better than this. I know you don’t necessarily believe that, but it’s the truth. I’m unbiased.” She smiles softly. “Trust me, I don’t usually make house calls.” She adds. Dean can’t fathom why she would come all this way just to seek him out. His brain has long since stopped making himself believe that people can care about him just because they do. She gives him a list of suggestions and phone numbers, but when she leaves he still isn’t quite convinced of anything. At the very least, she’s promised not to tell his family or Cas on him as long as he starts to make an effort again.
Dean grumbles and complains about all of the help, but deep down he knows he needs it. His ribs hurt like hell and they make it difficult for him to walk long distances, even if the ‘long’ distance is considered from his kitchen to his bedroom. He also has trouble laying down by himself. He feels embarrassed in the way his dad used to- like he’s suddenly reverted back to a childlike state.
Dean takes a deep breath but surprisingly, doesn’t shy away. He swallows before continuing- “Scary. The hardest part was the not knowing. Not knowing when he would be back, or what was going to happen next. And, you know, not knowing about my family, that was hard.” He’s quiet for a long moment, and Cas thinks that he isn’t going to say any more.
Dean is locked in his room currently, shaking like a leaf. This is the worst panic attack he’s ever had, and the more he thinks about how he’s worrying his family the worse it gets. He just wants to crawl out of his skin.
“No, I just didn’t know, is all. You’re gay too?”
Castiel’s scruff scratches lightly at Dean’s skin as he mouths at his jaw, sucking wetly on the skin of his neck. Dean tips his head back with a soft groan, tightening his grip on Cas’ hips. He’s hard in no time, his cock insistent against the restraining fabric of his jeans. His hips rock of their own accord, finding his boyfriend’s pants in the same tented state.
“Sam isn’t at school today-”
“You shouldn’t drive like that.” Dean tells him thoughtfully. “Come in the house for a bit, I’ll whip up some dinner. I’m starved.” He offers Cas a smile.
Cas is working on New Year’s Eve, but that doesn’t stop Dean from spending time with him. He brings a bunch of snacks and party items to the on-call room, and watches ‘New Years Rockin’ Eve’ by himself while Cas visits between rounds and whenever he can.
Castiel and Dean sit together on his bed, with snacks all around them. They’re having a movie night to celebrate the first snow of the season. They are pressed thigh to thigh, their feet tangled together at the end of Dean’s bed. Dean keeps snorting at the television, and Cas has never heard a more beautiful sound than his laughter. He cracks up at the movie, burying his face in Cas’ shoulder as popcorn spews out of his mouth. The sight alone makes Cas laugh too, and then they’re both doubled over, laughing at nothing. Its times like these that Cas has missed out on, being virtually friendless throughout his school years, because he was studying so hard. Dean gives him back a childhood he never had, and in return Cas gives him the one that was stolen from him.
I will admit, it has been a LONG time since I've written smut. I hope I didn't  do too badly. However, there will be more where that came from in the future of this fic ;)
like to talk about ? Anything you’re comfortable with.” Garth says in a calm voice.
“Watch out!” Castiel barely has any time to react before a body is barreling into him, knocking him onto the hard earth. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees another body leap toward them, but this one is much bigger, and...furrier.
Castiel now knows why he looks familiar- he was kidnapped in a town near his own, years ago. Cas was barely out of high school then… it had to have been, what, four years ago ? It was all over the news for weeks, and then suddenly everything just stopped. Cas looks up from the chart, to look at the patient again. Castiel has never known such tragedy- he grew up privileged, comfortable, and safe. The best private schools, the fast track to college, a large, loving family and a last name that made him well-known. He snaps out of his thoughts when he drops his pen, and resumes writing out the chart. “The lost boy has finally been found.” He thinks to himself.
Cas is a librarian now, and Dean is a factory worker. They’ve been living together for two months- they even spent their first Christmas together. Things are better than they’ve ever been , for both of them. They’re like planets, they orbit around each other. Cas is Dean’s gravity, and Dean is Cas’ sun.
Interns often do shifts that last days at a time, so around midnight Cas is still at the hospital, taking a coffee break and watching the news in the on-call room. The story of Dean being found alive is blowing up the local stations, and even quite a bit of the national ones. Cas turns the volume up to listen “….21 year old Dean Winchester was found alive today by police in Wichita, over three hundred miles away from where he was abducted, four years ago. Police say that his kidnapper, Alistair Robbins, passed away a month ago of a heart attack, leaving Dean locked in this basement, with no way out.” The camera cuts to a shot of a dilapidated basement. “It was a stroke of luck that caused the discovery- neighbors had not seen Mr. Robbins and called to report it, bringing local police to the scene. Sheriff Jodi Mills was the first to identify the young man as Dean- she was a family friend of the Winchesters. The family will finally be reunited with their son this evening.” Cas shuts off the tv after the story ends, trying to take it all in. It seems like something he would see in a crime television show, but this is something real and it happened in his hometown...it sends shivers up his spine, and he leaves the cold and empty room to find some company.
As always, thank you all for reading !
Dean is beyond embarrassed- his face is bright red. He turns away from Cas, his cheeks flaming.
“Hey.” Dean greets, just coming in from work. It startles Castiel so much that he drops the dish from his hands onto the floor, the ceramic making a loud sound but not shattering.
“Because I don’t go. My Uncle Bobby said I could only hunt full time if I finished school, so I took accelerated classes and graduated early. Don’t think it’s quite what he had in mind, but it works.” He shrugs again, entirely too nonchalant for the context of the conversation.
“Family of Castiel Novak?”  The unlikely trio of men stands up in unison. “He’s in post-op right now, recovering. He’s pretty lucky.” Gabe glances at Dean at that, as if to say “See what I mean?”
A new patient had moved into Dean’s old room within a day. It was almost odd now, going in there and seeing a frail old woman instead of a young guy with bright green eyes. He feels odd now that he can’t make sure that Dean is okay, and to be honest it bothers him. So much for no attachment.
Cas comes home from work and Dean is already home, which is unusual. “Babe ? Is something wrong ?”
Dean decides to talk to Sam about this the next day. “Can you do anything? Is it possible?” Dean fidgets with his hands, avoiding his brother’s gaze. They’re sitting in “Benny’s Brews”, the first time Dean has left his home in days. He has bags under his eyes and his hair is wild, but despite all this, he is the happiest Sam has ever seen him. He widens his hazel eyes, tapping his fingers on the wooden table they’re currently sitting at. “I’ll see what I can do, Dean.”
Cas is discharged the next day with a clean bill of health save for the healing surgical wound. Gabriel kindly offers to take over his store for a few days until he can get back on his feet, and Cas accepts. He loafs around his house for a week, with Dean coming to check on him whenever he can. Gabe is staying with him, but he’s so busy with the store that he hardly sees his brother.
October, 2003
Nine months to the wedding
Dean has been here about eight months now, not even halfway through his first deployment. He’ll be here until October of 2003, and it scares him to think that maybe he won’t make it that long. He voices all these fears to Cas, under the stars.
“Hmm ?” Dean asks, shoving a pretzel in his mouth.
“Thanks.” Dean hadn’t been planning on telling that much at all- actually, he’d planned on not really saying much, period. But then he got here, and everything was stirring under the surface of his skin. If he didn’t let it out somehow, he felt like he was going to explode. Dean feels like pressure has been released, like he’s a little lighter somehow. Maybe Cas was right, this could be good for him…
“Yes, Dean is alive.”
“I know. I didn’t want to bring back bad memories for you, but I know now that we need to trust each other. We’re living together now…” Cas gives him a tentative smile.
“We should take things slow. Not because I don’t want this, because I do. I just don’t want to mess anything up.” Cas actually cringes at how he sounds- like a cliché romance movie.
“Dean…you spoke to me.” He says dumbly.
“Just breathe, Dean, it will be over in a few minutes.” Cas desperately wishes that he could do something more to help.
He lays awake that night, with Dean’s arms around him. He tries not to think about sleeping alone when Dean eventually
The duo has only physically touched once or twice before, but the gesture now grounds Dean and has the desired effect of quelling his dark thoughts. “Do you mean that? It’s okay if this is just your job, I get it. You didn’t ask for me.” He avoids Castiel’s gaze and instead looks across the backyard to the fire point of the setting sun where it burns a dark amber low in the sky. It makes his eyes sting a little, but it’s better than seeing whatever Cas is about to say next reflected in his blue orbs.
“It’s bad again today.” Is all he sends.
I'm still having some writers block but I pushed through to write another chapter for you all (: I hope it's better than the last one I posted !
"I already re-live them all the time... I think its what I need. To talk about it with someone from the outside, someone who wasn't involved in the situation." Dea takes a deep breath, already feeling slight relief.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dean moves into Cas’ apartment in the end of February. They start refurnishing it together- changing it from the cold, unlived in feel that it harbored before to a cozy atmosphere that makes them both feel warm and safe. Before, it had been mostly whites and blues, just like the hospital. Cas was barely here, so he had no reason for anything else. Together, they change it to reds and browns, mixing in greens and giving the place an earthy feel. The whole ordeal is another shock to Dean’s system, but a good one this time.
“I want this to be long-term.” Dean finally says. “I never thought I’d be the type to settle down, but I want to…with you.” Castiel’s face lights up with a smile, and Dean’s answers it with a grin of his own. He leans in for a kiss, and Cas pulls his face down closer, forcing him to adjust his position until he’s leaning over the other man.
“So red…” Dean chokes out, clutching onto Cas.
“Dad help me ! Dad !”
“Yeah, I mean, it happened.” Castiel tries and fails to perfect Dean’s casual shrug from the night before.
“Cas….fuck…go faster.” He begs.
“I like the sound of us. Thank you, Cas. I’ll read it and think of you, every time.” And that note, that ripped out book page, that sentiment, meant so much to Dean. He kept it tucked into his helmet, and he read it every night. The note eventually got smudged and dirty, but by that time Dean could already recite it by heart.
At the first scream, John and Mary sit straight up in their beds. John runs to Dean’s room, and arrives there at the same time as Sam. When they open the door and find the bed empty, panic mode sets in. John tells Sam and Mary to stay inside, and he goes out into the night to find Dean, whom he can still hear yelling.
Castiel’s cheeks flush. “You’d be surprised.” He mumbles. He gets out of the car and begins to walk away, when Dean stops him.
“Basically, yeah. And they’re super dangerous to men, so we need to get to Dean fast.”
It’s almost two hours before the doctor comes out to speak with them.  “Mr. Winchester is stable. He’s been moved from the emergency room to a room in the trauma unit. We’d like to keep an eye on him for at least a couple of days.” The doctor is a lanky man with kind eyes and a name tag reading “Dr. Fitzgerald.” He tells the anxious trio that they may see Dean one at a time. “He’s not awake, but I’m sure he will know you are there.” He gives them all a reassuring smile and offers to lead them to their loved one’s room.
“Angels are watching over him.” Gabriel tells him seriously.
They start spending the weekends together, alternating who drives. Cas will go to work early on Fridays and work until the afternoon, then drive to Kansas as fast as he can. Dean will work until his shift is over and then start driving straight from work, no matter how tired he is.
“It uh, it protects against the things that go bump in the night.” Dean tells him, rubbing the back of his neck with one hand. “You should put it around your windows and doors. I just thought since you know now, you should know how to fend for yourself a little.”
Dean walks Cas to the door, and it shouldn’t give him butterflies but it does.  Dean gives him a tiny smile and a wave goodbye, and Cas wishes that he didn’t have to leave.
Wow, so I'm back ! I'm so sorry I haven't updated in so long, my laptop has been broken :( It's fixed now though !
“Twice in one day, huh?” Dean jokes, chuffing a laugh and then wincing when it aggravates his wounds.
“I quit my job.” Dean says, looking up from the tv.
It seems so strange to him now just to be able to do whatever he wants- he can sleep in a comfortable bed, or listen to music, or watch tv. There’s no one waiting to beat him to a pulp, or yell vulgar things to him. Perhaps the weirdest thing was the lights and the colors. He spent four years in darkness and filth, and the two weeks in a bleached white hospital. But here, everything was bright and colorful, cheerful even. All of it was a shock to Dean’s system, and most of the time it left him just wanting to sleep the next four years away.
Dean flushes and doesn’t respond.
Dean starts grinding harder, in small circles. The friction feels so good, he doesn’t think he could stop if he wanted to. The small crescendo in the pit of his abdomen is building, and he goes faster, chasing his release. He feels white hot, on the brink of coming just by Cas’ hands rubbing circles into his hips and the feel of his body underneath him.
He pushes Cas onto his back and climbs in his lap, feeling a lot more confident now. He tugs Castiel’s shirt off and tosses it aside, kissing and nipping down the smooth skin of his chest. Dean wants to make Cas feel as good as he does. He involuntarily starts grinding slowly into Cas’ lap, drawing a long moan from him. Cas grips at Dean’s hips, tugging him closer.
Dean cuts him off. “I know, I came to pick
“It’s a
He does wish that he had a normal job though, which is the first time that he’s had thoughts like that. He loves helping people, he really does, but he also wishes that had more time for a social life- specifically, more time with Dean.
“You got guts, kid.” Dean claps him on the back and walks off.
Dean watches his boyfriend feed the little boy, a smile playing on his lips. “You’re a natural. Thought you said you were the youngest sibling?” Cas shifts the baby to burp him, giving Dean an answering smile. “I am, but I love kids.” The whole scene is so achingly sweet that it tugs on something in Dean’s chest. He hates that it’s been less than 24-hours and he’s already thinking that he could get used to this. He knows it’s going to crush himself and Castiel both when the baby’s parents are found.
“It was no problem. And thank you for the lovely dinner.” Cas bids them farewell and heads out to his car.
Sam has met Cas a few times now, and he can see how good he is for Dean. They’re opposites, yet they fit together like puzzle pieces.
It’s early winter now, and the pair spends most of their days in Dean’s room. They mostly watch 80’s movies or ‘Dr.Sexy, M.D.’ Sometimes they listen to music, or ‘talk’- Cas speaks and Dean writes. He hasn’t spoken again since that day, but Cas doesn’t pressure him. He recognizes that it’s Dean’s defense mechanism and that he’ll speak when he’s ready. It isn’t weird though, being with silent Dean. It’s kind of nice to have someone who doesn’t feel the need to fill every silence.
Happy Friday ! Here's another chapter to celebrate the weekend :)
Cas squeezes his hand. “Me too.”
Cas was so scared when he couldn’t find Dean in the platoon. He was even more afraid when they told him he was in the infirmary tent. His relief came soon enough when he found him sitting up and complaining, a little worse for the wear but nothing unmanageable. He had gotten shot the week before, and was still recovering. He swore up and down to him that he would recover faster now that he had seen him, and Cas believed him. Dean recited the quote back to him “Don’t forget Cas. That’s us.” Cas reluctantly told Dean that he would be leaving at the end of the month, to go back to the States…for good. He doesn’t want to leave Dean here, but he doesn’t have another choice. The mission is over, and there’s nothing he can do. He’s surprised though, when Dean smiles.
They’re quiet for several minutes before Dean speaks again. There is something else that has been on his mind for weeks now, and he almost rushes to get the words out while the invisible wall is broken down between them at the moment.
"Hey, Sammy. What's up ?" Dean invites him in. It's been a long time since they've just been normal brothers.
Dean has been here for four months, he enlisted directly after 9/11. It’s like another level of Hell- the heat, the sand, the sounds, the blood…..This is war, and Dean won’t ever forget it. They’ve been stationed in this camp two weeks so far, surrounded by the desert and the relentless sun. It’s not the worst conditions they’ve been in so far, but not the best either. Which, out here, is pretty damn good. He sits on a rock, drinking dirty water out of his canteen, something he’s still getting used to. He thinks about Sam, about his face when Dean told him he was joining the army. The confusion there, the pain, the fear; nothing at all like the proud look his father gave him. It took joining the military to get that man’s attention and approval. Some days he feels privileged, and other days he regrets ever having the thought to join the army in the first place. He misses the little things, like clean water, good food, long, hot showers. He misses driving, smoking a cigarette, hell, even grass….Everything is the same here, bleached by the sun and weathered by the heat. The only way to tell the difference between the camps is by the direction the sun sets.
Dean sits up sharply “Not goodbye. See you later.”
“Cas really likes you, you know.” Gabriel tells him, taking a bite of a piece of licorice that he seemingly pulled from nowhere. “You break his heart…” He motions his hand across his throat, making a sharp sound. “That’ll be the end of ya.” Dean nods, completely understanding the big-brother act. Hell, he’s done it himself many times.
Dean loves the way Cas just accepts him and all of his flaws. He doesn’t mind that Dean doesn’t always want to go out, or do anything really. Cas will sit with Dean and stare at the wall if he wants to.
Dean isn’t used to so many people being around. Doctors, nurses, even his family. It’s a bit much after four years practically living in solitude. He doesn’t speak anymore, hasn’t for two years now. It’s kind of a problem now that he’s back in civilization, especially when he’s trying to communicate with his doctors. Really, he just wants his old iPod so that he can drown out the world and recollect himself. Everything is too bright here, too loud, too much….He turned on the news earlier and heard his story told a hundred different times, a hundred different ways. Poor Dean, brave Dean, alive Dean, older Dean. He wants to tell them that he’s just Dean. He wants to be just Dean again.
The fact that Cas, an Angel, has (probably) seen his gay porno mags, the guy who is oblivious and yet could tell that he has a slight crush on Benny, is enough to add another piece of coal to his ever-present self-hatred fire/pity party combo. Dean feels that he has enough on his plate without worrying about whether half the town can tell that he’s into men just as much as he’s into women. His identity has always been beautiful women, fast cars, and loud music, and frankly, without that identity, Dean doesn’t know who he is.
After that week of rest, Castiel is feeling a lot better and more energetic. Dean has arranged for he and Sam to meet at his place so he can cook them dinner. Cas is less apprehensive for this meeting than he was the first time, and he finds himself cracking jokes about his leftover, healthy organs.
Hope this was alright for you guys. Also, I hope that I'm not portraying trauma or mental illness as "easy" or easy to get through. That wasn't my intention if it comes across that way.
Cas has had a stomachache all day, but he’s convinced it’s just nerves. He paces around his house, worried about being able to consume the dinner they will be eating with Dean’s brother. He knows that his younger sibling is very important to Dean, and he irrationally worries that Sam won’t take a liking to him. He’s talked to his own brother, Gabriel, on the phone twice already, Gabe trying to calm him down and reassure him. The pain in his stomach gets stronger the closer it gets to the time they will all be meeting. Sam and Dean are driving together and Cas is meeting them at a casual restaurant.
“Swayze killed it in that movie. I mean, c’mon, who doesn’t love it?!” Dean sounds slightly defensive, but relaxes quickly. “Honestly, I think it was his pants. Those pants killed it in that movie.” He raises his eyebrows suggestively, with an almost flirty smile. “Nobody puts baby in a corner!”
Cas’ heart drops. Dean doesn’t remember him….he doesn’t remember their first time, or their first I love you…he doesn’t remember all the nights they spent in Afghanistan together.
Dean doesn’t answer, just curls up on the couch. It’s embarrassing, how he can’t do anything anymore without freaking out. Sam brings him new clothes, and he goes into the bathroom to get cleaned up. He comes back out and has to tell his family about how he left the house in the middle of the night for no apparent reason, in the cold, to go for a walk in the woods. And then how he stepped on a dead animal and scared the shit out of them.
“I always was a sucker for blue eyes.” Dean smirks, a bit of his natural flirty side slipping through.
That thought makes him think back to his rescue- he had been sleeping when he heard the footsteps upstairs. He hadn’t heard any in so long, and they startled him awake. There was more than one pair of footsteps. The sound of the locks on the door to the basement being busted made him cringe back into a corner of the dusty space. More footsteps sounded, on the stairs this time, and they seemed to echo around the mostly-empty room. A flashlight beam had swept along the length of the darkness, searching. Dean had remembered wanting to call out so badly, but being unable to find the courage or the voice. The moment he heard the voice, he knew that it was Sheriff Mills. Dean had crawled out of his meager hiding space and shown himself, much to the shock of Jodi and the other officers. They had carefully ushered him upstairs and outside, to wait for the ambulance. He remembers hearing all the phone calls and the police radios, all the shocked voices and pitying looks.
Dean and Cas have been dating going on nine months now. They met in late August and became official sometime in November. It’s now the early days of June, summer seeming to pop up overnight. This particular day is a hot one, over ninety degrees and the two men decide to hit a local bar to hang out and cool off.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam Winchester has noticed a change in his brother lately. Besides the obvious mention of a new name- ‘Cas’, Dean calls his new friend- his brother seems lighter somehow. Sam and their mother converse quietly that they think it is good for Dean to have a new companion. Sam secretly believes it’s more than just a friendship, but he keeps it to himself. The past few Sunday dinners have consisted of Dean telling them almost exclusively about Cas, instead of his usual griping about work.
“I think I can use that to my advantage.”
“You know….I’m sorry.” He confesses. His blue eyes fill with tears faster than he can swallow them back. “I should’ve done more. It should’ve been me instead.” His hand drops from Dean’s hair into the water with a plopping sound.
They go out to a restaurant way out of town, a tavern of sorts. They sit at the bar and drink beers, and they eat big greasy burgers and huge baskets of fries. Dean is laughing again, and his eyes crinkle at the corner where he smiles. It’s been months since Cas has seen him this way, and his heart swells with the sight. Maybe things will be okay again…
That shuts Cas up for a minute.
Castiel really likes Sam, even if they’ve only been conversing for about an hour. He’s very different from Dean, but not in a bad way. They watch Dean cook for a few minutes, Castiel just as fascinated as he is every time. His boyfriend is making homemade pizza, even starting the dough from scratch. He tosses it in the air, catching it again with skill. He winks at Cas. Sam rolls his eyes, “Don’t let him fool you, Castiel, he’s done that hundreds of times.”
“Thanks Missouri. I owe it all to you guys, and Cas of course.” He glances back at Cas, who is filling out some paperwork.
“Yeah, short stack. But right now we have bigger fish to fry, eh?” He gestures to himself.
to find ! All of them are !” He practically attacks Cas with a hug “Thank you so much.”
Dean pulls Castiel into an unexpected hug, burying his tear-streaked face in his shoulder. Cas rubs his back lightly, feeling the ridges and grooves of his scars even through the gown. They stay like that for several minutes before Cas helps Dean to settle back down and take a breather.
Dean is sitting in his room, pretending to watch tv with his mom and Sam. In reality, they’re all sitting there awkwardly, pretending that they didn’t just hear the exchange in the hallway. Dean is wishing that Cas wasn’t leaving so that he could apologize to him. He couldn’t even walk down the damn hallway without messing things up, not only for himself, but for a doctor who’s just been trying to help him this whole time. He tells his mom and brother that he’s tired and he just wants to sleep, and they let him get some rest. In all honesty, Dean does more wallowing then he does sleeping, but isn’t that kind of the Winchester way ?
“Mm, breakfast.” Dean says, unwrapping it with a grin that doesn’t quite reach his eyes. “Thank you, Cas.”
He thinks back to when he had asked his parents for a car, stating he would be willing to get a job to help pay for the expenses; although he knew his parents were more than capable of doling out the money without a dent in their pockets. His mother had stated that a vehicle would be ‘impractical’ since they live so close to the high school.
Cas smiles, because that’s typical Dean- worrying about everyone else before himself. “I’m good, thank you. How is your back today ?”
“I’m just scared.” He finally says.
Dean is going home today.
He’s broken from his reverie by the buzz of his phone.
His face looks so hopeful that Dean reluctantly says yes. He showers for the first time in days, then eats lunch with Cas at the table. They go on a walk afterward, holding hands. It’s been a long time since they’ve done any of that, and Dean has to admit, he feels a tiny bit better. He’s really glad he decided to do this when he sees Cas all excited and getting ready for their dinner date.
“You do this all the time? Hunting, what, creatures?”
By some miracle, Cas gets his wish. He gets the choice of a whole entire, blissful full week off for Thanksgiving or for Christmas. He chooses Thanskgiving since it’s closer, and he would love to spend it at the Winchester’s. Right now, the holiday is a little over two weeks away, and Castiel is more than excited to finally have a traditional Thanskgiving dinner. He can’t wait to get up early and help Mary prepare the food, and tease Dean as he makes the pies. It’s going to be perfect.
The pair are settled down across from their new fireplace one night when Cas turns to face Dean, looking unsure.
I still have a lot of plans for this fic, but there won't be more than 20 chapters (total) at most. Comments and kudos are always great encouragement ;)
Dean cooks up pasta with vegetables in it, his go-to recipe when he has his brother Sam over. Sam will gripe if Dean doesn’t feed him something semi-healthy, so this is his compromise meal. He ponders why it feels nice instead of weird that he’s cooking dinner for a near complete stranger. Castiel is easy to get along with- thoughtful, funny, though at times awkward….and nice. The guy is just so damn nice it’s hard not to like him.
Castiel has been excelling at work, so he can’t quite place why he seems to always have a knot in the pit of his stomach. It never leaves, it’s always there like the nagging feeling that something is wrong. He has no idea that one early spring day he will realize how wrong he is about the sense of security he’s been feeling. He gets out of work earlier than expected on this particular day, which /never/ happens. As in, this is only the second time total since Cas has been employed here that this has happened. He stops by a local market to pick up some fresh produce for dinner and picks up some flowers for Dean while he is there as well. He is hardly ever home for dinner anymore, so he wants to make it a special night. He pulls up to his place around 3pm. He sees Dean’s car there as well, but this is not unusual- Dean often gets rides to work. He hums to himself as he unlocks the door and sets the grocery bags on the counter. He heads for the bedroom and flicks on the light, shrugging off his overcoat and tossing it on the bed. The thud it makes sounds different than normal, causing him to turn around.
Before they know it, it’s late fall again, Dean’s favorite time of year.  He loves to rake the yard and then insist that Cas jump in the leaves with him. He makes Cas cider, and in turn Cas will make him homemade pies. They cuddle in front of the fireplace, and they make love on the kitchen floor. Dean wears his layered flannels and jackets, and Cas wears his oversized sweaters. They’re so different, so contrasting, but they fit together so perfectly. Cas’ pale hand belongs nowhere else but tangled between Dean’s tanned fingers, and Dean’s sandy hair belongs nowhere else but mixing with Cas’ dark locks on their pillow.
Dean gives a noncommittal shoulder shrug. “I’m coming back next week.”
They walk to get ice cream, catching their breath from all of their laughter. Dean finally works up the courage to slip his hand into Castiel’s, and it makes both of their eyes shine with excitement. They hold hands even whilst eating their ice cream cones, even if it is a little messy to eat with one hand. Cas feels like he can’t get enough of the feeling of Dean’s calloused hand in his own, and he keeps checking to make sure this is real. He is staring at their intertwined hands for a minute too long when Dean asks him if he is alright.
Cas takes that as a good sign, it couldn’t have been that bad if Dean wants to return. He breathes a sigh of relief. “Let’s go get some ice cream.”
Cas takes Dean back up to his room and helps him get settled, and Pam comes in to check his vitals. His readings will determine if Milton is going to allow him to walk on his own or not. If his blood sugar is too low, for example, then he won’t be allowed to- it could result in him blacking out or fainting. His body presides as a delicate balance, since he lived undernourished for so long.
“You’re good to go, champ.” Pamela tells him with a smile. “I’ll go tell Dr. M and he’ll come double check. She blows him a kiss and goes out into the hall to find Balthazar. She passes by Cas and gives him a thumbs up, and he fist pumps when she turns around.
the quote. “Yeah, yeah it is. I can’t believe you remembered.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Dean is scared. He’s hiding with his men, guns poised and waiting for the command to fire. This is a huge take down, and there are going to be some losses. He’s going to see the men he fights with, some of their own, get killed. He might even get killed himself.
Castiel watches the two brothers drive away.
“Novak ! Go home, now. Your shift is done.” Henriksen is shaking his head, and he grabs the clipboard out of Cas’ hand. “I expect more out of you. And for you, Pamela, my office, now.”
"Honey, are you sure ?" Mary asks in a worried voice. "It might bring back some bad memories for you.."
Dean writes Cas a letter in May
Dinner with the Winchesters is something that Cas has come to enjoy immensely. They’re a real family- they ask about each other’s day, eat homemade meals, talk and laugh together. Cas wishes that he had grown up in a home such as this, instead of a sterile environment with high ceilings and every toy he wanted. They have the American dream- white picket fence, 2.5 kids. Maybe it got interrupted for a while, but now Dean is back and everything is in its place.
“Oh!” Cas reaches for it immediately, desperately hoping that the extra few seconds will mask his teary eyes.
“That’s very good Dean, that means you may be out of here soon.” Cas tells him with a pat on the shoulder. “Want me to wheel you back up ? I’m going there anyway.”
“I’ll be waiting for you the whole time. Everything will be perfect.” Dean tells him over and over.
A few hours later, and Castiel’s car looks….well, as good as it did pre-accident. He offers to pay Dean, to which he scoffs and refuses to take the cash. “No matter what you say, it was partly my fault.” Dean tells him, with a slight wave of the hand signaling ‘it was no biggie, anyway’. “The least I could do.” He shrugs and leans against it, dusting his hands off with a rag. “You know, the car could definitely use a lot more work.” Cas tells him with a half-smile. “That I would insist on paying you for, of course. That is, if you aren’t too busy…” He trails off, suddenly feeling embarrassed. Dean will probably tell him to take it to a mechanic, like any normal person would do. He's mere seconds away from collecting the keys and reversing all the way home if it will keep him from having to hear Dean politely decline. But Dean just smiles “Actually, that would be great. I haven’t worked on a project car in ages.”
“He looks different.” Sam finally says. “Not even older, not that much. But he used to be really tan….and he had freckles on his nose. I guess it’s weird seeing him without a smile, too.”
“They can’t judge you without knowing you. They would understand if they knew. It’s perfectly normal to have PTSD Dean, you went through something very traumatic for a very long time. No one expects you to be 100% fine. It hasn’t even been a year yet.” Cas tries to reason with Dean, but he knows that Dean is beating himself up.
It’s only a few months later when Dean starts remembering. And with the memories comes worse PTSD than before, coupled with depression and anxiety. It’s hard for Cas to watch him fall down the rabbit hole- and nothing he seems to do can stop him.
Things get a little easier with Cas’ letters, but not by much. The war is still terrible, the water is still dirty, and people are still dying. Afghanistan is still Hell.  This deployment is so much different from the last; he knows what to expect this time. He knows what to watch out for, who to watch out for. It makes it both easier and harder to cope. He’s still fighting off his personal demons and PTSD, and coupled with the dangers of the war, it’s no walk in the park. But Dean believes that he’s here for a reason- he has to, he can’t let himself believe that he left Cas for nothing. He has his own personal journey that he feels like he must follow before he can live the apple pie life he’s been chasing all this time. Maybe Dean wouldn’t feel this way if he had never enlisted in the first place. But sometimes, the wrong choices bring us to the right places.
“You need to go home, brother.” One look at Dean, who is sleeping peacefully, and Cas agrees. He needs to try to distance himself, he’s becoming too attached to a patient. He’s a professional, for God’s sake, it’s practically the first rule of becoming a doctor.
“Do you do a lot of cooking?” Cas watches the deft way Dean moves around the kitchen, completely sure of himself.
, for God’s sake, thinking that he hated him.
“Ooo, child, look at you now.” Missouri says, shaking her head. “Come over here and give me some love.” She pulls Dean into a hug. “You look great honey.”
“I love you…” Castiel’s voice sounds like a plead. “I know I should have said it earlier. I’m not just saying it because of…because of this. I mean it. Please, Dean, I love you…” Dean’s hand twitches in response. “Stay with me.” Cas tells him. “We’ll be at the hospital soon. It will be just like when I went, you’ll be fine.”
“Hey, I’ll give you a ride, hop in.”
“His appendix would have burst with half an hour if he hadn’t gotten to the hospital.” The doctor continues. “He’ll make a full recovery.” Dean and Gabriel sigh in relief.
Or at all.
It has been decided that they’ll have a backyard wedding here at the house, and the reception will be held here as well. It’s going to be a late evening wedding, with sparkling lights wrapped around the trees and lanterns hanging everywhere. They custom ordered a silk aisle-way to lead up to the altar, and they’re renting white folding chairs and some banquet tables. The live music will be a pianist and then a local band later on. That’s as far as they’ve gotten on the planning, but they’re in no rush. Both Dean and Cas want everything to be absolutely perfect.
They go home and take a bubble bath together, talking about the wedding and when they’re going to tell everyone. Afterward, Dean leads Cas to the bedroom. He kisses him passionately, his tongue sliding into his mouth, tasting. He nibbles and sucks Cas’ bottom lip, before moving onto his neck. He makes tiny love bites and marks. “Gotta mark you up, so everyone knows you’re mine.” Cas shivers, and then switches their position so he’s on top. He runs his hands down Dean’s sides slowly, then cradles his hips. He kisses down his toned chest, stopping to lick teasingly over Dean’s nipples. Dean moans softly, so responsive to Cas’ touch. Cas kisses over his ribs, hot, open mouthed kisses. He nips at his hips, tracing Dean’s V lines with his tongue. Dean arches up against him, “Cas, stop teasing me.” His voice is husky with lust. Cas smiles against his skin and kisses lower. He pins Dean’s hips down and takes his length into his mouth, an inch at a time. Dean moans loudly and squirms. Cas peeks up at him and bats his lashes as he hollows his cheeks and sucks, moving down and then back up again, tantalizingly slow. He hums, and adds his hand to stroke the part that he can’t fit. Cas swirls his tongue and licks at the head, knowing how much it drives Dean crazy. He pulls off and Dean whines “Baaaabe.”
He hates to admit it, but the band actually /is/ pretty good. It’s not even necessarily Castiel’s type of music, but they sound good, even he can hear that. Dean seems really into it, bobbing his head. The area fills up fast with people as the sun goes down. They get some food from a food truck as they wait out the intermission. Cas is just happy to be spending time with Dean
“I get home in October. I’ll come see you, in your fancy house in South Carolina,” Dean promises. “With your aquarium and your personal library and the stupid Backstreet Boys CD’s you still have under your bed.” He laughs and gives him a big smile, like its already a done deal. Like there isn’t a chance that he’ll die before he gets there.
Sam is planning their honeymoon with Jess and Charlie, Dean and Cas’ friend. He’s planning on Australia, because both Dean and Cas have always wanted to go there. Sam wants them to fly there and back, but Charlie and Jess think a cruise would be better. They bicker about it until Missouri Moseley shows up at their doorstep, shaking her head. “What are you fools fightin’ about ?” Missouri is a very close family friend, and has been involved in quite a bit of the wedding planning. All three of them explain the situation to her, and she settles it by saying they can take a cruise ship there and fly home.
Back at their place, Cas is struggling every bit as much as Dean. He has a hard time getting out of bed most days. Now that he’s experienced everything with Dean, nothing seems quite right without him. Dean gave him a taste and now Cas is craving him, but he can’t have him for so long. And he worries, so much it makes him physically ill sometimes. He’s practically waiting for a phone call that says Dean’s coming home in a body bag. He thinks about these things late at night, until he’s crying and clutching Dean’s pillow. He stays on his own side of the bed, as if Dean is still occupying his. Cas runs out to get the mail every day, and whenever he sees a letter addressed to him in Dean’s handwriting, it’s like a miracle. Dean’s letters have been changing lately, in a way that Cas can’t explain. They’ve been shorter, but that’s because Dean is busy. Mostly, he thinks that Dean speaks more about how the war
“It’s okay…don’t strain yourself.” The dark-haired man reassures him, patting his forearm soothingly.
“Nothing, I’m just nervous about giving everyone their gifts.” Dean reassures him.
Mary pulls him into a hug. "I love you sweetheart. Your father and I will look into it."
After cleaning up, they lay together in exhausted silence as they wait for sleep to come. Castiel already knows the nightmares will be gone tonight- he feels peace like he hasn’t known since before the incident. Dean falls asleep first, and Cas watches him for a few minutes before his own eyes drift closed.
“Time for what ?” Cas asks, confused.
“Absolutely. Maybe you could even come see my place.” Cas offers him a shy smile, the one that only comes out every so often.
Things continue like that for months more- the dreams, the confusion…But Cas is there every step of the way. Dean doesn’t mind now, he sees things as a fresh start. He really likes Cas and they do all the things of a regular couple, apart from intimacy and “I love you’s.” They go out together, have movie nights, they even sleep in the same bed now. It’s basically everything Dean has never had before- the white picket fence life. Cas works, but for now Dean doesn’t because he gets compensation for being injured in the war. He secretly likes it, it means he gets to cook meals for Cas and do things to make him happy. He notices all the little things about him, and pays extra special attention. Cas likes to wear mis-matched socks on purpose. He likes ravioli but hates lasagna. He likes space and the ocean. Stupid comedy shows don’t interest him, yet he’ll watch a documentary on hyenas for Christ sake. All of these things are traits that Dean has come to know and identify as Cas. Things he’s come to know…and love.
Dean was on his way home from his mother’s house like any typical Sunday evening. Sunday dinners were a tradition created after his father passed three years ago of a heart attack- Dean and his brother’s way of keeping their mom from feeling too alone. He rounded the corner onto the long dusty road that would take him back to his place, when he realized too late that there was a car too close in front of his beloved Impala. The front end of his car bumped into the large, God-awful yellow one almost directly around the bend. Dean can now see that the car has its hazard lights flashing, and really, what an awful spot to break down. The car is positioned so close to the turn that it is almost impossible to see around the bushes. This has clearly created the predicament that Dean is now in. Although he slammed the brakes on, he was too late to avoid rear-ending the poor bastard. Luckily he hadn’t been going too fast, but he still worries for his Baby as he thrusts the car into park and exits the vehicle.
“When’s the last time you had a tune-up on this thing?” Dean slides out from underneath the vehicle to meet Cas’ eyes.
Cas ordered five records online, but it’s the day before Christmas Eve and only four have arrived. He works the night before Christmas, but has Christmas day itself off. He’ll be spending part of it with his own family, and then heading to the Winchester’s for dinner and present exchange. He’s nervous to give Dean and his family their gifts. He got Sam a signed copy of a book by one of his favorite authors, Carver Edlund. For Mary he bought a new cookware set, and for John, a brown leather jacket.
Cas listens for a long time without interrupting Dean, and when he finally seems to have said all he needs to, Cas pauses, choosing his words carefully. “Maybe…you should see someone in a more permanent setting.” His tone is his comforting medical professional voice. He doesn’t look Dean in the eye as he says this. “Like, a mental hospital? You’re sending me away?” Dean sounds horrified. He stands up quickly, breaking his boyfriend’s hold on him.
Castiel helps Dean stand up, IV pole in hand, and slowly walk a little around the room. “Take it easy, Dean. If you get too tired, let me know. There’s a wheelchair in the hall waiting if you need it, and oxygen again if you feel like that will help.” He keeps a light hand underneath Dean’s elbow to support him. He does fine with small steps around the room, and assures Cas that he’s ready for more. They walk down the hall, with Dean using the handrail every once in a while for support.
He walks past Dean’s room and sees that it’s empty. He walks in on a whim and sits down after checking his stats. He hasn’t seen Dean’s eyes open once yet, and he fears that he’ll wake up alone and scared. Castiel must have been sitting there for almost twenty minutes when someone appears in the doorway. A lanky kid with long brown hair, clutching what looks like a small stuffed giraffe.
It is 1pm on a Tuesday when someone knocks on the front door of the home he and Cas share. Dean answers it after dragging himself from bed after the tenth knock. Even his lackluster curiosity has got him wondering who would keep knocking when someone clearly does not want to answer it or isn’t home. He opens the oak door to find Meg, his former therapist. She pushes her way inside without a greeting. “I had a feeling I’d find you here. The garage says you stopped showing up. Wanna tell me why that is? Wanna confirm my hunch that Cas doesn’t know about this?” A barrage of sharp-toned questions fly from her mouth. Her arms are crossed over her chest- she’s clearly pissed. Dean pulls the blanket around his shoulders tighter over his body and braces himself for the tongue-lashing she is likely to continue giving him. He motions for her to sit; he has enough sense still left in his rotting brain to know she won’t be leaving without at least a conversation first.
Unnerving, downright cold, and unmistakably yellow eyes.
“Yeah, well, that don’t mean he’s gonna be beheading his own wolves anytime soon.” He hands a small bag to the backseat, and the dark haired boy grabs it from him.
Dean goes straight back to bed when she leaves.
(See the end of the chapter for
” Dean asks in a rush. John comes up behind his son and puts a hand on his shoulder.
“Yes, thanks. And I have a question for you…why do you choose to hang around in this Hell hole ?” That question has been weighing on his mind since he first met Cas. Cas in general has been in the back of his brain, he’s been itching to know if he’d ever see him again. Now his question was answered.
He re-enters the kitchen a few minutes later. “Is everything okay?” Cas tilts his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean wonders how long the letter will take to reach Cas, and what he’ll think of it. He hopes that Cas will remember saying “keep this as a real, touchable, personified version of us,” back when he first ripped the page out of that book for Dean. He’s never forgotten that night.
“But how…” Castiel knows he sounds idiotic, unable to form a complete sentence, but Dean just pulls him up.
After almost a month of spiraling down into a pit of depression, Dean finds his reason -Cas. He wants to see him, and he made a promise.
“No, nothing that serious. He was very lucky.”
Here it is, the LONG awaited final chapter...
“Babe, you’re so beautiful.” Cas murmurs, mouthing at the skin of Dean’s throat. They’re laying tangled together on the couch now, panting against each other’s mouth.
When they get to the bridge, they crouch down behind a scraggly bush. “Don’t let her see us.”
Cas speeds all the way to the grocery store- he could hear in Dean’s voice that something was majorly wrong. When he arrives, it takes him a minute to find Dean. He’s sitting on the floor, half curled up, breathing roughly and clearly trying very hard to hold it together. Patrons of the store have stopped to stare, and Cas shoos them away.
Five minutes pass before Dean tries again. “Cas.” He finally croaks out his boyfriend’s name. The corners of his mouth turn up in triumph, and his eyes peek open once again.
“Dr. Sexy, really ?” Cas laughs, but pulls a chair up anyway. “Here’s your water.”
Castiel isn’t entirely sure what being ‘in’ entails, but if it could potentially help Dean, then he’s definitely in.
“Hey, you can’t tell anyone, alright? It could be dangerous for them, you know, amateurs and all that.”
Dean turns to Cas “How long have we been dating ?”
?” Castiel asks for the third time.
Cas puts a hand over his mouth, trying not to cry. “Yeah, that was…uh, that was a quote that I gave to you when we were in Afghanistan together. You kept it with you for the longest time, I don’t know where it is now.”
He’s already a state away before he turns around and starts driving back.
“I know it sounds strange. But I saw them plain as day.” He tells her.
Dean shakes his head and turns toward him, holding up his whiteboard “How are you ?”
The pair meet unspokenly at the same spot a few more times before Dean’s platoon moves. It’s nice for Dean to talk to someone other than a soldier in his unit, and it’s equally as nice for Cas to talk to someone who doesn’t talk incessantly about the bible and God’s plan for their mission group.
“Thank you.” Dean hugs Bobby. He examines the watch, and feels a pang of hurt. He misses his dad a lot, and he wishes he could be here to see him get married. He likes to think that he’d be proud of him now.
Dean could swear he heard the faint telltale sound of air displacement that signals Castiel is nearby, but he brushes it off in favor of giving himself over to the current moment. It’s been a short while since he’s had any action, but tonight he went out with the sole intention of bringing someone home.
“Hey, how about we relax fellas, huh?” Dean snips at them, clearly losing his patience. The men just laugh in response, as if Dean has told a joke. Cas watches his boyfriend, seeing the tension in his whole body. “Dean…”
Cas feels a touch on his ass, but it feels wrong- it’s definitely not Dean’s hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
On this particular night, Dean has woken up from a nightmare, and pressed his call button.
Bobby sits Dean down late one afternoon. “Listen, boy. There’s something of your Dad’s that he wanted me to give you…I think now is the right time.”
The boy walks in slowly, as though he’s preparing himself. He sucks in a breath when he sees Dean, his eyes tearing up. “I’m…I’m Dean’s brother, Sam.” He says to Cas. “Thanks for watching him.”
Dean starts improving in leaps and bounds, and with everything going on in his life he doesn’t have time to regress anymore. He got a job as an auto body detailer now, and he takes Sam out for fun things, and goes on dates with Cas frequently.
He watches the outside world that he’s missed so much, listening to the old rumble of his favorite car. He flashes back to being seventeen for a moment; joy riding the car down a back road at night, trying to impress a girl in the passenger seat. He was so carefree back then, confident and...happy.
(See the end of the chapter for
“As.” Dean is getting frustrated at himself.
Dean leans over Cas, gently shaking his shoulder. The sky is almost dark now, and dinner must be ready. Cas’ eyes open just inches from Dean’s face, and he finally gets a close up of those blue eyes that haunt his dreams. Dean stands up and holds a hand out for him. Cas gladly takes it and flashes Dean a smile when he stands up. They walk back together in silence.
“If he doesn’t accept you for who you are, then I don’t think he’s worth it as a friend. And for the record, if there is a God, I don’t think it matters to him who you love.” Cas doesn’t answer, and they lay together in silence for a while, staring up at the sky. “Do you ever think about the fact that people back home are looking at the same sky ? They’re seeing the same stars as we are, right now.” Dean looks at Cas as he tells him this. Cas never reacts to things the way he expects them to; he wonders if now will be any different. He doesn’t say anything for a few minutes, and at first Dean doesn’t think that he heard him, but then he speaks.
It's been a while since I've posted a Destiel story... leave a comment or a kudos to let me know if you are enjoying it!
A lot of people are intimidated by being alone with someone who is injured or sick in the hospital, especially young people like Sam. Cas nods and pulls a chair up beside him. He watches Sam place the worn giraffe on Dean’s bedside. “Mom says it was his favorite when he was really little.” He tells Cas, not taking his eyes off Dean. “Her and my Dad are in the waiting room. She said she doesn’t know if she can handle seeing him like this.” He looks down at his hands, then back up at Cas. “How is he doing ? You can tell me, the honest truth.”
And that was how Dean Winchester was saved.
Cas feels immediately guilty, but he keeps his promise to Dean. “There’s only one way to find out.”
“You look great. A lot better.” He says, sitting beside him.
That stings Dean, and he starts throwing stuff in a bag. “See you later, Cas.”
His candid confession shocks both of them.
Castiel is wide awake after the phone call, partly from the wired state of his mind and partly from conditioning to being up at this hour. He lets Dean sleep while he cleans the place top to bottom, just for something to do. When he is finished with that task, he gives Meg a call. She can’t disclose much information to him due to patient confidentiality, but she agrees to let Cas attend some of their sessions if Dean gives permission.
Comments and kudos are always appreciated. Thank you all for reading! There will more than likely be a few more chapters to finish out this story.
For Dean, Cas is a guardian angel. He keeps him company and makes him laugh, even when he feels like breaking down and crying. All his other friends haven’t even made an attempt to see him since the kidnapping, but he doesn’t feel like he needs them with Cas around.
when Cas gets the phone call from the military officer.
“You made this ?! It’s
Castiel gives him a wide, brilliant smile. “Hi there, handsome.”
“I….want to take a shower.” Dean tells him, shifting uncomfortably on the couch.
A few minutes later and Dean is resting in a warm bath full of bubbles. Cas sits on a pillow on the floor next to the tub. He uses a loofah and softly scrubs Dean’s back. “That feels so good.” Dean’s voice sounds reverent. “Thank you.” He adds softly. Castiel cards his hand through Dean’s wet hair. “No trouble at all.”
The smell of urine hits Castiel’s nostrils.
‘Not a date.’ Dean repeats to himself.
“You’re right, I didn’t ask for this, but I am grateful. You’re a good man, righteous and glorious.”
They fill him in on what he’s missed these past years, and he drinks in as much of it as he can. Everyone else is talking so much, it seems like they’re trying to fill his own silence. He excuses himself before everyone else and goes upstairs to be alone. He climbs into bed and puts on his old iPod, the sound of ‘Stairway to Heaven’ lulling him back to sleep.
“No!” Cas’ automatic response stems from fear. “I’ll follow behind.” The pair makes their way to the front door, where the sound seems to originate from. Dean sticks his ear up to the door, before the sound on the other side prompts him to open it.
Castiel never returns back to his own home after those few weeks at Dean’s house. They never really acknowledge it, but nearly all of Castiel’s stuff is moved in now, and he stays there every night. Gabriel has decided to put his place in Colorado up for sale, and is in the process of moving his stuff in his younger brother’s house. Cas graciously offered it to him and he accepted, toying with the idea of opening some sort of restaurant in town. Gabriel has always been a smart investor, and he has some money set aside for a business venture- this seems like the perfect time to put it to use.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Dean....yes you are. You're gorgeous, you're perfect. And not just your looks ...everything about you." Cas looks at him sadly. "Please believe me. I wouldn't lie to you."
It gives Dean hope that he can move past everything and have a normal life.
“I had a good time. We should do this again.” Dean makes a last ditch effort.
“And why is it good news that Child Protective Services is coming here?” Dean asks, bouncing the baby on his knee.
Garth waits for him to continue.
Dean goes to stay with Sam until his deployment at the end of the month. It’s good to see his brother again, good to spend time with him before he leaves for war, again…He is a soldier, and once a soldier, always a soldier. He needs to fight for his country, and that’s not something he could ever explain to Cas. He can only hope that one day he’ll understand. He often thinks about Cas screaming “I hate you !” It’s the last memory he has of him before he goes back.
“You’ll be extra careful from now on, right ?” Dean asks him. “Or I could drive you to work. Or wrap you in bubble wrap.” He laughs quietly.
“Great, I’m going to go home and shower, and then we can go down to the lake. There’s a local band playing, and they’re pretty good. A couple of my buddies will be there…I thought you could meet them.” Dean seems pretty excited about this prospect, and although Castiel is nervous, there’s no way he could say no. Not that he wants to. They work out the details and by 7pm, they’re on a dirt road heading down to ‘the lake’, as Dean as referred to it as.
Castiel unintentionally watches as the blonde man lightly pins his companion to the wall. Dean kisses the woman several times before they make their way down the short hallway to Dean’s bedroom. The Angel hears the door click softly shut, followed several seconds later by the distinct sound of a male moan- Dean.
Cas’ letter gets returned, Dean’s platoon isn’t stationed in the same place anymore. It takes Dean a few weeks to send Cas a letter from the new location. Cas re-sends his, and Dean’s responds come sooner this time, and longer. It’s a pleasant change; it’s almost like having the old Dean back.
Sam calls his longtime girlfriend Jessica immediately to tell her the news. First, he boasts that his hunch was right, and then he spends almost twenty minutes delightedly telling her (as if she doesn’t already know) that Dean has never asked him for something like this. Dean’s ‘friend’ must be really something for him to ask Sam a favor like that.
“It can be a lot.” Sam says sympathetically. “And I’m sorry about Dean, he can be ...harsh.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes.” Dean says tightly, but then turns up the radio. No one speaks for the rest of the ride.
“Hey Dean, mind if I sit ?”
“Fire !”
On a lonely day in November, he’s sitting in his living room re-reading his favorite book when someone knocks on his front door. He assumes it’s his older brother, Gabriel, but when he opens the door, he finds Dean.
Sam checks his watch, “Shoot, Dean is probably outside to pick me up. I’ll see you tomorrow, okay?”
He reminds himself that somewhere, Dean is looking at them too.
Dean dreams that he’s back in Afghanistan, watching one of their own go down. Blood flows out of him, and he’s dying even as Dean runs toward him. When he gets close enough, it’s not Henrikson or Lafitte laying there, it’s Cas, his face contorted in a mask of pain. “Help me” He begs Dean, but the life is leaving him faster than Dean can save him. He tries so hard to stop the bleeding, but Cas flops around with the reactions happening in his body, and he dies just as Dean is saying “Don’t leave me.” Cas’ begging fills Dean’s ears, and he’s crying in Cas’ bed, face buried in the pillow. Cas is there to comfort him, wrapping his arms around him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Gone? You mean you guys travel and do this?”
Castiel watches as a younger guy beheads a snarling wolf right in front of them.
“No….yes. Well, no, not today.” Castiel’s voice is small and his tone reluctant, but he leans into the blonde man’s embrace. It takes fifteen minutes of coaxing before the dam holding back Cas’ emotions breaks. He ends up crying on the couch to a bewildered Dean who is trying to piece together the blubbering. “A-and… you were….bleeding and I…” Cas stutters out, feeling even more terrible to release this on someone who was brutally attacked and actually went through the trauma.
Cas gives himself away when he winces as Dean hugs him outside of the establishment.
Dean wakes up one morning and decides that he wants to go out. He recruits Sam and they get into the Impala, en route to a local coffee shop. It’s been too long since Dean has driven his baby, and the prospect excites him. He wants to go out today, and not be cooped up in the house, moping around.
The panic in his voice seems to snap Cas into reality. As he looks at Dean, he really /sees/ him for the first time in weeks, perhaps. His eyes are almost sunken into his face, the dark circles beneath them indicative of a combination of the lack of sleep and the intense stress he is now almost sure that Dean is afflicted with. His collar bone seems more prominent-he looks far too close to the Dean Castiel had first met than to the Dean Cas has fallen in love with. Cas sits on the bed, brain still catching up to what his eyes are seeing. Dean stares back at him, flipping the covers over his legs as he moves to get up.
Almost a month later but a new chapter is here folks ! Again, I'm winging it here for plot purposes pertaining to the adoption and the process, so forgive me if it's not 100% accurate :)
Dean can see his body in the light now, and it’s not a pleasing sight to him. He used to be reasonably attractive, but now he’s hideously disfigured. Round cigarette burns litter his forearms, bruises and cuts cover his body, and his back is covered in whip marks and welts. He’s looking down at himself with distaste when someone knocks softly on his open door.
“You need to tell me all about your intentions with my brother.” Gabriel rests a hand on Dean’s shoulder, even though he is the taller man. Sam looks at them with amusement. The two take a walk outside to have a more private conversation.
He is exiting the library when he sees the familiar outline of a sleek black car idling in front of the school.
“Oh Dean…” Cas says this with sadness, but not pity. The sadness stems from the realization that he himself has not been aware that his boyfriend has been suffering so much. It’s so clear to him now.“I’m so sorry.” Dean’s voice is little more than a whisper. He doesn’t only mean that he’s sorry for the bed, but for everything he’s been hiding from his lover. “I lost my job.” He blurts this out even though it’s quite obvious. He cries as Cas helps him change and strip the bed, and then Cas holds him as he confesses everything. He tells him about stopping his therapy sessions, the loss of his job, the visit from Meg, and how hopeless he’s felt. Dean has never felt so ashamed in his life- not even with Alistair. He was a stranger, but Cas is the person he loves most in the world and he has to see him in this condition.
Dean barrels into the room. “Cas !”
“Will you stay for just one episode ?” Dean writes.
It is on the seventh time that they have made a plan to meet that Dean voices his thoughts to Castiel.
Dean is sitting on his bed with his face hidden in his knees when Castiel first comes back to work. He sits next to him and puts a gentle hand on his back. “Champ ?”
Unfortunately, the whole situation has given Castiel something to report to Heaven. He hates the feeling of betrayal that comes with every mention of Dean’s internal sexuality crisis during his guardianship meetings.
Cas answers the unknown call.
“I’m so sorry…” Sam says softly to Cas. He walks up to Dean’s bedside and pulls up a chair. “Dean…that’s your boyfriend, Cas.”
“You know, I think my car might need some more work done.” Cas smiles weakly, even though he knows Dean isn’t awake to see it. “So you might want to wake up soon. Don’t be selfish.” He attempts to crack a joke, hoping with all his might that somehow his words are getting through to Dean. “It’s only been one day and I’m going crazy that I can’t have a conversation with you.” He rubs his thumb over Dean’s hand. The man’s knuckles are also bruised, from punching one of the attackers in the nose.
“Hey, look at the stars Cas.” Dean comments with a smile.
Out in the hall, Sam and Mary wait with Cas, until it’s safe to go into Dean’s room. Cas lets them have their time, and goes to find Pam, still seething.
Cas comes in and puts a gentle hand on Dean’s arm, not grabbing, just resting. “Dean.” He says in a calm voice. “Dean, you’re having a panic attack. Just breathe for me, deep breaths, and Benny and I will stay with you, okay ?” Dean turns his attention from Benny to Cas and visibly tries to calm himself. It doesn’t work for several minutes, but together, Cas and Benny are able to de- escalate him.
“If you put your thumb in the middle of the patty, it won’t shrink when it cooks.” The pair are standing side by side, elbows brushing although the kitchen is quite large. Their sleeves are rolled up, and they are working with raw hamburger to make homemade burgers.
Dean thinks he has his brother and mother fooled that he is simply fixing up the car of a new friend. He doesn’t tell them that sometimes at night he dreams about Castiel- nothing weird, but definitely….different. He and Cas haven’t had a proper ‘hang-out’ together unless it was under the pretense of Cas’ stubborn old Continental. So really, what is there for Dean to tell? Fixing up the car really /has/ been all he’s been doing. He’s met with Castiel five or six times now, all within his garage. Don’t get him wrong, he has had a great time every single time but he sometimes wishes that they could go out in public together. Not a date, but maybe just a different kind of casual hang out.
(See the end of the chapter for
A whole year. Cas can’t believe he’s gone this long without Dean. They should be celebrating their anniversary, not writing letters to each other from countries apart. It’s even harder to believe that he’s known Dean for so long now- going on four years. Even though they’ve been apart for a lot of it, Cas wouldn’t trade a second of it.
Cas is bawling by the first sentence of the letter. He regrets more than ever telling Dean to leave, he could have had weeks of more time with him. He could have heard the first I love you in person, but instead he was a selfish bastard. He sent his boyfriend off to
“I apologize. I wouldn’t be doing it if it wasn’t to help you.” Cas tries to be as gentle but as thorough as possible. He finishes up and replaces Dean’s gown. “Would you like some company ? Or are you tired ?” Cas asks.
“Don’t tell anyone. I’m going to go back to non-speaking, I just…needed to break out of my shell before I shattered completely.” Dean’s reply is muffled by the way his face is hidden.
They stay in the ‘awkward cuddling stage’ for quite a while. They haven’t held hands or kissed yet, but they did go on one date to the movie theater. The movie was terrible and they left early to take a walk in a local park. It was that night that Cas realized he would do anything for Dean. He wanted to give him everything, and in return he just wanted Dean’s happiness. Dean could give him everything back with just one smile. It’s been six months now since he first saw Dean, back at the hospital. Six months that Dean has been released from torture…. He tries not to think that way anymore- Dean is more than just a victim.
“Hi.” He says again, finally shaking his hand. This is Castiel’s brother that he’s heard so much about. It threw Dean off seeing him here- first of all, Cas had told him he didn’t live around here, and second, he looks /nothing/ like his boyfriend. Gabriel has honey eyes and light hair, his skin tone more akin to Dean’s own than to Cas’.
“This is Mary Winchester, Dean’s mom.” Her voice sounds shaky.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas sits on the other side of him, trying not to cry. On one hand, they’re so, so lucky. Dean is home early, and he’s going to be okay. But on the other hand….what if Dean doesn’t love him anymore ?
“Yes!” Cas tells him eagerly. He blushes at the rushed response.
“Dean ? Can you hear me ?” Benny asks, pulling out a pen light to shine in his eyes. Dean lets out a small groan and bats his hand away, getting a chuckle out of Benny. “You passed out, but you’re going to be just fine. Just a little blood pressure problem, nothing we can’t fix.”
They play video games for half the night, and its just like old times.
"What?" I stare at him incredulously.
"You okay Dean?"
I sigh and tell him in a shaky voice, "High school, 10th grade, that's wh-when I knew." I decide there isn't any harm in telling him; all the damage has been done.
"The stars are so beautiful. Isn't it funny how the most beautiful things in this universe weren't made by God?" I jump when Cass appears next to me, staring up at the stars.
The bar is loud, but not like the normal perpetual chatter that most bars have. No, this is more like a fucking symphony of noise raping my ears. The room is crowded, the chewing and constant blabber amplified tenfold in my ears; a ringing repeating the same phrase over and over but the words are unintelligible. It's as if a hiss is coming at me from all directions.
I follow him into a bedroom. He shuts the door behind us and kind of just stares at me. I'm ashamed to admit I'm feeling kind of uneasy. My hands are sweating and I get butterflies in my stomach. I don't know what the hell is wrong with me. I've felt like crying more then I care to admit during this genie fiasco, and now I'm getting nervous being left alone in a room with Cass. Jesus fuck I am a mess.
"Oh yeah. Right." I turn back to say something to Cass, but change my mind and follow Sam.
After dinner, Sam puts Odette to sleep, telling her to go to bed early or Santa won't come, and it was so cute, I couldn't help but think about what life would've been like if I still had Ben. Maybe I could've been a dad.
We talk for a while, and people keep congratulating me on my mashed potatoes, which I apparently made. And not to brag, but they are fucking awesome. And everything is warm and happy.
We sit in awkward silence again for a while. It's so painful I want to jump out the goddamned window. It's dark out, the world mimicking the atmosphere of the car.
Not real, not real. I force my eyes shut and make my way to the exit, reaching for my phone to call Sam, who's back at the goddamn motel doing research or some shit. I press call right as the hand grabs me, and everything goes black.
He trails off and walks away from me, I fall forward a bit, my mind spinning from his words.
I've only had a few drinks at this point— only a few, and despite that I don't remember the last time I got plastered drunk. At the rate I've been drinking I'd have to drink a whole goddamn liquor sore to feel any kind of a buzz. Such is the life of an alcoholic. I admit, I'm an addict. I get going and going and I just can't stop. But not just with drinking; with every goddamn thing.
"Okay, doctor," I say, chuckling, "Where's your grandpa?"
"This is by far the worst idea you have ever had."
When I finally did come back, I couldn't look my dad in the eyes, and it took another month for either of us to even talk to each other. I haven't kissed a boy since then. Have I thought about it? Well, yeah, but I shoved it down. No matter how hard I try, I have this mental strain to do what my dad wanted. Even to this day, years after his death, I still follow his rules and guidelines, because no matter how much of a bastard he was, he always knew best. So as I stand here in the hallway kissing imaginary Cass, a layer of my dad's grasp on me lifts, and I'm finally just me.
Someone clears their throat behind me, I forcefully push Cass away. Sam is standing there. His face has scratches and cuts and his arm is bleeding and he stands there awkwardly, looking between Cass and I.
"I had to go to five different stores to even find any, and when I finally found a place that had some there was only one left and I had to fight a woman off with nails and teeth for it, and I kid you not, she hit me on the head with her purse to get it. Normally I would've let her keep it, but I needed it more. I knew you all were depending on me, so I took it and ran." Cass's story gets everyone kind of riled up and laughing, and I find it strange that that was probably the biggest fight this Cass has ever been in, and that these people's biggest problem was getting a fruit cake for Christmas.
