Dean rolls his eyes and shoots Charlie a withering glare. “All good, Benny.” Charlie bites her bottom lip, but she’s far too agitated to apologize, and dives back into a hushed interrogation.
“That’s ridiculous,” Dean blurts, a little too loud and a little too abrupt, but maybe he’s had a bit too much to drink, and maybe he’s tired of all this polite bullshit. Castiel deserves to be happy. “Do you want to open them now?”
"Looks like someone woke up on the wrong side of the bed," Benny drawls, a laugh in his tone that Dean doesn’t appreciate. "I was checking on your friends who, by the way,
He shoves the thought back. "Fantastic as ever. Did you make it yourself?" Dean flushes as soon as the words leave his mouth. God, what a stupid question—who even asks that?
“Did you, now?” Dean offers him a crooked smile and pushes his free hand through his hair, making it stand on end. “Is there anything you don’t hear about?”
“I'm Victor, by the way. Captain in Amarellino's Royal Army." Dean nods, though he’s not sure what’s going on. He doesn’t fight it, though, following Victor as he leads him to the center of the long, open training area, his heart in his throat. “Guys!” he shouts, drawing the attention of the other soldiers, “Look who I’ve got! Mr.
A shiver works its way through him when they reach the entrance hall, turning the corner as the rest of the suitors, and twice as many guards, come into view.
Dean laughs, nodding along with her. “Balthazar, yes. Quite the treat, that one.” Dean raises an eyebrow with a sly smile. “And what about you? How do you think you’ll do?”
“And his guards just… let you?” They must really be afraid of her to let her get away with that. Not that he blames them, Susie is fucking terrifying.
A cold breeze sinks a chill into his bones as it cuts through his hair, and he decides to pull on his hat, after all, before making his way down to the square, which is closed to the public on most days.
Dean’s heart stutters in his chest when he realizes there are only two spots left. He leans forward now, too, dropping Charlie’s hand and resting his chin on his fists as he waits, still shocked that he’s so high up in the first place.
“We’re going out! Didn’t I tell you?” Charlie huffs, rolling her eyes, but Dean’s pretty damn sure it never came up.
“Very funny,” Castiel says, rolling his eyes on a huff. “Make sure to keep it on you if you ever want to come here.” He heads for the door and Dean follows, taking one last look over his shoulder and cataloging the beauty of the room, almost as if it’s the last time he sees it. Who knows? It might be, but he’s going to do his damndest to memorize the way here on the walk back.
“You are insufferable, boy,” she snaps, apparently forgoing her deep breathing exercises in favour of ripping him a new one. “It is
Anger and fear spring up in equal measure. How could Castiel lie to him like this? How could he say he’d take care of Dean’s family and then just… not? He
"You have your slides and cards," Susie is saying, setting them to the side for Dean, who is far more grateful for her than he'll ever be able to express. "And your slide remote is here; remember, just press this button here. Don't touch anything else."
Lee looks at her, annoyed, judging by the disbelieving smile, but he brushes her off with a, "Fine, get your fancy shit dirty," and a shrug before turning away. "Anyway, you'll be serving the food, so hairnets are mandatory, and there's a box of gloves up front. Make sure you wash your hands regularly, and for the love of God,
He doesn’t have lunch exactly, just a handful of grapes, some crackers and cheese, and a few olives that he doesn’t eat because
a good guy?” Sam quirks a disbelieving eyebrow at Dean, telling him without words that that’s the biggest load of bull-crap he’s ever heard.
Anger still simmers in his veins as he shakes the rain from his hair and strips out of his outerwear, but there’s a steady swell of embarrassment rising up to snuff it out.
he tells him, aware of the guard by the door, watching him like a hawk and listening to every murmured word coming out of his mouth. Sam’s too, he’s sure, with that headset on, he’d bet his left nut she’s listening in. “You don’t need to worry.”
“So, what?” April says, her nose pinching like just the thought leaves a bad taste in her mouth. “He won’t be at dinner?”
“Sounds wonderful,” Castiel whispers, the longing in his tone matching Dean’s as they watch the circle of color. “I was never allowed to dance. Well, I suppose that’s not entirely true; I had lessons up until I turned eighteen, but it was anything but enjoyable.”
“It’s my favorite,” Castiel says, cutting him off as he pats the pocket where the pendant is stored. “The most thoughtful gift I’ve ever received.”
“Really?” Despite his reluctance to hear it, his interest is peaked. Is it really only an hour? Dean would swear he sees Castiel for longer than that, but—
“So, you think that gives you permission to barge in, too?” The guy looks down at his sword, flipping it over in his big, meaty hands as he waits for an answer.
photo he has of Castiel, seconds before the ice cracked beneath his feet—and keeps himself rooted to the hill as the stars rise back to the sky.
"Yes?" He glances up from his pages, eyes wide and a little startled, but he sets it all aside and smiles when he sees that it's Dean standing there. "What can I do for you?"
For the third time in so many minutes, Dean's shocked speechless. Not what he was expecting at all, actually, and now that he's gone about thinking the worst of her, he feels the tiniest bit guilty for it, especially since she's just trying to help.
He stops, cutting himself off with a deep, burning flush and a knot in his stomach. Fuck, why the hell would he think telling
Dean can hardly watch as tears burn his eyes, threatening to spill over as the show ends with him slamming his glass down and storming out. The room is silent as the credits roll, and he tries to hold on—to fight back against the breakdown—but he shakes with it and it's only a matter of time before he shatters under the weight of all this pain.
Castiel steps out from behind the trees, panting and sweating, followed by a guard. “You had us worried,” Castiel huffs, but the relief is clear in his smile as he steps closer.
“So, Dean,” Duma says from behind the camera as Dean sits under the bright lights for his personal interview. It’s hot and he’s sweating already, but he’s so goddamn giddy that it
“Is there a problem here?” Castiel asks as he steps up beside Dean. He meets Dean’s eyes, waiting, but Gerald speaks first.
“Charlie, is it?” The man says, still looking at Dean, but Dean stops, confusion melting his annoyance. “I’m assuming, of course, since you’re the only bloke here.”
The cooler air of the dark barn flows over Dean's exposed skin, making him shiver where he sits. They’re the only two in there—Charlie has probably wandered off to the barracks, and who knows where Hannah is—but Dean’s not complaining, except he isn't quite sure how to get off, and he doesn’t know if asking Castiel for help would be acceptable, so he searches for something to step down onto, but finds nothing.
“A room. For a birthday party.” Dean raises both eyebrows, ignoring the staff member who gives him a weird look as she passes, pushing an over-loaded cart of cleaning supplies. “Tomorrow, preferably.”
In the back of his mind, Dean wonders where Castiel is, his heart aching for his prince, but not enough to go find him. For now, he’s content just where he is, a soft breeze ruffling his hair, his friends at his sides, and food in his belly.
Then, again, slower this time. Dean tastes every part of Castiel’s mouth, opening up to him as the hours unfold around them.
Dean looks out at the ice and the group of ten or twelve four year olds toddling around like pros. “Yeah.”
“Did you tell Cas that?” Sam asks, and Dean’s getting really fucking tired of the tone. “Jerk,” he adds on for good measure, and Dean throws him the finger. Not that he see it, but whatever.
“Being king does not place you above the law.” And that, Dean thinks, is the crux of Castiel’s difference from his father. Chuck loves his power, loves wielding it more, but Castiel knows that power is a responsibility, a burden. It’s what will make him the best king Amarellino has ever had.
After a moment, he nods, letting out a soft sigh before turning to Hannah. “I had a lovely time,” he tells her, smiling soft and sweet, and only for her. Then, to his guards, “Please escort the princess to the ceremony. I will be along in a moment.”
But for now, he sits up in his chair, straightens his crown, and looks to the seven of them with a shaky smile. "We have yet to meet, I know," he says, letting off a chuckle that falls flat. He clears his throat. "But I hope you will take my joy in meeting you all as genuinely as I mean it."
He wants to call out to Castiel—wants to tell him he’s safe and sound, just a bit lost, is all—but the words stick in his throat, choking him up as the room clears.
, the tiny voice in his head whispers. Right, it doesn’t matter, and besides, he’s got Castiel backing him, so what can they do? It doesn’t matter. What they think
“Dean, he’s so wonderful! Just the sweetest, politest, gentleman I’ve ever met.” She pulls him down onto a bench, cheeks flushed and doe-eyed, and Dean’s stomach turns. “I don’t think I’ve ever felt so good about anyone in my life.” She grabs onto his arm, tugging at his sleeve as her grin widens. “You know what we did?”
“Hm,” Castiel hums, eyebrows furrowed. “Would you mind taking off the jacket? I would like to see your range of motion—”
He counts them now, and can’t help but think that can’t be right. That it must be shorter—longer, shorter, longer, shorter—longer, because every day without Castiel feels like an eternity, but also, the pain is so fresh it must have only been yesterday when he fell through the ice. Fell into the river rapids that stole him away.
“Oh! Yeah, it’s… it’s strange,” Dean says, catching up. Castiel did an excellent job—at least, he thinks so—but if they want to hear his word-vomit too, then so be it. “It’s weird, you know? Because we’re all essentially dating the same guy, and yeah, there’s some jealousy,” he says, glancing at Castiel, who’s looking at him like everything he says is fascinating. Dean looks away. “And sometimes it sucks seeing him with the others, but, I don’t know. I get my moments with him, and I get to know him.” Dean shrugs, cutting himself off before he can dig himself deeper.
"I—yeah, it'll be... it'll be different, but—" He shakes his head, trying to clear it of the buzzing, but he can feel eyes on him from every direction, staring him down as he grasps at straws.
"It was spectacular, wasn't it?" Hannah says, leaning past Charlie with an under-eye mask on and curlers in her hair as her stylist buffs and clips her nails.
Dean can’t look at him, so he doesn’t, taking his time digging through his bag for the specialty gift he had Garth do last-minute. It had cost him big with such short notice, but Castiel is worth it—he only hopes he hasn’t fucked up big-time by trying to help.
Dean shakes off the thought and scoops up a forkful of omelet, shoving it into his mouth with a soft moan. His eyes close and his head falls back as he chews. “Damn, I’m gonna miss the food when I leave this place,” he murmurs, and Charlie snorts. He ignores her, barely listening as the rest of the table weighs in on what they think is going on.
He beat the demon bitch, and really, even if he’s next on the list, that’s enough. “The foreign mistress with devilish good looks and a wicked attitude just doesn’t cut it for the people of Amarellino, and they call her ‘too mean for our good-hearted prince.’”
She glances his way, though, and she smiles like he’s her best friend, and Dean feels like shit. He is shit. What’s wrong with him?
“Before this, did you ever have crushes? Like, growing up, was there anyone you wish you could’ve dated?” Castiel stills against him for just a moment, but it’s enough to have Dean kicking himself for asking. Heat rises to warm his ears, creeping up his neck and colouring his cheeks in a way that makes him glad there aren’t any lights in the garden—what a fucking mess he is.
“Yes,” Castiel says, the mischief in his eyes almost child-like. He looks near gleeful and it's so baffling to Dean that he almost can't do anything but stare. "We are going to walk very fast. We can’t run or we will attract attention, but if we’re too slow, I’ll be pulled away and the ingenious evasion of my security detail will be for naught."
“It’s just breakfast,” he whines as she scowls at the trousers clinging to his thighs. “I’m probably going to spill on them, anyway.”
Hannah just shakes her head, that tiny smile still in place as she folds her gloved hands in front of her.
"He made me feel human." Castiel lifts a shoulder. "Like a person—a friend he just hadn't met yet—not some god put up on a pedestal." Castiel laughs, but it's thick with resentment, and his eyes shine with tears. "And I hadn't felt that way before, or since, for that matter. I didn't want to meet him and discover that I was wrong about the way he made me feel."
“Of course,” she whispers, leaning in to kiss his cheek before veering off in the opposite direction. One less thing to worry about, thank God.
“Good to know,” he says instead, pulling Dean back in, thrusting into his mouth as his pleasure rises, wave after wave of molten heat flaring in his stomach as he rolls his hips, and Dean just takes it, hands clutching Castiel’s thighs, eyes clenched shut, then open again, locking on Castiel’s, freckled cheeks flushed red, still smeared with pizza sauce.
“Uh, you know,” Dean says, blushing hot as he waves his hands around. “For all this; for causing you stress.” He swallows hard but refuses to break eye-contact as Castiel observes him.
“Hmm,” Castiel hums, pulling Dean closer with a hand on his hip. It sends a shiver of pleasure down Dean’s spine, pressed flush against Castiel like that, feeling every inch of him move and shift with his swaying dance. “Just don’t step on my toes.”
“You look nice, son,” John says as he steps forward, pulling Dean into a rare hug. It’s brief, but enough to let Dean know how much he’s missed.
For some reason, Dean's pretty sure he's not supposed to be wandering the palace right now, but he can't actually remember why.
have to get used to giving orders, Dean—it’s simply a part of living in the palace—but as for limits, I guess it comes down to empathy. How much are you willing to ask of a person, knowing what you, yourself, would be willing to give?”
"I was lonely," he says, as simple and complex as that. "I've spent my whole life essentially by myself and the idea of feeling a deeper, more profound bond with another person…" Castiel trails off with a shrug that's so unlike him, it makes Dean smile. "It's all I have ever wanted, Dean." Castiel's face softens with deep, painful longing—the kind you spend your whole life trying to fulfill—and Dean aches for him. "I want to love, and be loved, by someone."
Dean squints as the sun blazes through the windows lining the hallway that leads out to the grounds. Light filters through the endless glass, and it'd be quite beautiful, falling in a rainbow of colors from high in the vaulted ceiling, all along the endless hall, but Dean doesn't feel like anything in the world is beautiful right then. His head pounds with a steady beat, turning his stomach a little as he tries to take even breaths. His heart kicks in his chest, the closer they get, but he barely has the energy to feel it—he just doesn't care what they think anymore.
“Fuck—yeah, I remember,” Dean says as it all comes rushing back, and he takes the cloth Charlie holds out to him, stained with his blood, and presses it to his temple. He closes his eyes and lets out a deep, shuddering breath—it has to be almost breakfast time, and there’s no way their absence has gone unnoticed for this long. “They know we’re gone yet?”
Dean goes without a fight, his fingers clutched in hers, as his other hand holds his shots. It’s a bit awkward with his arm in a sling, but he makes it work. Before long, though, he’s downing those, too, feeling the tingling warmth of strong liquor and sweet bumble berry-orange, his lips stained with the fiery colour.
“Alright, boy, get going. It’s time you eat something—you’re too thin!” She pushes him away, forcing a scowl as Dean rolls his eyes, and neither of them mentions the cufflinks again.
He sinks into her embrace like he would with his own mother, bending low to tuck his face in her neck as he shakes with the force of his sadness. He just doesn’t know what to do, and the ache of loneliness is too much to handle. He wants his family—he wants to go
“The final suitor is…” he pauses, reading the name again as one side of his mouth twitches upward. “Dean Winchester.”
"Can't say I do," he tells her, a prick of sarcasm in his voice. She, like her eldest son, doesn't pick up on it. Thank God for small miracles.
"Goodnight, then," Dean whispers anyway, forcing a smile as Castiel touches his cheek with gentle fingers. He leans in and kisses him, so quick and soft Dean's not sure he can even call it that, but it leaves his lips tingling, his hands shaking and knees weak.
of them that neither wants to talk about? Something on their date with fans or reporters? Could they have… could they have been caught
He doesn’t comment, and there’s that hint of jealousy back in his eyes when Dean smiles at Sarah, but he doesn’t say anything, and Dean figures he should if he’s really that bothered by some harmless flirting.
The glass doors that lead into the garden are closed tonight, and a bit frosty by the looks of them, but the room is warm, and vines still twist around the columns and wind through the golden accents around the door frames. It's still beautiful, and just as terrifying.
He runs his fingers over the petals of the closest flower—a purple thing he doesn’t know the name of—his mind going over Meg’s words again and again.
After their argument, Dean had been rushed through his shower and shave—he's pretty sure Susie knicked his jaw, but she denies it, and will to her dying breath. The whole time, all he could think about is how bad he fucked up. He's not sure if he'll be sent home for it—God, he hopes not—but how is he to know what Castiel will do?
"Your shoes are terrible for running," Dean says when Castiel finally stops, huffing and puffing to catch his breath as he braces his hands on his knees.
“Here,” Dean says, pulling off the first skate and handing it over before shoving Castiel’s foot into his boot. Castiel takes it, but he doesn’t look at him, and he doesn’t speak. Not until Dean’s finished and sitting beside him on the snow-speckled bench. “What’s it gonna take to wipe that scowl off your face, huh?”
A seed of humiliation sprouts in Dean’s chest, growing like a weed and pushing out all his reasons for being here until he can’t think of a single one. It poisons his view of himself, and this place, and these people.
Castiel scowls, letting his hands fall from Dean’s waist as the others untwine. “Dean, I don’t understand—”
“What?” He's confused for half a second before her meaning sinks in, and humiliation hits him so hard and fast, he feels sick with it. “No! No, not like that! God, no, Suse, we didn't, I didn't—just… not like that.”
Boundaries, he decides. Boundaries are what will get him through the rest of his time here, starting with his so-called friends.
“I have several, yes,” the queen says, her tone clipped and biting, and the amphitheater falls silent. “First, I would like to comment on the extraordinary ignorance of this… plan, highlighting how very exclusionary it is to benefitting the lower classes.”
He turns his back to her, still fuming because how fucking dare she? And others think it, too? Really? This morning he wouldn’t have believed a word of it, but he’s starting to realize every one of the other suitors would stab him in the back to further their chances with Castiel. It hurts to know he has no real friends here, but more than anything, he aches for the lost illusion.
“Yeah, yeah. Okay, fine.” He takes a moment to gather his thoughts. “So, we’re struggling. Like, my mom is cutting us back a meal a day, kind of struggling. And, mind you, Sammy isn’t even thought of at this point, so he’s not there, inhaling all our food, which, if you knew Sam, would make sense…” Dean pauses, feeling a little silly for including that part, but he shrugs it off. “But, whatever.”
They eat in relative silence, which would normally bother Dean since he’s such a talker, but right now, he’s too hungry, so most of his focus goes into not embarrassing himself.
It’s a nice change from the usual Sunday morning hustle, and he’s not sure he wants to go back to the primping and preening. For now, though, he’ll enjoy the sunshine, and the quiet, and the food.
"Threats against you and the others. There are people who think their opinions mean more than my own, and there's the potential that the group of you could be targeted."
Dean nods, the tumultuous, raging storm of anxiety calming inside him, his fears laid to rest for the time being. She doesn't hate him; she just wants what's best for her son. "I do."
“Oh, yeah? How would someone like me get into that?” He tosses his shirt aside, too damn oblivious to notice the gawping stares directed his way.
Dean peels the jacket off as carefully as he can, trying not to prick himself, or knock any pins out. He does the same with the rest of his clothes until he's down to his underwear and he only pricks himself twice, but not bad enough to bleed, so Susie hardly notices since he won't be staining his brand-new, white button-down.
For a moment, Dean doesn’t realize they’re waiting for him to speak, but the silence stretches on, and the longer Lydia stares, the deeper he flushes.
It’s intoxicating, thrilling in every way. Castiel’s blue eyes burn into his, that smile shining as the pulsing beat of the music sinks into his chest. He’s hot all over, pressed right up tight to Castiel’s broad chest, and
“No?” he says, like maybe she’ll tell him what exactly he’s hiding from her, because honestly, he’s got no idea.
,” Castiel murmurs, all smiles and cheeky winks, and absolutely infuriating charm, judging by Dean’s scowl. Castiel doesn’t have a charming bone in his body, he knows, but somehow, Dean doesn’t see it that way, and Castiel can’t even begin to guess why.
"Come with me," he says, a grin on his face that's so mischievous that it can't be Castiel's, but the way Dean's heart skips a beat is the same as always, so he follows Castiel down the winding stairs, exhausted and confused, but too curious to tell him no.
It’s so warm and cozy in here, and Dean hasn’t gotten a wink of sleep—not counting the minor KO he took at the club. He knows he should go back to his room—shower, and change, and sleep in his own bed—but he feels safe here, with Castiel.
His shoulder throbs, he’s dizzy as fuck, and he’s got one hell of a blister on his ankle, so he’s in no fucking mood to deal with a lecture.
“I don’t know, Dean. Read a book, finish a crossword puzzle—I don’t care so long as you stay outta trouble.” To be fair, Dean hadn’t found trouble yet, and he wasn’t exactly looking for it, either. He was just… exploring.
Charlie doesn’t break her stance now, knees bent, one foot behind her, and both arms raised, clutching the wooden sword as she keeps her eyes on him.
bumped into me. Just look at the footage; it will show you everything you need to know. I should sue her." His mouth pinches up as he sniffs, unimpressed, but that's his normal look, so Dean's not too worried about Charlie's fate.
. See?" He holds his hands out to both sides, showing Castiel just how unharmed he is. "I'm not in trouble. I'm not hurt—Cas, I'm
"Don't think he didn't try," Benny says from right behind Dean, and his heart stutters as he looks over his shoulder at the burly bear of a man.
"I should hurry; I have an appointment with Susie right about now, and you know how she is about tardiness." Castiel offers him one last, sweet smile before hurrying off, his shoes echoing down the hall.
Then Castiel’s hand slips into his and Dean’s confusion scatters in the wind, replaced by the warmth of a feeling he can only describe as
There are at least six cameramen milling around the room, setting up stands and coming around the table to clip mics on everyone. He was never told anything about cameras! But, as they soon find out, the whole process will be filmed and televised for the entire nation to watch.
"Sorry, Suse; it's been a rough weekend, is all." He rubs at his aching eyes and decides he doesn't really want to sit up yet, so he doesn't.
As it is, he spent all of his available funds on Castiel’s gift, but it doesn’t even touch the opulence of these, and now he’s thinking that maybe he should just keep it to himself.
With every brush of their clothing, a thrill shoots through him, and he finds himself unable to pay attention to what’s being said. He’s so hyper-focused on Castiel’s arm against his, that he doesn’t even notice when the man himself says his name.
The room is beautiful, to say the least. Dean's never seen such splendor in his life, with its cream and gold accents and extravagant furniture. The bed looks like heaven, with its thick pillows piled high against the headboard, especially when compared to his own bed, with its threadbare blanket and too-short frame. It’ll be nice to sleep in a bed where his feet don’t hang off the end.
.” Dean doesn’t miss the way she glances over to where Castiel is talking with his nurse, but he chooses to ignore it. He can’t think too much about Castiel caring for him—it’ll just hurt too bad when he eventually sends Dean home.
“No, it’s… it’s fine, I just—” Dean shakes his head. He’s had enough of this—he’s tired, and so done with his whole night. So, why is he still here? Shit, he can leave whenever he wants, so why
, like he’s going to be around long enough to do just that. But Castiel is right, of course. The staff are paid to do as they’re asked, and it’s up to Dean to decide what’s worth asking for, and what he can do on his own.
“Maybe I’ll hire you to follow me ‘round the country,” Castiel tells him, nipping at sharp hipbones, teasing the soft swell of Dean’s stomach as his hard, leaking cock begs for attention. “Keep you naked and horny all day long, waiting for me to get off work. How’s that sound?” He’s teasing, of course, but the thought has his spent cock twitching in his track pants.
Castiel feels miles away and the only thing Dean can do is tell him the truth or nothing at all. Either way, he could lose him. Either way, Lucifer wins.
A long aisle down the centre separates rows of books on either side. The black and white checkered tile clicks under his shoes as Dean moves deeper into the room. He takes in the gold edging, intricate carving, and gorgeous frescos painted into the ceilings. There are thousands—millions, maybe—of books, dipping into side alcoves and extending up into a second floor, ringed by golden plaited gates.
"Never guess... what?" Charlie prompts, arching a perfectly plucked eyebrow as she brushes her hands over her lap. She's in a sleeveless, silk romper in deep purple, and Dean has to say, it really suits her. She looks gorgeous, and Dean's happy for her, but for fuck's sake, why does she have to be so damn observant.
“What’s this?” he asks, taking what looks like a tabloid magazine from her hands. Its glossy pages reflect the natural light—it’s brand new; probably today’s—and Dean’s stomach clenches at what she could possibly be showing him.
"Do I have to?" Dean whines, looking over at Benny, who rolls his eyes, probably beyond exasperated. He's had to deal with him all morning, and Dean's asked the same question probably a thousand times.
“Oh, please. Your willy isn’t the first I’ve seen.” She rolls her eyes and takes a seat in the corner, her legs crossed and hair in curlers. Dean’s certain she’s not supposed to be here, and he’s almost positive she snuck away.
“I… yeah, I guess.” He shrugs, taking the stairs with heavy feet as the lights dim and fade—they really should get inside before they drop out completely. “Are you?” Dean asks, stopping just inside the entrance hall as the night guards close and lock the door. Instead of stopping to chat at the bottom of the stairs, however, Castiel nudges him on with a hand at the small of his back, taking a moment to contemplate Dean’s question.
“Is this live?” Dean asks, craning his neck to look for Mick, but finding Castiel instead. He only nods before looking back at the screen and Dean’s stomach drops at the brushoff. Not even a word? A
Dean flushes and looks back to the fireworks, but he can still feel eyes on him. Can feel the cameras, too. Other people, watching them like it's their business to know exactly what's going on. He pushes the feeling away, though, and settles into the rest of the best night of his life.
What a simple life it would be, that of an insect. Nothing but food, water, shelter, and reproduction—easy.
Castiel quirks an eyebrow—it’s a challenge, he knows. “I can’t give away all my secrets, now can I?”
He knows he should shave, and probably have a shower, but it’s Sunday and there isn’t much to do until the screening. It looks like it’ll be a nice day, so maybe he and Castiel could take that walk later. Or maybe he’ll take one by himself, just because.
“It’s a once in a lifetime opportunity,” the director says. There’s a microphone attached to his ear and he moves around the room in such a flurry that it puts Dean on edge. Meg and Lily preen under the attention, Hannah seems resigned to it, and Balthazar is completely oblivious as he tosses back the expensive wine in front of him. Dean doesn't even bother looking at the others; they've got to be much the same.
Not much happens on Saturday in terms of footage for the show, and Dean is beyond grateful that no one got ahold of the trial cameras, or even knew he was there by the looks of it, so that passes as smoothly as he remembers it, though with an obvious absence on his and Castiel's part.
He’s going crazy, stuck in here without a clue, so he steps into his private little garden, closing his eyes and breathing in the fresh air and the smell of mowed grass as soon as it hits his face. Why didn’t he do this sooner?
Dean dresses in a new button-down, black as the midnight sky, and a matching pair of trousers. It’s a start, and the shirt already fits a little snug—not tight, but form-fitting like the rest of the outfit is bound to be. If he wears it. He hasn’t gotten that far yet.
He bursts through his bedroom door, choking on a sob as he shoves both hands through his hair, so confused and miserable he doesn't know what to
But here he is, those calculating blue eyes scanning the room as Duma begins her spiel, the cameras already rolling.
“Mom,” he groans, blushing hotter as he throws his head back. She just laughs, patting his cheek before turning back to the stove, and Dean feels nerves trickle into his stomach.
“Don’t worry about it,” Dean says, waving him off as he heads for the opposite door. The carpet beneath his feet keeps his steps silent, and the door swings in on soundless hinges. “How’d you get into this thing anyway? The whole filming business?”
Here’s another chapter. Not much happens, and it’s not quite as long as usual, but next weeks is like, 7k, so look forward to that lol.
Dean doesn't wait to be told twice as he shoves up from his stool and pushes through the door, heading back to his room for his favorite part of the week.
!” The words tremble from him, high and almost out of control with emotion, and for the first time since they were led in, Dean notices the paper crumpled in Castiel’s fist.
“Sure are,” Jo laughs, and Dean could strangle her. “Even have our own bodyguard, ain’t that right, Dean?”
. They sure as shit don't make an inconspicuous bunch, but for the first time, Dean finds he doesn't mind.
Dean cringes, closing his eyes and shrinking into himself as Castiel steps out of her way, a grin still playing on his lips.
Dean takes them, his heart in his throat as blood pulses in his ears. A few red droplets splatter onto the front page, but he doesn’t have it in him to notice because, right there, front and centre for the world to see, is
Sarah lost her stockings and shoes, as well as both earrings, her necklace, and all her rings, and Hannah has a surprising amount of clothing on, only looking a little less sparkly for her losses. Charlie, dressed in a pantsuit, is about the same as Castiel, only with less footwear, and Kelly—who Dean thinks is throwing the game on purpose—is the only one almost out of her dress.
A loud whoop goes up around them, the sound echoing off the high rafters, and Dean is more confused than ever. “I don’t… I don’t get it,” he says, looking between them for answers.
“Where’s she going so fast?” Dean asks, glancing down at Castiel, who’s walking right beside him now—his shoulder not quite brushing Dean’s thigh.
.” The grumbling comes to an immediate halt as Dean lifts his head, rubbing at his uninjured eye as his neck cracks, protesting a night on the floor. “Boy? Where are you?”
With a defeated sigh, Dean snaps the notebook shut and tosses it to the side. He’s still curled up in the alcove, but with the steadily rising sun, it’s much brighter than it was when he got here.
There are cameras, too, but nothing like the crew for the show—these look far more professional; like they've been doing it for years.
relationships, and Charlie…” He laughs, ignoring the way Novak stares and stares and stares. God, he really needs to get his first name. “Charlie doesn’t bat for our team, if you catch my drift.”
“Oh, the leprechaun suit. Remember that one, Suse? Ow,” he glares at his stylist as she shuts him up by ripping out more hair, but he quickly turns back to the screen.
—and anger burns so hot and fast in his stomach that he thinks he's going to explode with it. He can feel his ears burning and his fists clenching, and by God, she'd better be fucking joking.
, Sarah Blake.” He pulls her in with an arm around her shoulder, smacking a wet kiss to her cheek as she giggles, swaying into his side before moving away when he lets her go. “Don’t know how I’ve managed to get this far without that brain of yours.”
Dean's thoughts go to his family in an instant, but Castiel seems to read it on his face before he can voice his fears. "At this time, there is no indication that anyone's families are in danger. At
“I’ll make a few calls.” She steps out of the room for a moment, already pressing a button on her ear-piece.
He clears his throat, looking so lost, and Dean almost takes pity on him, but then Castiel's clear, ocean blue eyes meet his and he opens his mouth to speak.
“It was fine,” Dean says, less than willing to divulge what really happened in that interview. It wasn’t
Another shrug, but when Castiel meets his eyes this time, they're far sadder than he expects. "He doesn't remember it."
“Will you tell him, or shall I?” Duma looks at Castiel with an arched brow, sarcasm hinted in the way she tilts her head to one side and, by the glare Castiel shoots her, he doesn’t miss it.
Benny takes a deep, steadying breath, like he's trying not to lose his cool and throttle Dean, and closes his eyes. "You'll know more when his royal heinie decides you can know more."
“Don’t feel like it,” Dean tells her. His suit feels too tight, and the air, too thick in his lungs. It’s like he’s being strangled from the inside, out, and he
"Benny?" Dean calls, scrambling to untangle his shoes from the sheets. "Fuck, shit," he mumbles, hitting the floor with a thud before dragging himself up and stumbling for the door. "Benny?"
After the screening, all Dean wants to do is go to bed—to curl up under his satin sheets and shut out the world for a few hours.
"Wander the palace, mostly," Dean says, then cringes when his words register. "Not supposed to do that, am I?" He lets out a nervous chuckle but plays it off with a shrug. What are they going to do? Kick him out? Lock him in his room when the cameras aren't around?
“What’s that?” Castiel asks after a moment, startling Dean from his thoughts. When he looks over, Castiel is staring at his fingers—the ones fiddling with the paper clip.
, fucking for the whole world to see—and Castiel presses in, slow and steady, until his hip bones dig into the flesh of Dean’s ass. “God,
"Oh, my first date? I was sixteen, and he took me to a school dance." That's April, Dean's sure of it, and when he peeks around the corner, he's not surprised to find her with a delighted smile on her lips as she holds Castiel's entire focus. It's like she's the only one in the world to him, and the sight of
It’s Dean’s turn to blush, and maybe it’s not as dark out here as he’d hoped—crushes? Just one, and he’s carried it through all his years, right to this spot in the garden. “Of course,” he says, like it’s a stupid question, but Castiel just laughs, pulling Dean back in like he can’t stand to be so far away.
“What about taking him far out and just leaving him?” Glenn then looks over to Andrea. “We could, but he knows where the farm is, he knows Maggie.”
"Excuse me," Emma said, not bothering to hide her annoyance this time. "I have been taking care of myself since this shit started. The only reason the fucker got me is cause I was a little distracted by the noise up here and he got a little bit too close. By the time I got my machete out it was too late. I wasn't sure who was up here and I didn't want to attract more by shooting." Emma turned to Rick, unwilling to speak to this asshole anymore.
It didn't take long for the fever to take hold of him after that. She tried. God did she try. She had cleaned the wound and patched it up, hoping against hope that he would be spared and they could go back to being happy, hidden away within the trees, but it wasn't in the cards. He could feel the change coming as she sat down at his side in their tent, holding his hand. He had been quiet for hours, just staring at her almost blankly.
Rick had both his knife and machete out. Daryl on his right Tara to the left, she had made sure Emma was by her side. Her cross bow slung on her back like her brother and a Bowie knife and switchblade in the other. Beside Daryl there was T, and then Glenn and Maggie closing the circle. Rick takes a deep breath and looks to Lori and nods to open the gate. They all moved as one, letting the walkers come to them and dispatch them just as quick. Tara was just tossing the dead aside to take a look around to make sure everyone was ok. This seemed to be working, holy shit... they grew closer to the entryway. Until Rick saw what was beyond it, a court yard of walkers with an open gate and walkers with... was that riot gear?!
Glenn looked down at the ground. Dale had been going to most of the members of the group that day to try to convince people to vote for Randall to live. Most that he had spoken too had agreed he was better off dead. Glenn had at first sided with Dale. As he thought of it more and more though, he wondered if he was making a mistake and voting for the wrong side. "I don't know yet," Glenn replied, standing off to the side, close to Maggie. Hershel didn't really say much. He was a man of God and it was up to him whether or not this man should die. "Tonight's vote will decide," he replied simply.
Tara nodded to Emma one last time before she turned around, but then stopped dead in her tracks. Walkers...and a whole lot of them. The sounds of moans and groans from the dead could still scare the shit out of her, especially in large groups. Her eyes then shot to Daryl. Him and T-dog still unaware. Tara then turns with haste, grabbing Emma’s wrist and pulling her with her, not giving her the option, letting out two high short whistles. She watched Daryl’s head shoot up from the ground and looked over behind his sister and the new kid. His eyes widen as he drops what he’s doing and grabs T-dog by the shoulders and shoves him under a car, soon back to back.
“She must have fell or something, got her ankle cracked good, she must have landed on a walker body or something cause looks like she got a stab wound. The way it went in it collapsed her lung. But Hershal took care of fixing her up.“ He then stood up and looked at all the Green family that had come out and with a thankful tone, “Thank you. “ he whispers and looks down quickly and looks over to Emma. “c... can you umm.. keep and eye on her... please?" He was almost too scared to ask Emma but he needed to leave, he needed to clear his head before he lost it on someone at camp. But Tara had shown she trusted Emma. And Tara was the same as him. Could tell who was good and who was full of shit. And Emma was good people.
Rick had come down in the middle of the song, not making a noise, kneeling next to where Daryl laid, throwing some brush into the fire as they sang. It was a very beautiful moment of peace. As the night went on two hours in and Tara got up to go on watch, even if they didn’t have too, it was hard not too. Once the sun started peeking into the sky. Tara was the only one up at this time as she made her way back to camp, and when she walked upon the camp her lips just moved into the biggest smirk. She stood there for a few minutes watching her brother and Rick. Daryl’s back to Rick's chest while Rick's hand lay limp on Daryl's waist. Tara then shook her head and moved over to her brother and kneeled down shaking him softly.
She just looks at Emma for a minute still in her haze of sleep. But at the offer of smokes, she perked up her eyes brightened just a little as she walked over to sit by Emma nodding taking it when she offered it to her. Once she lit it she inhaled deep, feeling the drag pull into her lungs, the earthy smell of burning tobacco. Her eyes then closed as she stopped her breathing to keep the smoke as long as she could. Then she exhaled feeling the stress and anxiety leaving her body along with the smoke. The after taste still lingering in her mouth. ‘God she needed that.’ Her eyes then opened and shrugged to Emma. “ I don’t really care about them, but I’ll keep myself in check. And if it gets to be too much I’ll just tell ya that I’m hurting and we can leave.”
Rick followed Emma to Hershel, Rick then listened to Emma as she explained. Rick then shakes his head and steps up. "Hershel, those things are not sick people. They are dead, we went to the CDC before we came here. There is no cure, there is nothing coming to help us. There is no government, no hospital, no nothing. We talked to the last man alive in the CDC and then it self imploded." Rick then took a step forward. “Hershel, I’m not saying this cause I want to. This is happening."
After a while, when Dean gets tired of listening to the others, he asks Charlie about her date with Dorothy.
"But that's not why you didn't find him," Dean says, ignoring that comment, and he knows he's right, but the thought of someone else holding Castiel's heart hurts. He doesn't
Dean gives up on the interview prep, too distracted now to do anything but toss the notebook aside and head out to the grounds. He finds Charlie there, hitting a ball around in the tennis court by herself.
“You were in an orphanage?” He looks Dean up and down, not really scrutinizing, but just curious, and Dean shakes his head.
When she’s finished with him, a guard leads Dean out onto the lawn, yawning and rubbing at his eyes as he goes. It looks like most of the suitors are already there, and Dean does a quick scan of the yard for Hannah, but she hasn’t arrived yet, so he seats himself beside the bubbly red-head—Charlie.
"Perhaps we were a little cruel," Castiel muses, watching after Benny as he rounds a corner. "I'll have to apologize to him in the morning."
Dean’s just rinsing the shampoo from his eyes, struggling to get himself clean with a bum shoulder and cuts that sting like crazy, when he hears a knock down the hall.
“Come on, darling, we don’t have long.” Castiel steps back, one hand on Dean’s cheek as he smiles, and Dean lets his arms fall by his sides. “I’m expected back at the palace for a briefing, but there is just enough time for you to catch up before we have to leave.”
He looks over his hand, a six of clubs and a three of hearts staring back at him. In the middle of the circle, the flop shows a line up of a ten of spades, a king of diamonds, and a nine of diamonds. Dean’s got fuck all.
“Do you think he’s being dismissed?” Hannah whispers, her hand covering her mouth as she leans in closer. Her eyes are wide and worried, but she still manages to set precise piles of fruit all around her plate, segregated by type and color.
Over the next hour, as the other suitors eventually filter out, Carson has him and Castiel pose for countless photos.
best day…” He trails off, shaking his head as his words catch. “And thank you for the gift. It is so lovely.”
With a smile on his face and his head in the clouds, Dean doesn’t notice the ambush coming down on him when he steps back outside into the grounds.
Under his breath, and for no one but himself to hear, Dean whispers with a smile touching his lips, “Until the sun rises again.”
Caesar lets out a heavy, world-weary sigh and drops his hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Time to face the music, Winchester.”
“I remember,” Dean murmurs, his cheeks heating the tiniest bit, and he turns back to the screen as dinner on Monday reveals the muttered conversations of the others.
Dean can’t help it—he scrunches up his nose and sticks out his tongue as butterflies tumble inside him. It eases the tension in his bones, calming his racing heart just enough so he can smile, proper.
“My apologies, it seems I’ve come down with a cold.” His smile doesn’t falter, though, and Dean would be lying if he said he’s not a little pleased by the disappointment he sees in the slump of the guards shoulders. “You may excuse yourself,” Castiel says to the guard, nodding toward the door, and the man wastes no time getting out of there.
Either way, he’s ready for bed. His shoulder hurts, there’s a dull ache in his legs, and his ribs aren’t faring any better. It hurts to breathe, and he needs more pain pills if he’s going to get any sleep—lord knows Susie doesn’t need anything else to be pissed about; she almost ripped his head off when she saw the gash on his cheek, to begin with.
And he’s right—it’s like the first ray of sunshine pushing through endless clouds to warm Dean to his core.
So many things to learn, and only the Pride-themed Google logo standing in his way. Castiel snaps Dean’s laptop shut. He needs to get one for himself, but—
. It's such a foreign concept that he doesn't know how to handle it, so he just stares at Castiel, who's waiting less than patiently for Dean's reaction.
Castiel chuckles as he half turns to look at them all. “You haven’t been following the news, I see? These are my suitors, dear Reggie; they’re courting me.”
Do mind the new tags, though, specifically the Past Child Abuse tag. There is mention of it at the beginning, but as the story goes on, it will be delved into a little further, so just be aware of that.
Dean takes it, and with one touch, he can tell it's fake, but just looking at it could have him fooled. He glances up at Castiel, a smirk tugging at his lips as he holds it out to him. "Will you accept this rose, Castiel?"
.” There’s something dangerous in his tone that scares Dean a little, but he doesn’t say anything. He sits there, a little unsure, sinking into his chair like maybe, if he tries hard enough, he can disappear into the leather. “Or I will find someone better.”
“I used to dance in the rainbow lights, you know?” Heat prickles his cheeks, but he presses on even when Castiel raises an eyebrow. “In the church when I was a kid. Once a month, Mom would take me to the church on Sunday, and if it was sunny, the stained-glass would project light in the pulpit.” Dean smiles at the memory, seeing the exposed beams and worn, paint-chipped pews in his mind. “And I would dance. Wasn’t very good—‘m still not, to be honest—but…” He shrugs, nostalgia seeping through him as he sees it in his mind’s eye.
But the further he goes, the more turns he takes, the closer he knows he’s getting to Castiel’s rooms. They’re at the back of the palace, near his room, but on a higher floor, and when he comes to a hallway decorated in white marble with dark blue veins running through, he starts looking for the door plaque that reads
There's a collective gasp as the queen’s words ring out, but nothing can block out the sounds of despair coming from the man just sentenced to rot in prison. Dean's heart breaks for him, and he can't hold back the sound that claws up his throat.
Dean takes his time, knowing Castiel needs a moment, and makes sure to tie his laces and straighten the cushions before stepping from the room.
“Cas?” Dean says as he steps back into the office. He doesn’t see him anywhere, so he takes a moment to straighten the borrowed cufflinks and thin black tie.
"Uh, nope," Dean says, shaking his head as he watches the screen react every time she runs her finger over the trackpad on the laptop. "Could you show me some stuff?" He moves in closer, and for the next ten minutes, tries to explain in the plainest terms she can, how to turn on the projector and connect it to the computer screen.
His stomach rumbles again, but that’s not what snaps him out of his thoughts. It’s the sound of his own name spoken right in front of him.
Dean’s only seen the man a handful of times, and though he’s mousy and skittish next to his wife, he’s
Dean can feel it clawing up his throat—the sobs fighting to tear into him—but he holds them back the best he can, one hand over his mouth as he clenches his teeth in a vain attempt to keep his heart from tearing its way out of him.
He doesn't nod-off now, though. His mind races with all the goodbyes he’s sure he’ll have to say at the end of the night, and he’s not even sure which one will be the hardest.
“Now listen up, boy, and listen close. There’s some things you need to remember, got it?” She never once looks away from what she’s going as Dean’s eyes move to hers.
Even still, he runs through explanations and apologies, arguments and pleas for forgiveness. Cas will be
Castiel's face falls as real, heart-wrenching fear transforms him. It lasts for barely a second before he pulls himself together, but it's there, and it breaks Dean's heart. Especially since he now knows why it's there, what with the piece of paper Castiel has clenched in his fist.
"I wouldn't imagine so, no." Duma watches him with a peculiar interest he doesn't understand. There's a twinkle in her eye and a half-grin on her face, but Dean chooses to ignore it for now, too caught up in the mind-blowing words of strangers.
Even after all these weeks, it still hurts just as bad to see Castiel with others as it did the first time. It’s unexpected, really—he thought he’d get over it by now—but there’s still a pang in his chest when Castiel looks at her like that. It is what it is, though, and he needs to trust the process.
“Benny!” Dean calls, cupping his hands around his mouth and shouting into the hallway. He knows it’s overkill, but he’s not about to miss an opportunity to mess with his perpetually absent guard. “Benny Laffite! Where are you, you slippery bastard!”
“Charlie,” Castiel says, smiling at Dean’s fiery best friend as she hops off her platform in adorable ballet flats, her hot pink halter-top romper flashing in the golden light. “Will you accept this rose?”
“I suppose there is, yes, but Benny made sure to find me straight away.” Castiel shifts from foot to foot, hesitating for a moment before colour floods his cheeks and he looks at his shoes. “I’m sorry for…” He gestures down the hall and Dean feels the manic laughter bubbling up in his chest again.
What… the fuck? They don’t even know the suitors? God, if this is an insurrection, it’s a pretty crappy one.
as they put it. Dean scowls, glancing over at the pretty brunette. He's never found her to be anything but kind. Maybe a little too bubbly sometimes, but a sweet girl, nonetheless.
Castiel tugs him up the stone steps, through the front doors, and into the entrance hall, with its wide stairwell and twinkling chandelier. Almost like a fairytale. His prince pulls him close.
He tells Benny everything from earlier that day at breakfast, to the threats in the grounds, and even his suspicions that Lily, Meg, and Michael had been planning to have him kicked out, no matter the consequences.
Dean flips over to look at the door when it cracks open and a head of red hair pokes through, followed by another, darker head of hair.
Thank you, as always, to my lovely beta-reader, Sparrowtail, for reading this before even I do, and chatching all my Canadian spellings.
“Nearly,” Castiel breathes, his steps slowing, but every breath bursts from his lips in forceful pants. He drops his hands from his hair, leaving it a wild mess that he doesn’t bother fixing. “I’m sorry.” For the first time, he turns to Dean, eyes meeting, holding in the sunlit room, filled with guilt and fear. “I would completely understand if you want to leave after the insult my father dealt you. The way you have been treated here is deplorable, and entirely my fault. I should have done more—"
Heat creeps up his neck and into his cheeks, embarrassment flooding him as he lets out a muffled, “Oh,” and sinks back against the couch.
"Yes, you can. Get up now, boy." Hands on hips and her signiture scowl in place as she glares at his prone form. "Why are you still in bed? Get
He wakes slowly, rolling to his back with a satisfying stretch that has him groaning as his limbs shake. The sigh that rolls from his lips morphs into a yawn halfway through, and it's not until he opens his eyes that he remembers.
“I, uh… I heard something.” She shrugs again, but it’s stiff and forced this time—so obviously awkward, and un-Charlie, that Dean’s heart skips a beat. “After you left, April was saying that she—she and Castiel kissed. You know, after their date.”
Dean's heart thuds as nerves flood him, sending a swarm of butterflies into his stomach as he swallows back his anxiety to answer the question.
With renewed resolve, he smiles. “Tell me about it,” he says, but still, a stray thought sneaks in, and once it’s there, it refuses to leave no matter how hard Dean tries to shake it off.
"Hannah forgets it, too, and it's not fair to you. You did nothing wrong, and I blamed you anyway; I'm sorry for that, Dean. I can't apologize for Hannah, but from the deepest part of my heart, I'm sorry."
“Hey! Hey, boy! Look at me!” Susie pulls him around, making him meet her eyes as she stares up at him, a good foot and a half shorter. She gets to work dressing him in whatever was clutched in her hands while she speaks. “I don’t care what anyone says about you, you hear me? I don’t care what
“It’s Castiel’s,” she says, once again stating the obvious. Dean doesn’t confirm or deny it but peels off the vest before loosening his tie. “Damnit, Dean! It’s
,” Dean breathes, back arching against the seat as he digs his fingers into Castiel’s tangled hair. “Now, Cas—fuck me
Castiel pushes to his feet, face impassive to anyone who looks, but Dean knows better—he can see the hard set to his jaw and the tension in his eyes as he leaves to deal with the mess. Dean turns back to his meal, ignoring the commotion.
Hannah opens her mouth to answer, but before anything comes out of her mouth, Dean turns back around to face Castiel, who sits across from him, minding his own business and eating his breakfast with practiced decorum.
“What?” Dean screws his face up at her, but she just snickers, shaking her head and twirling herself under his arm.
He lets his hand slip from Dean’s to open the doors, and the tiniest bit of disappointment swells in his chest. Okay, so more than a tiny bit—he wants to snatch it back up as to as the warmth of Castiel’s touch disappears.
“Jesus fucking fuck,” he mutters, dropping his arm—still clutching the towel—in front of himself, because holy fuck,
He tries to stay calm—to remind himself that they don't even know if it's poison yet—but something tells him it is, and a deeper, darker part of him keeps whispering that Hannah and Charlie aren't really the intended targets.
“Just put me in the Cas suit,” Dean says, though he doesn't mean to actually say it out loud. He's just so tired.
"Susie, it's a line. Please, respect it." He keeps his voice calm and smooth, making sure she understands. She glances up at Castiel, her mouth hanging open, and Dean catches Castiel's nod from the corner of his eye.
“Hey, if this whole Prince Charming thing doesn’t work out, we’re always looking for new recruits.” Victor tosses his sword aside as he speaks, taking Dean’s as well.
Castiel laughs, revelling in the playful grin lighting up Dean’s face. “Lace or satin,” he says, not that he cares. He’d wear anything to get Dean looking at him like he is now.
Castiel smiles—soft and reassuring—and Dean tries to match it, but he doesn’t quite manage. Castiel signals to one of the staff and has a quick, quiet conversation with him before he hurries off, and Castiel leans down to whisper in Dean’s ear.
“Hi,” Dean says, stepping closer to the table and meeting the cornflower blue eyes. They almost remind him of Castiel’s but the shape of them is wrong—too wide, and his eyebrows have faded to a dull grey to match the hair tucked under his chef’s hat. “Would you mind if we watch?”
." Susie smacks him again, on his bare chest this time, but it's not the anger that makes him feel guilty; it's the undertone of hurt in every word.
, barely able to scrape by and keep his family from starving. There’s no way Castiel will choose him over all the wonderful choices he has instead, and Dean could cry with this realization, but then the doors swing open, and Castiel steps in.
“What’s up, Tiny Tim?” Dean says, shooting from his seat to offer Sammy a one-armed hug. He ruffles the kid’s hair, who swats him away with a disgruntled huff.
“He’s a pretty one, that's for sure.” That’s all she says before turning away and, for some reason, it rubs him the wrong way. His smile drops into a scowl so fast, his cheeks ache, and he narrows his eyes into a glare.
Castiel gives him a bland look. "Of course not." But he does strip out of his suit jacket, though the crown stays in place.
“That is the stupidest thing I have ever heard,” she says, shooing him to a chair with a prodding finger to the ribs. “Which is saying something, considering all the stupid things you say.”
He sinks back into the cushions a little more. “So, tell me.” He glances over at her, noticing the way she folds her hands over her knees and straightens her back a little as she looks to the door. He doesn’t bother looking over, but he can hear the guards moving around, so he’s sure Castiel isn’t too far away. “This touching thing, is that something all royals follow?”
“Is he always like that?” Dean tries instead, still by the door, waiting with his heart in his throat and his hands tucked in his pockets, all casual-like. He doesn’t
"Happy?" Dean gasps when the bottle is half empty and his fingers are coated in cool condensation and sticking champagne.
“Hmm,” Castiel hums, and Dean cringes as he peeks up at him. “So much for your hope of real clothes.”
Dean doesn't reach for Castiel's hand—he doesn't take it in his own and give it a squeeze—but he does rest his fingertips on the armrest in the dim light of the room, offering it to Castiel if he wants it, but he doesn't watch for him to take it, either.
Dean grins, more than a little surprised by this tiny firecracker of a woman, but he can’t say he’s disappointed. It’s refreshing to see someone so different from what he’s used to—someone outside upper-class standards making it big. Someone like him.
Dean sighs, already wanting to turn around and run for the rainbow room, but he doesn’t. He slips past Charlie and Hannah and heads for the barn.
rude,” Castiel says, only a little offended. They both know the thing he holds most dear is standing in the bathroom in lace panties and a leather jacket, but that’s beside the point. “My point is, you probably look sexy as hell, but I can’t tell you so until you come out of there.”
“This is true,” he says around another chuckle, and the mirth in his eyes sends a wave of relief through Dean. He laughs, too, sinking his fingers into his hair as the other hand rests on his bare hip.
“As of the most recent statistics, only twelve percent of the population can afford private health insurance without worry. Twenty-two percent get it through their jobs, and the remaining sixty-six percent are forced to pay out-of-pocket for their healthcare.” Dean can feel himself picking up steam, the passion he feels for this issue propelling him full-force.
"That'll do, Winchester," he murmurs, looking him up and down, his throat bobbing when he swallows. "That'll do."
Then, with a sharp swipe of his hand, Castiel dashes away the place-settings, sending them scattering to the floor. Dean jumps, startled by the sudden sound, but when no one comes to check on his prince, he leans closer, his heart in his throat, blocking the words he needs to say.
"Who styled this travesty?" she mumbles, digging through her bags and not paying attention as Dean combs his hair into a mohawk. "It's embarrassing, honestly—"
“I never had occasion,” he says, huffing and puffing already with that adorable little crease between in brows. He’s worn that same expression so often since the fall that Dean thinks it might just stick like that forever. “I can see the attraction, of course, but without a need, I don’t understand why—Dean, would you stop moving?”
go to Castiel—tell him everything he saw and trust that Castiel will protect him—but there's a chance…
He’s one of the last to give an interview, too busy kicking at the leaf pile to make sure he got in line, and now he regrets it. Everyone is gone, leaving him alone with the camera crew, who’s packing up to move back inside where the action is.
He does look better, actually, but not so much better that Dean would consider giving him a clean bill of health and setting him free on a date with Hannah.
Benny raises an eyebrow, a sardonic smile pulling up one side of his mouth. "Take you there, or put you there?"
Castiel doesn’t argue, just hooks a leg behind Dean’s knees and flips him onto his back, tearing at his leather jacket as Dean forces the trench coat off his shoulders. It’s awkward and rushed, but after a few minutes of shuffling, their clothes lay piled between the seats, forgotten in the wake of Castiel’s lips on Dean’s over heated, sweat sticky skin.
“Two day-passes, please,” Castiel says, speaking to the girl in the booth, who stares at him like she’s looking straight into the eyes of an angel.
Dean jerks back, getting his mouth off Castiel just in time, but he gets a face-full of semen as Castiel’s orgasm hits. Thick, creamy come hits him right in the face, coating his freckles and dripping over his bruised lips. Castiel groans, taking himself in hand to rub out the rest of his orgasm.
“You’d need to be dating first,” Sam says, looking back to his screen with what is definitely an eye-roll.
“Oh, look!” Charlie cries, pointing out the window as their car passes rows and rows of trees, thick branches hanging heavy with fruit and going on for miles. “You know, we have apple orchards back home—nothing like this, of course, but I’d bet Dad’s got the staff harvesting as we speak.”
Dean's out of his seat and across the room before she finishes the question, but he spins around to answer her anyway. "I've got to go, but we'll catch up later, yeah?"
"Uh, yeah, that's me." Dean pulls back a little more, trying to figure out how the hell he's getting out of here now. "I need to be somewhere—"
“Hannah,” Castiel says, and Dean doesn’t look to see his smile, though he’s happy that Hannah gets to stay. She steps off the front platform and glides over to Castiel, her royal heritage apparent in every step. “Hannah, will you accept this rose?”
“Okay, boy,” Susie says, drawing his attention back to her. “We're all done. Just in time, too.” She grins up at him—that rare, pleased smile that he only gets when he's done all she's asked him to do and without complaint. “These should be ready by the morning, so you will start a fresh week with a fresh
“This plan of yours is inconsistent, reckless, and incredibly one-sided, and to top it off, it would put so much strain on the upper-classes, that it could send the whole economy crashing down.”
“No, I just… I don’t want someone random is all.” He jerks his shoulders in an awkward shrug, refusing to meet Dean’s gaze.
He can’t live in a place where everyone hates him, no matter how wonderful Castiel it. He just can’t do that to himself.
tomorrow." He cocks his head to the side, his hair falling onto his forehead as the hallway dips and spins.
“It’s my orchard, so I suppose I am.” Then he grins, holding out his bitten apple, untouched side towards Dean. “Would you like some?”
"Abandoned servant passageways. We no longer find them useful, and the staff much prefer to travel through the main hallways, so the only one who uses them now is me." Castiel shrugs like it's the most obvious thing in the world, but Dean can't stop looking at the way the shadows play on his face.
Dean’s heart sinks. “A misunderstanding,” he cuts in, but Castiel’s hand squeezes his leg in a silent
“Wait here,” he tell Cas, slamming Baby’s door shut with a rusty groan. Fuck, at this point, if there isn’t a room, he’ll haul Cas into the backseat of the Impala and have his way with him.
Dean flips over with a huff and screws his eyes shut. He’s going to go to sleep whether his body likes it or not, damnit!
Dean scowls. “Wait,” he says, pulling back to look at Castiel more closely. “Have you been skating this whole time?”
Duma drops it, veering off to talk about Michael's exit from the palace and the coming events, but the duel-rule sticks in his mind, sending a wash of unease through him.
A blush rises in his prince’s cheeks, slow and deep, but Dean’s burning so hot himself, he hardly notices. He doesn’t respond—how can he? What can he possibly say to match the raw, pulsing emotion rising inside him with every word that falls from Castiel’s mouth. God, this man…
Kelly’s sobs cut off, and Dean can feel her eyes on him like twin daggers, but he can’t look. Why does he feel so guilty? This is on her—it’s
He’s about to have an interview in front of a live audience with someone he doesn’t know asking questions and there’s
Now, he's more confident in who he is, and that realization emboldens him enough to untie the knot at his belly button and let the robe fall from his shoulders, slide down his arms, before landing in a dark blue puddle at his feet.
"Well..." He shrugs, an awkward, uncomfortable little grin twitching his lips. "I'm happy to still be here, obviously, but," he pauses, a sigh escaping him as his shoulders sag and he looks at the ceiling. "It was hard seeing Jo get sent home, especially after how excited she was about her date on Wednesday. She didn't expect it at all, and I'm sure I won't, either, when it happens, but..." He shrugs again, the pit in his stomach souring as he imagines how Jo must feel. "I don't blame Cas, obviously—I can't even begin to understand how hard this is for him—but she was completely blindsided, you know?"
“Number six! Charlie Bradbury. The fiery red-head gets next to no screen-time beyond her friendship with Winchester, so she isn’t all that well-known.” Duma quirks an eyebrow, looking straight into the camera. “Dean seems to be a popular man!”
Castiel’s voice cracks, whether with anger or hurt, Dean doesn’t know, but the implications of what his prince is saying breaks his heart.
,” Kelly says, sidling up next to Dean. He jumps when fingers graze his arm, lingering longer than necessary, and Dean’s eyes snap to Kelly, who bites her bottom lip and eyes him up and down.
“And you look lovely,” Dean says, allowing her to duck into the car before him. When they’re all inside and the door is closed behind him, Dean can’t help but marvel at the beauty of the interior of the vehicle.
With a final wave, Dean follows Susie down the hall, not a word spoken, but a thousand things left unsaid.
“Have you told the others about the party?” Dean asks, thinking it’s probably better not to just yet. Who knows how well they can keep a secret.
. Don’t be making up lies in that pretty little head of yours, huh? They’d be here if they could.” She strokes her fingers through his hair, not even making a face at the tangles, before brushing the tears from his cheeks.
“It has your name on it,” Dean says, unable to keep quiet as nervous energy sings through him. “On the back, there. And it’s an angel feather because… well,
Castiel grins without looking up a Dean, focussing on brushing Cookie's chest and neck. “Also mine. Both the appaloosas are.” Castiel latches the door when he exits Cookie’s stall, setting the brush on the ledge before wandering over to stand beside Dean. “I received Brigit last year.” He glances at Dean from the corner of his eye. “Another birthday present. Don’t tell Hael, but I’m gifting her Brigit’s foal as her first horse. She should be here by Hael’s eighth birthday in the spring.”
“Green, blue, or purple,” the teen working the booth asks, pointing to the lower shelf full of sloths of various colours.
“Where are we going?” he asks, not really expecting an answer since the man’s face is set in an impassive, stony mask, but he does answer, though he doesn’t look at Dean as he speaks.
"From an older gentleman?" Duma asks, and when Dean reads the name, he recognizes it as the butcher who used to cut the ends off of pork roasts for him to take home to his mom.
got hurt!” His voice cracks—breaks, then shatters—and Dean stops dead in his tracks. “I’m trying to keep you safe, but you’re making it so… so
This one, at first, wasn't my favourite chapter, but after a re-read, I kind of love it? Soft boys. They're just the softest boys.
"Reviews, thoughts, opinions, and testimonies." Duma rests her elbow on her crossed knees, and her chin in her palm, watching as Dean reads the first line. "All about you."
For a long moment, all Castiel does is stare with those crystalline eyes, searching for something Dean doesn't understand. But then he clears his throat and tears his gaze away.
"Yeah, of course! You're the prince first, right?" He shakes his head, feeling ridiculous and incompetent as he stands from the couch. "Don't worry about it if you don't have time; I'll figure it out." He steps away, and he knows Castiel's only half listening when he nods. "Good luck with your work, Cas."
I don't think there's anything to warn for in this chapter, though I supposed there is some mild, just-for-fun violence in the form of sword fighting, but that's it.
But when Dean glances up, all the guards stand stiff, ready and waiting for… something. Every muscle is pulled taut, hands by their sides, brushing weapons hidden from view, and their watchful eyes hold Dean’s, untrusting in a way that ices his blood.
“I don’t know, Cas. Why don’t you open one?” Dean grins at the tiny frown wrinkling his prince’s brow.
Hannah stares at him for a moment, her mouth open the tiniest crack like she doesn’t know what to say. Then she smiles and it’s
"Anytime." He pulls Castiel closer with an arm around his back, feeling the ripple of muscle and bone as they move.
Dean kisses him and the world implodes. Their mouths move together, tongues tangling and hands feeling everywhere they can reach. “Definitely not straight,” Dean breathes when they pull apart, and Castiel laughs.
Castiel smiles, cocking his head to one side as he raises an eyebrow and sits back in his chair. “Were you any good?”
but it doesn't seem like he'll be getting any of that judging by the sound of the door opening and closing behind him as he stalks down the hall.
“How did you enjoy yourself?” Castiel is asking April, off in the corner. Dean tries not to look over, but he can’t help the quick glance he shoots their way, finding them not-quite close enough to touch, and Castiel’s got that smile on his face.
Dean’s head drops and he opens his eyes, finding himself much further back than he thought. Charlie and Hannah are a good ways off, closer to the barracks than they are to him, and they’re waving for him to hurry up.
But Castiel jerks his hand away, taking a quick step back when Alfie’s radio beeps, and breaking eye-contact to look at the young cameraman. “The sound should be turned off on that, Alfie.”
,” Charlie says, handing the shots to Dean with a wink and a grin. “Don’t say I never do anything for you.”
Dean smiles, contentment stealing over him as the halls open up, widening and brightening as the windows gradually take up more space on the walls. They don’t pass a soul along the way, which is odd considering how often Dean sees staff around.
It’s the one thing turning over in his mind as Charlie and Hannah move further away. They do put a lot into that damn show, so it’s not impossible, he’d just like to think there’s more to his presence than appeasing the public.
And what the fuck is the national guard? Dean’s heart drops to his shoes as dread sinks in, and the realization of how serious this is, with it. They fucked up
This took sooo long to write and I don't even know why. Okay, I do, but it shouldn't have. Anyway, again, I don't know if there will be two chapters this week because I'm pretty busy, but we'll see.
to declare his sexuality for everyone to hear? What if someone he knows is here? What if someone from his
“I’m surprised no one’s come to find you.” The halls are quiet as Castiel closes the door at the bottom of the staircase, not a soul in sight.
Dean can’t help the smile that creeps across his face at the sight in front of him. Fuck, the kid out did himself. Castiel’s head is soaked to the scalp, lashes dripping with soda, dark rivulets of root beer trickling down his throat, and a dark spot staining his pristine uniform.
"It would seem so," he murmurs without really knowing what he's saying, but with his heart pounding and more than a little trepidation skipping through his veins, he can do nothing but stick close to Castiel's side and hope to high heaven that he's not heading straight for the lion's den.
“Alright, I suppose you need to practice this, too. Hold onto the saddle there,” he points to the place he wants Dean to hold, and Dean does. “Then slide your right leg over.” Dean does that, too, getting his right leg over to the left side. “You need to make sure your foot isn’t going to get caught—no, Dean!”
Sure, the playback is funny, and everyone in the room laughs, but it feels like he's watching it all from a distance, separate from his own thoughts and feelings. Yeah, that's him, but really, it could be anybody.
Dean rolls his eyes but gets back to the task at hand. He strides down the hall, long legs carrying him with purpose, and he can hear Castiel a few paces behind.
Dean hasn't seen Castiel all day, but he tries to remember his words from the night before. He'll speak to him; tell his prince about his idea and hope to God Castiel's poker face stays as solid as ever.
"No!" Dean shouts, his heart trying to escape through his ribcage as he leaps for the book, snatching it up and holding it to his chest before Castiel can see what's inside. "That's mine."
A flash of bright, sunshiny yellow catches his eye, tucked between an overcoat and the wall, and Dean grins.
Dean drags his fingers through the pink, purple, and blue face paint Charlie set out for him, swiping horizontal lines on both cheeks, before cleaning his fingers off by pushing them through his hair.
“Hmm,” she hums, leaning in, too. She places a finger on her lips, pretending to be thinking hard about it. “Oh, definitely him. The one tossing back the mimosas? That guy’s a real trophy.”
"Speak for yourself. I had more of those damn pancakes than you." Charlie narrows her eyes on Hannah, then Dean, but there's no real heat in her gaze.
But Thursday passes through Friday, and on to Saturday. Castiel's birthday party, and the way he looks at Dean onscreen like he's the center of the sun. His heart skips a few beats when he glances over at his flesh and blood prince, finding his eyes still locked on the screen, but smiling, and his fingers twining around something hanging from his neck.
Pleasure boils low in his stomach, building into a groan, and Castiel has to tip his head back and look at the ceiling to keep from coming right then and there. Castiel wouldn’t say Dean’s overly skilled, but what he lacks in experience, he makes up for in enthusiasm, sucking and licking over Castiel’s cock like it’s a fucking popsicle.
“Okay,” Dean says, grateful just for the chance to hug his mom. “Um, did you want to come in?” Anxiety floods him as soon as he asks, because his prince is tolerant and kind, but Dean is, like,
“Oh, no need!” his mom says, waving Castiel off as Dean hugs his dad, who stands from his chair in a rush when they round the corner.
let them make you feel less than you are, do you hear?” She doesn’t break eye-contact, obviously expecting an answer, but Dean doesn’t know what to say.
!” Castiel’s voice fills the amphitheater, booming and furious, and Dean would be lying if he said he didn’t stumble back a little from the intensity of it. “That’s
It could be any of them, and Dean panics, suddenly terrified that he’s being sent home. Maybe they think having him at the ball will be an embarrassment? Maybe something’s happened with his family and he needs to go home? Maybe—
A set of double doors—that blend so perfectly into the wall, he hadn’t noticed them—swing open, blinding light spilling in through the amphitheatre on the other side. The din of the crowd has Dean stumbling into the stone behind him, his heart leaping into his throat as all eyes turn to them.
With his shoes swinging by his fingers and his toes going numb, Dean keeps his head down as he walks. He doesn't even see where he's going, but when their voices fade to nothing, he thinks he's far enough away to be safe.
Asa appears to think about it for a moment.  “You know...maybe I do.”  He steps a little way from his door and onto the walk and turns slowly as if to orient himself.  Finally, he settles facing what would have been north and a little east on Earth, based on the sun’s current position.  He points in that direction.  “Some folks have been having problems with a river that way that keeps flooding.  No one can figure out why, since it shouldn’t happen at all.”  He turns to face Dean again.  “If I had to guess, I’d say your angel went there next.”
"Keep going," the angel says, and Dean abruptly realizes it's the first thing Cas has said during this entire encounter.  "The...discomfort is limited to the vessel.  It does not affect me."
The kid appears a moment later.  “What’s wron- oh.”  He peers curiously at the twisted mass with an almost human head.  “I see.”  He raises a hand and slowly walks closer to it.  “Hi, I’m Jack.”
“I think what she means,” Jo says, picking up where Charlie left off as Charlie goes to hug Sam as well, “is that we’re glad to see you even if the circumstances are less than ideal.”
Dean drops his hand to his shoulder instead, gripping tightly to both now.  “Do you blame me for not searching for you after the Empty took you?  For trying to live my life without you?”
“Woah, wait, Cas!”  Dean makes a desperate grab for the angel’s arm but misses and grasps empty air instead.
Dean and Cas stare down at where Jack and Anna had been.  “Well, that’s great and all, but what about you?”  He looks over to Cas.  “You’re not finished healing.  You’re still leaking grace.”  He gestures to one of the visible cuts on Cas’s arm.
Dean goes to the railing and leans on it.  It's not long before he feels something shift behind him and he
His joke to Cas about opening up a B&B had probably been the closest he’d come to admitting what he really wanted.  A place where hunters were welcome and could relax without the imminent threat of a monster attack.  A place for information on the big bads as well as a supply depot for the harder to get weapons and spell ingredients.
From what Dean can tell, he thinks they're winning.  Now that Jack has joined the fray, the ominous cloud cover has stopped advancing, but it hasn't receded either.
“I don’t know,” Sam answers.  “If I had to guess, I’d say he’s feeling guilty, too.  He probably thinks it’s better if he stays away.”  There’s a pause before Sam adds, “it wouldn’t be the first time.”
Before Dean knows, he’s closing the distance between and folding her into a hug.  “Thank you!”  He lets her go just as quickly as he’d grabbed her and heads for his car.
It’s Cas who answers.  “The shadows…I wasn’t sure, at first, what I was seeing.  I didn’t want to believe what I was seeing.  But then Jack told me about how the…goo…sticks to angelic grace.”  He holds up a black-smeared hand as evidence.  “And now I’m fairly certain that the core of each of these creatures is an angel.  A mostly intact angel.”
There is something hesitant in Cas' voice when he asks his next question.  "Do you have any ideas of the things you would want in your home?"
Jack nods.  “I know.  But it still feels like it’s my responsibility to fix it.”  He leans down and rests a hand on the inert form.  “I’ll be back in a few days,” he says and then vanishes.
Jack looks back at him, face solemn.  "I think I know what happened now."  He turns back to look at the roiling mass, blue lightning streaking through it.  "Cas won't be able to hold it back by himself much longer.  I should go."
Dean frowns in thought.  “I know that name…”  It comes to him in a flash.  His mother, a demon, Jody possessed.  “I was at your funeral with my mom.”
Then, he hears the front door slam and when he looks up, it’s to blue eyes staring at them, wide and hurt, for all that the rest of Cas’s face remains expressionless.  And that’s all it takes for Dean to snap out of his idle state.  He takes hold of Anna’s shoulders, pushing her back firmly.  “Cas!”  He calls.  “Wait!”
It’s horrifying and fascinating all at once.  And it’s creeping closer, so Dean steps on the gas a little harder and races up the hill.  They get to the top unscathed, and Dean is relieved to see that the water doesn’t go above a certain level, still well below the top of the hill.  It’s still enough to leave most homes submerged.
Asa gives him a look that somehow conveys confusion and amusement all at once.  “We’re in Heaven.  We ain’t got nothin’ but time.”
Dean smiles at him, swallowing around the lump in his throat.  “Cas, I might be a good man, with or without you, but I’d rather be with you.  A hundred percent.  You make me wanna be better.”  He lightly caresses the angel’s cheek with his thumb.  “You make me want to be the man you see me as, instead of the one I, and everyone else, thought I was.”
Dean gives him his ‘I am an innocent man and in no way trouble’ grin.  “I hope so.  I’m looking for someone.”
It causes his heart to flutter a little, when Cas says it.  Not that he'd admit it to anyone, if he was asked.  “Glad to hear it.”  He closes the distance between them.
It’s getting late by the time the movie finishes.  Cas is starting lean more heavily onto Dean.  He coaxes Cas to standing and, like he had the first night, leads Cas to his room.  He goes to the bathroom again to let Cas change.  Slow, he reminds himself.  They have all of eternity.  And, to be honest, Dean is enjoying this unhurried ease into intimacy.  Rarely has Dean had the chance to enjoy touch just for the sake of touching.
For a moment, Cas looks like he's going to argue again, but instead he just heaves a deep sigh and looks away from Dean.  "Fine."
“Would that really be such a bad thing?”  Cas asks, his voice smaller than Dean has ever heard it before.
"Might hurt a little. Sorry," Dean grunts and then slips in a finger to the first knuckle.  It's tight and the spit is barely enough to ease the intrusion, but Cas says nothing.  He doesn't even flinch.
He's not really in the habit of fucking dudes, but he's been alive long enough that he knows he can't just go in dry.  He doesn't have lube, so he sticks two fingers in his mouth, and wets them thoroughly.  Once he deems it good enough, he trails them down beneath Cas's balls to the tight furl behind them.  He traces a wet fingertip over it.  "This okay?"
Dean throws his head back and laughs.  He’s in Heaven, he has Cas in his arms, and they might just be able to save some angels.  Dean can’t remember the last time he’d felt so happy.
Dean picks up the pace, slamming into the angel hard enough now that the table is rocking with his efforts.  Cas is still gripping the edge of it, knuckles white, his head thrown far enough back that Dean can't see his expression.
"But it would be nice if there was a place where you could always return to where you could be sure of your welcome?"  Cas continues to frown down at him.  "Your childhood home does not fulfill this need?"
He buries his face into the curve where the angel's neck meets his shoulder, gulping in deep breaths as he tries to hold still for a moment to let Cas adjust to the intrusion.  After a few moments, he hears the angel telling him to move, and he does.  He pulls back and thrusts in hard.
He gives a desperate whine, too far gone to be embarrassed at the noise.  It's not enough.  He needs more.  "Cas…" he begs.
He turns away from where he’d been leaning over the railing and heads back to the Impala.  “Yeah.  He looked good.  Happy.”
Cas looks nervously off to the side.  “This is about my confession.  About Anna.  I know you two had a connection, before…”
Dean isn’t looking at Cas now.  His vision is focused on a distant point over the angel’s shoulder.  Can’t they- he- catch a break for one frickin’ moment?  All he wants is to enjoy his heaven with his family and his angel by his side.  Is that so much to ask?
Slowly, Jack reaches out to her and presses his fingertips to her forehead.  “This might hurt.  I’m sorry.”  Then, bright light pours from fingers and envelopes the shadow being.
"Awesome!"  Dean claps him soundly on the shoulder before turning back to the table and starts picking up empty plates.  "How about you help me clean the dishes?"
Jack smiles at him, the awkward shy one that tells Dean he just wants to do what is right but is still afraid of what Dean will think of him.  Dean regrets that he's the cause of such an expression on any kid's face, let alone his own.  "I can tell you he's heading north. I gave him the task of tweaking some individual heavens… we're still working out some kinks."
The kid bites at his lip before speaking again.  “Do you think we could start the car and go?  I’m tired and Cas is going to need to rest for a while as well.”  He looks up at Dean from under his lashes, earnest and Bambi-like.  “I promise I’ll explain everything.”
Cas looks up from his contemplation of his plate, appearing affronted at the notion of being a less than capable warrior.  "We were fighting thousands of them.  You try battling two against those odds and see how you come out of it."  Sassy Cas might just be Dean's favorite.  As long as it isn’t directed at him.
Cas still looks like he’s covered in greasy smears.  Luckily, Jack’s prediction seems to be holding true and it’s not rubbing off on anything else.
Cas looks good in his clothes and he has to look away before he does something stupid like grab the stupid son of a bitch and kiss his stupid face.  Dean wants to do things right.  They need to talk first.  There's so much between them that needs to be said before anything can happen.  At least, that's what Dean tells himself as they climb into bed together.
He didn't know how long he spent on that floor, ignoring his phone before reality returned to him.  Dean had wanted to ignore Sam so badly, had wanted to give up then and there, he knew he couldn’t.  Cas wouldn’t have wanted him to.
They sit back down at the table and catch up.  It’s good, talking to his mom again.  He's missed her.  Hell, he missed his dad too.  A little.  It's complicated, with his father, and he's not quite ready to explore all his emotions surrounding the older man.  Others stop by to talk with him and Sam, but for the most part, it’s just the four of them sitting in that corner, catching up.  They’re something like a family for the first time since Mary Winchester burned to death on the ceiling of their home in Lawrence.  Dean doesn’t ever remember feeling so content.
Cas closed Dean’s connection to him.  He heard Dean but won’t be answering his prayers any time soon.  For a few minutes, Dean allows the sadness to overtake him, but then it is quickly followed by anger.
Dean wakes up late the next morning in his old bedroom.  For a moment, he wonders if he’s dreamed his entire life.  But then it all comes rushing back to him.  The hunt, the pain and pressure through his back, Bobby.  He’s dead and he’s in Heaven lying in a bed much bigger than his childhood one that had been in his childhood home.
Slowly, he buckles his jeans and pulls his shirt back on.  He sees Cas do the same, covering the marks Dean had left on his body.  It means something, he thinks, that Cas is choosing to leave the bruises rather than heal them, but he can't let himself think about it anymore than that right now.
He gets an odd look from John, but his father says nothing, just looks quietly contemplative at the scene across from him for several minutes before turning his attention back to the movie.  Cas questions every other scene-
Chapter title song Ghosttown- Madonna  (Okay, so it's not classic rock, but I'm obsessed with the song right now and it's the last chapter.)
“I’m okay!”  He disentangles himself from the angel.  “It didn’t get me,” he has enough time to say before he has to dodge again.  This time, they go in opposite directions, and Cas pulls out his angel blade, slashing at the creature.
As Dean drives, he thinks about who he is most excited to see now that he’s on the other side.  His mother, of course, is one.  His father, less so. For all that Dean knows the man had loved him and his brother, he also knows that John had not been a good father.  He’d been too bitter and broken from his wife's death for that.  There were so many things wrong with how John had raised them. Dean can see that now.  Because of Cas.
Dean shrugs.  “Guess I just wanted to spend some time doing one of my favorite things with one of my favorite people.”
"So, you here to help me find your father?"  Dean figures there's no point beating around the bush at this juncture.  If Jack is here, it's because he heard his prayer and knows what Dean is going to ask anyway.
Cas twirls his blade and stows it somewhere Dean can't see.  He doesn't even want to think about how that works considering Cas is only in jeans and a T-shirt.  "I see."
Dean bites at his lip.  “How the hell do I pin down a 'multi-dimensional wavelength of celestial intent' that can teleport wherever he wants?”
Dean grabs his wrist before he can storm away.  “No!  Shit!  No, Cas, it’s not wrong.”  He tugs gently at the warm wrist in his grasp.  “Sit back down.  We’ll talk about it.”
For a moment, Dean considers just grabbing Cas and running, but he can hear Bobby enter through the front door and he'll be in front of the kitchen entrance in just a few more steps.  He gives Cas a look that he hopes conveys 'this isn't over' before he yells out, "here Bobby" and goes to the doorway, wiping his hands on a towel.  Cas stays at the sink, studiously drying the last plate.
Cas shakes his head.  “All angels know love, of the filial type.  What a child feels for their parent. But romantic love…” and here Dean swears he sees a dusting of red on the angel’s cheeks, “is a very different concept.”
He’s filling a glass with water from the tap when the night comes rushing back to him.  Cas was there.  The angel had been in that very bar, less than twenty feet from Dean, and had run away before Dean had the chance to talk to him.  He also remembers telling Sam of his intent to hunt the angel down and demand answers.
He’s been going down the same back road for another forty or so minutes when he comes across a small bridge and something urges him to stop, so he does.  He throws the car into park, turns off the engine and gets out, enjoying the sight of a peaceful river and sunlight glinting through fall foliage, a light breeze stirring the air.
“But not so upset that he’s taking risks to prove himself ‘useful.’”  Jack smiles.  “You talked to him.”
,” blares the Impala happily.  Dean disentangles one hand from Cas’s hair to show his middle finger to the car.  “
A permanent residence where he could wake up in the same bed every morning with the same person.  They’d have a room with a view of the mountains and a lake.  And his family would be close by, or at least would visit often, and everyone would be
He’s thinking about leaning in to study those eyes from up close, but he shakes his head instead.  Now isn’t the time for that.  They have hybrid Empty nightmares to deal with.  Apparently, that’s a thing now.  “I’m fine, Cas.”
It was great seeing Bobby again; Dean thinks as he drives away in the Impala.  His Bobby, and not that almost-but-not-quite-right Apocalypse world one.  The man had been more of a father to him than his own, he can admit to himself now.
Dean collects his share of the drinks and they make their way back to the table their parents have been waiting for them at.  “Yeah.  I’ll do that.”
"Dad, I get that you don't really know Jack and Cas, yet, but Eileen's right."  Dean looks at his son and his best friend.  "They're family.  And we don't leave family hangin' when they need us."  His gaze steadies on Cas.
Feeling too anxious to keep driving, he stops the car and gets out.  The air is autumn cool, but Dean hardly notices.  His eyes are fixated on the churning clouds and the sparks of blue, now joined with yellow, that streak through it.
“I didn’t say anything,” Sam says, holding up his hands and sitting down next to his brother at the island.  “So, what’s on the agenda for tomorrow then?”
Dean needs something.  Anything.  Everything is going to shit and he can't do one goddamn thing about any of it.  It makes him feel like he's going to crawl out of his skin.  He needs to
Finally, Cas says, “You came out here because you’re a good friend, Dean.  But that’s all I am to you.  What you have with Anna, it’s stronger.  I know that.”
“How long have I loved you?”  Dean feels his cheeks heat a little, but nods.  “Ah, as Hester said, the very moment I laid a hand on you, I was lost.  Whatever happened in Hell when I grasped you, it spread over time.”
Dean looks down, trying to hide the blush he knows wants to spread across his cheeks.  “We worked some things out.  There’s still some stuff left to be said, but…” he shrugs, not really sure how to articulate two lifetimes of abandonment issues and several years of repression.
“Or it makes things much simpler.”  He gestures to the door of his house.  “Did you want to come in for a bit?”
Sam must read it in his face, because he holds up his hands, placating.  “I’m not asking you to tell me what happened.  I’m just saying that Cas has always held your opinion in high regard.  He’ll listen to you.”
He works the finger in and out a few times before he takes it out, wets them again, and shoves in both fingers.  Cas makes a noise then, flinching just barely, and Dean freezes.  "Cas?"
He's beautiful, Cas is.  His chest is heaving with every breath.  His lips are swollen from Dean's kisses.  His hipbones stand out starkly from his torso, drawing Dean's eye to his erection that is leaking precome onto his stomach.
It's that look on Cas' face that helps facilitate Dean's realization that Cas probably has worse self-esteem issues than Dean does that resolves him.  He's going to talk to Cas, properly, as soon as he can.  Preferably, right after breakfast.  They can take a drive out to that bridge where he met up with Sammy. They'll talk and figure out what they need to, and Dean will make sure that Cas knows that he’s wanted.  That Dean wants him here.  With him.
Cas digs the fingers of one hand into Dean's shoulder to the point of being almost painful.  "Just do it, Dean."  He releases Dean's shoulder and grips the table edge again.
"Cas, we just had the family discussion.  Don't make me repeat it."  He locks his gaze with the angel.  "It'll be nice, having you around."
Dean focuses back on the road, staring straight ahead.  “Good.  Wanna tell me what the hell those things were then?”
He cups his hand against the angel's cheek.  "Just thinking it would be nice if we had our own place."  He slides his other hand down low on Cas' back.  "Wouldn't have to worry about being interrupted anymore."
The head on his shoulder moves, soft hair tickling his jaw as Cas shifts.  He cards the fingers of the hand not trapped underneath the angel through the dark strands.  "You awake?"  He rumbles softly.
Whatever Cas is about to say is interrupted by a knock on the door and Sam's voice calling.  "Breakfast is ready."
It's Sam's turn to shake his head at Dean.  “You didn’t see him in that barn, Dean.  You didn’t watch him fall apart while holding your body.”  He clutches at Dean’s shoulders.  “You didn’t listen to him beg Jack to let him bring you back.”  Dean watches as tears fall from his brother’s eyes.  “I’ve never seen him so broken, Dean.  He begged and pleaded until Jack came-”
So, all he’s really left with is finding the angel and getting a hand on him before he can flit away.  Disgruntled at his lack of solutions, Dean clambers into the front seat and starts Baby up.  This time she croons to him.
Soon, he's ripping off the angel's coat, nipping and biting at whatever available skin he can reach.  Cas kisses him back, hesitantly.  He helps get both of their clothes off and lets Dean maneuver him onto the nearest available flat surface, which happens to be a table.
And there was the question Dean has been trying to answer by himself for days.  "I don't know," he answers in the same soft voice as before.  "I've been trying to figure it out for a while now, but all I come up with are different versions of places I've lived."
“Jack brought you home.”  Dean says, when the angel still seems to have trouble figuring out what he’s doing back in the house.
Anna smiles at him.  “I feel much better.”  She looks at Jack.  “Thanks to Jack, I feel almost like my old self again.”
They fall into a routine over the next few days.  Jack pops in for breakfast or lunch, stays long enough to draw off some more of the black gunk that’s sticking to Cas like glue, before popping out again.  Cas wanders off immediately after Jack leaves.  Where he goes, Dean isn’t sure.  He tries to follow the angel but loses him each time.  He suspects that Cas is not keeping as strictly to Jack’s command of ‘no using grace’ as he should be.
Dean’s shaking his head before Sam even finishes.  “No, Sam, you got it all wrong.  Didn’t you see how he reacted when I called out to him?”
Cas rests his hands on the curves of Dean’s shoulders; one right where his mark had been and the other directly opposite.  “As long as I don’t use my grace, I should be fine.”
Jack is right.  Cas hasn’t gotten very far.  Dean’s been driving for less than fifteen minutes when he spots a crumpled form in an onion field and he instinctively knows it’s Cas.  He’s got the car over on the side of the road and is stumbling out of it before he even realizes that he’s moved.
Jack nods.  “It got into some of his wounds.  I healed what I could, but between the battle and closing the tear they came through…”
After, they lay panting against each other, Cas absently stroking up and down Dean's bare back and Dean’s got his head buried in the space between the angel’s shoulder and neck.  It's comfortable, for all that it's not really.  He's sticky with drying come and his back is starting to hurt from being hunched over, but he wouldn't trade this moment for the world.
Dean rubs his hand through the hair on the back of his head.  “Uh, yeah?  Sorry, Ellen.  Wanted to take a drive first.”  He looks around the bar, full of old friends, hunters, and family.  “Also, we didn’t know this was happening.”
The man squints at him.  “In Heaven?  I thought most people were supposed to be surrounded by all the company they could ever want or need.”  Dean stops a few feet away from the man and looks around pointedly at the desolate field the man’s house is in the middle of.
Dean squeezes the hand in his grasp gently.  “While I wish you hadn’t had to go through what you did back then, I can’t say I’m sorry for it, since it got us here.”
His view gets blocked by Rufus coming to say ‘hi’ and by the time he makes it to the table with his mother, Cas is gone.  He stares at the empty spot for a moment before turning to Mary.  “I didn’t just imagine the blue-eyed angel in a dirty trench coat, did I?”
He leans down over Cas and traces his fingers over the new cuts the angel had acquired.  They heal immediately.  Not from the shadow monster fight then.  Just from Cas being stupid.  It makes something incredibly angry well up from deep within Dean.
that advances on him.  It's truly disgusting, he thinks as he backs away.  It looks like it's melting and reforming all at once.  Every so often, the dredge clears just enough for him to see bits and pieces of what looks like bone and feather and muscle.
“Dammit!”  Dean curses, running towards the house, Anna forgotten in his hurry to get to the house.  His only thought is to see if Jack will be willing to track Cas down for him so he can explain.  “Jack!”
She’s getting uncomfortably close now, but Dean figures that’s just how angels are.  Cas used to do it all the time.  Still does, to be honest, though now Dean welcomes the intimacy rather than finding it uncomfortable.  While Anna was human for some time, she’d spent most of her life as an angel.  There’s probably something to be said for falling back into old habits.
Jack bites at his lip, fingers fidgeting restless before answering.  "Um, well, not as such."  He at least has the decency to look apologetic as he answers.
If Dean is being honest, he's never really given much thought about the type of home he'd want for himself.
Dean smirks.  "I intend to."  And with that, he's getting into Baby and turning the engine over.  'Nightrain' is already playing over the speakers.  He gives the stereo an odd look before deciding to leave it and swinging the steering wheel around, heading north towards clear blue skies.
He ignores the soft ‘Dean’ Cas says in protest and stares at Jack. The kid looks down, guilty.  “I tried.  Whatever...goo, those things leaked, it’s sticky.  I’m having a difficult time getting it off, and out of, Cas.”
- like Dean knew he would.  Eventually, he takes the hand he had laying along the back of the couch and wraps it around Cas’s mouth.
Maybe it’s time to change that.  So, he turns the car around and heads back the way they came.  It isn’t long before he sees the neon lights in the distance.  Dean suspects Heaven mojo-fuckery in how they get there so quickly despite having driven all day, but he’s grateful and decides not to question it.  Also, the Impala has been at three-quarters full the entire day, just like how he'd left it when he'd died.
After that it’s wet and messy and so good.  All heat and smooth skin and desperate kisses.  Cas’s fingernails dig into the skin around Dean’s shoulder blades leaving marks that Dean wills to stay for at least a little while.  Dean, for his part, tries to suck permanent marks onto Cas’s collar bones.  Dean is barely able to get his own jeans out of the way, even with the angel's help before they come together all over Cas's stomach.
Anna turns to look at Cas first, who still has his blade in hand, but slightly lowered.  He nods.  She turns back to Jack.  “
And suddenly, Dean can’t wait anymore.  Phil’s right.  He’s been waiting his entire life for this.  He’d be stupid to let it pass him by because he’s afraid of saying a few words.  So, gently, he hooks a finger under Cas’s jaw and tips his head up, looking him in the eyes.  “I want you to listen to me very carefully, you giant feather-duster.  All right?”
Dean nips and sucks at bare thighs before standing back up and kissing Cas again.  It's more of an actual kiss this time instead of the assault from before.  He steps back and unbuckles his jeans, sliding them down his thighs far enough to get his dick out before crowding back in and slotting himself into the angel's hip.  He gives a couple little thrusts against the soft skin there, groaning at the relief the little bit of friction brings.
“I’m sure he’s just been busy,” Dean says firmly over Sam.  “Guy always did have more going on than he’d tell us.”  It’s weak, even to Dean’s ears, but he doesn’t even want to think about the other possibility.
Cas will wander back in some time after dinner, looking wearier and more unkempt than he did before Jack scraped off the goo earlier that day.  Further proof, in Dean’s book, that the angel is not keeping to Jack’s orders in an effort to avoid Dean.  And the times Cas does stick around, it’s to help around the house or he’s organizing the incoming hunters who have come to volunteer their time in keeping an eye on the nightmare-shadows situation.  Cas is never alone.
“No.  No Cas.”  The pause is too long, Dean knows it.  He knows Sam notices it, but his brother ignores it.
Gradually, silence falls over the car as Dean drives.  The sun is edging towards the horizon, and isn’t that something?  They have actual day and night cycles here.  Sunsets.  Clouds.  Dust.  It’s organic, not sterile like how the others had described it to him before.  Beautiful.
Cas wakes up a little over an hour later.  The house is quiet, everyone having miraculously found something else to do for the day that isn’t hovering around Dean and the injured angel.  Dean watches as Cas takes in his surroundings with a confused slant to his eyes and sits up to stare at the far wall.
Watching Cas smoothly maneuver from stance to stance makes Dean's mouth water.  He swallows as he eyes Cas's lean muscled form as it glides through one form then another.  He's wearing Dean's clothes again and Dean is just thinking maybe he should take a cold shower when Cas speaks
At some point during his restless tossing and turning he must fall asleep, because the next thing he is aware of, is weak morning light filtering in through the Impala’s windows.  He sits up slowly, faintly aware that he should be hungry, having not eaten for the last two days, but not feeling like he needs to eat.  He still pulls his pack containing a bag of trail mix to him and munches on it as he sits in the backseat and contemplates his next moves.
But it is.  The face is Cas as he’d seen him just one day before.  He’s still wearing the same outfit of loose cargo pants, T-shirt, and red zip-up hoodie.  His face is pale and as Dean shakes him and calls his name, there is no response.  Quickly, Dean gathers Cas into his arms and hefts him over his shoulder.  The angel is heavy and Dean stumbles under the weight, but he makes it back to the car anyway.
Dean can’t help but feel his gaze soften and become fond when he looks at Jo.  It’s been so long since she died, and he can’t help but be glad that she’s here.  “Hey, Jo.”
Cas’s eyes widened and his mouth slack open with surprise.  “Dean, no, you’re a good man.  You’ve always been a good man.  You don’t need me for that.”
Dean leads Cas to his room and makes him sit on the edge of the mattress while he takes off the angel’s shoes and socks.  He decided to leave the pants and T-shirt for now, not sure what the protocol is for sleeping in the same bed as your best friend/love interest/it’s complicated who’s also covered in weird gunk.  Jack didn’t seem worried about it getting on anything else, apparently it only likes to stick to angelic grace, so he pushes Cas under the covers and gets in on the other side.  The angel falls asleep again almost immediately and Dean follows soon after.
Dean is feeling pretty good during breakfast.  He's sitting next to Cas, his knee pressed against the angel's and there's a steady stream of conversation around the table.  He asks Eileen when she got here- two days ago; apparently there was some confusion from her having been dead once before- and he tells his mother about meeting Asa on his trip.
Jack nods, not surprised that Dean had figured that much out himself.  “When I...exploded, in the Empty, it was the equivalent of a celestial nuclear bomb going off.”
“Jesus.”  He wipes a wand over his face, the fingers of his other hand tight around the cold glass.  Sam reaches over to lay a hand on his forearm.
He was dreaming, he thinks, of a fierce blue gaze.  Tasting full lips. Cradling all of that barely contained celestial power in his hands.  Worshiping someone the only way Dean knows how; with tongue, and teeth, and touch.
There had never been a chance for anyone else, after that.  There would never be anyone else for Dean.  Cas was it for him.
The family gratefully piles in, the parents yelling at another straggler nearby to hurry up.  Once everyone is in, Dean takes off.  A moment later, in the rearview mirror, he watches as the water crashes through the area where the houses are.  Annie was right, it’s not like a wave, exactly.  It’s like one moment there isn’t any water and the next there is; like a badly rendered screen in a game.
thing to say- to not even realize the implications of what he said- that Dean has to laugh.  Cas looks startled, then pleased, at the guffaws that burst forth from the man before him, which sets Dean off again.  Slowly, the chuckles die down and Dean places a hand against Cas’s cheek.  “Don’t ever change,” he says softly.
It creeps Dean out if he thinks about it too much.  He would much rather be out there doing something about it instead.
"Okay…" Dean's mind is already working on how he can use this information.  Obviously, Heaven is currently set up like Earth, but with some weird mojo that can make distances longer or shorter depending on the soul's intent.  He thinks that's how it works, at least.
Also, I'm sorry, this was only supposed to be three chapters (I had it all written), but something kept bugging me about it and I ended up writing more. (So, for those of you that have been keeping track, I'm sorry.)
Dean thinks to himself, and decides to start with the easiest and most obvious solution.  He prays to Cas.
Dean sits with Cas in the living room as Jack carefully traces over several of the myriad cuts that are still leaking grace.  Cas remains placid enough through it all, but as soon as Jack is done, he's off the couch and out the door, leaving Dean to stare after him.
“Second, I don’t blame you for me dying.  It was my own stupid mistake and it’s not your fault you were stuck in the Empty longer than anticipated.”  He rubs a thumb along Cas’s cheekbone.  “It’s not your job to save me.”
Jack smiles at him.  It’s small, but there.  “We won.”  He crawls into the passenger seat next to Dean.  “I’ll explain on the way home.”
Dean’s heart is racing.  His palms start to sweat as his mind runs through all the what-ifs. If what Sam said is true, then maybe there is hope.  Maybe Castiel still loves him.  Maybe Cas didn’t hold a grudge against him for being stuck in the Empty.  And maybe…
Jesus, no wonder Cas didn’t want to see him in Heaven.  The man he loved had left him to rot in a blank, empty hell.  Dean wouldn’t want to see him either.
Dean’s smiling, pulling the angel closer, when he sees something over Cas’s shoulder.  Reacting on instinct, he grabs the angel and turns, rolling them both out of the way of a lunging shadow.
When he opens the door to the bar he’s greeted with a rousing cheer and two slight bodies flinging themselves at him, one topped with blonde hair and the other red.  “Dean,” they yell in unison.  His arms come up around them automatically, crushing Jo and Charlie to his chest.
"C'mon, c'mon, c'mon," he mutters as the sun gets closer and the sputtering becomes more pronounced.  Just as he's wondering if he's going to have to run the last few hundred feet, Baby roars back to full life and he's driving into bright sunlight.
"Not hesitant, Cas.  I'm savoring the moment.  And I want to make sure it's good for you."  He grins down at the angel.  "Okay?"
After a few more moments, both women let him go, wiping tears from their faces.  “We’re so happy to see you!”  Charlie exclaims.  “Uh, I mean, not that we’re happy that you’re
Once Jack has finished healing Cas for the day, who already looks much better for it, he takes a seat on one of the armchairs.  Dean sits on another, next to him.
He piles the family and their friend back into the car and starts down the hill.  They assured him that now the water has disappeared, it’s safe to go back.  He drops them off near their homes and then continues to the dock where he’d left Annie.
He parks the Impala by the walk, turns the car off, and stares at the house for a moment.  He’s not sure what to expect when he gets out of the car, or what he’s going to do, but he has a feeling he’s on to something with this place.  He gets out of the car and as he approaches the front door, a man steps out.  He’s vaguely familiar with dark brown hair and beard, a scar on his left cheek.
Well, since they were airing all their dirty laundry now, Dean might as well get this out.  “But Cas, I didn’t even try to look for you.”  And no, he can feel the tears well up in eyes.  He lets his hands fall from Cas’s shoulders.
He hides a grin behind a last mouthful of egg and presses his knee against Cas’s again.  He tries not to feel too hurt when Cas pulls away.  He deserves it for being a dick about the angel’s family.
When Dean stops for the night, the air is starting to turn noticeably cooler.  The leaves on the trees, a riot of colors during the daylight, have begun to fall off and leave branches bare.  He pulls on an extra layer of socks and another coat, curls up in the backseat of the Impala and tries to sleep.
The angel talks right over him.  “Of course, I would never let this affect our friendship.”  Here the angel hesitates, looking unsure of himself.  “That is, if you still want to be friends.”
Dean groans and leans forward, burying his head into the crook of Cas's neck.  "You can't say shit like that to me, Cas."
The kid shifts uncomfortably.  "Not exactly.  It's just," Jack wets his lips, trying to find the right words.  "He kept asking me for tasks.  Things to do.  Said he 'needed to do some good for once.'  And, well," he smiles sadly.  “It’s Cas.”
Dean drains the liquor in his glass.  “I swear, when I find that stupid son-of-a-bitch…”  He trails off, not exactly sure what he’ll do when he sees the angel again.
Instead, he asks about Eileen.  Did Sam ever get around to putting a ring on it?  Sam laughs and tells him ‘yeah.’  They’d been married for almost fifty years before Sam had kicked the bucket.  They named their oldest son Dean.
Cas seems to have either not noticed the odd interlude, or chalked it up to weird human behavior, because he doesn’t turn around.  Dean walks up behind until he's within arm's reach and says, "hey, Cas."
The angel slumps in his seat, and Dean can’t help but rub a hand on his back, between his shoulder blades.  His mom shoots him a look, eyebrows raised, and he gives her a little one-armed shrug back.  He’s not ashamed, but things are still new, and he’s taking it slow.  He does not want to mess up his shot at true happiness with Cas.
"I think Cas is caught in it."  Dean doesn’t even try to not let his worry bleed in through into his voice.  "He said something about it being from the Empty.  Something happened when you went boom there."
By the time Bobby leaves, Dean is ready for bed.  He guides a sleepy Cas upstairs to his room again, gives him a pair of his sleep pants and a shirt to change into, and goes to use the bathroom to give Cas some privacy to change.  Jack has him on strict orders not to use his grace for anything not focused on healing, apparently.
When he comes back to himself, he realizes Annie is staring at him, amused.  “What was that all about?”  She asks.
It's hideous.  It's pitiable.  It also seems to be two seconds away from trying to absorb Dean into its malformed structure.
But he hadn’t even thought to ask Jack to get Cas out.  He’d just...assumed.  Jack had said that he was going to make everything right, and he thought that meant Cas, too.  If Chuck could pull Lucifer from the Empty, then Jack should have easily been able to save his father.
He looks up into Mary's concerned, blue eyes.  He feels the tension bleed from his body.  “Hey, Mom,” he says, smiling weakly.  “It’s good to see you.”  He pulls her into a hug.
He helps Cas out of the car and guides him inside.  He’s met by Sam and his parents.  He can tell they’re full of questions, but he shakes his head and quietly tells them he’ll fill them in on everything in the morning.  It’s been a long trip and all he wants is to fall into bed with his best friend and sleep for eternity.
"There's one more thing I can do," Jack says before laying two fingers on his forehead.  Dean really needs ask why celestial beings like to do that someday.
feel the same way.  I knew you cared.  A lot.  But love?  Like this?”  He shook his head.  “I had no idea.”
“Hey, Sammy,” he says, grinning.  He turns around and there his little brother stands, looking like he’d last seen him, too big, awkward and looming.
Jack frowns down at his angelic father.  “He’s been using his wings to fly.  He lost control mid-flight.”  He lays Cas down on the newly vacant couch.  “I told him he shouldn’t be using his grace, yet.  It’s taking practically all he has to keep himself stable with the amount he’s still losing.”
This starts off a round of hugging from those that had known Cas in life.  First, Sam shoulders his wife out of the way and picks the angel up in a full body moose-hug.  Next is Mary making her way around the table to envelope Cas in a much gentler embrace.  John sits apart from the happy reunion, looking confused at the warm reception this unknown entity is receiving.  Dean can’t help but feel a little smug that his angel his getting a warmer reception from Sammy than his father did.
Anna smiles at him.  “Almost.  Jack was able to remove much of the shadow from my grace, but there is still some work to be done.”  She moves closer to him.  “I wanted to thank you, Dean.”
John sighs and leans back against his chair.  "Well, I guess it was getting kind of boring sitting around through perfect day after perfect day.  Could use some excitement around here."
Before.  Before, when they were trying to prevent the Apocalypse for the first time.  Before Anna got her grace back.  Before Michael killed her using his father’s body.
The thing that is Anna and yet, not-Anna, turns to look at him.  Dean can see its face clearly now.  He can see the torment twisted across her once-beautiful features.  It’s all snarled now, but here and there he can see pieces that he recognizes as her.
Two days later, Dean is working on Baby outside.  He has her parked on the gravel, hood up, checking her fluids when he hears a faint flutter and turns to see Jack and Anna standing behind him.
"I can't! Not without infringing on his free will." The kid really does look broken up about it.  "But I can give you a start."
So no, Dean has not thought much about what kind of home he'd like to build for himself, if he were given the chance.  Except, he kind of has, but he’s never let himself dare dream that he could actually have it.
Ellen grins up at him.  “You think you can just die and not get a ‘welcome to Heaven’ party?”  She holds up a glass of amber-colored liquid.  “Drink up.  And then go find your mom.  She misses you.”  She leaves him to go back behind the bar, pulling a beer into a pint glass for Rufus.
Cas looks off to the side.  "Would it be… I could, if you wanted, take on a different form?"  His eyes dart to Dean's face before quickly looking away again.  "Maybe you'd find...something else… pleasing?"
He can feel eyes on the back of his head as he leads Castiel up to his parents, who are turned away, and he knows Castiel is watching him as he rests a hand on his mother’s shoulder.
“Take the Impala and cram as many folks as you can into it and drive east.  There’s a hill that’s high enough to protect you from the worst of it.”  She’s already untying the car from its moorings and lowering the gate to the dock.
At the mention of food, Dean's stomach rumbles.  Cas lets out an amused huff, one side of his mouth curled slightly up.
She smiles at him and turns back to Cas.  He catches Eileen giving them an approving smile as well, and he can’t but feel his grin widen.  He knows that once Sam finds out he’s going to get shit for all the things he’s said regarding relationships in the past, but he’s kind of looking forward to it as well.
Cas seems to get at least some of it, because his blue eyes soften.  The knee comes back in a gentle bump, though it doesn’t linger.
"It will hide you from his Sight."  The way Jack says the word implies more than just good old regular eyesight.  "He won't know you're looking for him, or when you get near."
Sam shakes his head.  “That’s not how he sees it.  He thinks he should have been there to heal you.  That it’s his fault you died.”
Dean leans his head back against the car and takes a deep breath.  He stays there for a moment, letting his racing heart calm.  For all the horrible situations Dean has been in, he's never been so terrified before.  Being so close to that horrific thing, it had felt as if his essence was being pulled from him.  He shudders to think of what would have happened had it actually touched him.
“Cas,” Dean says, and this time, he doesn’t hesitate to grasp the angel’s shoulder.  “Anna and I don’t have a connection.  We never have.  Not like you and me.  Got it?”  Cas nods.
Once he has the car cleared enough, he slams into the driver's seat and throws her in reverse.  The tires spin for a moment before catching and soon Dean is driving recklessly back the way he had come.  He prays to Jack continuously as he drives.  Baby is silent the entire time, as if she too knows that he needs all of his concentration and can't afford any distractions.
And sure, the bunker had been a nice place to plant some roots, in terms of defensibility and utility.  A good place for a hunter.  Not so great when one thought in terms of retirement and family and contentment.
Bright, blue eyes look up at him.  “I appreciate that you wanted to do it in an environment where we would not be interrupted, but I assure you, it was unnecessary.  I would have come back.”
“Understood,” Dean nods and gets back into Baby.  He turns her on, and this time ‘Proud Mary’ is playing.  Again, he leaves it.  It’s as good a song as any, he supposes.
Well, next move, really.  All he has is drive north until he finds Cas again.  He was expecting it to be more difficult than it actually has been.  For once, he’s feeling hopeful that he’ll catch up to Cas again.  Making Cas stay long enough to talk, however, seems to be the bigger problem.  He could try to lure him into a ring of holy oil and fire...except he has no holy oil.
.  Before he knows it, he on his knees at Cas’s feet, his hands settling over the angel’s on his knees.  “Yeah, Cas,” he says, his voice thick with emotion.  “It would be bad.”  He uses a finger to nudge his chin up, forcing the angel to look him in the eyes.  “Every time I thought I lost you, I couldn’t handle it.  I felt empty- lost- without you.”
Horrified, Dean realizes what he's looking at.  This...creature, is an amalgam of angel and Empty and demon.  The three facets are warring across its surface.  From the twisted features Dean can make out, it appears to be in constant pain.
“Sleep okay?”  He glances over at the kid.  The bags have receded, but he still looks like he could use another nap or two.
Suddenly breathless, he reaches up, threading his fingers through that soft hair and pulls Cas down into a thorough kiss.  He puts all of his love into the gentle pressure of his lips against the angel's and all of his admiration for the being above him into the soft sweep of his tongue against the seam of his mouth.
He trails kisses down Cas's neck, which earns him a series of keening moans, so he does it again.  He mouths his way down the angel's chest and stomach until he's met with the line of Cas's pants.  He runs at it with one finger.  "It okay if I take these off?"
He stays there long after night has fallen.  At some point, he climbs back inside Baby, but doesn't turn her on.  She sings to him anyway; slow rock ballads to match the somber mood as he waits for Cas to come back.
He’s crouching over the trembling form, reaching out to touch the angel’s shoulder, when a gravelly voice says, “don’t.”
Asa grins.  “Yeah?  I feel like I should be honored.  Having two such distinguished hunters there to light my pyre.”
“I believe so.  I’m very hopeful.  Once I get it unstuck from him, it disappears and if it was in a wound, it heals very quickly after the gunk is gone.”  Jack looks back at his father.  “Unfortunately, he pretty much doused himself in the stuff.  It’s
"God, Cas, you feel so good." He mutters into Cas's mouth.  "Taste so good."  He's got a hand around Cas's hot member, palming it gently.  He pulls back again to look down at the shirtless angel spread before him.  "Want you like this all the time."
The angel turns his head to face him.  Cas' eyes are glowing the soft blue that they always do when he's working his angel mojo on overtime.  His dark hair is tousled from the fight and his face is streaked with what Dean thinks is actual ichor.  The sword in his hand looks like his normal angel blade until Dean realizes the black goo is dripping off the barely discernable, faintly glowing end two feet out.
Jack and Cas both fall asleep almost as soon as the car starts going.  As much as Dean wants the answers that Jack promised him, he can’t bear to wake the kid.  He’s pretty sure an all-powerful cosmic being isn’t supposed to have bags under his eyes.
Well, a chance is a chance and Dean has worked with less.  He'll take it.  He nods a thanks to Jack.
“Enough with the chick-flick moment.”  Dean bats his hands away as he pulls into the parking lot.  It’s considerably more crowded than it had been when he’d left earlier that day, but there’s still a spot wide-open near the entrance.
He feels Sam reach over and grip his forearm.  “Cas loves you, Dean.  If the past several years hadn’t proved that, the night you died would have.”
.  Who until now he’s been expecting to pop in out of nowhere on a silent rustle of feathers.  Who hadn’t been there to greet him at Heaven’s Roadhouse, like he had hoped.  Whom he’d left to rot in the Empty.
Late afternoon, they pass by Asa’s place.  It already looks much better.  The barren field is filling in with grass and some saplings are starting to grow sporadically around the yard.  He grins at seeing how well and fast Heaven has flourished since Jack and Cas were able to cut out the infection that was marring it.
Soon, Dean is running his tongue along the seam of the angel’s mouth, begging for entrance.  Cas grants it immediately and Dean sweeps in, exploring every millimeter he can reach and being explored just as thoroughly in return.
- from the very moment that Cas started his speech what was coming, and he had begged Cas not to say it.  He couldn't bare for him to say it.  Because if he did, that would make it true, and if was made true then it meant Cas would leave him.  Everyone that had ever loved Dean eventually left him.
As breakfast winds down, talk inevitably turns to Dean's trip, finding Cas, and the shadow creatures that were apparently wreaking havoc on Heaven's structures.  Jack takes over the conversation here, explaining the best he can what he thinks happened and what he's done so far to prevent it from happening again, but that right now he can't guarantee more won't slip through.
Sam shrugs ruefully.  “I just got here myself.  You’ll have to ask Jack that.  Even better,” he smirks, “ask Cas.”
Dean pushes himself up off the pillow, surreptitiously wiping at the wetness clinging to his chin.  He turns to sit against the headboard.  Cas continues studying the ceiling with his usual intent focus.
Sam bites his lip, clearly uncomfortable with what he’s about to say next.  “Cas...clearly looks up to you.  And, Dean, I don’t know what happened between you two at the bunker before the Empty took him, but-”
“So, what brings you out this way?”  Annie asks as she starts the boat.  “I didn’t really think what we had was good enough for me to feature in your heaven.”  She grins over at him.
He puts her down gently before pulling away.  “You, too.  We, uh, weren’t sure what would happen to you.  After.”  He shifts uncomfortably, not sure how to finish his sentence.
It makes Dean want to scream and punch something.  All he wants to do is tell the angel that he loves him, that Dean wants him stay with him forever, and can they live happily ever after with a side of monster-hunting now, please?
After dinner, the entire family piles into the living room for a movie night.  They bicker over what to watch, but eventually settle on the last Thor movie that had come out before Dean’s death.  He’s only slightly disappointed- his vote had been the Dark Knight- but Cas is settled comfortably against him on one end of the wraparound sectional, while his brother and Eileen take up the other.  His mother and father are on the love seat across from them.  They turn on the subtitles for Eileen and settle in to watch.
Tara ran as fast as she could, staying low and fast, her crossbow up and then releasing the bolt. She hit the walker dead center. She didn’t stop as she shot and ran and removed the arrow while putting her crossbow on her shoulder. Bolt in one hand and Bowie knife in the other. She then looked over, seeing a glimpse of small, blonde hair. She skids to a halt and starts running to the little girl. A handful of walkers close behind. She can hear Rick taking on two, so she took off after the girl. Going around and snatching the little girl in her arms causing her to scream. Tara was quick and quietly calmed the girl, the walkers only seconds behind. She made a spilt-second plan. She took the bolt in her mouth, gripping it with her teeth and swept the girl up and into her chest and took off fast, her crossbow bouncing on her back as she went out of sight, just as Daryl showed up to assist Rick in taking down the handful of walkers. At least three hours passed before someone came out of the woods. Rick and Daryl walking up the incline and getting over the rail. No emotion on Daryl's face but the harsh clinch of his jaw and the tight grip on his crossbow, Ricks eyes slightly water as he looked at Carol as he tried to stop the emotional way his voice wavered.
“Sit,” Castiel tells him, rounding the desk again with a first-aid kit in hand. His leather shoes click on the hardwood floors, matching the tick of the cuckoo clock on the wall by the door. He pauses, a small smile curving one side of his mouth. “
Pain shoots up Dean’s spine, starting at his tailbone and travelling up to the back of his head where it hits the semi-frozen dirt, but he hardly feels it. He’s too busy trying not to melt into the grass at just how fucking hot Castiel is.
Only three roses left—him, Jo, and Kelly are the only ones not holding one. Jo looks confident, and Kelly, bored, but her head pops up when Castiel says her name.
Dean freezes, every part of him locking up when he clocks the tiny, run-down, single story house in front of him. The shingles hang loose by the broken eavestroughs, in need of replacing, like, a decade ago, and the red paint on the front door is so faded and peeling it’s almost pink, but the lawn is neatly mowed, and a line of fresh laundry peeks at his from he backyard.
“No,” he grumbles. “I don’t get to be picky with my clothing, you know?” He fiddles with the lapels of his deep, blue-green blazer and rubs his palms on the matching pants, not really caring if he wrinkles them.
Something like fear rockets through him, burning his insides like an iron rod in his stomach. Fuck, this is bad, and there’s no getting out of it—that, he knows.
"If that is your wish," Castiel says, meeting Dean's stare as he scoots closer on the couch so that their knees brush with every movement. "Then who am I to stop you?" Then he smiles, his fingers lifting to trace the tiny cut on Dean's temple. "You would be good at it, too; I'm certain of it."
His heart warms when he finds Castiel just on the other side, eyes to the floor, and the slightest flush on his cheeks. "I'm sorry," he whispers, ducking his head further in shame. "That was rude of me; I should have waited for you."
Dean lets out a shaky breath when he crosses the un-drawn line between royal and common ground. For a place so well-staffed with guards and soldiers, it’s remarkably easy to leave.
“You—” Benny turns him around, fingers on his other shoulder this time, and searches his face and clothes. “What happened?” His voice is low and serious—scarier than Dean’s ever heard—and Dean swallows back his retort.
He hears his TV self say “I'm going to my room,” before pushing past Benny, and it's so childish looking back on it, that Dean tosses his head back and laughs at the dramatics of it all.
“Do you know what it’s like, Sam? To live your whole life never feeling the touch of another person? I know you don’t, and neither do I, but I see it. Every day, I see him flinch when someone gets too close, how his breath catches when I hold his hand. He’s as human as you or I, and treating him as anything but is wrong. It’s hurting him, so I don’t give a fuck what the kids at your school are saying—”
“A call to the National Guard.” She raises an eyebrow at that. “A palace-wide search, ending in… nothing?”
Then he kicks himself for it—he’d promised himself he’d be happy for her. She’s his friend and, yeah, they’re here for the same reason, but she’s not his enemy, and neither are the others.
"What's… what's happening, Cas?" A riot starts up in his stomach, fear warring with anger, fighting against dread as every possibility he can imagine hits him at once.
A soft snicker sneaks past Dean’s lips, and he doesn’t quite look down fast enough to miss the scowl Novak shoots him. Their eyes meet for that fraction of a second, something passing between them that shoots right through Dean, tying his stomach in knots and sending his heart sprinting. God, he feels lightheaded—is the room spinning?
“What’s got your panties in a twist?” Charlie snarks, stealing his bacon without so much as a huff of protest. What can he say? He’s not feeling it this morning—getting run out on by the guy you’re falling in love with will do that to you.
"We should go before the soldiers start their march. No need to scare the villagers now that you've been found." Castiel pushes himself up, straightening his suit, and in an instant, he's the prince again—strong and capable and reserved. "Get dressed, and if you wouldn't mind, could you re-shelf the book? It's a first edition."
For a moment, Dean's heart clenches at the thought that they don't trust him, but he can't believe that. He can't think so low of the royal family—especially not Castiel after he pardoned him; there's no way he'd allow Dean to still be here if he doesn't trust him.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Castiel tells him, smothering another cough before waving at a chair. “Sit with me.”
Those are the tame ones—not that bad by his standards—but the next few almost bring everything in his stomach back up.
“I know you’re upset, Mr. Winchester.” He gives her a stiff nod. “But there’s nothing I can d—” She cuts herself off, looking behind Dean as her face lights up. “Give Susie a minute,” she says, holding up one finger, then she rushes off. Dean rolls his eyes on a sigh, not bothering to watch her go.
Castiel chuckles, clicking on the square for Dean. It pops up right away, and Dean grins at the neat little trick. "I suppose there weren't many computers at your school?" Dean looks up when Castiel asks the question, finding curious blue eyes staring back. There's no judgment there, or pity—it's a serious question and Dean's grateful for that.
But to his shock, the panic bleeds away when he digs a little deeper and realizes it's an echo of an old fear—to be so exposed in a room full of strangers—but now?
“Think you can handle all this?” Dean shouts, holding his hands out with a swaggering step closer. A bit confident, a
“God bless you,” Duma says, eyeing him from the other side of the camera as Mick fusses with lenses and lighting. “Feeling alright?”
Because the river was Dean’s idea, and the picture, his too. Guilt, as he’s felt every second of every day since, eats him away from the inside out. Castiel is
“Not in the least,” Castiel snaps, shooting Dean a glare and, yeah, okay, he deserves that. The guy made him rub heat cream onto his tailbone after the first skating disaster. That was an experience. Not a bad one, but an experience nonetheless.
“I d-didn’t do i-it, Suse. I-I didn’t d-do what t-they think-k I d-did.” His breaths hiccup out of him, making anything he tries to say almost incomprehensible.
“Get out of here. Lunch is almost ready, and you need to change,” Frank says, popping out from between the tables with a broom in hand. “That Susie will kick your ass when she sees you.”
"Really?" Dean blurts, shock rippling through him as he pulls back enough to get a good look at Castiel's face. "Why?"
“Do I really need that?” Dean asks, eyeing the two containers as Castiel searches for a clean brush.
Dean just barely manages to stop himself from flinching. It's so rare for the prince to initiate contact, considering no one's allowed to touch him first, that the warmth of his skin sends ripples of awareness through him.
With his plate scraped clean and the music turned down to a reasonable level, Dean wanders over to a side table, flicking through leftover treats and broken decorations.
When he looks to Castiel, the young prince is shaking his head, staring down at Hannah as she shivers in her bed. "Hannah doesn't have any food allergies," he murmurs, his brows pinched together as he takes a step closer to Dean.
“What can I do for you, Dean?” The sound of his prince’s voice echoing through the entrance hall snaps him back to the moment. He’s running out of time.
"You'll be in shit if he ever hears you calling him that." Dean smiles just thinking about the offence on his prince’s face.
, as you put it." The words taste like bile on his tongue, like he's cattle to be herded, and Castiel must hear it in his tone because he lets out a weary sigh.
“What? Oh,” Dean turns his attention back to his mom, who smiles like she knows a secret. “You didn’t watch?”
Monday starts off as wet and rainy as he remembers it. He knows he's not around much that day, but some kind of drama catches his attention on the screen that he hadn't seen before. Apparently, Meg was busy getting her hair dyed and someone slipped the wrong colour in, giving her the ugliest blonde dye job Dean's ever seen.
Susie grumbles in his ear about smudged makeup as she touches it up, but Dean doesn’t have it in him to apologize. He had a great time with Castiel, and it’s all he can think about now that he’s back in the lineup with the other suitors.
“Eighty-two percent of homelessness is caused by healthcare debt, costing the kingdom billions each year in shelters, soup kitchens, and aid. On top of that, thirty-nine percent of illnesses result in death because of a lack of treatment. These are
One foot in front of the other. Just… keep walking. Turn now. Same thing the other way. Turn. Right foot, left foot. Again.
“I miss you,” he whispers, cracked and weak, because it’s true, and he needs something true. Needs something real to cling to as the stars shift and twist on their canvas of nothing. “God, Cas, I
Castiel is sitting on the other side of the room, absorbed in conversation with Sarah. That wouldn’t be so bad except for the fact that he didn’t even bother to look Dean’s way when he walked in.
Dean smiles, happy to get his way, and he looks up at Castiel with a thankful grin. Castiel nods, sneaking him a wink that shoots warmth through Dean's veins.
He claps his hand together, turning to his friends with a bright smile. “What do you say to a little game of tennis?”
"Do you think dinner has started already?" Dean asks as he and Castiel walk from the West end of the palace all the way to the other side. God, he hadn't realized how far they were, but now, with his stomach rumbling and his head starting to ache, it feels like miles away.
Dean swallows. “Are you sure? I don’t mind. I could get you your own slice of you want?” She chews her bottom lip, thinking about it, before she takes the plate from his hands, not seeming to care about sharing a fork as she looks around, her eyes flicking back and forth, before scooping up a forkful of the pecan pie and taking a bite.
“I’ve got a date,” she says, not even trying to hide the glow in her eyes. She looks so damn happy, and Dean tries to be excited for her, he really does, but there’s a sick knot twisting in his stomach. She’s already been on a date. Why does she get a second one before he has a first?
lucky is that Prince Novak’s birthday is in the fall, so the ceremony shouldn’t get too hot or cold. Damn, the man really is perfect.
“Th-thank you,” he says, taking the hat from Castiel and pulling it on. It falls over his eyebrows, tickling his eyelashes before Castiel comes around to stand in front of him and pushes it back up, a smile barely curving his lips as he surveys Dean with shining blue eyes.
And all the while, Castiel listens, waiting for Dean to finish before offering his thoughts, but he never lets go of Dean's hand.
They talked. For the hours after the kissing ended, it’s all they did, laughing and sharing into the wee hours, and yeah, Dean’s fucking
The space is decently large, he’ll give it that, but the ground is so hard and dry, it’s a wonder the kids aren’t caked with grime. What patches of grass it does have are browning and spotty, and the only activities available is whatever can be made from a half-deflated soccer ball, a rusty slide, and their own imagination.
He tries not to let his smirk show as she screams at the cameras to get out, slamming the door in their face before an awkward silence stretches on with her shouting the only thing to fill it.
There's this feeling in his chest, so powerful, he's not sure he can survive it. It swells and pulses like its own living heartbeat, burning and burning like its own devouring flame.
“She made the best apple fritters I’ve ever tasted, and for my birthday, we would sneak down to the kitchens late at night and make honey-nut cookies.” His smile turns fond, if a little sad, and Dean squeezes his fingers in a way that’s meant to be reassuring, though he’s not sure it quite has that effect. “What about you?” Castiel asks after a moment, turning to Dean with a smile. “How did you get into baking?”
.” There’s a pause, and Dean’s eyes flick back and forth between the two, who seem to be having a private conversation that no one else is privy to. Dean’s stomach twists when Susie nods and drops his wrist—nothing good can come from this.
“Do you want to check inside?” Castiel asks, wide eyes shining in the 2am dark. They both know it’s pointless—no vacancy is pretty damn clear—but Dean nods anyway and unfolds himself from the car, his joints aching as all the blood rushes to his feet.
It all happens so fast, he hardly has time to process, but one moment he's standing there, confused and overwhelmed, and the next, he's got a prop crown held between his hands, standing in front of the black sheet. It's almost an exact replica of the crown sitting on his dresser, except far lighter, as he'd expect. Just thinking about Castiel's crown has his lips twitching in a smile and warmth flooding his heart.
Castiel looks up the length of Dean’s body, taking in his heaving chest, the way his head rolls from side to side, his hands tangled in the sheets… Fuck, he hasn’t even started yet and the guy’s a mess.
So the next time someone tries to push past him, Dean snaps. “Wait your fucking turn, would you?” he shouts, startling the tweenaged boy enough that he stumbles back, almost falling on his ass, but he waits, and so does everyone else, until Castiel takes Dean’s hands and, on shaky legs, gets both feet on the ice.
The anger in Castiel's voice almost matches Dean's, and there's something about his prince's proclamation that settles his fears for those to come. But it doesn't help Lee Chambers now, or his daughter, who will be shipped off to an orphanage somewhere and forgotten about.
Then, the cameras are gone, and the fan-favourites broadcast is wrapped up. It all happens so fast it takes Dean a minute to realize Castiel is sitting beside him, close enough that their knees brush.
There's so much pain and confusion in him even now, but something about seeing it back then, as his TV-self steps off the platform and moves to stand in front of Castiel,
“He’s ex-military—a friend of theirs, I think.” Charlie shrugs, her voice raised to an almost-shout as they step through the door and into the cramped, smoky room.
weird, then, but Dean decides not to read too much into it. He doesn't think his nickname for the prince is that interesting, but he could be wrong.
He knows it's fucked up, but it's there, and there's nothing he can do about it but remind himself he's in the right.
Castiel stands behind the camera, flushed and looking all too happy with the attention Dean’s getting. Not maliciously so, but like he’s glad Dean’s being recognized. Despite Dean’s feelings—the bitter stab of betrayal and the sadness at not getting to kiss him first—warmth bubbles up inside him, making him feel safe and cozy with Castiel there. Like he belongs here, somehow.
much. So he tips his bottle back again, letting the sweet, icy drink fill his mouth and slide down his throat, not caring that the world starts spinning.
First shock, then embarrassment burn through Dean faster than a forest fire in the middle of a drought, and he jumps up from his seat in an instant, feeling a lump lodge itself in his throat as righteous anger boils in his gut.
Castiel swings again, advancing faster than Dean expects, and without mercy. A tiny part of him is annoyed by how obvious it is that he was going easy on him, but the other, much larger part of him wants to see his prince kick Lucifer’s ass.
They jump apart at the sound of Susie’s voice, whipping around to find her at the top of the grand staircase, lit by the light flooding in through the stained glass windows with hair pulled back in her usual low bun, hands on her hips, and a deep, crease-forming scowl on her face.
They come from the obvious ones: Meg, Michael, and April. But to Dean's shock, Hannah has words to say, too.
“We can speak about it later.” That’s all he says, and Dean gets the feeling that they won’t be talking about it at all.
“Better!” Victor shouts across the open space when Dean successfully manages to block and parry every attack with his wooden training sword. He can’t help but grin as he pushes his sweaty hair back from his forehead, pride swelling in his chest.
He smiles, rolling his eyes, but lets her have her fill. She refuses to let him get her her own plate—something about it being unsightly for a royal to indulge. Dean thinks it’s ridiculous, but he doesn’t argue, and now that he thinks of it, he can’t recall ever seeing Castiel take any dessert for himself.
Eventually, Castiel stands, pulling his fingers from Dean’s ass to the sweet sound of his over-stimulated whines. He smiles, wiping the come from the corner of his mouth as Dean looks up at him, heavy-lidded eyes blinking slowly, a sated grin curving his lips.
“Dark blue? Or maybe white?” she’d said, holding them both up. “Or, maybe mustard?” At that, she’d given him a sly grin that he’d rolled his eyes at. “Fine, fine—dark blue, it is. Now—left or right?” He could tell she was talking to herself, but he’d still raised an eyebrow, not understanding a word of it, but she’d eventually decided to shove the blue one in his left pocket and tie the mustard one around his head, tossing the white one aside “For another time.”
The heat of the grounds dissipates as soon as he's through the doors, and Dean takes his time wandering the halls, head back and eyes scanning the frescos painted into the domed ceilings. The depictions of mass gatherings at the feet of ancient kings, and holy prayer to the Gods—all tainted up there among angels and men.
Castiel’s stoic, in-control-of-the-world expression falls into the most terrifying ire Dean’s ever seen.
“Oh, fuck—” There’s a sound like clanking metal on the other end, then Dean’s voice shouting garbled instructions before he’s back on the line. “Cas, buddy, I gotta go. Just wear rainbow.”
Shivers wrack his body as the temperature outside drops for the first time since he arrived here, though he’s not sure if he’s so cold because of that, or the weight of exhaustion pressing down on him.
,” Castiel cries, back arching, hips canting, and heart racing as everything inside him clenches when Dean’s finger grazes his tight, puckered hole. He’s coming harder than he has in forever, and Dean takes it all.
,” Dean says, getting back to the topic at hand. “We went to an orphanage first, then he took me to the carnival.” Dean smiles at the memory of his perfect night.
Sometime in the last few hours, he must’ve changed because, now, he’s dressed in a deep maroon suit with a thin black tie and a crisp white button-down. His hair is styled and he’s got one of those monogrammed handkerchiefs in his breast pocket.
“I’m going to my room,” he mumbles, not even sure why he bothers, but he brushes past Benny anyway, leaving a trail of mud in his wake.
“Really?” Dean tries to focus as the ball comes at him again, but he barely clips it and it spins off towards the fence.
“Smartass,” Dean says, before immediately slapping his hand over his mouth. He stares, wide-eyed, at Castiel, his cheeks burning beneath his palm. “I’m sorry,” he whispers, but Castiel is
am." Dean walks away without a backward glance, his rainboots jolting his steps and squeaking on the marble floors.
recognize that voice. Castiel's low rumble floats through the space, filling it with tension. "My choices are mine alone."
“Come on, boy; we have more suits than time.” Susie's sharp voice breaks through the silence, setting the room back in motion as she pulls the first one from a garment bag and helps him into it.
Castiel shoots to his feet, every movement jerky and awkward, and Dean’s heart sinks as disappointment floods him.
Dean sits up, his mouth watering as he stares at the pie. “Hey, Cas,” Dean says, far more distracted than he should be when talking to the prince.
“No, sir. He should be in his room.” Lying, then. Castiel rolls his eyes on a grin but doesn’t call him on it.
So he steps right up in front of his prince, hands folded in front of him and a smile trying to force its way onto his lips, and waits for Castiel to meet his gaze.
Dean watches with detached interest as Sarah makes her way in front of Castiel. He’s not sure how many names have been called, or who, for that matter, but none of them are
“I’m in the bathroom,” he calls. It’s not like the nurses here aren’t trained for this crap, and he’d bet his left testicle they’ve seen plenty of naked… well,
Dean slips from the room, escaping the noise and the heat and all the soul-sucking pressure to perform, and steps into the empty hall. The cool, clean air feels good in his lungs, and even with the dark sky above him, clear as anything through the arching windows, the palace is still bright, lit with a warm glow, and it’s beyond soothing after the harsh light of the overstuffed dining room.
“I’m sorry,” Dean says, voice wavering as Castiel forces his head between his knees. It’s uncomfortable, pulling at his tight muscles, but he doesn’t protest, taking deep, shuddering breaths to get himself under control. “I’m sorry.”
“Hey, Dean!” Someone shouts from the other bench, and when Dean finally manages to tear his eyes away from the window, he finds Dorothy, Caesar, Jesse, Victor, Anna, Ash, and Gordon staring back at him.
"Uh, yeah. A little, I guess." He tries to shrug it off—push back the jittering knot inside him—but he
Dean sighs, sagging in his chair as he meets Castiel’s gaze, then looks down at his hands. “I feel like shit for talking to him like that.”
Castiel throws the last of his roll at Dean’s head, and it bounces off his nose, landing smack in the middle of his soup with a splash. “Asshole,” Castiel says, but he’s smiling, too, and oh God, Dean fucking loves him.
“Fuck you,” Castiel hisses, and then he slams their mouths together, punching the air front Dean’s lungs and stoking the heat between them to impossible heights.
Dean climbs under the covers, but there’s no safety here. Every shadow is someone lurking in the corners, every sound, an intruder, and he can’t help thinking that hiding this is a mistake.
They say their goodbyes, Dean holding on longer than he should—tighter than he needs to—and Castiel lets him, only taking his hand and leading him from the house when he pulls away from his mom.
Every breath stutters out of him, echoing in the hallway as Castiel and his guard walk by. This is it—he’s caught. They’ll hear his heart pounding in his chest, and know they have an audience.
Dean's sure there’s a trail of dusty footprints behind him, but there’s not much he can do about it except walk as stiffly as possible to keep from shaking the flour loose.
Sometimes, Dean wishes it were that simple—only worrying about what he needs to survive—but, somehow, he always seems to come back to the same problem.
Susie follows close behind, and before he can stop her, she tugs off the blanket and tosses it aside. "Mr. Winchester—“
“Do you have more balloons, Charlie?” Dean calls across the relatively large sitting room Benny was able to get for the party as she strings them up and ties them to a tiny stone to keep them from floating to the ceilings—wouldn’t that just be a disaster.
He's already got moisture strips under his eyes and some kind of egg mask soaking under a shower cap on his head—he knows he's far from a pretty sight, but he can't really bring himself to care.
,” she continues, like Dean’s slouch is the most aggravating thing to taint her day—though, knowing her, it probably is. “Shoulders back, chin up, feet together,” she says, pushing her own shoulders into position, Dean’s chin to the right angle, and kicking Charlie’s flats until her heels touch.
Dean shivers as the cool air rushes in, his teeth chattering as he struggles to keep his heavy eyes open.
No one's telling him shit, and it's mostly the reason why Dean's refusing to try to talk to Hannah. If he gives in even a little, it's as good as saying what they're doing is okay.
“It comes with a waistcoat, but I thought that would be a bit much, though now that I’m here, I can see this isn’t what you meant…” Castiel trails off as he looks around, biting his lower lip as those big blue eyes go wide. Fuck, Dean wants to do that.
“I will,” Castiel says, and damn, now Dean feels bad. He can hear the tremble in his ex-angel’s voice, and instantly feels like shit for putting on so much pressure.
With his good arm, he rubs the towel over his hair. He feels loads better, actually, with his tumble taking up most of his thoughts now. His anger isn’t so persistent and, besides the aches and pains, he actually feels kinds of good.
“What did I say?” Susie snaps, a scowl in her face that rivals the worst of the soldiers in the barracks. “No complaints.” Charlie covers her mouth with a hand as Dean glares at her, though he’s sure it loses something since he's in nothing but a pair of boxer briefs.
didn’t know that!” Apparently, neither did Castiel because there’s no way he would’ve jumped Dean the way he did if he knew.
Castiel’s voice, tinny in the shitty payphone, shaking from the cold, rings in his ears as he and Charlie make their way to the subway among a swell of other paraders.
—at the saucy grin Castiel shoots him. "We both know that's not true; you've got more rules and no-goes than anyone I've ever met."
“What? No, no,” Sam says, shaking his head so vigorously, his hair sticks out at odd angles. “I’ve got my own chair, see?” He nods at his mashup chair, put together using different parts from broken, battered, and ripped chairs he’s found by the roadside over the years. It’s actually a really comfortable chair, though Dean would never admit it out loud.
Of course, it has to end, as all good things do, but Dean follows anyway, holding Castiel's hand as he steps onto the wooden planks. He follows him through the crowds. Follows him back to the food vendors.
The hallways are empty, silent, as Dean's led through them, flanked on either side by a guard. Their echoing steps, the only sound, ricocheting off the vaulted ceilings.
“Three more bags,” she says while tying the end of a bright blue monstrosity. “Though it’d go a lot faster if everyone did their share.” She shoots a pointed look to April, who sits in the corner on the phone. She’s the only one who bitched about the party, stating she wasn’t given nearly enough time to order the prince a gift.
“Never mind,” Castiel whispers, but he doesn’t look angry when his eyes meet Dean’s—just a bit disappointed. “We should go.”
Castiel knocks on the window, ready to be released, and when it’s pulled open, the din explodes around them, climbing in octave as Dean is waved from the interior. He cringes at the noice, blinking away the flashing camera lights while trying to keep his heart from leaping from his chest.
She tilts her head, a small frown curving her lips. “No, it’s a ‘first-born’ thing.” She smiles at him, giving him a little bit of side-eye. “I won’t have you hanged for sharing your pie and sitting so close.”
The car door opens and Castiel pulls away, leaving Dean panting and breathless, shaking and overwhelmed by the whole world and everything in it.
Susie huffs, but turns to the girls and shoos them off. “Go on, then. You heard—go on!” When they're out of earshot she turns on him once more, and now, with that piercing glare on him, he almost doesn't want to tell her. “What?”
“Still think you’re overreacting,” Dean says after a moment. Sure, the tabloids are bad, and Dean’s beyond terrified about what that means for his future here, but it’s not his first fight by a long shot and, if he’s being completely fucking honest, it’s not even the worst thing that’s happened to him while at the palace.
The earth squelches beneath his boots, caking them with mud, and streams of water run off the edges of his umbrella in little rivulets, but Dean is relatively dry—his umbrella works well.
At this rate, he won’t even get through the first page. He can hardly keep his eyes open as it is, and his head pounds like it’s hosting a fucking marching band. There’s no way anything he says will be coherent, and wow, is the room spinning, or—
“Hey!” Dean yells, tripping over his feet as he tries to catch her, but she slips by, too quick on her feet as she pulls his hat down over her red-tipped ears. “Get your own! My ears are cold,” he whines when she disappears behind Hannah, ducking through the suitors to avoid him.
Not close enough to touch, but if one of them were to reach out, there’s nothing to stop their hands from brushing in that sweet, secret way Dean thought belonged only to the two of them.
“Might I speak with you outside,” Michael says, his voice cutting through Dean’s happiness with crisp, cold tones as he calls attention back to his roseless hands and pursed, pinched face.
Dean's breath catches, his heart sinking when he sees the tears welling in Castiel's eyes. The tremor in his voice is bad enough, but the
Dean doesn’t give him any kind of warning before sinking his hot, wet mouth over his aching cock. Castiel nearly comes right then and there, hands clenching around Dean’s waist, teeth gritting, hips rolling… fuck, he loves this man.
He can’t read the words below it. Blood stains the page, smeared by his shaking fingers. His vision blurs—whether from his head injury, the alcohol leeching from his system, or the shock of having his face splashed all over the place, he doesn’t know, but the pages fall from his hands and flutter to the floor as he pushed his fingers into his hair.
Dean shrugs, a blush rising in his cheeks as he grins. "That, and a few more people seeing me mostly-naked than I'd like." Susie pricks him with another pin, this one near his hip, and he winces. "But I didn't want to miss it."
For a moment, Dean's flooded with so much worry he can hardly breathe. What did Meg do to him? Did she hurt him?
“What about your parents?” Castiel asks after a minute. “Did they enjoy themselves?” There’s a hint of something in Castiel’s voice, but it’s so small that he can’t quite pinpoint it. Dean stares into Castiel’s eyes for a moment, but all he finds there is curiosity.
“Says number five,” Meg snarls, looking down her nose at Charlie, but her satisfaction dissipates as soon as Charlie opens her mouth again.
Dean spends most of breakfast chatting with Charlie, talking about their families, and where they’re from—they even make plans to convince the guards to let them go horseback riding at some point before either of them is sent home.
“Here, let me…” Dean whispers, licking his thumb before using it to swipe at the dried soup. It’s an unconscious move, one he’s made on his brother more times than he can count, but Castiel is
Her smile doesn't fall, but her eyes harden in a way that chills Dean to the bone. It's unnerving—the way she looks at him like he's nothing more than a cockroach under her shoe—but he's not about to be intimidated into going home. No fucking way.
, he thinks and pulls out the umbrella. He's sure Susie only left it here because she knows he'd go out anyway—or, expected he would—but either way, she's not wrong.
“I see,” Dean murmurs, more than a little startled by the mention of the king, but it makes sense; Dean’s never really witnessed the king doing much more than stand in silence while others speak for him.
It's late, but Dean doesn't feel like turning in just yet; his freedom feels far too precarious for sleep.
He does the same, his form almost perfect with so much practice, but she’s been coming down to the training yard too.
Dean cuts himself off when Castiel sags, the air in his lungs shuddering out in a long breath. It's like all the fight has left him, and he just looks so tired.
“You and me, Red?” Dean asks, taking the offered sword from Jesse’s hand. “You think you can win? Against me?”
"Pretty face," Lucifer says as he steps back, never looking away from Dean's eyes as he does. "But that attitude's going to get you into trouble. Mark my words." He shoots Dean a wink before spinning on his heels and heading for the door he came through, shoving aside anyone that gets in his way.
is so much better!” he yells after her as her horse trots away with Hannah following close behind. “Don’t listen to them; Cookies are delicious.” Dean past her side one more time before sitting up straight. He sighs, watching after them. “Now only if I could figure out how to make you follow them.”
—but this will have to do. So, he smiles, ignoring the lump in his throat and the ache in his heart, and squeezes Castiel's hand a little tighter, soaking it in until he’s forced to let go.
He doesn’t know, but the thought that maybe he’s getting better at this puts a spring in his step and some enthusiasm in his preparations.
Dean’s taken to grooming Cookie, her coat silky smooth now, all the twigs gone from her mane with his careful ministrations, but he stops with the sound of his name.
He doesn’t even hear the toast, and he doesn’t really care as he downs the champagne in one go and sets the empty glass on the table as the rest of the suitors cheer.
The answer is honest, succinct, and professional, but Dean still blushes, heat creeping into his cheeks at the implications of
They're treating me great." He kicks his feet up on the cushions, lounging back against the armrest with one hand behind his head. "I saw you on TV."
Dean sighs, accepting his defeat, and turns back to Charlie, who seems to be having the same problem with Kelly, who gazes, doe-eyed and dreamy, at Castiel as he eats his pancakes, ignoring their collective existence in the politest way possible. It makes Dean smile.
“I believe in you, Dean—so much. You can do it.” He says it like they have time to try—like Dean will be here long enough to see this through—and, God, does he hope that’s true.
. All that on his way from his bedroom to the entrance hall, and he can barely stomach it with the nerves rioting inside him.
Dean shakes his head, confused. Surely his parents let him grow up first, before shoving all these responsibilities down his throat? “Come on, you never got to—” But Castiel cuts him off.
"Hey!" Dean calls after him, scrambling to pick up the bottle between his feet before chasing after him, his own laughter echoing in the dark.
Dean’s head snaps up when he hears his name down the hall, and his heart does a few somersaults when he sees Charlie jogging toward him in a deep green jumpsuit that, oddly enough, matches his tie.
Heart in his throat and nerves quaking inside him, Castiel takes a deep, steading breath as the crowd quiets to hear him speak.
Charlie tosses the ball in the air and he notices just how slow it is this time, but even then, it’s still too fast as it hits the ground and he runs for it, his bare feet slapping the court as he swings, somehow managing to knock it in the opposite direction as he crashes into the fence, his fingers tangling around it, and he finds himself face-to-face with a softly grinning Castiel. Dean can’t help his own smile—it stretches his cheeks and crinkles his eyes. He feels giddy with happiness despite how badly he’s doing.
“No, no. I had a wonderful childhood,” he says, shooting Castiel a glare that he so very obviously doesn’t understand. “We just didn’t have much money, so…” he trails off, turning back to the pantry and it’s slim pickings in terms of nutrition. “Food is important. Good meals, maybe grow a garden for fresh fruit and vegetables. Without proper nutrition, these kids won’t have the energy to succeed.”
