Sharp hazel eyes flickered back over to Jack as she turned to answer the question. "I was locked away in hopes that my abilities would stop interfering in the power imbalance between heaven and hell."
That mocking inner voice was back putting words to all those nasty thoughts that he never wanted to see the light of day. Hell there are some things that you just can't come back from and sometimes those thoughts were like that. Dean had been a vampire, a demon, an archangel... but that inner voice was just him putting weight to those insecurities. "I don't wanna be this broken, I don't... but I can't Cas, not anymore. Not after all this... crap with Chuck and all the people we lost... I lost. Cas.... you just
"He was protecting you... and the truth of his words and feelings is what summoned the empty.... that was his deal." Hazel eyes flickered from left to right almost as if Elle was thinking rapidly and finally settled on Dean. "I- I think I know how we can get him back." Giving one last squeeze to Jack's hand she stepped forward and walked over to Dean, letting Jack go. "Humans are not allowed in the empty, right?" Dean nods slowly as she approaches, "so we have to get Castiel human to pull him out. I think I can do that from here." There is a narrowing of eyes in her direction. "You still have Castiel's mark yes?" She motions to Dean's shoulder, "I can use it to syphon his grace back through you.... though I would prefer to be at the location where he went into the empty if that makes sense."
do I know that, Sam?" Sinking into the other chair, Dean put a hand on the pouch where the parchment resided. "I don't know about this place, Sam. It's like that strange place with no magic but different. I know things that I shouldn't... Like I know you are in love with your uh- wife to be, but I don't know who she is or where she is from. I know that Cas and I used to sneak away all the time as kids and hang out in the forest until dark, and you would get so mad at being left out."
Who really is this chick who claims she is a Winchester? Are there any truth to her words? How does it all fit in with the grand scheme of things and what does it mean for the future? Can Jack do what he needs to do? What choices will they all make?
"One of the reasons I was locked in stone was to try and stop one of my more powerful abilities, siphoning. When a demon dies their essence has to go somewhere and usually it goes to hell and is collected by the ruler to be 'redistributed'... but if I am around it goes to me instead and I hold the power." Turning to Sam she speaks clearly and slowly, "but that's not all I can do with it... I'm not just a collecting vat of demonic power. I can collect grace too, and even purify demonic essence..." When it didn't look like that made any sense to the collective group she continued, "I have the gift of creating angels or demons if I choose to with a thought, and a thread of the power I have collected. Hell didn't want me to use the power to create more angels... and when the archangels went down their power was funneled directly into me." Here she paused and took a breath, "If there is power around and I want to pull it, I can.... its why I was able to shield you and Adam for a time in the cage. I pulled some of Lucifer and Michael's power. Not enough to make them notice, but enough to keep you some semblance of safe. Once you were pulled out though it was harder to pull and not have them notice."
It was the same brick walls that all the other rooms had in the bunker but Dean had tried to bring a little more to it than the other rooms. Hell even Sam didn't know that Dean's nesting went this far. There was actual art on the walls here, a few nature pieces that Dean had found at the good will and cleaned up, lots of flowers that Dean had hoped would remind Cas of the bees that he was so interested in, and of course a few nature like decorations. There were some crystals that could be used in a spell if they needed in a pinch, but were mostly calming and grounding... Dean had read it some where and it seemed like something that Cas might like. There were different books on flowers and gardens, a bee coffee mug, a honeycomb paperweight, and a wooden holder that Dean had made to hold his angel blade were among the only things on the little desk that was in the room.
"So what, are you saying we should just leave Cas there? Just forget about him? When has that ever worked out Sam? Leaving him there is like forgetting about Kevin. I can't do that." Punctuating the sentence with a rough wave of his hand he looks at Sam, really looks at him. "You might be able to just forget about people Sam, but I have never had that luxury, I remember everyone I have ever let down, and I am not... I am not gonna do that to Cas. You hear me?" Tone of voice can often betray one's emotions and right now there was no doubt that the raised pitch and cracked sound at the end of his words were betraying Dean.
The smarmy tone got under Dean's skin and he rolled his shoulders in displeasure. Sam was doing no better, but at least he was watching Bobby's face to see what the man thought. It was rather difficult to navigate this place when he wasn't quite sure how things worked.
There were a lot of things that Dean Winchester was: a hunter, a protector, an incorrigible flirt, and at this very moment very, very lost. Somehow they had fallen into another world with a version of themselves, almost like that world where Jensen and Jared were their names, there was a whole other life for them there and they needed to navigate that in order to get home. Instead of causing a scene he swallowed and nodded, just happy to see Ellen in any capacity right now. The woman was there for them right around the death of their father, and was just as stubborn as they needed her to be. Ellen and Jo had sacrificed themselves to stop the apocalypse, they’d given up everything.... and it was taking all of Dean's built up self control not to start to tear up and pull Ellen in for a fiercer hug. "Alright. I know you're right, but uh... I'm not a fan of change."
Though the hug only lasted a few moments, it seemed like longer, Elle pulled back with a smile and Sam cleared his throat. "So? Did it work out?" Jack could tell he wasn't asking because he doubted what Jack could do, he was just concerned because Jack had been worried before. Instead of answering verbally, Jack just smiled and nodded.
"Right, right..." Dean took a deep breath in and let it out before tucking his 1911 in the back of his waist and motioning out the door that he had been standing beside almost this entire time. "We are going to have to get back to Baby, and I am not sure how far away that is from here." The group followed Dean as he lead the way back outside and into the light of day. The building that Elle was housed in was, in fact abandoned well before all the people left the planet, so there was no one there to see them emerge. "Jack are you going to zap us back?"
"True," she conceded with a nod, "but Castiel was not built for siphoning power... and I am. Every supernatural being that has died in this timeline? I have gotten their power. You name them, I have their power right now because I haven't put it into anything else yet. I have work to do up in heaven to bring back the balance, but I am holding the equivalent of a few nuclear bombs worth of power... you do realize that right?"  Turing to set the full weight of her gaze on Dean she let Sam just stare at her with a curious expression. "Every angel, Demon, or other supernatural creature that has died in this version of reality had power... and now I have it. This is not counting the universes that my double has traversed while I have been stuck in stone."
Dean would have like to say that he didn't punch the wall on the way out of the showers, but he couldn't, he needed that dull ache in his knuckles to remind him of what he needed to do. Finding the kid and Elle wasn't that hard, he could hear Jack talking a mile a minute as he talked about one book or another in the library, so that is where he headed. "There are all kinds of books here, we use them all the time for research. Though I much prefer the computer... I don't like the paper cuts." Jack shared conspiratorially and Elle gave a halfhearted laugh that seemed to resonates through Dean. Just watching them a moment and leaning against the entrance jamb he observed the two. Jack was just the same as he had always been, a little blunt and a little... off but kind of endearing, and Elle? Well the jury was still out on that one, he wasn't sure exactly what she was like before so he wouldn't know what to look for if there were changes. They stood a a few feet apart as Elle's eyes scanned the shelves and Jack's eyes were firmly studying her.
Dean made a soft scoffing sound as he turned to look back at the floor where Jack was holding the woman, but now she was awake. Her eyes were open and staring into Jack's soul something fierce as if they were in some sort of silent communication. As Dean really looked at her a strange thought seemed to worm its way into his head.
"Sam Winchester, all put back together again... good." The voice that left the woman was husky and deep, probably from disuse if the face she made was anything to go by. "I am glad Death stopped by when he did, my grasp on the cage was beginning to wane and I was unable to hold that concentration soon after you left." The words left her slowly as if she was tasting them or trying them out for the first time in a long time. After a few more breaths she moved her legs to sit a bit more comfortably. "How long has it been?" Giving her a bit of a smile Sam tells her its been about ten years give or take, to which she nods.
"Jack!" Dean's voice cracked a little as he came over to him, his eyes wandering looking for any wounds or strain of any kind. There at the edge of his vision he sees that silver thread again but this time it seemed to travel through Dean...
Dean flipped the page and saw some Enochian symbols and handed it over to Sam, who was much better with the language than he was. "I wasn't sure where you would rather be Dean, but I assume that it is going in with me." The only thing she got in reply was a grunt but she nodded and continued. "Alright then, that's the main part of the plan. Open the portal and Dean and I head in, you keep things clear and open on this side. Any changes that need to be made will be done inside the empty, that's where all the choices are, entirely too many variables. Our goal is to go in with us two and come back together as a unit of three. No life for a life exchanges, we go in and we come out with Castiel." Both Jack and Sam nod but Dean stiffens noticing that no one is looking at him really. "We have some time, the best would be around one AM, the witching hour, plus it will annoy the empty the most. Can you show me the room so we can get things set up?"
this whole person creation thing, and now with that addition? A whole other being? There was a whole other layer to the madness.
"Wait... your double can move through the different versions of reality even with you locked in stone?" According to the tone it was Sam that asked, and Elle gave him a look that just screamed duh but eventually nodded.
The elder Winchesters looked at each other and then over to Elle with a mix of concern, curiosity, fear, and awe. "How are you a Winchester?" Sam spoke up, trying to start the conversation. "I know that we haven't exactly traced our family tree back, but there are no other Winchesters that we even know about." Which is true, they know about what happened to Henry Winchester, and how that series of events left John an only child. "Are you our sister then? Another child that dear old Dad hid from us?"
The glyphs on the outside of this slab were made of blood, very similar to the ones that were on the door. The cold made them brittle, and even if Jack hadn't come when he did, soon the blood would have flaked on its own and the glyphs would be no more. Letting his instincts guide him he found the glyph that seemed to still have the most strength behind it, one that was locking whatever was inside down into the stone. Someone put a knife in his hand and he scratched through the first glyph, and then the next, and the next, until there was not a completed glyph anywhere he could see on the stone. "Stand back, I don't know how its going to open, but if it shatters that could hurt." Feeling, more than seeing, Dean and Sam comply and step into the hall Jack touched the slab and felt the pulse of power beneath it. There was a brief moment of silence before the slab groaned, cracked, and crumbled beneath his finger tips. Only moments later a black sort of ooze seeped out and onto the floor right along side the body of a person.
"Not exactly? He knew that my power was great and he wanted it on his side, not who I was. When you rule a place you can feel power slip in and out, so he knew that I existed and that I took a lot of juice with me when I left. I only found out what I was thanks to an Archangel I met in Hell. Gabriel? He was able to figure out what I was almost right away and was able to tell me how to utilize my angelic grace to do some pretty cool things, like be in two places at once. I was kind of sorry I couldn't help him escape." The two brothers looked at each other and back to Elle but she paced away a little as if thinking. "I spent four earth years in hell... which is just under 2000 years there, give or take. Three of which I was on my own really... Gabriel didn't know what angel created me, but he knew that I had grace and he taught me to use it. With his knowledge I was able to slip through time and see the beings that  created me... I needed to know who I was. I tried to stay out of things as much as possible when I did go through time, but... there are some things that I couldn't help but change."
There was so much riding on this, on him to make this work. Jack was God now, wasn't he? With the shift in power... thoughts swirled and he took another step back but this time sort of stumbled.
It looked like Sam was thinking or trying to remember something... "it was like she wrapped us in something thick and weighted. Almost like a weighted blanket, it muted the senses and she talked to us for a while.... I think she kept my soul safe when Cas pulled out my body." Something about the way that Sam said those words made Dean grimace, but he held his position at the wall. His brother looked over to him with a little bit of concern, but didn't speak on it, instead he shifted his gaze to the prone figure that had their head now in Jack's lap.
He won't go out looking to get dead, he just... won't care any more. There would be nothing keeping him sharp or on track, he would just let it happen.
"To God Castiel coming back was the work of his angels to keep things running in the grand design, but he was so out of touch with heaven that he never checked. The angels all assumed that God brought him back for a reason.... so no one ever got corrected." Elle shrugged and seemed to fold in on herself a bit rubbing her own arms with her hands, "My double... It saw your whole journey and all the strange twists and turns it could have made, all the strange alternates... or well most of them. Not all... there are a lot of wave lengths that I couldn't reach due to the stone."
"Do you know what it is like spending time all alone in hell?" Elle looked between the Winchesters, her stance turning slightly more defensive and making Jack want to move closer, but he doesn't. "Its awful, simply put. When you and Adam were thrust into the cage I felt the instant connection to your souls, you both had a thread of family to you and instinctively I knew I needed to help you. When Castiel came to take you from the cage Sam, I panicked... I grew up in hell thinking I was like one of them and feeling this angelic grace... even though it called to me because it too felt familiar I was scared of it so I held on too tightly to your soul to try and protect you in my own strange way." The look on her face was sad, full of remorse. "After you were pulled out and eventually Death came to collect your soul... there was a hell of a power imbalance between the two major players, so I tried to hide once more... Purgatory was not a place that I enjoyed... but I spent some time there hiding out, until Crowley started looking into a way to get me out of Purgatory."
to be able to get through the rest of today. There was probably more to it than simply being back in the room where Cas left him, there always had to be. Some sort of sacrifice, and it damned well better be him this time, because Dean would accept nothing less. No one else was gonna die for him, Dean was going to protect the people that he loves and
The thought seemed to sober him a little as he swallowed and tried to flex some of the now more uncomfortable muscles of his body.
After a few deep breaths Dean did as he always did, shoved his feelings down hard and bottled them up. Clearing his throat he leaned his head back and clenched and unclenched his jaw a few times trying to work up to releasing the wheel from his grip. Dean had to trust the kid, he knew that. With all that power locked into his scrawny frame, Dean knew that it was going to take more than some deep breaths to get his ass in gear and trust in this new power that Jack had.
"No.... Sam and I have been traveling through the forest. Got a little turned around while we were arguing, and then we spoke to Rufus — who wants you to stop by sometime soon, by the way — and we came right back here.." Dean answered without reading the parchment and then looked down to see what was in his hands. There was a moment where Dean felt like time just sort of stopped and all the blood drained from his face.It wasn’t that there were many words on the parchment, but Dean took his time to read it twice before swallowing and looking up. Though what he really wanted to do was speak to Sam directly, Dean knew that he needed to take a moment and resolve this issue first. It would not do well for them to have Adler keeping a close eye on them and noticing that they were not the Sam and Dean who ruled here. Licking his lips once, Dean lowered the paper to look over at Bobby and then at Adler. "We haven't come across anyone else today."
"You have his power now Jack... that's what you gained in that clearing, you can set things back to the way they were, just like we talked about." Sam spoke, but with a sort of sad smile. It was true that he had sat down with Jack before they put this plan into motion and discussed what was going to happen next. Jack wasn't really a fan of the plan, exactly, but there was no real choice for him was there? No pressure...
"Do you know what has happened then? With Chuck?" Jack stepped closer to her his shoulder almost touching her back and stopped... Castiel had told him that some people had personal space issues and that he should be aware of that, but something about Elle made him want to be closer. When she didn't really turn to look at him and just shook her head no he continued, "every living creature except us is gone."
"Dean! Sam! There you are, we have been looking everywhere for you!" A skinny boy with a bit of a pimpled face came running over to the horses as they entered the gates. Poor kid was out of breath and he was nearly bent over in half, palms resting on his knees. He finally caught his breath and looked up at the two of them. "Lord Singer was trying to locate you for training."
Right now Dean needed to pull himself together because he needed to get Castiel back stateside... or well back from the empty. Then there was the whole
must be related to these new God powers he has, but that was something to think about after other questions were answered.
"Dean... Jack uh- Jack took Elle around to see some of the things we have here. I asked Jack to give us a few minutes to talk." There was a pinched sort of look on Sam's face which always boded trouble for Dean, but he supposed it was only fair really. When as the last time he was really honest with his feelings to Sam? He deserved better than that,
Though his brother may not have noticed the inhale, Sam surely did. "Uh Elle, this is Dean, my brother." With that Dean looks back over to the woman gives her a look that is both concerned and curious. Elle is staring back at him in a strange sort of way, a touch of wonder mixed with... regret perhaps? It was rather difficult for Dean to catalogue it before she began to stand shakily on her own two feet. "And uh- this is Jack." Again Sam made a vague motion, but this time in Jack's direction.
Right away Jack understood what Elle was not saying, and with her power she might be able to do what she was thinking of doing. "That or... destroy the empty." For a half a second it almost seemed like the air was sucked out of the room,  that was a big ask. Which is why Jack was the one to say it... because if Elle was a Siphon, and currently he was drawing in power too... perhaps the two of them combined could accomplish the goal.
A flush stole across Dean's face as he finally looked over at Sam. "Uh, yeah." Swallowing and then clearing his throat to stall for time, he thought about his next choice of words. "Cas was coming to meet me and I must have dragged you along. So, Cas is out in the forest somewhere looking for me... but I uh — I think I know where... Or ya know I got this uh- image in my head where he is supposed to meet me. It's by a pond, kind of like near where Rufus lives, but the trees are much larger. And we could get there as kids, so it's gotta be close to the city." Sam nodded and stood, looking around the room for a map of the area. It was their best bet, and he was always partial to research. Besides, it looked like Dean was distracted by whatever memory he was sort of rehashing in his brain. Best just to give him that time.
Dean stared blankly at this so called Winchester as if the information made no sense, but Sam seemed to inherently understand what was being said. Passing a look to his older brother he furrowed his brow and opened his mouth to ask a question but stopped. "That doesn't really make sense." Of course it was Jack that spoke and broke the strange sort of tension in the air. It didn't make any sense at all to Jack, but then again there was very little about angels that he knew about. He was technically only three and had only the knowledge that Castiel gave him and what little he could glean from his new powers.
Hanging back for a moment, Dean motions for Sam to go slow so that they can have a bit of a conversation. "What the fuck, Sam? This feels like that time Balthazar sent us into a bizarre-o world where we were actors on a show. What is this place?"
"Why did you have to go and do it like that, why'd you... why'd you gotta throw that on me huh Cas?" The words tumbled out of his throat in choking gasps. "You just dump that on me and just
Dean frowned and leaned against the jamb, Sam never talked about his time in the cage... the first time. Just thinking about it made Dean vaguely nauseous knowing that he spent a whole year with Lisa and Ben while Sam's soul was stuck in the cage and some soul-less version of his brother was out there hunting. There were a lot of things about that time that just
Knowing that the brothers were not raised like most mortal children kind of gave Gabriel a little thrill. Of course he wasn't a fan of the way that John Winchester went off the deep end and raised Sam and Dean. Hence the reason that Bobby was their father in this fairy tale world. No, the thrill came from knowing that they might not put the pieces of the puzzle together right away. Gabriel was no one's trick pony either: he had some surprises in store for the brothers hunter. The sheer amount of joy it brought to his face at just the thought of what his little twists were going to do... well, he wasn't known as Loki for nothing. Chaos brought him more happiness sometimes than happy endings, but he knew how he wanted this one to go and it was Happy... he just needed the brothers to cooperate long enough for it to happen. Plus some of the surprises were helpful... he wasn't that evil.
"What do you mean?" Dean asked instead of Sam, but they both had the same question. Jack on the other hand understood inherently what kind of options she was speaking about, and it all had to do with the deal that he made with the empty.
Sam heads back to the castle to see if he can find a cure and Dean begins to learn some things about himself.
he was doing it, he couldn't know about the guilt and the hurt, because then he would want to have a heart to heart. There would be all those pesky feelings involved that Dean just hated, and he couldn't
"That is a lot of power for one person... we saw Cas take in the souls of purgatory and what it did to him." Sam looked just done with the conversation so Dean put in his two cents. "It rotted him from the inside out and turned him into something he really wasn't."Elle nodded, she had heard some rumors and had seen Purgatory empty when her double slipped through, but she hadn't known that it was Castiel that had taken all that power. Somehow that made a strange sort of sense.
"Yes, I have a few actually, it depends on if the Empty. Its always good to have options." It took a second but she pulled a slim looking journal from the inside of her leather jacket and opened it to a strange looking symbol. "If we use a bit of my blood and paint this symbol on the wall we should be able to open up the correct portal to get us as close to Castiel as possible in the empty." Handing the journal over to Dean she leaned a hip against the table, "from what i know the empty is
Sam was the first one back into the room after the rumbling had stopped. Taking the first few tentative steps in side he gazed about the room and sucked in a sharp breath. There laying in a puddle of viscous ooze lay a figure that he seemed to inherently recognize.
. So he uses it to pick himself up off the floor and straighten out the soft blankets, ignoring the wet spots of his tears, but just making it look like he never touched it. Castiel deserved more than the mess that was Dean Winchester, and Dean knew that, he really did. It was part of the reason that he filled this room with softness and things he thought Cas would love because that is what he deserved Angel or Human. There was a strange hope that sat somewhere in the crumbling recesses of his sore heart that warmed a little at the thought of Dean being able to show Cas that he deserved better, but with the way the Winchester luck went, it was a hard thing to feed into.
"I thought there were no other living beings here... isn't that what Chuck wanted?" Sam asked quietly as he guided them over to the impala, leaving a pleading mortal Chuck behind them in the dust. While that was true, God had wanted the Winchesters to suffer, and watched with glee as every little thing that could bring them happiness was ripped away, apparently it wasn't the case.
"I suppose it wouldn't, but seeing as how I was created in hell and spent a vast majority of my early years learning how to survive that place.... it makes sense to me. I was never even named properly. Mostly because the beings that created me had no idea I existed." Elle turned her body to fully see Jack a bit better and her gaze was intense. Again Jack felt something strange, and he couldn't focus his thoughts enough to put it in words. What was it about Elle that made him feel that way.
It was hard not to see the similarities between the girl and himself, and even Cas if he pulled the Cas head tilt and squint. Elle had some of his mannerisms and attitude, but she also had something about her that was maybe just inherently angel? An aloofness maybe, but not so much a non care like Castiel had when he had first come to earth. So there was something.
Shifting his shoulders a bit nervously Dean tried to remain calm. The stone itself seemed to be pretty solid, a heavy SOB by the looks of it. How something or someone was inside the stone he had no idea, there were no seams that he could see, but still the cold was just vibrating out of this thing like a bass speaker.
Dean blinked and opened his mouth to say something when a small commotion on the field broke the concentration of their little talk. A man was walking through the middle of the training field, giving little care to the fact that he was walking through what was essentially a mock battlefield. There was something oddly familiar about the gait that Dean just couldn't place until the man got close enough to see his face.
"Right... " The word was drawn out and kind of quiet as if she was wondering how to approach what she really wanted to say. Though eventually she seemed to settle on something, looking over at Dean, "the righteous man. I have heard of you, and I met a different version of you once..." Waving a hand off to the right she winced, "it was a very eye opening experience to say the least. At least you haven't hit on me yet." There was a half smile on her face again as Jack lifted a hand to steady her shoulder. "Not really the way I had imagined meeting this version of you."
The internal conflict must have shown more on his face than he realized because he felt a palm slide against his own as Elle gripped his hand. "Let's solve one problem at a time? We need to get Castiel back, yes?" Elle looked over at Dean, she was trying to do what she could to diffuse the situation. Everyone in the room knew it, and though she may not have been privy to the thoughts tumbling around in Jack's head, she offered him support that he didn't realize he had needed. "Lets focus on that first. You said that he was in the Empty?"
"We need to open it." Jack stated softly as he watched the brothers pace around and look for clues. They might have been in their element "case" wise, but Jack felt something different. The power he wielded was being called to this place, to this thing inside the stone. Like what he had was only a piece of the larger whole and whoever was inside held the other half of the power, and he wasn't really sure how he felt about that. The person in the stone was important to him and just knowing that they were locked away felt like something heavy was dropped on his chest and being held there, like he couldn't breathe. The combination of sensations was making it hard to focus yet again. The pull to get them out was intense, and all he wanted to do was touch the stone.
" The thought flashes before his eyes as he struggles to breathe, there was too much power in him all at once. Perhaps if it was just Michael and Lucifer it wouldn't have been this overwhelming... but this was God's power... he held all of it now and ...
Once all their gear was gathered, Jack touched each of them on the shoulder just a moment before he shifts them all to the location where he can feel the pull of this person they need to save. There is a moment where Jack feels like he has hit a wall and stops, pulling them back by a few hundred feet and touches down. Flying with other beings is much different with all this power. Looming in front of them is a large warehouse like structure that looks mostly worn down and abandoned. At one time the place might have been white, but now it was a dingy almost tan color with busted out windows and missing strips of metal from the roof. "I can't move us forward any closer with my power... I think we are going to have to walk from here." The brothers nodded and shifted into hunter mode, eyes ever vigilant and scanning their surroundings looking for threats.
Gabriel watched with glee as Adler stormed away and the Winchesters found themselves inside the castle.
Gabriel thought as he surveyed his handy work. The book had been the perfect lure for all three of his idiots, and the premise was just... spot on. Now he just had to make sure that his plan went off without a hitch, or if there was one, to solve it quickly. His grace was coming back stronger, but it was harder to manage, which was a bummer. Luckily he had thought ahead and had a large component pouch that had ingredients needed to keep things interesting here in the land of make-believe. A quick flick of his wrist and a few well placed sigils on his person and he had grounded himself in the magics here, letting him manipulate his little vision whenever he liked.
Practically dancing with happiness, he headed over to Castiel. His form was still, just as it should be for this to work. Naomi had knocked him out and left him in the little cabin, which wouldn't do for the purpose of this story. Using a bit of subtle magic, Gabriel moved Castiel to where he should have been. Exactly where the Dean would know where to find him. He laid some false trails for Adler and the other idiots to run into — the little cabin would be found by Bobby's men when Gabriel was ready for them to find it. Just a few more things needed to snap into place and everything was ready for step two.
Doing the only thing he could do to block that voice, Dean swallowed harshly and closed his eyes a second before nodding and drawing in a deep breath. Waiting for Sam to hit him with some sort of emotional bomb, another upheaval was.... something else. Whatever was going to fall out of his mouth wasn't meant to hurt him, he knew that, but he also knew it probably was. "We need to talk about this plan Dean. I think we can trust Elle... but I don't think we can trust her when she has all that power. Look at what happened to Chuck!"
"What if we are?" Sam motioned around him and looked at  Dean, "What if this is some strange angel ploy? Sucked into an alternate space... what are we going to do about it? We already saw Alfie — he was an angel back home and here he's what, a squire of some kind?" Dean snorts that Sam knows what that is but lets him continue. "We left the place that Balthazar sent us because he let us out. We need an angel or a spell to get us out of here, and so far I haven't seen an angel or any kind of magic. Maybe we need help here, Dean." They both contemplated the words as Ellen took a sharp right and they had to hurry to keep up.
Licking her lips in a gesture that was far too like Dean for his own comfort, Elle looked back to him and motioned to his shoulder. "I can see the touch of his grace there on your shoulder, and I can pull the rest of it out through that mark. Its rather dangerous for an angel to mark a human this way, especially one that is supposed to be a vessel, due to power manipulation. Though I don't think that Castiel thought about it when he marked you, I think it was more or less instinct." The edges of her lips tipped up in a sort of smile but she continued, "First I will push some power through it with the intent to give Cas a message and wake him should he be asleep, then I will siphon it out. Once the empty spits him out I have a few options on what to do there."
"It depends on who goes in. Jack can't go in, I wouldn't want the empty to try and take any more power than it already has, sorry Jack." There was a soft smile given to Jack but he just had his head hung a little. Dean knew that Jack really wanted to help get Cas back. "You won't be unhelpful though, I will need your help on this side anyway to keep the portal open for when we come back through. I will leave you with a bit of my blood to make sure that the symbol stays correct, but you would be the best option to touch the blood, no offense Sam, I just don't know what it might do to someone who is fully human." Sam frowns but nods looking over to his brother, "and there are a few spells you can keep in your back pocket should the empty try to retaliate on this side. Those are on the next page of my journal there."
was gonna stop him this time. There was no Chuck around to fuck with his plans, and this time he was going to do what needed done to put things right. Jack deserved that, Sam deserved that, and Castiel deserved that and more.
A small tremor went through her body as Jack was about to ask another question and her hands began to glow a soft almost lavender color. The thrum of power in the air multiplied rapidly, almost like they were stuck in some sort of vacuum. The immense cold that permeated the air was sucked in with the power, directly into her hands as they lay open on the ground until everything was silent and calm. They were just in a building lost to time instead of in some creepy demonic warehouse. Rapid change like that was startling, just like the sight of bright hazel eyes opening and looking up at Jack from his lap. All at once Jack felt a sense of calm so he took a deep breath and almost let the room fall away from him as he was caught in the gaze. Hearing Dean and Sam continue to converse as though nothing was happening right in front of them was an odd feeling but he couldn't be bothered.
Jack wasn't exactly sure what happened to him, but he assumed that it had something to do with the empty and the deal that Castiel had made. No one knew that Jack was aware of the deal, and he knew that Castiel hated lying to Dean as a rule, but it was something that needed to be kept from Dean. No amount of wanting to tell Dean about it before was going to change things, perhaps he could with this new power but it was still unsteady.
Clearing his throat made Jack startle, but Elle just turned and smiled. "So you... have a plan?" Walking into the room he stood behind a chair and just held on to the back of it. "Well?"
was something there that felt right. Like old times when it was just going after things that went bump in the night. Of course there were bigger fish to fry, with Cas in the Empty and Chuck now devoid of power. Heaven once again was going to be thrown into chaos. Not to mention all of the power sparking inside of him, and how it wanted to arc into what ever was entombed in this slab.
Intellectually Dean knew that it wasn't his intention to just blurt out the feelings portion of the evening and then die, but he knew what was going to happen if he confessed right? It was like the stages of grief all hit Dean with in a matter of a few hours.
"Wait..."The odd, rather gruff sounding word was spoken and Elle turned to where Dean and Sam stood. Something had finally clicked inside Dean when hell was mentioned, again. "I.. I was the demon wasn't I?" There was a hard swallow and his face was slightly ashen, "and... Cas..."
With an exaggerated eye roll she pats him on the cheek knowingly. "We know, Dean. We all want you to be happy, both of you, so you better pull your head out of your ass." After a breath and another soft pat on Dean's shoulder, Ellen turns to Sam and gives him a squeeze too. "A letter came for you today. It looked weighty but the footman said it wasn't urgent. I suppose you could handle that a little bit later. For now, we have got to get you out to the yard, come on." With that she turns on her heel like she expects the boys to follow as Alfie takes the horses over to the stables.
Only the slightly awkward shuffle of his brother's feet behind him helped to slow his breathing. This... this grief would take him over f he let it and he couldn't, there was too much to do. What he needed more than anything was to be able to focus on something, because if he didn't focus
, Jack thought to himself as he watched her speak. When her body turned his breath sort of caught in his throat again as he was able to see the outline of her wings, or well he was able to see a hint of her wings now that she was sat upright. They were a lovely soft purple, almost magenta color, and they fluffed a bit under his watch. "I am a sort of Nephilim, but imbued with the powers of the archangels... and when Angels are fighting for more power they tend to want to go after what was lost." Dean snorted over at the door knowing that she was correct. That sharp gaze of hers cut to him and she inhaled sharply, not that Dean seemed to notice.
"Castiel made a deal, and though he is in the empty right now, if we turn him human and he gets spat back out, what's to say the empty won't try and take him back if I give him his grace back?" This time Elle's words were blunt and straight to the point. "I have a limited number of options here, and I will do what you all think is best... but I don't think its safe to take the chance that the Empty would get their hands on him again."
to the people that loved him. All the safety and security in the world is what Jack deserved because that is what children deserved and Dean just knew that Castiel would always provide that for him. It was Jack's life that Castiel had traded his own happiness for in the end anyway, even if he used that deal to save Dean
Not something that he wanted to deal with right now but he would keep that little nugget in the back of his mind for later.
"Yeah, come in its the dungeon." Sam gave Dean a strange look as he flipped through the Enochian spell, but Dean ignored him to take Elle through the bunker and into the Dungeon with Jack following close behind. There was plenty to do before the journey so, hopefully Sam was going to keep himself busy and not try and talk all this out before the rescue mission went off, Dean couldn't take that on top of everything else.
Reaching inside her jacket she pulled a metal flask out and took a small sip of whatever was inside as the others in the room tried to make sense of the situation. "You were the reason he knew to hit that place." Dean spoke eventually and watched as she nodded and slipped the flask back inside her coat. "Did you know I was there at that compound?" For a moment Sam looked confused and tried to search his brain for a mention of whatever the hell these two were talking about when it hit him. Once, Dean had told him about how Zachariah had tossed him into the future to see what would happen if Dean didn't say yes to Michael all those years ago. 2014 seemed to be the right year from what he remembered, but still how did Elle know about it?
Jack thought it was a touch curious what they were talking about, because he wasn't sure that he had heard that story, but it was something to ponder at another time. "This way," he pointed Dean in the right direction knowing that Sam would follow behind him. Leading them through the darkness was the east part, he had a glimmering silver thread showing him the correct paths. Sure he had to circumnavigate some walls here or there, but for the most part, it was fairly easy. Focusing on the silver string, he hadn't noticed that Dean had stopped to point out some strange sigils on the walls, mostly written in some archaic form of Enochian. Crude, but not meant to keep angels or humans out, as if they were an afterthought. These were meant to conceal this place from Demons. The further that they walked into the building, the colder it got. It left a slightly uneasy feeling in the pit of Jack's stomach, but he kept moving forward until he came to a door.
Sorry this one took me longer to get out than the others, I decided I should probably get me a beta and they were SUPER helpful and able to fix some of my run on sentence madness. So hopefully The rest of the chapters will come out in a more cohesive and timely fashion. Also if you haven't re-read through there are some minor changes in the previous chapters. Nothing outrageous or plot changing, but some tweaking. <3 as always, love to Phoenix my very patient Beta.
Knowing his brother still had to make it into the room he got closer and before he could stop himself he whispered a name. "Elle?" There was no movement so he knelt down and turned the body over to check for a pulse with a frown. If she was who he thought she was, she was real and corporeal, and wearing the strangest looking cloth gown that Sam had ever seen. "I don't think she is breathing.... I can't find a pulse." A flicker of something echoed in the back of Jack's mind as he watched Sam carefully maneuver the prone figure. Biting back words that he wasn't sure that he really wanted to say Jack knelt down next to her head and gently placed a hand on her cheek. Immediately he could tell why she wasn't breathing, the black goop that she was surrounded in was inside her lungs and her body had gone into a dormant type state to make sure it took no damage.
but there was very little he could do about that right now. "D-Dean, talk to me. You know you can right? It... it doesn't have to be a chick flick moment, okay. But you should talk to someone, and right now? This... whatever this is going through your head right now? That is going to get you killed Dean... I can't- please just talk to me."
Looking down at the kid, Dean had a vague memory. This was that kid Cas had them try to rescue, that Angel... what was his name... "Alfie?" The kid blinked and blushed with a shake of his slightly shaggy hair. There was a vague recollection of Cas calling him something else though, and he only went by Alfie because that was what was on the nametag his vessel had on or something.  "No wait... uh.. Samandriel? Right? Sorry... it's uh — been a long day." The kid seemed to take that a lot better once he’d explained himself a touch. "Where can we find uh — Lord Singer?"
"Oh, that one is easy.  I am a Winchester." Elle gave a half smile that was reminiscent of some of the half smiles that Jack had seen the brother's give. "Shocking I know," addressing the disbelieving stares of the Winchester brothers she swallowed and spoke again. "Seeing as how I am in familial company I figure its the best time to drop the bomb. I am a child of free will... of sorts anyway. I was created through a series of events that God couldn't really have accounted for when he created his grand design." This was said with an accompanying eye roll that almost rivaled Dean's.
"You won't." The softly spoken words held a strange conviction as Elle turned around to face Jack fully. Hazel eyes stared into his intently and he could see her wings twitch slightly behind her almost as if they were going to move in and comfort him. "Power like that is based on intent. Do you intend to put things back the way they belong for the living creatures on this planet?" Jack nodded because words were escaping him again as he stared at her, and then she smiled. "Then you will be fine. Breathe in deeply, close your eyes and focus your intent... then snap." The slightly gravelly tone eased Jack into doing what she said, a deep breath in as he closed his eyes and he visualized what he wanted to do... and then SNAP.
The new power inside him thrummed, recognizing that these threads were different kinds of bonds. Different colors meant different things, but Jack didn't have any one in his life that was like Castiel, or even close to a connection as Dean had with Castiel,
"Four Sticks" was sliding through the speakers of the Impala as they pulled up to the bunker. Dean beat out the steady tattoo of the beat against the steering wheel with his thumbs as he pulled into the garage and Sam couldn't help but roll his eyes. Somethings never really did change, which could be a good thing in their case. Still, an uncomfortable weight was sitting on his chest as he glanced into the backseat before opening the passenger door. Seeing Jack sitting there... it was not what he was expecting when he started the day. Knowing that their plan might not work he had all kinds of worse case scenarios built up, but this? Jack coming home? it was never a possibility that he even expected... no matter how long or short lived that might be. Perhaps that is why it took him a few moments to get his bearings before getting out and heading deeper into the bunker after Jack and Elle, leaving Dean to close the garage door and make sure everything was all good to go upstairs.
worked, he figured Cas could suss that out when he got back. Cas would know how to handle all of this, even if he was a human he could handle anything that was thrown at him with a cool head. Its why Dean often relied so heavily on him, and damn if that didn't make him feel more guilty. Cas
"So it tortures you?" Dean just nodded to his brother, he remembered Cas telling him something along those lines when he came back the first time. "How are we going to side step that?"
That was a valid point, Chuck had all this power but he was just one person. There was a choice right? Elle said she could take the power, or she could keep Castiel's grace... so which was the better option? Human Cas had proven time and time again that he could take care of himself without his grace, but it would weigh so heavy on him if he couldn't help Jack with what Jack was now going to have to do in Heaven.
It was Sam, of course, who broke the silence, "Elle... is that you?" The woman on the ground let her eyes slide away from Jack, though it looked like it took considerable effort. They slid over to Sam quickly and a soft smile appeared at the corner of her mouth. With slow and rather unsteady movements she attempted to sit up with Jack aiding her as best he could until she was upright enough to look over the group.
With a confused sort of look Dean looked at her bag and the car keys before pushing between Sam and Jack to make his way out of the alley way and over to the Impala. "There you are Baby." Dean gave the roof an affectionate pat before opening the driver's door and sliding onto the familiar leather seat. "Well, get in so we can head back home and try out this plan of yours." Without waiting for them to get in Dean starts the car. As it rumbles to life Sam takes the passenger seat and Jack holds open the door for Elle to sit down in the back, but she scoots all the way across so he needn't walk around. As the sounds of Led Zeppelin's "Immigrant Song" fills the silence, Dean turns the Impala towards home with thoughts of a new and hopefully brighter future.
"Uh- yeah sort of... I thought..." Sam sat flush against the floor and looked over at Dean who was holding position at the door way. "When I was... When I jumped into the cage with Michael and Lucifer there was this presence..." Letting out a huff of air on something close to a laugh Sam paused trying to think about how crazy this was going to sound. Honestly he looked like he was struggling for words when Jack finally did look up at him, "and it sort of kept Adam and I away from the angels.... I thought it was a dream or defense mechanism of some sort to deal with the trauma of being stuck there with them. I didn't know she was real."
There was also Elle... but that was an entire other set of baggage that he just wasn't sure that he could tackle in this life time let alone today. When Cas had said that both he and Dean shared a profound bond he wasn't sure what that meant, but apparently now it meant that they shared a kid... or well two really. Jack may not have been biologically his or Castiel's but that didn't mean that Jack wasn't Castiel's kid. Elle was
Dean squeezed his eyes tighter and clenched his jaw because... damnit... Jack was the closest thing to a son that he ever had, yeah there was some time he had with Ben that he felt a similar way, but this was different. The kid wasn't just some kid... Jack was Cas' kid... Jack was a Winchester though he didn't have the name. What he wouldn't give to have Jack not carry this burden.
Trying to coach himself through the storm that he was riding wasn't really working out for him but it was better than the alternative. Thinking about what would happen if this little plan didn't work. Forget the fact that this girl...
Sam looked at his brother who was watching Elle with narrowed eyes and a rigid stance, "how can you do that?" Asking the questions now was going to clear the air quick. So it was better to just get that out of the way.
Beside him, Sam took a deep breath and watched out of the corner of his eye as Adler huffed in indignation and sort of floundered for what he wanted to say. Bobby looked over at the man with a raised eyebrow until he walked off with a huff and turned to the boys with a sly sort of half smile on his face. "You did good there Dean, very… restrained for you. Glad to see those tutors we got you weren't a waste after all. I thought you might have slugged the pompous ass."
They created another being and she was going to try and help bring Cas back. So... he could think of her as his daughter right? Licking his lips Dean tried to clear his head again. Maybe
"Alright," the gruff and cracked sound of Dean's voice grates on Jack as they all pile into the Impala and head back into town. Jack can zap them where they need to go, but Dean would never leave Baby near Chuck after what Chuck had done. Pulling into the vacant town after a little bit of a drive, Dean swings Baby into a parking spot and shuts off the engine, gripping the wheel tight and releasing it a few times. Seeing Chuck again after he had turned down Dean and Sam's little cease fire arrangement was... difficult for Dean. The whole point of this whole charade was to stop Chuck and put the world back to rights, and nothing was okay right now. Gripping the wheel one more time Dean pressed his head against his hands and closed his eyes. He heard more than saw Sam and Jack exit the Impala and head around to the trunk, but he was focused on his thoughts. Making Jack do this, making him take all that responsibility on himself made something break inside Dean. It was like looking at a mirror, Jack had too much responsibility thrust on him so young, and it was all because of them...
Walking down the hall he paused in front of a door almost directly across the hall from his own and he felt that knot in his stomach drop further than he thought it could go. It was the room that he had originally prepared for Cas when he knew that he was human and Dean had
To someone? What kind of father are you, Adler? I knew letting you and your wife come in here and set up your stray sanctuary was a bad idea. Not the premise, absolutely give kids a home, but this is how you treat them? As a transaction?" All movement on the training field stopped at the outrage. "And then you come here to my courtyard and accuse my boys of wrongdoing?"
Something that sounded like choking left Elle's throat as she almost gagged. "No, absolutely not. I wish I could say I wasn't related to that particular Winchester but that's not my luck. While it is true that you couldn't trace me through normal means because I am by no means normal. I was created roughly 2008 or 2009 I can never quite remember."  This of course was enough of a flimsy statement to get the brothers to give Elle some strange looks. Both of them looked ready to argue so instead she sighed and continued, "I am a very interesting creation of a Demon and an Angel, coming together in a large surge of power." There was a pause here whether it was for dramatic effect or just to let the words sink in no one was quite sure, but she continued. "A piece of this Demon, who was not fully demon by the way, and a piece of the Angel fractured off and melded together creating me."
him to stay. Of course in the end he was manipulated yet again by an angel and he had kicked a very human Cas to the curb... and well didn't that end up well for all parties involved? Before he could even really think about it he had opened the door and looked inside. It was just the same way that Dean had left it, and he was never sure if Castiel had even stepped foot in the damn room.
Adler looked like he wanted to rant some more, his face turning red like it was about to burst. "How DARE you?jJust because you are some princeling brat does not mean you can lie your way through things. You read his note, he was coming to find you!" His face looked so heated that Dean was almost sure you could cook an egg on the top of his head, but he knew that he couldn't back down. Not now, not after reading the note. They may be in some strange alternate verse but Cas and Dean had some kind of relationship here. Not being from this place and knowing little of the nuance and what people might actually know about it put a bit of strain on the normally cocky sort of swagger that he might throw around in these circumstances. As of right now, he knew that Adler, Bobby, Cas, and himself knew the contents of the letter but who outside that circle knew they were together without reading the note? That was the question, wasn't it. Bobby hadn't seemed shocked when he read it either, so he probably knew more than he was letting on.
"The thought crossed my mind..." Dean mumbled as he looked over some sort of drawing and let his thoughts sort of develop from there. Something in the back of his mind told him that he
"Gabriel taught me a lot, and he is the one who gave me my name based on my power... the Angel of the Supernatural apparently, but Elle is much easier to say." Another shrug, "look I know it sounds crazy but it might just be the best option we have. If it makes you feel better, once I syphon it, I will put the power in a talisman and store it in case we need it later." The look she gets off of both of the Winchester brothers makes her laugh but she just looks around the room. "I suppose we should get this show on the road then, and get to work on getting Castiel back on this side of things. I am not sure where I need to go, so I am going to need your direction."
Back at the bunker Dean has a lot to think about, so much was just dropped on him and he is not sure how he is still standing, but he knows that he needs better control to get through the next part of this insane plan. They are going to get Cas back one way or the other.
When the thought crossed his mind his breath caught in his throat and he had to rapidly clear it to even focus.
With Chuck now mortal, and more power than he knows what to do with, how will Jack and the Winchesters figure out their next steps? By following the Silver Thread of course.
"Castle courtyard, as always. We've a few new faces that he wanted to introduce you both to, and a few new knights. Wanted your opinions on some rumors that he had heard recently... anything more than that I wouldn't know. The Lord's been a bit quiet with all the strange things happening." Alfie shrugged and collected the reins to draw them through the city and over to what could only be called a castle, chattering the entire time.
Indecision warred within him but he took a deep breath and just thought about it. His angelic side was pulling him here, this was an angel thing, and it was connecting to the new powers that he had gotten from Chuck. It was the more human hunter side that wanted to get away from the power here, but in order to get Cas out of the empty they were going to need every trick in the book and every little bit of help that they could get. So the slab needed to be opened. Not really knowing when he decided to close his eyes, he opened them to look over at Dean and nodded. "I have to get it out... whatever I am drawn to is inside, and it will help us." Dean nodded and stepped back, giving Jack's shoulder one more squeeze, and let him concentrate.
Sam huffed out a breath as Dean got closer to Jack. "What is your gut telling you kid?" With a soft squeeze of the hunter's hand at his shoulder for grounding Jack looked up at Dean. "Don't look at Sam, or even me. What is your gut telling you?" That was a hard question to answer because he couldn't really tell. That was part of the problem. Living with the Winchesters he learned a lot of things, like how to read a situation, and right now that situation read: GET OUT OF HERE. At the same time, something else inside him needed to get that slab open and both feelings conflicted with each other.
As the steam rose off his skin and the water was turned off he dried and dressed. The outfit just like so many in the Winchester wardrobe, but it was his armor at this moment in time. Something familiar that gave him strength that he was going to need to get through the next few hours, days, however long until he rescued Cas. There was no other option for him, he had to rescue him, it didn't matter what happened to insignificant Dean Winchester, but he needed to rescue Castiel. That was the only thought that hung about his neck like his talisman used to, the only tether that he had right now, that and his anger was going to propel him forward into the empty and pull that son of a bitch back whether he liked it or not. There was too much here that Castiel needed to do, to experience, that Dean wasn't going to let him off the hook that early. So what if what Elle had planed didn't work, they would find something else. They would get the angel back, and that was that.
"Your Castiel is a good kid, always pleasant and he has manners. Which I can't say all the other "Angels'' have. Especially those two oldest Adler boys,they wanted to become squires of some sort here a while back, but their lack of discipline and decency saw them out of here within the first day." Bobby shrugged and leaned a hip against the table, "Besides, Castiel ain't no
"There you boys are, we were getting worried about you!" Ellen’s rich voice cut through the boy's musings as they turned and looked to find the source. She stood on top of a set of stone stairs wearing a dress of heather grey and moss green. Dean struggled to recall whether he’d ever seen Ellen — their Ellen — in a dress. With a wide smile, she descended the stairs as the boys dismounted and Alfie held the reins for the horses. "You are never late for your meetings.... though it looks like you both fell off your horses. What happened?"
Tilting his head a bit Dean thought about what she was saying, "this version? You have met others? Who are you?"
It took Dean a second to fully step into the room and close the door softly behind him, no one would actually look for him here if they needed to find him. As far as Sam knew this was just another unused room, and he would be able to hear anyone coming down the hall. The green duffel hit the floor near the foot of the bed as Dean approached it and ran his fingers softly over the fuzzy blue blanket he bought and the soft robe he had laid at the foot of the bed. Cas had never been human so Dean had wanted him to feel all the soft and warm things he could when he had become human. Unchecked, a tear rolled down his cheek as he gripped the soft blanket and choked back a sob. The room was
Dean could never quite remember what had happened in hell to get him out, there was never anything that he could visualize. He remembered Alistair and what that bastard made him do, but the actual escape was just blank to him. Even though the words hurt and seemed to crush something inside him he listened with rapt attention as she continued. "When Castiel reached you and began to remove you from hell the demon side of you that was growing attempted to fight back, and he had to use his grace to pull the human part of you inside his true form; your soul. This strange situation left a piece of his grace to embed itself in both your soul and the demonic thing you would have become, thus creating me." All of this was said in a clam and quiet manner as Elle rocked back on her heels slightly, almost as if uncomfortable saying the words out loud. "An unholy union of the demonic essence of the righteous man and the angelic grace of an angel with the capacity to feel went rather unnoticed by the overseeing powers until Sam here was removed from the cage and I held onto the souls."
later he used a bit of his grace to expel the goop from her lungs and it made an immediate difference. A soft flush came to her features as she was able to breathe on her own, but it did not seem as if she was ready to come back to consciousness just yet.  "There, she can breathe now..." Mumbling the words seemed to be the right thing to do when Sam seemed to relax himself and sit back on his heels. "You called her Elle.... do you know her?" Jack didn't look up to see the younger Winchester answer, instead he brushed her hair to one side and noted curiously that her head was shaved on the sides and back and only the top bit of hair was long. The style of it seemed to naturally want to fall to the left side of her face.
The answer was never, not in his head, not even in his dreams when he had those on the very rare occasion. Closing his eyes was no better, not right now, not when all he could see is Castiel's face and watch his mouth moving as he said the words and the empty came to swallow him up. There was a sharp pain in his chest as he tried to suck in a breath, and he clenched his eyes tight to try and not make a sound.
Trying to focus he takes a few steps back looking between the brothers and Chuck, he absentmindedly snaps his fingers and heals the Winchesters, watching the dawning realization on Chuck's face. There is so much to do that Jack's mind wanders as he tries to focus the power like Castiel taught him, but he just can't. Dimly he hears Sam and Dean speak to Chuk but he can't hear the words with the thrum pulsing through the back of his head.
"Purgatory? So wait, Crowley knew who you were?" Dean looks absolutely wounded as he asks the question. Flickers of emotion danced behind his eyes as he tried to sort out the raging and combative thoughts in his head. All that time... The dull roar that came from inside him almost drowned out what Elle said next as she fumbled through more of her explanation.
As much as Dean wishes he could refute the voice in his head... he is not wrong is he? Dean constantly said no to higher powers, and every time something big and strong came along he resisted and pushed back. Jack is three and it is all his fault that the kid has God like powers that he needs to learn to control ASAP and get the world back on the right track. What kind of man can do that to a kid?
Right, Dean is concerned. "I... there is a lot of power that I am trying to ground... its all new." Jack was trying to reassure the elder Winchester, the next closest thing he had to a father, but instead in his gesturing vaguely around him he accidentally touched the thread and pulls in a sharp gasp of air. That thrum got worse, more insistent... with a hint of confinement. Whatever was on the other end of this thread wanted to be found, "there is something... it's- I need to find something... it's very important." The words sort of fell from his lips and he watched as Dean's eyes traveled across his face and then shifted over his shoulder where he assumed that Sam was standing. The brothers were hunters, and he knew that they couldn't just blindly trust the word of some kid, even if that kid was now God... so he closed his eyes and tried to visualize what was at the end of the thread. For the most part it was darkness... and then there were eyes, bright and beautiful hazel eyes that seemed to open as he got close. Those eyes searched for something and when they landed directly on Jack he couldn't help but suck in a sharp breath of air and open his eyes. "I think I found... them? I... its a person, not a thing... I think... They are in trouble."
When they rounded the corner, they saw a large yard filled with people of all kinds in various states of armor practicing different things. Standing in front of them up on a slight stone platform was a man in what looked like a moss-colored cape with his back to them. Ellen waved them to continue on without her as she walked along the edge of the courtyard. The boys headed over to the man. Even though they’d begin to suspect what was coming, when Bobby Singer turned around and gave them a grin, it was still a strange experience.
Looking between the two brothers who were more like father figures than his father would have ever been, Jack hesitated to ask his next question. "You said she protected you, but how?" Letting his eyes travel between this Elle and Sam he was able to a very thin thread connecting the two, he recognized it as a familial type thread, but not siblings. The thread was also connected to Dean, but this one was a bit thicker, so she was related to the brothers somehow. That would explain why she would come if their souls were in trouble, she would be compelled to.
issue that he had to handle. For a moment after it happened he was hit with grief so hard that he just stopped functioning. His phone was blowing up, but he didn't have the wherewithal to even reach for the thing and deal with the nonsense that  might be happening on the line. All he could do is just breathe and halfheartedly whimper. Growing up as a Winchester, no as
"Good, that's... great." Dean spoke this time, perhaps feeling a little uncomfortable. "Now we just gotta get Cas back and then we can go home." Brushing some imaginary dust off of his shoulder he looks over to Jack and Elle before settling his gaze on his brother who... doesn't look like he agrees with that statement. "Sam?"
as he left it, Cas had never seen anything in here, he had never known that he cared like this. Even when they got Cas back and he was here in the bunker for Jack, Dean never worked up the nerve to bring him in here and show him what he did.
"Adler, what can we do for you today?" Bobby's voice got gruff, just like it did when he was dealing with the boy's nonsense. It was clear to both of them that Adler was a thorn in his side here in this realm, but not knowing what he did here it was hard to tell what exactly was going on. "And what are you accusing my boys of now?"
Using Naomi like that was a bit of a kick in the pants, but it made for a better story and he is all about that right now. In her "life", she died thanks to Metatron, but here... comeuppance would be a little sweeter, he hoped. Just because Gabriel decided that he didn't want to be involved in celestial politics didn't mean that he condoned what the witch was doing. None of his brothers or sisters deserved to be factory reset like they were machines. They were creations; heck, they could be considered people... ya know, if you squinted and tilted your head a little. They were the precursors to humans after all, and God wanted them to love and protect the humans. But when the Angels actually did that, they were purged like a computer that caught a weird virus? No one deserved that, not really.... Gabriel considers it for a moment longer and rifles through what's left of Castiel's mind. Ah! There's the memory block. If he just... twists right... there. That should do it — every memory Cas lost during his reset. Things were about to get interesting. Now the question is, how best to utilize this new chaos device… the options.
Jack walked Elle into the bunker and immediately began to show off different features in the main room waiting for Dean to come down. Jack didn't know which room they were in when the empty came for Cas, so this was the best thing to do. Dean was upstairs taking a few deep breaths. He was going to have to walk back into that room... and his emotions were all over the place.
"I'm so... Cas-I ..." Dropping to his knees was really all he could do as the tears were just rolling from his face and he couldn't stop their fall if he wanted to. Once he was there, his face just fell into the bedding, soft and smelling lightly of disuse and musty bunker, but it didn't matter. The bedding helped to muffle the sound and it let him just
Taking just another moment or two to look around the room and make sure that everything was back in the place that Dean had left it before he grabbed his duffel at the end of the bed and headed back into the hall and over to his own room. With a methodical precision Dean emptied his duffel into piles as he sorted the mess that it had become. Dirty clothes were tossed in the area of the clothes hamper that he had in his room and then he carefully refolded the clean (or sort of clean) ones and set them to the side. Next was weapon maintenance, which he went through like a robot, letting that anger at himself build and build so that he could pretend to be himself again. It was about time to clean his 1911, maybe he would do that later when he couldn't sleep. Instead of hanging her on the wall with the rest of his weaponry, he set her on his nightstand so that he would remember that is what he wanted to do. Each of the others had been cleaned and double checked earlier in the day, so they went to their respective homes and the ammo was next. Though they lived in a bunker that had a weapons room, he still kept a large stock pile of the ammo where he could easily access it. When it came time to tuck the duffel away and put all the clothes in their homes Dean paused and took a harsh breath as he took off his top layer and saw the hand print for himself.
Castiel flicked his wrist, expertly palming Dean’s cock before swiping sharply back down. Dean hissed through his teeth, his body sinking back into the sheets as his hips lifted of their own volition. His gaze swung wildly, locking with Castiel’s.
, Maggie’s side-sweep hooking her shin and reeling her over. She shakes herself out along the floor, catching her breath before begrudgingly accepting the hand that Maggie offers to her. Tight grip, counterbalance weight, and then by mutual agreement the two of them are upright and limping their way over to the towel rack.
Maggie must read her tension, despite how Ryan’s trying to hide it. Her smile softens, becomes something almost encouraging. “You could probably take a couple hunts too, if you wanted to. I could ask Sam if there’s something we could work together—”
Rowena drags a dark look in Dean’s direction, one that speaks of bodies buried in places that will never see light again. “I know it’s a spell, you wee brain. It’s why you called me here, begging for help. Remember?”
Miriam scrubs a hand over her mouth. "I know. Just know that web services is gonna be pissed for a bit. And me. I’ll be pissed."
“Mm.” Cas stretched out his legs much the same as Dean had, this time his knot jostling Dean in place. His arms briefly tightened around Dean, squeezing gently as he released tension from his back.
Dean shudders, some panicked, slippery thing crawling up inside of him, driving him to look back at the space he just departed. Look at the wall where the Empty emerged, where it had poured out and sank like a blade into Cas’ chest. Look to where he had almost missed Cas’ parting glance—
Sam rocks on his heels, reaching a steadying hand for the war table. His gaze flits around, landing on Jack, Dean. Thinking. “How? I thought the two were out of reach from each other.”
“Who knows,” Dean says, “but if this girl was taken by the same creature fourteen years ago, she might have some answers. Anybody know where this Rebecca lives?”
At least, that’s what Dean suspects happens. One moment he’s cutting up the side ice, the next his helmet’s flying and his head is throbbing, his ears are ringing and his vision has fully blacked out.
Dean’s fine. Really. He doesn’t need to stand for his coworker’s running commentary on his health, or their attempts to intercede in what feels like a senseless crime, Dean staying at work with the sniffles.
“What?” Dean squints. “No, I just told him there’s no cold spots or ectoplasm. I haven’t found any leads yet.”
Tilting back her head, Patience sighs. “We’re losing ground. Whatever’s causing the barrier is growing, and we have no way of stopping it, or even tracking it down.”
But Dean had already risen to his feet, hands slapped against his thighs. “Don’t worry, I’ll figure it out. A stove’s a stove, right?”
It’s too gentle on him; Dean has to look away. “It’s—fine. Really. Just think about it. Who’d’ve made the cake—Jack?
Oh, no. Dean does not like where this train of thought is going. “Too early to worry about drafts,” Dean grumbles.
Predictably, Sam shakes his head in answer. “Don’t worry about it. Just—give him time. He’s been taking your whole… thing—pretty hard.”
Dean lunges for the tossed cell, grabbing it on reflex. The screen is unlocked and open to the photo gallery, a picture taken of Cas sitting in the exact same place he’s sitting now, looking much the same. Dean shares a puzzled glance with Cas. Cas returns the sentiment with an exasperated sigh.
But this is Jack. Castiel has witnessed the paradise his birth would usher in. And if he requires Castiel’s help...
“Got your lamb’s blood,” Ricky says, bending close, scarcely above a murmur. “That femur bone too. It’s a bit nicked-up—rookie did the cut—but should still be good for …” He waves his hand in a slow, small circle, roping up the idea of
Sam straightens, likewise affected as Dean. His hands look empty, clutching for some known book on some known shelf. “The lore says that without the Tree, all life on earth with eventually die.”
Cas doesn’t comment, merely waits out the shakes that course through Dean. In spite of his recent role as Dean’s punching bag, he’s still trying to help Dean through it. Never really stopped trying, even with the obstacles Dean tosses his way.
Sam laughs. He asks a couple questions about Dean (“I’m right here!”) and then jumps into exchanging pleasantries, covering the usual small talk that comes up between strangers. Dean tolerates it for a couple minutes before he forcibly turns the laptop camera back onto himself. “You’re leaving me out,” he complains, his glare angled toward Sam and Castiel alike.
“Growing,” Patience finishes, a fragile note entering her voice. “Sometime since the last time we traced it, it’s totally changed and I don’t know why.” The map’s edge warps beneath her tightening fist. “And I
Silence lapses between them. Dean knocks his foot playfully against the side of Castiel’s desk. “I, um. Missed you. This morning.”
Donnie listens dully to the dead dial tone, his hand slowly carrying the receiver to the wall. The pounding comes again at the entrance and he snaps back to it, checking his watch as he walks. With the time in mind, he spares a few moments turning down the chairs he crosses along the way.
Sam folds his hands over his head and blows out a long breath. The moment hangs dead between them. Dean keeps his head down and finishes his burger, chewing away in silence. He doesn’t meet Sam’s eye, not even when Sam says, “I’m going to call Max. Whether he can help or not, it’s probably a good idea to see what he thinks.”
“Great,” Miriam chimes, the word dragging out of her a half-beat slower than Dean’s proclamation of the same. Dean grunts through a breath as Bart squeezes them into his sides, dragging them out towards the office tower’s front entrance. Dean fakes interest in whatever small talk Bart is blathering on about, all the while making eye contact with Castiel, who is watching from afar, giving a guileless smile in response to Dean's gaze begging,
Outside, he shovels his change back into his wallet, his attention momentarily caught by the squealing kids biking past, rainbow slushies dripping condensation on their handlebars. Claire must've climbed out while the car was refueling, fetched the squeegee, and started scrubbing bug guts off the windshield, but she subsequently answered a phone call part way through, leaving the driver’s side conspicuously dirty.
Though his body was still alert for danger, Dean forcibly relaxed his stance. “Anything, Cas. You can tell me.”
The door to the motel room rattled, keys turning in a lock. Castiel hastily pulled up his trousers, zipping and fitting his belt buckle back into place. It was only once Dean had stepped inside the room that the moaning television became more than an afterthought.
“I mean,” Sam continues, voice thick, even as he forces it to remain light, “if we want to be fatalistic about it, no one even knows that something happened to her. We could walk away and nobody would be worse for it.” He scoffs, his expression crumpling. “We can’t even write down her name.”
Cas, sensing victory, rose up in height. “Behind the bunker entrance, in the patch of earth lined by mulberry bushes.”
Dean narrows his gaze. “Why d’you think you’re gonna get in trouble? You caught the bug before it went to production.”
Suzie nods once at the boy, when he glances to her guilelessly. She drags a scratchpad out from her pocket and looks between him and the man in the trench coat. “What flavor, what number, and what time,” she says, and the two men begin filling her in on the details.
Castiel hums. “I remember my work semester. I was placed in a class of eighth-graders.” His mouth cracks with a smile. “I was so nervous, I came home every day pale and ready to throw up.”
Cas doesn’t seem sad, somehow, or even angry. He merely looks as though Dean’s affection is a disappointing fact of life. It hurts so badly that Dean could suffocate on it, that to have this feeling touch him again—even for an instant—would strike him bloody and dead.
It’s not until Dean’s soft snores come in a consistent rhythm that Castiel decides the coast is clear, and he can pack up for the night. He takes his laptop and a set of work clothes for the morning with him, plus a few toiletries that he’ll need from the ensuite. He briefly hovers by the bedside lamp before he goes, looking over Dean with a hand outstretched to the switch.
“Sam?” he begins, drawing Sam’s attention away from the thermos he’s wedged beneath the coffee dispenser. “What are you and Dean hiding from me?”
“Miriam usually handles all of those,” Inias gives as an excuse, which, sure, Dean can see it, considering the way things were handled before—but between BEAU and the updates, it’s too much work to put onto Dean’s plate.
She waits while Dean, groaning, pulls up his inbox to confirm what she’s saying. Sure enough, there’s a meeting invitation awaiting his response, sent out from the members of the central analysis board. The CAB consists of faces Dean seldom sees, much the way he prefers it: upper, upper management only met with underlings who fucked up in incredible, unprecedented ways.
This was getting ridiculous. They couldn’t continue like this forever. It wasn’t even that Dean didn’t know
The bookstore owner shrugs and leans back into the small decorative pillow in the corner of the couch he is occupying. "I thought everyone already loved you. Seeing as so many people would trade places with my humble self in an instant just to bask in your glorious presence."
Dean shook off the angel's hand and leaned back against the counter after placing the empty bottles on top of it. "I feel like we've been thrown back in time or something."
Swallowing down the unexpected sting of rejection, Dean balled his hands into fists by his sides. “Right. Guess I’ll go check out the scare crows.”
. It belongs to a weird dude who dresses like a tax accountant, has blue friggin' eyes and is immune to my unrivalled charm."
of that piss Cas of all people off enough to break through his stoic demeanor, and to a point that had him slamming doors, no less? They’ve tried to kill each other, on more occasions than he’d like to admit. But a conversation with someone over some onion rings,
Cas laughed, though it wasn't like at the market this morning, all warm and full. It was a sharp, frustrated sound that cut Dean right where it hurt the most. "Dean. Bree had to be convinced too. She was under the impression you and I were ‘a thing’, as you'd say."
They spent their days apart doing their respective work but had a standing evening appointment in a dingy roadside diner that served burgers with a side of fried green tomatoes. Conversations flowed easily between them and while there had been a noticeable shift in tension over text, it didn’t hold a candle to the spark Dean was feeling sitting across from the guy. There wasn’t much point in kidding himself, he’d wanted Cas’s company ever since that djinn put the idea of gentle touches in his mind but by now that want had turned into a full on craving. He took any excuse to touch Cas. A friendly clap on the shoulder here, and affectionate ruffle of his hair there. Of course the angel always put up a token protest but even he couldn’t hold back a smile.
The implication of Dean regaining Cas’ trust being a potential trigger to lose him entirely was too much to handle right then. "Cas, no. We gotta do something!"
It’s not an unreasonable hope, he learns, when Cas returns home from Nephilim-Turned-God Business School one day shuffling around in the entryway more than usual.
Jack shoves a spoonful of food into his mouth, the milk-to-cereal ratio lopsided enough for loud crunching noises to fill the awkward silence as he doesn’t move a muscle to take the phone. Dean heaves a tortured sigh but doesn’t push him. “Kid’s not in a talking mood,” he says into the phone. “I’ll catch you later.” And he hangs up.
Speaking of Cas, the angel takes the opportunity to get up and gathers his things from around the bed, watching them play with a fond expression on his face. When Dean meets his eyes from under the kicking and screaming toddler, he finds a hint of smugness in them. “I’ll go take a shower and then take you up on your offer.”
even if Cas stubbornly refuses to admit it. The end result is a spacious and fully functional kitchen with an island that easily seats four and acts as a nice divider between this area and the living room. The cabinets get filled with ingredients, there’s beer in the fridge and Cas adds a fruit bowl on the counter that holds his first little harvest of strawberries.
Dean frowned at the information. “Sounds like a bunch of inexperienced idiots getting lost on their weekend hike to me, man.”
. There's only one other person outside reading the blurb of a fantasy novel so Dean takes a deep breath and steps into the store. He doesn't know what he expected exactly but it certainly wasn't… this.
Cas nodded without meeting Dean’s eyes, clearly not convinced Dean had any fault in this mess. He instructed the other angels to take care of the body and wait by his car. The order was met with compliance.
his presence but then he realizes the Impala is parked out front. He doesn’t really have the time to be disappointed when he almost bumps right into Cas at the bottom of the stairs.
The angel went to the door while Dean jogged through the rain to get his bag from where he had tossed it on the backseat. It didn’t take him much time at all but by the time he set foot in the room he was soaked from head to toe.
Castiel frowns as he snatches up the book Dean put back and cradles it to his chest as if the mechanic defiled it with his filthy uneducated hands. The simple action stings more than he's willing to admit. "Did I seem in need of help to you?" Castiel asks as he shelves the book without looking back at the mechanic.
“I, uh, well. Why don’t all of you tell me a little something about the work you’re doing here, your routines while traveling. Something like that.”
“Okay then,” Dean mumbled. The temperature had dropped quite a bit compared to what it had been in Kansas and his wet clothes weren’t exactly helping. He needed a hot shower and then at least a couple of hours worth of shuteye. The hunter peeled out of his wet flannel and t-shirt, unceremoniously dropping them to the floor. As he opened the door to the bathroom he could swear that he felt the angel’s eyes on his back but when he turned to look, Cas’ eyes were still shut.
Had the roles been reversed, Dean is pretty sure he’d have been offended. But Cas is Cas, and so he just smiled patiently and reached out to cup Dean’s cheek in the palm of his hand. “Maybe I just have to make sure you have a point of reference in the future.”
“Right.” Dean flushes with embarrassment, eyes darting around to make sure none of the passengers around them overheard that tidbit of insanity. “Sorry.”
That was all the goodbye they got as she dashed out of the diner once more, bag still barely thrown over her shoulder.
They only got about halfway through the short chapter, thanks to a somewhat lengthy discussion about why keeping a fox at the bunker would perhaps not be a good idea, when the door to the room opens and Dean pokes his head in.
Once he stands upright to watch his dog lap happily at the offering, Cas comes up from behind and wraps his arms around Dean’s waist. He can feel a smile where Cas’s face presses against his skin at the back of his neck. “What?” he asks, leaning into the embrace.
They made plans to meet Sam’s contact at a small beach bar within walking distance from the hotel and Dean for one is almost buzzing with excitement when they finally step onto the hot sand. He’s barefoot, carrying his boots by their laces and grinning from ear to ear. The bar is only a hundred yards or so further along the beach, its neon sign proudly labeling it the Hula Hut. It’s nothing more than a glorified shack with maybe five stools at the counter and a couple of plastic tables surrounding it but it’s charming nonetheless. It’s not a terribly busy area either so the few seats are likely all that’s needed. A few tables are occupied and Sam steers right up to the one closest to them where a woman he estimates to be a few years Sam’s junior waves at them. She is gorgeous, Dean notices appreciatively. Her skin is a deep caramel color, smooth and sun-kissed, but mostly hidden by a modest maxi dress that flows down to her ankles. She has her dark hair in a long braid that hangs way past her shoulders and when they sit down to join her she takes off her sunglasses to reveal a pair of chocolate colored eyes Dean could easily get lost in if given the opportunity.
to see. In fact, Sam clearly struggled whenever Eileen wasn’t around even if it was just for a damn grocery run. He’d set up their whole pseudo business in an effort to distract himself and Dean had welcomed that very same distraction with open arms. It was an unspoken agreement between the two of them not to bring that up.
Sam pulled a face but otherwise dismissed the comment, cutting straight to business. “Is it the dreams again?”
Maybe his actions have ruined any chance of ever hooking up with the guy, but that doesn't mean they can't form some sort of dysfunctional friendship, right?
Making sure his brother is well out of earshot by now, Dean leans forward in his seat. “Listen up, Cas.”
"I will check," Castiel says sternly in a voice that leaves no room for argument. Dean finds the change of attitude strange but doesn't comment on it because his stomach growls and so does Castiel's. It really is time for food. With a nod, the mechanic shakes off the hand on his shoulder and grabs the duffle bag from where it still lies on the floor,
Castiel gets that dangerous glint in his eyes again and Dean instinctively shrinks back from it. "You do realize this is a
"You know what!" Bobby jumps up in a display of agility Dean's never seen from the man. "How 'bout you take the day off? Hell, take the entire week! You've earned it!"
"I'm sorry, Dr. Phil, I thought I was talking to my brother," Dean jokes even though he knows Sam kind of has a point. And he doesn't even know half of it.
, but Dean couldn't stop himself at that moment. He had to walk the few strides toward Cas to put his hands on the angel's shoulders, forcing him to look into his eyes.
"Oh I dunno, maybe the dreamy ex-angel whose new lavender patch you've been talking about non-stop since you got here?"
Big thanks to a special friend who has been patiently enduring my 3 a.m. texts with ideas and indulging in the head canon with me in all its cheesy glory.
Sam looked visibly dissatisfied with that answer but fell a couple of steps behind. Dean didn’t look back. If anything he picked up his pace, not stopping until he was at the garage.
Sam’s words came just before Dean was about ready to bounce. The younger hunter was sitting at one of the long wooden tables below the bunker’s entrance with his bad leg propped up on a second chair. His eyes were rapidly flying over the screen of the laptop set on the table. Dean mouthed a silent ‘thank god’ into his coffee mug before he could help it. Hopefully God had nothing to do with what Sam had discovered.
“You raised me better than to fall for his cheap tricks.” He all but spits the words at Dean as he drops his bowl back onto the kitchen counter with enough force to make a wave of milk spill over the edge.
Dean was mostly fine, save for a headache and sore knees. The poison didn’t seem to have any lasting effect. Cas on the other hand had seen better days. His face was covered in his own blood and he was nursing his ribs from where he’d been flung against the wall.
It's Sam's concerned voice on the other end that makes him startle into a state of slightly more awareness. "You sound sick," his brother declares. "Are you okay?"
"C'mon, man. Am I not allowed to have a shallow conversation with my brother during my well-deserved lunch break? 'Sides. You're the one who kept sending me those weird pictures of animals wearing hats, how's that for random?"
The shiver running through his body had nothing to do with the temperature outside as they crossed into Montana.
“I would not do anything to endanger Jack. He will not be physically harmed, the sigils will simply appear on his bones and render his grace temporarily dormant.”
Cas regards him with a tired smile that doesn’t reach his eyes. “Occasionally,” he allows. “At the prospect of losing one another.”
"No, really! It's huge and- and kinda mouldy, I don't know. Old as fuck, probably. Maybe we can look through it, see what curse whoever's panties I twisted laid on me and
It's stupid, sure, but it also kind of makes sense. He's cursed. Problem is, he has no idea when he had the time to royally piss off a witch in the past week between work and, well, watching Castiel. Especially since the latter was sort of a full-time occupation. Which isn't pathetic
"You alright, brother?" a new voice asked, tinged with a prominent southern drawl and Castiel looked up into a slightly bemused bearded face.
If Sam is completely honest, he finds himself slightly jealous. Of course their topmost priority is Jack’s well-being but the workload isn’t evenly distributed between them at all. Most of the, well, let’s call it
? Dean is tempted to holler, but he keeps quiet and grits his teeth. This ought to be some kind of prank. It's a small town, people get bored. The question that remains is how on earth they got Bobby to play along so enthusiastically.
Judging by the unimpressed look on Castiel's face, a cheekily muttered "Kinky" on Dean's part is not the right reaction and the mechanic quickly schools his features again before the little dude starts throwing punches. That would be a difficult thing to do, though, seeing as both his hands are occupied with holding literature. Castiel wobbles again, trying to keep his balance.
The Universe apparently has a problem with seeing Dean happy. Because it's not that simple. Books that old, it turns out, do not
, while Charlie is more than willing to defend the original to the death – which admittedly means much less up here than anywhere else. Dean once made the mistake of claiming he kinda liked the Tenth Doctor, prompting Charlie to joke how she wasn’t surprised considering his
It's a lame thing to say, probably the lamest he's ever used, but it does the trick. Castiel's almost-smile makes a brief appearance. "What made
to have that evil lifted off you. Don't you think that, had it been an option, I would have willingly given my grace up to cure you if the book had just told me
It turns out, Jack really doesn’t want to let go of Cas because several hours later when they are all settled around one of the big tables in the library he’s still sitting in the angel’s lap. Any attempts to extract him have backfired spectacularly, resulting only in more near-explosions. For now Jack seems to be content, mostly due to the fact that Cas is shoving spoon after spoon of sugary cereal in his mouth. Sam tried to protest, thinking something healthier would be more appropriate, but ultimately he had to agree with the others that they did not have the time to prepare a balanced meal. Instead, he has been occupied with surfing the internet for a general idea of items they’ll need to buy if Jack is going to stay de-aged for the foreseeable future. Topping the list are of course clothes, and lots of them. Most of the milk in the bowl has landed on Jack’s onesie instead of in his mouth and while Cas has tried to clean him with some of his grace, the nephilim doesn’t like being mojo’d. Like Gabriel had warned them, everything has to go according to Jack’s wishes,
Anywho, Happy Valentine's Day, and may today's Twitter Destiel Wedding soothe your souls like it does mine.
To add insult to injury Cas doesn’t even grace him with a sideways glance when he finally does retreat to his room, making it even more clear that he’s put himself out there and Dean is just too chickenshit to do the same.
Cas’s hand doesn’t leave him, instead kneads into his bicep before Cas uses the leverage to drag Dean closer until they finally,
“So what’s your plan? Where are you headed?” The question was no longer meant for interrogation purposes. None of this would ever get back to the girl’s parents if he could help it.
"I can be a nice guy, I swear. Could we, like, start over?" It's a cliché, sure, but at this point Dean's life can't get any shittier anyway. Might as well take another risk.
By the time he pulls up in front of Cas’s building, he has fully convinced himself that Cas can do so much better, and Dean will be the last person to stand in his way.
"Already am," he said and he couldn't be certain but he thought he was smiling. There was a bit of shuffling around and a couple of verbal exchanges Castiel wasn't able to understand properly but soon he was placed on a moderately soft surface and someone pulled at his closed eyelids only to shine a disgustingly bright light into his eyes. Castiel flinched away and tried to move until a soothing hand weaved itself into his hair, calming him instantly.
Cas goes very still for a moment before he slowly looks up at Dean, his eyes furious. “I can’t dictate what you say or do outside of this bunker,” he murmurs in an icy voice that seems to freeze the air around them. “But don’t you
Rationally, Dean knows that nothing in Heaven needs actual manual work. Food appears with a thought, dishes get done and put away just as easily, it surely extends to fixing appliances as well. Thing is, when Dean does start fixing up the place he doesn’t stop at the faucet because that's like a two minute job and he tells himself he needs an excuse to keep coming back. He starts with the hardwood floor in the entire house, sanding it meticulously for the better part of a week before refinishing it. It brings out the rich warmth of the dark wood and makes the place immediately more welcoming, which in case of the living room is a stark contrast to the furniture. The love seat is comfort-adjacent at best, though when he mentions as much to Cas all he gets is an eye-roll. Dean still insists it has to go and in its place he convinces Cas to get a more spacious model with large pillows to sink right into. They of course test it right away when it arrives (read:
It quickly becomes clear what this performance is going to be about when the guy reaches into the pocket of his coat to produce a lighter, which he promptly uses to light a large torch standing at the center that must have been placed there while the lights were out. Pocketing the lighter again, he approaches a nearby basket of smaller torches and takes one in hand, spinning it swiftly between deft fingers as he makes his way back to the burning flame.
Castiel finds himself recoiling when he is reminded of the contents of the bottle in Sam’s hand and his retreat suddenly puts him right in the path of Dean’s restless pacing. They don’t bump into each other but they do end up standing close enough that as little as a deep breath from either of them could make their shoulders brush. Castiel is almost tempted to test the theory but ultimately remains content with their current proximity.
“I know you said you heard me. When I prayed. But, uh. There’s something I didn’t get to say.” Dean’s hands were holding onto the steering wheel in a hard enough death grip to turn his knuckles white. “Cas, I-”
"It's a challenge," Sam explains as if the situation is clear. "You did your flirty-thing out of habit, the guy ignored you, and now instead of moving on like anyone else would do you're suddenly desperate to get his attention."
“Asleep in the car.” Dean chuckles, pressing his face into the pillow to stifle the sound. “Such a dork.”
In a pleasant turn of events the Hula Hut is quickly becoming his favorite tacky beach joint of all time, though it admittedly doesn’t have much competition. The girl working there sets out a plate with donuts together with the lunch menu, unintentionally offering a great excuse to get some space from the former angel glistening with a fresh layer of sunscreen. He eagerly shoves a donut in his mouth and fills two paper cups with hipster water that has all sorts of fruit floating in it before heading over to where Sam and Cas are now casually chatting as they observe the crowd of people gathering on the beach. When he joins them, Cas gratefully accepts the beverage he is offered while Sam sends him an incredulous look as it becomes clear Dean is keeping the second cup for himself.
“Need I remind you that I did not sign up to be your maid,” the man grumbles in a voice much deeper than the one he was using while talking on the phone as he somewhat roughly places the tray on the side table at Rowena’s feet. “It’s already degrading enough that I spend my days arguing about spice shipments on your behalf.”
In the meantime Dean’s plan was to pay a visit to the laundromat they’d spotted the previous day. After almost a month on the road he was running out of clothes to acceptably wear in public. The old Flipping Your Underwear Inside Out trick could only get him so far. He’d just pulled up in a parking spot down the street that was big enough to safely house Baby and was counting the change he’d fished out of the glove compartment when Sam’s phone cut through the thus far comfortable silence with harsh vibrations. Caller ID showed just a number but Dean swiped his thumb across the green phone icon nonetheless.
- it's not exactly subtle. They talk a lot about their childhood and how they grew up in the area of the nature reserve, bird-watching with their dad who tragically died of cancer not long before the plans for the sanctuary were dropped. Apparently there's a whole bunch of endangered species fluttering about there, but protecting them became a lot less important once a big corporation started throwing money around. The blog is filled with enraged rambling, cursing the company, the CEO, the architects involved, basically everyone out of the pool of recent victims.
"We've talked about this. I don't care what you do out here or in your own room but have some respect for the people you're sharing a space with."
“There were four thousand four hundred and sixteen when you first arrived,” Cas explains, touching a hand to Dean’s cheek that Dean covers with his own. “I did not immediately understand the significance of it until I noticed their numbers grow but once we got an approximate idea of how much time had passed on Earth it made sense.”
“Got it,” Dean said, not in the mood to quote the rule of all rules about who gets to pick the music. The song was still on his mind though and he was humming the melody quietly while the road stretched on endlessly in front of them. Cas wouldn’t have that either.
For a long moment they shared a look of understanding before the vibration of a phone broke the silence. Dean snatched the device in question from Katie’s hand once she’d dug it out of her pocket. The notification was a reminder of an upcoming bus departure. “Guess you better get going.”
«What do you want from me, Cas?» he bellowed as he waltzed right into the room. Cas was sitting on the edge of the bed, his coat and tie in a sad pile on the mattress next to him. He had been unbuttoning his cuffs but had stopped mid-motion to look at Dean with that same furious look as hours before.
with Cas, whatever it is. There’s definitely been more hand-holding going on lately and maybe even the occasional cuddling session on the couch after Dean found out that red wine makes Cas adorably rosy-cheeked and drowsy and
“Yeah, right.” A humorless laugh escaped him. “It’s been happening for months, Cas. I’ve been falling for – for
He squeezed his eyes shut for a second in an attempt to calm his racing heartbeat before feeling sure enough that he wouldn’t pass right out if he got up. What he wasn’t prepared for was the pain in his wrists once he did pull himself upright. A quick examination revealed that they looked worse than his neck had. Bruises were already forming all the way around them and some patches were bleeding. He’d unfortunately been shackled often enough to be familiar with those injuries. “Fuck. What happened this time?”
Time stands still as he leans in close, enough so to feel Dean’s ragged exhales against his face. Dean’s eyes are instantly drawn to his mouth, though he’s clearly still fighting his own body for control. It takes every bit of restraint Castiel has not to give in and crush their lips together in a desperate collision. Instead he is hovering right there, barely a breath away, but this is as far as he’s willing to go. If Dean wants this too, he’ll have to take it.
"I understand." Castiel doesn't look like he does when he says that. "Would you be willing to keep an open mind if I told you a couple of things regarding the topic?"
To be reading out of his own free will is odd, to say the least, and Dean is more than a little shocked at how hard he finds it to concentrate on the task at first. He's a grown, friggin' man who's not necessarily stupid and he's having reading difficulties? Please. That's just pathetic. He turns page after page, soaking up the words with determination and- and it really doesn't suck. The story's weird, yeah, but so is anime and he digs that shit.
"Open up, please," he says, his voice oddly dimmed by the glass between them. Dean just nods and walks over to the door to unlock it. As soon as he turns the lock a second time, Castiel pushes inside with his arms full of brown grocery bags and a duffle bag that Dean recognizes as his own. Immediately he slams the door shut again.
This is how they find themselves in three matching chairs, legs stretched out in front of them. The sand is hot enough to almost burn his skin but he is not complaining. A fresh ocean breeze and the rhythmic push and pull of the waves as they hit the shore beat research in their windowless bunker any time. And yeah maybe he’s not as engrossed in what he’s supposed to be doing, namely looking up more information on some lore that could be connected to the island on his phone or finding a local to talk to and interrogate a bit. Instead he finds himself people watching, though
“I love you guys,” Dean declares merrily once Ash has concluded he will annihilate them all next time.
Or so Dean thinks, until he turns around to find the man in question watching him while casually leaning against the doorframe. In his surprise it's all he can do not to drop the steaming cup in his hand. Castiel looks more relaxed than Dean's seen him so far, wearing a pair of too-long black track pants that cover the heels of his socked feet and a grey AC/DC tee that seems well-loved and worn.
him to know that he was sorry. For not understanding him, for dismissing him, for not being a good friend. Above all for doubting him. When they broke free, his words were a scrambled mess of pleas for forgiveness that were incomprehensible between heaving breaths and agonized sobs even to himself but Cas was open and patient and
. Now here they are, probably facing their imminent demise. Dean knows the statistics. Between all the possible monsters that could have been the end of him, this has to be the worst way to go. For sure.
The angel seemed suddenly deep in thought as he stared at the phone screen, brow furrowed. “Of course,” he whispered. “It’s been so long since I last saw this, I almost missed all the evidence. And one wouldn’t expect to come across one here...”
"Well, everyone's talking, saying he's the most eligible bachelor in Kansas. I just thought you fit the description." She leers at him, licking her red lips.
"It's, uh, Castiel Novak's," Dean explains curtly, already blushing with a sense of foreboding. There's no way he told Sam about a bookstore and its asshole owner without his geeky brother looking it up online. And there definitely
“I’ll go for a walk,” he says. He throws the door shut way harder than he needs to as he leaves the room, making Dean flinch.
, Jack had told them, and while his hands-off approach was the only just way to repair the broken remains of his predecessor’s tyranny, he clearly had made an exception for the one being who had paved the way for him to step up to his position in the first place. While Cas had made good on his deal so Dean could live, he’d signed his life away long before that for the kid. Perks of that kid becoming the new God were that deals with the Empty became a moot point. So Cas was back where he belonged, no strings attached, ready to make the best of this very first chance at true free will together with the brothers that had introduced him to the concept in the first place. It should have been the best damn thing to happen to them, yet he found himself waiting in vain for the tension in his muscles to dissipate and the nervous stutter of his heart to cease and turn into the excited double-beat the situation called for. The forced smile on his face that should have come naturally was a hard and final blow to his self-worth that once and for all hammered the point home that he was completely and utterly undeserving of Cas’s devotion.
"Sam can wait for five fucking minutes." It almost comes out as a growl as he grabs a hold of Cas' wrist before it’s just out of reach and drags him back into their bubble. Cas spins halfway, almost tripping over his own feet and comes to a halt face to face with Dean. He's bracketed between Dean's knees, looking the inch or so down at him for a change and Dean can feel the way the guy's breath catches in his throat by the small pause it leaves when it would otherwise fan over his face. Cas smells like rum and sun screen and the traces of sea salt clinging to his hair and its intoxicating in a way no cocktail could ever dream of being. It's also the last nail in the coffin of Dean's self restraint. He lets go of Cas' wrist in favor of grabbing his still temptingly loose shirt on either side and yanking him in to close the gap between them. If the kiss is any surprise to Cas he overplays it like a champ, meeting Dean's lips with matched enthusiasm. One of his hands almost immediately comes up to Dean's chest, resting over his heart to steady them both. The gesture makes Dean smile into the kiss before pulling half an inch away to look at Cas' face. His eyes are closed but when he realizes Dean putting more than a hair of space between them they open to reveal an expression that's half dazed bliss and half irritation. The latter is enough of a silent demand for more that Dean dives right back in. Cas' lips are warm and still taste of the little umbrella drink he's had and Dean can't help but allow his tongue to sweep out and catch the very last remnants of sweetness that linger. He nothing short of cherishes the way Cas lets out the faintest gasps whenever they have to part for air, feeling reassured that he's in no way alone in his wish to never have this moment come to an end.
him, after years of keeping a protective filter in place like he had learned from the brothers themselves.
“He’s most concerned with making things up to you,” Cas said, holding Dean’s gaze imploringly. Fuck but those were some disarming eyes. The bastard didn’t even have the decency to give Dean a break by blinking every once in a while.
When he looks back up, everyone but Sam is gone. Still somewhat shell-shocked, Dean digs through his pocket and tosses the car keys at his brother, in no mood to risk driving his ’67 Impala into a ditch. Sam catches them with ease and turns to leave toward the parking lot without another word.
"Yeah… he's a prick." Normally he doesn't go around boasting about being an equal opportunity kind of guy but he doesn't like lying either.
“Let me ask you something,” Cas said, looking at Dean earnestly. “At the cemetery. When you confronted him. What went through your head?”
He waited another moment but Charlie didn't reply again, thank fuck, so he made his way back into the depths of the bunker to find something to do. Sam wasn't around but Dean hadn't expected him to be, he knew he'd pretty much dropped a bombshell on him with the order to burn the Book of the Damned, but it was for the better. Definitely.
"Okay," Dean murmurs thoughtfully. "But why did you act like you had no idea what was going on when I came to stay with you? I mean, you could've called Meg way sooner. Plus, I'm still sure you hid that freakin' book from me."
Only a few minutes pass until Sam finishes reading and looks up from the book, eyebrows raised. Nothing happened that would indicate magic having taken place on the surface but the energy in the room feels different. Drained, somehow. Castiel makes his way to the bed, mindful to steer clear of the patches of holy oil on the floor. Jack’s eyes fly open when he gently lays a hand on the boy’s chest, feeling for his ribs.
In the motel that morning they had gone over the basics of the case so far. Five missing people, in five different tows, all vanished into thin air after visiting Halo Family Circus. There’s not much room for coincidence in their line of work, though they don’t have much to go on beyond a general hunch. It’s not the first time they’re going into a hunt without a good idea of what they’re hunting, but it sure as hell isn’t a great starting point. All they know is that in the past couple of weeks, people have been disappearing from small towns that just so happen to coincide with the exact traveling schedule of Halo. Doesn’t necessarily have to mean anything supernatural is afoot, but it’s definitely suspicious enough to check out, especially since their most recent salt-n-burn had put them in the general area as it was. There are enough creatures out there that could be potential suspects. Dean just hopes it’s not a shapeshifter, those cases are just a bitch to work and he’d like to be done and out of here come Monday morning, thank you very much.
Instead of commenting, Castiel grabs his wrist and gently leads him to the front window so Dean can see for himself. Which he's not entirely sure is something he wants. What he sees outside is probably the beginning of the Apocalypse. All the people that mill the street, looking for Dean Winchester, chatting about Dean Winchester, are now wearing that fugly t-shirt sporting
Castiel nods thoughtfully and swallows. "I have yet to form an opinion on the matter. But you may not be entirely wrong."
Once Cas is also settled under the covers next to him Dean rolls over to send him one last stern look.
. It’s tacky in the most glorious way and if Dean had even a little less self-restraint he would probably buy half the shack’s item stock. As it is there’s only one thing he cannot resist: the almost offensively bright flower shirts hanging on a rack to his left. They come in all sorts of colors and Dean laughs in delight. It’s a no-brainer, really. He
… when I fell to Earth and felt them burn to their bone, so to say. –but Dean, my wings, they mean nothing to me at this point."
Only, Cas seemed to have the same idea and they somewhat collided halfway, Cas in a half-crouch as he had gotten up from his chair and Dean leaning sideways at an odd angle from where he was still sitting on the table. The angel must have realized the same thing because he broke away, tipping the chair behind him backwards in the process, and pushed the closed laptop aside in favour of grabbing Dean's thighs and freaking
Dean closed the door behind himself as he left the room out of habit, though he realized the action could be misinterpreted as giving them some privacy. Though maybe that wouldn’t hurt them either. Eileen really had helped Sam with processing Rowena’s legacy and supported him as a friend. And sometimes it was just really nice to have a friend around instead of just your brother. He was quick to realize the irony in that particular thought after the way he treated Cas.
Dean allowed himself to sink to the ground, resting his back against the damp tunnel wall. His eyes were already shut before he was fully seated.
still on the ground where he dropped it. Dean picks it up carefully, an odd feeling of shame flickering in the depths of his stomach as he examines the dog-ears he is responsible for. Not only because he knows what Castiel would think of them- though, that's a pretty big part of the reason- but also because he really kind of likes the book and he hasn't treated it with as much care as he should have.
"I won't say No," Castiel murmurs, lips brushing against Dean's skin as he speaks, raising gooseflesh all over the mechanic's body. He tightens his own grip for the fraction of a second before stepping back and away from Dean who lets him go without protest. The vulnerability in Castiel's eyes scares him the moment he sees it. "You on the other hand may wish to change your decision."
A look over his shoulder revealed that Cas was right. The shifter was retreating back into the labyrinth of tunnels, presumably to lick its wounds and shed Cas’s skin. For a split second Dean considered going after it but then Cas started coughing violently and Dean knew he wasn’t going anywhere. Exhausted, he dropped down beside Cas, slinging his arm around the angel in a gesture of mutual support.
"Yes you are,” Dean laughs, turning around again and twisting the key in the ignition in one smooth motion. “But for now you can also be a seraph, like Cas. You're just extra special."
The next instant he finds himself caught in a flurry of tan fabric and flying rain drops as he is being pushed up against the wall at his back. “You prayed to me,” Cas whispers in complete awe. His breath ghosts across Dean’s face in a brief moment of hesitation that disappears the second their lips meet. It’s a forceful kiss that knocks every last breath out of Dean’s lungs and even though he knows if he wants to keep his sanity he should put a stop to this he’s too weak to resist. It’s just been so fucking long since last time.
isn't the word I'd use," Dean growls, "although what I'm thinking of definitely rhymes with it." He takes a couple of deep breaths to calm himself before getting up, careful not to lose the open page. "Please tell me there's something in here that tells us how to get a hold of 'er."
The threat proves effective as Sam visibly shudders before offering a weak, “Truce?” to which Dean nods his head, satisfied at having won this argument for the time being. He turns his attention back to the crowd. The tent’s entrance is now closed off as the lights begin to dim, leaving the last families to stumble in sudden semi-darkness to find available seats as the music slowly fades out.
"Right, sorry," he laughs uncomfortably. "It's nothing. I don't know why I brought it up, I was just bored." There's no answer and he knows Sam doesn't buy the excuse and is just waiting for the real story. "I noticed it for the first time yesterday and went to have a quick look. Thought you might've noticed a place like this."
Before Dean can answer, Sam makes his way toward them, chewing on a bite-sized quiche that Dean cannot wait to tease him about for the next thirty years. “Did Rowena just steal my caterer?”
“Can we help you?” The blonde asks with clear annoyance once she realizes he’s not going away. Dean notices the switchblade she’s casually twirling between her petite fingers. Just his luck that he caught the one gathering that seems to have no interest in playing host once the show is over and done with. He flashes a superficial smile nonetheless.
Dean waved his hand dismissively, ignoring the pain it caused his wrist. “We said we were gonna do this. I’m fine.”
Cas had maybe been back a total of five minutes and Dean was already proving that the angel had been wrong when he’d laid himself bare. It put enough of a damper on his mood that he couldn’t even fully commit to an embrace when Cas did step up to him, instead keeping him at arm’s length by clasping his shoulder a bit too firmly. His action wasn’t being questioned, was received with an appreciative smile nonetheless that was surely meant to be comforting but instead added to the ever-growing choir of the voices in his head that told him he wasn’t worthy of any of this after all. When he told Cas he was glad to have him back it was almost a lie. His heart threatened to tear apart at the very seams Cas had fought so hard to put in place, because
As Dean listened closely he could make out a faint metallic sound coming from straight ahead. Like someone was repeatedly hitting the rock wall with something heavy. He nodded at Cas, signaling that he had heard. His grip around his gun tightened as they walked on.
Before the blizzard had caught up with them, the snow had reached Dean’s ankles. Now he was sinking in knee-deep in some places, making traversing the terrain difficult. It hadn’t stopped snowing completely but what little remained would hardly slow them down further. Cas did seem much calmer since they had started walking and he was leading the way once more with determination, burning Enochian sigils into every other tree to mark their path. However, now that Dean was aware of it, he could clearly see the sadness weighing down the angel’s movements.
When Castiel retreats half an inch in a necessary step to keep his own sanity he sees relief flickering in Dean’s eyes. His first instinct is to take it personally because maybe he misread the situation and they are nowhere near a place where what he’s doing is appropriate or even wanted. Then the more rational part of his barely functioning brain reminds him of the moment at the care facility and the more recent one in the library and he realizes Dean’s reaction has nothing to do with lack of wanting him. It’s fear, plain and simple. A kiss might be too tender a gesture to break through it, much like his soft spoken words at the library had chased him away instead of drawn him in.
Dean was aware that it was probably his turn to say something but he couldn’t without risk. Even wrapped in a blanket of calmness, he still felt the itch on his tongue. And frankly, there was a big chance it wasn’t going away this time.
As if on cue, the hunter in question rounds the corner to join them on the front lines of the battlefield. “
Before they could say more, the sheriff returned with a thin folder, handing it to Dean. “This has all the profiles of those who disappeared this past month, as well as a map of where bodies were found. I’m still waiting on the coroner’s report on today’s body. To be honest, I was still kind of hoping they’re accidents- but now with the feds involved I guess I gotta face some facts.”
Dean laughs, empathizing with the frustration on the angel’s face. “Probably is. You sure there’s no secret Heavenly house parties going on?”
Dean is still smug as hell- and a little surprised, if he's perfectly honest- that he actually got a response when he continues to browse through the store. As he's told the guy, Castiel, he's got no knowledge about books. Not beyond what he copied from that one kid in English class all the way back in high school. Pre-dropout, that is. So at first he thinks it's just his own ignorance that makes the place seem so out of this world. But the longer he wanders through the aisles and the further back he gets, the more distinct becomes the feeling of something profound being harboured here, and Dean's not talking knowledge.
Alicia sends him a beaming smile. “My grandmother used to sing this song to me. Pele’s lullaby. She always said the music was powerful, I just thought she meant because, well, music is art. I feel like I understand much better now.”
As far as the room was concerned, he’d seen worse. It was small and sparsely furnished, but clean. There were two twin size beds pushed on opposite walls with a shared side table between them. Cas was sitting on the one at the far end of the room, still in his coat.
“What, you thought because we made our so-called ‘profound bond’ official after almost a decade I’d suddenly take
Cas focuses on straightening his wet clothes to avoid Dean’s eyes. “I- I got carried away. My apologies.”
"Not helping, Balth," Gabriel hissed before shoving the second half of the bag of sweets into his mouth. He rather reminded Castiel of a hamster. A hamster that would very soon die of diabetes. "Please, Cas! It's Anna's favorite band, she'll kill you if you don't go."
… " Her hand wanders from the bar up Dean's chest before fisting in the material of his tee so she can pull herself closer to whisper in his ear. "I'll make you forget him. He doesn't know what he's missing."
They settled into the vague familiarity of their reunion as Cas relayed the anticlimactic tale of his rescue to them. One moment he’d been submerged in the stillness of the Empty, exposed to the raw torture of absolute nothingness, the next moment he’d been swept up in a flurry of air that had pulled him from his prison and dropped him off at the bunker’s doorstep. The hopeful smile as he shared this left little doubt as to who was responsible for returning him.
Dean pats his pocket for his keys and phone, knowing that he can't possibly make it to the car and even if he did, he couldn't drive off through a crowd like this without hurting anybody. That leaves him with two options: Flee on foot or call 911. Neither sounds very promising especially seeing as the local sheriff is part of the gathering outside his house.
’. The Winchesters are similarly devoid of layers, most notably lacking any sort of flannel on top of their t-shirts. Rather than lingering on the way the unusual state of undress leaves Dean’s arms exposed, revealing a cluster of freckles that he now can’t ignore is there, he retakes Jack’s hand and follows after Sam and Miss Kingston.
is the perfect hangover cure despite the fact that hangovers are completely optional anyway. Dean follows him through the house, eyes falling on the pile of blankets on the couch that’s still there from when he spent the night, and the one before, and the one before that and… actually Dean has pretty much been staying here permanently.
They just stopped at another gas station to get some food and drinks for the rest of the drive to minimize how often they had to stop. Dean was functioning on just about five hours of sleep and he was confident he could get them to Columbia Falls by the evening if he just provided his body with enough saturated fats and sugar.
Dean shrugs, deliberately taking a less than ideal stance so as not to give away that he actually knows what he’s doing here. He throws the knife. It connects with the wall handle first and falls into the grass. Charlie gives him a pitying “
“Yeah, well…” Dean looks away, feeling awkward. He doesn’t like thinking of himself as a caretaker to anybody except Sammy, and Eileen now too.
Castiel listened as best he could with his vessel’s blood pounding, annoyance building in his chest. Despite Castiel’s perfect imitations, Dean continued to insist that Castiel was failing the most basic fellating gestures upon himself. Castiel followed Dean’s instructions to the letter, but he was neither pleased with the results nor in agreement with what Dean was saying.
Castiel tilts his head, scrutinizing. “Was that feeling too intrusive? Did you trust that it came from you?”
But then Castiel’s hand brushes up along the plane of Dean’s back, fingertips scrubbing over ribs and muscles and bone before settling gently at the top of Dean’s spine. Dean involuntarily shivers at the feel of him, the fingers brushing over his scalp. Through his hair. It’s been so long since he’s been touched by Castiel in the way he always wants it. In any way that matters.
“Sure,” Dean says cautiously. “I can give you his extension, though,” he adds, reciting off the four digits in rapid succession, seeing how he’s already had to repeatedly advise the other teams to reach out to Castiel at his desk.
Grinning, Dean pushed himself into motion, gathering himself into his bathrobe as he crossed for the living room. “There’s a couple options,” he said, loud enough for Cas to hear, over the building boil of the kettle. “Just depends on what you’re in the mood for.”
damn time he needs to lick his wounds and heal outside of work hours, and his boss is giving him more work instead. Dean doesn’t even know half of what Zach’s work day looks like, except it hardly includes legacy.
Dean gripped tight his dish, his stomach twisting. “You told them about my history though, right? That I don’t—that I don’t want...”
Jealousy throbbed through Castiel, so strong it nearly wrenched them off the road. He regained control long enough to pull them over, slamming the brakes at the first available approach. Fumbling at his seat belt, Castiel clawed himself free and slid across the narrow gap between them, his hand fitting roughly over Dean’s.
Garth signs up for the event, as does Cas, surprisingly. They join the row of competitors, which Dean estimates to be 99% monsters, based on the color of the name tags. Joyce’s microphone shrieks as she attempts to go over the ground rules, stressing emphatically that
, Cas. I’m running out of ways to say ‘He’s strong, he smells good’—“ Dean winces as something shatters on Cas’s end. “Never mind. Doesn’t matter. Give me the scoop on what you and Sam have dug up about this place.”
The entourage of djinn flutters around the archive room chosen for the ritual, painting symbols in ink and gold across the walls and floor. Sam brings in ingredients as they request them. He spares Dean a mournful look as their paths cross ways at the door.
Muffled noises scratch the line, accompanied by a breathless gust that crackles the connection. “Dean! Did we move our current cycle to pre-production today?”
Someone approaches along the motel sidewalk behind him, gravel crunching as they slow. A hand falls upon his shoulders and starts slowly rubbing, soothing the muscles in his back.
The queen shrugs. “He is the earth on which we walk, for now. After all, a dream needs fertile soil to build upon.”
“I just need your updated signature saying the changes were made by you,” Cas said, “and that all your other account information is still accurate.”
Garth and Bess are here with their family; Jody and Donna; Kevin and his mother, Linda cradling her son, back from the dead. Ellen and Jo bring a bevy of beers to the library and sit across from both versions of Bobby, who are already trading histories, and Dean’s sure he spied Pamela somewhere around, at least until Ash dragged her off with him, looking for her psychic insights into the motherboard running the bunker.
Dean peers out his office window, trying to gauge whether he can spy on Castiel across the floor at his desk. Just so that Dean can know what kind of look is on his face as he sends such a loaded question out into the world.
Frowning, Castiel glances down at the top booklet. When he doesn’t find what he’s looking for, he begins flipping quickly through the remainder. “I don’t see one.”
Nat looks off to the horizon. She taps her cane against the concrete. “Luanne’s got more plumbing problems happening. Out at the farm. Was wondering if you cared to stop in again and see about it.” He’d been out there the year before, dealing with a prowler that had turned out to be more than a prowler. Dust had likely collected on the memory, but he was the type to keep her in mind.
Now that he is both awake and aware of the tubing wedged violently inside his mouth, panic seems the appropriate response. He reaches for his face with both hands; only one has the ability to touch the plastic. The other seems bound up in further tape and tubes. His chest heaves with shoveled breaths.
Castiel hates the sorrow in Jack’s voice almost as much as he hates what is happening to Dean, down on earth—Dean’s fear and his sorrow so palpably bright, Castiel feels it like a sunburn singeing his skin.
Castiel nods. “He’s in my phone. But… I don’t know who he was. To us.” Not really, anyway. Not in any way that matters.
Dean settles in on the bed opposite, digging through the shadows by the floor before pushing his legs into a pair of dark sweatpants. The undershirt he threw on has its collar already soaked through with shower water. Castiel wants to run his fingers through the dark spikes of Dean’s hair.
But this is Cas. He texts horrible puns and adds stupid emojis to his messages. He drinks tea from a cowbee mug and makes soup when Dean gets sick. He offers quiet reassurances to the team and goes the extra mile, trying to ensure that everybody is looked after and not dealing with too much stress.
Dean might have been imagining it, but beneath the spring showers pouring outside, he still picked up the scent of Castiel’s summer rains.
Dean waves away Rowena and Sam’s protests, flagging a hand back behind him as he departs the library, all the while ignoring Cas’s footsteps forcibly following him down the hall.
“Yeah. It—” Dean’s throat bobs. “It sucks. But I shouldn’t’ve freaked out and jumped to conclusions. The SA before you sucked, and I kinda forgot what it was like to have someone else handle that job instead of me.” A dry sound escapes him, some weak approximation of a chuckle. “Maybe this is why they never consider me for promotions. I just can’t give up control.”
. But it’s enough to keep him laughing, buoyed by the giddy feeling of getting under Castiel’s skin in just the right way. It’s been too long since they’ve laughed together. Since he’s had Castiel smiling at him in a way that wasn’t tinged with regret.
Dean snaps his fingers. “They were heading south along Broadway. What’re the odds it was taking them out of the city?”
It’s a small comfort, reminding himself that it probably wouldn’t have worked out anyways. Dean has a rule against dating coworkers, after all. He needs to remain professional if he’s ever going to be promoted. A workplace entanglement just shows his head isn’t in the right place.
“Didn’t stick around to see it, but I can imagine.” Dean sobers, smile drawing thin. “Why didn’t you tell me what he was doing to you? Before you left.”
“Yeah, I know.” Dean’s been thinking about that too, lately. If Bart and Adler won’t give him the analyst position when he’s already doing it, when there’s zero prospects on the market, who’s to say they’ll ever consider him for a promotion?
Sam says something then, but it’s lost in the pulse pounding in Dean’s ears. Dean sags, the whole situation weighing on him more than he ever wanted, the outcome he never expected hitting him like a train.
First up is a djinn, making a fair toss that lands slightly askew from the one o’clock angle. Following her is an okami and a rugaru, neither of which are able to surpass her aim. But after them come a line of vampires and werewolves that seem to care less about the angle of their throws and more about how far the tree trunk flies through the air. The crowd cheers more for these kinds of tosses, drowning out Joyce’s attempts to remind them what game they’re playing.
Instead, he mutters, “Thanks,” and steps back, brushing his hands down Cas’s arms. Finishing the entire awkward dance with double finger guns. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
"Problem?" Dean raises one brow, leaning into his bluff. Maybe in hindsight it was a dick move, completing phase two on his own without approval. But what was Dean supposed to do? Just sit there twiddling his thumbs while there was work to be done?
Gently, Castiel coaxes Dean to look up at him through tear-blurred eyes. He smiles at Dean, cradling his head in his hands, and says, solemn, “The world is lucky to have you. Do not doubt that for one second. ”
A breath shudders through him, collapsing his sternum. What a day to see to its end. Near-calls with Rowena and Donatello, Sammy and then… Death’s been playing whack-a-mole with them again, going after anybody Dean ever cared about. Nothing’s changed about that really, except now… Now—
With Bobby and Ellen, Ash and Jo and Pamela all gathered, Castiel and his chorus summon the new version of heaven around them, weaving a world advised by what all its inhabitants wish for it to be.
Dean glances down to the muskoka chairs, clearly hand-carved, the same as the round table. He doesn’t know what to say to Cain’s confession.
In the afternoon, Dean finds himself buried knuckles-deep overhauling an old piece of validation code when Anael storms into his office.
“C’mon, Dean,” Anael chides, tossing her stir-stick into the trash. “You know Raph. We’re each getting ‘action items’ to fulfill, in the aftermath of Bart’s transfer. ‘Everything is an opportunity’ and what have you.”
They’re on borrowed time, all of them, just trying to memorize what they can. Dean saves key screenshots of the footage and makes handwritten notes about the abductor, trying to come up with a shorthand code that maybe won’t get erased, even if nothing they’ve tried has worked so far. He switches focus to the television when the local news starts up a special report on the abduction, and he’s on such high alert about it that he almost misses the knock on the front door.
“Can I have some eggs,” Dean says loudly. He stabs his fork toward Garth’s plate, figuring it might save him from the end of that sentence.
“And what, tell her Claire’s lessons were for nothing?” Sam gives a wry grin in return. “Let them have their fun.”
Sighing, Dean slides off the trunk. He sets aside his bottle, wraps his hand around Cas’ cool wrist, feeling out the strength in his palm before slotting their fingers together. “C’mere. We can fix two of the three right now.”
Rather than seeming happy, Libby takes a harrowing breath, her expression growing drawn. One of the kids moves to her side. He puts a hand on her shoulder and whispers something. Libby looks back to Dean, her face pinched and pale.
Despite Dean’s protests, Castiel digs through the neat boxes of supplies in his bathroom, searching until he finds a fresh package of cough drops. He deposits the drops alongside the worrying number of water bottles collected on the nightstand.
Castiel watches Dean, staring openly across the bench seat, though Dean’s mind is miles away from registering the intrusion. When Castiel touches the door handle, looking back, Dean dips his head, deferring. Castiel climbs out from the car.
“Could you try to be a little nicer?” Sam says, annoyed, but the schedule in Cas’s hand somehow becomes vastly more interesting than anything Sam could ever say.
“The Tree of Life is dead,” the queen of the djinn tells them, once the bunker alarms have been silenced and she’s been seated comfortably at a table in the library. They had to drag some ornate arm chair out of storage to make her say that much, and had to wait until a second chair — for her
Raphael is his usual demeanor—two parts over-serious, one part stuck permanently networking—but with the new guy, Dean can’t get as good a read. Maybe it’s first day nerves, or maybe the guy just naturally serves a solid bitchface, but the new hire’s expression remains stormy and inscrutable even as he encroaches on Dean’s space.
“Can’t believe you’re a gardener now.” Sam scoffed, surveying their little patch of rich green amid the blond, grassy field. “Let me see your fingers. Any green thumbs yet?”
Dean’s whole body drags through the labor of walking through the war room, down halls that once bustled with the noise of too many lives crowded into his personal space.
“I know, I know, celestial boundaries,” Dean said quickly. “But you’ve been pissy lately, last couple a days. That’s gotta affect your aura somehow.”
The girl, for what it’s worth, pauses her idle browsing of the aisle around them. She hangs serious and still at Val’s side, the half-filled basket of streamers and candles lumped against her leg, her arms drooping from her pockets.
Without a word, Michael oversees the duration of the questioning, sitting silent and imposing, his gaze never once straying from Castiel.
Garth throws his hands up in the air and proclaims, “Well, it’s gotta be one of you,” which is how Dean ends up volunteering for this stupid goddamn mission.
It shouldn’t have been surprising, all things considered. But it happens gradually. Through meetings in either office. The late night outings, and the conversations thereupon.
Sam and Claire wait for Dean and Cas to catch up, and then Sam motions for them to split around the house, approaching it from either side. Dean readies his gun, nodding. Sam and Claire prep their own weapons and silently trod the other way.
It’s a Friday after five, so Dean doesn’t have much on his mind beyond relaxing for the next couple days. He’ll stay inside, avoid the rainy weather. Do some laundry. Dishes. The new season of Dr. Sexy is starting to get good; he might marathon the back catalog again for old time’s sake.
Castiel pushes his face into his hands. He doesn’t remember what happened, but he can feel it. He can sense how his body is ready to accept whatever blame lays out there for Mary’s death, whether or not that blame is duly earned.
“Thanks,” Dean mumbles. He stabs the fork through the cake’s middle, loading up too big a portion to eat at once. Heedless, he shoves half the cake slice straight into his mouth and chews it noisily.
Castiel opened his mouth, then closed it. The truck’s right turn signal blinked on, then abruptly turned off.
Dean ducked with Sam behind the nearest tree. They met each other’s eye, made signals about which direction to run, when the goofy yellow poncho carrying the flashlight called out Dean’s name.
Sighing, Castiel attempted ten minutes more of fruitless fondling before chalking up the experiment as a failure. He shut off the shower and climbed out dripping wet, his body sluicing heavy rivulets along the floor.
Cas glances at his hand, frowns, then immediately rises and heads out the room. Dean keeps his staring casual, but when he catches a glimpse of red on Cas’ fingers his partial attention drops to none, his focus honing in on solely Cas.
Sam starts tearing into him the second the call connects. “What the hell, Dean? First you miss chat night, then I have to find out from a
Castiel laughs softly. “Don’t get excited. I can only make the same three dishes over and over again.”
Castiel draped a light blanket over Dean and the pillow mounds, tucking him into the shallow pillow fort. Dean was surrounded by the caring, gentle scent of alpha in here, enough that his eyes shut and he openly moaned, burying his nose into the sheets. “You smell good.”
Dean attempts to collect himself, as Cas flips through the pages. He swallows hard, fishing for what to say. “Cas, I—” he begins, not knowing how he’ll get there, only that he has to say it now, before he loses his chance again.
“Dean,” Castiel repeats, louder. He breathes in, fortifying, then: “You don’t have to tell me everything I’ve forgotten. I would never burden you with that expectation. But can you at least tell me why we’re fighting.” He swallows, emotion rising in his throat. “I want to know what I’ve done to lose you.”
Donnie passes Cas a fresh Texan Star before prepping Dean’s tequila shots. Cas moves a seat closer to Dean, leaning in to whisper something. Dean nods, grinning, his whole body relaxing with his smile. As Cas retreats from the barstool, he grips Dean’s shoulder, leans in, and presses his mouth against Dean’s temple. Dean bucks up at that and tugs Cas back before he goes, earning a small grin from Cas and a brief peck to the lips that lingers in Dean’s grin.
It's a beautiful wedding. Jack recites an altered version of the classic ceremony, written by Sam (it was revealed that he could not make it through without crying so much that it just got a bit sad), some things changed and some left. It's not like death has actually done them part so far, not for lack of trying mind you, but it just didn't fit them. There was a lot about them that didn't fit the mold. Neither cared at all.
Tears slid down Dean’s cheeks as his hand not currently occupied with gripping onto Cas lifted, shaking, to brush across the angel’s cheekbone. He was really here. He was warm and solid and breathing. He was the most beautiful thing Dean had ever seen.
The shattering dinnerware caused the creature to turn in surprise, it's elbow nearly bumping the frying pan to the ground, but it caught it at the last moment. It then turned back, blue eyes locking with green. Dean was frozen, not for long but for longer than a seasoned hunter should have been. In two long strides he had a knife from the butcher block in his grip and was pressing the blade to the fucker’s neck with his other arm solidly around it’s chest. His voice was wobbling when he spoke.
Dean pulls him back in, suffocating himself in the scent of Cas. He stays that way for a time, only pulling away when he hears a small giggle from behind him. Jack is beaming, as is Sam, and Dean rushes to envelop Jack in a hug as well.
“Can we maybe talk about it after the hunt?” Dean asked, eyes not really focused on the road but pointedly avoiding the mirror.
When he had proposed he truly had meant what he said, neither he or his love legally existed, and he had not planned on anything more than the bands currently resting on each of their hands. But, love does funny things to a person, and ex-angles were no different. He wanted to declare to the world, or more accurately their small found family, that he loved Dean Winchester with every single bone in his body while standing under an arch made of flowers and crying manly tears of adoration. The only issue there was that you needed both grooms to have a wedding and Cas really didn't see Dean as the flower-arch type.
Dean pulled Cas down the stairs of the bunker and into the hall while their guests made their way inside behind them. Tears were streaming down his face as he pressed his new husband against the wall, lips finding lips. He was happier than he had ever been, happier than he knew he could ever be. Sobs wracked his body as he moved to press his face into Cas’s shoulder. Castiel’s arms wrapped around his back and he could feel tears landing on his neck, at least they could be overwhelmed together.
Pin after pin, board after board, so many ideas for weddings. Food, games, clothes, gifts, and even playlists were at his fingertips, all he had to do was tap. He loved it.
“Those usually accompany weddings, so.” Dean shrugs but the small grin gracing his face gives him away. He's excited.
But Dean started getting worried. Cas spends a lot of time smiling softly at his screen and surely that can't be good for him, right? His brain technically is not developing, Dean reasons, but the internet is a scary place and all sorts of things could be messing his angel up for good. The last thing they needed after so long battling just to live their own lives was for Cas to get pulled into an MLM or something. So, Dean intervened.
The months pass by in a flurry of flour dusted and glitter adorned days. They mail the invitations, save for Rowena’s whose is hand delivered by the happy couple to her throne, and Jack’s, because he comes down to help every so often and Heaven doesn't exactly have P.O boxes. Dean discovers a true love for baking, though pie will never lose its place in his heart, he is marrying a man who prefers cake (as much as it pains him to think about) so he practices both. Castiel spends his time split between the War Room and the garden. Days after his return he mapped out his plans for a garden while pressed against Dean in their bed. They were not quite sure how good the soil surrounding the bunker was, power plant runoff mixed with the amount of magic warding stored in the structure did not lend to a high hope that anything planted would not immediately die or become sentient and take over their home, so they opted for raised beds. Dean had them built almost as soon as the ground unfroze. Cas spent much of his time taking care of the garden, reading about gardens, and talking about the care and reading concerning gardens. Dean loved him just a little bit more every time a new plant fact passed the other man’s lips.
Dean is in charge of food, armed with Eileen as an aide. Sam proved to be more of a hindrance in the kitchen than anything else, but he does prove himself as handy with a glue gun as he is with a revolver so he is drafted to help Cas with decorations. They both hand-write the invitations because it turns out waiting over ten years to admit that you are in love with your bestfriend turns you into a sappy, romantic, wax sealed pile of mush, and they both think that it's adorable when the other cant spell names right.
Dean has settled into the fact that he likes men. Settled into the fact that he likes to bake and listen to his fiance talk about bees and marigolds while he runs his fingers through dark hair. And he's trying, really trying, to accept the fact that their wedding can have pretty things and still be masculine. He was slowly letting go of some of the hyper-macho things that he thought he should be as the years have passed. He lets himself be soft. But when he first saw the things Cas had picked out for their wedding he panicked just a little. There were a lot of flowers, many pictures of little twinkling lights, and confetti. He was not a confetti kind of guy, no matter who the love of his life was.
“I was considering dried lavender instead. It will smell lovely and our friends can throw it over us after the ceremony as is customary. What do you think?”
They sit down, Cas and Dean on one side, Sam and Jack on the other. They eat cake. Dean eats pie. They tell Cas about the things Dean left out of his prayers, like Dean’s application to a local mechanic, and how Eilleen has been staying over more and more. They all hug Jack goodbye and he promises to drop in sometimes. Sam leaves to call Eilleen, and finally, Dean and Castiel are sitting side by side in the empty kitchen. Cas speaks first.
The small crowd erupted in giggles that morphed into whoops when the newlyweds did not heed the reminder in the slightest.
“Cas, why are you looking at wedding cakes?” His voice was low, not angry at least, but genuinely confused.
“There's still a little part of my brain that screams at me everytime I cry at a dead dog movie or hold your hand in the grocery store.” The voice sounded an awful lot like John Winchester.
They decide on June. Cas wants to have the ceremony in the sunshine, and the bunker is not exactly brimming with romantic spots to confess their undying love, so a clearing in the forest beside the building is chosen. They aren't expecting many people, low enough numbers that the War Room should be plenty big enough for the reception, but all the people they care about and trust to access their hidden home are invited.
They didn't talk much the next day and a half. Dean seemed troubled and Cas wanted to do nothing else than be back in his room at the bunker wallowing in his disappointment. Dean wasn't supposed to find out for this exact reason. Cas knew Dean loved him, that was no longer a question in his mind, but Dean was also not a big in-your-face romantic. They had their rings, Dean would hold his hand while they were pressed side to side on a diner bench, kiss his cheek and his forehead and his lips even while in public, and they spent nearly every night tangled together in bed, neither liking to spend too long without the reassurance that the other was indeed breathing next to them. Weddings just were not his thing, and Cas needed to respect that.
So Dean got up, he pulled on his dead guy robe and grabbed the plate from last night’s pizza rolls, and he scratched Miracle behind the ears. Today was going to be a good day, whether the universe wanted it to be or not. He hummed as he walked to the kitchen. He was doing better. Coffee was scenting the air as he neared the doorway and, oh, bacon? Happy birthday to him! As he grinned and rounded the doorway three things immediately became clear. 1. That was not his brother (way too short), 2. The “unbreakable” glass plates he got at the store were not in fact unbreakable if the cuts pricking his legs were to be believed, and 3. He was going to get to start his birthday by killing whatever son of a bitch had decided to put on that trenchcoat and waltz into his home.
“You didn't have to Cas. You coming back is pretty much the birthday gift of a lifetime.” Cas chuckles at that but slips his hand into the breast pocket of his coat all the same.
“Shut up. Stop saying my name.” Was all Dean could manage. He had been thinking about hearing Cas say his name, just once more, for weeks now. This was agony.
“Sam, get the silver and the holy water from the cupboard,” Sam didn't move. “Now!” Dean gritted out, just as the monster cut in.
“What? Oh, uh, nothing? Ghost research.” He tore his eyes away and decided to memorize every blade of grass in the field racing past the Impala’s window. That turned out to be the wrong answer. Eileen grabbed the device and had it open before he could even sign an anxious “No” at her. He should have Claire put a password on it for him.
`, what flavor cake are we having angel? Just please don't say vanilla, we are way more exciting than that.” His lips ghost over the back of Castiel’s neck before he moves to the side to get coffee. Cas stares with wide eyes.
So, like the emotionally open person he was trying very hard to be, he talked to Cas about it. They talked at length about Dean’s past one night in the warm glow of the bedside lamp. Cas knew a lot of it, he had pieced Dean back together more than one time in more than one way, but Dean finally let himself open up about his childhood, those years before he and Sam went to find their dad, the private beliefs he held so tightly to his soul he never thought they would see the light of day. Cas did that to him. Helped him open up. They were new lovers but old friends, and something about old friends has the tendency to break you apart right to your core so you can finally rip out the dark threads wrapped around your heart and replace them with silken ribbons.
He had gone to the internet in search of recipes fairly soon after returning to his family, to Dean, from the whole Empty deal-Heaven rebuilding fiasco. Not that he didn't love Dean cooking him burgers or Sam supplying him with surprisingly filling smoothies before their morning jogs, he just wanted to branch out a bit. Find his own tastes. Near immediately Google had given him link after link to the site, and it continued to happen every time he searched for a different recipe.
On long drives during hunts he made his board, smiling softly as he listened to the usual chatter of the brothers in the front seat, plotting out details for a day that would never come. When he had trouble sleeping and Dean was already snoring beside him he would turn the brightness of his phone all the way down and look through cake ideas until his eyelids were heavy. During Star Wars marathons that had lulled both Sam, Dean, and Eileen to sleep he would watch them with a fond gaze as he scrolled through snacks and goody bags, careful to not wake Dean from his position with his head resting on Cas’s lap. It was fun, harmless, and looking at the loving faces of newly hitched couples over and over again filled him with warmth. He was happy, not because of the site, but it gave him something to channel his focus onto now that they were no longer dealing with his deadbeat dad and cosmic entities that wanted them dead. He was happy, and finally, he was allowed to be.
Sam had apparently been shaken from his trance because the next thing Dean felt was residual holy water splashing his cheek. He let go of one arm so Sam could push up the coat, his coat, and draw the thin silver blade over skin.
They spoke in the same breath, giggles and grins showing that these were not tears of sadness but of pure love. They stood there for a few moments, pulses slowing and breath evening, then pulled away.
His head hurt. Not like a hangover but more like that time a vampire had clocked him from behind with a 2x4. He opened his eyes, trying to figure out what the hell was going on. That dream had been insane. Why was he in the kitchen?
It's a simple band, nothing flashy or ornate, but Dean’s eyes catch on something engraved inside. Cas reads his mind, the same way he always does.
Nothing happened except a few pricks of blood and a sharp inhale that Dean could feel pressed against his chest. Then there was a quiet, fluttering, woosh to his left. A sound he hadn't heard in months.
The next day they walk hand in hand through the door of the lone jewelry store in Lebanon, Mary’s old ring in Dean’s pocket. Lighter silver than the one on Dean’s finger but fitting all the same. They get it engraved too.
Dean pushed up so he was sitting and tried to stand and tackle the man before him at the same time but the floor seemed to rush towards him and he ended up slumped on Cas’s chest. Warm arms caught him by the waist and sat him back down. A large hand gripped his chin and he was turned to see his brother.
“Dean.” He heard Cas say his name from somewhere behind him but ignored it. If anything it made him even more determined to get his ass on that hiking trail ASAP. He had his gun and a backpack filled with mountaineering equipment to which he had added anything out of the Impala’s trunk he could fit.
Cas thought about his answer for a long moment. "Moose are solitary creatures and live deep in the forest, Dean. I believe you would have a hard time spotting one out in the wild."
having Cas close, just a couple of rooms away at any given time, or guaranteed to come back- to come
find it hilarious that you don’t hesitate to flambé a rugaru but slap some face paint on a guy and you’re ready to bail.”
