“Did you go up to sleep?”
, could just ask a stranger out like that.  At least Agent James sort of knew him and hadn’t just asked him straight to
Steve said nothing.
“Oh, shoot!” Rogers said fussing at it even more and turning about looking for a mirror. Tony rolled his eyes.
“She sounds amazing,” Steve said, trying to picture Rhodey at MIT, dragging Tony off to meet his mom. Maybe she'd tried to talk sense into wild child Tony? Steve smiled. He liked the idea that maybe she'd been there for Tony when his parents died.
Tony held in a yawn. (
The others were already seated at the conference table when Tony arrived: Agent Romanov, Captain America, what’s-his-name the archer-- Clint Barton, that was his name-- and some new guy with salt-and-pepper hair and terrible fashion sense who hunched back in his chair so hard it looked like he was trying to disappear into it.  And of course Nick Fury, a gigantic Dom stereotype in his leather trench coat with a side of leather everything.
“That really says more about you than me, handsome,” Tony said.  “Most of the Dom’s I’ve dated got a fancy watch they could sell for a few thousand after the break-up.”
“Sure.” Tony sounded gently skeptical. Steve was about to protest when Tony gasped and said, “Oh God. I’m your first fuck. You imprinted on me—like a sad, virginal little duckling, didn’t you?”
Tony’d been ready with the sultry invitations, the “
“Are you okay?” Tony asked, half worried that he’d done something wrong. It wasn’t like Rogers to leave his back turned to someone. “What’s gotten into you?”
Steve took the stairs down to his floor as fast as he could, slammed the door and slumped back against it. He was making these horrible gasping noises, like he had asthma again. Steve slid to the floor and pulled his knees up to his chest. His cheeks were wet. He shivered.
(See the end of the chapter for
And he didn’t doubt Steve’s sincerity—because Steve
Tony smiled.
Steve served him a pancake with a smile, but Tony’s appetite was diminishing.
Steve’s mouth quirked up at the corners.
Tony turned with a smile. “Hey, let’s go finish decorating that tree.”
“You bet! Mwah!”
“Do you like that?” he asked. “Like wearing my mark on your skin?”
“I told her about the monument,” Pepper told him gently, then a little amused, added, “she liked the idea of a fountain best.” Pep shook her head. “Told you a statue was . . . too much.”
—  Tony pulled away to look at him, pupils blown, eyes heavy with lust.
“Good,” Steve said, stroking his fingers through Tony’s hair. He took each of Tony’s wrists in his massive hands, holding them tight, as he raised them to his lips for a kiss, like he had before. Then, with a firm grip, Steve pulled Tony to his feet and into his arms. For a few moments, Steve just held him, hands stroking across Tony’s back in a steady rhythm.
“Here: listen for the beat—
“If you want to fuck,” Tony tossed out over his shoulder, “you know where to find me.”
“Go again?” Tony asked through the modulator.
Rhodey looked stricken; his eyes distinctly were misty. (Tony loved that Rhodey would cry at the movies.) Cap was leaning forward, rapt, hanging on every word. Bruce and Clint looked sympathetic, but relaxed—Bruce (probably) assisted by weed, Clint (
It was maddening.
: Okay, darling. I’m looking forward to tomorrow night. Love you, Tony.
” (Did Tony’s eye twitch?)
Tony nodded.
“No, no,” Tony cut him off. “I know you didn’t. Just, I figured you’d want to know. If you want to talk about Femme Doms and male subs as a group, we usually say ‘minority orientation,’ or ‘presented minority.’ Not a value judgment, just statistically more rare. Get it?”
Tony smiled back and joined them all at the counter. He wanted to kiss Steve hello, but they were standing very close to Bruce and Natasha and he wasn’t sure if it’d be weird.
“Do you want me to go?”
“Old BSA Super Rocket.”
“Saving your work and shutting down the workshop now, sir,” JARVIS said smoothly. Tony just nodded. (Shit. Have to apologize to JARVIS later. And--)
Tony swallowed.
Tony spent the morning thinking in his workshop and distractedly tinkering around with new arrows for Clint.  Steve was clearly still eager.  A little knot of tension had uncurled in Tony’s stomach that morning, releasing the (absurd, ridiculous) concern that maybe Steve had been lying earlier, that he really had been distressed, deeply & profoundly, that he’d realized this whole thing was a terrible mistake, but couldn’t make himself talk about his real concerns, so little by little he’d reject Tony’s touch and start to pull away until there was nothing left but a terrible politeness between them.  (See? Absurd.  That’s the sort of fucked-up, illogical thing an emotionally stunted genius would do, not Steve.)
“Fuck me!”
Tony’s heart picked up the pace again. (Damn it.)
Watching the movie and its fucked up little family that loved each other anyway, Tony couldn’t help feeling a little twist of sorrow or envy or something—he’d pined for a brother or sister as a child. Howard had always been a bit of a shit—“
They chuckled.  “Yeah,” Rhodey said with a wry smile.  “Hell, I’m tempted to say it’s all your fault, Tones!”
“I’m sorry, sir,” JARVIS answered blandly. “I didn’t realize it would interest you.”
Worst of all, every so often there came the gurgling, gasping sound of someone dying—their last breaths harsh and grating over the open comm. Then (almost as bad) there was the guilty sense of selfish relief the next time one of his people spoke and he confirmed, no, that hadn’t been Cap, Widow, or Hawk. (As if that made it better.)
“Sir?  Captain Rogers asks if you would like him to bring a plate of dinner to the workshop.”
It was pleasantly crisp in the workshop—too much food or warmth made him sluggish.  Tony  tossed his suit jacket over a stool and grabbed a hoodie from the workbench.
“St. Anthony?” Steve asked with a wry smile.
The aliens were coming through in alternating batches of five and ten every two minutes, but the gaps between waves were getting shorter. There were . . .
“Oh, Pep!  You picked the right time to visit!” Tony exclaimed, nudging her affectionately.  “Steve makes
“And trust me,” Tony went on, waving his hands, “super boring.  And, sure, my solution was brilliant.  A thing of beauty.  A thing of genius.  But describing it doesn’t necessarily make great dinner conversation.  ”
Natasha raise her eyebrow at him, but a few moments later she did come inside, moving silently as always.
“True words,” Tony said, then blinked when JARVIS automatically took him to the workshop.
“No,” Tony said, taking another shot, “we’ll have to make a subset algorithm for it to test conditions on the other side of the portal and then auto-adjust. That’s what the yellow, red, and white cords connecting to the jerry-rigged StarkTab are for. I’ll just have to come fix up the programming.”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“You’re right,” Steve said with a smile. “I don’t want a fancy watch. Or diamond cufflinks. Uh, JARVIS? Could we get rid of all these?” The screens vanished. “Thanks.” Steve looked relieved, then added with a frown, “Though I
“TONY!!!” Rhodey yelled.
Edited to add: I've invited questions about the world of P&P to try and jump start some more world building and to see what you're curious about.  Feel free to ask over at my tumblr post (http://ms-meredith-milton.tumblr.com/post/149419545576/questions-about-pp) or here if you'd rather.  Thanks! :)
She asked with a teasing smile, “Come on, Tony, why are we acting so glum?”  She quickly cut him off when he started to answer.  “That’s rhetorical!  Don’t smart ass me.  Really, we should be celebrating.  So go on—”  she leaned forward across the table, “--give me the gossip.  Tell me about Steve.”
Feeling warmed, Tony pulled up the latest schematics and got to work.
“Good.”
Tony smiled.  Pepper had kicked off her five-inch stilettos; Tony tossed them aside carelessly and folded to his knees beside her.  The carpet was so plush it was almost a cushion-- just the way he liked it.  He pulled her left foot into his lap and began kneading it gently with his thumbs.
(You can tell him. You said you trust him, so show it.)
Little by little, Steve’s chilled skin grew warm and his shivering subsided. His breathing, though still a little ragged, was starting to calm. His pulse slowed. The minutes slid by.
“Tony, Tony—so good, so—ah!”
“Fuck!”
“Go on,” Tony said softly. “Strip!”
He had a new Captain America uniform to design.
Tony watched Steve sleep.  He felt exhausted, but couldn’t get his racing thoughts to slow down.  Besides, if this were the last time Steve would want Tony to hold him, he’d better take advantage of it.
“Come on, sweetheart,” Steve said, pulling Tony off his stool. He pressed a kiss to Tony's forehead. “You look like shit and smell worse. Let's go, yeah?”
(Tony was still skeptical, but he wasn’t as into Geometry, so maybe . . .)
/\                               /\                              /\                              /\
Steve missed another step, but smiled as he answered softly, “All right. I can do that.”
“Sure, Tony.”  (Could you make it less obvious that you’re humoring me?  Geeze…)
Rogers nodded.  “Yeah, I figured.”  He shook himself a little as though dispelling his melancholy.
Bruce laughed.  “Really? How sure are you?”
“And I’ll build the fire for smores!” Tony called.
Tony smiled back, then opened his mouth in a jaw-cracking yawn. “Morning, babe.”
Thank you so much for making this such a magical journey. <3 <3 <3
(Shit.)
“Okay,” Steve said, smile going wider and warmer, “We could try that.”
There was the quiet hum of the elevator approaching, much too soon to be Bruce with their lunch ready, so-- (Steve!) Tony looked up with a bright smile.
“Yes,” she said at last. “I think you may be a very good fit.”
Tony moaned and Steve clutched at Tony with strong hands, fingernails biting at the skin.
But, well, there was Carbonara and it would be hard to eat kneeling. (The team was there.) Tony settled next to Steve on the couch and resolved to indulge in a little footsie later.
Steve smiled.  “Of course.”
(‘Great.’ How fucking inadequate was that?)
Sorry for the delay!  Thanks to everyone who commented on the last chapter.  Your amazing outpouring of kindness helped me fight some prodigious writer's block and overcome Nervous Writer Syndrome.  Thank you!
“I’ll try not to, thanks,” Bruce said with a wry smile.  He waved at the schematics.  “So, what’s all that? Looks like you’ve been testing tensile strengths.”
“Hang on tight,” Steve said over his shoulder with a grin.
Tony smiled sweetly. “I’m bugged. This entire conversation has been recorded on a remote server and, under Title III of the Submissives’ Protection Act, it is admissible evidence in court. Now get the fuck off me.”
“Tony’s good,” Rhodes said, eyes narrowing.
It had been an excellent evening. Slight bruises from Rebecca’s rope work were already blossoming at his wrists and elbows, and he was looking forward to seeing the marks from Sam’s whip latticed across his back. There was a happy ache in his muscles and a twinge in his ass. He shivered. It had been a while since he’d done a spit roast—the memory of deep throating Sam while Rebecca pegged him would be making his jerk off material for quite a while.
(Duh! Because it's an external arc reactor! Introduce a secondary core! Paladium or metanoym alloy that can double shielding output and absorb-- shit. No, wait, no. Temperature spike, toxic discharge. Shit. Did this. Did this already. Fuck.)
“Yup!”
“Hey, JARVIS?  Save and sleep mode.  Time for some rest.”
Tony glanced around, eyes aching. There was the mug he'd broken earlier and, oh actually, it looked like there was another one too. And a smashed plate. The drafts, every single one he'd worked on, were scattered all around the workshop, hanging still and silent.
A few days later, Steve came into the living room—still optimistic—and found Tony alone, his back to the doorway.  Steve opened his mouth, not sure what to say, but eager to say something, probably ‘thank you once more’ or ‘it’s so nice to see you’—then shut it again, when he realized that Tony was talking on the phone.
“Listen, Tony,” Bruce said, in that gentle tone that Tony loved and hated, “I've never found it easy to make new connections.”  He gestured around the lab.  “Not unless there's something to do, a scientific problem.”  He swallowed and fidgeted slightly. “But, I do want to try.  I saw some of SHEILD’s research and it matches my own and . . . Betty’s.”  He stumbled over her name.  “The secret to controlling . . . the Other Guy . . . might actually be bonding this team as a unit.  So, I’m focusing on the positive.  I think it will help.”  He added softly, “It might help us both.”
Thanks for sticking with me!  Your encouragement is cherished.  Hopefully, there will be more soon!  xoxo
Steve couldn't move--he was frozen, mesmerized, heart pounding and palms sweating. His cock was achingly hard.
Steve was still breathing heavily and his eyes were shining a little wetly.
(Bullshit.) Tony pivoted and stepped around him, getting between Steve and the patch of rug he’d been staring at, forcing himself into Steve’s gaze.
“Probably an eight, but I’m gonna do the same thing so no judgment.”
Cap dropped his gaze, brow furrowing.  “It can be,” he acknowledged.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
(See the end of the chapter for
The elevator doors opened.
“Yeah, okay. I’m flying back for the gala tomorrow anyway.”
“You look stunning,” Tony told her sincerely, perhaps a trifle breathlessly. He held out his hand and she folded it in both of hers.
“Focus!”
“Hey, JARVIS, give me the SHIELD mainframe.”
“You’re interested in mathematics?”
Tony smiled as he toweled his hair dry. No wonder Rhodey and Cap got along so well—they obviously had a lot in common: neither of them could shrug off shit they read on the internet. Rhodey’d go batshit and hit the shooting range. (Pepper’s outrage in contrast was a brief and quiet affair; she was far too efficient and restrained to waste time and energy on trolls.) It had been the worst during the Hanson trial. Tony tried to push the memories away. The death threats, rape threats—some of them amazingly lurid in their detail.
(Pepper thinks I'm good.  A good person.  A good sub.  That's enough . . .)
“How is your work going, Mr. Stark?”
They needed to talk.
(But Natasha always moved silently.)
“Nice work, Avengers!” Steve called as they finished the training module. Steve looked up and added, “And thank you for your assistance with the holograms, JARVIS.”
I tried to figure out if this chapter needed warnings of some sort, but had no idea what I could call it other than possible emotional whip lash ?  So, I guess that!
“Is it bad?” Steve asked peering at the console.
“All right.”
“It's not the same,” Steve said, adamantly. “I was just a poor kid from Brooklyn. I wasn't heir to an empire or famous or anything.”
“Yeah.”  Tony smiled and joined them in the kitchen.  “Sounds great, Steve.”
“I’m so glad,” Steve said. A moment later his smile faded and he added, “And I guess we’ll have to tell SHIELD eventually.”
Mostly predictable.  All the stuff Tony'd probably google out of the ice too, along with stuff that must have been inspired by conversations with people at SHIELD:  Taylor Swift and Lady Gaga; Tina Fey and The Daily Show; LOL Cats and Bill Gates.
“Are you all right?” Tony asked, chest tight.
“Boooop?”
“But I—“
Tony blinked. (It was that late already?)
“Where the fuck's my coffee?”
Tony bit his lip and hesitated.
A tremor ran through his body.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony’d begun the evening on edge, wondering how it would be different now that he and Steve were together, but it all seemed the same. In fact, so much the same Tony would almost have worried if it weren’t for the occasional sweet and intimate smile Steve gave him when he thought nobody was looking. Clint seemed a little antsy (he’d picked the outing—probably wanted to make sure everyone had fun) and Bruce was about to drive him insane obsessing over the Security Blanket, but other than that it was nice. The food was delicious, Rosie was a peach, and nobody bothered them. (Tony suspected Rosie’s hand in that, but couldn’t be sure.)
“So, you heard the whole thing?”
(Aha!) Passing nearby, Tony could see a familiar bald head.
Tony wriggled and tried to lean up for a kiss, but Steve pressed him harder into the cushion, holding him in place. His blue eyes were very bright as he recited: “To enter in these bonds, is to be free;”
Tony wracked his brain. “Uh. Looks great?”
Tony nudged Steve back into motion, trying to catch the beat again.
On screen Uhura and Spock were using their new device to combat the obstructing frequencies of the Kranuh trying to trap Chekov and Sulu on their planet. (The redshirts in the landing party were already dead—no hope for them.)
They’d had a luxurious bath, which Tony’d enhanced with a virtuoso blowjob for Steve (despite his own inability to rise to the occasion so soon after their previous exertions). Steve had washed his hair and didn’t let a drop of water touch his face. Tony’s chest swelled with tenderness for his beautiful Dom.
Tony felt a pang, part gratitude, part melancholy. After his parents had died, the Rhodes had offered him a place in their family, invited him for Thanksgiving, Christmas, family vacations, but he’d never quite let himself accept, not fully. He’d come around sometimes, pushed them away at others, by turns too needy and too proud. (Obie’d said they wanted his money, but Tony’d never thought that.) Tony’d mistaken kindness for pity and couldn’t bear to accept it.
Steve looked up. “Rhodey saw her too?”
“Yeah, sounds good.”
And now a cry for help!  I’ve been hard at work on chapter 4—the spreadsheet chapter!—and have made an Excel spreadsheet and wrote the chapter in MS Word with various changes of font, color, and formatting.  (I’m proud!  I think it’s neat!)  But I can’t figure out how to get it onto AO3 without messing it all up.  If any of you have this skill or know where to find instructions on this stuff or can help in any way, I would be tremendously grateful!  I’ve been spending tons of time trying and failing to figure out formatting internet things instead of writing chapter 5 and that makes me sad….
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“And she already picked it out. It’s at CB2.”
“And—“ Francesca asked, a little faltering, “did Nona Anna really teach you to cook her, uh—“
,” Steve whispered. “You were—
After a few minutes, Steve gave Tony a hard squeezed, then threw his shoulders back and stepped away.  The elevator doors opened.
“Good idea.”
“You’re beautiful when you come,” Tony said.  “Go ahead, baby.  Let yourself go.  I want to see it.”
Natasha grinned. She really loved working with Tony.
“Yeah, sure.  Fine, just not too many roses.  I dunno.”  Tony wiped some excess oil off Dummy and frowned.  “Look, they’re for Pepper so you know what she likes to order.  It’s going to her office at the new Stark Industries building.  And I want you to send somebody out to buy three—no, six—pairs of Manolo Blahniks, size nine, and work those into the bouquet somehow.”
There was no change.
?” Tony suggested. Steve nodded.
Christmas is too much for me.”
Thanks so much for reading!  I couldn't possibly do Jon Stewart justice--I love that guy, and so much of it is vocal inflection and facial expressions--but I couldn't resist trying anyway.  :-)
and eat Doritos with me.”
“What if I hurt you?” Steve asked with the same tone of misery.
.  Grab you by the hair and take you wherever I want, whenever I want . . . gonna call you my filthy cocksucker,a pretty whore.  You perfect slut.)
"With your build--even masking your scent and wearing that ridiculous outfit--you must have known we'd realize."
“Tony, relax.  It’s great.”  Steve gave Tony’s knee a quick squeeze under the table then moved his hand.  “So, what should I try here?”
The red of Katie’s lipstick matched the red of Michael’s tie; Tony wondered if that was deliberate. (The Katie-Michael team sometimes reminded Tony of the Pepper-Tony team; it made him happy every time he needed help with PR which, let’s face it, was pretty much all the time.)
“I’m sorry.” Rogers swallowed. “Would you rather I not cook up here?”
(‘Thank you’?) Tony’s stomach dropped. (That was it?)
,” Steve panted, “inside me.  Oh god, please, Tony!”
“Yeah, that’s it,” Steve said, “I don’t think the sudokus I got Sarah were nearly hard enough. She was through a third of them before I left. But Jason really took to the colored pencils and was sharing them sweetly with Kevin. Sister Claire set up a drawing space for all the kids with new art supplies. Everybody kept trying to get me to play dodge-ball with them in the gym—and I did, for a little while—but honestly I was happier at the drawing station.”
“No, hey, don’t worry about it!  That—” Tony rushed to cut her off.
help me,” Tony said, adjusting himself against a mound of pillows. “Seriously, man, I’m dying in this place. You’re here to help me sneak out, right?”
Tony laughed.
.  No—don’t say it.) “—has feelings,
Tony frowned, but it wasn’t as if he hadn’t seen it coming.
Steve hesitated, still holding Tony's wrists.
Tony whined in protest—then gasped as he realized that Steve was reaching into his bag and—
(Seriously?)
Steve pulled away from their kiss, panting. He pressed his mouth to Tony’s cheek, his temple, his hair and took a deep breath.
.  You’re too damn strong not to keep control.)
Tony wiped his face. (Shit! Don’t blush.)
That was no doubt doubly true of King Steven.  The new dragonslayer king of Eire.
Tony shifted around and pulled Steve onto his lap.  It should have been awkward with their relative sizes, and maybe it would look awkward to an outsider, but it felt amazing.  Tony was lax and languid from his orgasm (I did that!) and Steve felt proud and content, nuzzling Tony’s neck and shoulder, his hands still bound behind him.  The bonds were starting to produce a dull, but not unpleasant, ache.  His cock was hard, desperate for attention and weeping precum, but he could wait if Tony wanted him to.  He rubbed his body—cheek, chest, shoulder, legs-- against Tony like a cat while Tony pet him, but he couldn’t get any friction on his dick and he probably shouldn’t try to.  (“Don’t touch yourself,” Tony’d said.  “Don’t you fucking dare.”)
“Not when we were—uh,
Thanks for your patience!  Happy Thanksgiving to all the folks celebrating tomorrow.
-------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \--------------
“Of course, Sir.  And, if I may, good luck.”
Tony felt a rush of heady pleasure.  (
“Okay, JARVIS!” Tony called. “
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony gave himself a little shake.
“Uh, car commercial?” Tony suggested
(No!  Don’t want to talk about it!)
“Gotcha.” Clint grinned. Tony huffed and tried the leg move again but Clint expected it and blocked him. (Damn it!)
saying he had no idea where the rumor I was a probationary member could have started and that I was always a full Avenger from the beginning.”
In Tony’s room, Steve maneuvered awkwardly to pull the blankets down and then very gently lowered Tony to the bed.  With careful fingers, Steve unlaced Tony’s shoes, eased them off his feet, and tucked them in the corner.  Then he pulled the blankets up around Tony and went to get ready for bed.  Efficiently, Steve brushed his teeth, washed his face and stripped out of his clothes.  He hovered for a few moments, staring at Tony’s handsome face, savoring this marvelous privilege, before sliding into bed next to Tony and curling up around him like a cat.
Tony grimaced. He could still see it, the look on Howard’s face as if--
“Mmm,” Jackie murmured, examining Tony’s face. “Better do something about those eyebrows too.”
Eventually he spoke: “I think . . . I think I should go to bed.”
Rogers was standing awkwardly immobile while a trio of subs in miniscule dresses were entreating him towards the dance floor. Rogers looked apologetic and polite, but something about the lines of his shoulders and slightly pinched look at the corner of his eyes, told Tony there was a lot more misery and panic under that expression than Rogers wanted to show. Tony was tempted to go rescue him—Rhodey’s words lingering in his mind—but then he saw Natasha approaching Rogers with purpose and Belford approaching him with his drink.
Because Valentine’s day.
“Mr. Nguyen’s Catholic too.” A pause, then Steve said, “Did you know over thirty-five percent of Vietnamese-Americans are Catholic? I didn’t know that.” He admitted a little sheepishly, “I’d assumed he was Buddhist.”
Rhodey gave his mom a hug and a fond, “ G’night, mom.”
Steve shuffled on his feet then seemed to push his awkwardness away.  He threw back his shoulders (does he know he does that?) and said more confidently, though still quietly:  “I like sleeping with you and waking up with you, Tony.  So when you decide to get some rest, if you’d like to do it in my room, with me, you’re always welcome.”  He smiled.
“Results, J?”
Struck by sudden inspiration, Tony flailed awkwardly to get out from under the blankets, sloshing coffee onto the duvet as he went.
“America isn’t building the railroads anymore,” Sylvia said. “We’re more than a steel and manufacturing firm.” She turned to include Tony. “In fact, we’re working on a new transparent aluminum carbon polymer. For electronics. I thought you might be interested.”
“Director!” Dominic exclaimed, visibly surprised as Nick Fury entered the room, “I didn’t think you were scheduled for this meeting.”
“Oh God, I’m old!” Clint groaned in the elevator. “It’s barely one a.m. on New Year’s and I’m about to go to bed. Alone!”
Tony rolled his eyes.
(I would very much like to go to bed with you. So, what do you think?)
“Just shut up and watch the damn movie,” he mumbled.
“What?”
’s why you had Clint take over my training?!”
“You said you wanted whatever I want—is that right, sweetheart?”
“Is that the new poly-aramid you promised me?”
The desirability bias of the questions (and the complete lack of nuance in the example scenarios) was practically a blinking red light, but companies used those sorts of training courses as a rhetorical gesture to minimize liability in the face of lawsuits and criminal charges.
“Mr. Alvarez!” Tony said with a polite smile.  “I don’t believe you’ve met my teammate and Dominant, Steve Rogers.”
Tony leaned forward to give Steve a chaste little kiss. (He hated thinking about Steve in the ice.)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Steve went completely still. Tony waited, on high alert. (Was Steve holding his breath?) Tony gave it another moment. (Maybe Steve was just startled.) Tony’d figured that—like Bruce and Rhodey—Steve would find it easier to accept physical comfort under the polite fiction that he was the one
“Seems to be going okay. Well, I hope so at least. Mrs. Rhodes has been very helpful.” Steve frowned as he opened the oven. “The skin still isn’t done crisping though.”
Tony walked back to the couch with his pizza.
Rogers turned to Hill then Fury with a nod and a crisp, “Sir. Sir.” There was a lingering pause as Fury and Rogers stared at each other. Tony wondered what Rogers would do if Fury ordered them all to sit down, but he never found out. Instead Fury barked an abrupt, “Dismissed!”
Tony wished he had something more to say. Something hopeful. (How had their date turned so sad? Was this what Steve talked about in therapy?)
Tony shook his head and downed some more coffee.
“That it is.”
“Attention!” Cap called into the comm. “The spiders can jump. Repeat, the spiders can jump—twenty feet in the air at least. Three spiders leapt the perimeter and are headed for midtown. Repeat, headed for midtown.”
“A little,” Rogers said softly after a moment’s pause. He set his scotch on the coffee table.
Tony felt the guilt resting uneasily in his stomach.
“I love you,” Steve said seriously. Now wasn’t the time to tell Tony about earlier, to confess, beg, and repent, but he couldn’t just let Tony walk away and disappear for who knows how long. Steve reached out to touch Tony’s cheek. “I just wanted to tell you that before you go down to the workshop.”
“So I did,” Tony murmured and draped himself alluringly against the wall.
Tony licked his lips.  His stupid heart was pounding.  He took a hesitant step forward.
Steve emerged wearing his new uniform and a broad smile.
(What was really
Thank you all from the bottom of my heart.  Hoping to have the rest of this (somewhat abridged) chapter to you soon!
(Shit. He was really running out of time.)
Bruce nodded. “On it.”
When Tony and Pep took the elevator up to the common floor—previously part of Tony’s penthouse—they found Steve staring wide-eyed at the kitchen counter while Clint laughed nearby.
“So, let’s not think about it now?” Steve suggested tentatively. Tony nodded. “Yeah. Now we’re just Steve and Tony.”
“Parties usually mean alcohol,” Natasha cut in bluntly. “Tony’s an alcoholic.”
“Yes, thank you,” Steve said. “That will be fine.”
“Hey, Tones! You doin’ ok?”
(See the end of the chapter for
open minded Domme and my birthday’s coming up. I bet she’d be willing to give her beloved husband that all-American spit-roast he’s always wanted.”
Tony wet his lips and fumbled a moment for his train of thought before continuing:
“Nice.”  Harris kept chuckling and shook his head. “Meetings I don’t mind; it’s the paperwork that kills me.”
“I, uh.  Wow.  Steve, that’s…  Uh, I’m honored.”  (Pull it together, Stark!)  Tony’s heart was pounding hard and frantic in his chest—he wondered distantly if Steve could hear it loud and clear.  Tony took a deep breath.  Then another.  (Come on, stupid.  This was kinda what you expected.  Sort of.)
Dummy wheeled away suddenly.
There were already a few SHIELD agents on the ground wearing heavy SWAT gear. Tony was pretty sure that it would slow them down more than it would protect them, but he wasn’t the one in charge of that sort of thing. (And, yeah, okay—they totally need his new poly-aramid too . . .)
“No, sir. Captain Rogers.”
Steve flipped a pancake.  He let his thoughts wander.  He’d finally finished with the spreadsheet!  (At least for now.)  It had been a more herculean task than he’d supposed at first glance.  (People did strange—and sometimes *disgusting*-- things with one another apparently.  Being tied up seemed positively pedestrian by comparison!)  Steve knew he hadn’t quite figured things out, but he’d done his best with it.  He’d even given it to Tony.  (Finally!)  And since then he hadn’t heard a thing about it.  (Idiot—he’s busy.  There’s a crisis.  Of course he doesn’t have time to let
It was nearly 1 am by the time Steve got back to Stark Tower and he realized that he’d been absently repeating the first verse of “O come, O come, Emmanuel” for the past fifteen blocks.  He couldn’t seem to remember the rest of the lyrics.
Thank you so much for reading this!  If you liked it and would be interested in a sequel (or series) do please let me know!  Questions, musings, and reflections are adored and appreciated!
“May I hang it?” Steve asked.
“So,” Tony said, bumping his hip playfully against hers. She swatted him away with a little shooing noise that made Tony grin. He leaned back against the kitchen counter. “You don’t seem especially overwhelmed to be cooking Thanksgiving dinner alongside Captain America. Not impressed to meet a living legend?”
Of course he could look it up. It was on the internet--on his computer, his tablet, even his
Steve met Tony at the elevator doors. (Like an old fashioned gentleman, the big sap.)
The elevator was too slow.
“Less chatter, guys!” Captain America barked, then added, “And ew, Clint.  Don’t be vulgar.”
(I’m not usually like this. I don’t know what’s the matter with me! I--)
Tony’s fingers were wonderful and relentless, caressing that spot over and over, making Steve jerk and shudder.  Steve’s balls felt tight and heavy, his whole body pulsing with anticipation.  He was so close . . .  (Am I supposed to ask?  Always?)  Another hard thrust-- he cried out.
“The list?”
Tony snapped his mouth shut.
“Can I get a check in?”
“Well,” Tony said, starting to walk away, “if it makes you feel any better, I don’t understand you either.”
It was swell.
“Yes, please,” Tony whimpered, tipping his head to the side to give Steve better access. “Please.”
Steve smiled just a little.
(Of course, it was
Alex’s--no
“A game mostly played by grandmas,” Clint added.
Steve watched them, the easy back and forth, the playful hints of rough housing-- it was all so achingly familiar. Steve’s eyes were stinging.  His face was hot, but the rest of his body felt cold.
Tony stroked his neck and hair.  “Hey, hey.  What’s happened?  Are you okay?”
with you,
“Bruce! Do you see this?”
Tony took his seat. Steve’s smile was as sweet as ever, but perhaps a little flustered around the edges.
He hit replay.
Rhodey snorted, “Sure you can.”
Tony didn’t know what to say to that, so he stayed silent.
“And how’s Sam?” Tony asked.
Steve opened his mouth to speak, but then Tony was kissing him, licking at his lips and pressing his tongue inside.  Steve moaned into Tony’s mouth.  Tony took hold of Steve’s hip and set up a slow, rocking motion, thrusting and rolling. His tongue fucked in and out of Steve’s mouth, fingers curling tight around the back of Steve’s neck.  Steve fumbled awkwardly under the covers, yanking at Tony’s sweatpants, desperate for skin on skin.  Tony wiggled his hips obligingly and soon they were cock to cock, hard flesh and velvety skin all slickened with pre-come.  They were both panting.  Roll and thrust, roll and thrust.  Push, pull, push, pull.  The moments melted together.  Roll, thrust, push, pull.
“Here we are,” Tony agreed breathlessly.
Rhodes' voice faded as Steve put distance between them.
[visual description: a text conversation]
Tony’d insisted that Mrs. Rhodes take head of the table, but she’d put Tony at her right, Steve at the left. Then Rhodey and Pepper, Clint and Natasha, and Bruce opposite her, as a fellow chef. Tony’s foot tapped under the table and his stomach rumbled. (Hurry up, people!)
bases, but this time it just didn’t sit right with him.
And if Steve’s eyes were bloodshot when he came back from the bathroom, Tony wouldn’t dream of mentioning it.
Tony paused, then twisted a little to look up at Steve and say: “Do you want to talk about it?”
Steve blinked. Tony’s face went tight. (Rhodey? This was the Colonel Rhodes from Tony’s stories?) Steve blinked again. He was, uh, nothing like Steve had pictured.
no matter what.  If I kneel at someone’s feet it’s because I choose to and because he—because
“You do too, Pep,” Tony mumbled.  “Deserve the world. And babies!  And all good things. Everything you want.”
“Dinner and a movie, huh?” Steve said after a little pause. “Guess we could do that.”
Seriously people? This is Captain America we’re talking about; he’s hardly some virginal little ingenue who can’t make adult choices. So what if there’s an age difference? They’re both DEFINITELY consenting adults.
(Oh God.)
A Twilight Zone where Tony served the team breakfast and was a domestic little darling.  (What the actual fuck? Since when did Tony serve everybody breakfast?)  And there he was—all dotingly affectionate, showering the Captain with smiles and little touches, but he had to practically beg Cap for even a kiss on the cheek in return. Tony hardly said a thing while Cap focused on telling Bruce every minute detail of the fancy dinner Tony’d taken him to.  The spices! The wine! The décor! Sounded really swanky—a private garden table?
Eventually, Steve gave Tony a sheepish little smile, “I mean, I don’t know.  It felt almost like it would be cheating.  Like I was looking behind the curtain at secret mysteries I’d rather learn about from you.  Because . . . you’re in charge and I love you.”
Steve nodded.
As soon as Katie and Mikie came on stage to wrap things up, Bruce practically sprinted for the door. Natasha sauntered gracefully and Clint blew kisses to the reporters. Tony left with casual bravado and held the door for Steve who smiled and waved a little awkwardly.
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “Of course it was! You wouldn’t be making
“It wasn’t right,” Steve insisted again, like a broken record. “And I got—“ His ears turned pink and he made a vague gesture down his body. (A hard on?) “I should have more control.”
“You’ve drunk with
Tony licked his neck, a long wet swipe of tongue, then bit his earlobe.  Steve shivered.
“We’re plenty focused.” Tony shrugged, trying to hold that sick sinking feeling at bay. “We fly in, deploy one of my handy dandy devices, and fly out. We’ll be back in time for
been All Dom.”
“Fuck you, Stark,” Jackie drawled.
“Oh, sure,” Tony said with a shrug. “I wasn’t sure how much you’d need.”
UPDATED Author's Note: July 24, 2014:  Sorry for the delay on the next chapter!  I've been struggling with work and a big deadline coming up, am now out of the country for an ill-timed vacation where internet is very spotty, and the next chapter is proving a challenge.  All in all, sorry for the slow progress, all is well, story not abandoned, and I should be back with you in early August.  Sorry and thanks for your patience!
“I’m afraid Dr. Banner is still out, Mr. Stark,” a voice said politely from the entrance to the lab.  “It’s me. Steve Rogers.” A momentary pause before he added, “But I’d be happy to help if I can.”
“Yeah, go ahead and put her through.”
Steve could tell he was still blushing.  (Shit.  We’re in Tony’s bedroom and that’s Tony’s bed, where I . . . but you . . . Shit.)  Pepper said something else and Steve snapped back to attention.
“I don’t know what you mean,” Tony fibbed. “It’s an anonymous donation, right? Could be anyone, really.”
Tony stared at him for a few long moments, trying to get his thoughts in order. He was pretty sure that Rogers was actually holding his breath, waiting for Tony to react or say something.
“I can keep a secret,” Jackie said. “You
“We’re not going out for a confrontation,” Tony said.  “It’s a training exercise.”
In much smaller letters, Steve had added the post-script:
) Tony had a hand on Steve’s arm and was looking up at him with a soft smile. Steve’s answering smile was joyful, blinding.
“Ok.  Good.  Gotta run!  Over and out.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony looked at the steaming plate and said, a little bemused, “You really are all about feeding people, aren’t you, Cap?  What’s with that anyway?”
“Hey,” Jake yelled again from behind the bar.  “You with the iphone.  Read the sign.  Put it way or get out of my bar.”
Tony grinned. “No more crazy than Big Green.”
Tony blinked and sat up, looking at Steve with some surprise.
“Together?” Tony prompted.
“Shit Tones,” Rhodey swore, “I should have realized. I mean—uh, you okay?”
"Here," Steve said, trying not to sound stilted, as he came to crouch next to Tony, "why don't I help you back into bed?"
Steve’s chest ached at the thought.
----------------------------
“NO!” Rhodey yelled, waving his arms. “Belay that order, JARVIS! Do
.”) It made his chest feel tight. (“
“Well, now I really want to know.”
Fox News would shit a brick.
“Work here?  Yeah,” Steve said, smiling. “I mostly did kitchen prep.  Washed some dishes.”
before,” Tony added darkly.
Tony ignored him.
“Absolutely.” Steve said, taking a long drink.
Steve nodded.
.”) He undid his trousers.  (There’s nothing wrong with me.  With us.  I know that.  How can I
Natasha nodded, not quite smiling.  “Yeah.  It’s exactly what I wanted.” Pause. “Cap helped me run training with it.”
to Steve.) Tony wrapped his legs around Steve’s waist and couldn’t resist rolling his hips a little, getting some much-desired friction.
(Having a date might help . . .
“Unacceptable.  So, what happened?”
“Duh. Obviously. Anyway, I think we’re gonna watch a few episodes tonight. You should come hang out. If you spend any more time meditating on your floor I’m gonna think it’s emo instead of Zen. So, yeah, come hang out.”
“My team?” Bruce said, sounding incredulous.  “I don’t have a team.”
(Yeah, Tony, you don’t sound bitter
“Hmmm?” Tony murmured, a wrench between his teeth.
The elevator doors opened silently onto the huge open floor plan of his penthouse and its vast windows. The view on was stunning—New York a vast expanse of sparkling glory. He loved the city at night. Tony poured himself a generous scotch and sat down, mind running in the same circles as before.
, but good-- really good.
And he could move.
“Tony,” Steve said, with a nod. He turned back to his papers. (Huh.)
“Don’t touch yourself,” Tony ordered, a sharp edge to his voice.  “Don’t you fucking dare.”
Tony stifled a laugh as Dummy wheeled back to Steve and offered him—
“No,” Tony said, putting his hand over the drawing. “It’s good.” He added softly, “I like it.”
Bruce was looking at the TV screen and fiddling absently with his reading glasses, turning them over and over in his hands as he so often did.
“ . . .
“That—” Rogers hesitated, “That sounds like a one way trip.”
Steve shrugged.  “You always can say no.”
Everything was fine. He was with his family. His friends. His team.
“Hey, Pepper?” Tony swallowed.  “I’m gonna have to call you back. Again.”
“So,” Clint said, rubbing his neck.  “That went well.”
“Aww,” Tony said. “Think Big Green’s first word might be ‘ball’? I was counting on ‘Tony’! Or maybe ‘Da-da’ to Steve.”
Tony frowned.
“Are you?” Fury asked.
Tony nodded, then asked, “Is it only for sub drop?”
“Makes sense,” Rogers said nodding.  “Can you explain it to me?”
“It must be for Steve,” Natasha said consideringly.
“I’m so happy for you both,” Rebecca said. “I wish you every joy.”
“Huh,” Steve said. “Feels kind of like cheating.”
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
AT LAST!!!
Steve flushed slightly and looked down and to the right, shy and bashful again, the very picture of submission.  He looked up at Tony from under his lashes with a hint of a hesitant smile as he nodded.  And then Tony couldn’t keep his hands to himself—he scooted closer and ran a hand through Steve’s hair.
“Hey, Bruce!” Tony called breezing into Bruce’s suite. His voice was loud over the burbling serenity fountains.
“That’s not gonna—“ Tony began, but Bruce interrupted.
“Sir,” JARVIS interrupted.  “Captain Rogers has just returned to the Tower and is asking after you.  Shall I direct him to the sunroom?”
, mind boggling as that was. But it wasn't there--inside him--anymore.
And if there was something wet against Tony’s neck, seeping into the collar of his shirt, they didn’t say anything about it.  Tony just kept giving Steve slow, firm caresses he hoped were reassuring.  The elevator had long since reached the garage.
, you know?”
The elevator doors opened on Tony’s floor and Steve walked him down the hallway; the hallway to his bedroom had never felt so long. At the door Steve paused, but he wasn’t pulling away. He just stood there, smiling down at Tony. Steve licked his lips.
(Yeah.  Things are great.)
Clint’s face went blank. (Shit.) A sharp jerk of the head, deep breath, then: “She didn’t make it.”
“Do you know what you’d like?”
“I’m fine.  Thank you.”
style and we’d all be having dinner by now, right Tony?”
“Sorry.”
Dummy booped eagerly when Tony stepped into the workshop. As Tony turned to offer the team a final ‘good night,’ the elevator doors closed and Tony just caught a glimpse of Steve’s furrowed brow.
“Seems hard to believe it’s a coincidence.  Right?”
“Mmmm,” Tony murmured.
“That was nice,” Steve said. “Thank you, Tony.”
“Yeah, babe, mark me up,” Tony whispered, winding himself up as much as Steve with the dirty talk. “Leave me bruised and open, dripping with your cum.”
“Quiet though,” Tony cautioned.
When the elevator doors opened, Rogers was standing in his living room halfway to the elevator, hands hanging awkwardly at his sides.
“How did you two meet?” Tony prompted quietly after a few moments.
. . . . .
a brat, so he called, “JARVIS, volume 25%.”
“Later!”
“Sorry.  Look, we got off on the wrong foot.  Can we just—“
Something about the way JARVIS said it, a subtle shift of inflection or a hint of a pause, reminded Tony that JARVIS was Steve’s friend too.
There was a long pause.
“Tony?” Steve said, hesitant and awkward. “I’m sorry.”
What might things be like if he weren’t queer?  It was easy to picture how it was supposed to go, at least according to the patterns he used to know.   He’d have gone for drinks with Agent James and her friends.  Then, after a few times out in a group, he’d have asked her on a proper date.  They’d get to know each other slowly, little by little.  After a few dates, they’d kiss.  Then they’d be going steady.  He’d remember to call her his ‘girlfriend’ instead of his ‘girl.’  Things were different now, so he’d probably have seemed a little too slow, a little too traditional, but eventually, they’d— (Huh.)  Steve blinked.
Tony shrugged. “No reason. Do I need a reason to kiss you?”
“Deal.”
(Focus.)
/\                               /\                              /\                              /\
Tony nodded with satisfaction.  Just for fun, he had the schematics for every single hypo up in a glowing screen so he could watch all the beautiful calculations scrolling by.  There were twenty four shiny variations on portal closure devices lined up on his work desk.  (He figured he might need six, so he doubled it then doubled it again for good measure.)
“Fuck you and your concern,” Tony growled. “Where was your
Tony threw his hands up. “Well, I wanted to be sure there was enough food!”
Tony didn’t believe in babying people, so he launched sudden and fast.  He heard Cap exclaim, “Oh!” then repeat, his tone awed, “
(My Dom’s a troll!)
“Captain Rogers speaking,” Steve answered briskly.
“We’d have met,” Tony insisted obstinately.
“Huh?” Clint asked.
“What are you even
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony sighed. At least he was still wearing his jeans.
“Steve,” Tony murmured, his tone serious as he looked at Steve, taking him in—his bright blue eyes, pale skin, angular jaw, and frankly adorable ears.  Steve raised his eyebrows, his look inquiring.  Tony pushed him gently against the elevator wall.
Tony came over and laid a hand on Steve’s shoulder.
Dominants in the world, doesn’t there?”
“You’re Iron Man.”  Rogers sounded earnest and impressed.   (From someone else, it might have sounded
“Steve?” Pepper interrupted her face oddly blank.  “Steve
“So, go on,” she continued.  “Tell me. About Steve.”  The name sounded awkward on her tongue.  “I really do want to hear.”  And Pepper was smiling at him, but the contrast was too marked.  It was her boardroom smile.  Everything felt sour in Tony’s stomach.
Tony glared at the StarkPhone in his hand, resenting the hell out of the incipient shit-storm that had left him alternately running between meetings and locking himself in his workshop.  Apparently it was up to him to fix the next gen Stark phones because the very brilliant people he’d hired were also apparently idiots.
“Oh my God, Tony!"  She gasped. "Please tell me you didn’t sign anything!”
“Now go kneel in the middle of the room,” Tony said softly.  Steve found himself wondering if he was allowed to stand up and whether or not he wanted to.  (Do I actually want to crawl?)  Mentally, he pushed that away as another question for another time, walked across the workshop and rearranged himself in the wide open space Tony used for large projects.
(I want you to have a safeword because that means we’re really doing this.  It means I’m doing it right.)
“JARVIS?  If you would,” Bruce asked.  (Bruce never looked at the ceiling.)
“Thanks, J,” Tony said. “So, come on—what do you say?”
turned down time with his teammates.
“Huh?”
“All right.” Tony paused then asked, “Do you want to guess? There are people online making all kinds of bets.”
“Yes, sir.”
Tony took a set of mini-orbitors from his bag and headed towards the force field.
“How’s that?” Steve asked softly.
.”  The way she said it seemed almost like an insult, but he couldn’t be sure.  “We could use you again next week, if you’re interested.”
He arrived in California in a flash.
I'm afraid it's still baby steps for Steve and Tony here, but I promise there will be more talking and (eventually!) sexy times.   Really!  :-)  Slow build is so slow, but we're making progress and I'll try not to leave you hanging too long. . . Thanks again for all your kindness and support!  (And patience!!!)  You are the best!
Bruce looked at Tony with a confused frown.
“I wish to God I’d banged my head hard enough to black out when the plane hit, but I didn’t. I just felt sick and disoriented after, my ears ringing and my sight all blurry.”
“After what seems like forever—because you’d still be old fashioned, even if you were born in the 90’s—you invite me up to your place. It’s this tiny little walk up with squeaky stairs, but I love it and I’m so desperate for you to make love to me I’m begging you as soon as the door’s shut.”
Tony snorted and Steve scowled at him.
Steve snorted. “It isn’t
Tony turned back to his schematics, but could feel Steve’s gaze lingering on him.
“Yes! Yes, Steve.”
Anyway, please have this longer-than-usual chapter to make up for my absence.
“Oh is that all,” Clint said. “Well in that case I guess I should be grateful.”
As they approached the red and gold, rope-shaped alien, both aliens started emitting terrible, shrill screeches. (Oh man, yikes.) Tony reminded himself that to The Eewoo, Steve’s lovely baritone probably sounded horrible too.
Tony obeyed as directed, and turned with a grin saying, “Hey, Pep!”
Tony was mid-sentence when the spectrometer began blinking and JARVIS cut in: “Sir? The energy levels are spiking.”
Steve looked at the closed elevator doors for a few moments, then took a deep breath.  Well, that was . . . unsettling.
(Tony hadn’t
Hope you enjoyed the foreplay!
“Look,” Tony said impatiently, gathering himself for a full on rant, “you sell those to the press, put them online, or whatever—then this place is gonna be overrun. There’ll be fans and paparazzi, you name it, and next thing you know it’ll be a circus out here and those poor kids won’t get to enjoy their Christmas or their special visitor in peace. And it’ll look like some ‘Captain America visits orphans’ PR bullshit not that he’s here because Steve is a nice person who seriously just wanted to make some kids happy and spend time with them on Christmas—something he can’t do with the press howling at the gates. So, how about it? Name your price.”
. There was a tablet over on the bench. Tony wandered closer and saw that the screen was cracked, but it was still working. Tony picked it up and skimmed the youtube comments.
“Tony?” Steve said. His voice sounded warm.
Tony laughed, then frowned. “Not a bad idea. Maybe the 5.6 version. You could wear it to conferences, when security isn’t up to par.”
(I don't want to hide, and I won't.)
Obedient to Pepper’s sensible advice (for once), Tony took a few deep breaths. She gave him a sweet smile.
“Got it, J,” Tony said.  (Just as well. Another few moments and he might have jumped his Dom and ditched the gala all together.)
“I thought you’d call me earlier,” she said.
“Smells good,” Tony said, following Steve to the kitchen.
“Tony, he's not going to break security protocols,” Steve chastised.
Steve turned the fake cock this way and that in his hands.
.  That I wasn’t a
“I understand, sir,” Steve said briskly.
“Yeah, sure,” Tony said, still squinting at the projection.  “Sorry, just, I’m working and--”
“Then, here I was in 2010 and suddenly it’s okay to want another man and . . .”  Steve smiled a little and seemed to breathe easier.  “I guess, the more I thought about it, the more I realized I’m still
“May not have to after all, Cap,” Tony announced, watching as the readouts from the mini-orbiters fluctuated wildly. “Looks like it’s about to—“
Tony waved him in impatiently and pulled up the clip he’d been saving for this very moment. He flipped the tablet for Rogers to see and maxed the volume:
Thank you so much for all your love and support.  I'm home for Christmas with my family, which for me means thinking a lot about love and gratitude.  I'm grateful for you, for giving me the opportunity to share my writing and for helping me to think deeply about social justice, gender, and sexuality.  This story has brought me through some rough times.  Thank you for every kudo, comment, and just plain reading the darn thing.
“Got all dressed up to gaze at the tree alone in the dark, did you?” Tony asked with a raised eyebrow.
“No problem.”
(See the end of the chapter for
. Tony felt a strange sense of shock at the realization; Tyrone was so famous in New York’s business and society scene as something of a timeless lion. His famously blonde-red hair had long since gone white and his posture remained ramrod straight, but his skin was showing the papery thinness of age, lines and creases deep. At Tyrone’s side was a diminutive sub, very attractive, in her mid or late twenties, wearing a modest green sheath dress. (Knee-length, sweetheart neckline.) Even in her heels, she made Tony feel tall. (Huh.)
“Hey, I’m a good boxer!”
“Safeword,” Tony answered promptly, then added (just to be thorough), “And my check-ins are ‘red,’ ‘yellow,’ and ‘green.’”
They stared at each other.  Steve’s chest was heaving.  Tony sighed.
Tony really couldn’t tell if she was joking or not.
He’d started to type ‘no big deal,’ but it was. This was his full contract. It was a big deal. But he wanted Steve to have it.
“Steve, I—” Tony’s voice hitched.  Very gently, he caressed Steve’s face, wiping away the solitary tear.  Tony whispered, “I don’t know what to say.”
“Where’s Cap?” Tony said.
—there had to be some way to make it less horrid for the guy. (Maybe if--)
“Yeah,” Tony said, then added a little wryly, “though it meant I didn’t get Italian food very often.” Tony shook himself.
“Of course not! That would be lovely,” Steve said with an earnest smile. “Did you watch
“So, what, you turned a blind eye?” Cap asked, belligerent again but not bellowing with the rage he’d leveled at Clint.  (Hardly seems fair, but whatever.)
Enjoy!
“No problem. No problem at all!” Tony said, drawing a crisscross over his heart. “As long as the Brooklyn boy doesn’t have a problem with a Manhattanite.”
Tony paid for the team—assuring them it came from the Team Budget—and they started bundling into their winter clothes while Francis brought the car around. Steve sidled over to Tony with that shy little smile of his and said very quietly, “Uh, Tony?”
Tony bit his lip. Behind him, Dummy was wheeling about in little circles still wearing Tony’s bowtie.
Tony reached out to touch the dagger again. Some people would understand, wouldn’t listen to that garbage. He was fine.
“Oh, no, I did,” Steven said with a shrug.  “I just didn’t
Tony grinned and added, “As if Fury could make me change my mind about anything.”
Steve nodded. “Charcoal’s really soft—it’s a very pliant medium—but if you want a drawing to last, you have to treat it. So it was easier to go straight to pencils. I used to go to the Met and do pencil studies of the famous works. Even once we shipped out, I was drawing all the time. Just silly little sketches—you know, of the men or the countryside. Nothing special.”
The swipes of Tony’s tongue were soft but overwhelming on his over-sensitive cock.  Steve shivered and stared.  The sight of Tony’s pink tongue lapping at his come seemed almost to filthy-beautiful to be real.  When Tony eased his fingers slowly from Steve’s body, it left a strange open, empty feeling that filled him with longing.
, all right?)
at it too. . .)
When he got there, Steve was already sitting on the couch, notebook in hand and an extra pencil behind his right ear. When he heard Tony approach, he quickly closed the book and turned to look over the back of the couch.
to come to the Acquisitions meeting.  He hadn’t actually wanted to go—he hated meetings—but he’d volunteered to be
They must have made quite a sight: Tony, naked and spent, on his knees; Steve, big and beautiful and fully clothed, towering above him, stretching Tony’s mouth with his dick.  (Mirrors.  Why didn’t he have mirrors anymore?)
Steve rubbed the back of his neck. His brow was knit, eyes big with worry, though it looked like he was trying to hide it.  (He wasn’t very good at hiding it.)
Tony was so engrossed in the clip, he didn’t notice Rhodey stirring until he spoke:
“I’ll take the subway,” Steve said, “and I borrowed a dolly for the presents. Mr. Thompson—he works in custodial for SI—was very helpful.”
“Great!” Tony said, taking the plate eagerly.
Steve would fit in at Mrs. Rhodes’ place.
(Thank God he hadn’t--)
Their kiss was clumsy, both too eager and frantic for finesse. Steve pressed closer, thigh against Tony’s, but not where he wanted it. Tony pressed up hungrily wanting more, wanting Steve’s cock rubbing hot and heavy against his body, wanting heat and slick and—
Steve shrugged and glanced away.  He gave another little shudder and Tony felt a jolt of worry.  (Top drop?)  Tony climbed into his lap so Steve could fold him in his arms.
“Whatever. Crank it up, okay?”
“Technically, we’re on a couch,” Tony said. He tapped ‘save’ and set his tablet down.
“I know, buddy,” Tony said softly, resting a hand on Steve’s shoulder. “I know.”
“Would you want to be there more?”  Bruce asked.  Bruce took out last night’s curried lentils and put them in the microwave oven.
Edited to add: I forgot to mention that the Sexology portion in this chapter is VERBATIM--the only emendations I made were to change man/woman to Dom/sub and to add the closing sentence to cap the section off.  He goes on at length.  Mind blowing, isn't it?
“What time is it?”
“Sure, Cap. We can call it a day if I wore you out,” Tony said. “So, same time tomorrow?”
(Oh!)
"Thank you, Captain," Ms. Potts said briskly. "I can take it from here."
Sorry for the change; I need it for accuracy and Reasons Later.
room.
Steve just kept nodding along—no sign of concern, damnit.
“Tony, slow down!”
.”  Tony slid his fingers lightly down Steve’s crack. Steve struggled not to rock against the mattress or spread his legs.  (Don’t move.  Be good!)  He gave a sharp little nod.
Steve looked equal measures amused and embarrassed. “I’ve never had a fella before either.”
“Yeah,” Clint said, eager to sound conciliatory.  “And lots of stuff has changed.  Socially and stuff.  I get it—things were different back in the day.  But we’re pals, right?  So, I wanna give you some advice.”
Tony pulled Steve into his arms; Steve let out a long shuddering breath and laid his head on Tony’s chest. Tony stroked his hands gently through Steve’s hair and up and down his spine. Francis started to drive them slowly back to the tower.
As Tony put finishing touches on the altered satellite that now housed the Security Blanket, memories of his morning with Steve kept flashing across his mind.
Steve shifted a little, hips hitching restlessly. He rubbed his cheek against the couch cushion and let out another breathy little sex murmur.
Tony snorted. “You bet. Now, order and email. Oh—and tell Bruce it’s
any of that so, uh, I guess maybe I’m just asking. If there’s anything you’d like? For Valentine’s day?”
Tony reluctantly turned his attention from engineering to fiscal calculations.
“Sir,” Steve said briskly, and saluted. The man turned and his eyebrows shot up in surprise.
“So beautiful,” Steve murmured, easing his fingers free oh-so-gently from the hot clutch of Tony’s body. “So gorgeous.”
Tony shook his head and finished the note with a quick
Tony shrugged and gave a (hopefully) apologetic smile.
“Where do you want it?”
Pepper groaned and smiled down at him.
“I’ve got you, babe,” Tony crooned petting Steve’s hip again.  “You’re so good . . . so perfect . . .”
.” It came out in a half-moan. Steve’s breath caught.
After a few more minutes, Pepper pulled her foot away with a murmured 'thank you.'  Tony scooted closer to curl up against her, his head in her lap.  Pepper carded her fingers through his hair, softly and gently.  Not for the first time, Tony half-wished Pepper could be his Domme.  It was silly, almost childish.  They didn't fit together that way, much as they loved each other, but in these quiet moments (after the arc reactor, his mind whispered) he'd sometimes wished things could be different.
Steve let Tony lead him up to his luxurious shower, kissing softly in the elevator on the way. They’d stripped each other of their sweaty clothes, still kissing, which made it a little awkward. (Steve didn’t want to stop kissing long enough to get his shirt off—it was kind of adorable.) Tony was already hard—had been since the elevator—and he could tell from the way Steve’s gaze lingered between his thighs that Steve liked that. Liked it a lot.
“Sure!”
Tony still didn’t move.
“Yep! Pep needed cheering up.”
“Tonight?” Steve said. “Dinner? At seven?”
“Jump as high as you can, and I’ll catch the shield.  When you’re ready.”
Dominant.”
Tony pictured it again (Beautiful, so beautiful . . .): Steve helpless and thrashing, perfectly able to break free but held in place by Tony’s will and his desire to obey.  Tony frowned.  (Oh fuck.  Maybe that was it?)
(The day was off to a good start.)
Well, that wasn’t entirely true. He’d looked at it the first time around, typing it by hand—compiling it from sample charts in honest-to-God paper books that he’d gotten from the library at MIT in the days before the internet. Thinking like an idiot that if he could give his crush a full, grown-up contract—
Tony wasn’t entirely sure how he’d expected Steve to respond to his outburst, but he
Already drifting off to sleep, Tony heard Rhodey staggering away.
Rogers let out a disgusted noise.  “Aw, come on!  What the heck was that!?”
in T-15.”
Tony downed the rest of his coffee, but it sat uneasily in his stomach. Suddenly, discrete lines of data were shifting and sliding: what if rather than coincidence or correlation, there was
Tony took a deep breath and nodded.
“Before, you were doing it just because I’m a sub—at work and in front of our teammates—and you didn’t have my permission. It was—“
“SHIELD at 9 confirmed?” he asked.
“Fine.” Tony picked up his pizza. “I’ll play around with it for you. With you. But the plan stays in place.”
“You’re really offering yourself to me?” Steve asked ever so softly.
“ ‘C’mon, Tones,” Rhodey mumbled into Tony’s hair, pulling Tony’s arm over his shoulder. “‘Member at MIT?”
The days slid by, one by one.
“You still think you were right,” Steve said stiffly.  His brow knit and his mouth went pinched.
“I see,” Rogers said slowly.  “So, Fury’s making these sorts of demands in addition to requiring that you house the Avengers team?”
“I’d always want you,” Tony whispered.
With that he vanished into the tower.
Steve’s smile widened and he began kissing his way down Tony’s chest. When Steve sucked on his nipples, Tony arched off the bed. Steve held him down with strong hands.
“I know,” Bruce said, holding up one hand. “Later. Ok?”
It didn’t.
“Look, I never actually put a bet in!” Jerry stammered. “Or gave it a try! I’m a happily married man! And it was all Dominick’s idea! He started the whole thing!”
Steve nodded.  He could feel Tony’s hard cock pressed up against him from behind.  He felt desperate and wanton and ready to beg already, even here in the wide echoing expanse of the garage, where he was so horribly exposed.
“I don’t think—“
But as he rambled an apology (and silently rued the greasy state of his hair) Steve started grinning.
“Shall we?” Natasha said, gesturing to the elevator. Tony braced himself.
“I wasn’t around for that, sir,” Rogers said a little coldly. “Iron Man made
“Good. I like to see you blushing for me.”
Tony laughed.  “Take
fine—you could tell me. You know that, right?”
“Hit it, JARVIS!” Tony called and the strains of Devotchka filled the living room. Tony’s mind wandered and he found himself watching his teammates as much as the movie.
Everything felt hot and fluttery.
Steve was still trying to catch his breath, shaking and shuddering, when Tony shuffled down the bed and bent to lick the mess gently from Steve’s cock.
It hurt.  Even after two years, it hurt to hear Bucky’s death mentioned so casually.
Tony distantly registered Rhodey and Cap talking.
He tried not to squint with obvious confusion.
Steve felt a swirling sense of arousal, abandon, and something like embarrassment or even shame but it was a heady rush and he wanted more of it.  (All yours . . . for you, Tony . . . you’re in charge . . . yeah, make me beg . . . )
. Hidden in a barn to keep her from the Nazis. I stayed up with her all night. She was so beautiful and—“ Steve took a rough breath and said thickly, “And there’d been so little time for beauty.”
(Things are good.  We can do this.)
In the chair below him Bruce took a sharp breath and clenched his fist on the table.  Tony laid a hand lightly on his shoulder.  Captain America was watching them both intently, minute frown on his face.
“Shhh,” Tony murmured.  “Don’t move.”
Tony took a long deep breath and sip of coffee. (Where did that come from?) Mmm. Hot and bitter the way he liked it when he was vexed.
“Don’t be shy!” Tony insisted. “Make any changes you want.”
When the doors opened, Tony was surprised to find the lights on and the gym in use. There was a muffled thud-thud-thud noise. Rogers. Tony paused—he could go. Rogers hadn’t seen him. He could get back on the elevator and go straight to bed.
Instead he opened his sketchbook. He frowned at the drawing. (Was that even what a dulcimer looked like?)
“Yes, sir.” She hesitated, seeming to struggle for a moment, then added, “But, I think there might have been a mistake on the tip field. It was, uh—“
Tony took Steve’s hand and kissed it; his chest felt warm and tight with tenderness.
“Nat and I were talking about it—she wants burgers from Freddie’s. Those canapés aren’t really food, you know? Late night burgers and
“Ok.  Just, I know that it looked bad--” Tony said.  “That most subs don’t--”. He waved a hand vaguely.
“Coffee?”
He’d expected it to help put Steve at ease, but it seemed to have done the opposite. Steve was frowning as he took a seat across from Tony. (Shit!)
bring you a snack.”
“Ugh,” Clint said. “Okay, if you two are going to nerd out over retro sci-fi, I’m calling it a night.”
“You know that would never work in real life, right?” Bruce asked, voice going a little shrill.
. Maybe he doesn’t even want to--)
Tony shot another repulsor beam off Cap’s shield, stunning three spiders at once. A set of agents moved in for the kill.
it all was. As Tony gave Steve a sweet answering smile, it sent a thrill racing through Tony’s veins to think this conventional ritual now had a personal history, a special meaning intelligible only to the two of them.
Tony stopped short on the threshold.
Also, if you are ever in Fort Bragg, CA, I highly recommend Piaci Pizzeria.  :-)
After a few minutes Rhodey broke in, “I almost can’t believe it.”  He was shaking his head, still grinning.  “Captain America’s
“With pleasure, sir,” JARVIS said and Tony thought he could detect a hint of approval. “Done.”
“It really is beautiful, Mr. Stark,” he said, gaze appreciative as he looked around the suite.
Steve checked his phone.  “I’ll leave you to it, gentlemen.  Natasha and Clint are back from SHIELD with an update.  And I’d like to show the retiarius to them and see if we can do some trial runs.”
“All right, Avengers,” Steve said. “Let’s fall out.”
“Nope. He dumped them for a promotion over at Morgan Stanley when they pushed out Zuckerman.” Jackie scratched at Tony’s scalp with just the right amount of pressure; it made Tony want to purr. “Theresa worked with Harry once on a big M&A.” Jackie laughed “He’s a Dom with a dick, but she actually doesn’t hate him, so he must be doing something right!”
” again and again until the joke got old, but now all that came out was a soft, “Good night, Steve.”
“—went well, but your focus and follow through needs to be more consistent. Hey!”
he could retreat to the workshop.)
Steve swallowed a lump in his throat.  It took him a moment to force words out: “That . . . that sounds perfect.”
“Sorry, ma’am,” Steve said blankly, expression confused, “What market?”
“Good boy,” Steve crooned.  Tony shivered with pride and pleasure.
“Well, I’m here for the magic touch,” Tony said, taking a seat. “Need to be camera ready and all that.”
(No, it was fine. They could talk through the ground rules, make a short contract, when they got back, it’d be fine. He’d--)
“I love you too,” Steve replied, in the tone of a sacred vow. He gave Tony a chaste kiss; then another slightly less chaste kiss, then pulled away. He ran his fingers through Tony’s hair in a soothing rhythm.
“You’re not subtle, JARVIS,” Tony said with a chuckle.
Tony stroked Steve’s hair, relishing its softness and the little contented humming noise Steve let out.  (Huh.) Tony smiled.  (That didn’t turn out so badly, did it?)
“Would you have dinner with me?”
Tony’s figure.)
“Hello?” Steve said, taking a tiny step forward.
“I know SHIELD got off on the wrong foot with you,” Fury began. Tony snorted and Fury glanced up at him for a moment with a wry look.
“Good boy.”  Tony raised the cup.  “Again.”
“And I pointed out, well, what you said.  You’re committed to the team or you wouldn’t be doing all this. You want a place on the team and you want it to be public; I told him I thought you’d do everything in your power to keep that publicity positive, but you can’t be expected to control the press.  I really just repeated what you said, Mr. Stark.”
“Yes! I’ll make a fresh pot of coffee and we’ll get to it. But this time, we’re working in my workshop, k?”
: Some of the guys who came back from the Great War, like my dad, they drank too much, but they dried themselves out. I saw how hard it was.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
After an hour of tinkering with Dummy in faithful attendance, the tension had eased somewhat from Tony’s shoulders. The Safehouse was fine. His teammates were fine. (Probably.) He doubted anyone had noticed his absence yet, brief as it was, but he’d hate to disappoint Rhodey or Pepper, so he hopped on the elevator.
and set it down before he could change his mind.
“Stark,” Fury said as he entered.  “Fancy seeing you here on time.  Do we have the Captain to thank for that?”
The elevator doors opened and Tony sat up abruptly.
Harris laughed again.  “I wish I could!”  He took another step closer.  “So, Tony, I’d love to chat some more.  How about coffee?”
Tony frowned. He was really curious what had led to Rogers’ revelation about sexual harassment, but it seemed like asking would be rubbing it in. And part of him sort of wanted to ask if Rogers had been serious about the dinner
“Sir?”
, like way more work than anything else and then I was thinking about that night when I told you about myself and then, well, there was this bit at the beginning.  It was . . . it—“ Steve gave up and handed the book over to Tony, pointing to a paragraph on page 48.
When Tony woke up JARVIS was still reading Stark Industries’ Quarterly Report, though he must have been on the thirtieth repetition by then. Tony’d slept for eleven hours.
I meant that literally, babe.  I’m totally hard.  (And remember, since the dawn of time, cock jokes, etc…)  You’re quite distracting.  And your notes are hot.  So—dirty talk?  What’s vague?  Help make it not vague for me, sweetheart.
Steve kissed Tony’s hip bone again, gave Tony’s balls a firm dizzying caress, and then licked a hot wet stripe up Tony’s cock.
“I’ve heard a lot about you from Tony,” Steve said.
(Jesus. Fine, whatever.)
“Hey, JARVIS? Get the poly-aramid stuff back up here. And start the coffee, would ya?”
Steve glanced around the back hallway and took a deep breath. His eyes went wide.
Tony rolled his eyes, but took a seat.
Tony glanced over at Bruce with a tentative smile. Organized religion made them both a little nervous, but Tony knew Mrs. Rhodes didn’t mean to make anybody uncomfortable and, well, everything she said was so earnest and nice Tony would have been kinda sorry to miss it. Bruce smiled back.
Steve chewed his lip, brow furrowed.
“Mr. Stark! Nice to see you,” Rogers said warmly. Tony jolted and hit his head on the underside of the counter.
“Speaking of siblings, how’s your sister doing?”
Thank you so much for reading!
noise Tony’d ever heard. He chose to believe it meant “thank you.”
“Steve, I want to be your dom.  I had no idea how badly I wanted this until you slid to your knees and looked up at me, telling me you want to surrender.  You’re so beautiful, so perfect like this.  I don’t just say that I love seeing you kneeling for me, tied up, desperate, obeying my commands because it’s what a dom should do.  I really love it.”
Tony rolled his eyes and opened his mouth to snap at Rogers, but when he saw Bruce’s nervous, hopeful expression, the carefully set table, he bit back the snide remark.  He just snorted and took a seat.  Rogers beamed.
“I shall do my best, sir.”
and I never thought . . .”
“Sure,” Steven said slowly. “I was a painter before I defeated the dragon; they elected me after that.  And, well, the last two kings had been eaten.”
Tony swallowed.
Things were fine.
Tony panted as Steve pulled away to nip at the mark on his collarbone.
“Thank you, JARVIS.”
“Yay hotdogs!” Tony exclaimed, beckoning Steve into the elevator. Steve gave him a halfhearted smile as they began to descend.
“Tony?” Bruce called.  “Do we have another bottle of red?”
“Good morning,” Steve repeated, then stepped away, adding, “Bet you’d like coffee!”
Tony woke in the workshop with Dummy by his side and a blanket spread across his legs. He looked down, expecting a shattered mess—but no. His scotch glass was on the floor, upright, over by Dummy’s charging station.
“Mmm.  You're so good to me.”
“Also!” Steve added triumphantly, completely ignoring Tony’s little speech.  “George Takei was the only Asian American on television!  It wasn’t that long before that we’d illegally imprisoned our own Japanese citizens, including Takei when he was a child.” Steve waved his hands, his voice getting louder in his excitement.  “And Nichelle Nichols was the only African American actress on television then who wasn’t playing a maid.  Just because I missed the whole Civil Rights Movement doesn’t mean I don’t care about how things happened.  That was a big deal!”
all living together," Katie said.  She shook her head and made a little snort of disapproval.  "We’ll have to be very careful to depict that as barracks-like not something more . . . intimate.” She reached up to push a few stray locks of blonde hair out of her face. “The tabloids will make the usual nasty remarks, but Mikey and I can probably limit any potential spillover into main stream media.”
“Mmm-hmm,” Rhodey muttered. “Not doting at all.”
was.)
Tony frowned at the coffee maker and glanced over at Steve. (Would it wake him up?) Tony grabbed his coffee tin, unplugged the coffee maker and carried it to the bathroom. (No big deal.) As the coffee brewed, perched awkwardly on the toilet tank with the door firmly shut, Tony took a few minutes to wash up. (With a facecloth—he still didn’t like to splash water on his face.)
“Uh-huh.” Pepper was making her unimpressed face. The coffee maker steamed and whirred.
Too soon—far too soon—Steve pulled back. He pressed light, wet kisses to Tony’s lips, his cheek, his forehead, then dropped lower to Tony’s exposed throat. Tony nearly whimpered, half-thrilled and half-embarrassed. A firm hand and a little kissing had never left him so desperate before.
The next few days were hell.
“Cap, I was born ready!” Tony grinned.
“But what if I say something wrong?” he asked. “Or use the wrong terms? Or get the presidents mixed up?”
Time to finish the damn Security Blanket.
“But,” Michael continued, “assuming this timeline, there are several possible approaches.”
“And how’s--” Tony scrambled mentally. (Jason? Joel? Jeremy?) “—your lovely husband?”
“Tony,” he allowed with a smile.
<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
“Has Michael prepped you for this?”
Tony’s cheeks were scalding and his voice was low and breathless; Steve’s eyes were wide and dilated and as he twisted nearer, Tony could feel Steve’s hard on pressing against his hip.
In the car on the way back to the Tower, Steve seemed tense. Angry.  But maybe a little nervous too?  While Clint and Bruce did a reprise of their Eddie Izzard routine, Steve acted like he was focused on them, but he kept darting these little looks at Tony.  It was starting to make Tony nervous.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Pep!” he cried. “You’re early!”
And he knew he should let it go, but somehow Tony couldn’t stop himself from saying, “But you
“Oh, well then,” Tony said. Steve seemed
"Don't be so dramatic," Phillips said with a little huff.  "There's no slavery in Manottan any more than in Eire.  Not for centuries.  And the royal concubines of Manottan are held in high esteem."
Tony felt a sharp twist of sorrow for Steve—at all he’d lost—but also a shameful and unexpected jolt of envy. The summer Tony’d turned seven he’d actually managed to make friends with the new maid’s daughter. They’d climbed trees and played hide-and-seek all over the grounds for three glorious weeks.  She’d been enraptured with the robot Tony made for her birthday. But Howard didn’t approve of a Stark being friends with the help. He’d offered to pay for daycare and little Sarah never came back.
“Riddles,” Steven said with another shrug.  “Dragons love riddles. And they take oaths very seriously.  I talked her into a battle of the mind; and if I won, she’d cease to ravage our land and instead protect us from invaders.  She’s welcome to eat any invading armies that may come to our shores.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Remind me why I’m letting you stay with me?” Tony grumbled.
Well.  If Steve’s kissing had been anything to go by, he sure as shit hadn’t changed his mind. He’d seemed pretty riled. And, hey, maybe he had exciting plans for tonight?
Steve could feel a trickle of water easing down his throat (relaxed, open), but he swallowed half-way through his tiny mouthful.  (It
And thank you for being such wonderful readers!  Your supportive words, shared responses, and thoughtful comments mean the world to me. This story has been a labor of love and healing for me, and it has brought me true joy to share it with you.  Your kindness keeps me going!  Ever onward!  Thanks for reading.  (And now back to the grindstone on RL work.  Ouph.)
Steve tried not let his relief show.
with Spock. (Tony felt smug on her behalf.) Steve chuckled; Tony smiled, pressed a kiss to Steve’s knee, and kept kneading his arches.
Clint gestured sharply for him to get to the fucking point.
“You really don’t need to worry about that, Cap,” Tony answered with a laugh. “Everybody uses them, but hardly anybody knows how they work. You’re not behind the curve there, Big Guy.”
enjoyable shower, he went for a long run and then felt a little silly when he needed another shower.  Clean once more, he changed and settled in his living room.  Though eager to work on the spreadsheet some more, he resisted the temptation.  Instead, he turned his attention to writing up his performance report and tactical analysis of their encounter with the Columbia University robots (or as Tony called them, Grad Student Doom-and-Gloom Bots).
“It’s not like I’m unfamiliar with that problem.” Tony shrugged. “I thought if he had a friendly face and a comfy couch he might nod off while he tried to work. I’ve done it myself often enough.”
And Tony’d had a lot of time to think on his flight, so he knew what he needed to do.  (
“So,” Tony said, unable to resist a minute longer.  “What did Fury say to you?”
“Mr. Stark?”
Tony tuned him out.  It hardly mattered. He was here now. (And if it was miserable, he had contingency plans for escape.)  He wrapped himself in a heavy fur cloak and emerged once more.
“How’s the round-up?” Tony asked.
Steve drew back to look at him, brow furrowed with concern. Then he smiled.
“Thank you.”  She toyed with her coffee cup, then said, “So . . . ”  Rebecca leaned a little closer to Steve and Tony and continued, “I hope you don’t mind my asking--how did you two get together?”
“Fine, I guess SI’s
“You’re gorgeous,” Steve told him, rubbing his cheek against Tony’s.  “God, Tony, you’re so beautiful.”
Tony nodded.  “Yeah,” he whispered softly.  “We’re good.”
“At least,” Tony hurried on, “I think it will be good.  I mean, I think you’ll like it, but if you don’t we can go wherever you want!  I don’t—“
Steve said it quietly, with a shy little smile.
Rogers expression softened a little as he replied, “Mr. Stark, I wouldn’t dream of it.”
“Do you want to come?” Tony asked, voice rough.  “Are you asking permission?”
(Shit.  You’re supposed to be getting information, not making accusations.  What is it Pepper says?  Open ended questions?)
Steve cleared his throat and answered, “No, of course not.”  He slid the pancake onto a plate, then added, “I was thinking about you.”
“I thought he was Captain Self-Righteous Rogers, Pain in the Ass, which was the only good thing about him?”
(Okay. Cuniff formula.)
“It’s not just about Tony,” Cap insisted.  “Not everybody is as well-equipped as Tony is to cope.”
Steve kneeded his ass, pushing rough fingers against his crack through his trousers for a moment before ripping his pants open and touching bare flesh.
“Darling, it was
Steve looked perfect and was fiddling nervously with his cuffs. He wore a plain white collared shirt with a subtle grey stripe, modern but not aggressively so. (Katie had proposed Steve appear in uniform, but he’d put his foot down—Clint and Nat weren’t going in their cat suits, Tony wasn’t wearing the armor, and what would Bruce wear? A lab coat? Tony’d backed Steve up vociferously.)
“Oh, okay. Good.”
Tony tried to push aside the inevitable post-mortem of their scene, knew he’d dissect it minute by minute, move by move, he’d figure it out, but right now Steve needed him.  He kept his left arm firmly around Steve’s shoulders, a steady pressure he hoped would anchor him, and continued stroking Steve’s hair, his cheek, neck, shoulders, back—any bared bits of Steve easily in reach that he could run his fingers over in a caress he hoped was comforting.
“Please don’t apologize,” Steve said. The slightest pause, then, “I’m glad Jim’s met someone special.”
“Hey, J, meet Bruce.”
is it time?” Clint cut in.
“Don’t worry, Legolas!” Tony cut in. “I got you something. And it’s
Tony looked up.
“Yours! All yours, Steve.”
Better go change too. Maybe the green button down? With the heather grey sweater? No, no; too dressy. It was just a team outing for beer and burgers. Jeans and a Stark Industries sweatshirt?
“So, to answer your question,” Steve said quietly. He tipped Tony’s head up with a gentle finger under his chin and looked down with a sad smile. “When there’s still war and poverty and cruelty . . . even if God minds, I don’t think what we get up to in bed is gonna rank too high on His list. Or mine neither—whether the Church says it’s technically a sin or not.”
enough.  Tony kissed him hard and fast, then took Steve’s aching erection in hand.  Steve arched off the bed as Tony thrust his fingers in time to the firm strokes on his cock.  One, two, three—Steve cried out and went rigid.  He saw stars as he spurted across his stomach in a hot rush of glorious pleasure,  Tony stroking and finger fucking him through wave after wave.
Tony let out a shuddering breath and gave a tight nod.  Steve held back the covers and pulled Tony into his arms.  (Usually Tony was big spoon, but not right now…)
On the speakers, The Stars gave way to the rough tones of Edith Piaf; Steve reached out to rest his hand on Tony’s knee under the table.  His smile turned a little shy, but he didn’t move.  Tony reached down to cover Steve’s hand with his own, caressing it lightly with his thumb.  Steve was just smiling at him, gazing into his eyes, earnest and loving and Tony suddenly found it hard to breath.  Steve turned his palm up and laced their fingers together.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
“Hey, JARVIS? Where’s Steve?”
Steve nodded, then added a quiet: “Please.”
“Got it,” Tony said, not bothering to explain what he’d meant. JARVIS was way smarter than the StarkSafe and would be monitoring him the whole time from his cell phone, so it was kinda doubling up, but whatever.
Tony gave a brisk nod, shook out his shoulders and relaxed into fighting stance.
“Shit,” Tony said, stumbling out of bed, heart hammering in his chest.
“I’m at fourteen!” Tony crowed.  “What’s your count, Legolas?”
Tony grinned inwardly. He could probably talk Deetz into another ten million for the Submissive Rights Organization on the dance floor. He’d always liked Deetz. And the man had a deft hand with a single tail.
“Mmm-hmm,” Tony murmured and made grabby hands for her mug. She ruffled his hair and handed her coffee over with an indulgent smile.
“Er, though,” Tony said, feeling awkward, “you’ve maybe already been.”
Tony dropped his gaze and bared his throat.  “I’d be delighted,” he whispered.
“Ah!”
(Shit!) That was definitely sorrow; Steve’s whole body seemed to deflate at the word
Rhodey. It--”
“Hey,” Tony said, trying not to sound disappointed.
Tony stayed up all night working on projects often enough, but a night of hateful inactivity, staring at Steve and thinking that—  Tony cut off that line of thought.  (Yeah.  See?  Feelings—exhausting!)   Even after Steve’s reassurances that the scene hadn’t gone terribly wrong, that the crying had been a good thing in fact, Tony couldn’t sleep.  There was too much to think about.  So, he wasn’t hiding in the workshop; he was processing.
(Don’t overthink it if it feels good. And everything was good and he wanted
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony strode down the hall, practically breathing fire. Harris didn’t follow.  Tony took vicious satisfaction in the way a pair of junior agents jumped nervously out of his way.
(Nope. That wasn’t it either.)
Tony had the distinct impression that Bruce was fibbing. It was the kind of thing he’d said to Pepper so very often (well, not the meditating part, obviously), but there was no point trying to call Bruce out on it.
“Agent Barton is most insistent,” JARVIS said. “He asks when movie night will begin and if he is permitted to select the film.”
“Shhh, baby,” Tony said.  “Hush.”
(Fuck!)
, no visiting the workshop, and now no brunch?” Tony gestured. “No church either, by the looks of it.”
Steve paused for a moment, then ticked the box for ‘curious’ under to “blindfolds.”  He added another note.
Steve smiled. “With pleasure.”
“Holy shit! “The Punisher”? Tony, wow!” He turned to the others and explained with excitement, as he wiped his fingers on his shirt, “It’s a really rare one—1974 and this one’s in great condition too! Where did you--?” As Clint lifted it out of the box, he caught sight of the one beneath and fell silent, mouth slightly agape. “
“So, uh, speaking of unit cohesion,” Rhodey began awkwardly. “You know I’ve been hanging out with Steve, right?”
Natasha sighed.  There was no point trying to explain to Tony that growing up in that kind of poverty meant you’d never feel secure, no matter the nest egg.
“Wrists, please,” Steve said and Tony complied eagerly.
“No. No, I was just wondering.”
“No.”  Tony snorted.  “Hell no.”
Steve was standing with a frown, halfway to the elevator; Tony sidled up to him.
Tony grabbed his hip and squeezed
(Ugh.)  Tony hesitated.  “Sure.  Yeah, sure thing.”
—but he’d just stammered something he hoped was polite, then fled.  Or kept fighting.  He’d never reacted like that.  It was weird.
“Great,” Tony said. And he shouldn’t hesitate, but he couldn’t just--
“Yeah?” Steve asked, voice low and deep.
At nine am the next morning, Tony padded into the communal kitchen, still in his pajamas. Clint and Natasha were talking quietly and picking at some cantaloupe, while Bruce stood by the toaster.
“Captain, it really is crucial that we introduce the idea of the Avengers and your survival first,” Carmichael said. “It’s big news and, to be frank, it will be entirely good press, which will help us get a baseline of support before introducing Mr. Stark’s more . . . controversial presence.”
Steve shivered.  It seemed like it had gotten chilly in his living room.  He reached out to pour himself a cup of tea—something soothing, something to ease the strange twisting in his guts—but the tea had gone cold.  He took a sip anyway; it was over-steeped now and tasted bitter.
“Dummy, You-- get that crate open. JARVIS, start up Diagnostic 291-299. I want War Machine's latest specs and diagrams on screens one through three, and I want the Mark XI's on screens four to six. And, JARVIS? Gimmie the Stones. Loud.”
“Good! It’s nice to see him more. He’s been a good friend to me.”
Steve gave a little shiver and set the dildo on the bed. He fetched a glass of water and hovered awkwardly for a moment, feeling torn.
Thanks for reading!
“There’s coffee,” Rogers added.  Tony shook his head.  Rogers looked a little amused. “So, up late not early, I take it.”  Tony nodded and Rogers looked vaguely pleased.  “Yeah, didn’t have you figured for a morning person.”
Tony shrugged. “Good movie. No objections here.”
“Who said I was thinking of Nat?”
(Thank you. For what you said to the press.)
Steve nodded. “This morning.” Tony bit his lip. (Shit! Did I tune him out and--) “He asked me to say goodbye; he hated to interrupt you when you were in the zone.” Steve gave him a kind of guilty look and pushed the plate of sandwiches closer. “Anyway, um, why don't you eat a few of these and I'll just, uh, leave you to it?”
(Awkward. It was getting awkward, right? Shit. Say something. Come on, say something, stupid.)
“Well,” Rogers said, straightening.  “I should let you get back to work and go rejoin the others.  I bet Bruce is making them wait for me.”
And with that, Steve’s resolve caved. He wrapped a hand around his cock and kept sucking the fake dick as he called up memories and fantasies of Tony.
Steve nipped at his mark again and started kissing a trail down Tony’s chest to his hip until he was kneeling at Tony’s feet. Tony blinked.
“Yes! Yes, of course!  Steve,” Tony said, floundering and tripping.  (Shit!)  “I meant to *you.*  I mean, now that we’re together.  No, of course, I wouldn’t, someone else.  Not when we’re . . . I mean, I assume we’re, ah, exclusive.”
“We used to call it shellshock,” he continues quietly. “Or combat fatigue. People didn’t talk about it--or only in a whisper.” The Captain falls silent.
(Focus.)
Tony curled back up in bed and before too long, surprisingly enough, fell asleep.
Thanks for reading!  Really hope this chapter worked for you--it was harder to write than I expected!  Comments are cherished and adored!  Any favorite bits?  Curiosities? Musings?
On the ride back to the Tower, Tony could barely focus on Natasha and Clint’s amiable chatter. All he could think about were Steve’s ardent kisses. The pressure of his strong hands circling Tony’s wrists. The warmth radiating from his body. The intoxicating smell of his skin. (Don’t blush!)
“Argh!” Clint cut in. “Gah, you two are ridiculous.”
Steve just gasped and twitched, he couldn’t seem to answer.  He was burning, his heart was pounding, he--
Steve was smiling.
That was Tony’s first thought as he drifted up into consciousness. He smiled as he blinked himself awake.
Tony let out a long sigh.
“How you doin’, babe?” Tony asked softly, looking up at him with a smile.
(Maybe a parachute? Could such a mundane solution work?)
who came to the workshop, not quite able to believe tonight’s dinner with Tony could really be a date.
(Copper! Maybe if—huh, wait?)
CW: discussions of ableism
Up in the kitchen, they threw together a heap of sandwiches and dug in, devouring them in companionable silence. Clint grabbed his tablet; Tony checked messages on his phone.
“Appointment?” Tony repeated. “What appointment? We haven’t got anything with SHIELD for almost a week. Unless they’re bringing you in for special solo meetings which, depending on their reasons, might be a crappy thing to do and—“
“Wow,” Steve breathed, their faces still close together. He ran his thumb over Tony’s cheekbone again, then took a little step back.
He fled, taking refuge on the balcony.
Rhodey clapped him (lightly) on the shoulder and took his leave. “See you soon!”
“I’m honored to be your Dominant,” Steve said solemnly.
They laid quietly for a few moments, limbs twined around each other just as before, but something uneasy and unhappy was unfurling inside Tony, making his chest feel tight, his  stomach heavy.
“Good.” Tony considered leaving it at that, but found himself elaborating because, well, it’s
Clint snorted. “Seriously?
“Are you two doing that thing again?” Tony asked. “Because I seriously love it when you fight over me, but it would be even better if you could wrestle right in front of me. Preferably in skimpy little outfits. Or maybe—“
apologize for being himself with Pepper.
“Didn’t think you were,” Natasha said, with an unconcerned little shrug.  “But the associations are there all the same.”
(I’m fine.)
Steve swallowed thickly and looked down at the table for a moment before meeting Tony with a clear, steady gaze: “He said our relationship might draw my role on the Avengers—my ability to serve my country—into doubt and I should consider it carefully.”
exactly. Shit. If an SI employee had done that, Pepper would have thrown the book at him or her ages ago!  Strangely, though, Tony hadn’t
“—hate that you expect the worst,” Rhodey was saying. Steve couldn’t hear Tony’s mumbled reply before Rhodey continued, “that’s such bullshit, man!”
Bruce blinked. “Ah, am I interrupting?”
Steve fell silent, awkward and flustered. (Stupid, that’s stupid.)  He focused on the feeling of Tony’s hand against his cheek, the warm body against his--though, sadly through pajamas.
“Yeah, no worries,” Clint said. “Only take a minute—I’ll ride the elevator with you.”
Rogers stared at the proffered glass, looking a little bewildered, a little startled, and still a little worried. Tony waved the glass at him. “Go on. Go on, Rogers—
Steve leaned forward and gestured, putting on a subtle Italian accent—not the heavy exaggeration of comedy, but a careful, affectionate imitation—as he said: “You grow up on bad Irish food, and look! You’re skin and bones, Stephano! Lasagna! Carbonara! We fix you up. Take, take, but don’t tell Anna!”
“It's late. Let's get to bed.”
“Pfft.”  Tony waved his hand dismissively.  “Not that tired.”
Once Tony was sure damage control was a success, he steered Rogers toward the bar. Cap had seemed pretty surprised to have Tony on his arm and watch him schmooze, but he’d covered it up fast.
Tony’s breath whooshed out too sudden and too much, leaving him breathless like he’d been punched.
a) sometimes
“What you did was incredibly brave . . . .” Her words came slowly and Tony could feel himself starting to float ever so slightly. “I know you’ll scoff, Tony, but it was heroic. Truly heroic . . . You saved a lot of people’s lives. I’m proud of you . . . so proud to have you as my friend.”
Hand in hand, they headed for the elevator.
“I’ll read it right away, Commander.” Tony gave a little salute.
“How’s the suit?” Tony asked Natasha.
“Actually, forget this whole thing. I should just make him armor. I’m hella better at welding than I am at this needle-and-thread bullshit.”
Steve opened his mouth, then shut it with a frown and asked, having clearly changed his mind: “So, what did Fury say to you?”
Tony’d never met a more ardent liberationist.  Tony sometimes suspected that Isaac despised his fellow Doms on principal, or at least mistrusted them.  (After what had happened to his baby sister, though, Tony could hardly blame him . . . Isaac had left Goldman Sachs for the Foundation two days after her funeral.)   Over the years Tony’d felt the occasional pang of regret that Isaac, like Rhodey, only dated women.
His heart sped a little and there was a hint of a tingle in his cheeks as he opened the wine and set it on the coffee table to breathe.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Rogers added over his shoulder, “And since I know how much SHIELD Agents pride themselves on efficiency, you might want to start packing now. Because the direction I’m walking is to Fury’s office.”
“Pepper, that’s—“
(Oh, for fuck’s sake.)
“Yeah?”
“So,” Tony said, “we’re going to repair to the luxury of Stark Tower and get out of this shit hole.”  And he couldn’t resist adding, with a sweet smile, “Bruce has kindly accepted my invitation to move in.”
(See the end of the chapter for
—knees, a hand at the small of his back, to cradle Tony to his chest. Tony smelled terrible. He didn’t put an arm around Steve’s shoulder; it made him harder to carry. But he was light—so much lighter than Steve would have expected.
“Tony,” Steve said doubtfully, “we don’t have to do it at all. It doesn’t matter.”
Once Tony was sitting, Steve used the leads at Tony’s wrists to pull his hands behind his back. He rubbed his cheek against Tony’s again and nipped at Tony’s throat. Tony’s heart sped.
Hope you liked it!  Comments are cherished!
“No!” Steve said, grabbing Tony’s wrist. He took a deep breath and shook his head, letting go of Tony abruptly. “Sorry. Just, it’s too cold out. It’s fine. We’re fine here.”
"So righteous," Tony mocked, "so honorable."
and totally despised DC.
“Are you sure you’re all right?” Tony asked again, words muffled against Steve’s bare chest.
“Well whose fault was that?” Tony asked. “Glad to see this time you’ve arrived at a sensible hour, so I’m not about to dash out the door.”
“Rhodey!” Tony cried into the voicemail. “Merry Christmas! I know you’re not picking up because you’re busy with your family, but merry Christmas to you and them. Hope you’re having fun! Call me later.”
“Can I help you with that?”  Steve asked, hurrying forward.
Tony nodded.  At that point Bruce, who’d been scowling for the last few minutes, cut in.
“I was doing the reading you gave me and it just—“  Steve paused then started again.  “I was skimming through the later sections and it was all about how careful the, um,
“NONE SHALL DEFEAT MY SPIDER WARRIORS!!!  DESPAIR, PUNY MORTALS!”
Steve knew that Phillips was playing him like a fiddle, but it was still working and he resented it all the more.
Steve spun at the sound of Tony’s voice, dark and scathing, right behind him.
Tony took another bitter sip of coffee.
The AI complied silently while Steve scrambled to get out of his clothes and dropped back to his knees in front of Tony. He was already breathing heavily.  Tony looked at him with a pensive expression, then pointed.
(Huh.)
Chapter is short but speedy!  All gratitude and praise to the magical thatwhichyeilds!
“So, we’ve got some time to kill,” Bruce said briskly, shields on high.  “Shall we work on the data?”
(Ugh.)
“He shouldn’t have to!” Steve cried, waving a hand angrily.
Tony nodded as Bugs Bunny filled the massive TV screen.
Tony faltered under the man’s disapproving gaze. “I—uh, I—“
“Tony . . .”
Steve’s arms opened a little and Tony pressed close; they stood clinging to each other.  The body armor was still cold from outside, hard and unyielding, but Tony didn’t care as he nearly sagged with relief.
“No the food is hot,” Clint said with a cockney accent. “You’ll need a tray to put the food on. . .”
There was already coffee in the coffee pot. Tony poured himself a mug and opened the refrigerator to find it rather bare. (Unsurprisingly, the team had demolished their Thanksgiving provisions.) To his left, Steve set down his coffee and grabbed a pencil, scribbling away.
“Pepper-pie! Good, great, fine--what’s up?”
“All right, Mr. Stark,” Rogers said politely.  He didn’t look very disappointed, which was good, but a little odd, right?  Didn’t he want Tony to say yes?  He almost looked like he was smiling very slightly, which couldn’t be right.  After a pause hardly long enough for Tony to be be confused, Rogers followed up with, “You designed those floating projection screens, right?”
“I know there isn’t a lot of trust between us, but I hope there are some things you don’t doubt, Stark.”
“Sometimes this shit happens, man.”
“Wait, I’m sorry,” Roger said.  “You mean that isn’t the common area?”
Steve shook his head.
“I know.” Steve caressed his hair and kissed him on the forehead again. “I know that. It's okay.”
“The thought of you on the subway with a custodial dolly is breaking my heart and making my cars sob.”
(Thank you . . . God, I love you . . .)
have to be the one to pick out
Tony spent a week in the workshop nonstop finishing up the arc reactor for the tower, then gave the suit a new paint job for good measure.  Only Pepper came down, just to ensure he got regular feedings.  She used her befuddling combination of “I’m a Mistress obey me” voice and the “I’m a fellow sub who wants to nurture you” voice. (Not all switches could pull off both so effortlessly.  It was a real feat.)
Yeah, time to go in.
“You sure you don’t want to stay for breakfast?” she asked when he emerged once more wearing his sumptuous tux. Tony shook his head a little regretfully—he was eager to get home.
&&&&&&&
“Well, as I think you know, Clint—no, sorry--
Jake walked away and Steve turned to Tony with a smile.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Sir,” JARVIS said through the HUD, “may I remind you that energy reserves are growing low.” It should have been a question; JARVIS made it a statement.
Tony watched the white cliffs rise up on the horizon. If he weren’t so bitter about being sent to the ends of the earth, he’d probably find the sight beautiful.
Steve looked a little bewildered as he continued, “Things have changed so much and I don’t always know—“ Steve shrugged.  “I’m old fashioned.  I want you to be my fella, just mine, and not go with anyone else.”  He kissed Tony’s hand and added, “And, I don’t want anyone else.  Just you.”  Steve shrugged.
it, but he wasn’t half as bad at the business side of Stark Industries as some people assumed he was. He reviewed the Marketing Department’s proposed campaign for the next StarkTabs. (Pepper agreed wholeheartedly that there weren’t enough subs or POC in the campaign and was planning to have A Word with Jenny to have A Word with the New Guy.)
Tony squirmed a little in his hospital bed. (At least Pep had brought nice sheets—hospital sheets
“Less chatter on the comms!” Rogers barked.  His shield ricochet off the walls, took out five minions and returned to his hand.
“But the longer I was floating, the more I—”  Steve swallowed and his voice dropped.  “Tony, it felt like you were
“Ah, of course,” Harry said, a little downcast. “Have a safe trip home. And, uh—“ Harry fumbled in his pocket. “My card. In case you’d like to get together sometime.”
“I just, I love you so much, Tony,” Steve began, his tone apologetic, his expression pained and oddly helpless.  Tony’s heart clenched.
“Yeah, good night, guys,” Clint said, gathering his comics with great care. “And Tony? Thanks again. Really, man.”
Domme.”
—said his name, like he was testing it out or savoring it or actually felt honored or privileged or whatever the polite convention said he was supposed to feel.
“. . . . Marcus, so sorry your stock took such a dive. The market can be so fickle . . .”
“Hey!” Tony brought his hand down, giving Steve a sharp smack on the ass.  “None of that!”
“I’m the soul of discretion!” Jackie cried with affront. “But speaking of Captain America, why haven’t I cut his hair yet? And more importantly, why haven’t you set me up with that gorgeous specimen?”
“So,” Tony asked, raising his glass in a wordless toast. “What next?  Marcov or Manelli?”
Tony walked through, then gave Rogers a challenging look over his sunglasses when the man followed.
But it clearly wasn’t ok.  And the wrongness of it left Tony’s stomach twisting and his cheeks heating with (stupid, irrational) shame.  His throat felt tight.
And Steve didn’t sound pissed at all, or even reproachful. (Which kinda made Tony feel worse.)
“Right.” Steve nodded. “I really should have done that already.”
“Holy shit!” Clint called. He took four pictures in rapid succession. “Now there’s a sign of super muscles—just carrying that massive bird is an act of patriotic heroism! Dude, Tony, did you order a dinosaur? Looks like a pterodactyl.”
Tony jumped from his bench at five-thirty, the moment JARVIS said, “Sir, you asked me to remind—“
Tony shrugged and started assembling his sandwiches.
Tony hurried to the elevator, relieved he hadn’t waited.
“Oh.”
“He has, sir.”
Steve clutched at Tony’s hip with his right hand, his fingernails leaving little crescent moons in the skin; his left hand roamed up and down Tony’s thighs, caressing his balls, his ass.
“Thank you, Captain Rogers,” she said, not trying to smile.  She opened the car door.
“Sure, knock yourself out,” Tony said, then slid out from under the engine.  “What’s up?”
Tony’s breath hitched.
“Yeah.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
All it said was “Miss Natalie Rushman” and a phone number in Manhattan.
“Uh, sorry,” Steve said, after a few long moments.  He pulled back to give Tony a weak smile.  “I didn’t mean to be so melodramatic.”
“No, you really can’t.”  Pepper paused.  “Well.  It’s been far too long, Mr. Stark.  Is your schedule clear for lunch tomorrow?  I’ll still be in town.  Shall I have my assistant call your assistant to check?”
. And maybe it’s dumb, but I wanted you to have them.”
“One might argue,” Tony jumped in, “that team banter is a key part of our cooperative dynamics and hence an asset to the Hulk acclimation process.”
Then Steve went back and crossed out everything except “baby” and “sweetheart” then, after a moment’s hesitation, left in “pretty little slut.”
“So much the better!” Pepper cried. “I’ll make popcorn. So, are you in?”
“Huh?” Steve tilted his head quizzically. “In the bathroom?”
“How long have we been at this?” Steve asked.
“Yes!” Tony gasped.
“Anyway, like I said,” Steve repeated, “it’s not much.”
“Oh God,” Steve gasped.
“Tony, it’s *lovely*.”
“Sure,” Tony said, holding back a sigh. (Damn.)
(Didn’t even go under but Steve’s still—no. Stop it.)
(Good. So good, please, please . . .)
“Or you could spread me open with your fingers,” Tony whispered, bringing their bodies together so they were aligned from head to toe.  “Hold me down and fuck me, long and slow or hard and fast.  Fill me up with your gorgeous dick and make me take it.”
Steve’s Dominant’s notch bobbed as he swallowed.
“Yeah. But every joint would be a weak point. What if—“
Pepper rolled her eyes and leaned down to kiss him on the cheek. “Of course I’m happy to see you.”
: Love you too, babe. See you later! Xx
“Bob?”
“That is total and utter bullshit,” Tony said decisively, almost angry.
Part II
Steve took a sip of beer and shrugged. “Guess I’m still intimidated by being here with all the swells.”
Tony nodded and Steve entered, closing the workshop door behind him. They stood staring at each other in silence for long, painful moments.  Steve was still wearing his uniform, but must have left his snowy boots in the boot tray when he came in. He’d changed into his house slippers; they looked ridiculous with his combat uniform.  Any other time Tony might have teased him about it.
“Have you eaten today?” Tony asked, voice still soft.
“Shhh.”  Tony just continued with the teasing caress.  Steve’s hands fisted helplessly in the sheets.  He pressed his burning cheek against the mattress and struggled to keep control.  (Don’t cry . . . don’t . . .) A strangled little noise escaped his throat.
of them.
Steve thrust once, twice, thrice, then arched and went still. Tony felt the hot rush of come inside him, filthy and glorious and
As they made their way to the balcony, Tony thought vaguely in the back of his mind about how exactly to frame his offer. Flirt a little, then maybe try a direct suggestion: “Let’s go home together, but not until the end of the evening and do let’s be discrete, yes? Now, come meet Ms. Potts.”
As he plucked another beer from the fridge, Tony thought of the warmth of Steve’s leg pressed against his cheek, the satisfying weight of Steve’s hand in his hair, stroking his neck. Tony felt the first tingling of a blush on his cheeks. (The others would see . . .) He bit his lip. (He’d already knelt with Pepper!) Tony grabbed an extra slice of pizza and sauntered to the living room.
“Jackie! Always a pleasure, dear.”
“What?”
“Bruce? Tony?” Steve called from the front porch, a dish towel thrown over his shoulder. “You two wanna come in? Dinner’s almost ready.”
The sad expression on the professor’s face was answer enough.
“You’ll probably only get a couple of questions where this stuff might come up anyway. Like Mikie said, they’ll probably ask you about procedural stuff, our training, and your impressions of the 21
Tony laughed.
, but someone)-- to laugh in his face, remind him they'd wanted to make him
Steve looked maybe a little relieved as he answered, “He could probably be persuaded.”
“See?” Steve said, gesturing emphatically to Clint.
Nat rolled her eyes. “Not the actual mission—the artist? And the monkey?”
with him, but whatever.”
, the one Steve desperately wanted to preserve on canvas.  Steve’s cock throbbed, hot and heavy between his legs as he moved.  On a sudden instinct that made him blush with shame-pleasure-embarrassment, Steve dropped lower to the floor, crossed his hands behind his back, and kissed Tony’s foot.  Tony let out a startled gasp  Steve turned his head to rub his cheek against Tony’s foot, nuzzling against it and breathing heavily.  Tony moaned.
Tony threw back his head and laughed.
“Football championship. Don’t think they had it yet in your day.”
“I’ll say this for Thanksgiving at the Tower,” Mrs. Rhodes said, “It sure is nice to have enough ovens! It’s always a pain with just one. And considering the bird you got?! Well, I’d have had to make all the pies yesterday.” She chuckled. “Captain Rogers is a fair hand in the kitchen, to my surprise—I’ll give him that—but left to his own devices I fear we’d have been eating that bird of yours at midnight. Good thing I was here.”
geared towards monogamy and a perfect 5 on the Kinsey Switch Scale.  If she were a Domme, the monogamy would have been fine with Tony.  If she were at all poly, subbing
Steve grinned. “Deal,” he said, with a brisk nod and turned to go. “See you soon!” he called over his shoulder.
(Oh!  Oh fuck.)
Second Edition
Tony swallowed thickly. “I told Steve to ask me on a date. And he did. And I said yes.”
Thank you so much for your patience!  I've been looking forward to sharing this with you and really hope you liked this. Uh . . . I promise they will talk.  Really!  Thanks for reading!
Little by little, the kisses slowed and they slumped against each other, taking long, deep breaths.
“So, uh, sorry I’m late?” Tony grabbed his tray and headed for the couch. “Anyway, come on,
“He’s—”  Tony fumbled around for words.  “He’s so . . .
Love. Friendship. Hope.
“Great!” Tony grinned. “JARVIS, order my usual everything and then some from Park Chop Suey.”
“Yeah?”
“Bullshit.”  Tony climbed onto his stood and leaned close to the screen, peering at Rhodey’s face.  He rolled his eyes.
—“ Tony started to shift his hips, then stilled. “I’ll be so good for you.”
and I won’t have the shitty third movie sullying the memory of T-2’s epic awesomeness.”
“Adding Stark will be controversial,” Fury countered.
Tony took another sip of coffee and tried not to sigh audibly with impatience. They’d been at it for hours. (After their talk, Tony’d had a satisfying cuddle with Steve, until eventually Bruce pinged him through JARVIS. As Steve had set out for his run, he'd added tantalizingly, “Besides—I should go. I’ve got shopping to do. And a research project I’m eager to start . . . .”)
“I could have the flu?” Rogers suggested hopefully. Tony laughed.
“Yeah,” Tony said, trying to keep everything casual, normal. (It
“Chill, it’s fine,” Tony said, scooping some of it onto his fork.  “Sorry my table manners aren’t up to old fashioned standards.”  He shoveled a bite into his mouth—
“Absolutely.”
(Huh?)
“I’m here to get the pizza and stuff set up.”
like Bruce.  If he were lucky, maybe the Doms of SHEILD wouldn’t want to hang out in the common area very much.
Tony turned to him with tired eyes and a hesitant (or sad?) little smile. Tony took a breath, as if to say something, then just sighed. He reached up to caress Steve's cheek lightly with his knuckles, but it looked slow and clumsy, as if just lifting his arm required all his strength. (Tony needs rest! Get moving, Rogers.)
They both fell silent, then started again.
“Oh God, Tony,” Steve murmured, reaching out to caress Tony urgently through his clothes.  He pressed hot, open-mouthed kisses to Tony’s cheek and neck, rutting against him eagerly.  Tony’s eyes fluttered open; he gave Steve a lazy, sleepy smile and rolled his hips again.  Steve threw his head back and Tony nipped at his neck.  Everything felt so good.  He wanted to make Tony feel good.  He wanted Tony to push him down his body, tell him what to do.  Or maybe he should beg for it?  Beg to suck Tony’s cock?
“Wow. They have penne all'arrabbiata,” he told Tony. Tony laughed as Bruce launched into Eddie Izzard’s ‘Death Star Canteen’ routine and Clint joined in. Natasha watched with an indulgent smile.
Tony reached down and slipped his pinky under the belt binding Steve’s hands.  He let out a little humming noise of approval and then there was a firm pressure at Steve’s neck and Tony’s hand curled tight around his shoulder.  Steve felt a sharp jolt, part-pleasure and part-anxiety, as he was unbalanced.  Tony bent him over, pushed him down face first.  Tony held Steve there--  his cheek pressed into the cushion, his ass and bound hands high in the air. Steve’s heart was pounding.
Fidget, stop, parade rest.
“Yes!” Tony cried, relieved to find that he and Bruce were on the same wavelength.  “But that would mean that we’re not just dealing with an unknown energy source, but one generated from a space with radically different rules of electromagnetic radiation.”
“Probably too soon to point out I was right, huh?”
,” Tony told her roughly, hating himself a little for wanting to explain.
As the doors opened on the common room, Clint and Natasha were walking over to the couch, carrying large, steaming bowls.
Tony jerked and pulled against the ropes; he tossed his head back.
The silence lingered and Rogers looked more and more miserable with each passing second, so Tony finally just blurted: “Yeah, okay. Cool.”
“Yours?”  She nodded and Steve grinned.  “Wouldn’t miss it.”
“Tony! Tony, what are you doing!?” Bruce asked again, but from the tone of his voice Tony was pretty sure he was starting to suspect.
is good enough for you in Pepper’s eyes.  Not even Captain-fuckin’-America.”
“Uh, nope,” Tony said around his mouthful of éclair.  “Answer’s still no, Cap.”
("Oh, and by the way, gentlemen, my safeword is 'safeword,' but I guess you knew that. *Everybody* knows that.")
“Oh, you know,” Tony said, with theatrically affected cool, “There’s this fella I’m sweet on. Gotta make a good impression.”
and you are in New York City, sir.”
“Wouldn’t you like to stay?” Tony’d meant to fill the words with lush sexual promise (or he thought he’d meant to), but instead it came out uncertain.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“As a submissive approaches their limits, a skilled dominant watches them closely.  The submissive will typically become increasingly tense.  Their breathing will become tighter and more labored. Their muscles will grow more rigid.  A good dominant backs of before the submissive calls their safeword.” (53-4).
“Pepper
“Sorry.”
Tony shrugged. “Fine.”
“Everybody got a drink?” Tony called from the kitchen.
“Just set him in bed, please, Captain,” Potts asked, heading for the bathroom.
Tony nodded and licked his lips.
For seventeen days, Tony’d let it slide-- (Shocking, right?)—because, well, Rogers clearly wasn’t trying to be a dick.  But it was still fucking annoying, so Tony’d done what he did so often: rolled his eyes, frowned, sighed, snorted.  When Rogers couldn’t take a fucking hint, Tony had upgraded to explicit verbal snarking:
Bathed, groomed, and naked, Tony studied his reflection. He looked good: his shoulders and arms were nicely toned, but not bulging; his legs were strong and muscular (apart from his soft, fleshy inner thighs); his stomach was still (basically) flat and his hairless chest had good definition (interrupted by the arc reactor). He stepped closer to the mirror.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
and the serum had just brought out what was already there.  He became the perfect Dom because he always had been the perfect Dom.
It didn’t matter, though—he still knew Steve was
(Jesus, fuck, this was fun!)
“Put them on me?” Tony asked.
“Okay. Shit.”
, so he needed all the details to be in order.
(He could fix this.  He had to fix this.)
(Okay.  After the movie.  We’ll talk then.)
Sorry for the long wait, everybody!  On the upside, it's about 3 times longer than my usual chapters.  Hope you like it!
Steve sat down on the couch with his back against a mountain of cushions so he was sitting far forward, leaving lots of room for Tony to lean against his legs.
“I’ll just carry these, shall I, buttercup?”  Tony asked, holding up their drinks with a little smirk.
Tony snorted.  “Hey, JARVIS?” Tony called, walking to the elevator.  “When did Banner become the new Pepper?”
The team nodded and made their way out of the (bland, colorless) conference room to head for the (deplorable, depressing) cafeteria.
“I dunno.  It wasn’t any of those things, I don’t think.” Steve squirmed.
“Yeah, yeah,” Rhodey said. “Fuckin’ paparazzi.”He rolled his eyes, but didn’t look especially annoyed. Not entirely anyway. Tony nearly snorted. (Just wait, Rhodey-bear. It’ll get old soon . . .)
Steve smiled and reached out to take Tony’s hand.  “Tony?  May I take you on a date this evening?”
“Tell Steve I’m going to try and learn to make myself an omelet and he should come join me. If I succeed, I’ll feed him; if I fail, he can save me from myself and put out the flames.”
(Oh God.)
, all right?!”  He set the dishes down a little too hard on the counter and then took a deep breath.
you should have gone back to battle reports and training modules right after rounding up the last stray aliens.
“Pardon?”  Rogers stopped and looked at Tony, perplexed.  “Common areas?”
. I ask for your number.”
That had humiliated him and he’d vowed not to go back, even when the kind, old professor delicately assured Steve he wasn’t the first model to respond to observation in a physical manner.
Tony tried to moderate his tone, be a little less angry, a little less aggressive, but his blood was pumping fast and it wasn’t easy.  “Look, Rogers—you wanna be polite?  Fine.  I’m telling you: knock it off.  The door holding, pulling my chair, standing when I get up, bowing when you go. Just stop, okay?”
going up for a shower and—no pressure—but, I’d like it if you’d join me.”
“Sweet!  Can I flip through them?” Clint asked eagerly, holding out a hand.
“I’m fine, Pepper.”
“I’m glad you’re back.”
“Um,” Tony said. “Not exactly, Cap. I think that other alien is just sort of . . . stretching itself out.”
“Legs only,” Tony insisted, waving his hands. “If God wanted me to have a hair-free anus, he’d have made it that way!”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
walking with Cap’ and ‘# ok not to be ok.’ Your words meant a lot to a lot of people.”
(10J⋅m
“Yes,” Steve breathed.  “Yes.”
“My mother made chicken Parmesan sometimes,” Tony said, voice going soft with reminiscence.  “We had a cook, but mom wouldn’t let anybody else make Italian food in her kitchen.  If it was Italian, mom made it herself.”
Steve hesitated a moment.
“I trust you too.”
get to see each other,” Rhodey protested. “Between her teaching schedule and me overseas--”
“Excuse me, Mr. Stark?”
Steve nodded.  “I remember it playing on the radio, before I shipped out.  Before I even met Dr. Erskine.” Steve gave a melancholy little smile, then shook his head and continued: “Then a few months ago, when I’d just moved into the Tower, JARVIS put together a bunch of music for me.  It was on the list. Made me think of you. Listened to it a lot after that.”
Steve’s face fell slightly. “I, uh—no. Mother Superior suggested it, but, well, if I was gonna dress up I wanted to be St. Nicholas, not—“ Steve cleared his throat, then continued, “So I’m just going, you know, as myself. But I’ll bring the shield for the kids to pass around so they aren’t too disappointed.”
Tony S. "Thank you.  Welcome to this place.  Your coming causes us to feel great honor."
“I’m glad to hear you say that.”  Rebecca looked very pleased, her expression warm. “A lot of people might see it the other way.”
“Jesus, Steve!  You have nothing to apologize for.  I—I’m sorry.  I should have--”
“Good boy.”
“Tony!” Bruce yelled again. “Come back! I’ll help program it. Don’t.”
.  May be the first time I want to frame something from a red carpet shoot.”
Steve smiled and looked up at Tony with such tenderness that—
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“I’ll help.” Steve put the notebook—a generic looking spiral pad labeled,
Rhodey gave an approving nod. The elevator doors opened.
Steve took a sharp breath.
“A cup of tea would be lovely,” she said.
“Is this a containment unit?” Tony asked incredulously. “For the
Tony was primped, primed, and ready to go fifteen minutes early—he deserved a fucking medal. Or a scotch. Tony took the stairs from his private floor to the common area. (Maybe just a small glass before the limo…)
@Proud2BaSUB
“There weren’t any,” Steve said. His ears were bright pink. “Any lovers.”
“This was stupid. Maybe I should cancel. Shit!” Tony waved his hands, unable to keep any part of himself still. “The press is going to go crazy! They’ll make it gross—like I’m bending over for my Captain or I’m team whore. Or maybe they’ll say Steve demanded it like some creepy
“Steve--” Tony's voice sounded wrecked. (Oh fuck. Fuck.) “I--” Steve looked down at him, expression soft, but there was something sad lingering there at the edges of his gentleness. “About earlier--”
Tony examined his goatee in the mirror; it was still perfect. Satisfied he left the bathroom and grabbed his trousers.
At that moment, another robot fired a repulsor stun and hit Hawkeye full in the chest, sending him flying.
Steve relaxed into it, letting Tony hold him up, letting Tony move him, use his mouth and fuck his face.  Steve felt thrilled and breathless, so aroused he might explode but somehow calm at the same time.  (Tony’s in charge . . . I’m pleasing him . . .)
Tony extricated himself from the Jacobs and was heading for the coatroom—dodging would-be conversational partners with a carefully averted gaze and selective hearing—when he ran into Harry. Tony couldn’t ignore that eager smile.
(Work then play.)
It made Steve spill his coffee.  He didn't really mind.
“Put her through!”
Tony jolted into full awakeness as Steve reached over and took out a little box.
Steve rubbed deliberately—not pressing inside—just caressing the perineum in tantalizing circles.
Tony stared a moment as a chill ripped through his body.
“Love you too, babe,” Tony said, “So let’s go show it off!”
Tony shuddered. He remembered the
When Steve noticed Tony hovering in the doorway he abandoned the obstacle course to run over to Tony with a grin.
“Yeah,” Tony agreed.  “And I guarantee that at least a few of those pictures will turn out
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony caught sight of Steve across the ballroom, surrounded by a bevy of admirers. Six or seven subs were clustered close and some big beefy Dom kept grinning and slapping Steve on the back, grandstanding. As Tony watched, Steve’s shoulders seemed to creep higher and higher, tighter and tighter. Steve took a tiny step back, and they crowded forward.
celebrating! I’m not, like, allergic to Christmas stuff.”
“I was wondering, though,” Rogers said a little hesitantly, “what did your team mean about us living in the tower together? And the tabloids?”
There was nothing
cookbook he’d checked out at the Public Library even though there are tons of free recipes online. Steve smiled more at Sunday brunch than just about any other time.
“Because I’m the only person who loves the armor as much as you do?” Rhodey suggested.
Steve shook his head. “I’m afraid we haven’t even looked at the menu properly.”
“Hey kiddos! Daddy’s home!”
“You wish,” he replied with a grin. “Prepare for a fall, Birdbrain!”
Of course, she’d said things like that before—plenty of times—yet it always left Tony wrong-footed, touched but awkward.
“Things changed when I got the serum.  Nobody could hold me down and do things to me if I didn’t want them to.  Regular ropes weren’t gonna hold me anymore.”  The first hint of a smile played at the corner of Steve’s lips and his voice was returning to normal.
“Great!” Tony said, trying to act normal. “Let’s sit on the couch, ok?”
Tony reached out to lay a reassuring hand on Steve’s arm, then said: “Jesus! You’re freezing! Come on: onto the couch, under the blanket. Up, up!” Tony dragged Steve, now pliant, onto the couch.
It seemed like there was nothing he could actually do. Maybe they should talk? But about what? (Pizza? No.) What else could he say?
“What time do you get back from Magdalene House,” Natasha asked Steve.
He nodded politely and replied, “Steve.”
Rhodey’s phone chirped and he laughed. “Lousy fucking timing,” he said, shaking his head and showing Tony his phone.
“Sorry, Bruce,” Tony said. It was one of the most sincere apologies he’d ever given; he
“I’m already eager for tomorrow,” Steve said warmly. He looked shy as he added, “Thank you for asking me.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony swallowed thickly and caught Steve’s eye.  He smiled.  Tony smiled back, then folded elegantly to his knees at Steve’s side.
(Before the Avengers.)
Steve forced himself to concentrate on the road, trying not to be distracted by the feel of Tony holding him tight, legs straddling the bike, groin pressed up flush with his ass.  Steve’s cheeks heated inside his helmet, imagining Tony in the garage, pushing him down across the handlebars, ripping off his trousers.  (
“Don’t move,” Tony ordered.  “Stay just like that for me, Steve.”
“Wrists please.”
“Quite so,” Miss Rushman said, leaning forward to fold her hands on the table. “I represent an unusual and eccentric artist who has been searching for a . . . special muse. He’s had single sessions and even a few repeats with models before, but never formed the artistic bond he craves, which is one it would take time and trust to nurture. Something more collaborative.”
“Good. Great. Awesome.”  Tony seized the coffee and burned his tongue, but didn’t care.  It was seriously evil not to have a coffee maker down here for them.
Tony shrugged and sat up a little bit.
“Lots of it is classified, but I can tell you a few basics. For starters . . . ”
refused coffee?”
Tony’s phone pinged. (Steve!) It wasn’t. It was a reminder to go over SI paperwork that Pepper had sent last week. Tony glared.
Instead, once he’d created JARVIS, he’d just added little notes and corrections, one at a time as he discovered new things that worked or didn’t.
“I’m here! Hey, sorry, really,” Tony said. “Just, you know, got kinda caught up, but I’m here. Sorry, sorry!”
(That’s where you wanted to be!  Even then!  And where you want to be now. Oh fuck. God,
(Well.  That happened.)
, tell me,” he stepped closer, “was it SHIELD’s idea to send you under cover as a sub or was it your own inspiration?”
Feeling numb, Steve shook his head. (That’s the right response, isn’t it? I don’t even know.) There was a little beep from the freezer and Rhodes turned to open it.
Tony gave a dismissive wave, then said more seriously, “I was talking to Jacob earlier and heard about your generous donation to the Safehouse. You’ll do a lot of good for a lot of people.”
Steve shifted in his seat again, eyes still fixed on Tony’s face.
Tony felt a swoop of disappointment. (Again?)
When he came into the common area, Tony stopped short.
?” Clint asked, carrying his empty plate to the sink.
had the best spread, not least of all because they got to cap off their story with some amazing candid shots of the team joking around, having burgers, and looking like one big happy family. Caption:
“So,” Tony said, “I hear you can’t make time in your busy schedule to train with me so you’re pawning me off on Clint instead.”
“All right,” Cap said, standing up. “Dismissed.”
(If the gamma waves
Whatever.
“You know I’m active duty, right? I could be, like, in a fire fight? Or a dangerous location? You do know that. But you just hack right into my system!”
Steve listened with amused interest, occasionally asking questions that made Rhodey laugh and Mrs. Rhodes smile, things like “But The Beatles and The Rolling Stones are both after Michael Jackson, right?”
“Well do it again!” Tony snapped.
A few hours later, the diagnostics had returned almost perfect results.  One of the 756-Js was faulty, so it had fucked up their data yield, but that was small potatoes.  Tony was going at it with his most delicate tools-- relishing for once his small, nimble fingers—while Bruce hovered, reviewing the output.
,” Tony said. “You’re early.”
Steve’s stomach dropped.
Clint’s blood was still boiling.
“Yeah right.”  (Still, might as well go up to a proper bed.)   “And, sure, lock up behind me.”
Steve’s jaw dropped.  “Tony!  That’s . . . that’s
Rogers frowned.  “I don’t understand.”
“Fuck!  Steve, come here,” Tony finally ordered and Steve slid closer, kneeling up.  “Take my cock, baby.  Go on, suck me off.”
And how was it possible for Tony to feel so moved and so irritated at the same time?
Tony buried his head under his pillow.
The creature tipped its balled up tentacle to the side.
Rogers held his gaze, frowning, a few moments more, then looked away.  (Ha! Win!)
“You know I’m a billionaire, right?”  Tony asked.  Rogers cocked his head.  “You can’t bribe me with baked goods,” Tony added pulling out an éclair and taking a huge uncouth bite.
“You’re beautiful . . . you’re so good, Steve . . . I’ve got you. . . . I’ve got you, baby.”
? This isn't fine. It just isn't, okay?”
Tony felt like the air had been knocked out of his lungs.  He couldn't find the breath to reply as Rogers bade him a quiet “goodnight, Mr. Stark” and slid away.
One of many good things about Tony’s home theater was that, not only were there no other people to ogle them and take pictures, but instead of having theater seats the room had couches. Steve took a seat on the center couch and patted next to him for Tony to have a seat. (It was the smallest couch in the theater, but it was in the middle, so that didn’t look weird, right?)
Pepper was always tall; in the Leboutins she loved, though, she positively towered. Somehow, Tony found that reassuring. He took a little side step closer.
Bruce laughed. “Thanks, Tony.”
“Well,” Steve said, “I’ll leave you to your business. The suits are really amazing, Tony. Just grand.”
The energy field—Tony was too pissed to think of it as “Bob”—was glowing with a bluish light about ten feet off the ground in a clearing of Wharton Forest. It was bigger than at its first appearance and smaller than the last. Tony was grateful they were miles from the nearest town.
“Mom!” Tony cried, delighted. “
Mrs. Rhodes shook her head and waved a hand to shush him, then turned to Steve. “Well, Captain, you’ll have to get an early start on that beast. I hear you volunteered to roast it.”
He must have seen something on Tony’s face, because Steve was already backtracking: “Sorry.  I know how busy you are.  I’m happy to bring a plate down to the works--”
will ever get Dr. Jefferson’s files; I redid her practice’s encryption myself.”
“Of course,” Steve said, smiling. “That sounds great. Around six thirty?”
“King Steven,” Tony said, bowing deep and trying to conceal his confusion.
Rhodey shrugged and streched. “Slow. At this point, we’re hardly finding one a day, hiding away someplace dark, but we’re not sure if it’s time to call off the search.” He shook his head. “Banner put together a team and has been using our footage to calculate how many came through, then he and some guy in forensics have been trying to separate the goo and tally up the bodies. Looks like we should be done soon though.”
“Funny,” Tony said bumping his knee against Steve’s. “I was just thinking the same thing about you.” Steve gave him a soft smile. Tony took another sip of coffee, then added in a teasing voice: “And I’m pretty sure
Tony raised a skeptical eyebrow and Steve looked a little sheepish. He stepped closer.
“And come see! I just finished the uniforms. Was checking the seams when Pep arrived.”
Then she lifted her chin and said a little fiercely, “My son is Lt. Colonel James Rhodes, War Machine.”   Her look softened as she added, “And my other boy is Iron Man. Takes a hell of a lot to impress me.”
“And I seem to remember a famous story about a prohibited high-risk solo mission behind enemy lines . . .”
“But it’s so frustrating, you know?” Tony said, waving his hands. “I kinda wanted to smack him!”
“Hey!” Rhodey hollered.  “Stop with the mental engineering and talk to me, man.  You can do that once the suit gets here.”  Rhodey snapped his fingers in front of Tony’s face.
“Captain Rogers regrets he is unable to join you.”
Maria Hill’s voice answered, “Another forty-five minutes.”
Tony ran his hands across the bolt of poly-aramid fabric and grinned.
Soon, Tony was nearly done with his hot chocolate.  Steve held in a defeated sigh.  He stared at his hands.  (What’s wrong with you?  Why the hell are you suddenly so shy and fumbling, stupid?)  Tony set down his mug.
Steve trembled.  Tony straddled him, sitting up on his knees. Tony ran his hands from the restraints down to Steve’s shoulders and back. Steve stared up at him, savoring his lithe, powerful muscles and the otherworldly beauty of the arc reactor.  (You’re so strong. . . )
“Nah, it’s good. Not going deep here.”
“Fasten your seat belts!” Clint called from the co-pilot’s seat as they took off with a muted
“Look, I don’t know what you’ve read about me,” Tony said.  (A lie, of course, but he doesn’t know I hacked his browser history…) “But I don’t have a sterling reputation.  Sure, I’m a billionaire, genius, engineer, philanthropist submissive.  But I’m also a brat and a slut.  The really
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
(Everything felt numb, his brain wrapped in cotton wool.)
Tony watched Mr. and Mrs. Macmillan as they moved slowly across the ballroom. If he hadn’t been watching so closely, Tony would have missed it when Tyrone’s hand started to shake very slightly and Margaret reached out to hold it steady. Pepper and Sylvia were getting down to details—Pepper, of course, was always strong on the tech—but Tony couldn’t quite stop watching Tyrone.
“Not Mr. Nguyen?” Steve looked more puzzled.
Rogers looked relieved.
His stomach dropped.
Tony fought down a blush.
"More than anything, sir," Steve said.  He drew his thin shoulders back and sat up as tall as he could (which wasn't very tall at all.)
“I dunno,” Tony said. “This is probably gonna take me quite a while, Cap.”
And, as always, thanks so much for reading!
, taking deep breaths in and out until he was steadier, calmer.  After a few more minutes, he crossed himself and sat back on the bench.  He paused to savor the beauty of the old church, letting his eyes linger on the geometry of the windows, the elegant proportions of the exposed rafters, the sturdy rows of heavy wooden pews.  (Maybe I should draw the interior sometime…)  He’d adjusted to lots of modern architecture, but this was so lovely and familiar.  He took long deep breaths, as if he could breathe the lovelieness in, hold it tight in his lungs until it spread to his bloodstream and coursed, warm and lingering, through his veins.
“I’m still open from your cock last night,” Tony told him roughly. “Hardly need any prep. Please, Steve? I want you to. Let go. Let yourself have this.”
Tony hung a red and gold glass ball while Steve took out one of the bundles of yellowing tissue paper and began unwrapping it very carefully.
“Right,” Tony said, feeling judged and for once not able to disagree.  Some ridiculous part of Tony’s mind wanted to make excuses—
“I want you to get up and kneel on the bed for me facing the headboard.”
Tony hung the Enterprise first and heard the electronic “click” of Clint snapping a picture.
“Good,” Steve said softly. “I’d really like that.”
(I should go. Oh God, I really should go.)
“Come here,” Tony murmured, pulling Steve down so they were partially propped up by the pillows at the headboard.  Tony reached out to pour a glass of something thick and sweet-smelling.
Tony snatched Clint up by the harness they (thankfully) hadn’t gotten rid of yet. “Where to?” Tony asked. Clint pointed to a high tree with a long outstretched branch; Tony maneuvered them carefully, firing repulsor shots as he went. Clint got three shots off in transit, but remained silent.
Tony nodded and followed. In the elevator, he watched Steve start to fidget, stop, and fall into parade rest.
“Sexual harassment and, if you don’t let go of my person in about five seconds, assault.”
They took off.
(Shit. Upper balcony?)
Tony was relieved to find the entire team assembled, sitting neatly around the formal dining table.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
calls me Anthony.   Second, what the fuck? Who asks that anymore?”  Tony looked at the man suspiciously.  “You on a first name basis with Barton?”
Tony laughed. “I don’t even know what that means.”
“Do you remember your safeword?” Tony asked.
Without a word Steve nodded, set his notebook aside, and followed her to the elevator. She didn’t say anything. His heart was pounding.
(Fuck.)
Tony read: "Also, the approach of ‘If you really loved me, you’d do SM with me’ is reprehensible. . . If you really loved them you wouldn’t treat them in such an unfair way, and I hope they’re smart enough to realize that."
“Got it.” Tony started a pot of coffee. “I’ve got tons of time! Give me the specs from Malibu, J. And some Iron Maiden.”
“Here. How about drinking some water?”
Spoiler-y warning behind rot13.com:  CGFQ naq zvyq frys-unez
In fact, both Clint and Natasha looked actively bored.  (Was Clint still looking at pictures of Johnny’s kids?  Seriously? And from his current angle it looked an awful lot like Natasha was doing Cat’s Cradle under the table.) For a moment their indifference almost made Tony angrier until he remembered what Clint had said at lunch about SHIELD’s ‘bad cop, good cop’ routine.  Tony took a deep breath.
Tony glanced around. Cap was still hovering a halfway in the kitchen, apart from the group.
“BAAAAAAAAAA!” Hulk roared and tossed the ball back to Tony. Well, towards Tony. It sailed over his head by about ten feet and he’d have needed more than the gauntlets and chest plate to catch it.
“Good,” the Captain said.  “In the event of an incident, getting Hawkeye into a position above the battlefield will be crucial.  We should practice aerial lifts.”
Steve opened his arms and Tony pressed himself eagerly to Steve’s chest. He let out a long sigh when Steve wrapped him tightly in his arms and kissed his hair.
Tony considered calling Rhodey or Pepper a few times, but he’d already talked to them and sworn he was just fine; he sort of hated to undo those reassurances, so he stayed in the workshop with AC/DC, Beyonce, and Dummy, insisting he was fine.
Steve smiled and nodded. He kissed Tony’s forehead and tapped his temple gently.
should welcome it!”
“Good,” Steve said.  Feeling awkward, he started to wrap his hands.  “So, uh, have you heard from Tony? How is he?”
“Uh, no.  The
Steve pulled away.
(Well.) Tony took a deep breath. (The tabloid had certainly found the right photos to make it look like . . . to make it
“Care to share with the class?”
“Here you go, Pepper,” Steve said as he approached with a steaming mug. “Are you sure I can’t bring you anything, Tony?”
Steve took long, deep, even breaths and pushed the failures (his failures) of the evening away.
“Yep! Later!”
With the shift in angle, Steve’s next thrust nailed Tony’s prostate—Tony wailed desperately. Steve’s face lit up.
“Fuck,” Tony said softly.  Steve didn’t move.  “You’re gorgeous like that, you know, waiting for me on your knees.”  Steve could hear a rustling over his shoulder.  (Getting undressed?)  There was the sound of a box or a tray or something being set just behind Steve and to the left, out of sight.
“Mmmm-hmmm.” Tony could practically hear Rhodey’s smirk. “You sure it wasn’t for the
Tony nodded.  He took Steve’s hand and kissed his palm, then leaned his cheek into that large hand and closed his eyes.  Steve stroked his hair with his left hand and even without looking Tony knew he was smiling
“Yeah,” Steve repeated. “That’s something at least.” He sort of shook himself and gave a dim smile. “Let’s talk about something else.”
Tony laughed. “It was a joke, Captain.  They don’t exist.”  Tony paused and considered explaining that his repulsor technology actually came as close to replicating the effect as had been (or could be) achieved, but whatever.  Instead he just added, “Seriously, man, you really need to watch Star Trek.”
Tony frowned and inched forward to peer at Steve’s papers. They were reports on the Battle of October 1
“Would you have dinner with me tomorrow night?”
A chipper news anchor announced the latest puff piece:
Steve cracked a hesitant smile and took Tony’s hand.
Huh.)
Steve’s dick was just as beautiful as Tony’d been picturing, big but not monstrous, uncut and leaking. Tony lapped at the head for just a moment before sliding his mouth down Steve’s full length.
Hill nodded, flipping through his write-ups with a frown.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Christmas Part II
But now, they sat catty-corner, and in the silence Steve sometimes bumped his knee against Tony’s, then smiled.  And when Steve left his hand on the table, Tony sometimes gave it a little squeeze before grabbing another breadstick or picking up his glass of wine.
In the end, he decided to text.
“. . . if you gag a submissive, you obviously have to stay with them and watch them even more closely than you ordinarily would . . . for safety’s sake, you should attach the mouth-stuffing to the strap so that it cannot work its way into the back of the submissive’s throat.  Again, failure to do that has resulted in many accidental deaths. . .” (149).
“Name calling”:
“Did—“ Tony hesitated, “did you crash when you came down?  When you came out of that floating feeling?”
Back at the tower--looking fabulous but still feeling a little like a plucked chicken--Tony went down to the workshop. He’d resisted the temptation to dye the grey at his temples, but had come away a little conflicted about it. (Well, the temptation to dye
“Hey, you arrived just in time!” Tony called from under the adjustor. “Run the diagnostic again, would you, Bruce?  I think I got the fluxator recalibrated.”
Tony woke slowly, neck stiff.
. . . about the contract, I uh--”
“No.”  Tony had enough trouble wrapping his head around Rogers without dragging dear old daddy into the equation.  That would just mess with his calculations.
Steve bit his lip, looking flummoxed, his ears positively red. And for a guy who’d been so beautifully in control twenty minutes ago, he was looking pretty lost now.  It wasn’t exactly sexy, but it was terribly, achingly sweet.
(Oh!) Tony blinked.  That was unexpected.
Steve swallowed heavily and pulled back. He was panting.
“Lay off the sass! I like the idea of giving him some options in the moment.”
“Steve?” Tony whispered.
Tony blinked. “Are-- are you asking me to move in with you?”
The coffee was strong; it always was when Steve made it.
(“To your door…”)
“Oh! Speaking of
(Okay, so, Steve didn’t seem to mind other people—
Tony rolled his eyes and made a dramatic “humph.” Rhodey just shook his head.
(Huh?) Tony looked at him blankly.
“How dare you!?”
Rogers’ phone pinged. He fell silent, looked down at it and frowned.
“Do you like that, sweetheart?” Tony asked quietly, kissing Steve’s neck.  Tony’s goatee scratched lightly at the sensitive skin and Steve nearly whimpered as Tony stroked his hands down to caress Steve’s abs.  “Do you?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Rhodey nodded. “Just for tonight. Then I head down to Boston for a little while.”
Jackie raised an eyebrow. “Mm-hmm. But you owe me some non-traditional currency. Bitch, pay up.”
“Sure, Tony.  I can pick a codeword if you want.”  (And it’s clear that Steve doesn’t get it, doesn’t really understand, but he’s happy to do it anyway and I guess that’s enough for now.)
Tony shrugged. “Sure.”
Steve settled on top of him and took Tony’s wrists in his hand again.
“I think I need a break from this reading. I was considering sketching for a while and I was wondering—would you mind if I drew the workshop? Or maybe did a sketch of one of your robots?”
If there's a chance for me
“Tony.”
“Good night, Tony. I’ll see you tomorrow morning.”
“Sure,” Clint said, flopping back on the couch. “I’m in.”
(Do with me as you please. I want to
“Now though,” Steve continued, “I seem to have more time than I need.  I mean, it was nice at first but I can’t quite shake the feeling I’m being a kind of . . . idle.”
“You know they don’t like me flying War Machine outside missions.”
“Chatter!” Steve yelled, then sighed. “Should we just call it a day?”
“You mean the extra terrestrial?” The Captain shrugged. “There’s really not that much to tell. It appeared to be peaceful and we were able to help the poor fella home. It's all in the mission report.”
“Is everyone in position?” Steve asked briskly, all Captain.
“Uh, sure. I guess so.”
“Is that good, darling?” Steve breathed into his ear.
and chicken
“Of course,” Francesca said.  “Have a wonderful evening.”
“Thank you, your majesty,” Tony said.
In the elevator, Tony frowned.
Tony sighed again. No sense denying
“Captain Rogers,” he said, tone brisk and a little out of breath. Tony had half expected him to answer “ahoy.”
Tony was still trying to find the right words to reply when Steve suddenly looked alarmed. He shook his head and said, urgently, finally looking at Tony, “It hasn’t happened often or anything! I’m really fine. It won’t interfere with the team. I can still do my duty. You can still trust me to--”
********
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony slumped heavily back into the rich padded leather as they made their way from the former Stark Mansion. The Safehouse was always exhausting. In a lot of ways, it was good. Good to see that ostentatious house providing a safe haven to so many people. To see the older subs looking out for the younger ones. Tony had a special soft spot for the teens, often male subs who’d run away from home.
“He was like my brother.  We did everything together and he did his best to look after me. I was a mess most of the time.”
Tony pulled off his bow tie and dropped it on the floor. He looked at the chaotic mess of floating schematics; the gutted Stark Tabs, their chips and wires exposed; the soldering irons and wire strippers and--
She smiled.  “So I’ve been told, Mr. Stark.”
“I’m dating
Rhodey squinched up his eyes, then tilted his chin up. Tony crowed inwardly—it was one of Rhodey’s most obvious tells.
“Morning, babe,” Tony said. Steve turned and stood smiling at him, this warm intimate smile, just a little shy.
Bruce looked at him with a raised eyebrow and added, “I asked you too through JARVIS, but you never answered.” Tony wasn’t really listening.
“So, how long are you in town?” Steve asked. “You staying here with us?
Tony managed not to laugh.  (You would pick ‘shield’ wouldn’t you, Cap?  Then again, it means comfort and protection and if you’re safewording I guess that’s what you’d need.  So, shield it is.)
Rogers shrugged, “Mr. Nguyen had been very helpful filling me in, but I don’t think there’s much prep required. Smile, be polite, and don’t let them know if you’re bored.”
Bruce shrugged, pushing his penne around on his plate. “I just hate these meetings. Every time we meet with SHIELD it puts me on edge, and the next one will be worse. We actually have to lay out our plan for training with . . . the Big Guy.”
Speaking of the holidays, fandom, and our favorite boys..... uh, well, if you maybe have a few dollars left to spare, why not consider making a little donation to charity in Steve and Tony's honor?  I'm making my own (very modest, I'm afraid...) holiday donations to the LGBT Help Center where my friend volunteers doing peer-support chats. (http://www.glnh.org/)  In my head canon for the Surrender Universe, Steve turned to the Help Center for free, confidential counseling while he was struggling with his identity as a gay man and a submissive; they helped him work through his feelings for Tony and decide to come out to his team.  Yay Help Center!
Tony made absolutely no effort to craft a briefing accessible for the layman—at least, until Johnny asked some intelligent follow-up questions.  After that, Tony ignored Dominick and he, Bruce, and Johnny had a pretty enjoyable (or at least painless) chat before handing things over to Steve who was explaining the strategy the Avengers had come up with for their training.
“Shhhh!”  Steve shot him a reproachful look.
“Nothing. Well, I mean—“
Tony pushed Steve’s head, a gentle pressure urging him down, and Steve moaned again, a loud noise muffled by Tony’s dick in his mouth.  Tony curled his fingers in Steve’s hair and pulled as he moved back up.  Steve worked the head with lips and tongue, sucking and lapping, until Tony (careful! careful!) pushed him back down his cock.  Tony could hear Steve breathing heavily through his nose.
swell.
“I could make you feel again,” Tony promised. He raised his hand slowly to cup Steve’s cheek, and stroke his fingers through Steve’s hair, then back behind his ear. It made Steve shiver. (Why was he so sensitive there?) Steve shivered again. (Nobody’d ever touched him there…)
sending sparks through Steve’s body and making him gasp, again and again.
“Captain Rogers has not yet returned.”
Tony scanned the ballroom for Steve’s broad shoulders and blond hair, but he’d moved and it was a bit like where’s Waldo in the vast ballroom. Still, after a few minutes of diligent searching, Tony spotted him: he was tucked away discreetly in a corner near the bandstand, obviously avoiding the crowd. Tony grinned and went to the side bar.
“Me too,” Pepper grumbled. “Turned out he was an asshole.”
They all called out good byes and merry Christmas’s and the teenagers took their leave. In the elevator, before the doors closed, Tony saw Katie throw her arms around Tony Y’s neck while he stared at the wall with a big dopey grin.
“Definitely!” Tony hesitated a moment before suggesting an obvious solution—he wasn’t sure what they’d thought of it in the 1930s. But he had to say: “If you want, though, I’d be very happy to hire you a top notch personal trainer who could—“
Steve came suddenly, flooding Tony’s mouth with cum in thick, heavy pulses.  Tony tried to swallow it all, but a little tricked down his chin as Steve panted and shook above him.
“We need to talk.”
Bruce took a sharp breath, his expression pained. “Oh.”
Tony leaned up for a long, tender kiss.
Steve looked up and smiled brightly. “Tony!”
“Right. I’ll ask and let you know.”
fun!)
Steve seemed to gather himself. “So, that’s why,” he said. “I haven’t been feeling very . . . sociable.”
“I could go for cocoa,” Bruce said.
“Yeah,” Tony whispered.  “It’s me, babe.”
“Thank you, Captain Rogers.”
“Oh, that. Pfft. Did that ages ago.”
Rhodey grinned, “You know you don’t mean that. Nobody appreciates your genius like me.”
Screwdriver.  Oil can.  Fresh bolt.
“Sure am!”
“No kidding?” Rhodey said, with a grin. “Rhodes family finally has its first boy sub.”
Yes, that. That was it.
(Oh! Oh!)
“We have a lot of flexibility, especially with this sort of lead time,” Katie said. “Assuming of course, we’re able to maintain the current time frame; you’re a tactical first response team—so an emergency could change the game in moments and we’d have to use one of the contingency plans and adapt on the go.”
“All this!  The door opening, chair-pulling, standing, and bowing bullshit!”  Tony waved his hands angrily for emphasis; scalding coffee sloshed from the cup and burned his hand. “I keep telling you—I’ve got it!”
.)  He’d master everything Tony would teach him.  Steve breathed in through his nose and tried to relax his throat, imagining Tony’s cock deep inside him.  He’d kneel on the floor and Tony would wrap his fist in Steve’s hair to move his head, pulling almost too hard, but not quite.  Tony’d be panting, gasping out praise and filth:
. I thought he was going to
“All right then.” Tony stood uncertain, hands suddenly awkward at his sides. “Well, good night.”
Tony cut Rogers off by grabbing his sleeve and pulling him towards the elevator. “Come on! The longer you hesitate the more movie we’re missing.
“No, no. It’s the living room! I’m—” Tony struggled into his hoodie, motions awkward with nervous haste. “It’s fine.” He pulled the sleeves down to cover the bruises on his wrists.
The twisting in Tony’s stomach eased a little.
Visibly confused, she bent and placed the folder on the floor. Tony scooped it up, and scanned over the familiar “we will destroy you if anything happens to War Machine while its in your care even though it was your suit to begin with and really we have no right to ask you for anything” form. (Can't sign
“And you’ll keep the name to yourself? It can’t get to the press yet.”
“Tony!”
Tony waved it off and rooted around in the first box, looking for the slice with the most sausage.
Then Steve tried again.
Steve was staring at Tony and smiling.  He’d stopped eating.  In fact, he hadn’t moved or perhaps even blinked for several rapt minutes.  He was just starting at Tony with this *look* on his face.
Tony licked his lips. That was Steve’s cock—hard and huge and
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tony perked up. (The suits usually didn’t know jack shit about their tech.)
Steve picked up the sleeve of Clint’s uniform, turned it carefully inside out, and peered at it closely.
“It sounds like things are really rough for you guys and Stark Industries right now.”  Steve said, resisting the temptation to fidget as the elevator returned him to his floor.  “Is there anything I can do to help?”
Tony was pretty sure people didn’t think of him as
Edited to add on 9/19: So sorry everybody!  Life things are happening--annoying work things--so the new chapter is kind of on hold.  I am hoping to find time to finish & post it in the first week of October.  Thanks for your kindness and patience! :)
As Steve dragged his cock in and out, Tony kept up a steady litany of praise and filth: “Take me . . . fuck me . . . you feel so good inside me, making me take it . . . Steve, Steve . . .”
Rogers paused for a moment as he passed.
“Well, if you don’t mind that,” Tony said, “Then I’d be delighted.  Especially--” Tony hastened to add, “if I may have the honor of leading
"He wasn’t my alpha," Steve snapped, then added, "sir.” Steve took a deep breath.  “I'd be honored to serve where he did."
“Yeah,” Tony answered, relieved, then added, “please.”
“There,” Tony said, leaning up for another kiss once they handed over their coats.  “That wasn’t so bad was it?”
Steve liked to be thorough in his reading practices, so he began at the very beginning:
“Mmm,” Steve hummed in answer, giving a little suck, and Tony wanted so badly to touch him. To run his fingers through Steve’s hair while he sucked cock, to stroke his body everywhere he could reach, wanted to flip them so he could get Steve’s dick in his mouth, wanted to feel full and aching, to choke on it.
“No, no, I think they’re fine,” Steve said, frowning down at them. “And the bacon should be good. You ready for food? I was about to call the team, but I’m not above giving my fella special treatment.”
“Still not an answer, Stark.”
“Yes, well,” Pepper huffed.  “I know how you like to play things by the book.”
It was sweet.
Tony nodded and took another sip of scotch, unsurprised but relieved Harry took rejection well. (It was a good—and all too rare—quality in a Dom.) He looked out over the crowd, giving Harry a moment to “process” (as Pepper would say), and caught Steve’s eye. Before the man could look away, Tony smiled at him; Steve smiled back, look a little uncertain.
“You don’t need to dress up or anything.  I, uh—“ Steve looked nervous.  “Well, the thing is, I was wondering if you’d mind terribly if we went to Piaci again?”  Steve looked so uncertain and hopeful, his voice rising up into a question at the end.
Rebecca went to the kitchenette for more coffee while Tony dressed.
Tony’s felt his stomach plummet again.
Tony’d gotten plenty of red and white roses in his time, but couldn’t remember getting yellow. (Or getting flowers
“And thank you for dealing with the cell phone situation.  You know I hate it when you skimp on eating and sleeping, but, well—” She looked apologetic.  “I’m glad you could get it sorted so quickly.”  Pepper grimaced.  “I can’t believe they tried to cover up the malfunction!  I could have brought in the big guns earlier if they’d said something instead of just flailing around thinking it would sort itself out at the last minute.”  She shook her head.
great . . . if things
“You wish, dude,” Clint said, rolling his shoulders. “Ready? Go!”
Also warning for Westborough Baptist Church acting like the Westborough Baptist Church. Also, Fox News acting like Fox News. :(
.” Steve breathed the word reverently; he stroked Tony’s cheek. “What would you like, sweetheart?”
“So,” Tony said as he picked up a dish towel. “You gonna say ‘I told you so’?”
Tony Stark could fake
“Little? Seriously? ‘cause I’m pretty sure we’ve had this contest before.”
you.  This isn’t a surprise to him.  It will be okay.)
“Yep!” Tony cried. “Something thematically appropriate!”
Tony bade them each goodbye, closed down the projections, and then turned to his teammates who had settled on the couches behind him with their pizza and drinks while he’d wrapped up.
“You’re so wonderful,” Tony murmured carding his fingers through Steve’s hair and rocking him gently as he spoke.
Rhodes took the letter, but handed it back before Steve could thank him.
Tony picked up the soldering iron with a frown.
“Traitor,” Tony said, without ire. He set Steve’s beer aside with his scotch glass, feeling soothed by their familiar banter.
“What the fuck, man!?” Clint yelled, giving Cap a shove for good measure. “You thought I knew about that shit? What the hell!?”
Tony was a little surprised when, instead of tossing him onto the bed, Steve set him on his feet beside it then sat down.
That evening, Tony put up only token resistance as Bruce coaxed him from the lab.  It had been a long day, Tony was beat (not the fun kind), and Bruce had promised him pizza.
Tony’d been alternating between poking through the energy data from NASA and tinkering his way through assembling Security Blanket Mark 1—(hopefully, Mark Only)—while Steve read something on his tablet. (Gasp! Not an ink and paper book!)
Tony snapped out of it and sat at the table.
“All right,” Tony Y. said grudgingly. “Should have known you’d nail that one.”
Tony bit his lip.
Tony waited.
Steve pressed soft kisses to Tony’s forehead, his cheeks, his chin, then drew back to give Tony a lazy smile.  Steve pulled Tony close and held him.
“Sir?” JARVIS answered with the volume turned down, soft. Gentle.
. . .)
Thank you so much for reading this! Hope you enjoyed it. :-)
“What’s wrong with the ones I ordered?” Tony cut in, frowning.
“I dunno,” he said, shaking his head as scanned the results. “It looks like it sacrifices too much strength. Unless—“
Tony scrambled gracelessly to his feet.
“Steve!” Tony called. “Come on in! I’m showing Pep the new uniforms. Come see.” Tony paused when Steve seemed to hesitate. “You remember Pepper, right?”
With JARVIS’s help and footage from the Iron Man suit, Steve worked steadily on his analysis for a few hours before getting restless.  Maybe he’d just take another quick peek at the spreadsheet . . . The wikipedia article for “breathplay” was still loading when Steve heard a noise.
“The Captain’s a good man, but he’s not perfect,” Natasha said.  Tony blinked and went still.  “And you’re a good man too.”  Tony thought his jaw might have dropped if he hadn’t been frozen stiff with shock.
Tony hadn’t realized how badly he wanted Steve to take his hand until it didn’t happen. He wasn’t exactly surprised, but he realized—his heart still pounding and his mouth dry—he was disappointed.
to tell me at all.  But, I do want to know.  I want to understand you, Steve.”  Tony paused.  (Go on-- affirm and reassure.)  “Because I love you.”
.  You want in or what?”
Steve lowered himself forward as gracefully as he could with his hands bound behind him. He lapped at Tony’s dick, then pressed lower to suck and lick Tony’s balls, trying not to tickle.
Embarrassment flooded through him and Tony wished he had a cock ring. He didn’t want to admit--
Of the three, the yellow roses felt the sweetest.
the press hadn’t mentioned 2005? They hadn’t.) Tony took a deep breath.
Okay, he really was thirsty!  Steve drank and drank, until he’d drained the entire cup.  He sighed and set it aside on the nightstand.
“I just want to take care of you, Tony,” Steve said. “It's just a bath.”
“Basketball?” Tony wrinkled his nose. “Nope, no thanks. I’m good. But you two have fun.”
brilliant, and I was just this--“
(Steve had tensed up at Tony’s invitation to bed.)
“Again.”
Very carefully, Steve bent to lay Tony on the bed, then knelt on the floor beside him. Steve was looking at him very seriously, blue eyes wide and earnest. He reached out to caress Tony’s cheek, his touch soft and lingering.
A chill ran down Tom’s spine at how calm and deadly Steve Rogers sounded—because it sure wasn’t Captain America speaking in that murderous whisper.
Tony shook his head. “I’ve got lots of work to do and should really be getting down to the workshop.”
“Come on—I’ll make us coffee,” she said. “And, no, of course I don’t sleep in the armor. I woke up wanting a glass of water. When I went into the hall, I was certain I heard an intruder in the workshop but JARVIS just said, ‘I regret I am unable to answer your question, ma’am.’”
