"I'm sorry.  I... just... Sherlock, don't you dare say you are a bad man. Please. It upsets me, how sometimes you think so little of yourself.  You are the best, the greatest man I have ever known. Got it?  And it would be an honour to father a child with you."
Sherlock rolls his eyes, trying to look exasperated, but he's blushing too.  Embarrassed.  Ashamed, even.
The other choice would be to walk in and take the lead, stating the truth before Sherlock guesses it –it would save the both of them time and energy.  It is, clearly, the best way to go, but John find himself at loss of how to do it.  He finds it difficult to talk about his feelings, and it doesn't get better with years, or the regular therapy session.  Hell, at this point, even beer can't go down, and John is supposed to speak?  About feelings, using actual words?
After refusing to eat lunch and failing to drag John into an argument, Sherlock indulges himself to a long sulking session on the couch.
So, yes, writing a labour and delivery scene is such an amazing opportunity to provide comfort, but it doesn't come without hurt.  Although, of course, mpreg is a fantasy, I am always pushed toward realistic medical details, because of my background.  I try to take labour and delivery scenes seriously, as though I would write about a woman giving birth.  So, most of the medical details in this fic are accurate, and if I took some liberties, it is mainly regarding the male aspect of Mpreg.  I am not a sadist, and I hope I did not scare any of you who wants to have kids :)  .  The details might be realistic, but Sherlock's labour is quite unique, in the sense that he doesn't have a lot of option to deal with the pain.  His emotional distress is, mainly, circumstantial.   Childbirth is an intense experience, and the wonder of writing it in a hurt/comfort setting is that the pain isn't useless, and leads to a wonderful consequence.  I guess, what I am saying is that I do not like my characters to suffer in vain, and I hope it isn't what transpired of it.
He wonders if he should try once more to move Sherlock to the bedroom.  Logically, it would be easier to deliver the baby there, and would allow Sherlock more space to move around and choose a birthing position.
“GOD,” Sherlock shouts, trying to get down on his knees.  “John, I need... I need to push, I need...”
A shiver runs through him, and he has another series of nervous blinks.  John’s heart breaks in tiny pieces, but he keeps his own emotions to himself, instead focussing on Sherlock.
In the bathroom, John helps Sherlock wash and change into a new set of clothes –those in the hospital bag, Sherlock insists –he had picked them himself, for the day he would go into labour.  It doesn’t surprise John: they are his most comfortable, with the softest fabric.  Sherlock has always been overly sensitive, and a rough shirt can, according to him “prevent him from thinking.”
Three days later, Sherlock has had five orgasms and is doing better.  Although his nose is rubbed raw and his voice a bit nasal, all he needs is more rest to get his energy back.
Medically speaking, Sherlock is doing well, considering the difficult circumstances of the birth.  He has bled a little, but not worryingly so, his vitals are good, and the genital area, although swollen and bruised, has not suffered any skin tearing.  John had been wondering about his colostrum production, since more than half of the carriers do not produce enough to feed their baby.  Evolution, it appears, still has some catching up to do. For the moment, though, it seems Sherlock can supply Sage with the richest and best nutriment she can receive.
This is it.  This  is the last WIP I will ever post.  It used to be that I could write a 100 k fic under two months, but then life happened, and I've spent more than a year on this fic.
"We should put the crib against this wall, so that it's only hit by light toward the middle of the afternoon."
Sherlock shuffles on his phone and hands it to John.  It is a picture of the dental prosthesis.  The diamond catches the crude light of the flash.
Sherlock nods and takes a few hiccuping breaths.  He relaxes his mouth to stop the chattering and looks up at John.  His eyes are wide and pale.
he doesn't fool John.  It doesn't help that his tentative attempt at arrogance is completely destroyed by the relief relaxing his features.
"For now, you have nothing to fear.  With so many celebrity scandals these days, the so-called journalists couldn't care less about a local detective not only being a carrier but expecting a child," Mycroft explains.  "Nevertheless, if things go quiet I fear it will be noticed and published.  Of course, over the months, it will become almost impossible to hide your state so-"
"No.  He doesn't know I am here.  I have the feeling my presence wouldn't exactly be welcomed with joy."
Sherlock turns his head toward him, clearing his throat and rolling his eyes at the same time. "My god, John, your powers of deduction are truly amazing," he snaps, his voice a little thick.
John watches in fascination, feeling the swelling progressing, tightening the delicate, sensitive skin.  It's an amazing sensation, an empowering one.  Sherlock's cock is so fucking pretty. While John's cock, when erected, takes an angry red tint, becoming almost purple if they make it last, Sherlock's one is a lovely shade of pink that turns barely a shade darker, cherry red, when he's been leaking for a few minutes.  But enough, John's mouth waters, and he gets down to business.
"A rocking chair and a nappy disposer.  The rest is not furniture per say but material.  I have another list."
be alright.  He will be devastated if something happens to the baby, and then, how would John prove him hat caring is an advantage after all?  And here is Mycroft, the poster child for emotional inadequacy, who doesn't have any difficulty imagining the range of possibilities of how it can go wrong.
John waits, a bit frustrated but mostly just glad Sherlock could overcome his worries to allow himself the release he needed.
, John screams inside his head.  Marshall is in a good mood -always is when there have been a few days without death - laughing for no reason while driving to his death.
Charles Chambers (what an ugly name, what are parents thinking when naming their child, really), their male suspect, is a young professional full of ticks with glasses making his eyes look twice as big as they really are.  He is supposed to meet Claire Green - late twenties, adept at too much make-up and clothes two sizes smaller than she should wear - his accomplice, tonight.  That is, if Sherlock has successfully deciphered the traces of a pen on a notepad where the original message had been written.
"Crackers," he says after another few minutes of uneasy silence.  "Especially when you wake up, which well... doesn't really matter since you basically don't sleep.  Crackers, lots of water, and of course, you should never work on an empty stomach.  It's always been wrong, but now it will worsen your symptoms."
deal with being  different his whole life.  He was probably very isolated as a kid, not understanding how the people around him couldn’t think and use their intellect as he himself did.  John can picture a kid in a class asking with all sincerity why they were learning stuff surely everybody knew already, and not understanding why the other kids would shoot him dark looks.  It must have started that way until Sherlock began pretending
“Hum.  Yes.  So, there is that.  Hasn’t smoked in weeks, and is currently conducting an experiment about the toxicity level of... actually, I have no idea what is it about but yeah, Sherlock is fine.”
"There, I bet the pain is receding," John says when he feels the tensed stomach skin soften under his hands.
"Perfect patient," John cannot help but note.  "Now that is something you were never called before."
John shuts up Sherlock with a sloppy kiss, feeling his own dick beginning to fill.  He can't help it, there are so many things about his lover that turn him on.  Like this, what he's just said with such candour.  He manages to be both shy and shameless when it comes to his sexual needs and tastes.
It affects John more than he thought.  Luckily, he doesn't have the Afghanistan nightmare again, let it be altered or not.  He is, though, plagued by the strangest dreams.  Following baby cries into the darkness.  Finding himself looking for Sherlock who's disappeared, leaving a child behind.  Receiving a pregnant patient and having to deliver the baby on the floor of his office...
"You are such a prig," Sherlock answers with more assurance.  "Do not think I might become more tolerant of your insufferable personality because of a gift."
When he's done drinking, he takes Sherlock's hand between his.  Sherlock looks everywhere but at him.  His free fingers are beating a quick rhythm on his thigh.
"Oh, look at the time; we've slept for almost three hours," Sherlock answers, looking down at his mobile.  The way he fidgets with it is so exaggerated and false that John wonders how he can get away with impersonating people, and lying without blinking, while on a case.
John hesitates, but not for long.  He does not feel like being surrounded by police officers and playing third wheel to Sherlock and Lestrade.  Besides, it is evident Sherlock isn't in his normal case-solving state, tired and obsessed by the hidden truth.  He just wants to be able to close the file in his head.  That, too, John can understand.
Sherlock’s voice is as sweet as the morphine.  John doesn’t have the energy to wonder when the hell he did became a mind reader, or how he hadn’t noticed him in the room.  The beeping vital signs monitor he’s connected to slows down before it becomes silent, when the cardiac rhythm returns to normal.  John turns his head just in time to see Sherlock elegantly standing up from the chair he was occupying in a corner of the room, walking through the soft ray of light trailing from the corridor.  It makes his entry theatrical, with him as the lead of a Greek tragedy, silence and dignity personified.  Sometimes John thinks of Sherlock’s life is obeying its own rules, estranged from the rest of mankind, a life where theatrical entrances are possible, as well as dramatic exits, and earth-shattering revelations.
More generally, there isn't much ordering John around anymore, borrowing his laptop just because it's one foot closer than his own, or waiting for John to become exasperated and do the flat chores even though it's Sherlock's turn.
John calls Lestrade, but only to ascertain that he hasn't contacted Sherlock for another case.  He won't display his and Sherlock's domestic drama for the Yard to enjoy.
John kneels between Sherlock's legs, sitting back on his heels, and lets him guide his hands into position.  "See?  Her bottom is now up, practically pressing on my stomach... And I think she's facing left, feel those smaller bumps?  It's her limbs."
"Maria is supposed to drive," Moron protests, although his voice has lost its previous assurance.  It's almost as if he's asking a question.
John still watches the door while he's settled and hooked to another set of machines, as if the access to the room could disappear in a blink. At least, his doctor title allows him to negotiate the removal of the damn oxygen mask to have it replaced by nasal cannula.
"Oh, and if you open the second file, you will have the ideal list of baby clothes new parents should buy before the births. I was first surprised by the high number, but I crossed-checked and-"
And there it is, the hint of a smile on Sherlock's still trembling lips.  He moves his head as if he wants to look at John, but he's not there yet, and lowers his eyes to his thighs.
Here it comes.  One of Sherlock's nervous verbal outbursts.  He doesn't even raise his tone while shuffling into the bathroom and sliding on a clean shirt, which has John missing a couple of sentences.  He doesn't think it really matters.  He takes the opportunity to fiddle with his morphine pump.  There is a burning, pulsing sensation coming off his wound, it is only normal, but John is too tired to fight off pain anymore.
In the end, of course, it was much ado about nothing.  Late this morning, Peter Blair had been arrested when he tried to break into his brother’s flat.  He’d been half starved, dirty, still wearing the prison uniform.  He’d been hiding under a bridge for the past days.
"Come on, darling, I'm close too.  Want me to touch you, Sherlock? Want me to take care of you, right?  Jerk you off just like you need-"
It lasts four days.  John knows Sherlock is well aware of what he is doing, and tries his best to play along.  Still, it shows, as the days go by, how his forced immobility is getting to him.  His smile wears off, he gets lost in his head for long periods, eats without his newfound enthusiasm, sleeps less soundly.  It does not help that his back is constantly sore from lying down the best part of twenty-four hours. Also, his pregnancy is advanced enough that he begins to suffer from a number of uncomfortable symptoms, like gastric reflux and leg cramps, amongst other things.
John stands up, rubbing at his forehead.  There is a headache hovering behind his eyes that is just waiting for the right moment to strike.
But then he begins to worry, because seconds stretch and Mycroft remains frozen in place, a somewhat dreamy expression in his eyes.
And while it’s funny, it’s not exactly comfortable.  Sherlock tries not to complain, but John knows sometimes it’s not only uncomfortable, but really hurts.  John has seen him swallow back tears of pain one evening, when she kept kicking up, straight into his stomach.
There isn't a hint of sarcasm in Mycroft's voice.  Sherlock's frown deepens, he tilts his head to the side."
Sherlock falls back on the pillow.  John lets him digest the information while he cleans him up.  He’s about to pull back his pants when Sherlock fights to sit up, his arms stretched.  It takes a moment for John to understand he wants him to take his hands.
“I can’t...” Sherlock pants, “I can’t... concentrate enough to alter my perception of the pain... John...”
The cool weather does its job, but a stupid argument during the evening meals ruins Sherlock's mood.  Lettuce, of all things, is what makes him angry.  He had planned to eat a salad for supper, because his stomach has been giving him hell and he wants to avoid meat, which tend to make it worse.  Except what was left of the iceberg lettuce had been thrown away that morning, by John -
John might have suggested the name on a hunch, but the more he thinks about it, the more he likes it.  Sherlock seems to go through a similar reflexion.
An ambush.  He has ten minutes left to live. In the backseat are two young soldiers, Vicario and Jones.  Jones will die of a simple flesh wound, bleeding slowly to death while John lays unconscious besides him and the rescue team fails to get to them in time, caught in a sudden sand storm.  Vicario will survive, but she'll never walk again.
The hit John receives in the stomach is too light to really hurt.  Plus, Sherlock is smiling.  "Three-continent Watson," he murmurs, snorting.
The room they occupy is at the back of the house.  It isn't the master bedroom, which is located upstairs (in fact, the upper floor basically consists of the master bedroom) and would have proven problematic for John, but it is charming, with a large bay window opening on the ocean and an old bed in massive oak, richly engraved.  There is barely room for any other furniture except a small chest of drawers; the floor is treated wood with a reddish tint that only accentuates the overall cosiness, the masterpiece being the bed comforter, a worn out handmade quilt, with complicated star-like patterns.
I am ashamed you guys had to wait for so long.  I apologize.  Over the past four months, I found myself in a state of poverty so bad I lost my flat. I won't go into details, it's too painful anyway, but I know now that human cruelty exists, that a father can lead a life while denying he's ever had children of his own, and that really, when you are at your lowest, there isn't many people around to help.  I come out of it proud of my children, and myself, because I fought, and got back all the money I was owed, but also with a new understanding of the world.  And I may be bitter, but I have learned that I can only count on myself, and I will never, EVER find myself in a similar position again.
"No, I would have," he adds, still smiling.  "I have my ways to get you to listen to me, you git.  I am not Mycroft."
With April comes cold rain and fog.  The whole first week, every day is similar to the other, more grey skies and dampness, the kind that seems to reach you to the core, disregarding how many layers you put on to keep it out. John is back to work, and surprised to find he wasn't that eager to pick up his usual three shifts a week at the surgery.  He had got used to staying home with Sherlock.  Preparing the flat for the baby had made them spend practically every hour of every day together.  One would think they would have grown tired of each other, being practically attached at the hip, but instead, it had soon become a new routine they both enjoyed very much.
John can admit he had felt left out and underestimated, while the Holmes brothers were discussing the plan without paying attention to them.  After all, he could very well defend Sherlock himself –he wouldn’t let anyone even touch a single hair on his head.  Mycroft, another bloody mind reader apparently, had suddenly turned toward him.  “You forget an essential element, John; if it should come to a physical confrontation with Blair, you will be emotionally compromised.  As such, Sherlock is evidently in the same position and he will not be able to remain safe if you lose the advantage.  He will try to help you.”
Sherlock scoffs, but he slowly retreats to his corner of the room.  “Your snoring is worsened by the drugs, and given that it’s already terrible, I doubt I will have the opportunity of falling asleep.”
What he sees is Sherlock walking back to him, tiny snowflakes caught in his dark hair.  Smiling.  On his left, though, coming from the front of the house, someone is approaching, quickly.  A man, seemingly distressed, and angry.  The man sees Sherlock and begins to run.  Two police officers are following, one of them yelling.
"Yes," John smiles. "It could almost feel like a holiday.  I’m going to be a very boring partner, what with the strict rest and limited physical activity, but yes, it does sound good."
"Yeah?" John asks, lowering his hand to cup Sherlock's dick through his trousers.  He's not surprised to find it swelling quickly.  Praising Sherlock and feeling his reaction is something he'll never get tired of.
Sherlock is standing next to his chair, looking at the table disdainfully, the object of his disgust being a hard, plastic doll dressed in pyjamas and tucked into a blanket like a real baby.   John doesn’t know if it’s supposed to be realistic, but he hopes not, because the grimacing features and the too orange tint of its skin make for a very creepy baby replica.
"Listen, Harry, it just... I wanted to, but somehow I always found myself postponing it.   It was wrong, I should have-"
It was really unnerving posting the first chapter of this story, since it is the first I'm writing in the Sherlock fandom, after long months of having stopped writing all toghether.  So thank you to all of you, for taking the time to leave kudos or comments.  As a fanfic writer, I never needed much -I have never been one to complain about the number of comments, kudos, etc. For me, it is extraordinary in itself that -even if only a few- people other than myself enjoy my stories.  It's very gratifying.  So, yeah.  Hope you guys will enjoy the second chapter.
Suddenly, the flat appears in a hateful light.  It's grey, lifeless, everything in its place with nothing relating anymore to Sherlock's exuberant genius.
John doesn’t know how long they stay that way, but his back starts to feel strained, and his knees are shaking. With regret, he pushes himself up and takes a step back.  Sherlock lifts his head to look at him.  He seems calmer.
His expression is one of bewilderment.  He looks at John, not breathing, mouth slack, and tries to choke out his name before finally, finally he starts coming, wave after wave of tremors going through him, his cock twitching violently while wetness spreads on the front of his pyjama pants.
"Ah, what a shame, Mycroft being apparently happy for us and respectful of our decision instead of being his usual self-satisfied prat."
The inhalotherapist is still at Sherlock's bedside, watching his oxygen saturation level while he receives bronchodilatator medication through nebulisation, which means another mask hiding his face.  His eyes are barely open.  John stays at the foot of the bed and waves at him.
It takes every bit of self-control that John possesses not to reply.  He knows Mycroft is right.  That is the thing.  Mycroft hasn't done anything wrong.  He is just... insufferably calm.
John takes Sherlock’s face between his hands.  “Look at it logically.  Right now, it’s no use to think about what could go wrong.  It won’t change anything.  I want you to concentrate on the here and now, block everything else. One contraction at a time.”
"Go on, darling, you know I've got you, right?  I’ve always got you," John whispers, pressing his forehead against Sherlock's.
He lays the baby in between Sherlock legs and rubs her little body, then her face once again.  She’s opening his mouth, her small chest expanding.  John bends down and put his mouth over her nose, sucking forcefully.  His spit the secretions on a towel just as the newborn’s arms jerk open, and then she takes a long, hiccupping breath.
“Sherlock, listen to me.  I know it hurts, because the head has breached.  That’s what you feel.  It’s good, it’s almost done.  You have to push it out now.  Come on.”
"Well, I figured there are two possibilities right now: or he already knows and has, for some reason, decided not to address the matter directly with us, or he will know as soon as he sees me... give or take a few seconds."
“Six?” Sherlock rasps, and his already wide eyes are almost crossing from surprise.  “No, you have to take the measure again.  It’s supposed to take hours.  I should be around two.”
"There was a rumour in the family, about a rare diamond that Margaret Grey would have had implanted under the skin of her left ankle.  I believe you will find, detective, that there is a post-mortem wound corresponding to that location, that wasn't there when it was examined for the first time."
Before panic takes over, John switches into doctor mode.  It's something you learn quickly, when you’re in the army.  How to work despite knowing most of your patients on an intimate level.  He wouldn't have made it otherwise.
It seems to take Sherlock off guard.  For a long moment, he stares back, his head tilted to the side.  John see how Greg and Sally seem to be enjoying themselves, watching the situation unfold.
"There you go," John moans, but then, his impending orgasm comes to a halt when he realises Sherlock hasn't come, despite all the signs.  His penis is still weeping, still swollen and pink, and the familiar clench of his inner walls has yet to happen.
Except wait for the information I need.  I have to stop thinking about the case to be certain not to let my imagination roam free, which is proven difficult in the best situation, let alone when I'm restricted to immobility for ten more days."
“Strange...” Sherlock trails off, taking a pie while his stareat his brother intensifies.  “It’s almost as if... it was your idea to stay for supper all along.”
a small precision : when there is a discussion about Sherlock's popularity, please do not forget that the events of this fic take place after Moriarty died in the first pool confrontation.  The events after that, like the case that made him famous, haven't take place.  So, Sherlock is kind of just... locally famous.
"Yes!  Yes, Gavin!" Sherlock exclaims, lifting both arms in an exasperated gesture.  "I am  indeed pregnant, and we are expecting our child for the beginning of June.  It's a girl."
Sherlock cannot be  comfortable, not with his legs dangling off the bed, and his upper body twisted toward John.
Sherlock is walking back towards him, waving when he sees John on the porch, and accelerates, long legs graceful and sure.  It is almost hard to believe he is twenty-four weeks into his pregnancy.  It certainly doesn't show if you don't look especially for it.  It might be because of his tall frame, but his belly is still discreet.  It is there, though, and John spends way too much time caressing its shape when Sherlock is shirtless -and allowing it.  It's a firm bump that has started pushing up toward the navel, which is now starting to pop up.  When Sherlock is standing up and dressed, though, the width of his hips conceals his belly, mostly because it isn't a perfect semi-sphere, more of an oblong one, reminding John of an American football.
Sherlock had also told Lestrade that if physical training was part of his job.  Even though he is a good detective (or, in Sherlock's words, less stupid than most Scotland Yard cops), he cannot keep the same passion to track criminals in the middle of handling paperwork and co-workers, dozens of cases, a pitiful salary and a messy divorce.  To that, Lestrade hadn't said anything and spent a whole week without contacting Sherlock.
John grabs Sherlock's face without finesse, eliciting a surprised huff from Sherlock who, once he gets with the programme, closes his eyes and grabs the front of John's shirt, waiting.
"I am almost certain of it," John agrees, following Sherlock's hand, fascinated.  Because of course, Sherlock isn't one to cradle his belly or touch it in that unique way future parents do, although he sometimes caves, only when he's alone with John, and more often than not, when he thinks John doesn't see him.  If he touches it, it is with a clear intent - if he wants to feel her when she moves, or check her position.  To see him just indulging in what obviously gives him a lot of pleasure has John filled with affection, and it breaks his heart a little, too, how embarrassed Sherlock still is at behaving normally.
He crosses his arms upon his stomach and lays back on the chair, looking a lot like a petulant child.  John decides that at least one of them will have a vague idea of what he is doing when Sage is born. He follows the instructions; he undresses the doll and gives it an imaginary bath.  And since it is a newborn, John learns how to keep the umbilical cord nub clean until it fallsoff.  He is standing up, bending toward the doll and concentrated on the task, which is using a cotton buddipped in saline to delicately clean the contours of the cord nub.  He doesn’t know how long Sherlock has been standing up too, looming over him, but his shadow becomes very distracting.  John drops the cotton bud and asks, trying to hide his irritation:
The strain in his voice alone worries John.  Normally, a first time labour is a long, arduous process. Childbirth tends to be faster when the person is down to their second or third child.  It isn’t unheard of, far from it, that it happens too for a first child.  It is called a precipitate labour... and now John should stop imagining the worst, it doesn’t do any good.  He needs to stay focussed on Sherlock and keep him safe, whatever is going to happen.
, John thinks in wonder.  It’s far more intense than just a sexual attraction, so much deeper, and maybe Sherlock isn’t the only one to be overwhelmed.  John hadn’t realized yet that he had never felt something close to what he feels for Sherlock, and it takes hold of him, making it hard to think, to breath.  This is it.
Three days - that is what it takes to find Sherlock.  John tries alone, at first, scouting his usual hiding paces he knows about (he's not stupid enough to think Sherlock hasn't kept some for himself), then turning to his homeless network.  He finds few -they are, as Sherlock says, anonymous shapes moving all over the city, invisible to most.  It is true, John has trouble remembering faces and names -codenames, for all he knows- and it seems a new one pops up every time Sherlock needs it.  And those whom he talks to only have an obscure answer for him.
"Oh," Sherlock exclaims, lifting his hand, apparently only then realising what he's been doing. Or not.  He's difficult to read suddenly.
"And..."  Sherlock shakes his head and curses under his breath.  "The surgeon finally came in.  I could tell he was familiar under the mask, and... God...  Ok.  It was Mycroft."
," he adds, grimacing.  "Sadly, your mere presence in this group is an obstacle to its efficiency.  That you need to prove yourself better than everyone else is one thing, but no, you cannot achieve this goal without humiliating your entourage.  Everything about you is fake : from the person you pretend to be to the clothes you wear, cheap imitations of great labels, which you swear are authentic.  No wonder you have no friends : who can support someone lying constantly just to upstage them.  And you think you are a good liar but you have tells, as I am certain anyone with even a modest intellect can see.  As for your husband, he is quick to agree with everything you say but he is getting good at pretence, too.  Just during the break, when he was on the phone with-“
John snorts.  "We are... look at us, the Great Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson, fearless crime fighters, and at the end of the day we are newbies at this."
It is difficult, and in certain cases downright impossible, to hide anything from Sherlock.  He's been on constant alert since his belly has started to show for any sign John was trying to take a picture of him.
Sherlock shrugs and enters the flat, dropping his coat on his way to the sitting room, and his scarf on the coffee table next to his chair.  He flops down, stretching his legs in front of him.  The fire in the hearth is still going on, although it needs more wood.  John decides to forget about the creepy death prediction and goes back to float on his little cloud of happiness, filling the kettle, then feeding the fire, all the while whistling.
"Did the doctor actually make that decision, or did you ask for a special treatment?  Usually, after a femoral artery surgery, the patients are kept under observation for a week."
John doesn't quite know how it happens, but he manages to pull off Sherlock and lies them down on the bed, right on the wet spot and unable to care, him spooning Sherlock's trembling body, caressing his hair and rubbing his belly.  John finds he has tears clinging to his lashes, and cannot remember ever crying during sex.
John is absently drawing small circles on Sherlock's stomach.  He likes how it quivers from the simplest touch.
The way they both keep their voice low and the regular rumble of the rain is comforting.  John grabs the sports page of the newspaper and for a while, he and Sherlock's mother exchange soft banalities.  John can practically feel the chemistry of both their brains adjusting while they are forging new links.  John is going to be the father of Louisa Holmes' grandchild.  That simple fact has automatically began to change something between them.  And it is good.
“This is brilliant,” he declares, and then leaves the flat before John has the chance to ask a single question.
"I thought about my labour tonight, during that awful class.  It is surprising, I have to admit, that I could concentrate enough for the case to take a farther spot in my mind.  A lot of what the nurse said in her ridiculous power point expose made me wonder... what I really wanted."
"What is it about dying and suffering that has changed?" John asks, eager to keep him talking.  It surely does him some good to get it out, and it might hold back a crying fit that could easily shift into a panic attack.
"I will text you later," he tells him.  Then, Mycroft disappears into the car that brought John to Sherlock's hiding place, and he finds himself alone.
"I was... Sometimes, I believed she was right.  I never knew her father: what if he really was the monster she described, what if I exposed her by having her admitted to a mental facility against her will... It..."
When the helicopter arrives, Sage Martha Holmes-Watson has been born for forty-five minutes. She is resting in her father’s arms, her tiny mouth around a nipple, sucking on and off lazily.  John watches over the both of them, monitoring them closely.  According to Sherlock, Sage is five pounds two ounces, maybe three (one of his most surprising talents is how he has taught himself to evaluate the weight of things without using an instrument).  She’s a small baby, but she is healthy.  John has submitted her to a make-shift Agpar test , which is carried out on all new-born babies at the hospital and serves to evaluate their general health quickly and precisely. Sage’s score was more than satisfying.
“Cold colour with effects on the body similar to a light blue.  Lowers blood pressure and decreases anxiety and aggression.  Perfect,” Sherlock explains, staring at the small colour sample.  “You know the shade recalls the up side of sage leaves.”
As Sherlock gets closer, John physically longs for him.  Although they have been sharing the bed since their arrival, they haven't done anything more than careful cuddling.  When John was still taking dilaudid pills, that wasn't really a problem -nothing like a good dose of opiates to have you even forget you have a dick.  Now, though, said dick doesn't miss an opportunity to remind him that he isn't a monk, even if all John is doing is watching Sherlock from a distance.  He wonders if he could persuade him to do something.  After all, his bandage is gone, and the threads have started to melt.  The swelling is under control and...
Sherlock moves Angie's hand to the side, then up, explaining how the baby is positioned.  Near his chest, where the bump starts to swell, he winks at her.  "And now you are touching my little girl's bum."
It doesn't change the fact that John usually prefers not to discuss his relationship with Sherlock with her, and had advised Sherlock to do the same.  It would only be like pouring salt in the wound, engaging her into something she knows she can never have.
He pumps the burning shaft twice, then pushes himself as deep as he can.  Sherlock's orgasm hits him hard; his whole body seems to lock as he chokes John's name, then he comes in three long spurts, shaken by a violent shiver with each one.  He has let go of the headboard to grab John's shoulders, his nails pressing into the skin, and as his asshole constricts rhythmically, generating more fluid, it brings John to completion within seconds.  He hears the long growl he pushes as he tries to bury himself even deeper, collapsing on Sherlock's shaking body.
"Okay you need to rest, and yes, you need to take better care of yourself, you've pushed yourself to exhaustion once more.  If those two crazy killers haven't showed up in half an hour, I'm taking you home.  We can call Lestrade and he will manage to catch them, but-"
John shouldn't mind.  Becoming an expert on a subject usually calms Sherlock down and gives him confidence -ah, that visceral need for control, or the illusion of control, at the least- except in this case, it has had the opposite effect.  How can it be otherwise, when the subject Sherlock's studying is his own current biological state?  What's worse is that John's reassurances are more and more often met by an immediate correction by Sherlock, citing facts, percentages and studies recently stored on his damn genius hard drive.
John knows.  Sherlock suffers, someone has to pay.  And all that knowledge doesn't help, because yes, it still hurts.
The next week goes smoothly; enough that John wishes he had a mind palace to store it somewhere, intact, in case he only remembers the less pleasant parts of Sherlock's pregnancy when time passes.  Human memory has proven to be better at remembering sad and traumatic events, an archaic survival mechanism.  Maybe John can ask Sherlock to store the 37th week of his pregnancy somewhere safe in his mind palace, for the both of them?
Besides, it isn’t like Sherlock hasn’t changed as well.  The closer he gets to his due date, the more vulnerable and overwhelmed he feels.  He’s actively seeking John’s proximity, and for the first time since they have known each other, he seems content to let him take all the decisions, even when it comes to deciding what he should eat, when he should shower, and sleep.  He’s gone quiet lately.  John doesn’t think it is exclusively due to the negative repercussions of spending the past five days at the cottage.  It had already begun before that. Sherlock’s quietness seems to be something necessary, for him, a way to concentrate on himself and what is to come, to be prepared.
Long story short?  That is why this chapter is shorter than the others, but I think you guys will forgive me.
“Was not.  You were seven years older than me; what merit is there into tricking a three-year-old child into eating anchovies?”
"I wondered why you couldn't show me earlier, since the workers left a week ago.  What is it that my dear brother was looking into?  Because you do not know. Mmh. Curious.  It might simply be something that wasn't available immediately, some... furniture or equipment," Sherlock deduces, dropping all pretence of ignorance.
Sherlock is so exasperated his eyeroll reaches epic proportions.  "I will not deduce the teacher out loud, even if I think I know better than him, or her.   The same goes with participants, as I have been informed by a certain someone that thinking they are a bunch of idiots does not allow me to state that very fact."
“Ok,” John says, feeling once more focused and in control.  “Ok.  Mycroft?  You know everything you carried to the bedroom?”
Sherlock nods.  "Then last year, it got infected, and she decided there might be a less dangerous way. She had a partial dental prosthesis, she got someone to incrust the diamond inside the false palate."
Okay, he cannot stop himself this time.  He walks slowly along the hallway, at the end of which the bathroom door is half open.  Slowing down, John takes a couple of steps, just so he can at least have a peak.
"You are right, we need to talk," John goes on, feeling Sherlock is giving him his full attention. “Let me reassure you, first. Pregnancy termination is a safe, minor intervention.  We'll find a doctor and a clinic according to your standards and preferably hidden from your nosy brother. I won't leave you, okay?  Not for one second."
Sherlock nods.  The transformation of the humid living room is quite impressive, and John is proud to have been part of it. It is like a whole section of one of Bart's laboratories has been rebuilt as accurately as possible.
John nods, biting his lips.  "I told him he makes it difficult for me to love him," he admits, unable to sustain Mycroft's stare.
"Sherlock, you know how little patience I have for being thanked,” he states with as much disdain he can put in his voice, although his eyes stay soft.  "Please save me from any form of discourse praising my generosity and just go play with your new toys."
Sherlock is finishing dressing up, sliding into a suit jacket still fitting, although he cannot close it anymore.  He raises an eyebrow at John.
“We are out of power,” Mycroft declares.  He looks funny, wearing one pair of John’s pyjama pants, way too short for him.
It surprises, John, it sincerely does.  He tries his best not to  show it, though, when he answers back.  "Anything you need, darling."
I've been wrtting for a long time, and I've always update my wip's  every five or six days, except in the case of serious RL issues.  This one won't be different.
Because Sherlock Holmes doesn't get upset over a haircut, right?  His physical appearance is a simple construct of elements put together to have the desired effect on people he meets, right?  Right.  He can pretend he doesn't care all that he wants, but he does.  So much.  It would be funny, if John didn't know better.  Because Sherlock, of course, doesn't do anything by half, and his mood is fragile these days.  If he really is that upset, it can last for days, even if in the end it's just about hair.
"No, stop it.  I understand.  Really seems like you are settling down, now.  You will have a family of your own. It's bloody awesome."
Sherlock stops John from fetching his phone in his pocket.  "No, wait.  Maybe we can walk for a while?  The night is quite agreeable.
"... and I am sorry for that.  It might be true, but I am still sorry.  You were upset, you took it out on me.  It's your oldest trick, but I still fell for it.  I shouldn't have."
Sherlock huffs.  “Oh, John, do not be ridiculous.  I was merely predicting the undoubtedly romanticised version of today’s event from your overly sentimental prose.  If we want to be down to earth and pragmatic... Sage’s birth is more of a consequence than anything else.  My body was submitted to stress for a few days, and I couldn’t rest properly.  It is enough to kick-start a labour, as you well know.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes.  "I'll write it down if you want, but here are the essentials.  Please feel free to stop me at any time if you think I have forgotten or misunderstood something.  You are a doctor after all."
John shakes his head.  He doesn’t feel like speaking in enigmas.  “He’s doing fine.  We’ve just booked a case –a rare book amateur turned thief turned murderer-“
"Hey, do not let what that despicable red-head said get to you.  You deduced her yourself, she's not worth listening to."
John is sceptical.  On the first suggestion he makes, though, Sherlock snaps at him.  "John, I have no use of your senseless theories, though they usually provide me with a direction I immediately know
Sherlock is silent for a few seconds.  He closes his eyes and inhales deeply.  Then, he stares straight into John's, open and real and vulnerable.  "Please. Let me stay.  Please, John."
Sherlock shoots straight up on his legs, moving more quickly than he has in months.  He has both hands underneath his belly, his legs parted and slightly bent, and looks down himself with an expression of complete disbelief.
It's a small bathroom, the toilet is long gone and the bath full of rotten wood planks.  Sherlock is leaning against the wall, breathing hard and fast.
“Sherlock has been through rough patches over the years.  He’s been doing better ever since he began to work with the Yard, and I intend for it to stay that way.”
There is more to it.  It’s subtle but definitely there.  After all, John and Sherlock not only live but also work together, and given John’s infatuation with the man, he notices everything that is new in Sherlock’s attitude. He then spends long hours at night tossing and turning in his bed, wondering what it can mean.
"I am sorry, love.  I wish I could help."  John kisses Sherlock's forehead.  He shrugs as if he does not expect that anyone can help.  His eyes are getting wider, their blue colour more aqua than grey, as they get each time they are filled with tears.
John smiles, wishing for the hundredth time everything was different, like back when they were kids.  It was so easy back then.  "It's a girl," he murmurs, then clears his throat again, to get rid of the bloody lump that keeps swelling there.
Sherlock brings a cup of tea to John.  He helps him sit up, arranges his pillows, and slides the rolling cart over his legs, careful not to touch the bandage.
He didn't put anything in his hair and the short curls are frizzy and catching the light, surrounding his head like a halo.  John snaps three pictures in a row and begins to walk backward.
Sherlock moves into John's arms, getting back to his previous position, so he can lay over him and let his head rest in his spot against John's neck. He arranges John's arm on his back, sighs impatiently when John doesn't get that he wants to be caressed again.  John smiles and indulges.  He drinks in the sight of Sherlock's naked body and wonders if he should have guessed, about the mutation. Carriers and men are mostly very alike, but there are still subtle differences that can be observed.  They tend to have fewer and paler body hairs – they can't really grow a beard or a moustache unless they are very patient and determined.  They also have an almost androgynous profile with delicate facial traits, and lean bodies where muscles, although present, are smaller.  Everything checks.  Adding the fact that Sherlock is gay completes the portrait.  Evolution is nothing if not logical and serving a purpose, and it had seemed to understand that it wouldn't do any good to give some men extra body parts allowing them to conceive and carry a child if they were heterosexuals.
"Oh.  No.  When I was young and my grandmother visited, she would always send me into my mother's garden to collect some herbs.  With the sage, and some basil, she would cook an Italian delicacy called
So.  With those disagreeable thoughts swirling in his tired mind, it is not surprising the way John reacts when he answers his mobile and hear his sister's voice at the other end of the line.  Normally, Harry doesn't call.  If she wants to give him some news, she'll text or email. John suspects it is in part due to her drinking habits showing in her voice.  He's fine with it.  Sporadic emails and texting is the only relationship he can have with her.  He spent years trying to help, and in the end, had understood he had to protect himself because she was dragging him down with him.
He could be speaking about his physical health or his emotional state, but knowing which doesn't matter.  John presses his hand.  "I'm sure it will."
John settles next to him and has Sherlock's head propped up on a pillow so that he can give him a massage with menthol paste.  It often works, and when it does not make a headache disappear completely, it can tone it down enough to allow the person to rest.
He should've known there would be some retaliation.  He should've been prepared. However, the sight of his favourite jumper torn to pieces had gotten the best of him.
"Look at how easy this little one makes it for me.  It is actually parting its legs," Dr. Brown had laughed before taking a screen freeze frame.  "Yep, I thought so.  You are going to have a little girl."
Sherlock had rarely been played so easily.  Laura McMasters had not only decided to run, but she had succeeded in snatching - from Sherlock's hands - the damn murder weapon he was playing with while monologuing, before disappearing at the back of the house.  John, who had been standing like a bodyguard next to Sherlock, had been distracted. Sometimes, when Sherlock starts bragging about how he had easily discovered the solution, he cannot seem to stop himself, and the words he utters at an infernal speed become meaningless once they've reached John's ears. It doesn't help that they've been working on the case four days in a row, which has John sleep deprived and overall exhausted.  So, he too hadn't anticipated the small, sobbing woman to shift into some kind of ninja Olympic racer.  John had even had the time to see the look of complete surprise on Sherlock's face before the detective had yelled, setting him into action: "John, she's getting away!"
"So, I started with a low dosage but had to increase it quite high.  He's very, very relaxed," Amy shrugs.  "Don’t worry; a single use can’t hurt the baby, but Sherlock is..."
John mumbles his agreement, still not trusting his voice.  He's actually relieved to hang up, and decidedly not allowing himself to think about Harry, not now.  He pushes his dilaudid pump button, deciding he should sleep while waiting for Sherlock's return.  How is it that he misses him so damn much?  It's barely two in the afternoon.
It is almost part of their lives, learning that the nephew of a mafia boss Sherlock had helped put away is planning to give the detective the beating of a lifetime, or catching a criminal that has been sending anonymous letters describing all the horrible ways he could torture Sherlock, before he even decided to act on his dark fantasies.  “It’s part of the game,” Sherlock liked to say.
“John, I owe you an apology.  I should have been honest with you earlier.  It would have prevented you getting abducted and used as a human bomb.”
“My head hurts, will you just shut up, you stupid git,” John goes for grumpy Doctor Watson, hoping to defuse the situation.
?" He adds, pronouncing the last word as if it is a strange, unpleasant noise, just to make sure John understand he is only being polite.
"Yes," the answer is almost inaudible.  Suddenly struck with a powerful wave of affection, John lays his hand on Sherlock's trembling back, rubbing large circles on it.
Sherlock tilts his head, frowning.  "The pain is almost gone.  There is only a vague tightening sensation around my head.  Good."
Nevertheless, the need for a new couch has been essential.  John and Sherlock had talked about the mechanics of his strict bed rest, and how to make it easier on him.  John, who had studied sleep disorder back at uni, just before he enrolled in the army, has a certain knowledge of the importance of a circadian rhythm for the human body to be able to rest.  Sherlock's sleep patterns are fragile and irregular on the best days.  It was necessary to find another place for him to rest during the day, because his brain needs to keep associating their bed with a night of sleep.  It is one of the first pieces of advice you give someone with insomnia : do not stay in bed for hours while you are awake, because it will lose its psychosomatic power over your mind.  Sherlock would also have the impression of leading a more normal life, spending his days in the living room, where there would surely be more action than in the silence of their bedroom.  The couch was the solution.  Except, for Sherlock to be as comfortable as possible, they needed a new, more comfortable and larger one.  Sherlock had protested at first: he doesn't like change in his immediate environment.  It affects him more than he will admit, John knows it.
a jerk," Lestrade agrees, in a manner of salutation.  Then he too takes a look at Sherlock.  "Wow, it's...maybe I shouldn't have texted you, I didn't know you were so close to term."
Bath time has become something special. John loves the quiet intimacy between them, how easily Sherlock accepts his help, let it be by necessity or only to indulge him, or because he does enjoy it.  With a flannel, he washes Sherlock's belly, slowly and carefully.  He feels Sage under his hand, revels in the connection between them.  John knows every square inch of Sherlock's belly perfectly; the location of each mole, the spots where red blotches are more likely to appear, the feel of the indentation of his navel under his fingers,andthe pale, thin blue lines that have appeared above his pelvis: there are three each side, in perfect symmetry –Sherlock doesn’t mind the stretch marks,he calls them his battle scars, with something like affection in his voice.
"It is strange, is what I mean to say I guess.  My libido isn't as demanding as yours -even if I take into account my newly discovered kink being explored, seeing how much I despise being sick after all, we have had more sex in the past three days than the two previous weeks..."
Sherlock takes a long, shuddering breath.  "You were right, I was being an arsehole.  You are not an idiot, John."
I will not elaborate on my difficulties in RL right now.  I am just thankful I still am passionate enough despite everything to continue and finish this story.  I am so sorry for all the wait. :(
John's surprise renders him speechless once more.  Sherlock has never intervened in his complex relationship with Harry.  He knows how difficult the issue is for him, and has never pushed.  He is probably waiting for John to open himself up, just as John doesn't ask about his addict past.  It is just... respectful, is it?  Or do they take comfort in knowing the other wears the same blinders and prefer to ignore that they both had a past before they found each other?  It suddenly seems very unhealthy.
Besides, according to my beta reader, the always thorough and lovely JJ, it once snowed in Sussex in June.  In 1975.
Before it turns to a full-on fight, John inserts himself between them and suggests they proceed. For once, they do not ignore him.
surprising, though, is the way Sherlock speaks of Mycroft; with respect, and also... affection?  God, no wonder they have such a complex relationship.
That is an understatement.  Sherlock isn’t the only one who’s had it with the pregnancy.  John wants him to be able to rest, finally, and not eat for two days in a row if he doesn’t feel like it, andmove around the flat like the bloody graceful ninja he usually is.  Hell, he even misses Sherlock’s sheepish expression when they both know he did not go out for a walk, but to smoke a cigarette.
John takes Sherlock's hand.  He still cannot tell what’s going on in his mind.  His face is very tense, and there is a frown forming in the crease of his eyebrows.
There it had been.  Disappointment, yes.  And the first tendrils of an invading, sickening wave of hate.  Not for long, but it’s still too much for John.
However, Sherlock had listened to the same news coverage and had also read something about an overflowing river somewhere close to Storrington.  This, and tiredness, got the better of him.  He was usually able to get a couple of hours of sleep at the beginning and the end of the night, but last night, he just couldn’t.  The baby had been hiccuping for hours, and moving accordingly so, to express her own frustration.  John had found Sherlock on the loveseat early that morning, staring outside the window, his eyes sunken, his skin almost translucent.  “I used to function normally despite my insomnia.  This is very frustrating,” he’d whispered, his voice low and uneven.
"I am not denying that," Sherlock protests, lifting both arms in the air.  "But growing up, I couldn't really get them to understand me, and it was easier to turn to Mycroft.  He is seven years my elder so of course I looked up to him, he "got" me, whereas I would get so frustrated when I tried to, say, explain to my father what a waste of time school was." Sherlock snorts at the memory.  "He thought I was just lazy.  Gosh, it was... Just. So. Boring.  Everything I was taught I already knew... Anyway... Now, things have changed.  See, I have collected data about a child's upbringing, and studies prove that young children sharing healthy relationships with adults other than their parents, especially in the immediate family, but not restricted to it, highly benefit from it.  Their social and intellectual development are way over the average."
"It appears I am... quite sensitive to my hair being pulled," Sherlock feels the need to explain, looking down at John.  "Oh... It's been... John, you have to understand how new it all feels to me.  I did try masturbation from time to time but it was so unsatisfying. Too many distractions and... it never felt as good as it does now."
John walks away in the direction of the kitchen.  A tea, that is what he needs, and the supper won't cook itself, Sherlock needs some greens.  He doesn't like to take the iron supplements he's been prescribed, so they compensate with food.
"Please shut up," Sherlock cuts him off.  It's more of a plea, really.  He shows without shame how upset he is, his eyes wide and too bright, his lower lip trembling.
John settles with his elbows on either side of Sherlock's head, practically lying over him, which has Sherlock's belly pressing against his own stomach.  He loves it.
"The ninth of June," John whispers, surprised by how many images those four words trigger in his mind.  Wailing babies, and round bellies, pacifiers, pastel colours and the first notes of a lullaby he can't quite remember.  But also... well,  Sherlock.  Coping with the pregnancy.  The contrast is almost shocking, if he's honest.  Sherlock, clumsy and heavy, his ankles swollen, his breath a little short from the pressure of the uterus.  There will be no more cases come spring, no stake-outs, or running through London while living on tea and biscuits.
"I am as relieved as you two are," Amy points out.  "Given that you are into your thirty second week, Sherlock, every day that passes is giving your daughter better chances to have a birth with fewer complications."
"Yes. The cottage in itself is lovely and well maintained.  A middle-aged couple was contracted to take care of it, even after I became the owner, and so it was ready to be inhabited.  Pierce, my Poker adversary, had left most of the furniture.  Although I am not one to be easily impressed by landscapes and geography, I couldn't deny that I felt immediately home, as if I belonged there."
“Oh dear God, love really does that to people,” Mycroft whispers, shaking his head.  “Sherlock said the same thing.  How terrified he was.  It would be funny if it wasn’t a pathetic cliché.  But I’m not one to judge."
"I haven't seen Sherlock today.  I'm still waiting for him to reply to my message about that chemical irregularity.  Is something the matter?"
stop, even if only to undress himself.  He could spend an eternity on that old couch with his arms full of Sherlock.
John knows what is happening.  He's seen it often in Afghanistan.  That moment where everything breaks.  Men don't cry. Soldiers even less. And when the horror becomes too much, when there is no more room inside to store away the pain, it spills out despite themselves.  Grown men don't know how to cry.  It's like watching the sorrow getting ripped from them. It's loud and ugly and painful.
And there it is, the hysterical laughter.  Sherlock has the politeness to ignore it.  He stares at John with a soft, warm expression.
"It won't be so bad, Sherlock.  I can take a leave of absence from the surgery and stay with you," John offers.
Camila didn't like to have her picture taken, it appeared, but she was featured on a couple of photos taken the week they had been renovating the shop, by Laurie Afton's niece.  The best one shows the profile of a woman with dark hair and pretty features, half hidden behind a pot plant.
He finds Mycroft still in the kitchen.  He’s done the dishes and is giving their oven a thorough clean.  Of course, Mycroft would be a neat freak.  John knows better than offer his help but decides to keep him company.  Almost immediately, another cup of coffee is put in front of him, silently.  John smiles and wraps his hands around it.  He’s part tired, part tipsy, and it feels good to be inside while the rain keeps pouring in the cold night.
John's experience at the end of his military service proved to him that he cannot bear to be cared for.  He had been a bad patient: moody, impatient, sometimes downright aggressive.  He doesn't want Sherlock to have to deal with it, but it seems unavoidable.  Inactivity forced on both parts will drive them at each other's throat in less than a week, and there is no solution.  In no universe or circumstances would John allow Sherlock to go alone on a crime scene, or really, to do any legwork, without him.  It bothered him before the pregnancy -now it's just downright unimaginable.  And John knows Sherlock will cooperate after what happened last night.
It was supposed to be an easy enough, straight-forward case.  A murder, caused by a violent love triangle.
And Beeks did what she asked.  He admits he felt like it wasn't him, disposing of the body, as if he was observing everything from outside his body.  His mother knew.  She knew who Alexandra was, and she had agreed to help, staying home that night to watch over Sophie.
John also has a look at Sherlock’s pants and assesses the clarity of the amniotic liquid.  Everything is under control.
Sherlock sits back. The trembling in his hands hasn't receded -if anything, it's even more pronounced.
But no, after the dishes are washed, and Sherlock has solved a murder via his mobile in half an hour (
Sherlock hits a small pebble with his foot, like a recalcitrant kid.  "I actually am thinking of rearranging the whole place," he mumbles.
Lestrade finds an escape by describing how they had tracked Laura McMasters back to a cousin's flat and the arrest that had followed.  John really does try to listen, but he finds himself drifting off nevertheless, missing words here and there, then whole sentences.
“Oh, by the way, how did Mycroft react to your plan of giving away top secret information to a crazy man?”
"It's incredible," he whispers, as if he's scared to upset the baby.  "She was a sesame seed not so long ago."
Then he hears it : faint cries.  It has never happened in the dream before.  John is scared to look at the backseat now, but he finds out he can actually move, because his nightmares always love to mess with him.  And his head turns slowly, irredeemably attracted to the tiny wails, the...
Sherlock lets go.  So far, he has avoided looking at John, keeping his eyes down.  He lets out a weak, shaky laugh.
He punctuates each word by shoving the doll's head in John's chest, holding it by a leg.  John sees red, and grabs the head before he gets another shove.
"A person's brain makes up a spatial representation of oneself, based on the knowledge of its own body, of course, but also mirror reflections and photographs.  Now, when there is a change that is gradual, even if said person-"
And oh, let's not forget his snorting laughter that comes out like a squeak when he's watching telly, and the blush that crawls up his cheeks, then, although he's too proud to acknowledge the noise and decidedly ignores John's amused gaze.
John huffs, takes a step forward, and does something he's never done before.  He snatches Sherlock's phone from his hand and shoves it in his own back pocket.
John had feared that Sherlock would start deducing the woman as soon as they entered her office, and call her out on daddy issues by the pictures hanging on her wall, or a negligent mother judging by a stain on her left shoe -something like that, but no.
"If there is the smallest hint of danger we'll call Lestrade.  Besides, I do not think Camila Jones, or whatever her real name was, has suffered a violent death.  I am almost certain she hasn't been murdered at all, as a matter of fact."
Anderson had appeared out of nowhere, coming from the shop where his team had finished their work.  John hadn't even heard what stupid statement coming from him had triggered Sherlock's anger.  He had just been there in time to see his face turn white as he had lay back to lean on the side of the police car, feeling a contraction.
Come midnight, Sarah invites everybody back at her place for some Brazilian coffee and a game of pool (that is how cool she is -there is a pool table in her living room).  At some point, John realises he is drunk.  He thinks about Sherlock back home, knows that they will only need to exchange a few words to put an end to their fight. It never lasts long, not when the heart of the matter is exasperation toward each other for silly reasons.  John isn't really worried, to be honest.
John smiles in understanding.  He knows Sherlock isn’t looking forward to the commotion that is about to happen, and to be honest, John isn’t either.  Here in this room, they are a family for the first time, and it feels private and precious; a moment out of time they will never get back.  Even Mycroft, after helping carry Sherlock to his bed, has made a point of leaving them alone.
"I... wonder... huh... John I am close..." Sherlock pants, closing his eyes and lowering his chin on his chest.
In a series of fluid movements, Sherlock picks up a chair set close to the table and sits next to John.  He observes the plant with great interest, picks a small leaf, and puts it in his mouth delicately, humming softly as he eats it, as if it's as exceptional as caviar.
John has taken Sherlock's hand and has pressed it on his own chest.  He's very careful to breath normally, not too quick nor too deep.  Sherlock's cries begin to weaken almost immediately.  It scares John, sometimes, how docile Sherlock can be with him, how complete and whole his trust is.  It is like handling the most beautiful but most fragile porcelain piece.  The tiniest mistake could shatter it, to a point where it would be impossible to fix.
He reaches with a trembling hand and grabs John’s shirt in a fist.  John caresses his back and his head, waits for the worst of the contraction to be over.  He feels it, probably before Sherlock, the moment his body unwinds, but the tensing of his muscles is immediately replaced by another series of shivers.  Sherlock’s teeth are chattering, hard, but he still tries to speak.
"How did she kill herself?" Sherlock asks, trying to sound at least a little sympathetic, but John can read the physical signs, knows it is one of those case where Sherlock gets so angry at other people's "stupidity", as he calls it.  Lives lost because of idiotic decisions, for absolutely no reason, he often says in these occasions.
"Is that a dare?" John jokes, but then, frowns.  "Wait. Why would we use your brother's credit card?"
Saying that I am an h/c author doesn't mean, much, as there are a full variety of them, some like a lot of hurt and a bit of comfort, others thrive on almost exclusively comfort.  Sometimes there is a lot of angst, sometimes a lot of fluff, etc.  I for myself try to stay away from character whump (personal choice) and for my comfort not to turn into a sappy fest, although the line is often thin between schmoop and sap.  Anyway, what I meant to say is that obviously, I know I prefer comfort to hurt, but I also think there HAS to be a certain amount of hurt so that the comfort feels more real, more intense.
John was getting hard, just imagining Sherlock in any of those clothes.  This is what you get when someone dresses formally all the time.  It is like having an anti-uniform kink.
That is what John is thinking of when Mycroft’s car suddenly slows down –not only that, but he has put on his four-way indicators.  John slows down too, and then stops behind him when Mycroft’s car comes to a halt.
Ah.  Yes.  Here goes.  First, there is the blush on the cheeks and shifty eyes, then Sherlock's agile hands unfastening the button of his trousers.  The button hangs down at the end of a couple of centimetres of thread, because it's been tugged at and forced in place for too long.
Sherlock seems shocked by the crude word, one he still uses very rarely.  It does have the effect of silencing him before he insults John for real, defence mechanism Sherlock-style.
Sherlock shakes his head. "I would prefer if we could start right away, while my belly is still quite modest and I am not incapacitated.  There is a lot."
“Don’t worry about that, they’re not even in the air yet,” he coaxes, “and I’ll make sure only the essential medical team has access to you.”
Sherlock moves his hand toward his crotch, to show John a darker spot the size of a tennis ball on his cream-colored cotton pants, just as if...
Later, he'll pretend he wasn't responsible for his "ridiculous display of affection" as it was most probably due to a "hormone overload."
Sherlock smiles.  "I have to admit it is quite refreshing being the reasonable one, for once.  Let me reassure you, John, I will make the experience as pleasant as possible."
He then gives the address of the abandoned building and the floor where the body had been found.  "I did not kill her.  I know you have no reason to believe me, but I would've never hurt Alex."
At the hospital, another sonogram had been done, just to be sure the foetus was getting everything it needed, and its development had been normal, its heartbeat steady, just like during the first one.  It doesn't help John feel relieved, because hell, seeing Sherlock throwing up so many times, and practically melt under his eyes, had been anything but fun.
, John thinks, standing up slowly.  He's about to ask Sherlock if he needs assistance when he hears the too familiar "click" of a trigger being pulled close to his hear.
Sherlock moans long and harsh, shaking from head to toes, and his hips stutter in quick, unorganized movements.  The redness of his cheeks rises to the tip of his ears and down his neck, where his jutting out jugular shows the strong, rapid beating of his heart.
, maybe?- to show that he cares, and it isn’t any less clumsy, but the fact that he is trying is endearing.
"And you're telling me that your brain has only just now caught up with your body?  At seven months?"
"According to most websites and a couple of books, all the necessary furniture for a nursery.  The crib, of course, and a chest of drawers.  A changing table -there is, of course, the option of combining the last two, some kind of hybrid."
"I wouldn't worry about that, Sherlock.  Soon enough you'll be in the middle of uncovering an international spy network.  Or something similar."
In the following days, he tries his best to occupy Sherlock from the moment he wakes up until they go to bed.  He suggests they go over some of the cold cases, which Sherlock accepts, and in return agrees to give his opinion on some of them.  "I already know them practically by heart.  Maybe a new perspective... "Sherlock says with a crooked smile.
"How is it," Sherlock murmurs after a few comfortable silent minutes.  "How is it that despite having a brain so much more capable than most people, I am unable to control my fears regarding the birth?"
Beeks speaks.  It is peculiar, John thinks, how you can unravel the essence of a person's life in a ten-minute speech.  He met Alexandra Jez at the little gardening shop.  It had been love at first sight.  He knew her as Camila, and it was only when he had suggested they could regulate her situation that she admitted she was on the run.  She was the daughter of a Polish diplomat who was a psychopath that exerted complete control over her and her mother.  She had tried to run when she'd been a teenager, but he had successfully used his numerous connections to have her back.  There was no type of abuse - sexual, physical or psychological - she hadn't been submitted to.  And although she'd been in England for a year at that point, and her father, who had suffered a stroke a month before her second tentative to escape him, wasn't as capable as he used to, she was still living in fear, constantly.  Beeks had tried to help her at first, suggesting they could go to the embassy, explain her story to immigration.  She said if he continued to insist one morning he would wake up and she would be gone.  He also tried to get her to see a psychologist: her fear wasn't "normal" according to Beeks.  It was too much.  She was always watching her back, refused to do anything social, and only left the house to work, or when she was forced to.
"Well, what can I do?  I know you know I was waiting for your brother's permission to show you what we have done in 221a-"
"Mr. Holmes's lungs are clear, and there is little secretion in the bronchial tubes.  This treatment is more of a prevention, to avoid eventual respiratory congestion.  His oxygen level is good.  He won't need the mask when I am done."
John nods, smiling.  He opens his mouth and bends his head slowly, watching how Sherlock's eyes widen.  He licks his mouth in anticipation.  It's incredibly erotic.  No teasing, John remembers, then swallows Sherlock to the root, which is rewarded by a loud, high-pitched moan.  As John begins a pumping movement, dragging his lips up and down the shaft, Sherlock parts his legs farter and bends them closer to his body.  His thighs are tense and trembling already.
In front of them, about a quarter of a mile ahead, the road junction has disappeared.  All that’s left is a giant pit of mud that the - supposedly lovely- river now fills.
In the meantime, if there is anyone still following this fic, I hope you will at least enjoy this part, and forgive me for making you wait for so long.
John is about to turn up the volume when a soft snoring noise catches his attention.  Sherlock is asleep, his head tilted to the side, nose buried in his scarf.  John shuts the radio off and smiles fondly.  This is not a time for nostalgia, nor a time to visit his parent's grave -so many times he did in his mind, so little in real life- or wonder about Harriet's current state.  During their last conversation, she said she was spending the holidays in Paris with her new flame, whose name John has already forgotten.  Harriet's speech had been slow and a little slurred, and he knew she had started drinking again.  On and off, it's been going like that for years.  John has learned not to hope anymore.
Sherlock nods, grabbing John's uncertain hand and placing it under his own.  "She kicked," he whispers, as if his voice could disturb the baby.
Sherlock frowns.  “As a doctor, you should know the second trimester of a pregnancy is often a period of renewed energy.  I do feel great, though I am in no way “glowing” as those stupid magazines would have you believe.  As if there could be any medical reason to literally shine.  It’s ridiculous.”
John takes a deep breath.  There is a third option he hadn’t thought about, that doesn’t involve trying to lie –it doesn’t even involve talking.  And it’s so, so much better.
"I've gotten better in the past few months, haven't I, though?" Sherlock asks, wrapping his arms around John's neck and looking at him with this intense affectionate look he reserves just for him.
"It's alright," Sherlock cuts him off curtly. "I am indeed pregnant, there is no problem in Angie stating a fact."
The thing is, John would have liked to be prepared; to have some time to digest Mycroft’s revelations.  That is what is making him so anxious, right there, because John knows as soon as he gets in the door, Sherlock will ask casually how Mycroft is doing, or something similar; he always can deduce when John has had a meeting with him. And then, of course, he will want to know what he wanted with John - Sherlock hates above all how Mycroft insinuates himself in his private life. He won't drop the subject before knowing exactly what he wanted with John this time.  And then, he’ll only have to look at John’s face to get the truth, as inconvenient and embarrassing t is for the both of them.
"What did you tell your friends... Although I figure, by your late wife's behaviour, you didn't have many friends left anymore.  Travel?  Divorce?  Ran off with another man?
“Yes I know," John agrees. "I cannot believe how much junk we’ve managed to accumulate in just a little more than a year.”
They watch lots of bad telly during that week; they play board games, they nap in the middle of the day, cook together.  They also talk.  John cannot remember a time when talking with Sherlock about their daughter and the changes to come in their life has been easier. Sage’s second name is chosen during those long conversations. John is surprised when Sherlock suggests Martha as the baby’s second name.  It is true Mrs. Hudson has done a lot for them- she isn’t their housekeeper, at least according to her- but she is much more than this : she’s a second mother to both of them.
"Well, two things could happen.  One, your body will take care of it by itself, while you sleep, reminding you of the awkward wet dreams of your teenager self."
The plan...?  Oh.  The plan... right.  John rubs at his face, remembering the date.  He was supposed to find a way to take Sherlock out of the flat tomorrow, while Mycroft would coordinate the make-over of Sherlock's future laboratory in 221a.  He doesn't need to think long before answering.
John shakes the large hand, once more surprised by the strength of it despite the old man's almost fragile frame.
Long story short, John knows, early on that it will be a difficult day.  He's crouching on the floor helping Sherlock into his trainers and dares to remark that even with these shoes, the laces aren't long enough to tie in together. The kick on the chin he receives -
“Oh, so you’ve noticed as well.  It shouldn’t surprise me, Dr. Watson, since the current matter concerns you. “
“It’s ok, no one panic, every contraction pushes the amniotic liquid out.  The baby must have moved a bit and more of-“
"I wasn't aware we were playing a game so it hardly concerns me.  I have more pressing matters to attend to nevertheless, so I'm going to leave you to your nonsense."
Sherlock shakes his head at him, but the pink colour of his cheeks says he does appreciate the compliment.  Of course he does.
just doesn't do.  It had forced John back in a dark, gloomy corner at the edge of his mind, a place he thought he had left behind under the intense hot sun of Afghanistan.
"Listen Sherlock, I am fine.  I know what signs to watch out for, in case of a complication.  I wouldn't go home if I wasn't confident I can take care of myself.  You won't have to do a thing, I can-"
It is clear the officer has not heard him.  “Please go back to your house.  We’ll send a team as soon as possible.  Do not try to find another path, I repeat, do not try to find another path.  The ground is still unstable.”
“He must have been pretty pissed,” John can’t help but feel amused.  Sherlock’s pleasure at pissing off his brother must be contagious.
"I... I have relied on you to keep me safe," Sherlock says, lowering his eyes.  "Before.  I have been reckless."
Downstairs, a huge plate of spaghetti Puttanesca is waiting for him.  He’s pleasantly surprised to see Sherlock has already started eating.  Of course.  John watches Mycroft, who is looking at Sherlock with a satisfied expression. He would have picked a meal he knew Sherlock would appreciate.
"We done?"  John clears his throat and stands up, surprised to find it difficult to talk around the lump of emotion swelling in his throat.  He's a wuss.
"Last time I cried like that I was eleven and my dog had died," he says, voice breaking from all the crying.
, John says, but the inside of his mouth is thick and sticky, too dry, and all that gets out is a weak sound, muffled by the oxygen mask.
he admonishes himself.  He sees the envelope stamped with the British government seal and his breath catches in his throat.
"I assure you, Maria, I will take full responsibility for my taking over, you will not be blamed." John tells her.
"I'm going to hold you up to it," Sherlock answers, lifting a corner of his mouth in another tiny smile.
ACD used the name "Violet" for secondary female characters at least three times, and more generally, it is often used as the name of Sherlock's mother in movies, series, but also post-ACD Sherlock Holmes stories.
"Hmm I like that you like that," Sherlock admits, his voice even lower.  "What was I say... oh... say-h-ing?  Right.  I think Maybe it has to do with how weird I have f-felt in the past month or sssso...
"Do not worry, I'll take care of everything," Sherlock concludes, kissing his mouth so softly it is more like he just let his lips touch there, light, but reassuring.
Ok, then.  John goes back to work, doing his best to ignore Sherlock and remain calm.  This is bound to happen, he thinks:  Sherlock annoying the hell out of him while a very real, wiggling, crying baby needs to be cared for.  John needs to practice his patience. A calm parent means a calmer baby, after all.
"He was hell.  Oh, my, they both were.  In different ways.  Sherlock... the first six months, he cried almost constantly.  Nothing would calm him down.  I was going mad.  I took him countless times to the  doctor -I was sure he had to be in pain somehow... And then, it changed.  He spoke his first words around his sixth month, and it got better from then on.  He was walking at nine months old, speaking full sentences at twelve.  Questions, only questions, there never was an end.” She smiles wryly. “I knew by then he had inherited a similar intellect as Mycroft.  Like I've said, though, they were different.  Mycroft had been a quiet baby and reserved child.  Always asking to be left alone, never appreciated being held or cuddled.  But Sherlock, God...he was practically glued to me.  Could cry for hours when he was sad and laugh as long when he was happy."
"You have the patience of a saint, and I deserved far worse," Sherlock dismisses John's apology with a lazy hand gesture.  "I
Sherlock ends the push on a painful moan, his whole body shaking.  One of the disadvantages of this position is that John cannot see his face.  It is Mycroft who’s sliding his hand over Sherlock’s forehead, pushing the damp curls away, telling him to relax now, and how good he is doing, calling him ‘little bee’, which seems to be an old nickname.  John is a bit jealous.  He covers Sherlock’s backside once more and leaves his spot, asking Mycroft to go fill a bowl of boiled water, so that he can sit in his place for the short time they have until the next contraction.
I just wanted to say that Sherlock's struggle deciding if he wants to keep the baby or not is his own.  I am not establishing a statement here, he is not pro-life, he is just considering his own desires and needs.  I hope I haven't offended anyone.
Sherlock lifts his chin with all the dignity he can manage and ignores John's bright smile in favour of the plate of cinnamon swirls biscuits.  He snatches two and shoves them both in his mouth.  It's good to see him eating.  John can see Louisa make the same observation.  He can practically see how she goes from almost scolding him about eating biscuits before breakfast, but then her eyes catch the way Sherlock's pyjamas are riding low on his waist, revealing a hipbone, and she just smiles very softly.
Sherlock reaches the table, rubbing at his eyes, puts a hand on John's shoulders and bends over him.
John realises he hasn't paid attention to him since he took control.  He grabs his hand and presses it.
"It is different, John.  You cannot take my pain.  Or give birth to our child, for that matter," Sherlock adds with a miserable snort.  "Ten years ago, that is how I felt all the time, right before Mycroft had me put in solitary for a week, then in rehab."
Sitting down in the bath is a real challengewhen you've reached your third trimester and have a belly that's pointing forward like a vertical American football.  Sherlock is panting by the time he's done.As he’s used todoing by now, John kneels besides him to wash his back, then helps him lay back on the inflatable cushion
And here they are.  John had been careful, over the course of the past ten days, not to mention the matters Sherlock had complained about to Amy Brown.  He wanted to give him a chance to do it voluntarily, and maybe being on strict bed rest wouldn't be the best moment to do so anyway.
Yes, it sounds a bit melodramatic.  Nevertheless, John hopes watching these couples welcoming their child might help Sherlock see the brighter side of things.  He does promise to give the documentary a real chance -the fact that he has his mouthful of popcorn, then crisps, does help reassure John.  Even if he does try to appear untouched, and even a little bored by the culmination of the documentary, John can see he is emotionally engaged, especially with the natural birth.  The bag of crisps is forgotten and he's holding their old union Jack cushion tight against his chest.  John has to admit he himself cannot help but imagine what it will be like to watch his daughter being born.  His concern over Sherlock's well-being abates for a while and he can almost hear her faint cries, watch her tremble and jerk under the crude light, covered in vernix.  Sherlock casts him a look, and John tries not to hide his sincere smile.  They are both emotionally constipated, he thinks, and it is pathetic, how it seems almost indecent to enjoy the simplest things.
Tomorrow morning, hopefully, the worst of the storm will be over and they’ll all head back to London -even Mycroft, whom, to Sherlock and John’s complete surprise, had agreed it wasn’t a good idea to drive in the tempest and invited himself to stayfor the night.  While John was trying to stop himself from gaping, Sherlock had started a long questionnaire to be certain Mycroft wasn’t sick or delirious, and John wasn’t even certain he’d been joking.
John checks that the bottle of mineral water and the crackers are on the bedside table, then walks out of the room silently.
Mycroft is standing in the hallway, not even looking toward the bathroom.  It wouldn’t be polite, John thinks, and has to bite back a nervous laugh.  He stands up, leaving a reassuring hand on Sherlock’s shoulder.
It is another five long minutes before John finally hears Sherlock's footsteps on the stairs, way slower than his usual pace.  He comes in, shoulders slumped, eyes lowered on the floor, just like a little kid who knows he is in trouble but has to come forward nevertheless.
“Look at you though; you know how proud of you I am, right? You’re doing so well, Sherlock...you’re brilliant.  Listen, if you want to try for the bedroom, I think we should do it now, before the expulsion phase begins –but we don’t have to,” he adds quickly, when panic widens Sherlock’s eyes once more, “ if you think you can’t, but you would be more comfortable in a bed and...”
Sherlock’s lips are wet and plump.  It takes all but one second before they part open, while the rest of his body relaxes.  A little.  An almost inaudible noise escapes Sherlock’s throat, a short whine, high-pitched and trembling.  John has to part his lips, then, because he needs to swallow it.  It’s his.  He’s responsible for that sound, and it’s going straight to his groin.
But then, what if his emotional self became as confident as his detective self? What would John be for him then?
Sherlock stares at John for several long seconds.  Then, he smiles.  A true, wide smile. "Oh, John, you are ridiculous."
He ends the call with Greg Lestrade and lets John help him into the back of the cab, twisting his belly to the side and cursing his "traitor of a transport".  Once he's seated, he slides his own phone in his pocket and keeps John's one, dragging his finger on the screen a couple of times.
Falling asleep on Sarah's couch is an accident.  John wakes up around eight, still fully clothed and covered in a blanket a bit too small.  He is kind of shocked to realise he hadn't made it back home last night.  It's bad.
He wonders if the case of the Sussex Vampire is still on his mind. It's been a week since they visited the Beeks family.  The morning after, they had paid a visit to Scotland Yard and everything had playedout just as Sherlock had planned.  Beeks will be charged on the account of having failed to declare his wife's death and dispose of the body, but Lestrade had assured them he wouldn't go to jail, given the circumstances.  He could find the right prosecutor to be sympathetic to Beeks' cause, and Sherlock had asked Mycroft for the best attorney Beeks could afford.  Luckily, Alexandra Jez's note has been examined and certified authentic, and now that the medical examiner knows what to look for, he might be able to find traces of alcohol and drugs used by the victim.  No one has suggested that Social Services should be involved.
"There is one last thing I need to give you," Mycroft explains, his expression telling just how he himself wishes he was already gone.  "It was John's idea, but if I am honest with you, brother dear, it really is more of a gift to myself."
"A little," Sherlock agrees, and then, finally, John can feel his body give in to the post-orgasm tiredness.  John takes the opportunity to withdraw, wincing in sympathy when Sherlock groans.
John should be angry at Mycroft’s way of referring to Sherlock, but what he sees in his eyes is only affection, with a pinch of exasperation.
Perfectly?  Maybe not.  Sherlock's uneasiness was almost palpable.  John is curious, but he has a job to do, so he keeps on walking, and after a few more seconds of hesitation, Beeks leads the way to the kitchen.
John is awake enough to blush.  Sherlock freezes.  “It must be the weak light in which I’m standing,” he explains, like the moment isn't awkward enough as it is.
And... he's right, damn it.   John takes a deep breath, exhaling through his nose, and shoves the nappy into Sherlock's hands.
"Sorry, I am so sorry," Sherlock repeats, bending down to press a kiss to John's dry lips, as if wanting to swallow his cries of pain.  "Do not worry, the ambulance will be here soon.”
"Here is what I meant to say.  Mycroft took care of things, resting assured that any time I wish to go to Sussex, the cottage would be ready on a two days notice.  I really did intend to go back, but like I have said, London is a magnet for me, and of course, the Work is my priority.  To be honest, I didn't delete it but the cottage was buried deep into my mind palace.  It didn't even occur to me to mention it to you."
“Right,” Sherlock agrees, eyes closed, nostrils dilated.  “There,” he exhales, his body starting to relax.  “It’s almost... almost over.”
Sherlock rarely does this kind of stuff.  He's a cuddler, and a demanding one at that, but outside of the bedroom, his touches remain chaste, innocent. Maybe his mood has really improved after all, and his attitude isn't exclusively due to Mycroft's presence.
“I don’t want a whole bloody delegation trooping into the cottage while I’m pushing a baby out of me,” Sherlock protests, with enough strength that John knows he is serious.
"Yes.  I can admit now drugs were taking over.  I've always described myself as a user, not an addict, but it is such utter tosh.  I was definitely not in control anymore.  I would take a hit to get the control back, but it was worse.  Nothing worked anymore, being sober or high, the control was gone.  I huh... harmed myself, and others, I was at a point where I was obviously trying to end my life without admitting to myself I was suicidal."
Oh Jesus.  The enormity of their conversation is hitting John like a punch in the guts.  Mycroft Holmes, the man who is practically the British Government, is playing matchmaker."
John’s reply dies on his lips.  He’s hot suddenly, and slightly nauseous. The smell of the scotch alone is too much.  John puts the glass on the floor and sits back slowly, keeping his eyes down.
John had yelled at him until his voice broke, burning with anger, but mostly fear, and it must have been impressive because Sherlock had understood. Hadn't even tried to argue.  In fact, he had been the one to promise he wouldn't lie again about his whereabouts, and he had respected his promise up until now.
Today, Sherlock is wearing pale jeans and a light cotton long-sleeve shirt, with the sleeves rolled up to the elbows.  It's of a baby blue colour, and gives Sherlock's peculiar silhouette so much sweetness.  He's still thin, and more delicate than ever, the impression of fragility he emits is almost heart-breaking.  Without his belly, Sherlock's body lines were all sharp and strong, his way of moving giving them a discreet but definite strength, graceful but dangerous. Now, the roundness of his baby bump, plus the few pounds he managed to put on, have broken those rigid lines, and with the haircut taking at least four years from him, it only reinforces this impression of frailty.
He does hear some noises from the living room.  Sherlock's violin.  He isn't playing, but he's about to play: the strange creaks mean he's tuning his strings.
John is almost certain he can hear his baritone voice, and guesses he must be yelling, or at least, speaking very loud.  Sherlock wants to be in the ambulance with him.  John isn't sure it will be allowed.  Depends on his vital signs, and the percentage of chances he'll go into cardiac arrest on the way to the hospital.  No paramedic wants to deal with a hysterical fiancé, family member or anyone else, when trying to save a life.
Sherlock lifts his head to look at John, as if he wants to read on his features what he thinks of his declaration.  His eyes are still heavy with sleep, and his cheeks are red, just like his lips.  He’s gorgeous. “You really are a fascinating creature,” John says, and kisses him softly.  Just as Sherlock’s mouth is opening to him, it closes abruptly, ending the kiss. Sherlock grunts loudly, then hisses, pressing  his hand, hard, on the left side of his belly.
"You are a butcher," he snarls." Get the other arm.  I am an ex drug addict.  Those veins are ruined.  Oh, stop looking at me like that, and get the hell on with it!"
Automatically, John stretches an arm to feel it for himself, but Sherlock grabs his wrist and gives him a severe look, murmuring between clenched teeth : "Don't you dare, she has just calmed down.  If you wake her up, I swear to god, John... Why are you smiling?"
On the sixth of April, it seems like the rain is finally going to give them a break, and it is also the day Sherlock's mood changes.  He's up before John early in the morning, taking a shower that seems to last for an hour.  When John meets him in the bathroom, he finds him naked still, his body glistening with water droplets, staring at his reflection in the mirror. He catches John’s sleepy eyes squinting at him and closes his, taking a deep, loud breath.
Outside, Sherlock lets go of John, puts his hands on his hips and shakes his head.  "If ridicule could kill we would both be death," he pants.
John also buys a new couch, with some regret because the old, comfortable couch holds many memories of his and Sherlock’s blooming relationship.  It's on this couch Sherlock had admitted his inexperience, and had reacted so beautifully to John bringing him to orgasm for the first time.  It's on this couch that they have spent so many evenings, with Sherlock lying down, his head on John's lap, having his hair played with : there, on the used cushions, John had discovered what a tactile person he was, and how much he must have been starving for human touch that he now never seemed to have enough.
"I was merely observing," Mycroft points out, showing the small satisfied smile he always does when he succeeds in irritating Sherlock.
It's torture, seeing Sherlock trying to find the right words while remaining in control of his emotions.  His hormonal state must make it even more difficult than usual. With John alone, he might have just let go and allowed himself to feel but there is Mycroft staring at him with interest and intent.
John does, with complete clarity.  The betrayal and hurt he saw on Sherlock's face - those few seconds were essential in his understanding of the man.  Not a robot, nor a psychopath, high-functioning or else. A human being, just like him.
It's not long before he has Sherlock's legs on his shoulders, while both his hands are planted on the floor on each side of Sherlock's head, pushing and pulling, carefully controlling the strength he puts into it, because the fire is pretty close. Its lighting on Sherlock's dark curls is setting them aglow, making the copper highlights stand out, the same colour of Sherlock's beard when he doesn't shave for three or four days.
“I had to,” Sherlock replies, managing to look disdainful despite his bleeding nose and wet curls.  “You weren’t breathing.”
"Just so you know, John, I did hydrate as much as I could, but being sick every four hours or so makes it difficult to keep a balance."
Sherlock nods several times.  He lifts his head, takes another deep breath, and wipes his cheeks with his hand, choking a curse.  Then he looks back at John, and he seems, if not at peace, calmer.  His cheeks are red and his eyes shine, a dark reflection of a grey cloud that's covering the sun.
Yes, the case.  It was going so well.  Confident of getting a confession, Sherlock had confronted the suspect at home, while Lestrade and a couple of officers had waited outside to make the arrest.
Lifting his head, John sees that Sherlock is trying to straighten himself, while his eyes move quickly from left to right.  He looks very anxious.
The only truly negative aspect of the expelled phase is the short period of time in between the contractions.  A new pattern has emerged: they are regular again, but with barely two minutes in between, it doesn’t give Sherlock much time to rest.  John has suggested he can skip a contraction, and keep his strength to push during the next one, but Sherlock can’t.  The urge is too great to fight it.  Nevertheless, so far, he’s holding his own.
What changes is his attitude toward John, and at first John is unsure if it’s a good or bad thing.  It starts immediately after Moriarty's death.  John comes home feeling fine, his broken wrist more of an annoyance than anything else.  It doesn’t prevent Sherlock from being overly cautious with him, as if John is recovering from a terrible disease.  Of course, with Sherlock being who he is, the care taking is unorthodox at the very least.  It’s in the very small things: offering tea and actually making it himself once in a while, running errands now and then, keeping quiet at night, his violin reserved for daylight for the time being.  Sherlock even takes it upon himself to order take out (with
The wine tastes a bit too good, but after the stress John has been put through for the last five days, he deserves it.
John wraps his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and caresses his belly with his free hand.  They stay in a peaceful, enjoyable silence, for several minutes.
John tries to keep his expression as open and honest as possible.  Sherlock frowns, and seconds pass by, until a quick smile twist up his lips.
Beeks had found her dead one day when he returned from work.  She had chosen a Wednesday, because she knew Angie had an art class and wouldn't be back before Stephen.  There were pills and alcohol on the bedside table.  She had left a note, a note that was perfectly in harmony with her character.  She couldn't go on, but she feared for Sophie's life.  She pleaded for Beeks to dispose of her body so that there would be no record, no paper trail.  That was the ultimate gift she could make to her daughter, she had written, freeing her from herself and her past.
Of course, he is wrong.  It soon becomes evident that it is bothering Sherlock, and it shows, especially when they are out in public.  He has never had a problem with gathering attention, on the contrary acting as if he deserved it, gracing ordinary people with his precious presence. Now, though, he acts as if every look he gets is because of the weight he carries in front of him, and not due, say, to his personality.
Sherlock is visibly lost in his own head, sitting on the couch with his knees drawn up, wrapped in his night gown.  He takes the cup from John with a nod of acknowledgement and wraps both hands around it, as if to warm himself up.
All those changes adding up, it sometimes makes John doubt his theory about Sherlock’s asexuality.  What if by saying women were not his expertise, what he really meant that evening at Angelo’s was that he was gay.  He hadn’t exactly contradicted John when he had mentioned awkwardly that it was all fine.  John himself had messed up, almost proclaiming his heterosexuality to the whole restaurant.  He had been caught off guard, and hadn’t wanted Sherlock to think he was flirting with him –which he wasn’t.  Not so early on.  And then, they had both been trapped by what they had said.  What if Sherklock?...
And then, twenty-four hours have passed and Sherlock is still nowhere to be seen.  The only logical thing to do next is to call Mycroft.
“Nevertheless,” Sherlock says calmly, adjusting his scrubs top like it’s a posh two hundred pound shirt, “I should leave you to rest.”
"I..." Harry hesitates.  He can picture her, twirling a strand of pale hair around her finger, as she always does when she is nervous.
"If you are trying to bribe me with sex, I'll have you know I might not control most of my body anymore, but I can still ignore its most basic instinct."
John tries to calm himself down.  He won't get anything through to Sherlock if he gets as upset as him.  "It only makes you who you are.  I would never, ever ask you to give up your work for me."
P.S.  I know I have some readers who, like me, really love the Mycroft character, and I hope you guys are happy about the place he has in the sixth part of my story.
So sensitive.  John wonders if he is responsible for it, and to which level.  After tonight, especially, the question is one to be explored.  The chemistry between them when they first met had established the basis of their relationship very early on, and it had only become  more entrenched  after they fell in love.  John had remained the protector and the caretaker, not only for Sherlock's mind but also for his heart.  Sherlock's love for him is so absolute, and his trust isn't based on anything logical,   If John had evil intentions, he could play Sherlock like an instrument.
There is no trace of John's petulant, hyperactive consulting detective.  John smiles back, pressing Sherlock's shoulder.  He doesn't miss the tremors running through his body.
The three sticks all show a positive result.  Sherlock is buying himself some time for what will probably be the most intense freak out of his personal history.  It can't go otherwise, right?  Sherlock cannot be that mundane about something as serious as finding himself with child.
"Listen, little brother, I need to go.  Just... you don't have to answer, alright?  I get it.  I will let you rest.  Maybe... maybe you'll write soon, when you feel better?"
Sherlock nods again.  His face is half covered by an oxygen mask now, and John hates not being able to see him properly to assess his psychological state.  He has no choice, though: with Sherlock's sinuses being as clogged as they are, a nasal cannula wouldn't be effective.
Then his eyes widen comically, and John can almost hear the laugh track in the background, as if they are all part of a very bad sitcom.
"Oh," Sherlock finally repeats, and a red flush appears on his chest, then his neck, before invading his already pink face.  "It's... "
For the past two days, John has begun walking around the cottage, slowly, enjoying the simple fact of being mobile again.  His leg is sore, his whole body feels weak from the long rest, and John plans to get back his strength as quickly as possible.  That afternoon, he is sitting on the porch, his leg propped on a chair, pretending to read, but really, looking at Sherlock's long dark silhouette detaching itself from the pale sky.  He's walking at what he considers a slow pace, which means, about the normal speed for everyone else.  The cliff is almost always windy, as it is today, the air fresh, cold, feeling like a pinch when an especially strong blow hits your face.  Sherlock walks with his hands in his pocket, his coat and scarf flapping behind him, and if he were closer, John could see his hair, messy and wild, undulating around his face.
Sherlock gives him another quick look.  "Studying bees isn't possible in a metropolitan setting.  I could have bee hives here.  I could write a book.  There are still many facts we do not know about bees -some species have just recently been discovered.  Fascinating creatures.  I do not care if I make a living out of it : some of the cases we've worked in the past year have secure my future up to a certain point, and I am, of course, the beneficiary of a trust fund."
It is getting increasingly difficult for Sherlock to sleep at night, and he needs rest, so it is not uncommon for John to find him asleep on the couch in the middle of the day, sometimes twice–John even naps with him, sometimes.
.  Is it too soon? What is the damn etiquette for a love declaration?... John has always been more of a one-night/friends with benefits kind of guy.
“It’s eight hundred and twenty-seven,” Sherlock mumbles.  He crosses his arms over his chest, ready to indulge in yet another sulking session, when suddenly, his face lights up, just the way it does when he understands a difficult problem.
John must have missed something, busy trying to contain his amusement.  Sherlock stares intently at him, then stretches his hand and pinches John's nose, smiling at his own gesture.
He pushes in, and it's like sliding into butter, and it's tight, though, tighter than a woman's vagina, and it squeezes John just right.  He pauses, looking down at Sherlock who pants softly, his hands gripping the sheets.
John knows what Sherlock is doing.  There isn’t enough space between him and the floor for John to work properly.  At this point, he doesn’t even question Sherlock and just goes with the motion. Mycroft slowly slides down the floor, bring Sherlock with him, careful of the baby hanging between his bloody legs.
The documentary is following two American gay couples thorough both carrier's pregnancies, one of which ends in a planned C-section, while the other ends in a natural birth.  Sherlock has been more than suspicious of John's idea to help him with his fears, and to his credit, John's explanations were a little blurry.  In his head, it is so clear: Sherlock is focused on the science of birthing, on the logic behind every symptom, every fact, and in doing so, they both might have missed what normal parents-to-be experience; nervousness and joy, expectations, living in the present instead of worrying about the future -and most of all, enjoying the chance they have to experience the arrival of a child.
His name is called, his chest is rubbed, one of his fingernails is pricked with a needle.  He knows.  They want him to react, they need to evaluate his awaken state.  John would very much like to answer, but he can't.  Somewhere between his brain ordering and his body responding, the communication is cut.  He knows he makes noises and blinks, it's the best he can do.
Sherlock has more trouble speaking, which is a good thing, because John's dick is beginning to ache, the need to slide into Sherlock's tight passage getting urgent.  He's surprised when Sherlock moves them, silently asking for the position he wants.
He does not miss, though, how Beeks insists on shaking Sherlock's hand, and thank him with conviction.
"No, you wally, shut up," John can't help but smile at the way Sherlock needs their conversation to be a battle of wits sometimes, especially when he feels himself exposed, vulnerable.  John knows better than to give him satisfaction.  "What I mean is, from the get go, I knew we would do things the way we wanted.  Because you don't care about convention and taboos and social norms.  And it's not because you've never done this before, it's because you don't understand why people burden themselves with it."
know.  When he appears in the waiting room of the A & E, Anthea following him like a shadow, John himself has been waiting for ten...no... almost twelve minutes.
"And now, please shut up, I need to think," John adds in a - quite pathetic, truly - imitation of Sherlock.
John is quick to fetch the water and the flannel.  He doesn't want to give Sherlock the time to compose himself and retreat behind his walls.  He finds him still sitting, although it seems like an effort to hold himself up.  John wipes his face delicately with the flannel, trying to catch his gaze but failing.  Sherlock drinks the whole glass of water, loudly, then silently hands it to John.  He's still shaking, although it is now more from exhaustion than stress.
"There is still time," Sherlock murmurs, his speech slowing down, a sure sign he's about to fall asleep.
"I always need it," John goes with it easily.  They are both safe in bed, after all.  He cannot refuse Sherlock, when he asks, because he doesn't do it often, and John knows how much courage it takes him.
Sherlock elbows him before rearranging himself, as close to John as he can be.  They remain like that in the dying afternoon, and John cannot help but think, very selfishly by his own admission, that ready or not, he would like to keep Sherlock to himself for as long as possible.  Afterward, he will have to share, like it or not.
(It is one of the cold cases Sherlock goes back to more frequently.  More than ten years old, it implies a negligent inspector, a strange message on a voice mail and an unidentified body missing its head, showing signs of poisoning despite the important state of decay of the corpse.)
The wine might be hitting even harder than John had thought, because there he is, still laughing softly, sat on the luxurious bed.  It’s not only the wine, though.  It’s the relief of knowing Peter Blair is back in jail and not hovering around, ready to attack Sherlock.
John casts one last look at his jumper and storms out of the apartment.  He needs a bit of air.  He hates being angry at Sherlock, hates how their fights always seem to have a ridiculous aspect to them.
John can see it in Sherlock's eyes, although he tries to hide it, that is he is as upset as John by his nervous breakdown.
It's nine in the morning and they have nowhere to be.  John relaxes.  He'll gladly nap with Sherlock for a while.
He was aware that Sherlock would tense first.  For a man who doesn’t like being touched and has only recently shown he’s getting used to it when it’s John, not tensing would have been the abnormal reaction.
John had hesitated when Lestrade had offered to take them to the hospital in his own car, because it would have been just as quick, but he had thought if anything were to happen there would at least be medical equipment to use in the ambulance.  Now, he regrets that decision.
This is the last part of Accomplishment.  I hope you will enjoy it.  As explained in the previous chapter, I will add the "buy me a coffee" link at the end, and add some notes about this part.
"I do not think it is necessary.  You only work part time anyway, and I might be... quite disagreeable," Sherlock jokes weakly, offering John a pitiful smile.
John lies down over Sherlock, kissing him slowly, circling his hips so that their filling cocks can brush against the other now and then.  He's in no hurry; every minute they spend in bed is a bored-Sherlock-free minute after all.  Sherlock presses himself against John, caresses every inch of skin he can get his hands on, rubbing his face at the juncture of John's neck and shoulders, as if he wants them to fusion, as if it can happen if he tries hard enough.  So tactile, so responsive.
John concentrates on re-establishing the connection between his mind and body, even though it means feeling pain again.  He needs to.  And... yes.  He moves his fingers.  Not much, but enough to hear Sherlock's voice, closer.
Something warm is laid upon him, the couch's blanket.  John thinks he should be surprised -again, it's getting old- but he just doesn't have the strength.
"I am not on drugs!" Sherlock's voice is raising a notch, and he’s got that dangerous look in his eyes.
Under John's hand, the baby kicks, hard enough for Sherlock to tense all over.  "She bit me," he hisses.
John lifts himself on his elbows, trying his best to ignore his frustrated penis and bollocks, both so close to release.
This case had been different from the beginning for various reasons, none of which were its weirdness, despite that being one of the main attractions of cases where Sherlock is involved.  It gets under Sherlock's skin, deeply enough that John can feel it reverberate, like a vibration of sadness and melancholy reaching him when he comes close to the detective.
John takes the socks off his long, arched feet and begins massaging them.    Sherlock is completely shameless regarding how much he likes it.  John doesn't even wait for him to ask anymore.
John stretches his hand, fingers splayed, in front of Sherlock.  He smirks.  "Yes, but my hands are much more agile."
Oh, it’s heart-breaking, how young and lost he looks in the moment.  John finds it in him to push back his own anxiety.  Not now.  He’ll allow himself a good old breakdown, but only after their daughter is born.
Sherlock, whose face is bright red - and oh look, with his ears bare, John can see how the blush has stretched to them, colouring the tip - and whose eyes cast a mix of anger and embarrassment, walks straight past him, and into their bedroom, his newly cut curls bouncing on the top of his head.  It breaks John's heart a little to see him so upset over something as mundane as a haircut.
Sherlock hasn't closed his gown.  He's gone back to facing the mirror, as if incapable of taking his eyes away from it.
"Ok, so, the best way to kill your brother is evidently to hug him to death," John jokes, his laugh getting caught in his throat when he finds himself with an armful of Sherlock, hugging him way less platonically than he did Mycroft, arms around his neck, kissing him so brutally John almost chokes.
John laughs out loud, head turned toward the sky.  He feels something cold landing on his lips, and opens his eyes wide, wondering if it really is what he thinks it is.
Why is his heart pounding so hard, then, and his palms sweaty, enough that his glass slips and he straightens his hold just in time?
And then, Sherlock is violently dragged away from John, fighting a black silhouette that has seemingly materialised to their right.
A surge of emotion pierces through John's involuntary indifference. He feels his eyes burn under his now closed eyelids. It hurts, because he's dehydrated, of course.  Whatever blood is left in his body has been directed to the most important organs: his brain, heart, liver and kidneys.  Not to waste on tears.
Underneath the apparently childish way he proposes to get out of a boring task, John knows he’s doing it for him.  Unpacking after a trip, however short it has been, is a ritual for him.  He likes to take his time while doing it, in silence preferably, as if it eases the transition his mind needs to settle back into place, where he belongs physically as much as psychologically.  Besides, John’s curiosity regarding the case is seriously tempered by the prospect of witnessing yet another verbal match between the Holmes brothers.  He prefers waiting for Sherlock to expose the interesting elements to him.
They were supposed to leave after dinner.  John had thought Sherlock would be eager to go back, since he had originally tried to negotiate driving up here for Christmas dinner and leaving on the same day.
Sherlock is lying on the covers of his bed, completely immobile.  He is on his left side, his knees raised up high, his hands shoved between his thighs.  He seems very small and young.  Hard to believe this man catches criminals, sometimes literally, with so much passion and intent it can be downright scary.  He's a dangerous man, Sherlock, with an even more dangerous mind, but there he is, at the other end of the spectrum.  A too bright child in an adult body.
"I called Mycroft after I came back to London. I cannot stand signing papers and taking legal decisions, discussing contracts.  It's incredibly platitudinous."
John catches Sherlock's knowing look while he lets her drag him inside.  It is clear now he's onto something, something he cannot share with John just yet.  All it takes is a quick stare into each other's eyes and John nods imperceptibly, knowing what has to be done.  He must reassure Beeks about Sherlock's intention and keep him out of the way for as long as Sherlock needs.
John gives himself a mental pat on the shoulder and slides his hand in his vest's pocket to grab hold of his gun.  Sherlock is perfectly immobile, staring to their left with the intensity of an eagle.  John breathes in deeply, feeling the adrenaline pumping in his veins.  He doesn't know what Sherlock has planned to do and it's ok.  That's how well they work together.  A sign from Sherlock will put John into action, whatever it is he needs to do.
Sherlock frowns at him, then sits down, very slowly.  "I am perfectly fine, John.  I'm not the one who's been attacked."
... It is another shock, then, that John finds out he's okay with it.  So very okay.  And while Sherlock tries to get his breathing rhythm back to normal, John find himself smiling.
Three months after Moriarty’s death, John gets kidnapped again.  This time, he isn’t electrocuted and shoved into a car’s trunk.
On that mysterious declaration, Sherlock twitches comically and grabs his phone in his pocket, frowns at the screen for very long time before typing a very short answer.  Something passes in his eyes, a complicated emotion John is unable to decipher.
John is brought back to the present by Sherlock frowning at his brother, who’s presenting him with a plate of little pies.  Sherlock’s favourite.  Especially out season.
"You sound so sure," Sherlock answers, a weak whisper.  "Why am I overwhelmed by this? I shouldn't be. It is a simple biological inconvenience.  It is nothing, a cluster of cells.  That is all."
Sherlock sighs and pushes back against John, silently asking if they should keep going.  John pushes, squeezing Sherlock's cock in the same time, and they are moving again.  With more intent, as if there still had been a distance between them Sherlock needed to clear before giving himself to John completely.  It's not long before he begins panting rhythmically, and his body gets covered in sweat.  His deep, rumbling voice softens, gets higher.  Sherlock's pleads and moans are needy little things, each of them getting John there.  He groans, grabs a handful of Sherlock's hair, and moves faster.  Each time his glans catches into Sherlock's rim, he could easily push in, but resisting is part of what makes it so exciting.
"Violette" is, of course, the French version of the name "Violet".  Just as in english, it is also the name of a flower and a colour.  It is pronounced "Vee-oh-let".
. Mycroft is humming under his breath as he adds ingredients to a large saucepan, with the false casualness typical to people who enjoy cooking.  What is also surprising is that Sherlock appears to enjoy the company.  He could have stayed in the living room, where at least he would have been more comfortable than right now, sitting on a straight kitchen chair.  There is a cushion behind his back, which has John wondering if Mycroft put it there, helping his sibling to be more comfortable.  It is very strange to discover this caring side of the older Holmes.  John knows Mycroft has been there for Sherlock through the most difficult period of his addiction, but this part of their life is still mostly kept from John.  What he knows is that Sherlock and Mycroft’s physical proximity seems to make them both uncomfortable: it seems the cold distance their respective armour provides is multiplied when they find themselves in the same room.  As such, their mannerism, and ostentatious attitude, stands out even more, not only having them stand apart from normal people, but from each other as well.
, and I didn't know if he would pull through.  Let me tell you, you weren't exactly yourself.  I had to call Mycroft because I didn't know how to handle you, you bloody moron!"
“Yes, it does, and it hurts in my lower back as well,” Sherlock hisses.  “What if I was in labour last night?  I’m almost certain... What if I’m way more advanced than we think?”
Sherlock stares at him in astonishment, lifting an arm and pointing toward the living room without looking.
Two minutes later, the nappy is tied up, all neat and equal.  Sherlock has the same expression he gets when he’s just made an especially clever deduction.
John doesn't question Sherlock's lack of logic, because let's be honest, having him so clearly worried has John’s stomach flipping and a warm sensation blooming in his belly.  He doesn’t see why he shouldn’t indulge himself a little.  It’s quite new –John had known, on a cerebral level, that Sherlock treated him as a friend and was often trying to demonstrate his affection in his strange, clumsy way.  Like calling John an idiot - that had stopped being an insult and had turned into an affectionate banter.  Or showing a little bit of guilt for waking him up with his violin when John had just returned from a twenty-hour shift at the surgery.  This, though, whatever it is, is different.  Sherlock wants -
For a moment, it seems very likely that John will get punched in the face, but in the end, Sherlock turns his back to him and walks to their bedroom, shutting the door with a thunderous noise.
.  John refuses to go there.  Sherlock’s change of attitude toward him most certainly has another explanation.  He had worried about John that night at the pool; he had been scared his secret, stupid plan to prove to Moriarty he had won the game would be the cause of John’s death.  He had also discovered that John cared for him. Anyone else would have realised this much sooner, but Sherlock’s lack of understanding about relationships –all kind of relationships- had prevented this realisation.  John cared about him, and he cared about John.  Maybe that’s all there is to it.  Sherlock trying to settle in the knowledge that he does have a friend, a close one that is.  Of course, that would mean that Sherlock never did before, which is upsetting, and sad, but not unrealistic.  His efforts to show John he does appreciate their friendship, if that is actually what is going on, are touching.  Sherlock really does hide himself under his disdain and genius because he doesn’t know how to react in contact with people.  If that’s what he is learning with John, it makes him proud.
Sherlock is right.  Once, John had wanted kids.  When you escape death, it's impossible not to wonder about what you leave behind.  And yes, at first, he'd been dating -so many women he had lost count, because it had seemed like the only way to feel alive again, reaching the tired dream of having a family, settling down.  Because the prospect of growing old lonely had been bloody terrifying.  Along came Sherlock.  Maybe he'd always been there, in a way, a subconscious part of John knowing everything that came before him was in fact the prologue to the John Watson story.
“Not right now.  I’ve requested a military helicopter, a prototype that isn’t even officially part of our air force, it is a part of a secret-“
John steps on the bed and settles behind Sherlock, wrapping his hand around his waist and tucking him as close to him as possible.  Sherlock doesn't resist.  He sighs, his body relaxing.
John frowns.  Sherlock had spent four days trying to make sense of the case before he discovered the hand written notes in the album.  Gosh, if Mycroft ever decided to turn against his country they were all lost.
John’s mind is too full of procedures and useful memories –hell, some textbook passages from his student years are coming back to him in whole paragraphs.  He wonders if this is how Sherlock feels all the time.
"Poor baby," John jokes, letting his hands rub softly at Sherlock's sides.  He gets a small shiver in response and grins.
He's not drowsy, and hungover enough to have slept long.  Why is he awake anyway? He had the feeling someone had been calling for him.
"Irrelevant?"  John hopes his face reflects his incredulity about what Sherlock deems irrelevant or not.
And then it happens.  Sherlock's face contorts into a grimace, as if he's in pain -in the same time, he gets away from John's grasp and folds himself in two. For a second, John thinks he might have misread the whole thing, and that Sherlock is about to vomit all over the floor.  But no.  The wail that tears his throat ends up in a violent sob, low and raw and wet. Sherlock hiccups a shuddering intake of breath as tears - huge, round tears - are already spilling onto his cheeks.  His voice rises higher, and the following sobs are like cries of pain.
The death of Jim Moriarty is only the beginning of a long and complicated investigation.  Sherlock spends a couple of days with the special team put up by Scotland Yard, to "get them going," he says.  Moriarty's criminal organisation isn't your typical one.  He doesn't have a whole hierarchy of people working for him, from the second in command to the stupid goon throwing fists.  There is no financial aspect to it, no fake legal business behind the façade of criminal activities related to drugs, prostitution or weaponry.  It isn't even an organisation, per se.  "He was alone.  No one knew whom he was exactly, or what he did.  He was like a puppeteer, holding the strings of all the people that gravitated around his consulting business and making sure they had as little contact with the others as possible while doing precisely what Moriarty wanted," Sherlock told John.
"Please, no teasing.  You can do anything but do not tease me.  I feel... the pain is still there, just hidden behind the pleasure, and I fear it could take over if we are at it for too long."
I want to thank you guys for all the comments.  I know that cliffhanger wasn't easy, and I hope this chapter will  make up for it.
He blinks. It’s hard to open his eyes, but then, it’s worth it, because all he can see is Sherlock.  His face is inches away from John’s, his long dark curls dripping wet on John’s face, some of them plastered on his pale skin.  His nose is bleeding, a steady flow mixed with water, but his eyes are clear and aware.
What I wanted to show with this chapter is mainly that "my" Sherlock, which at the beginning of the story is a lot like the early seasons BBC Sherlock, is evolving, because of his relationship with John and his pregnancy.  I also wanted to brush the matter of post-partum depression, and having a child who is different, because those matters are part of his fears.  It will be elaborated in the upcoming chapters.
Louisa smiles.  "My thirty-seven year old son is a complete stranger to me.  I do not know what kind of mother this makes me."
No matter how difficult the upcoming months will be, or how impossible it now seems to lead a different life, one that includes a child, John finds he doesn't mind, at all.
Sherlock sighs and lays his head on John's chest, wrapping a hand around his waist.  When he speaks, his voice rumbles, vibrating against John's chest.  "I made a fool of myself with Lestrade."
John softly takes the letter out of his shaking hands.  A sentence catches attention, and really, it is all he needs.
He feels something tickling his chin, and a light weight settling on his chest.  It's not heavy, but comforting.  The smell of Sherlock -his shampoo and soap, his sweat, a whiff of iodine, or something equally sharp and chemical- is apparently enough, in its familiarity and comfort, to sever whatever is left of John's resistance.
Moron stares at him, completely immobile.  If he didn't need to bow forward because of the narrow space, John is almost certain he would try to take a soldier's posture.
"Louisa must be ecstatic, being allowed to take care of him.  Hasn't happened in a long time, you know," Adrian adds, staring with a dreamy expression at the Christmas Tree.
"I can feel something moving," Mycroft mumbles, his face evidently crushed against Sherlock's upper chest.  "Is that normal?"
It is clear the end of the case is doing nothing to soften Sherlock's mood. He has had two weeks to lock himself away, and now, John is worried he might not be able to find back his way back to Sherlock's heart.  He should have acted sooner, he knows that now.
If John wasn’t so protective, so eager to take Sherlock's hand and guide him through his emotional journey...what if he's holding Sherlock back?  What if he does in fact feed his insecurity, by treating him like he cannot handle his emotions, his humanity? The thought is awful, but it makes sense.  The fault cannot be put on Sherlock, nor John - it is the way they learned to be with each other.
Early on after their first meeting, John had remarked how Sherlock would avoid being touched.  The glove wearing is borderline compulsive.  Sherlock can very well point out the logical reason behind it, which is that it makes him less likely to contaminate a crime scene, but that doesn’t explain wearing them in spring when he goes out for a walk.  John had once, maybe a week after he had moved in, patted Sherlock on the back for some reason.  He had felt how Sherlock’s whole body had gone as tense as a bow string.  An awkward  silence  had followed.  John could’ve taken it personally, if not for the fact that he had started noticing how Sherlock didn't stand too close to other people, and how his mood changed each time someone invaded his personal space.
...And this is why I never dared to ask for help, because I didn't want to take people's money when surely they needed it, or could help another friend, who was more desperate than I was.  The impostor syndrome stopped me.  As bad as it was getting, I always reasoned that surely, other people needed help more than me.  I didn't want to feel like that girl who wanted to buy another photo op, or that one who promised dozens of people drawings and art but never delivered and received so much help so many times.  So.  Yeah.
“Sherlock,” John cuts him off, using his Captain Watson voice although he doesn’t quite know why.  “I knew you would get us out of there.  I
"What do you suggest we should have done differently?" Sherlock asks tentatively, when it is clear John is done with trying to explain himself.
Instead of blushing, or apologising, or just going back to his work, Anderson shakes his head.  "No."
“Good.  Because I’m... I’m not sure I can keep the rhythm for much longer,” Sherlock admits.His eyes fill with tears and he wipes at them impatiently.  “I hate being so emotional,” he admits with an embarrassed smile.
John's surprise must show on his face, because it has Sherlock smiling smugly.  "The medical records from the private aesthetic surgery clinic weren't easy to find, but I have my ways."
Besides, you guys know this is a story where a detective solve crimes, so it is bond to contain elements regarding strange deaths and discussion of criminal cases.  I can't warn for anything else in advance, or else, why would I go through the -very difficult for me- hard work of making up a case (and writing Sherlock as clever as he is supposed to be) if I am to reveal the solution in advance.
Sherlock blinks nervously and swallows several times before nodding.  He tries to sit up.  John catches him just before he collapses back on the mattress and helps him steady himself.  Sherlock rubs at his face, groaning.  "I'm awfully cold," he croaks.
"Screw Mycroft." John clears  his throat.  "I just want you to know I am perfectly happy with our lives, with you.  Nevertheless, I won't force you into anything, and that means both... options.  We can discuss this."
John stands up and represses a yawn.  He nods at Greg who is in the middle of his usual monologue about calling him next time before scheduling a meeting with a bloody murderer with an inclination toward gutting his victims.
"For fuck' sake!" Lestrade exclaims, lifting both arms in the air.  "Ok, everybody out, let's give Sherlock some space to work.
I though seriously of warning for mention of suicide.  If I was to write a story where suicide is an important part of the plot, and close -or happening- to my main characters, I would of course warn the potential readers beforehand, not only in a note but in the tag section.
“Sherlock.  You said it yourself, you might have been having contractions through the night.  Even if nothing happened until your waters broke, some people have faster labour.”
Sherlock is already straightening himself.  He shakes off John's hand too quickly for it to be casual, and sits back.
Luckily, they both have something to occupy themselves when it turns out Lestrade doesn’t have anything for Sherlock to work on at the moment.  It took some convincing, but he has agreed to help paint the nursery, despite the task being described as, of course “tedious.”  But hey, if it makes John happy, he’ll help.
After a second of hesitation, John sits next to him, close enough for their shoulders and hips to touch.  Sherlock tenses but doesn't move.
I am not asking for pity or anything, I am just explaining why my posting rhythm is at best irregular, and much slower than it used to be.  I probably feel way too guilty about it, but that is who I am.  I hate giving my word and not being able to hold onto it.
"It isn't.  I know I protested when you said we had a case, but I was just being my usual grumpy self.  If I really thought you should miss that one out because of your cold, I would have kept you home.”
He actually closes his eyes.  "John.  Let's not get ahead of ourselves, shall we?  The embryo is barely the size of a lentil, and the chances of miscarriages at this point are still too great for us to ignore: given my age, they are even more important.  I think we should consider it as it is: an embryo, which would most probably help us dealing if it were to-"
Sherlock has put on his armour to face his boyfriend - well, companion.  (Sherlock refuses to call John his boyfriend, he hates the word : "we're not exactly two teenagers in rut.  Boyfriend is so... puerile, John.")
"You know Sherlock Holmes," John says reassuringly, pressing Beeks to get on the move by trying to take a step forward in the narrow hallway.  "Trust me when I say he can handle it perfectly."
I thought of something deep and inspired to translate how thankful I am for your help and lovely messages, but, and it is a rare occurence, I find myself speach -and word- less.
Sherlock knows John wants to ask about the dream.  It is clear he tries to buy a little time, first asking for a glass of water, than to dress in his pajamas -he doesn't like to be exposed at this stage of his pregnancy, and has spent most of the day in pants.  It's ten minutes before John settles back in bed next to him.
As it turns out, Sherlock does let John have his way -not only that, but he seems to enjoy the attention immensely.  He takes his medication, sleeps, eats whatever John prepares for him, and doesn't answer his phone.  A cold is hardly something serious, though, so Sherlock needs to be entertained.  There is a lot of bad telly involved, and board games, and, also, well...sex.
It isn't sleep.  It isn't unconsciousness.  Somewhere in between, John floats.  He knows what is happening, can feel the paramedic sliding the oxygen mask over his face, then piercing his skin at the crook of his arm with a needle.  They'll give him saline to replace his blood loss until they reach the hospital.
John keeps staring straight in front of him, doing his best not to smile.  It's a lost battle, really, with the way Sherlock huffs like a little boy.  John decides to squint, staring at the road, as if driving needs all of his attention.  It might work.  It started to snow half an hour ago, but it is not really problematic: the flakes are sparse, dancing in the wind as if they're in no hurry to hit the ground.
I've already received so many nice comments showing your support and appreciation and really, I am humbled and very, very touched.
The teacher starts the class by presenting a short educational film.  It is interesting, but John has trouble concentrating, because he keeps wondering if Sherlock is paying any attention at all, casting him furtive looks that he is certain Sherlock notices.
"Do you really think I am the sort of repulsive person who thinks he is entitled to the money he has?  Have I ever acted in a way that made it seem I believed that I deserved my privileged upbringing?  Because, John, if it is really what is going through your mind, I have to deduce you have a very poor opinion of me."
There, finally.  Sherlock's gaze dares to meet John.  He looks lost, unbearably sad.  That is a look John hates to see, and knowing that he is responsible for it makes him want to punch himself.
John strengthens his hold.  Sherlock snarls -snarls, like a freaking dog- at him and, without warning, gives a violent tug.
"Yes, tell me about it.  Whoever thought pregnant people didn't need pockets anymore? It is ridiculous."
Without waiting for help, Sherlock manages to kneel on the sofa, with his arms crossed over the tall armrest.  John makes sure the sheet follows –if keeping his dignity is important to Sherlock, it is important to John too, let it be futile or not.  Sherlock is moaning softly, pressing his head hard into his shaking arms. John, knowing he does not want to be touched or spoken to, tries not to feel too helpless. It was so much easier in the beginning, when Sherlock was reaching for his touch and comfort.  Nevertheless, John needs to respect what Sherlock wants. At least, he’s allowing himself to voice his pain, not completely, John can tell just by hearing him breathe, but it’s a start.
John doesn't like it, not one bit, to be the source of the pain and worry in Sherlock's voice.  He wants to reassure him, but there is more urgent matter, namely, the fact that he's bleeding to death.
Sherlock slides his mobile screen open, his eyes as bright as those of a kid on Christmas morning.  He spends the rest of the afternoon texting Lestrade and researching a huge botanical encyclopaedia, complains he needs to think when it's time to eat, and barely acknowledges John during their shared meal, busy following the different deduction trails into his head.  John isn't offended in the least.  It's been a while since he’s seen Sherlock acting so...
"... which is why, after many hours of analysis, we have decided it is no longer needed.  Therefore, we have the pleasure to declare you free of your pupil status and..."
It's still half an hour before they get home when Sherlock becomes quiet.  He clears his throat, twice, then let his head fall to the side so that it rests on John's shoulder.
"John," Mycroft adds, throwing his glowing cigarette butt into the night.  "I am not one to judge you.  No one should.  Sherlock is a master when it comes to hurting other people's feelings.  Call it a defence mechanism, if you will."
Sherlock's face is unreadable.  He lowers his eyes, playing with the hem of his flannel sheet.  "Well, if it is what must be done to assure the continuation of the pregnancy, I will of course do whatever you say I must."
The realisation is dull and grey, just like his thoughts, as if he's already drifting off into unconsciousness.
am the high-functioning sociopath so of course, it’s easy for me.  Sherlock is over sensitive, always has been.  I would have never tried to shape him like myself if I had known, but I was young and very stupid.  Long story short, I don’t need to spend so much energy into convincing myself that I really don’t care; I just don’t.  With some exceptions, of course.  Sherlock had to go to extreme lengths to achieve the same, and he can very well pretend he successfully achieved his goal - it's a lie he tells himself.  One of many.”
"What if I cannot reach completion?" He whispers, closing his eyes.  "Because I do trust you, John, but the fear of hurting her refuses to disappear completely."
Sherlock is explaining out loud how he intends to pick up the case of the unidentified woman, and the schedule he intends to follow so that it is concurrent with their androcologist's instructions.  "I should make a spread sheet," he exclaims, snapping his fingers.  "I believe it is reasonable to limit my errands to just one each day. I am always in better shape in the morning so I will reserve my afternoon to do some work at home, and rest.  Let's see...  First, Bart's morgue, second, New Scotland Yard, or should I go back to the crime scene?  The question is, are there any clues left now that it's been...”
Sherlock turns his head so he does not have to look at John directly.  He shoves both of his hands in his coat pockets, as if he needs to take a step back even while being pressed against John's side.
"Long story short: my parents knew they couldn't control me, so they asked Mycroft, and he became my guardian.  He has to vouch for me, and if he doesn't follow the rules, the ward will be taken away from him, and into the state's hands.  It is... a burden for him.  I am not an easy-going pupil."
A bit confused by the silent conversation happening between Beeks and Sherlock, John nevertheless complies without a word.
“I’m sorry, I have to,” John says more firmly, with a hint of his captain tone.  “Stop holding back.  If you need to groan, or shout, or downright scream, let it out.  It doesn’t matter.  You’re not breathing, and you are too tense when you try to keep it all inside.”
Sherlock gives him a wide, surprised look, and shows his right hand, from which he’s removed the glove.  There is a red smear on his finger.
"I know.  I know, I... maybe... Maybe when she's born I could... If you don’t mind, which I would understand.  Completely.  But maybe I could visit, you know, just to meet her?"
; it reminds him of Christmas’s back home, of him and Harriet being forced to join the Christmas choir every year, always reluctantly, trying to get out of the obligation, although in the end, they enjoyed it very much.
John babbles something about a case which Molly doesn't question -most probably because she's still half asleep.  John hangs up, throws his mobile on the table and curses loud and crude.  Sherlock just broke his promise.
"Are you deaf?  Or do you just like making me repeat myself?" John can't help but quote Sherlock to himself.  He earns an eye roll in return, and this is good, this is normal.
John finds he has trouble breathing.  Good god, how ridiculous is this? It is like he has just learned about Sherlock's pregnancy.  He swallows, hard, tries to calm himself down.
So, yeah, John spent the night on the couch because Sherlock, in a fit of anger, had locked himself in his room.  Their room.
"It was a game Angie played with others at the day centre for people with an intellectual disability she attends.  It is a role-playing game, with several characters, like The London Werewolf and the Worchester Ghoul.  It is supposed to teach them about the geography of England, with monsters that visit each other until they collect all the train tickets.  Quite clever and imaginative geography lessons, wouldn't you say?"
"Oh please, I am only stating a fact, do not take it personally.  You do know I appreciate your small contributions," Sherlock huffs, dismissing John's vexation with a vague hand gesture.  "If you do listen to me from time to time, you know what the problem is here.  My imagination is my worst enemy when I work.  Now we have a case with an impressive number of variables, and therefore just as many possible solutions; or, more accurately, as many paths to take toward those solutions.  I cannot allow myself to try solving it at this point, because too many facts remain unknown, and whatever path I choose to take, it will be by making suppositions, which are of no use, really.  What's worse is that when I'll have finally gathered enough clues to go on, my brain will try to make them fit the solution I imagined, therefore distorting my logical process.  It was a serious enabler when I first began solving simple problems as a child, and it took me quite some time to understand how to shut it down."
"...Yes, as I was saying," Sherlock says, as if nothing has happened, "A correct approximation of the moment of death is essential, but in the meantime, you should know that this woman had recently given birth, to term, before her death.  I would say less than a month, but again, this is... ah... speculation.  Would you... would you excuse me for a minute?"
"You don't need to apologize, Sherlock.  And there is no rule that states you have to tell me everything about your life before me."
"We're not together twenty-four seven," Sherlock protests, looking part embarrassed, part greatly annoyed.
John blinks.  Sherlock's face is inches away from his, contorted in fear and panic.  He grabs his face with both hands, and John thinks, far at the back of his mind, how he would like to feel the skin instead of the expensive leather of gloves.
John helps Sherlock wrap his long legs around his waist and settles with his arms each side of Sherlock's face, kissing him softly, from his forehead to his cheeks, the tip of his nose, his parted lips.
Sherlock snorts.  He takes a deep breath, lifts his head and closes his eyes.  He seems peaceful.  "Here's how it went.  After a judge ordered it, I was evaluated by a team of psychiatrists," he says very softly.  "There were different solutions brought forward, and trust me, becoming a pupil was by far the lesser evil.  In those cases, if a family member volunteer to take the responsibility, you escape the sinister perspective of being ward of the state, in which case a designed stranger practically take control over your life."
Sherlock holds onto John’s hand very tight and walks a few steps before he stops.  “I... I think another one is coming already.  John?” He asks, his voice slightly panicked.  “I need... I can’t stay up, John, I’m going to fall, plea
John doesn't care.  He's busy sending the best picture of the lot to Mummy Holmes, and half of his contact list.  He wouldn't put it above Sherlock to go through his mobile and erase them.
"John," Sherlock whines, and his hands are not immobile anymore but running all over his own body in an erratic way, while his head shifts from left to right, his face red and sweating.  He doesn't know what to do with himself anymore, and god, does John loves him like this, would have him laid down like an offering all the time, waiting for him.
Whether it is because of the nature of the case or Sherlock's state, what does it matter in the end?  John will have to resort to the role of shock-absorbing cushion.
I once was in the Supernatural fandom, with a livejournal account, and had made a lot of friends.  At some point, I had to step back, because I realized I was maybe in too deep and was expecting too much from the fandom.  When I discovered the Sherlock series, I immediatly wanted very badly to write fanfics about it.  Nevertheless, I decided it would be wiser not to jump head first in the Sherlock fandom,  so I am not an active part of it, except for the writing.  I have a tumblr, which I used mainly to reblog art and pics because I still have trouble working with that platform.  It is ridiculous, but I am in my mid-thirties, and caught the tumblr train a tad too late.  Livejournal was so easy for me, but tumblr, instagram, etc... I cannot seem to "get" those.  Anyway, what I meant to say is that since I didn't try to find a new social circle in the Sherlock fandom, and the only place I actually interact is here on a03, it sometimes feels very, very lonely.  Which is why all of your comments were very appreciated.  You guys made a difference for me.  Thank you.
He never gave it much thought.  Sherlock's interests are sparse and singular.  If most of them can be related to his detective work, there are also those who just seem to randomly appear, keeping Sherlock's mind occupied for a couple of months before they are never mentioned again.  He cannot help but devour said interest with all of his formidable brain; it only makes sense that at a point where he's learned everything there is to learn, and some more, he lets go of something that has nothing more to offer.  John had wondered if bees were different.  There is an anatomical drawing of a bee hung in their bedroom in a frame, a lot of books, too.  And, well, if it is related, there is Sherlock's love of honey, the way he'll hum in bliss when eating a buttered toast with a thick layer of the too-sweet food.  He'll even eat it direct from the pot, when he thinks John isn't looking.
"Fine.  I'm shutting up.  There.  See, let's freeze to death together in silence," John replies as harshly as Sherlock, and given the angry, exasperated look Sherlock gives him back, he knows the only reason they are not yelling at each other is because it would ruin Sherlock's plan.
.  "The literal translation is green thumb," he says instead, his voice high and debit fast.  "Meaning one's natural ability to-"
“You gave me mouth-to-mouth.  Wow. Now, not only people will talk, they'll suggest kid's names to us.
He was going for shocking and it works.  The nurse switches arms and finally gets a good vessel, although both her hands are trembling enough for John to feel the need to reassure her.  "You are doing good.  Ignore my fiancé's outburst, he's had a bad day."
John has known since he was a teenager that he is bisexual, but he’s always been more into women – maybe it’s a personal preference, maybe it’s the still complicated social position that comes with dating someone from the same sex.  The result is the same nevertheless; John can count on the fingers of one hand his sexual encounters with men, and of those five, only one had turned into more.  He has to feel with intensity to bother interesting himself in another bloke, and it never came close to his desire for Sherlock, because not only his physical appearance is responsible, but his intellect as well. John hadn’t known he could get hard from a series of deductions, but apparently, when it comes to Sherlock, the normal rules don't apply.
One thing is for sure, Sherlock falls asleep faster and deeper when he's with John, and for him, it is part of his responsibilities toward his genius of a boyfriend.  To give him that key to resting his mind and body, and to be certain nothing will disturb him.
"It is a disaster.  I should've never have allowed myself to have romantic feelings for you!" Sherlock spits at him, his nose crinkling in the way it only does when he's mad, when he wants to be bad and hurtful and unlikable.
...Or maybe the snapping point had been a few minutes later, when Sherlock had deigned opening his door, finally responding to John's calls and angry knocks.
"You are not a machine, Sherlock -or, as you tried to convince the world, a sociopath.  You can't simply go through an abortion like you go to a dentist to have a tooth removed."
"Or what?" Sherlock had replied, unable to help himself, if the way he bit his lower lip was any indication.
Mycroft is looking down his mobile, sighing.  "Are we done?  Not that I do not enjoy watching you drooling all over the place, but it seems someone in Colorado, U.S.A, has just done something incredibly stupid and dangerous.  I am needed."
Even if I am late in answering your comments, just know that I read them all and it's a great source of motivation.  Thanks guys!
John cannot imagine a scenario where Sherlock will easily slide into the role of the expectant father.  He's so conflicted that every step getting them closer to becoming three will be a fight, John knows it.  Sherlock will never stop being Sherlock, and John will always need to protect him, from others, but also from himself.
"Still in London," Sherlock shows John a tiny dot on his gps map.  “Not even ten minutes away from here if we take a cab."
“And everything will be fine, I promise.  I will be with you every step of the way, do you hear me?  Every.  Single. Step.”
"Yes, I'm here, it's ok, it's not a big deal," John says reassuringly.  "Can you sit down?  Sherlock, do you understand what I'm-"
"Don't be a moron, John.  I'm talking about all the caretaking you've submitted me to since yesterday.  The more you do it, the more aroused I become.  I believe the intonation of your voice is what gets to me the most: it is soft and considerate and affectionate.  Like I am something fragile and precious, needing to be handled with care. It has the same effect as when you take control during sex.  It is a fetish, or a kink, if you prefer the popular term.  I have a caretaking kink -but in my opinion, it really is just an extension of both my submissive and praise kink.  I falsely thought my fever might have been responsible but I was…”
John nods, smiles, and kisses Sherlock’s dry lips.  He tries to smile back, but he’s too busy blinking away threatening tears.
"Hey, you don't have to stay with me twenty-four hours a day.  It's just... well, given the circumstances."
John closes his eyes and hits the wall he's leaning on with the back of his head.  This is such stupid reasoning.  Their doctor is competent -and way more competent than him when it comes to pregnancies.  She is perfectly capable of establishing the right diagnosis and making all the medical decisions to ensure Sherlock and the baby's well being.  It does not seem to matter, though, when Sherlock is in his current state.  It appears John the fiancé cannot separate himself from John the doctor.  He didn't want to assist Amy - he was well on his way to giving Sherlock a complete androcologic exam when she had arrived, and he hadn't wanted her to take his place.  She had been patient, but firm.  When John persisted, she had threatened to call security, and he had known she was being serious.  He cannot be certain he would have obeyed, though, if he hadn't caught Sherlock's distraught eyes, and had been hit by the selfishness of his behaviour.  As long as he was butting heads with Amy Brown, Sherlock wouldn't be taken care of.
John tries, he really, really does, biting the inside of his cheeks, thinking of dreadful things like dead kittens and such, but he cannot hold back the bubbling hysterical laugh stuck in his throat.  Sherlock doesn't even seem surprised.  He watches him laugh until tears are sliding down his cheeks with a stern look.  John apologises between hysterical hiccups, and for good measure, slides an arm around Sherlock's shoulders.  He tenses but doesn't push him away.
This turns out to be too much sentiment.  Mycroft stands quickly, and begins cleaning the table.  John stands up too, stretches languidly.  “I’m going to start packing, if we want to leave in the morning,” he announces.  “I take it you’ll follow us?”
To no one's surprise, Anthea gives him that slightly amused-slash-condescending smile she should get trademarked and tells him to follow her.
“It could.  I don’t believe in romantic love that could last a lifetime. As a matter of fact, I don’t believe in love at all, only chemical reactions.  But I’ve been thinking, weighed the pros and cons, calculated the probabilities and imagined many different scenarios.  And I just cannot see a reality where you and my brother are estranged from each other.”
Sherlock practically jumps into his arms, his tension ebbing away, so suddenly John finds himself holding him up, more or less. Sherlock seeks comfort in his favourite spot, in the crook of John's neck, and wraps both arms around his waist.
"Ok, right, you get the general idea, great," John replies as harshly.  "Shame on me for trying to reassure my insecure pregnant fiancé who, might I point out, was swearing he was going to kill Anderson if his daughter was to be born prematurely not even two hours ago."
His attitude has changed completely.  John has no doubt he feels better now that he doesn’t have to simply endure but to work actively to deliver his baby.  It all comes down to control and empowerment.
“You got that from a two-minute phone call?  Mycroft, what are we going to do?We can’t cross over and there is no other road.  Unless we uh...” John bursts out laughing, but stops abruptly, before the nausea gets worse. “Unless we find a bloody boat and...and... get Sherlock down a-“
Sherlock frowns, concentrating.  John's question seems to baffle him.  "I... cannot give you a satisfying answer.  It started when we had our first discussion about the birth with Amy, and choose a natural labour and delivery."
"Are you serious?  You will plead in Beeks' favour with Greg, I know that, trying to diminish his responsibility as much as you can.  And you've protected Angela from something that no one would hold her responsible for, and spared her from a traumatic series of police visits, and interrogations.  At least a couple of Scotland Yard's psychologists would want to evaluate her.  They would most probably involve social services and there is no saying if a man who disposed of the body of his wife with his intellectually disabled daughter would get to keep her at all.  And Sophie, too, would probably be taken away from him.  You saved that family, Sherlock."
“No, I can’t, let me... Don’t... John, it hurts too much, stop it!” Sherlock’s spite reminds John of the way he addresses Anderson, when his incompetence is slowing down a case.
It’s John’s turn to swallows back tears.  Sometimes the love you have for someone feels like a punch in the guts.  Double that, when that someone is holding another someone just as precious and loved.
Sherlock stares at him.  Then, slowly, he lifts both legs, slides his arm around them, gripping his thighs with his hands, and lifts them, exposing himself in a way he has never done before, eyes closed, John knows, as much from embarrassment as from desire.
"Of course not.  I apologize, again, for not answering your texts and sleeping at Sarah's.  I swear I didn't do it with the intent of making you worry."
"Of course it's good, you silly sod," John assures him, taking in the charming, shy smile Sherlock gives him.
Sherlock is now hovering over the body, his magnifier in hand.  "It is indeed a woman, middle class, late twenties," he behinds, observing something closely.
Using Sherlock's own weapons against him is always so satisfying.  Besides, John is glad to keep his thoughts to himself.  What would he say?
A few months ago, Sherlock had found himself locked in the trunk of a car by a criminal who for once had anticipated
John's shoulder starts to hurt, which gives him an approximation of the time.  When he's uncomfortable and doesn't move, it takes around ten minutes before he begins to feel the cramp in his damage muscle.  When someone you love suffers, time loses its meaning, and each minute feels like a day, so it reassures John, knowing they've not been at it for as long as it seems.
Very slowly, the head recedes back.  John begins massaging the red skin vigorously.  “Sherlock, listen to me.  It hurts because you’re very, very close to pushing the head out.  I believe you can do it with the next contraction.  You won’t feel as much pressure after that.  I want you to give everything you have, ok?”
He's never left the flat in anger for more than a couple of hours.  John doesn't know what Sherlock will think of it, but there is a sickening feeling in his guts.  He doesn't know how Sherlock will interpret his absence.  He tries his best not to show it, but Sherlock's still very insecure when it comes to their relationship.  His inexperience is something that still comes up once in a while, Sherlock being all anxious about the social and personal etiquette of being committed to a romantic relationship, and how he sometimes feels lost as to not being able to rely on proven facts to settle a working canvas around their relationship.  It never fails to make John laugh.
"Sherlock," John warns.  He does not deny the satisfaction he felt when Sherlock put Lila in her place, but it is starting to get a little too personal.  To his relief, Sherlock doesn't add another word and gives him a quick, apologetic look.
It seems to please Sherlock, even more so than the other reasons, because his cheeks blush from pleasure.  He presses his lips against John's, a spontaneous gesture, enthusiastic and cheerful.  John opens to him easily, relieved that this difficult conversation hadn't turned into a fight.  He hopes he did get through to Sherlock.  There is no doubt there will be a lot more similar discussions in their immediate future, which John doesn't mind if they can continue to be so open and honest with each other.  Hey, maybe they are already being influenced by their daughter and learning to be wiser.  It's a comforting thought.
"Unidentified woman.  Found in an empty flat near Bowes Park by a couple of teenagers looking for a place to... do whatever it is teenagers do these days.  The flat is empty except for the rocking chair, and there is no evidence of foul play.  It is impossible as of now to determine the identity of the victim or the cause of death."
John hadn't said anything.  He had grabbed the atrocity and had wrapped it cautiously before throwing it in the bin outside.  He had warned Sherlock that the next time he neglected to put his damn experiments in bags or boxes - waterproof ones, please, and non-transparent, ideally - he wouldn't get any warnings.
"It... it is a bit uncomfortable," Sherlock whispers, and John realises he should be careful with his reactions, looking up at him.  Sherlock is raised on his elbows and staring at his stomach, wide-eyed and short of breath.
John had toyed with the idea of moving the other furniture around so that the couch is closer to the fireplace, but with the weather getting warmer each day, he has decided against it.  He knows Sherlock will be more prone to being too hot as the pregnancy advances and his belly swells than the contrary.  Besides, it is always easier to fix being cold than being hot.
At least Sherlock is out of harm's way. The thought seems to give John a much needed burst of energy because suddenly, he can not only see a spot of pale shirt moving but a long braid flapping on the back, and...
I just want to remind all those who are here for the mpreg side of the story that it is coming, even though I'm taking my time -I did warn that it was a slowburn fic.
“Are you a sudden believer of something holy? Faith putting us here at that exact moment, as if Sage was meant to be born that way?”
John finds Mrs Hudson getting ready to go out, as the workers are finishing Sherlock's laboratory today, and she doesn't want to be in the way.  It takes some time to find the air conditioner, but when they do, Mrs. Hudson offers it to them.  She's been careful to limit her visits lately, even though John and Sherlock haven't said anything.  It seems she understands how this particular period of their lives belongs only to them.  "You boys are nesting," she had said.  At the same time, John knows they can count on her whenever they need her, and he is glad the woman in her eighties will have the chance to meet their daughter and be a grandmother to her, since she had never had children of her own.
amazing, his body so responsive despite his hesitation.  John wants to make him forget about the pregnancy scare, and his body escaping his control, and all the fears he tries to keep hidden.
Sherlock notices him too, and the way he stops dead on his tracks tells John he has guessed correctly.
"Almost certain is almost as good as certain certain," Sherlock declares in a murmur, seemingly entranced by the movement of his hand.  He lets his upper body slide toward John's side, just enough to be able to lay his head on John's shoulder.  "I will sleep now."
John grabs a nipple between his teeth.  Sherlock hisses.  He doesn't push him away, though.  Encouraged, John pinches the other between his index finger and thumb, marvelling at the heat he feels, and how different their texture is now that Sherlock is so advanced in his pregnancy.
Sherlock looks at him with the same gaze he has when he's figured out something, something he hadn't taken into account : eyebrows scrunched over his pale eyes, shaking in head in disbelief.
Sherlock freezes, and John, quite surprised himself at his own commanding voice, stands up straighter.
John sighs, long and deep.  Nope, nothing is right between them right now.  He closes Sherlock's door and gets back into the cab.
was the one who wanted to be alone, until he worked to perfection his disdainful attitude and superiority complex.  It had come as a relief, really, for John to realize Sherlock would wear his genius like he was wearing his coat, hiding in a cloak of disregard for others so that he would not get hurt.  Better to throw the first punch than to wait to be punched.  Sherlock had pushed the illusion to the maximum, and had in the process become a master at imitating the sociopath persona.  Was it surprising? Another paradox was that Sherlock never ceased to be as clever as be wanted people to think he was. A total lack of self-confidence had created an absurdly huge ego, almost the parody of oneself, just like the more non-human Sherlock had pretended to be, the more humanity he had been trying to hide.
For the most part, though, their life goes back as it was before.  With the help of John's blog, an increasing public interest following Moriarty's death makes Sherlock busier than ever , and oh gosh, is he having fun playing the consulting detective slash high-functioning sociopath.  That at least keeps John grounded.  They work together, stalking potential murderers on cold nights, running through London, eating at impossible hours.  Sherlock is more disagreeable than ever with the Yard’s officers, especially Anderson.  At three different times, he gets Mycroft so exasperated at him the older man storms out of their flat, draped in his hurt dignity.  All that is pretty much the Sherlock John has come to know (and, well, love).
"I did not propose," Sherlock protest without letting go.  "We decided together it was the right thing to do."
John wants to refuse, wants to explain that it isn't normal morning sickness, Sherlock needs specific care, and...
Sherlock nods.  "Strange.  I woke up, took a shower and then I was prepared to see well... myself, my reflection in the mirror, but I saw..." He waves toward his belly. "
Sherlock sniffs, then clears his throat and shakes his head.  "How ridiculous I am to be so emotional over something entirely normal and unremarkable."  His eyes do have this liquid shine to them.
"That must be the hormones speaking," Sherlock replies, smiling playfully.  "Or maybe I am just as surprised by your reaction.  I was expecting..."
All professional, suddenly, John sits Sherlock on the closest kitchen chair and shoves his head between his legs, maybe a little harshly, given Sherlock's muffled protest.
John buries himself until his sac makes a slapping noise against Sherlock's skin and stops moving.  He lets go of Sherlock's hip to tug on his own balls, wishing his orgasm away.  He feels like he's been on the verge of coming ever since they began.  Taking a deep breath, he keeps playing with Sherlock's wet curls, then angles his head to catch Sherlock's mouth.  It's clumsy and uncoordinated, but Sherlock moans into it and keeps going, licking at the inside of John's mouth, letting go of one bedpost to tease and pinch at his own nipples, one after the other, letting out a  soft grunt each time he puts more pressure. He's lust and love personified, so full not only of John's cock, but also his child.  And as soon as John's urge starts ebbing away, he slides his arm around Sherlock's belly and caresses it in long circling motions.  His lover.  His baby.  Jesus, John's mind provides him with a steady flow of dirty poetry.
John can't help it.  He grabs Sherlock's scarf to force him to bend forward until he can steal a kiss.  "My brilliant, brilliant detective."
Sherlock pushes back the curtain with way too much force.  He adjusts his shirt, carefully ignoring John's piercing gaze.  Apparently, he's decided to hide, deep behind his walls, under his armour.
