“And tonight,” Steve says, “I thought it might be nice if we stayed in.”
His crew was safe, healthy, and happy. Their ship was in excellent condition. They had food and an open sky. They could go anywhere and do anything.
despite the armor’s bulk was incredible – before hustling nearby civilians off to safety. Tony soaring into the air back to Steve’s side.
“So, what— he decides he wants to quit being a royal, and his bright idea is to stow away on a strange ship and get dragged all over the universe?” Sam asked.
What drew Steve to the brink of wakefulness was the lightening of the sky. What finished the job was the feeling of Tony’s artificial heart pressed into his chest, likely leaving a circular indent there. Then came the realization that the rest of Tony was also pressed up against him, and, yes, Steve was awake.
The dome sealed shut, sending the city back into – what now seemed to Steve – a dramatic darkness.
He shifted Tony over so he was lying next to Steve instead of draped on top of him. The dull sky flashed vibrant orange, abruptly, and Steve looked up expecting to see something on fire. Then he figured out what it was.
“I will,” Steve said. “You, too.”
“We do know that,” Steve said.
“JARVIS?”
, Steve,” Tony mumbled. He wriggled a bit and sank down an inch. “Oh! Wow. That’s a lot.”
They heard the
Unless Tony was a monumentally talented faker, Tony
fond, and showed his appreciation by draining his bowl.
“Good,” Tony said. It was disconcerting, the way Rodos seemed to almost be
“Come on!” Steve called. “We have to help him!”
“Pete’s taking care of the ship. He’ll get it fixed up. But we need more time, and you need help,” Tony said. “That’s why I’m here.”
The trolley stopped. Tony pulled out flashlights and pointed his beam at a sign posted at the start of a much narrower trail. It bore an arrow and the words: OBSERVATION POINT 500 KEPS.
She glanced at him dubiously. “You sure?”
“I’m not going to answer that,” said Peatra, which of course was answer enough.
He rallied the soldiers and his crew, directing some of them to attack the Hydra’s far right head while he took the other half with him to the left. Across the Hydra’s massive golden body, he watched the Stark troop attempt to saw across the Hydra’s twisting neck with lasers. The Hulk helped: he threw himself at the Hydra’s neck, denting it, and then again, smashing with all his might, weakening the metal.
Tony’s heartbeat calmed the slightest bit. Steve didn’t know who he was, he hadn’t put those words on his arm as some kind of… bizarre way of confronting Tony about it. But Tony still didn’t understand, and he did not like things he didn’t understand.
He squinted at them.
Tony smiled. He didn’t know it, but his eyes glittered brighter than any stars Steve had ever seen.
They were in the outer reaches of Centuri-Six’s atmosphere; he felt the shift as JARVIS adjusted the ship’s internal gravity to make up for the difference.
“What about your heart?”
“Um,” said Tony. His grip on Steve’s waist tightened minutely. Steve grinned at him, alight with adrenaline.
“Well, it’s tricky,” said the doctor. “We think a lot of people have alien soulmates, but of course aliens don’t get Marks. Most of them don’t experience love or romance or sexuality in the same ways that we do, or in ways that would even be compatible with ours. Adding on to that, most humans rarely, if ever, interact with aliens. We still mostly keep to ourselves, our colonies, or stay on Earth. So we think the Marks don’t appear if the individual in question just has absolutely no chance of meeting their soulmate.”
“No,” said Tony, “but we’ve been hanging on to our sovereignty by a thread. This could destroy us.”
(He would add Tony to the cooking roster eventually. It was only fair. But Tony needed more lessons first. Many, many more. From Steve only.)
The warships were joining together in the air, reshaping themselves into something new. The process was incredibly, painfully loud, with metal grinding and creaking, and engines roaring, and pieces slamming into place.
“Nat?” Steve tried.
“You don’t need to justify yourself to
like Xandarians. But humanity had proved him wrong.
“You just got away from a war,” said Tony. “And the suit is a weapon. I thought it wouldn’t be welcome.”
He put a hand to the back of Steve’s head and squirmed close enough for them to kiss. Then he pulled away, got on hands and knees with his ass up.
Based on the makeup of the ship, he could guess at where the cargo hold would be. He pulled a miniature cutting laser from his pocket, and smiled.
As the Hydra approached, Steve ran to meet it. No one else was ready— he had to at least buy the Starks and his crew some time—
“It’s… it’s really more of a private conversation,” said Tony.
“Sure,” said Steve, agreeably. “Pin you against a wall… throw you out the airlock… all sorts of things I could do.”
Tony’s eyes flicked to Steve. Steve raised an eyebrow.
“I’ve always wanted to work with a Stark. I bet he could help me with some of my research.”
“Metal man banged up,” Hulk supplied. He poked very gingerly at Jo’s stomach, making her giggle.
“What is a soulmate?” he asked, voice rising in pitch.
. And if, after what had just happened, Tony decided that Stark needed him….
“Oh. Well, obviously,” said Tony. “How else am I supposed to power the thing?”
“You’re lucky,” said one of the doctors. “Most humans, we don’t have Soul Marks anymore.”
“Oh, that?” Tony said. “My heart wasn’t working right, so I built a better one. It’s powered by arc reactor technology.”
family out there grieving. He had never even known Steve’s name.
“Not wrong. I’ve been out as bi for a while,” says Tony, just like that. “I thought everyone knew.”
Tony froze.
Tony stares at him, silent.
“You are?” Tony said, in a small voice.
Tony’s eyes were closed.
“I’m certain you were,” said a kind, familiar voice at the other side of Tony’s bed.
The Hydra’s “death” tipped the scales in Stark’s favor, and as Steve’s procession picked their way across the battlefield – Rodos clearing a path, the Hulk cradling Tony very gently in his gargantuan arms, Steve and his crew straggling along after – their allies were mopping up the last of the Kree. They’d won.
“Tell me about these,” Steve murmured into Tony’s shoulder, tapping lightly at the biggest of the scars, a long thin gash that bisected Tony’s thumb. He needed to talk, otherwise he’d do something insane, like press his lips against it.
Steve told himself, and wound his arms around the armor’s neck, pressing himself tightly to Tony’s side so he could survey the battle scene without falling off.
But for just a few hours – for the rest of the day, perhaps – he would grieve. Steve had carried this man’s name on his arm for the better part of a millenium and would carry it for the rest of his life. He could cut himself a little slack.
“We could drop him off on Annoval 14,” said Steve darkly, though he didn’t really mean it.
Rodos took them into what he said – in clipped tones that warned them not to ask questions – was the Queen’s own private infirmary. Peter and Jan, who’d sat out the fight, were brought in to wait with them. Steve didn’t have a chance to even touch Tony again before he was swept away into an operating room, where no one was allowed except for the head doctor, Yiein, and Rodos.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Steve asked. His hands landed on Tony’s thighs; his thumbs rubbed absent circles into the muscle there.
, Tony’s conscience reminded him.
“What was the king’s name?” he asked.
He leaned in close to the helmet. “JARVIS?” he said. “Tell me he’s okay. Are you there?”
Tony takes a slow, shaky breath. “I’ve been in love with you almost since we met.”
Steve told him, even as he finished adjusting the water temperature and started crowding Tony into the shower.
It was going to be a sad day in Stark, but Toni’il had never felt better. He was free.
“At least we know he’s not hiding something dangerous,” Jan said, cuddling the toddler princess, Jo. The Queen had made a brief appearance to drop her daughter off with them, claiming she’d rather leave the girl with friends of Tony’s than with nursemaids or guards she didn’t know. Then she’d vanished before any of them could respond to that.
“Maybe if we ignore them they’ll go away,” Tony whispered. His hand smoothed up Steve’s back and hooked around his shoulder. He nuzzled close to kiss at the corner of Steve’s mouth, teasingly, until Steve turned his face and caught Tony’s lips with his. When he pulled away, the sight that greeted him was breathtaking: Tony’s long lashes fluttering open, the dark pools of his eyes looking up at Steve trustingly, his full lips parted and awaiting more kisses, his still-damp hair starting to curl. Steve traced a finger over his eyebrow, his cheekbone, his bottom lip. His hand found its way into Tony’s hair and he drew him in, already missing his taste. Steve had wasted
certainly wasn’t leaving Tony behind, but for a split second there he thought he’d have to choose between Tony and his crew.
“The last one,” said Peter.
“Hmm,” Steve said. “So, good, then?”
Steve’s hand slid down the base of Tony’s cock to cup his balls, the tip of his middle finger burrowing between Tony’s cheeks to rub at his hole. Tony had to part his legs wider to accommodate Steve’s large hand, and then his head fell back and bumped against the wall and Steve was licking his nipples and Steve’s muscular back was rippling under Tony’s palms, and Tony had no idea what it was he’d been about to say.
. Wasn’t that what he was, now?
Steve finished yanking his pants up and pulling on his undershirt. He paused to grab Tony by the front of his shirt and plant a firm kiss on his pouting lips.
He could not – could
“I would like,” Steve says, “to take you out to dinner. Not like we usually do. Not as friends. As a date.”
Steve and his crew dove into battle, and the Stark army was more than a match for the Kree in terms of skill and strength. But, even more so than Steve’s crew had been on Xandar, they were all hopelessly overwhelmed by the Kree; the presence of the Hydra made things infinitely worse, not only in that it created chaos and terror in Stark soldiers who had never been trained for something like this, but also because it batted flight pods out of the air and sent them crashing into the people on the ground. Everywhere Steve looked was fire, and chaos, and death. A pod landed yards away from him, and exploded, sending a solid wall of heat rolling over him. He wiped ash from his face and moved closer, trying to see if there were survivors underneath the mess of twisted metal, but the smoke blinded him and he heard nothing in the rubble, not even silence, only the crackle of flame. He turned back into the battle; his job was to worry about the living.
, Steve realized with mounting horror,
Footsteps made their way across the room, and then Steve’s chest pressed against his back and his arms draped over Tony’s shoulder. He’d just come out of the shower; Tony could smell his soap and feel the slight dampness of the hair that brushed against his cheek. He turned his face to kiss the corner of Steve’s mouth.
of the airlock releasing and closing again, and then the clanking of heavy metallic boots on the floor. Tony pulled off his helmet and beamed at them as he came in. Steve could’ve wrung his perfect neck.
Nat, though. Natasha had had a soulmate. She’d spoken his name to Steve only once: James. They’d worked together, lived together, loved each other, and then he had died.
“Not exactly,” said Tony, “but I thought it wouldn’t matter as long as we got away.”
had ever kissed him with such reverence.
So he said, “Okay,” with a sheepish smile, and relaxed against his pillows. Steve sat back as Yiein examined him, and Tony peppered his old friend with questions about everything that had happened in his absence.
Up until about a year ago, Xandar had been one of the Federation’s largest and most populated planets, a leader in both science and the arts, and a pillar of peace. Their Nova Corps enforced the law, promoted diplomacy, and protected not only Xandar but all of their allies from threats. They had been the first to stand up against the Kree when the Kree had started to act on their long-held aggression and ambition.
Tony and Peter were finishing up the last of their repairs when the Kree arrived. Their massive golden ships filled the sky, all swoops and points and sharp edges, like flying fleur de lises. Steve held out hope until the very last moment that they wouldn’t be seen, but then fully armed Kree soldiers spilled from the ships, spread out to surround the Nomad, and swarmed them.
“It has nothing to do with this,” Tony argued.
“Anyone seen Natasha?” he asked with a frown.
“Then are you and Sam—?”
He pulled away, gripped Tony’s shoulders with both his hands, and gave him a light shake. A wide grin split his features. “Something’s different. Wait, let me guess. You lost weight?”
Steve brushed his fingertips over the letters with a sad little smile.
Tony grabbed Steve’s hand and pulled it up, and stilled on Steve’s fingers, clenching hard. “T-too much,” he stuttered. “Gonna come.”
He did not fail to notice the enhancements: the body looked right, but his strength was abnormal, his healing rate was absurd, and his senses were almost overwhelmingly sharp until he got used to it all. They’d turned him into their perfect soldier.
“Run? My friend, I’ll make sure the Nomad does a lot better than just run,” Tony promised. He helped himself to a plate and filled it from the spread on the table. He had the votes. He knew he was in.
on what’s dangerous when you tried to go up against the Hydra with nothing but a shield that protects
Knowing Tony was his soulmate didn’t make Steve adore him any more or less. But Steve had thought his soulmate was gone, and he’d been given a second chance. He didn’t take that lightly.
Tony thought, preening,
Steve nodded into his pillow, which he was certain would end up with permanent dents from his fingers.
decision would not be put up to a vote; it was Steve’s call.
(Although, if he was being honest, that didn’t sound half bad. Didn’t sound bad at all.)
(“No, we’re aware that the brain is the source of those things, but we place a… a symbolic and sentimental value on the heart.”
The palace. The very same palace Steve had gazed at with both admiration and grief, all those months ago.
“Hey,” Steve protested half-heartedly.
“STEVE!” Tony shouted, his voice coming out mechanized. He shot into the air and swooped down to grab Steve, just in time to stop Steve from getting his head blown away. They soared into the sky, hovering above the battle.
“The heart
Everything moved very fast after that. Tony’s mysterious friend met them in one of the empty halls. The man was a violet-skinned Stark with a shaved head, a strong jaw, and a black combat uniform. His eyes roved over Steve and his crew before he beelined to Tony and threw his arms around his shoulders, bulky suit and all.
They eventually disentangle themselves from each other and abandon the couch. They pick up Tony’s paperwork and clean up the broken mug, and they retreat to Steve’s quarters. Tony keeps glancing at him furtively, as if having to remind himself Steve’s still there, and Steve’s no better. He can’t stop touching Tony, brushing his hair out of his eyes or squeezing his shoulder or wrapping an arm around his waist. Everything between them feels tentative and new, even though it’s neither. It’s strong and certain and a decade old.
“I’m sorry,” Steve mumbled again. He swallowed hard. “You scared me. You wouldn’t get back in the ship, and you were getting shot at and I couldn’t do anything to help you. I— I hated it.”
“It’s for you, Cap,” said Tony. “I know you’re well-traveled – to say the least – but Xandarian sea life is still a pretty challenging culinary experience to the uninitiated. Thought I’d have a backup ready for you, just in case.”
“Child. They have a little daughter.”
He breathed deep and slow, and tried to be okay.
“I can land the ship if you—” said Tony.
he thought, affectionately. Well, Tony would just have to learn.
he’s got all sorts of security mechanisms. Tell him, J.”
“My room,” Steve said. “Now.”
“When I let you on this crew,” Steve said, “you swore you’d follow our rules, that you’d act like part of a
Tony makes a sound like he’s being strangled, and his grip on Steve’s hand tightens. Steve tugs experimentally; Tony leans in, and Steve frees one of his hands so he can touch that defined jawline he’d been admiring earlier. Tony’s stubble feels scratchy and rough, which he’d anticipated, but his imagination hadn’t been able to capture how it would feel to see Tony
“Tony’s running from the law, just like the rest of us,” Peter said confidently, sounding pleased. “I knew it.”
“I mean….” Tony sighed. “I suppose I could work on an alternative. Would that make you happy?”
Steve was out of his mind. He didn’t care.
“Okay,” he said. “We’ll land. We get what we need and we get off the planet as fast as we can. Tony, Peter – how long do you think it’ll take to make the repairs you need to make?”
Things on the Nomad, Steve suspected, were going to be a lot more interesting from now on.
Its severed neck fell to the ground, limp, and Iron Man collapsed.
Although the palace had endless guest quarters, the servants tended those. Most of them would recognize Tony and couldn’t be counted on to keep his secret. So Tony kept out of sight; he slept on the old cot in his workshop.
He stops talking, because Tony’s face has gone frighteningly pale.
“Harsh,” Peter complained under his breath. Sam elbowed him.
“Here we go,” Tony muttered; Bruce shot him a disapproving look and Peter stared at him in horrified awe.
The Hydra roared. As though responding to a signal, the Kree army raised their weapons and attacked as one. While the Kree surged up against Stark’s assembled ranks, the Hydra swooped heavenward and was met with an air force composed of individual fighter pods, not so different from those used by the Nova Corps.
“The Hydra,” he said. “I thought it was just a rumor the Kree used to scare people.”
The knock came again, urgent, and then Natasha’s voice: “Steve!” she called. “I’m sorry, believe me, but we need you out here. Now.”
In the heat of battle, with an endless stream of enemies coming at him, there was no way for Steve to keep track of Tony. But he caught glimpses of him. Tony with his arms extended, palms out, sending incredible energy blasts into his opponents’ chests and making them go flying. Tony shielding a cowering Centurii family with his body. Tony disabling a Kree soldier’s gun with a laser in his right wrist, and breaking both the Kree’s arms in hand-to-hand combat – the way he could
The Stark grinned a little self-consciously. “I wanted to see the stars,” he admitted, “and what seems more appropriate for an adventurer than a ship called the
Sam and Natasha went back to their conversation, heads bent and shoulders brushing. Janet nudged Steve, who had been staring at Tony, and grinned. Tony looked up in time to catch Steve’s answering smile – a little exasperated, but fond. He’d been grumpy when they’d met, sure, but Tony was quickly learning how soft Steve was when it came to his crew. Even Tony, it seemed.
“We’re gonna be okay, though. Right?” Tony mumbled.
Tony sighed. “I’m going to be in the air most of the time. I might lose track of you.”
Maybe a little too amazing. It was starting to be an issue for Steve.
“Good morning!” Tony called in flawless Xandarian. “Please don’t shoot my humans. They’re harmless, I promise.”
“This isn’t our world, Tony,” Steve said. “You need someone watching your back. That’s what a crew is for.”
“Tony,” said Sam quietly, as they looked around at the glittering halls. “When you told us you were an ‘important person,’ how important did you mean, exactly?”
“And then what?” Tony said, turning to him with something like despair in his eyes. “Then we get out of the way and hope Stark doesn’t get blown up like Xandar?”
But they didn’t. Set foot on the ground, that is. Because as soon as Steve and his crew appeared in the threshold, they were greeted by a phalanx of Nova warriors, blasters charged and humming and pointed right in Steve’s face, a host of their golden, cross-shaped sky fighters looming over the Nomad.
Steve hummed contentedly. His tongue traced the rim of Tony’s hole and dipped inside. He tasted mostly like lube, but a bit like Steve, too, which gave him an irrational, possessive thrill. He withdrew with a farewell kiss planted directly to Tony’s opening, and replaced his mouth with his cock. “You tell me if it hurts, alright?”
They spent about a week on Xandar, going wherever they were told to go. By day they worked hard, repairing inner panels of the dome or replanting community gardens or shifting debris.
“If you’d had him before,” Tony said cheerfully, “you definitely wouldn’t have had to worry about any stowaways.”
The Kree were incredible soldiers, with super-strength that even Steve’s enhanced body could not match. But they could not breathe Centuri-Six’s atmosphere, and had to wear heavy masks that obscured their vision and affected their balance. Their weapons and fighting style were more reliant on brute force than skill; in the face of soldiers like Natasha, Steve, and Sam, this put them at a significant disadvantage, and the Hulk – green and roaring and already trampling anyone unfortunate enough to get in his way – was more than a match for their physical strength. They were blue-skinned, but not in the vibrant way of Tony’s skin tone. Kree skin had a sickly tint that reminded Steve of a bruise.
Steve put his hands in the air, palms out. Around him, he felt his crew move to do the same.
Tony pointed straight ahead of them. “See the spaceport down there?”
The trolley went zipping down Xandar’s broad lanes; the lantern lights started to come on as they flew past, and pedestrians drained out of the roads back into their homes. The world got quieter and quieter as the trolley took them to the outskirts of the city and beyond. The paved road turned to dirt and stone, more like a hiking path than a street, and the grey-skinned, bushy-crowned trees native to Xandar rose up around them. The ground sloped, and they went up and up, the trolley’s nose pointed skyward. They weren’t on a mountain, exactly; by any other planet’s standards, it was a hill, but it was also one of the highest peaks that remained to Xandar, one of the few that had managed to stay intact when the planet was shredded. It was too rocky for construction, but the Xandarians valued green spaces and nature. Steve suspected they’d leave it alone, one of the few places where Xandar’s rich natural life was still preserved.
Tony shook his head slowly. “The Kree have been looking for an excuse to come for Stark, and I just gave it to them.”
Bruce, their medic and botanist, who returned his smile with a tired one of his own and offered him a sleep tonic for later. Steve declined.
He rented a solar bike and headed for the spaceport as the city woke around him. The mourning flags were fluttering in the air by the time he came within sight of the docks, a thrilling landscape of gleaming metal hulls and the ceaseless bustle of tens of dozens of alien races all coming and going. News spread quickly, from the palace through the cybernet, that the King had died in his sleep – but here in the spaceport, no one would look twice at him. He was effectively invisible.
“When the time comes,” he said, “we’ll need our best soldiers. Soldiers from a harder time. Soldiers who know they’re citizens of Earth before they’re citizens of the Intergalactic Federation.”
sizable.
Tony knew he should probably say something and wake Steve from his apparent trance before the moment stretched any longer, but he preferred to bask in the attention. His smile had become a shade predatory by the time Steve jolted, realized what he was doing, and finally looked Tony in the eye with a guilty expression.
“Bruce,” said Steve, absently. “You can
It swiftly became clear to Steve that he was no good at hiding his feelings. Natasha wasn’t the only one who’d noticed. But she was the one to confront him about it.
Tony nods rapidly. “Yes. Anytime. Anything you want.”
“Alright,” he told Rodos, grudgingly. “Lead the way.”
“I want you in my mouth,” Steve told him.
make a move,” Steve admitted, “and I shot him down.”
his smirk through the expressionless faceplate, but he knew it was there.
Tony to see him looking?
of Steve was awake.
He had no right to be acting this way, no matter what Natasha said. No right to be mourning this man as if Steve had some kind of a claim on him, when he had a
“No, you weren’t,” Natasha said.
The door to the infirmary slammed open.
He winced.
“I can’t make promises,” said Tony, “but I’ll always try to be there for you. Always.”
Tony dropped Bruce off inside; Steve leapt onto the ship, grabbing the rim of the doorway effortlessly and heaving himself in. He turned and extended a hand to Tony. “HURRY!” he called, over the roar of the engines as they powered up.
Tony stiffened. He was many things, but an idiot? In his growing anger, he barely noticed Peter and Bruce sidle out of the room, leaving them alone.
“No,” said Tony hastily. “That’s, uh. That’s about all of it.”
“Darling, for you?” said Tony. “Anything.”
and not like the hot-headed, self-absorbed stowaway we found in the engine room. Was I wrong to believe you?”
to Tony. “And the celestial defense system—”
Steve turned his hand to wrap his fingers around Tony’s. “You can come if you want,” he said softly. “Go on, darling. Don’t hold back.”
She stopped smirking.
“Nope,” Steve says, before Tony can tense up. “Just proved my point. You never needed a dating app. You could’ve had anyone you wanted all along, without even trying,
“I know,” said Steve. “I don’t blame you for not knowing about soulmates. But why would you hide who you were in the first place?”
“We can usually get them off our trail if we need to,” Steve said, “but it’s tricky. Dangerous.”
way he had. Tony kissed him back, moaned into his mouth and savored the taste of him. His heart had kicked back into double time. Humans had
“Did we win?” he croaked.
And after that, Bruce and the stowaway became engrossed in a back and forth that grew increasingly befuddling to Steve. After a minute of this, he started to feel bad for the man, sitting there on his knees with his hands cuffed while they waited on Peter to return. He wasn’t that much older than Peter, in fact; he looked to be somewhere in his mid- or late-twenties, and he clearly wasn’t armed….
crew, too.”
“My best attribute, I’d say.” Tony sounded very pleased with himself.
It’s that thought that relaxes him, gives him the courage to pull Tony back into his arms as soon as they’re settled in Steve’s living room. This time Tony doesn’t miss a beat. He curls against Steve’s chest and bickers with him about what to watch as if nothing at all has changed.
The rest of the crew looked to Steve as well.
Tony couldn’t help it; he moaned, wantonly, and arched into Steve’s chest. He didn’t normally
“He was stifled,” said Peatra. “He’s not a king; he’s a scientist, an explorer. He loves his people, and me, and Jo – but I could just see him wasting away here. So when he told me what he wanted, of course I said yes. I helped him plan everything.”
The man made a noise that sounded suspiciously similar to a purr, and Steve snorted as he turned away.
“And the fact you’re insisting on landing outside a spaceport?” Jan added nervously. “Behind some rocks in an empty field? With no landing pad or dock or anything?”
They were rested enough that Tony perked up at the sight of Steve’s bare ass, his soft cock swinging between his legs. Then there were those broad shoulders, those thick arms and trim waist. And Tony knew exactly how that big blond slice of perfection felt on top of him, drilling him into the bed.
his crew. And something about his putting a claim on the Nomad and their team— it made something dark and wild flash in Steve’s eyes.
“It was a risk you shouldn’t have taken!”
Steve rolled off and fell to the mattress, utterly spent.
They were about halfway through breakfast, Steve with his mostly demolished plate of eggs and bacon, Peter with his bowl of sugary cereal, Bruce with his tea that smelled like bitter grass – which he reserved for mornings – and the others with fruit, toast, yogurt. No one ever seemed to eat the same thing except for dinner, but they still congregated here. He’d read that dining together was a sort of pack-bonding custom for humans, which Tony found charming.
Steve leaned out, frantic, reaching for him. “NO!” he shouted. “We stick together!”
“That settles it for me.” Tony grinned. “I’m so easy for you, Cap. Better not take advantage of that.”
Steve wasn’t
But of all the useful things he’d picked up on, he found the most practical value in the mundane. He’d even memorized his crewmates’ habits and schedules, and this knowledge frequently came in handy. For instance, it allowed him to time his next shower so that he would walk out into the hallway, dripping wet and wrapped in a towel slung precariously low on his hips, precisely when Steve was on his way past the bathroom door.
He held out… too long, maybe. He went to sleep old and he woke old, and he found out if he wanted to captain a ship again instead of staying on the ground and barking commands from behind a console, he’d have to start from scratch: go to school, endure physical examinations and training, learn the history he’d missed. Spacecrafts were different from the ships he used to sail. It took decades before he had the training he needed. They cloned him a new body, and when it was twenty years old and his own was nearing ninety, they switched his consciousness from the latter and into the former, like uploading a file from a crashing computer to a back-up disk, though he didn’t say that out loud. Talk about outdated tech.
“C’mon. We both know he doesn’t deserve jail just because he wanted a new life,” said Peter. His light brown hair fell into his eyes, and his shoulders hunched defensively; his fists were clenched. Steve had to sigh. This kid.
“I’m coming, Nat,” he called.
Tony was convincing. The guns were lowered, and Steve’s crew were allowed to come down, and from then on, they were welcomed on Xandar as any other visitor would be.
But he sure was looking forward to trying.
It could wait. Everything that wasn’t Steve could wait.
At least, he thought, there was one person other than Steve who liked the name of the ship. Most people thought it was too sentimental or too on-the-nose or too
Tony didn’t mind; in fact, his eyes lit up in a way that made Steve feel jittery inside whenever he turned and realized Steve was there with him. Tony took him to the observatory and told him all about the constellations that could only be seen from Xandar; he took him to the labyrinthine greenhouses so they could watch the nocturnal plants bloom, their bioluminescent glow turning Tony’s skin radiant; he took him to late night music performances and art exhibits, to street carts selling fantastically strange food and into hole-in-the-wall bars where Tony tried whatever the bartender’s favorite drink was.
“As far as we know, we are the only ones,” said the doctor. “When humans have an alien name on their arm, usually that alien’s part of a species that’s at least humanoid and has some of the same mating inclinations. A species that can love you back, basically. Doesn’t change the fact most of them never meet their matches, even if the Mark appears.”
Peter pointed at his chest. “What
“Sorry about that,” she said, taking her daughter out of Jan’s arms. “I had to make sure the Council was occupied elsewhere. They can’t know he’s here.”
“You should tell us what you’re hiding now,” Natasha said, all steely-eyed disapproval, “so we know what we’re getting into.”
“Please just trust me,” he said. “You know I’d never keep something from you that would hurt you, or endanger you.
Steve pressed him more firmly into the wall, keeping him pinned; he moved one large hand to Tony’s ass and used the other to turn his jaw so that he could catch Tony’s mouth with his own.
Later, after Steve had sucked him to yet another miraculous orgasm, Tony’s mouth was too busy reciprocating to pick up the conversation where they’d left off, and then he had his arms full of wet, sleepy, sated Steve, and—
made improvements,” he added, to the Stark, “that doesn’t change the fact that you snuck onto my ship and modified it without permission. I could have you thrown in prison.”
Steve sat down on the blanket next to him, perhaps closer than necessary. “You planned all this out?”
“Hey, buddy,” said Steve. “We’re going home now. Going back to the ship. Can we have Bruce back?”
He smiled again.
The Hydra roared, and with the earsplitting, thunderous sound came a jet of explosive energy. At the last minute, Iron Man collided with the side of the Hydra’s head, throwing off its aim and sending the bulk of its shot into the air. Still, Steve was blown backward, as were a good number of soldiers. His armor held, and his shield held, and he managed to control his fall so that Natasha stayed protected and he didn’t land on her. But if Tony hadn’t sabotaged that shot, Steve didn’t know what sort of shape he’d be in.
“You weren’t devastated because your husband isn’t dead,” Natasha said, giving voice to the suspicions that had been growing in the recesses of Steve’s mind.
Steve’s heart rioted against the cage of his chest. His shield slipped out of his grasp, but by the time it hit the ground he was already racing to Iron Man’s side.
always wanted an onboard AI. Most of the modern ships had one, and it took a lot of the stress out of commanding. AIs caught things people couldn’t, noticed problems early on before they ballooned into disasters, and – should they encounter other ships – made it easy to interface with other crews. Tony had donated his own personal system to the Nomad, which was… pretty kind of him, actually.
Steve blinked sweat out of his eyes. He tossed the shield away, not bothering to watch as its spinning progress decimated a row of Kree, kicked the nearest soldier’s legs out from under him, and caught the shield in time to knock his opponent out with it. When Tony reached him, he was ready. He held out an arm and caught Tony’s gauntlet, and Tony lifted him up into his arms while Steve got a foothold on the top of Tony’s boot.
Steve frowned, thoughtfully this time. He
“It’s not. But it’s what you’re getting now,” said Tony. “All you need to know is that I can’t be seen. People can’t know I’m back. That’s why we’re doing all this.”
But Steve quickly jerked him out of his visions of stripping that shirt off and hiding it someplace far, far away.
By midday, Steve had racked up a number of accomplishments.
So eager to get his heart broken. Steve holds back a sigh.
“You’re not in the army anymore,
“I don’t think this is a good idea,” he said.
, he thinks to himself, even as he gently pulls Tony’s hand from his wrist so that he can wrap it up in both of his.
Steve bit his lip. Perhaps Steve’s soulmate wasn’t born yet, and he’d have to come back in a few decades. He hoped that wasn’t the case.
Tony almost said, but then he realized Peter’s eyes were fixed on the shining circle of light emanating from Tony’s chest, where the outer casing of his artificial heart protruded slightly from his body.
“We’ve waited long enough.”
Tony tried to stay up so they could talk, but he was still healing, and by the time they were finished with dinner he was halfway asleep. Steve never pushed.
, Captain Rogers. You are needed right now.”
“I wasn’t messing around— I was fixing it!” he said, defensively. “I increased your fuel efficiency by fifteen percent, and I was going to work on updating your onboard systems tonight—”
It’s as easy to kiss him as he’d thought it would be. Easier, even. Tony meets him halfway, practically falling into Steve. He’s seen Tony kiss people – glimpses of Tony sharing a moment with one or another of his girlfriends before Steve tore his eyes away, feeling sick – but the way Tony kisses him now is different. There’s none of the restraint, none of the smooth confidence. He gasps into Steve’s mouth, melts into him. Steve gets his arms around him and pulls him in closer, and Tony’s all soft and shuddery, so Steve strokes his back and keeps his kisses gentle.
Tony entrusts his heart to. Steve will be careful with him where others weren’t. Steve will accept Tony’s
Tony still hasn’t said a word. Steve shifts his weight to his feet and starts to get up.
“Antoni’il Edvar?” he asked, his voice reduced to a croak. “The… second?”
One of the three ships seemed to decide Tony wasn’t worth letting Steve and his crew get away. It rose up, astonishingly fast for something that size, its nose pointed at the Nomad.
“Tony!” said Steve. “That’s incredibly dangerous!”
“Rest, Steve,” Natasha said. “I’ll take care of the ship today.”
“Are… are we going to talk about this?” Peter asked, raising his hand like a schoolkid.
Steve has no doubt Tony means that. For a moment the relief almost overwhelms him – not just that he gets to have this, that he didn’t damage his friendship with Tony irreparably – but also that it’s
“Hey,” Tony protested weakly.
Steve should end the conversation there, he knows. He’s already pried into Tony’s personal business too much, and what Tony’s just said tells him everything he needs to know – he doesn’t want to date people he meets through work anymore. That includes superheroes. That includes Steve.
Many of Steve’s peers refused the offer. But Steve hadn’t been cured of it yet: the longing that had driven him to the seas, and then to the warfront. The longing to be part of something bigger than himself. To do good and to help others and to contribute to a cause he believed in. That was his reason for existing. If he was needed one day, could he refuse the call? He’d never been able to before.
“What’s he doing?” she breathed. She meant Tony. As they ascended, they left the Kree ships behind; they were too distracted trying to shoot Tony out of the air to follow. The higher they went, the more Tony looked like an insect doing its best to provoke a pack of lions. He whirled and zipped around the enormous ships, touching down briefly to press
,” Tony gasped.
For example, prosthetics were common amongst their kind, but they found Tony’s artificial heart deeply troubling. Humans, Bruce later explained, attached cultural significant to the heart as a kind of moral and emotional center, even though that made absolutely no
“He said he would come back,” she said fiercely. “Stand
The armband, Tony realized. Steve wasn’t mourning just anyone. He was mourning a lover, a partner, a mate of some kind. A pang of sympathy struck him as he made the connection – and the warmth of admiration, too. He’d never have guessed if Steve hadn’t told him outright. Steve had to be strong, even stronger than Tony had suspected, to be able to stand tall and support his crew even under the weight of his loss.
“Now that I’ve got the all clear,” Tony said, “wake up, JARVIS!”
He pressed his thumb to his left wrist brace and twisted the clasp of his cloak. The cloak molded to his body, stretching and flowing to cover him like molten silver, until he was wearing what looked like a second skin. Then, from the braces and his artificial heart, what looked to Steve like nano-bots flooded out and wrapped Tony in even more gleaming silver. But what the bots produced wasn’t slim and flexible like the undersuit – Tony now wore a suit of armor, complete with a helmet.
of free will,” Tony said, “but if you’re resigned to your fate—”
“Debris?” Steve repeated. The last of the ships breached Centuri-Six’s atmosphere. They surrounded the Nomad in seconds, missiles out and aimed.
Tony came back to scoop Bruce up and ferry him to the ship, Steve at his heels, knocking away anyone who dared set foot in his path. A few soldiers tried to shoot Tony out of the air, but he was quick and clever, and not a single blow landed.
Steve groaned and licked his lips. “Gorgeous,” he mumbled. Tony had to hold his breath. Steve explored him with both hands: one to wrap around the shaft, and one to play with his balls. If Steve’s hands had felt big on Tony’s back, that was nothing to how they felt now. Steve gave his cock a long, slow, firm stroke from root to tip. He squeezed the head, and when a bead of precum welled up in the slit, he wiped it onto his fingertip, which he immediately sucked clean.
Bruce nodded almost as enthusiastically as Peter.
He sounds grumpy, but he’s
Tony could not have said which of them shifted first to press their lips together. He didn’t care. He didn’t care, either, that they both reeked or that they both probably could’ve used some mouthwash or that every move threatened to send pain shooting through Tony’s chest. He was careful, and so was Steve, and for many moments they traded soft kisses back and forth, Tony’s arms winding more tightly around Steve’s neck, as if daring him to try moving away, Steve’s hands slipping under Tony’s shoulder and the back of his head to hold them together more snugly. Tony was perfectly safe and secure, and he had everything he could ever want or need, and he was never moving again, ever.
His crew had collapsed into chairs in the waiting room. Steve couldn’t sit down.
“Oh, fine!” said Tony, throwing his hands in the air. “I was kind of an important person on Stark. I used lies and deceit to get out of doing my job because I wanted to go planet-hopping. Happy?”
Antoni’il had a wife and daughter. Nothing would have ever happened between him and Steve. Steve didn’t know what he’d thought he was doing, coming here in the first place to demand attention from a man who was literal royalty and probably had enough on his plate trying to run a whole
Steve steadied his lover with a hand on his hip, and used his other to hold the base of his cock. He’d sort of forgotten that he, too, had a hard-on in desperate need of attention, and touching it now sent a wave of heat all up his body. By the time its blunt tip bumped up against Tony’s wet hole, Steve was breathing hard, barely stopping himself from yanking Tony down and seating himself all the way to the hilt. His muscles shook with the strain of holding back as the head of his cock popped past Tony’s rim and was enveloped in his tight, silky heat.
“Antoni’il,” said the man.
“Maybe because he
well. The back of his neck went warm at the memory; he could only hope the blush didn’t show on his face.
“I bet you could pick me right up and pin me against a wall, huh?” he said.
Tony’s finger drew a straight line up, at the area of the dome directly over the spaceport. “Watch.”
“We’ll figure it out together,” said Steve. “Get inside, Tony! That’s an order!”
He was too late. He’d missed his soulmate by a
“I— probably,” said Steve. “If not, the Hulk can. Why?”
With one smooth thrust, Steve pushed himself inside Tony, burying himself halfway. He slowed but kept going until his balls met Tony’s skin.
Fleet Admiral Nick Fury himself had sat him down and made Steve the offer. “We need people like you,” he’d said. “People who won’t forget.”
So they had to land, and they couldn’t put it off for too long. Next time, Tony and Peter’s emergency fix might not work, and then they’d all suffocate in deep space.
“Just because my plan didn’t have your express approval doesn’t mean it was wrong!”
The Hydra managed to clamp its damaged jaws around the sword and Iron Man’s gauntlet; it whipped him around like a rag doll and tossed him aside before turning back to the battlefield.
“Deal,” said Steve.
Steve loomed in the doorway. He hadn’t showered. His hair was streaked with dirt and sweat, standing up in dark blond spikes. He’d stripped off his armor and replaced the undershirt he’d given Bruce with a new one, a white tank top which might as well have been a layer of paint for all it concealed. Tony could almost make out the color of Steve’s nipples.
The first morning after he’d arrived, he wandered into the kitchen shirtless. He slumped over the kitchen counter while his coffee brewed, fumbled a mug out of the cabinet, and dragged himself to the table with his eyes half-closed. Coffee was hands-down the best thing humans had contributed to the Intergalactic Federation.
“Wait, can you say that again? I wasn’t recording.”
Steve tried, consciously, not to blush again.
“I didn’t get to be over seven hundred years old by accident,” Steve reminded him wryly. “I know what I’m doing, and I can take care of myself.”
Steve rose to his feet, slowly, and crossed his arms in that way he knew made his biceps bulge.
“You know I can put the armor on in pieces, right? I could, for example, wear the gauntlets and nothing else.”
“The Kree,” Steve said simply.
Someone tapped on his door. Steve pretended to be asleep, but Natasha opened it a crack and slipped inside anyway.
“She’s right,” said Sam. He shot a sharp look at Steve. “Isn’t she, Steve?”
Now, Natasha pinned him to the mat with both his arms behind his back.
“Mind filling us in?” said Sam. Natasha had finished with his cut, so now he was helping her assemble a brace for her leg.
“Good. I agree.”
Steve sat up and looked to the door, alarm bells going off in his head.
She left, and the door clicked shut unobtrusively behind her. It only made a noise because she let it. She wanted Steve to know he was alone; at the sound, Steve relaxed. He breathed out, released his death grip on his pillow, turned onto his back.
“Nat, please,” Steve groaned. “Please tell me I haven’t been that obvious.”
The Kree leapt out of the ships before they ever touched down, jumping from incredible heights and pouring to the ground, grayish-greenish blue like a stream of contaminated water.
He rolled his eyes. “You don’t have to
“Okay,” Tony says, instantly.
But it didn’t feel like a victory.
“Okay,” Tony said, “okay, anything you want,” and he leaned back, propping one hand behind him on Steve’s thigh. He tilted his hips up, and his other hand lifted his balls out of the way so he could present his hole to Steve’s needy gaze.
“You reckless
what we do, but I thought we could both use a quiet night.”
of you.”
“You don’t have to, sweetheart,” he said. “I can get myself off. God, just looking at you like this—”
Steve had turned on the shower and paused outside it to remove the one article of clothing he’d left on last night: his black armband. Tony was so used to the sight of it he had forgotten it was there.
“This” seemed to encompass all of what came next: Jan landing the ship in the middle of nowhere, as Tony had insisted. Tony putting on the armor before exiting the ship, and then leaving it on as he hustled them into a secret tunnel that opened up by the cluster of rocks Jan had pointed out earlier. Tony shushing them as he led them through a complex network of passages he apparently knew by heart, until at last they came to a set of stairs, which led them into—
Steve bit down on a grin. Tony made these casually thoughtful gestures all the time. For everyone, but especially Steve. Not that he’d do anything but deflect if Steve mentioned it. So he said, “Thanks, Tony,” trying not to sound
“Listen, the only reason I don’t talk about some things is because I thought I’d left this part of my life behind for good,” said Tony. “And then— Steve, I— there’s something I need to tell you— I tried to tell you before, but—”
, Steve thought. Tony had given him a gift far better than anything Steve could’ve bought: certainty. He knew how Tony felt. How they both felt. It was long past time he acted on it.
, he told it sternly.
Steve scanned the battle and pointed. “Over there. Sam needs back-up.”
with dating apps. But Tony’s so handsome and brilliant and kind. He could have anyone; for that, at least, he needs no technological assistance.
To his horror, Peatra sniffled. “Jo will miss you so much.”
He kept the name hidden not only because that was the custom, but because it was so strange:
He was charming and brilliant and fearless. And Steve… he loved being allowed to come along for the ride, but god, Tony probably thought he was painfully dull. He hated to think that, but it was true. Steve was from another time, another world – one that was small and slow and limited compared to this one. He didn’t have the kind of wit that played well at rowdy bars and his modified body couldn’t actually get drunk. He thought Tony would tire of him, would come up with an excuse to slip away from him and find better company.
The sound of Steve’s voice made every cell within him light up. It was as if Tony had woken up just for this, just for the chance to hear Steve say his name.
Tony’s answer would surely be more interesting than anything Steve could’ve come up with. He expected extravagance – someplace loud and crowded and strange, someplace that would get their hearts beating fast and their blood pumping. Someplace they’d be able to bid Xandar farewell with a bang. Steve would probably be a bit uncomfortable, as he’d been at the clubs and the bars and the parties they’d made brief pit stops in on other nights, but he was guaranteed an unforgettable experience at least.
“Okay. Okay,” Tony said. Resolve made his back straighten and his eyes harden. He held himself like a born leader; Steve wondered how he hadn’t seen that quality in Tony before, even as pride surged within him. “This is what we need to do.”
“It’s not only my decision,” he said grudgingly. “Are the rest of you comfortable with this?”
Waking up was unpleasant. Tony felt the way he imagined being buried alive might: too cold; his chest aching and heavy as if several feet of dirt were pressing down on it; his senses muffled; the gnawing anxiety of being all alone. But as he swam closer and closer to consciousness, most of those terrible sensations faded. Oh, the pain was still there. Yeah. His already-abused ribs had
“There’s a lab in here?” Tony asked, leaning forward.
Steve was there, and he wasn’t going anywhere. They could figure out the rest later.
The Stark gave him exactly the sort of arrogant smirk that was guaranteed to make Steve’s blood boil.
Before he’d joined the military, Rodos had been an engineer. He knew the specs to Tony’s artificial heart inside and out. Yiein had been the surgeon who’d implanted the thing in Tony’s chest. On why a palace engineer and the royal family’s personal doctor were so invested in Tony’s health, Rodos would only say: “Ask him yourself.”
“Stay in, and watch a movie, and cuddle,” Steve tells him firmly. He gets a hand under Tony’s chin so he can tilt his face up, make sure Tony’s looking at him. “I want to do this right. There’s no rush. I’m not going anywhere.”
“Tony?” Steve repeated, frowning. That didn’t sound very alien to him.
helped. She insisted on going another round and put Steve on the ground in five seconds flat.
Steve’s heart thudded hard against his ribs.
The ship of his dreams was all black and gold with a big white star on the side and NOMAD painted on in tall white letters. Toni’il knew, instantly, he belonged on that ship. It was practically calling to him.
died, I don’t— I don’t know. We never met. But shouldn’t I still be more… more upset?”
“You can’t help him if you pass out,” Natasha said. She and Sam sat tilted toward each other, Natasha patching up a cut on his arm. They’d all been offered treatment, but as their injuries were mostly minor, they’d elected to stick together and wait out Tony’s operation. Bruce could take a look at them once he came back.
“No. I mean, yes. Good. I’m good,” Tony said. Steve gave his fingers an experimental twist, and Tony’s head tipped back, his lips parting around a languid moan.
Tony leaned on his elbow and watched Steve look. Steve drank in the sight of him, wanting to memorize it all. The soft dark hair falling over his eyes, which were heavy-lashed and clever and fixed on Steve with that dizzyingly intense focus Tony had. The curve of his neck and the dip of his collarbone, the dark hair on his chest – around the glow of his artificial heart – and trailing down his stomach. His hard cock, twitching under Steve’s gaze, ready and waiting for Steve to enjoy.
“Son? More like show pony,” said Peter bitterly. “He’ll get over it.”
like this, but stars above, being kissed by Steve was like getting fucked. He kept Tony suspended exactly where he wanted him, kept his jaw open with his unyielding grip, pushed his tongue teasingly in and out of Tony’s mouth, stroking inside of Tony as confidently as if Tony belonged to him. It was all Tony could do to kiss back, to pull Steve’s hair and roll his hips into his body, to remind Steve that he could damn well give as good as he got— he wasn’t going to go limp and let Steve have his way with him—
He grinned in pure contentment.
“Maybe we should forget,” Steve had said, tiredly.
“Yeah.” The Nomad was too small to make out, but the curves of the bigger ships, the gleam of their hulls, and the shapes of the docks were all evident.
not kissing Tony. He had hundreds, maybe
“We’re unarmed,” Steve called, in the common language of the Federation. “We don’t want any trouble. We’ll leave if you want.”
(“Are they in mourning? Is that what the bands symbolize?” Tony asked Bruce. Humans were great fans of symbolism.
“Why would you stow away, though?” Janet asked curiously, leaning over the table. “Why us? Why this ship?”
He wasn’t wrong. The capital was a city of clean, pale stone and graceful arches, wide swathes of green spaces and tranquil man-made lakes. As they descended, its details grew clearer and sharper. Public squares boasted mosaic-tiled walls and floors, and the spaceport was bedecked with the Xandarian colors of blue and gold. There was ruin, too. Broken and crumbling buildings created a jagged, unhappy skyline. Panels in the dome that needed reinforcing showed dark against the clear sky, almost like spots of peeling paint in a ceiling. Big tents sheltered those who’d lost their homes and hadn’t been able to find space in newly erected public housing. Memorials for those who hadn’t lived to see the new Xandar could be spotted on nearly every street corner.
“I’m going to end this,” he said, his voice ragged with exhaustion. “Steve—”
“Get back on the ship, Stark,” Natasha grit out. She swung herself up onto a Kree opponent’s shoulders, knocked him out, then leapt from his collapsing form in a complicated flip that took out two more soldiers.
He dropped off mere moments after Tony did.
Tony met Steve’s eyes. “We need to land.”
“Strap in,” Jan said.
He took a deep breath. “I want to stay and fight. I can’t leave them unprotected.” He cast his eyes around the room again, taking in each of their faces. “I don’t expect you to stay. I know you don’t want to go to war again, and we just escaped the Kree. You can drop me off and get clear. I’d understand.”
Steve groaned as his slippery fingers found Tony’s hole.
Steve put up his shield and tugged Natasha close into his side. Beside him, the Stark soldiers held up their own defenses, and he saw Sam take cover with them.
, of all people,” she said. Natasha was the only other member of the crew with a Mark, and she covered hers with a black armband. Steve wore white. White was for a soulmate not found, still being searched for. Black was for a soulmate found and lost.
“I— I was just about to call you,” said Steve to the newcomer, guiltily.
. As a kid, he’d thought it had to be a made-up name his soulmate had somehow tricked fate into placing on Steve’s arm instead of whatever his
“Um, we’re talking about Tony,” Peter reminded them. “
Steve lay on his side and stroked a hand through Tony’s mussed hair. He petted up the curve of Tony’s back. He
was loss.
Steve fixed him with his sternest glare. “There has to be another way.”
“Third of his line,” the merchant corrected.
Tony began to talk, describing experiments and lab accidents and a best friend who’d always patched him up. Eventually, the tension drained from both of them, and though they didn’t move away from each other, the heat of touching became softer, less overwhelming, less likely to make Steve rush into things he shouldn’t. Steve didn’t notice when his eyes began to droop, but he fell asleep like that: curled up against Tony, their fingers intertwined, Tony’s voice following him into his dreams.
Steve frowned at him. “When you used the unibeam, it seemed to come out of the reactor. Tony… is the armor
Centuri-Six was a world not all that different from the Earth of Steve’s time, and the Centurii were a peaceful, democratic people whose culture revolved around the arts. Unfortunately, their planet was rich with resources they did not have the means to defend, and so the Kree conducted regular raids. They hadn’t planted a colony there yet, but it was only a matter of time.
“The Kree are closing in,” Tony said. “They’re not even trying to conceal their signals.”
His gloved fingers slipped on the edges of the faceplate. He tore them off so that he could dig his nails into the seam of the helmet and force it open.  His own breathing was so loud he could hardly think over it; blood pounded in his ears, and he had to blink sweat out of his eyes.
Tony never did. When Steve started to disengage, he wound an arm around his shoulders and pulled him into his conversations. Or he’d take him and Steve someplace else, someplace they could be alone and sit under the shimmering dome and talk for hours. He listened avidly when Steve talked about his past in the military, the wars and going into cryo – but he seemed no less attentive when Steve described his favorite bits of human art history, the movements and painters he’d loved best, and the pieces he wished he could have seen in person. He told Tony about
“She heard something weird in the engine room and went to check,” said Jan, spooning pasta onto her plate. “I bet it’s just a rat, but you know how she is.”
It shook its remaining head once, twice; its gleaming eyes tracked Iron Man high above—
Peter raised a hand.
“Tell me,” he said.
need something to do while they waited.
There was very little talking after that. Tony rocked his hips again, barely moving at first, but gaining speed until he found a rhythm that suited him. He’d rock forward, letting Steve slip out of him almost to the tip, and then drop back down fast so their bodies slapped together and Steve’s cock speared into him with force. He went on like that until sweat matted down the hair on the nape of his neck and beaded on his temples. Steve matched his every move, thrusting up when Tony sank down on him and holding Tony’s hips as he writhed atop him.
The droid, which resembled Antoni’il down to the last detail, lay motionless on his bed. Its skin had paled to a sickly blue-green, its blank eyes were open to the ceiling, and a hand lay curled in the cloth of its tunic, as if it had been clutching its chest in pain. Toni’il’s heart had been threatening to give out all his life; only a handful of people knew he’d long ago replaced it with the vibrantly glowing artificial one implanted in his chest now. None of those confidants – least of all his wife and queen Peatra; her lover Hapi; or his best friend, Rodos, one of the royal engineers and air force commander – would be giving away that particular secret of his.
Steve flushed harder. Tony watched in delight as the color spread down his neck.
Tony broke away from Rodos and a knot of strategists, pilots, and generals to make his way to Steve’s side.
Of course, that was when someone knocked on the door.
“Which part?” Sam said, darkly. “The dragon, the fact they let us into an honest-to-god palace, or how our crewmate has a secret identity he forgot to tell us about?”
“I guess he can’t blame me for telling you if you’ve already figured it out yourselves,” she said. “He
want to go for your last night on Xandar?”
,” he said, as Peter scurried away. Steve scowled at him in warning – only his crew got to call him that – but the Stark fixed him with another smile. A real one, lacking in the artifice and flashiness of everything else he’d done and said so far.
Tony tapped at his helmet. “That’s right. He’s in the suit. Helps me pilot, keeps an eye on life support, scans my surroundings for approaching threats. You know. Usual AI stuff.” Steve couldn’t
Janet, their pilot, who patted his shoulder and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
Peter produced a handheld screen and Bruce yanked a stylus out of his pocket, and the three of them huddled together while Tony sketched out some diagrams and wrote out a few equations.
you,” she said. “We’ve been listening in on chatter across the Federation’s airwaves, and the Kree are sending a battalion toward Andromeda. They’re coming for Stark. We have to warn—”
can land it!” Jan snapped. “I just don’t understand why we’re doing this!”
, and while Tony didn’t believe in fate, something in him crowed with triumphant delight at the thought that he was Steve’s. It was a bit like winning a lottery he hadn’t even known he’d entered.
“It’s beautiful,” Steve admitted.
Steve pulled away from him like he’d been electrocuted. He didn’t drop Tony, but everything about his demeanor changed. His grip went loose, more supportive than forceful; the hand cupping Tony’s face slipped down to his shoulder, and then to his back, and he lifted Tony away from the wall to set him gently back on the table.
But then Steve finished taking it off, revealing the skin underneath it.
The sound of a door swinging open and footsteps on tile made Steve break the kiss, which Tony found deeply unfair. Steve hastily disentangled himself from Tony – injustice after injustice as Tony’s fingers lost contact with Steve’s hair and skin, and his body lost the warmth of Steve’s, and his cheek lost the flutter of Steve’s eyelashes, and really, where did Steve think he was going – as he got up off of Tony’s bed and sat down, much too far away, on a chair beside his cot.
“You’ve gotta let him stay, Cap! Please!” Peter said, whirling around and begging like a kid who’d brought a puppy home to his mom. “He can obviously earn his keep, and I
Rodos was a commander of some kind; Steve didn’t know how rankings worked in the Stark military. But he barked orders, directed his subordinates into proper formation, and made it clear to all that the armored stranger and his human companions were allies.
“Tony,” Steve said, pressing his forehead to Tony’s and looking down between their bodies. “Can I—?”
– something Steve couldn’t see – into their hulls, and then zooming away again before anyone could blast him.
Steve did make one stop that wasn’t
“Are you still mourning?” Natasha asked. There was no judgment in her tone.
he scolded himself.
“I do,” said Fury. “Believe me, I do.”
Bruce sighed. “Sort of, yes, but that’s not the whole—”
“Look,” he said, helping Tony sit up, propped against him. He pointed out at the opening in the dome, through which the Xandarian sunrise was visible, a swirl of pink and gold and fierce orange which Xandar wore like a crown.
“That was my call,” Natasha said. They turned to her. “Tony, you destroyed three Kree warships. You think they were going to take that lying down?”
When they woke, they were sticky and disgusting and the sheets beneath them were drying stiff and crusty from their earlier activities. The time on Tony’s clock told him they’d slept through the evening and into the very early morning. Tony would’ve been happy to strip the sheets off and sleep on the bare mattress until a more reasonable hour, but Steve dragged them both into the bathroom to shower.
– lose this.
Steve used his grip on Tony’s shoulders to give him a gentle shake. “You have the right to live the life you want,” he said. “I’ve seen the things you build and how hard you work. Everywhere you go, you help people. You made sure Stark was taken care of, and when they needed you, you went straight back even though it was risky. I’m proud of you, Tony.”
. Is it because you never wanted to be king?”
“Tony!” he snapped. “What the hell?”
Tony laughed quietly, which the armor translated as a staticky noise. “If you hadn’t been here, I don’t think I could have left. I knew I could count on you.”
Tony shrugged. “JARVIS would’ve deactivated himself and you’d never have been any wiser. He’s harmless, I swear,” Tony said. “Unless I want him not to be.”
Tony flashed the false ID he’d used on Xandar. “We won’t need to ‘find’ anything,” he said. “We have the Links to get any part we need, as fast as we need it. We’ll be off Centuri-Six before dinnertime.”
It was true, of course.
If they were dating, Steve could reach over and cup Tony’s jaw with his fingers, rub his thumb over his stubble. He could take his hand away and put his mouth there instead. Steve’s chest hurts with want.
The Hulk shrank in on himself. Steve looked away politely until he heard Bruce groan. The Kree hadn’t come at them yet – fearing the Hulk’s return, no doubt – but he was sure that caution wouldn’t last long. He whipped off his armored top and then his undershirt, handed the shirt to Bruce to tie around his waist, and replaced his armor.
“Starks
For takeoff and landing, the crew strapped into crash-safe seats lined up behind the pilot’s chair. This meant Steve, in the Captain’s chair overlooking the rest, got to watch Tony gasp and lean forward, wide-eyed, as they breached the dome and saw all of Xandar spread out before them.
“But they
? he thought. Of course, the answer to that question presented itself immediately, bobbing to the surface of his mind, impossible to ignore:
“Yup,” said Sam.
He’d come straight from a mission. The news alerts had popped up on his phone on the way back; Steve had rushed through debrief, rushed through his shower, and gone straight home to the Tower as fast as he could.
Steve and his crew stuck close to the spaceport, but they did what they always did when they found themselves planetside: helped. They found quick, quiet work and brought supplies, non-perishable foods, and extra clothing back to the ship. They could’ve used Tony’s false ID to buy everything they needed, but that felt too much like theft to Steve, and they
And then the Kree were upon them.
His ass twinged in complaint, and his ribs were starting to feel the effects of last night’s activities, too, but Tony’s mouth watered as his eyes dropped to Steve’s cock again. No amount of soreness would stop him from appreciating a man
“I’d never.” Steve shuffled closer and then added, more seriously, “I don’t want to control you. But I don’t want to lose you, either.”
It was silly. But Steve thought Tony would get a kick out of it, even if he solved it in a minute flat. He’d probably give Steve that wide open smile he reserved for moments of genuine delight, the one that made his eyes crinkle at the corners. Steve could sit close to him and tell him what the vendor had said about all the different panels and the story behind them. Tony would lean into him, and Steve would be able to smell him – not just the engine oil on his clothes, but past that, to the natural scent of Tony’s skin, which had haunted Steve in his dreams ever since they fell asleep tangled together on Xandar. Maybe their arms would brush—
His soulmate. He’d been right there, right in front of Steve all this time. It had always just been Tony.
Tony tilts his head almost upside down so he can look at Steve’s face. “What?”
He was right. The Kree soldiers were all piling back into their warships, which were humming to life. There was no way the Nomad could outfly them.
. I didn’t think— how could I—”
There had been an issue with the air filtration system. Tony and Peter had fixed it, temporarily, but they needed to land and clear everyone out of the ship so they could solve the root problem that had caused the mishap. They’d need to switch out a part, most likely; it seemed all those months keeping the Nomad together with used parts scavenged from junkyards or bartered for favors had finally caught up with them.
you don’t want to turn back.”
. Everything happened so fast. But I swear I never meant to hide it from you.”
“Got it, Cap.” The next moment, Steve was touching down at the Hulk’s side. The Kree forces had thinned considerably, and a wide berth surrounded the Hulk as he tried to snatch at fleeing Kree.
Steve said, “You’ll have to abide by the rules of this ship, same as any member of the crew. I don’t give many orders, but when I do, it’s for everyone’s safety and I’ll expect you to fall in line. Understand?”
The Commander of the Nova troop lifted her mask. “You
Tony squeezed Steve’s fingers. “I see. Well, I don’t plan on going anywhere, so when that
“You might have just saved us from getting killed,” Steve muttered gratefully to Tony, as the crowd dispersed and after a few of the Nova warriors had pointed out several places where a few extra pairs of hands would be useful.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” Natasha said, and – to Steve’s immense relief – the others chimed in to agree.
“No way,” said Tony. “If I wait any longer for you to fuck me I might actually
He peeled his eyes open and tilted his head in the direction of that beloved voice, and was rewarded with the sight of Steve’s face. He squinted against the too-bright lights of the infirmary, but he could still make out Steve’s wobbly smile, his reddened eyes, the mess of his hair. He looked like he hadn’t even showered since the battle—
“We can’t go without Tony,” Steve said, urgently. Tony spun like a corkscrew in mid-air to avoid a blast that nearly caught him in the chest. Steve’s heart lurched. Tony was going for the one ship that had elected to follow them. He landed on the window, gave the pilot a jaunty wave, and planted one of his little devices right on the glass.
“Toni’il,” said the man, and then clamped his lips shut as if he regretted having said that.
A shadow fell over him. Behind him, the Hulk shifted threateningly, a growl starting at the back of his throat. But it was only Rodos.
“It would.”
Tony took a deep, slow breath. “Okay,” he said. His voice was a little shaky. Steve’s heart thudded frantically in his chest.
The “defense system” Tony and Rodos had discussed took out half the Kree battalion, right off the bat. The sky was a riot of fire and smoke as the golden warships were blown to pieces; the palace grounds reverberated with the cheers and battle cries of the Stark soldiers as they watched their enemies decimated.
“Yiein?” said Tony, starting to pull himself up into a sitting position – only to fall right back onto the pillow, grimacing.
.” Steve doesn’t mean to sound judgmental. There’s nothing
“You coded— never mind, of course you did.” Steve shook his head, exasperated. “Sorry,” he added, the tension leaving his muscles.
He did. He crept out under the cover of darkness through the network of underground tunnels that ran from the palace to the city. He kept the hood of his cloak pulled up. He had no kohl around his eyes, or the painted, swirling marks over his cheeks and arms that would have marked him as royalty; his lack of embellishment would be disguise enough, he hoped. Especially since most citizens were used to seeing him on a raised platform or carriage, not up close, walking among them.
“Oh,” said Steve. “Do
“It was fine,” he says. “Anything, uh… new?”
wanted—”
Natasha padded to his side and sat on the edge of the mattress. He heard her footsteps and felt the bed dip, but she stayed behind him, for which he was grateful; he did not know what she’d read on his face right now.
“Tony, we’re a crew full of outlaws and traitors. We’re all running from something. Why would we judge you for that?”
He had to tell him—
“When did you get that?” Steve asked.
Hovering massively in the pale sky, the dawn light bouncing off its gleaming plates, was a golden dragon. It had three heads atop long, coiling necks, with searing blue lights for eyes and a sleek body. Steve could almost detect the Kree warships’ curves and angles in its hide and claws and wings and lashing tail, but if he hadn’t seen the transformation himself, he wouldn’t have believed it was a creature of metal and machinery. It looked like a living thing.
Steve unlaced the front of Tony’s pants and pulled the flaps apart, revealing Tony’s cock. It was a darker blue than the rest of his body, flushed purple at the tip.
When Steve doled a helping out into his bowl, something suspiciously purple bobbed to the surface, but Tony gave him a nudge and a reassuring wink and Steve shrugged and took a bite.
“It’s fine,” she said. “For now.”
Tony paled when he read their coordinates over Jan’s shoulder.
“You’re one of the best men I’ve ever met. Even if you weren’t my soulmate, this crew would be lucky to have you.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” Peatra whispered.
Natasha, leaning against the doorway with her arms crossed, frowned at him. Sam raised a brow and shot him the sort of unimpressed look that told Steve he had at least an inkling of what Steve was thinking.
He practically shoved Tony into his room and locked the door behind them without looking. Tony fell onto the bed and began wriggling out of his clothes, shoving his pants down and swearing when they got stuck on his shoes.
“Heard what?” Tony says, oblivious to Steve’s inner turmoil.
“Sentimental value is for junk you need to make excuses to keep around. Not for body parts.”)
of kisses to make up for.
“Good night?” Tony croaked, eyes fixed on the sunrise. Steve didn’t look away from him. Not once. Not for a second.
“It’s nothing,” he said, sitting up, and then the guilt made him add, “Okay, so I have this stupid crush on Tony that I’m sure you’ve noticed. That’s it. Nothing’s
it’s space-safe.”
And that was an order Tony was more than happy to comply with.
“Is there another word for what you’re doing?” Natasha asked. “With all the— longing looks, and cuddling on the couch, and flirting at mealtimes, and—”
“You— since before—
Peatra’s job now was to implement his will against (what he was certain would be) the vociferous protests of the Stark High Council. His will ordered the cremation of Toni’il’s body, immediately and without examination. It was not so odd for royalty to make such a request; his own parents and grandparents had insisted on the same hands-off approach to their post-mortem arrangements. It also instated Peatra as Queen Regent until her and Toni’il’s heir was of age. The heir, of course, was the child of Peatra and Hapi, a bright little three-year-old girl with dark enough hair and brown enough eyes to pass as Toni’il’s even though she had inherited her mother’s pink skin and her father’s dimpled smile.
? Wow. Just when I thought I couldn’t like him any more.”
The Starks were a humanoid race and spoke the shared language of the Intergalactic Federation as fluently as they did their native tongue. It was easy to find a merchant at the port who could tell him about the royal family.
“No,” Steve said. “I don’t know. I just….”
The first neck severed at last. It fell to deafening cheers and the Hulk’s distinctive, victorious roar. The second neck toppled, and Steve leapt from its falling trunk to safety. Before he could return and climb to the middle neck, though, the Hydra spread its massive wings – which were translucent and ribbed, like those of a colossal golden bat – and took off into the air, its wings beating furiously and the engines of the Kree warships roaring from within it.
Among all this, the only beacon of hope was the silver-armored warrior who streaked across the battlefield. He mowed the Kree down like grass; he barreled into falling pods in mid-air and yanked pilots out of their seats before they could crash to a fiery death on the ground. And when it became clear the air force could do nothing against the Hydra, Tony swooped around and hovered in front of its three heads, meeting it straight on.
His boots and gauntlets erupted with light, and he launched away from Steve.
He got to his knees and lined himself up behind Tony. And there was that lovely view again, Tony’s ass cheeks spread open and his slick hole ready for Steve to take. He bent down, hands pulling Tony’s cheeks apart, and licked it.
The words escaped Tony with more possessiveness than he’d realized he felt. But he did feel it. This
allies, I know, but….” Tony looked from guilty face to guilty face. “There’s more to your retirement stories than you were telling me, isn’t there,” he said slowly.
“You. Tampered. With. My.
But Natasha said, “Who cares if it’s different? No one’s keeping score. You can feel however you feel.”
“We’ll talk later,” Steve told him. Those words would have normally sent him into a spiral of anxiety and doubt. But right now— well. You didn’t kiss someone the way Steve had just kissed him if you were
Steve’s jaw clenched. He turned pink all over his face and ears and neck, the color disappearing under the collar of his shirt. Tony wanted to lick him.
Natasha looked at him flatly. “If nothing was wrong, you would have made a move by now. This— pining. It’s not like you.”
It’s ten years overdue. Steve’s going to make sure it was worth the wait.
But then they put him back on a ship, and everything he’d endured up to that point had been worth it. What did it matter that he’d only ever sailed the sea? A ship was a ship. A horizon was a horizon. When he looked up, on the sea or in the skies, he could count on the sight of stars.
“TONY!”
“I’ve got you, Tony,” he said, and Tony was gone, his mouth open in a soundless moan, his cock pulsing in Steve’s hand as he spilled over Steve’s chest.
Even when the ships must have been empty of all but whoever was needed to pilot them, they did not land. The Kree warriors assembled themselves below the ships and spread out to surround the palace grounds, so that their ranks seemed to go on and on in either direction. The Stark forces watched them warily, waiting to see what this meant. The Kree were notoriously aggressive; they always attacked first. But now, they were waiting. Waiting for something to happen.
“This person somehow managed to stow away in the cargo hold – yes, I found the patched-up hole in the hull, thanks for that – and then found his way into the engine room,” Natasha reported. “He’s been messing around in there for— I don’t know how long.
“It’s not much,” said Bruce, “but I’ve been able to keep a few different experiments going.”
So Natasha took command, and Steve breathed and slept and got his head back on straight. By dinner time, they were light-years away from Stark, and Steve was feeling something like normal. Close enough to fake it, anyway.
As a rule, Starks were stunning, but his stowaway was beautiful even by the lofty standards of his people. His complexion was the blue of a deep sea. He wore – over a simple tunic and rough work pants – a cloak of moonlight, liquid silver that accentuated his broad shoulders and radiant skin. He had a sweep of black hair, tousled and rich, with a faint curl to it. His eyes were the most human thing about him: huge and brown and clever, with the longest lashes Steve had ever seen on a man. Goatee, rakish smirk, full lips. The big calloused hands of a man who knew hard work.
And Sam, their navigator and ex-army counselor, who clapped Steve on the shoulder and loaded up a plate for him.
the one who’s sorry.”
,” Steve said, glancing up at Tony’s sweaty, flushed, absurdly handsome face. “But maybe top 5.”
Apparently he was destined to spend the whole day acting like a dramatic teenager, because Steve… blushed.
Most of their stories had started the same way as Tony’s: they’d all been idealistic young idiots who’d set out with nothing but a dream. Well, except for maybe Natasha, who Steve had to assume had always been as focused, efficient, and lacking in sentimentality as she was now.
Tony had taken a few hits, and while nothing had been serious enough to make it through the armor, he had a fair number of bruises, including bruised ribs. Bruce was tending him; Peter pretended to help while quizzing Tony about every detail of the armor.
God. The armor was
Steve’s eyes snapped back up to his. His lips were still red from their kisses, vivid against his pale skin.
. The fact his Mark was inaccurate – there was quite a bit of difference between a prince and a king, Steve thought – really said it all. Nothing would have ever come of this foolhardy escapade of his, and maybe Antoni’il’s death had just spared Steve a great deal of embarrassment.
He cut himself off. Natasha touched her fingers to his shoulder and then let her hand drop.
But mostly he was trying to wrap his mind around this whole new version of Tony he was seeing, this secretive, authoritative Tony who’d had a life filled with people and experiences before he’d ever found his way to Steve’s ship. Steve was aching, suddenly, with the desire to know all the things he didn’t. To know Tony inside and out; to know things no one else knew about him.
“Wow,” Steve breathed, taking in the sight of Xandar’s lights, the golden ant-trails of street lanterns and moving laser-points of trolleys and pods.
The Nomad typically skirted around the edges of wherever the Kree were currently operating, even though humans were Kree allies. The relationship worked like this: Kree got human cannon fodder whenever they decided to wage war, and humans got to establish their own, smaller colonies alongside the Kree, with the help of their tech and resources. It was shameful, and had been one of the biggest factors leading to Steve’s decision to leave.
Toni’il had always known he was made for the skies; it was only a matter of time before he left Stark for good. But he wouldn’t leave his home in the hands of anyone other than the most capable and trustworthy person he knew. His long-time friend Peatra (who was a wife to him in name alone) was made to rule; but he’d had to wait for her to get pregnant, and then they’d had to make sure the pregnancy came to term, the child survived her first couple of years, and any rumors of her illegitimacy were squashed before they could balloon into a challenge of her status as heir.
“The best. Oh— fuck,” Tony said. He gave a little bounce, making Steve hiss and an expression of ecstasy cross Tony’s face. “Best oxygen tank ever.”
Sam, sitting next to her with an arm draped over her shoulders, disguised his laugh as a cough. The rest of the crew averted their eyes as Tony had sighed and turned to Steve.
need to come, but—
Tony wrapped an arm around his waist, and leaned into Steve’s hold. Steve watched his face take in the sight. The rosy glow painted Tony’s skin violet, and his dark eyes glinted with reflected sunlight. His lips curved in a tired smile.
“If he wanted to, we would find a way,” said Peatra. “He couldn’t be king again, but we could invent a new identity for him. But, Captain? I think you should talk to him before you start jumping to conclusions about what he wants.”
Then a voice behind him called, “Need a little help?”
Tony tapped a code into his palm.
Something Steve probably wouldn’t like.
The Hydra snapped its jaws at Tony. Tony darted out of the way and blasted it in the face with a repulsor beam. The Hydra shook it off, but gasps of amazement rose up from the Stark soldiers who had seen. Tony pressed his advantage, spiraling around and around the Hydra’s center head, aiming shots at its eyes and into its mouth; the Hydra wobbled in the air, unable to fly and fight and defend itself at the same time, and finally landed on all fours on the ground.
He looked over his shoulder. There was Natasha, making a running jump into the ship. Behind her was Sam, Tony gripping him by the hand and helping him swing inside.
Sam groaned in dismay. Natasha was blank-faced, but the stiffness of her hands on the table betrayed her thoughts – to Steve, at least. Bruce folded his arms and hunched into himself.
live in outer space and we get to see the stars all the time, but it’s different on-planet, isn’t it? It’s different everywhere we go.”
“It’s okay,” he says, placing his free hand over Tony’s, which is still clasped around his other wrist. “I know you care, Tony. It’s alright if you don’t feel the same. You’ve never made me feel ignored.”
“Fine, Pete,” he said. “Go look. But even if you
what that was?” Steve wrinkled his nose. “Are you sure you don’t want—”
long.”
At that moment, Queen Peatra swept into the room again. She was a tall, graceful woman with bubblegum-pink skin; an elaborate dress made of luminous, flowing, pastel-colored cloth in varying hues; orange hair; and swirls of white paint covering every piece of exposed skin, making her look like some otherworldly being. She was also very pregnant.
Tony had never been anyone’s “teammate” before. Even at school; in the hand-to-hand combat courses he’d taken; during research projects he’d participated in or led when his scientific endeavors had been allowed to take up more of his time than his royal responsibilities— he’d always been the prince, and that had set him apart. But here, on the Nomad, he was a member of the crew just like any other. It was a fascinating experience. He was constantly discovering all the astonishing ways humans differed from Starks, despite their similarities in appearance.
, Captain.” As if to prove a point, he rocked his hips in a slow, shallow rhythm, gradually taking more and more of Steve’s cock, until Steve was buried all the way inside him. Once he’d taken all there was to take, Tony paused. His head tilted back, exposing the length of his throat, and his back arched as his body adjusted to the intrusion.
Tony gave him a wry look. “Very bold of you to lecture
“Did— did I hurt you?” he asked, stepping back from Tony as if nervous his very presence might cause Tony pain. “I’m so sorry—”
He and Natasha had a tradition: if you were distracted enough to get your ass kicked three times in a row during one sparring session, it meant you had something to talk about and would not be leaving the ring until you did. That was how Steve had learned about Natasha’s “James” – it had been the five-year anniversary of his death. Steve had invoked the Three Strikes Protocol, and Natasha had confessed, and Steve had felt awful about pushing her. But it
Tony’s brows furrowed. “My heart?”
That reminded Steve of a question he still had. “Do you think that’s why my Mark— on my Mark, your title is
He was impressive. And handsome. And Tony hovered near him and traded quips and seemed more relaxed than he had since he and Steve had been forced out of bed. The night he and Tony had spent together seemed so far away now in comparison to the immediate reality of battle prep and Tony resting his hand on another man’s shoulder.
“Tony?” Steve said, urgently. The mattress dipped as Steve moved to sit down at Tony’s side, without releasing his hand.
“Just to the gym,” he said. “And it’s Steve.”
The Kree ships exploded.
He lurked nearby and watched people come and go through the main exit hatch; he counted just six of them. The crew seemed to consist entirely of humans, which cemented his decision. Humans were different enough from Starks that Toni’il would have plenty to learn from them – but similar enough that they could get along. Once they figured out he was there, anyway, which didn’t need to happen until they were well into deep space.
Steve jumped. His fork slipped from his grasp and onto the table with a clatter.
“Mostly I thought it didn’t matter if you were straight or not, because you’d never want me.” Tony pauses. “Oops. I killed the mood, didn’t I?”
“Um, not exactly,” said Tony.
Tony’s smile is fragile, but he nods. “I believe you.”
Steve missed Xandar as soon as they left it behind – not because he’d loved Xandar itself, but because that meant goodbye to all those beautiful evenings spent with Tony. They were back on the ship, in close quarters with the crew. Peter, Bruce, and JARVIS kept Tony occupied with work; Steve had the responsibilities of leadership and Sam, Nat, and Jan to spend time with. He loved his friends, he did. But he missed having Tony to himself.
And then it – or rather, its Kree pilots – decided to go for the easier target. It found Steve and his crew at the front lines of the Stark army. Its head dropped almost level with the ground, and its massive jaws opened so wide it was like looking into a black hole. Hot air spewed from its throat as though from a furnace.
“Ohh, yes,” Tony said, and then his eyes flew open. “I mean, well, I really think you’d rather hear it sooner than later.”
Tony nudged Steve’s hip with the heel of his foot. “You. Clothes. Off,” he said.
“I know, I know. But still.” His gauntlet brushed Steve’s hand, so lightly it could have been mistaken for an accident. The burning blue-white eyes of his mask bored into Steve’s. “Be safe, Steve.”
“Why fake his death?” Natasha asked.
“Just give me an hour. Wake up at the usual time,” he said.
“We’ll have plenty of time later,” he whispered into Tony’s hair. He could feel Tony’s warm breaths puff against his neck. His arm, draped over Tony’s body, rose and fell in time. He tucked his hand under Tony’s shirt and found in the recesses of his mind the name of some long-dead pagan goddess and thought,
But. Yeah, Steve remembered that conversation
“I’ve never been here before,” Steve had said. “Don’t want to cause offense by saying something ignorant.”
“No, I’m sure,” Tony was saying. “The Nomad needs to land. Whatever the closest planet is, we have to go there.”
“We’re taking him to the palace to be treated,” said Rodos. “But we
The other thing Tony found out about humans was that some of them – Steve and Natasha, but not the others – wore black bands around their arms, and addressing their existence in any way was taboo. If you asked why they wore them, Steve went pale and muttered an excuse to get away from you, and Natasha kicked your ass twice as hard next time you sparred with her.
be quiet about it.”
Most people nowadays, they didn’t put much stock in Soul Marks unless the mate was also human, like Nat’s had been. It took more than destiny to make a good match – that had always been true, but it was truer than ever now. Hell, Prince—
“Steve!” Tony gasped, twisting his head around to try and look at him.
Steve and Tony stood on the distractingly clean sidewalk, watching their friends depart.
The faceplate clicked into place. Its eyes glowed the same fierce blue as Tony’s artificial heart, matching the energy nodes along the armor’s limbs and torso; its interlocking plates were flawlessly crafted, polished to a shine, and – as the first Kree soldier who tried to blast Tony with a photon gun discovered – strong enough to withstand incredible force.
Natasha hauled Steve inside and yanked the hatch closed.
He opened the drawer of his nightstand and pulled out a bottle of lube. Steve squinted at it.
like a Stark,” she said, squinting, “but I’ve never known a Stark to keep such poor company.”
The battle slowed as almost all turned their faces skyward. The Kree jeered, but the triumphant shouts of the Stark soldiers drowned them out. Iron Man, they called him, in tones of amazement and hope. But all Steve felt was despair as he watched the slim silver figure zip around the Hydra’s remaining head, like a fly circling a horse. Tony wasn’t like Steve or the Hulk, with their heightened strength and healing abilities; he wasn’t like Sam or Nat, professional fighters trained for war. He was just a man. A brave, brilliant man, but a man nonetheless.
He was right. Tony kept pace with the Nomad as they finally cleared Centuri-Six’s atmosphere and entered orbit. Steve felt simultaneously better and worse as he watched Tony. At least Tony wasn’t provoking the Kree army anymore, and he was staying where Steve could see him. But, even in the suit, Tony looked incredibly small and vulnerable out there in the void of space.
“Hey guys,” said Tony. “Give me a sec.”
, or anything.
“Tony.” He shook Tony awake as gently as possible. His eyes traveled down Tony’s body, to his loose pants, which— yes, sported a sizable tent at the crotch.
,” said JARVIS. “
When at last the time came for him to fight, when at last the Fifth Extraterrestrial War was upon them, he fought. But times had changed even more than he’d anticipated: humans weren’t defending anymore. They were attacking. They were colonizing.
“That’s right,” said Steve.
And then— Tony didn’t know if he’d thrust a little too enthusiastically, or if Steve had pressed in a little too hard, but a hot lash of agony broke across his side where he’d taken that hit earlier. His next gasp was unmistakably one of pain, not pleasure.
is so powerful, when he and Tony have the weight of so many years and so many fights and so many apologies and so many victories and so much happiness anchoring them together.
“I don’t mind extra company, Cap,” Janet put in.
Steve tries not to pay attention to the gossip rags, and this is why: it ends with him hovering in the doorway of the common living room, about to make an ass of himself in front of his best friend.
“Having fun?” he called. Steve, with his enhanced hearing, could pick out his mechanized voice even from the tumult of battle, and could read the fury in it. “Why don’t you try going a round with
“We could give him a chance,” said Sam. “I guess. Ship needs to run, and if he can help with that….”
“Like you haven’t already got the whole evening planned out,” Steve shot back knowingly.
“At least a few days away,” said Jan.
Steve was silent.
“I wanna
the king, and my husband, but we were only ever friends. Jo is not his. I have— someone else.”
His crew knew what had happened. He didn’t keep secrets from them. Natasha, as his second-in-command, took the lead and got them off Stark as soon as she could. Normally, they’d have taken their time, spent the night in a place as nice as this one. The ivory-and-glass spires of the palace in the distance, the sand-colored planet that filled half the sky, the lithe people like walking poetry with skin in just about every color imaginable – it was practically a fantasyland, and far more pleasant than a lot of the other places they’d been. But Steve knew he wouldn’t be able to look in any direction without a hot wave of mingled embarrassment and grief flooding him. He couldn’t bear to stay and have to make a choice about the mourning rites that would be overtaking the city as soon as the fourth (and final) sun set. To join them as an anonymous member of the crowd, or to pretend they weren’t happening and keep his distance – both options felt either painful or disrespectful.
us,” he reminded Steve.
“Stop?” Steve managed to ask.
“What,” Steve asked, when the trolley slowed enough for Steve to speak over the wind, “are we doing in the woods, up a mountain, in the middle of the night?”
Tony followed. Of course he did.
“Is that suit space-safe?” Sam asked nervously, as Tony jetted up to fly by their side.
“Aren’t you tired?” Steve asked.
“Just give me a chance,
Tony cleared his throat.
Natasha lay down on her side, facing him across the mat. “I hope so, too.”
“And the next nearest planet is—”
“Oh,” said Steve. The cold lump of unhappiness that had settled in his chest seemed to dissolve. “And you knew that he wanted to leave?”
The room did not, however, contain Tony. So Steve spent his nights squeezed into the little cot next to his soulmate and thanked every deity he’d ever even heard of for granting him the privilege.
“What do you want to do, then?” Steve asked. He touched his fingers to the back of Tony’s hand. “Any way we can help, we will. Just tell us what you need.”
He was still very conscious of Tony’s wrapped ribs, the bruises just starting to show on his arms and legs. He pushed lightly at Tony’s shoulder, urging him to lie down, and removed Tony’s shoes and pants himself. He touched the delicate bones of Tony’s ankles as he set each leg back down, and ran his fingers up to his kneecaps, up to his strong thighs, which Steve parted.
He’d done enough. He’d fought. He’d died and been reborn. He’d let them regrow his body twice over. All this he had accepted, even embraced. He had done his duty. Now… now he didn’t know who he was or what he was fighting for anymore. And so he left, to figure that out.
“Those kinds of thoughts are useless,” Natasha told him. “You are allowed to want someone else. You’re allowed to be happy.”
Steve nodded.
This was a wake-up call. It was time to put his childish fantasies to rest.
But it wasn’t enough. For the remaining half of the Kree contingent still outnumbered them.
, he told himself, sternly,
Steve turned. Tony had unearthed the contents of his bag, which included several blankets, an assortment of snacks and water bottles, Steve’s sketchbook and pencils, and a small toolbox alongside one of Tony’s miniature robot projects.
“It’s perfect,” Steve said, meaning every word. “Thank you, Tony.”
“Tony,” Steve said, very slowly. “What is going on?”
“It’s my AI,” said Tony. “I used to have him at the— um, at home, but now that I’m leaving…. Well, he goes everywhere with me. He’ll make sure all the onboard systems are running smoothly, help your navigator chart flight routes,
But if he walks away the question will just keep eating at him, and he needs to give himself closure. He’s known all along he doesn’t stand a chance with Tony. Maybe hearing it from Tony himself will finally make his stupid heart let go of its little fantasy.
Numb with fury and fear, he followed Natasha to the bridge. She strapped into one of the seats; Bruce and Peter and Sam were all in place, too, and Janet was in the pilot’s chair, carefully urging the ship up and up into the sky. The Nomad had no weapons systems; they could do nothing but run.
“It’s already done,” he said.
“Close enough. I like that, I’ll keep it,” said Tony, imperiously. Steve opened his mouth to push the issue, but Peter burst into the room nearly vibrating with excitement.
“Wow,” Tony breathed.
labs,” Steve reminded him. Not much! If Bruce had cared so much about having a fancy workshop he’d have stayed at the university, wouldn’t he?
In the end, Tony’s room was closer, so that was where they went. They were lucky no one saw them on the way there. Neither of them had a hope of hiding how hard they were, or how flushed, and Steve couldn’t help but stop Tony just to pin him against a wall and grind their cocks together while he took Tony’s mouth in a slow, filthy, open-mouthed kiss. Right there in the middle of the damn hall.
They both froze, startled. Tony genuinely didn’t know if Steve had intended to kick his ass and was now thrown off by Tony’s obvious arousal pressing into his stomach, or if he’d been acting on the same lust-addled instincts as Tony, the ones that had processed “potential physical threat” and then presented “shameless sexual submission” as the appropriate response.
if that person was me.”
Steve stared at her. She gave a soft, frustrated sigh.
They stood so close that, had Tony taken off the helmet, they would have been breathing each other’s air.
“I can’t— I can’t imagine Tony abandoning his child,” Steve said stiffly. This had been bothering him ever since he’d set eyes on Jo. The thought made him sick to his stomach – that he’d slept with a man who had a wife and child he’d simply given up on. That his
Tony released Steve’s hand and managed to bring his arms up to wrap around Steve’s neck. Steve didn’t resist as Tony pulled him close, and closer still, until their foreheads pressed together and they’d both shut their eyes and Tony could feel the heat radiating off Steve’s body – which he took care to hold well above Tony’s damaged chest. Steve’s arms bracketed him, and Tony stroked the back of Steve’s neck, from his soft hair to the top of his spine.
