When had it gotten so hot in this house?
“Often,” Castiel answered immediately. How many times did he lay awake at night wondering what it would feel like to come home from an average job, have a partner he could cook dinner with, and only worry about things like car payments and buying new refrigerators instead of worrying about if someone truly evil would enter his city? Though he’d had his abilities nearly all his life, it was still oftentimes difficult to accept that he would never get to experience a completely normal life. He tried to keep his home life as normal as he could by rarely utilizing his powers and keeping his work and family separate, but that didn’t erase the fact that he was a Super and he had a responsibility to the people of his city. “But then I think about all the lives we’ve saved or made better because we aren’t normal. Where would they be if we weren’t Supers?”
“Charlie, I can’t tell you–” at that moment Castiel took the phone out of his hands.
It took less time than expected for dinner to be prepared and right when Jack started to get a little fussy, he and Dean were seated at the table with Jack in between them at his high chair. As Dean began digging into his food, Castiel took a few minutes to cut the meat and vegetables into bite sized pieces, knowing that Jack would either throw them to the floor or completely ignore them but Castiel couldn’t, in good conscious, not try to get his child to eat more vegetables.
easy about whatever this is."
Dean gave him a strange look. “I’m not gonna kick you out of your bed because my back is a little sore. Really, it’s fine.”
Castiel did not move. “Why?”
Charlie shook her head. “Oh Winchester, how long have you been keeping this inside?”
Yeah, he was in a lot of pain but he could tell that his ankle had been wrapped and there was a bandage on his forehead where he’d smacked it against the brick wall. However, the person most likely responsible for the caretaking was nowhere in sight.
That thought hurt. He’d loved his house. It was where Castiel had brought Jack home from the hospital, had watched him take his first steps, heard him babble his first words. The thought of that home being threatened brought out a fury in him he hadn’t known existed. He wanted Abaddon and anyone she was working with gone. He just needed to get them as far away from civilians as possible.
It appeared that Dean hadn’t considered this before but Castiel didn’t blame him. It wasn’t necessarily easy to remain objective when someone was threatening your life.
nice to have this change. To have someone to come home to, to have someone help him around the house and with Jack. He liked how things were going for them despite his better judgement. Maybe it was stupid of him and Gabriel would probably have his head for it but Castiel couldn’t help the fact that he wanted Dean to stay. So he somehow forced himself to be bold enough to say it.
“You wanted me to leave with you, right? We might as well, now. I've lost my dealer, I doubt that that kid will shut up about the guy using the Force in his dorm.” Castiel shrugged. “Have to leave sometime.”
Jack looked confused as his eyes fell on the archway Castiel had walked out of. It was when the baby started crawling in the direction that his father had just left, that Dean realized he was the one in charge now.
Or maybe, he couldn’t live without
“Care to explain to me why my brother is here?”
The first thing he noticed was his eyes, greener than the forests of Alderaan with specks of golden Jakku deserts. His spiky, dirty brown-blond hair was almost the right shade of Tatooine, with dots of freckles splattered all over him like islands on Dac. And when he reached through the Force, the boy was even more
“It is our duty to uphold peace in the galaxy.” Master Gabriel answered formally.
“Jack,” Castiel said with a mild warning, “we share our cars.”
He’d never thought of using magic here on earth until now - he could already feel the absence of it in the air. It explained why the atmosphere here felt stale. In his world, Castiel and his brothers were only able to do the simplest of spells, unless they have a spellbook, and even then, they need potions and ingredients to do so.
“Hey there handmaiden.” Charlie greeted without even a glance at Dean. “What can I do for you?”
Cas cut him off with a kiss.
He knew Castiel was right but he didn’t have to agree.Those people needed him there. “It’s better than doing nothing.”
It was clear the Super was still uncertain but there was nothing that either of them could do, at least until Dean healed enough to run. They were going to have to make this work somehow.
All Dean could do was to watch. He had hoped that he would be eating with someone else, but Charlie was the next best thing. Now he felt slightly guilty thinking of his best friend as his second choice. He was really hoping that he could maybe get some time with Castiel, and  work out whatever he was feeling. This dinner was his way of testing the waters, somehow, and the plan had pretty much went FUBAR right there.
“I like you. And not just in a friend kind of way. I’m attracted to you. Big time,” the bed shifted as Dean turned to his side, his voice growing louder as he turned to face Castiel. “I know we haven’t really known each other long and I’m not even sure if you like me in that way, or if you like guys in general, but I just thought I should put that out there. I don’t expect anything. I just didn’t want to make things uncomfortable, especially now that we’re sharing a bed and all.”
Dean groaned, and Charlie started in her chair. “What-?”
Dean Winchester lost a great deal when the Republic collapsed. He watched his fierce, independent planet be forced to submit to the new regime, and the love of his life disappeared during the Jedi Massacre. Now, he travels the galaxy, hunting rumors of Force sensitives so he can help them hide from the Empire, and to try and find the one he lost.
The few days leading up to the date were busy enough that Dean didn’t have time to get nervous. Cas got called out one night in the middle of the night for a situation that kept him out until the early morning and threw off their usual routine making Jack uncharacteristically fussy from it. By the time their date night rolled around and Cas and Dean dropped Jack off at Cas’s parents for the night, it finally dawned on Dean that he was going on a date. His first once since he was in his early, early twenties.
“I meant we could share. My bed is large enough to accommodate both of us.”
Usually villains didn’t need a reason to go after others, but from what Castiel knew of Captain Speed and Abaddon’s history, it seemed personal. What exactly was Abaddon after? And if she had been trying to take Dean down for so long, why hadn’t Dean been able to stop her?
“Well, you’re under new management now,” her voice lilted and sang sweetly. She stood in front of him, a little too close for Dean’s comfort. “You have no choice. I can crush you all with a finger and the full backing of the Empire. And really, I do not need any of you Winchesters undermining my authority, as pretty as some of you are,” Abaddon’s eyes scanned him lasciviously from head to toe, “so you can all pack-up and move elsewhere, or bow to the Empire as my pretty little puppet government - you know, just to keep your people quiet.”
“What is?”
Castiel grinned lazily at Dean, and ignored his question. “I did miss you, you know. Every time we talked on the comms, I missed you. Every time you had to go to the Senate and we were able to eat at that diner, I missed you. When I left Larka, I missed you.” Castiel sighed, and snuggled against Dean, even if the other man was as stiff as durasteel. “I still miss you. Your warm gold and cool greens, and your brightness in the Force, but I can’t see or feel them right now, and maybe you’re not real, maybe I’m hallucinating you again, or you’re a vision, or I’m dreaming, because you can’t be here.” He closed his eyes. “I really miss you.”
Dean was glad he wasn’t the only one who felt that way but before he could say anything Jack was making demands.
“Since when?” Dean asked, referring to Castiel and Gabriel’s relationship. It made Castiel laugh. The other Super was so shocked.
“Of course I’ll play with you.”
“I’m not lying,” he said with a sigh. She was really, truly going to kill him. Especially with what he needed to say next. “There’s another thing.”
“You want some birthday cake?”
Dean's eyes lit up in understanding. “You were searching his mind. Using the Force.”
“It’s his evil ploy,” Castiel said in a mock-sinister voice. “Make people think he’s cute then steal all they hold dear when they’re not looking.” Dean smiled at the fondness in Cas’s voice. “Isn’t that right, love,” the other Super asked his son. Jack giggled.
The public had been confused when pictures of Captain Speed and The Seraph kissing in the middle of the fight had surfaced, but no one seemed to particularly mind that the city’s two Supers were in a relationship, especially since their fight with Abaddon, the two Supers were rarely spotted together. It was for the best, really, since both Dean and Castiel realized they were incapable of thinking rationally while fighting side by side, too scared the other would get hurt to focus. Somewhere down the line they knew they’d be placed in the situation again but with Jack in the picture it didn’t seem wise to risk it until something big came along.
Now he had Dean Winchester in his bed. Captain Speed. Captain Speed was wearing his clothes in his bed. Laying next to him. On his pillows. This was a stupid idea. The most terrible idea Castiel had ever had. What was he thinking? Gabriel had been absolutely right. Castiel was attracted to Dean. Of course he was. He had working eyes and Dean was gorgeous but it was more than that. Dean was funny and smart and was amazing with Jack and Castiel was pretty certain he’d never see anything sexier than Dean carrying a baby.
Dean pointedly did not take the bait. “Why are you telling me this?”
His son seemed to contemplate the merits of sharing before crawling over to his pile and carefully extracting a blue truck, green car, and black car all the while saying the colors in his best baby gibberish. By the time Dean was sitting crisscross on the carpet, Jack seemed to have decided Dean was allowed the black car.
“Did he just–” Dean stammered, looking between Cas and Jack.
Jessica Moore.
Part of him wished he would’ve just let Dean call his brother and leave but the paranoid side of him mixed with the part of him that couldn’t refuse helping someone in need had won out, albeit against his better judgement.
His mind kept going back to that kiss.
Castiel turned to the owner of the new voice. He had been so focused on not looking bewildered at his master knowing the senator’s husband that he almost forgot the two other people in the room.
The Captain had been reluctant to find help, mostly because at first it looked like just another day for the security team. Nobody thought the attacks were even related, until someone realized that recently the attacks were committed every January, almost always on the 24th. The security detail and the local police had been stumped even with a thorough investigation, so now it was up to the Jedi.
It wasn’t the throbbing in his temple or the dull ache in his ankle that woke him, but the very insistent tugging at his nose. Resisting the instinct to swat at the tiny fingers that had found their way up his nostrils, Dean forced his eyes open and was greeted by the sight of the brightest blue eyes he’d ever seen, followed by the sweetest glee-filled giggle.
“They have you on patrol a lot,” Dean commented.
“Dean!” Castiel shouted. “You’re supposed to be with Jack!”
“Unpleasant doesn’t even begin to describe it,” Dean said. As he left, another woman in Imperial greys followed close by, and started walking with Dean and Gabriel. Her hair fell in waves under her cap, and she looked soft, almost ethereal. As they walked, she seemed to nudge them in certain directions, which Dean followed with curiosity. He exchanged looks with Gabriel, who shrugged at him, as if to say that he was not sure what was going on either, but this new, shorter red head did not seem to mean any harm. In fact, Gabriel was eyeing her with a naughty twinkle in his eye, which meant trouble.
“Out of the two of us, you are far more charismatic. I’m sure me being on patrol is their way of keeping me far away from civilians.”
“And what’s that?”
Castiel wavered, and sat on the ground again. He took another drink from the bottle . He heard the rustle of clothing being straightened. Dean huffed.
“I don’t know what to say Dean, he sounds pretty perfect for you," Charlie pointed out. "His reaction to the kiss makes it sound like he thought it was awkward for
Dean felt a little sick at the thought that the other man may or may not have heard every single one of Dean’s thoughts since he’d woken up. He didn’t know how he’d explain himself out of his very not pg-13 thoughts he’d had last night as the two of them talked. How couldn’t he help but notice the way Cas’s lips moved as he spoke or the way his muscles rippled as he reached to grab his drink. It was like he was just asking for Dean to lust after him a little bit.
Jack was still in his lap, oblivious to Dean being a dorky fangirl over his dad. “What’s he thinking right now?” He prompted, hoping the other Super would play along. There was a dramatic sigh from the armchair but Castiel didn’t say no.
“Nigh-nigh?”
The man didn’t seem to respond or react to Dean’s presence at all. He just looked right at him then seemed to completely dismiss him. He sighed, and walked back into the hut. Dean followed, running after him.
He could already hear reporters shouting for them, and the rookie officers trying to keep them all back. The last thing he wanted to do was stand around and answer questions for interviews or the police. He just wanted to be home with Cas and Jack, knowing they were all safe. When Dean heard Jody’s voice calling to him, he sagged in relief.
“This is not you, Cas!”
thought I could read minds, do you know the kind of target that would put on my back?”
“Uhm… just the one house. No rotating.”
Castiel lifted Jack off the ground, causing the baby to wriggle in annoyance but Castiel held on tightly with broad arms wrapping protectively around him.
Jack’s nighttime routine was often the same. They usually started with bath time which was by far Jack’s favorite part of the day. He loved when Castiel would help him float on his back and Castiel loved the relaxed look on his baby’s face, knowing his son felt completely safe. Lotions and baby creams were a tougher sell for the kid and diapers and footsie pajamas were a battle, but by the time that they were in the rocking chair, Jack holding his nighttime bottle, and Castiel reading a goodnight story, everything was always so calm and peaceful.
It was then that Dean spoke to Castiel for the first time, thanking him for the help and asking if he was interested in going back to the police department and possibly getting to know each other over a beer. The casual invitation and the way Captain Speed had seemed genuinely interested in befriending him almost had Castiel agreeing but then the media had arrived and news reporters swarmed them both asking for interviews and photographs.
“Hey, look, you can’t blame me for last month’s schedule, we were in the middle of a trial, you know this Dean!” There was a pause, and Sam’s voice grew quiet. “That was the first time we hadn’t seen each other in over a month - hell, Eileen dropped in to check on you for me. It’s not like I forgot you, Dean.”
“What does?”
Dean looked to where the woman’s body was slumped over, but turned away quickly. “She’s dead.”
After Abaddon had been destroyed, they had a few months of normalcy (or as normal as two Supers in a relationship with a child could have). Castiel and Jack were introduced to the rest of Dean’s team, and both of their Super teams had decided to sync up to form their own mini headquarters. Per Charlie’s orders, Castiel and Dean had found a few apartments and houses within and around the city they were willing to make into safehouses to keep with Charlie’s strict rotating routine–they still preferred their main house the most.
“I don’t think–” Dean’s phone interrupted Cas’s words, and usually he’d ignore a phone call in the middle of a discussion like this but the ringtone alone drew his attention away from his boyfriend. His back went rigid.
It was a little frustrating. If they were called much earlier, then the investigation would have gone much smoother and faster, and more people would have been saved. Why do worlds do this often? Don’t they realize that fast action and promptness are key? They were here to help, but people tend to call for them when things are potentially or actually too late. His master didn’t seem to mind, however. He liked the challenge of being under pressure and still finding time to do something to enjoy their mission.
“Nothing will happen to him, I swear on my life,” Dean promised.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I will.”
“Like you wouldn’t know.”
Jody tried to explain to Castiel once that it wasn’t because they were ungrateful, rather because when Supers were around oftentimes more damage ended up being done than good. Even if unintended.
“Excuse me?”
Castiel’s eyes widened, and he turned in the bed to face Dean. “Dean.”
“Was there?” Castiel asked, pushing Dean away gently. “You don’t know anything, Dean. You have no idea. I just… I need a drink.” Castiel stood up, and got one of the beers from his cooler. He would have grabbed a bottle of rum, but somehow, all the hard alcohol he had was gone, including his spice. Dean must have gotten rid of it.
Before Castiel could process what was happening, he felt his airways being constricted. He tried to pull the force away but realized it was Abaddon’s smoke that had wrapped its way around his neck and torso and was slowly pulling him towards the evil woman.
They sat in comfortable silence as they ate. Dean ate one pancake after the next, as if he could imbibe courage via large quantities of flour and sugar. He kept an eye on Castiel as he ate as well, trying to gauge when the man would finish.
This was something Castiel wasn’t good at, trying to navigate how to get to know someone. He had always struggled with having conversations with others being that small talk was a miserable experience when one had many secrets to hide. He couldn’t very well tell someone what he did for a living and people tended to get uncomfortable with his sketchy answers.
He needed to talk to Charlie.
“No, it’s okay. Let’s try this again.”
“When you put it that way…”
“They were arrested on suspicion of rebellion and treason,” the student responded. “That’s all I know. Please let me go.”
–conducted himself. If Dean’s own team hadn’t insisted that it would be in his best interest to be a public figure and raise awareness with the city in hopes to reduce crime rates, Dean would’ve liked to remain in hiding as well.
“No, me,” Jack declared, being stubborn.
Castiel was glad Dean had someone looking out for him as well.
, Charlie," Dean insisted. Charlie's reaction was actually making him feel better, but he felt like he had to keep
Would it be rude to ask why Abaddon was coming after him? At the very least this sounded like information Castiel needed to know, especially if he was now at risk of being on her radar.
“Of course. I take it your brother also had that honor?”
“Or something. If you eventually find a place to go, then by all means I won’t force you to stay, but there’s no rush on my end for you to go.”
Dean’s cheeks had gone red and he scratched the back of his neck and babbled, “Yeah. Yeah, yes, yeah. Okay.”
“Then who’d hunt monsters and teach angels how to human, Cas?” Dean elbowed him a little as they walked. Cas smiled at him. Dean smiled back. “I suppose I wanted that life at one point. It would have been nice to have just spent my days studying and taking tests. I wouldn’t have been good at it, but it would have been better than a lot of the things I ended up experiencing.”
“They are not for you.” He stared back at her just as hard, and seemed almost to dare her to act. “You are not welcome here, witch.”
Was it always this nerve wracking? Twenty-four hours is actually a hell of a lot of time to pass. Luckily I had work.The pub was busy with all the usual locals, and the next morning was going to be spent at the shop. It still felt like I was only half focused. I kept wondering if he’d take me seriously and wear the kilt. I’d likely die. We didn’t have to go out. Alex was going to be at Jody’s until Wednesday.
Next they were in Purgatory and Dean was sleeping for what must have been mere moments. He was leaned up against a tree, and Cas was next to him, awake. Dean watched as his body slid to the side and came to a rest against Cas’ shoulder. Then he slid more and was laying on Cas’ lap. Cas just stroked gentle fingers through his hair, whispering something over him.
“I just want to see something,” Cas said as he leaned back into his space. “Your downloads are still there at least. I imagine that people got the printed paper too. Why’d anyone bother deleting the online pieces?” He seemed to be just talking to himself.
Cas introduced himself as a professor from some west coast college. She accepted it. He said that Dean was his assistant. She was kind, and she even showed them her research. Cas could tell that she wasn’t showing them the calculations that mattered. That would have been foolish. It was her discovery to make.
“I need to go, Dean.”
Dean smiled back at him. “Was hoping that was the plan.”
Cas smiled at them, warm and genuine. “You go. I'm good. See you at the studio.”
Dean looked away. He could feel the heat flooding his cheeks. “That's just performance. It's a persona.”
It seemed so safe in fact that he glanced at Cas in the rearview mirror again, and happened to catch him staring back. Cas looked away quickly as if he had been guilty of some unspeakable crime. Dean just smiled at that.
Castiel pulled out his phone and called Dean. It was barely 6:00 am. Dean would not be awake. The phone went to voicemail just like he’d hoped it would. “Hello, Dean. This is Castiel. I’m not going into the studio today. I think I need a change of scenery. I’m going to work at home out of my studio.” He pulled the phone back from his ear and stared at it like he was considering saying more. Instead, he just hung up.
A whisper found her in the quiet. “You will need to get away from here.” She knew for sure then that no one would save her. She knew that if she was going to be safe, that she’d have to save herself. So she grew a little more. She pulled fabric from everything she could, bed sheets, curtains, clothing… She decided then to climb down the side of the skyscraper. She would get to the ground. She would follow the urgings of the whisper. And the whisper told her to go to a place called Kansas and to a man named Sam Winchester.
Dean eyed his partner, and Castiel stared back. Sam cleared his throat, and Castiel broke their gaze to look at Dean’s brother. “You’ll need to make your own way in. Ash can definitely help you with that - he, ah, knows the different routes more than we do.”
“Sure, pal.”
“Hello, love,” he cooed. “Did you and Dean have fun?”
Though Castiel was tired he decided to spend a few minutes watching the news with Dean, possibly hoping to learn just a little more about the Super he was hosting.
Castiel hummed in agreement and tried to shift a little, entangling their legs but at the sound of a pained humph from Dean did he pull back. “What happened?”
Castiel understood the anger and knew part of it came from shame while the rest came from fear. It had been an uncomfortably close call for Captain Speed, and despite being accustomed to getting into skirmishes, Supers weren’t invincible. To see oneself in such danger, knowing hundreds if not thousands of people were watching and judging Captain Speed on his choices must’ve stung.
“How many cars did you see on the way out here? How many houses?”
The baby still hadn’t ceased treating Dean’s nose like a new toy and as cute as he was, Dean wasn’t particularly enjoying the treatment.
Also, THANK YOU FOR READING. Tap the Kudos button with a quick caress if you enjoyed the fic, and leave a comment if you're up for it!
He exhaled, and closed his eyes. He slowly siphoned the pain away, and scanned the rest of his body, and pulled a dark thread of budding damage from his kidneys, liver, and brain and shunted it into the Force. The aches in his body diminished, and now he was ready to begin another day - night? - of binging his vices.
That was exactly what Dean needed to hear. Cas needed him. He had to go make sure Jack’s dad came back home to him.
Moments like these made every day worth it. Having Jack in his life was a gift.
Master Gabriel slung an arm around Castiel and ushered him to the exit, where Castiel knew a speeder must be waiting for them. He had sent in a message to Winchester’s security team earlier regarding their arrival. “Castiel, companionship is not nonsense. The order does not frown upon fulfilling the needs of the flesh, my dear padawan. Might as well, eh?”
Warning: First part has mentions of schizophrenia and mental institutions.
There, pillowed in smoke, stood the babysitter, Kenna, the officer had said, holding the little girl, Millie, both with towels over their noses and mouths.
“It’s been a while since I’ve…” Castiel trailed off, he wasn’t sure what he was going to say. Since I’ve dated? Hooked up? Cuddled? He figured Dean would understand the silence. “Do you think we could go slow? For a while?”
“It’s okay, go back to sleep,” Castiel whispered. “I’m going to take him to his room.”
Dean understood the irony of being annoyed on a day with no crime that needed Super intervention in order to keep the city free from crime. Dean got how irritating it was to be spoken about by the PD as if Castiel were a weapon to be wielded and not a living breathing human. Dean was unlike anyone Castiel had ever gotten to know before and he was sad that their friendship likely had an expiration date. He’d never known someone to want to maintain a friendship with him for very long, given that Castiel wasn’t one to often reach out first.
“Ooo, burgers, fries, onions, salad,
“One, it’s just been me, and two, I just want to see you happy, Dean,” She said. Charlie pulled her chair closer to Dean, and nudged him with an elbow. “So, tell me all about him, hotshot! Is he cute? Does he understand you, and your thoughts and feelings, and make you feel all twitterpated inside? Have you had sex yet?”
He didn’t care to share any last words with her. Didn’t care to even watch take her last breath. All he cared about was getting to Castiel and making sure he hadn’t lost him for good.
“I think it’s safe to say that you’re probably somewhere on their list.”
“Ah shit, Cas - I should have locked my door, but you should’ve known not to enter other people’s rooms without permission man, you’re not a child,” Dean said with a huff. He looked ready to go up to his room, but seemed to decide against it and instead jammed a donut into his mouth first.
It was true. Though the question burned inside of him, Castiel hadn’t known how to bring it up. “I had no intention to ask,” he stated. His fib must’ve been evident since his words made Dean laugh.
“Whoever is harboring Speed, turn him over to me at once or I will tear your homes down. Brick, by brick.”
to, Dean.”
Trying to make light of the situation Dean joked, “Do you think you could tell little Jack here that it’s rude to stick his fingers up people’s noses?”
“I could, couldn’t I?” Cas replied with amusement and Dean wished he could’ve taken back those words because the next thing he knew he was lifted into the air and deposited on the bed.
Castiel stood in front of the Dean’s old quarters. A small smile played on his lips, as he remembered their shared past. There had been a lack of privacy where Dean had lived due to the number of guards that always surrounded his family, and he had snuck Castiel up to the family ship so they could get some peace and quiet.
It was a fair question, something Castiel’s own family had demanded he had an answer to prior to Jack’s birth, despite it being an irregular occurrence for Castiel to be the one called.
Without even knocking, the front door swung open revealing the last person Dean expected to see. The only thing Dean could process was the fact that his biggest rival was standing before him with a small child on his hip. And since he wasn’t known for making intelligent choices, Dean’s dumb ass decided to ask,
“His real name is
She was probably Dean’s best kept secret being that she and his brother called it quits over a decade ago after a three year engagement. Dean had always thought of her as a sister, even after she and Sam no longer spoke to one another. It might’ve been strange that Dean still kept in contact with her but she’d been one of the people who knew his identity as Captain Speed and with her own minor healing abilities that helped out from time to time, she’d told Dean he could always count on her place being a hide out when he needed one.
He tried not to think about the fact that she could’ve been following him the entire time he tried to make an escape but that was part of her tactic to make him think he was in the clear before she came out of hiding.
And just like that, the news switched directions, talking about new restaurant openings and weekend festivals in the city.
“Okay, let’s play.”
“It’s me, Cas.” Dean reached for Castiel’s shoulder. “It’s me. It’s really me.”
Castiel would never understand why and how Master Gabriel ended up as Castiel’s master. They were opposites- Castiel was no-nonsense and took being a Jedi and his missions seriously, while his master...let us just say that he was known as the Trickster in the Jedi Temple. Master Yoda said they would learn plenty from each other, and “balance each other well, you both do.” There are moments when his Master’s brilliance shined through because Castiel
“Taking a break. Not being responsible for so much. Cooking, cleaning, taking care of a kid… it’s so
“Pick up, pick up, pick up,” he whispered into the phone, willing the person on the other end to answer quickly. He tried to get a handle on his shaking hands but it was no use. The pain in his ankle was radiating up his shin and he could hardly bear weight on it. The only cover he had was the empty construction sight he was hiding in.
what he had to do.
“Dean, people have believed in crazier. Tons of people believe that the earth is
How did he not know that The Seraph was a mind reader too?
It was strange seeing the other man in sweats and an oversized sweatshirt. The only time Dean had even seen the other Super without his mask on had been after the handful of times they were forced to work side-by-side in a fight. The two of them weren’t necessarily on friendly terms, but Dean certainly didn’t hate him. Hell, Dean didn’t even know his name.
, and wanted to salvage it, but not because he didn't want it." Charlie piled her plate with some salad and fries. "And the way he knows and respects your profession? He even knows how to make his own sword! Ah, we could use that for our sessions!" Charlie declared. "Maybe you should bring him along. He already has a costume, so he could be a knight, or hell, maybe our blacksmith or something.”
The silence was intense and Castiel just
He stood up, and made his way back to the hut. He slowed down this time, glancing behind him to make sure that Dean was making his way back okay.
Castiel didn’t answer. He wasn’t sure what he should say. He didn’t want Dean to leave. He hadn’t been around anyone familiar in the last few months, and it was a miracle that Dean had even found him. He’d been alone for months, and there was no one that he could have gone to. Dean's presence soothed a part of his psyche, the part that had lost hope of ever seeing a sunrise after a never-ending night of terrible storms. But being near him was also like straying too close to an open flame, and after so long in the darkness, Castiel felt burned.
But there’s no time for that, and there’s no time to figure out what brought this on. So Dean leans forward to gift Cas with a tiny kiss on his forehead, then drops his hands to give Castiel’s arms an encouraging squeeze.
anything?”
Dean goes still for a tense second, then slowly leans away, green eyes darting over Castiel’s face. “You do know,” he says carefully, “‘getting lucky’ is more than just a kiss, right?”
“May I ask what the hell is going on?” Balthazar finally calls from the kitchen. He’s cooking something; Cas can smell meat, and maybe cheese, as he stands and heads for the entryway. “It’s the first week of classes and you’re taking a last-minute trip to see your poor, neglected boyfriend, is that what I heard?”
“You’re late to the party, Gabe,” he says, stretching his legs out, toes pointed towards the ocean. “I’m not telling this story
(... for a while, at least :P)
“I want to talk about Cas more than the rest of it. Because at the end of the day... “ Dean takes a deep breath before continuing: “It’s not like he has feelings for me. It’s a crush, maybe something deeper than that, but it’s all on my end. And that sucks.”
time-”
“How do you think the story will end, Dean?” he asks, voice quiet enough that between the volume and the unexpected affection, Dean barely understands the words. Meg is watching him closely, but Dean can't read her expression.
“Yeah,” Castiel agrees. Dean raises his eyebrows. “I probably should’ve. But I didn’t.”
He hesitates again, as if debating whether or not to kiss or hug Castiel, but ultimately it seems he’s picked up on the theme for today, and settles for a pat on Castiel’s shoulder, a gentle shove towards their theater. It’s a little surprising, how perceptive Dean is and how he’s chosen not to pry, but Castiel appreciates the behavior too much to dwell on it.
“Oh.” Castiel swallows again. “Your place?”
Dean makes a little noise, annoyed and pouty, but he turns his head and snuffles against Castiel’s neck, scenting him again. Castiel revels in it, and pretends he doesn’t.
Dean and Cas don’t dance to this song, instead staring intently at the stage, where the dancers have pulled out giant white fans that look like wings as they spin. This digs into Dean’s brain too, dragging out those shallowly buried dreams of Cas, naked except for coal-black wings, and Dean inhales sharply.
He doesn’t realize until he’s standing at the door to his hotel room that he forgot to bring a room key. Groaning softly and cursing himself, he knocks and hopes that Dean’s awake and not in the shower.
-----
going on, about whether or not he should attack Cielo, especially with all the refugees coming in. So, the king might appreciate your knowledge of the situation.”
“Say whatever you want to say, Cas,” he says, rubbing at his arm. “If you’re pissed or whatever, just say it. We’ll work it out.”
Dean finally looks up, but it’s to glare in Alastair’s direction, which Castiel takes as a small comfort. Before he or Dean can speak, however, Bela beats them to it.
Dean laughs aloud, and the sound carries in the wind, seems to swirl around Castiel and bind them together all the tighter. “No homo, Cas.” He waves, then turns to head back into the house. Castiel takes a deep breath before running down the stairs and diving back into the car. Chuck laughs at him, even as he puts the car in drive and pulls back out onto the road.
Bela sighs, rolling her eyes. “Well, Mister Drama Queen, clearly he doesn’t. And I never said I liked you in the first place.”
I'm in the process of outlining part 4, and I still really want to write it for NaNo, but I won't be able to give a good idea of a posting date until I get the outline done. Keep an eye on the
“I don’t care, do what you want,” Lucifer says, turning back to his show. Anna leans back into the couch as well, her hands behind her head, and Castiel feels thoroughly dismissed.
“Sorry for what?” God bless him, Cas is so patient. Maybe because he’s an angel, because angels are so perfect. Dean laughs without answering the question, and hears Cas sighing in his ear. “Dean, are you drunk?”
She laughs and shakes her head, taking a deep breath. “I guess I’m angry at myself,” she admits. “I should have stopped him or made him cut back when he started buying the groceries, but then I was able to pay for Sam’s soccer league with the leftover money, and…” She exhales, closing her eyes. “I took the easy road. And now he thinks that’s what he has to do, and it’s going to end up ruining his life.”
As they wait for their meals, Mildred takes Castiel’s arm again and leads him to an empty table near the kitchen, engaging him in a lengthier conversation about school. Castiel decides he likes her; she’s charming and funny and flirty, and he never had the opportunity to get to know his grandparents. Serendipitously, she has a daughter who runs a bookshop in Skokie, just a short drive from Northwestern, and warmly promises to put in a good word for Castiel if he ever wants a job while he’s at school.
Dean rolls his eyes, but he ends up cupping both of Castiel’s hands in his own, rubbing his thumbs over Castiel’s knuckles. Warmth spreads from Castiel’s ears and neck to the tips of his fingers and swoops through his belly as he smiles at the sight.
Dean meets Cas’s eyes, and Cas’s expression softens before he sighs. “Tell him you want out,” Cas says. Dean shakes his head, covering the mouthpiece with his hand.
“It sounds fun, actually.” Cas laughs outright when Dean groans. “Come on, Dean, they’re not terrible. The singer’s pretty good.”
. Sweet and thoughtful and eager to please, and Castiel
“Balthazar looks like me too?”
When Dean cheerfully suggested mating Castiel and keeping his crown, John had stormed off into his private chambers to rage, while Mary followed in an attempt to talk some sense into him.
The next band is a little weird, the drummer in clown make-up and the female singer with flowers in her wild hair. This is a bit more in line with the kind of bullshit Dean was expecting to put up with, but both Cas and Gabe seem intrigued by the peculiar performance, so Dean keeps his commentary to himself.
Castiel realizes how ridiculous this is as soon as the ringing starts. He wants to be with Dean, but he doesn’t. He misses Dean, but he was too proud to call. And yet he is so
Mary’s eyes light up with interest, at the same time John lifts his head to study Castiel. “You’ve lived in a castle before?” Mary asks, overlapped by John’s gruff demand, “What the hell were you doing on your own for so long anyway?”
one of Dean’s friends feels a need to protect him from Castiel.
that he teamed up with
Also, I've had a draft for a new prologue for the first part sitting in my files for over a year, and I've been putting off changing it out because I didn't want to surprise anyone by not giving notice. I'll probably change it sometime within the next couple weeks.
“Do you know of a girl named Anna?”
“The Cas I used to know would have let himself be angry at me. We would’ve fought it out and gotten over it. He’s being far too forgiving of his mother, he used to call her on her shit.”
“Shit, Dean,” and Cas must be upset if he’s resorted to swearing, “what about college? You’re just not even going to try and get into college?”
. Especially not someone like Zeke, because it’s not like Dean’s into dudes or anything, but Zeke is on the varsity team, tall and broad and handsome. And on top of that, as far as Dean can tell, he’s a genuinely good guy. Not to mention his family has a decent amount of money, and Dean knows how the Miltons are about money and status. He can’t compete with that.
Castiel hesitates, then decides that even if Anna isn’t necessarily trustworthy, she won’t purposely sell him out to Michael. “She’s my friend Dean’s mother.”
“I’m not a very good talker,” he mumbles into her hair, “but if you ever need to talk to somebody, I’ll listen.”
It’s a beautiful image. Castiel would be a gorgeous alpha prince, dressed in blues and blacks, and they could rule side by side, like equals. Castiel probably doesn’t know much about running a kingdom, but he is kind and capable and gentle, and would probably be loved by all their people, for his beauty and benevolence. They would have pups: an heir, a spare, and one or two more just because the creation process is so much fun. And Dean wouldn’t care if his first-born was an alpha or an omega, they would be heir regardless and treated just the same.
“Headache,” Dean answers. She nods and leans against the railing.
, Dean hopes that this becomes a regular thing. Cas’s lips are pink and swollen, sliding up and down Dean’s dick, and it looks as fucking incredible as it feels.
“Feel better than I have in weeks,” Dean comments, drawing his legs up and leaning over his knees. The sun is pleasant on his back, and he cautiously hopes that means his heat really is gone.
No one has spoken Lucifer’s name in two days. The only thing that makes Castiel even try to start reading is the desperate need to escape this suffocating silence.
Dean furrows his brow. “What conversation?”
“Castiel, I’m serious.”
Dean backhands Castiel’s shoulder and rolls his eyes. “It’s not like they’re sucking face or anything! Shit, it’s a little hand-holding, don’t be a prude.”
“Every day,” Castiel promises. “And, you can use your new computer to message me on Facebook, and MySpace. And if you download Skype, we can videochat.”
Mary hums again, folding her hands in her lap. “I see. Then I guess I’m just going to have to talk at you.”
On the bright side, at least it means he doesn’t have to go to Portland with Michael anymore.
When he gets upset. The thing that Castiel knows is present but has never entirely understood, the way that Dean questions himself and sometimes ends up silent and curled inward, his hands pressed against his head as he fights his way back to reality. Fighting the monsters in his mind, all alone.
“What?”
“I got caught up
. Dean sobs softly, reaching his hand back and slipping a finger inside his slick hole, not caring that Castiel is still sitting next to him, trying to figure out how he can help Dean without succumbing to his own instincts.
Dean rubs a hand over his face and says, “I don’t deserve him.”
“I think we have some pretty solid proof that I didn’t hallucinate him,” Dean grumbles.
Cas nods slowly, so Dean leads the way back into the front office, away from the screaming wind. His ears are rushing as they step inside, so he takes a moment to press at them, then attempts to fix his hair. Cas follows his lead, but only succeeds at mussing his hair even further. Dean huffs, and has to restrain himself from reaching over to fix it.
“She’s a bitch,” Dean spits, his hand slowly turning into a fist. “She’s crazy and bloodthirsty and all she wants is your dick and your money, you have to know that.”
“I don’t know what to say,” Dean whispers. “She walked out after I fought that guy. What do I tell her?”
Dean flips open the front cover and there it is, in blue ink:
A bark of a laugh escapes from Castiel’s lips before he can stop it, and Dean frowns outright. “No, no, I mean, Balthazar’s blond. And he likes skinny jeans. He’s nothing like you.”
about?” Castiel cuts in. Michael raises his eyebrows, as if he’d forgotten Castiel was still present. “My feelings for Dean aren’t going to just
"I know." Dean rolls his eyes, and Missouri's hand twitches when she frowns. Sometimes Dean thinks she wants to smack the attitude out of him. Sometimes he's very impressed that she hasn't. "I know, I'm the one who hurt him, so he has every right to shut me out. It's just..."
“You should come over,” he says.
“I could take him back, Dean, if it’ll make you feel better.”
Dean catches himself. He closes his eyes and rubs his temples and takes a few deep breaths, clearing his mind and reminding himself that he needs to clean the downstairs bathroom when he gets home. Start with the toilet, then the sink, the mirrors, organize the cabinet, set out matching towels...
Mary finally approaches them, offering Castiel’s phone back to him. “That thing’s like a little computer,” she says. “I wasn’t sure how to hang up.”
“Yeah.” Dean rubs his hands over his face. “Um. Coping mechanism. Sorry.” Cas raises an eyebrow, and Dean laughs gently. “From therapy, y’know? Don’t worry about it.”
“I swear, by Friday!” The boy fidgets, but Azazel fixes his grip, keeping him steady. “Please!”
“You’re dating,” Jo says with a know-it-all nod. “I don’t care what you say. You and Dean are boyfriends, and it’s disgusting.”
Mary points a warning finger at him, then pokes him in the chest. “Smartass,” she repeats, then opens her palm, waiting. Castiel cringes, trying to wait her out, but eventually she raises an expectant eyebrow, and he sighs and gives in, pulling his phone out of his pocket and scrolling through his contacts until he finds his mother’s cell.
Sam fidgets awkwardly for a moment, but when Dean turns to look at him, Sam just waves and hurries out the door. Dean takes a breath and turns back to his phone, holding it up to his ear.
So he closes his eyes and tries to sleep. But his dreams are plagued with sand and saltwater and summer green eyes.
“No, that’s not… not entirely, just…”
“Oh. It’s Dean.”
Dean pulls into a parking spot at the resort, but leaves the car idling. He fidgets in his seat, tapping his fingers against the steering wheel, and Castiel continues to sit still and stare out the window. Let him be anxious.
“Don’t make me defend Dean,” she says, brandishing a finger in his direction. “When the girls told me what he did with that other boy, I defended your actions. You have every right to be angry at him for that, and I was mad at them for being so blinded by poor ickle Dean that they couldn’t see your point of view. But!” She presses her fingernail into his chest, and he takes a step backwards at the pressure. “Protecting yourself only goes so far before it becomes cruelty, and what you did to that boy the other night was
Now it’s Castiel’s turn to be surprised: Dean is leading him towards the abandoned building next to the garage, the one Dean painted after that awful summer a couple years ago. The one that has electric blue eyes weeping a thunderstorm around a lost little rowboat that represents Dean.
Dean swallows, rubbing his chin. “I know,” he says softly, when he realizes that Castiel is waiting for a response. “And I said I’m sorry-”
“I’m not going to knot you,” Castiel says when the omega leans back on his hands and pushes his chest forward. “You can stop trying.”
Not that having a girlfriend stopped Dean from having weird fantasies, but Dean really doesn’t want to worry about that yet. He’s got too much on his plate as it is.
Castiel shares a brief, exasperated look with his little sister before she turns back to the television, and he attempts to return to his book.
Castiel glances down at his outfit again and shrugs, trying to appear far more casual than he feels. “Gonna go pick up lonely truck drivers on the interstate, obviously.”
And again, she’s right. Dean is friends with Charlie and Jo and Pam, and none of them have ever expressed a desire to date him. Sure, Pam flirts with him a lot, but she flirts with everyone a lot. Dean leans back in his chair and groans, running a hand over his face. “I’m too drunk for this shit.”
Dean blinks, then laughs softly. “‘Cause they were assholes about you. I harassed them into it as a way of making up for that.”
Castiel bows his head and sweeps his arms out to the side. “It’s under control. Please don’t be afraid.” She’s smart to still keep her distance, even as her body relaxes, and Castiel doesn’t hold it against her. “Who else is here?” he asks, keeping his voice soft.
and you’ve got blood on your hands and…” She rubs both hands over her face, then shakes her head. “I can’t do this, Dean. I wanna go home. This isn’t me and I don’t want this to be you.”
She shrugs, now disinterested. “Don’t worry about it. I’ll come get you.” And then she’s the one turning her back on Castiel to chat with her friends, leaving him feeling confused, nervous, and a little dirty.
So, Castiel spends the next day and a half laying on the couch in his hotel room, staring at the ceiling, clutching his Blackberry to his chest. Anna pushes him aside at one point, and he recognizes Michael’s voice in the background once or twice, but generally everyone gives him a wide berth.
A fresh wave of slick trickles out of Dean and he whimpers helplessly. Impala nickers softly, picking up on his stress, but she dances on her hooves, unsure of where to go. Dean’s done for now. His instincts are howling for a knot, for touch and affection, and that alpha smell has set everything ringing like church bells in his head. His saner mind is well aware that this is a bad idea, that strange alphas can be dangerous, and this one may not be willing to cuddle and nurse him the way he needs, may only be interested in sticking his knot somewhere warm a few times. But his instincts don’t give a flying shit.
Damn it all.
Winchester Castle is housed in a fortress, protected by a stone wall at least three times as tall as Castiel. It doesn’t do much to protect the towering castle, but once they’re safely inside the gate, Castiel sees lines and lines of wooden barracks all along the inner walls. “Is your army large?” Castiel asks, alarmed.
Dean chuckles, his skin vibrating against Castiel’s lips. “You sound surprised.”
But Cas is tied up in a heated, whispered conversation with Bela. She notices Dean’s attention, and quickly shakes her head at whatever Cas is saying before standing up, brushing dust off the back of her skirt. “You kids are playing a little too clean for my tastes,” she purrs as she leaves the circle to head back upstairs, boots clicking on the concrete staircase. Cas bites his lip as he watches her go, and Dean feels something hot and painful in his chest at the concern in Cas’s eyes.
, the last few moments of waiting are worse.
“No,” Anna says sharply. “Cas is somewhere else, so you can go away now.”
Dean scowls. He’s completely serious about this, all he wants is to fix things, and Meg’s mocking him for it. “I’m gonna go out on a limb and say you know what happened last summer.” Between them, Pam tenses, but Dean continues on: “I have never regretted anything more than how I treated Cas, and I just want to tell him that. I want to apologize, and I want him to be mad at me. I want us to go back to how we were, and I want him to be
Dean rubs his hands over his face and grabs a fresh t-shirt out of his closet. He doesn’t have time for this. He has to get to the resort and see Cas and see that he’s okay and find out what’s bothering him.
When he lifts his head, neither of them are swiveling anymore. Jess nods minutely, a response to Castiel’s question, but Sam is staring at Castiel with narrow eyes, his brow furrowed.
“Seriously. Obsessed. You have nothing to be jealous about. I mean, look at me and look at you-”
The room is white again, but when Dean is coherent enough, he notices the way the blankets and the canopy and the curtains shift to different shades of red as they move. Scarlet, carmine, ruby, vermillion. Dean just laughs and pulls Cas’s mouth back against his own, drinking in his kisses like a fountain, like crystal water, and they’re both lust drunk, skin flushed pink and pretty.
Naomi makes an indignant noise, her hands clenching at her sides, though she’s still the put-together image of power: her fists line up perfectly with her pleats, and though her blue eyes are blazing, that’s the only indication of how genuinely angry she is. She directs her glare at Michael, a silent command, then turns on her heel to go back into the house. Michael is frowning in Castiel’s direction, though Castiel is surprised to realize he doesn’t care.
“Don’t be a homebody,” Castiel teases. “Don’t you want to see Charlie and Jo and-”
So they wait at Dean’s house, settled on the couch by the bay window, Castiel’s arms around Dean’s waist, Dean’s arm around Castiel’s shoulders, and their feet propped up on the coffee table. When Sam notices them on his way out the door, he decides to wait too, and his company is welcome. He doesn’t comment on their sudden closeness, and keeps the conversation light, joking with his brother about movies and TV shows that Castiel hasn’t seen. Their voices are soothing anyway, and Castiel is almost dozing when Dean suddenly jumps and shifts to reach into his back pocket, pulling out his phone.
“That’s right, Dean,” Meg cuts in, her laugh piercing Dean’s ears even as he focuses on the ocean, the horizon, anything expansive enough to get lost in. “It’s all about being alone in dark places, though I can’t say many movies actually got watched.”
Michael rolls his eyes and gives the door a final hard push, which sends Castiel back to the floor as the door swings open, revealing Dean by the window, wide-eyed and pale.
Nevertheless, when Dean gets home that night, he Googles the name ‘Andrew Wyeth,’ and suddenly the joke becomes clear. Two-hundred and four paintings of the same blonde girl does make Dean feel a little better… until he starts wondering if he’ll eventually beat that number.
“What are you doing up?”
Castiel shoves another handful of cereal in his mouth and thoughtfully swipes his thumb over the screen. Maybe Meg and Anna are right. He knows he’s afraid of how badly Dean could hurt him, but maybe keeping his distance isn’t the right way to handle it. Especially when he knows they’ll just end up back together anyway.
“And we need to leave soon, if we want to be on time,” Benny calls out, still astride his horse and clearly amused by the scene playing out in front of him. Castiel doesn’t take his eyes off of Dean.
“You really gotta go so soon?” he says quietly. “It’s not even August.”
Cas cocks an eyebrow at him. “She’ll fit right in at the concert, I’m sure.”
“So what the hell happened?” Dean demands.
“We can stop anytime you want, Cas,” he says, squeezing Cas’s hands. “I can go. This doesn’t have to change anything.”
“I don’t hate you,” Cas whispers fiercely. While Dean was busy talking, Cas had moved his hand to grip Dean’s wrist in return, his other hand reaching up to clutch at Dean’s shoulder. “Don’t you ever think that.”
, Aloe Blacc
And now, his mother is gone. Even she left, in the end.
“I don’t find that to be particularly nerdy,” Castiel comments with a frown. Charlie just shrugs.
to jerk off. Not with that scene still so fresh in his head. But there’s no way he’s going back to sleep until he takes care of this.
"Dean, it's admirable that you want to take all of this responsibility on your own shoulders. I mean that. You're just..." Cas trails off for a moment, biting his lower lip, then closes his eyes. His voice is softer when he continues: "You're the best person I know. You're an inspiration. But at the same time, you deserve so much more. Don't," Cas takes a short breath, tilting his head. "Don't you
An alarm trips in Castiel’s head, but he can’t quite figure out why he’s suddenly so concerned. Maybe it’s the look on Dean’s face, the wide eyes and struggling words, or Dean’s tight grip on Castiel’s face. Something is wrong, and Castiel gingerly wraps his fingers around Dean’s wrist and guides his hand away from his mouth. They sit in silence for a moment, breathing in the heady air.
“You could call her from the stairwell,” Dean grumbles, getting to his feet. Castiel does the same, shoving his hands in his pockets and hunching his shoulders up around his ears. The wind is almost unbearable without Dean as a shield, and now that they’ve separated, Castiel can feel himself shaking, and he can see a fine tremble in Dean’s hands as well.
After about fifteen minutes, Dean gets a whiff of wet earth and running water, and his heart starts to pound with excitement. Okay,
Finally, Blitzkrieg Bop ends, and the singer glares at them before rolling her eyes and saying something to the bass player. He protests, but she turns her glare on him until he goes to the abandoned keyboard and starts to play a familiar set of chords. The singer turns back to her microphone and says, “This is to shut up the little S.O.B.s in the corner,” which only serves to make Jo, Dean, and Charlie scream in delight, pushing back from the barrier to create their own dance pit.
And he hangs up.
The silence that follows is awkward, and Dean’s not sure if it’s because it’s taken so long for him to get back out here, or because they’re not alone. Castiel shifts forward, then back, before turning to study Charlie and Benny again.
And paints.
“Maybe!” Charlie giggles. “Do you want some recommendations? I know of a few really cute ones.”
There’s fingers in his hair, and whoever it is pulls too tight, drawing his head back and making him cry out, but then Dean is there, tugging him free and snarling, “Don’t you lay a fucking finger on him.”
“Really?” Bela’s tone is pandering, as if she doesn’t believe him.
“Nope. And this is at night, right? Yeah, my dad is warming up to Dean, but he’s not
“Oh yeah.”
Castiel hesitates, his voice catching in his throat. And suddenly, words are slipping out, and tears, all out of his own control. He rants and he sobs and he curses and Dean just listens. And when the words stop and Castiel’s throat and eyes are dry and painful, he worries that this was too much, that Dean hung up on him, because what an embarrassment he is, dropping all of this on his friend’s shoulders. “Dean?” He says hoarsely. “Are you still there?”
Dean isn’t so drunk that he doesn’t recognize it’s the first time she’s said that to him. He is drunk enough that the immediate rush of conflicting emotions gets washed over and blown away, allowing him to laugh once more and respond, “You too, babe,” before hanging up.
That’s what spurs him back out to his truck and onto open highway. There’s a rift now, opened by that one secret, and filled with distrust, and wondering what there is that Cas could be hiding from Dean.
Charlie considers it, then nods slowly. “Good point.” She sways her head from side to side, then purses her lips. “I told Cas last week. Do you think he’d do it?”
“Too late.”
“Don’t talk like that,” Castiel hisses.
“I was having car troubles and heard from a co-worker that Singer’s was the best place to go. Was actually hoping to see you there, but you weren’t working, so I went to get some tea while I wait.” She adds with a soft smile, “I suppose this is just fate.”
Castiel sighs and gestures for her to go on, but her glare only intensifies at his well-practiced nonchalance.
Footsteps crunch the gravel in front of the office, and Dean turns to see Cas approaching him, hair a mess and cheeks pink from the abusive wind. He’s smiling though, so Dean smiles back. It’s hesitant; Dean hasn’t really seen Cas since he had that weird dream, and if Dean hadn’t gotten so drunk and sought help and comfort from Cas, he’s not sure they’d be speaking yet.
Michael is giving them that million-watt smile he’s been wearing all day. Gabriel has his arms crossed over his chest and looks unimpressed, but Castiel can tell that it’s just being put on for show. “You guys actually helped him out?”
Cas’s face lights up as soon as he sees Dean outside the door, and when he pulls Dean in for a hug, Dean can’t help returning it. He grips Cas’s shirt, keeping him close, and although he manages to resist the urge to actually smell Cas, it’s impossible to miss that lingering scent of peppermint.
, and
Dean turns to blink at Cas before a bark of laughter escapes him. “Is that your way of saying I’m sexy?” he asks, but Castiel just casually shrugs his shoulders.
For the first time in a long while, he awakens feeling refreshed and energetic. Dean is still wrapped tight around his torso, snoring softly, and it’s deliciously tempting to hunker down under the warm blankets until Dean wakes up. But Castiel’s skin is buzzing, and he can already tell that if he stays in bed, he’ll spend the time tossing and turning. He’s too hyped up, and when the idea of going for a quick run pops into his head, he can’t push it away. He hasn’t run for the last several days, and that plus being stuck in a car for most of that time has him suddenly eager to stretch his legs. He doesn’t know this town, but the hotel is huge, so he’s pretty sure that as long as he keeps it to a short circle, he’ll be able to find his way back. Worst case scenario, he’ll just have to ask someone for directions.
Castiel starts to say something, but Dean’s not done yet. “Dad has always felt bad about it, he apologizes whenever I see him, and it’s not like he meant to do it, he wasn’t in his right mind…” Dean pauses and bites his lower lip for a moment. “But still. Just because your brother hasn’t hurt you yet doesn’t mean he never will.”
I let his shirt go. “Kilts are cool.” Not my best effort at speaking. The words came out in a slightly higher octave than I’d intended.
“Guess things finally just caught up with me is all. I might cut out early. You think anyone will notice?”
Cas smiled and left his body.
Dean blanched. "Mostly." Cas' brows came together. Dean swallowed and explained, "No one likes being a ditchable prom date. If you sleep with someone and it meant something, you stay 'til they wake up in the morning." Dean swallowed again and stared straight ahead at nothing. "I stayed, waited for Gwen to wake up before I left."
“I, oh God.” She got up and moved back from him. Cas got up and sent out a calming wave of grace toward her.
“He is.” Dean grinned at Sam as he stooped to help the little girl. Her hair was hanging in her face, a mop of chestnut brown waves. Then a woman showed up at their side.
He had decided that being a confirmed bachelor was fine. He'd also decided that he didn't need the complications of a partner and family. He had the band, and that was enough.
Dean did what he could to wind down. He lay in his bed, most of the lights off, shades drawn. His laptop was perched on his knees. He'd already watched porn, sent emails, watched more porn, and read the news. His brain was going too fast through thoughts both past and present.
Dean carried him into the house. He was lighter than he should have been. Dean almost slumped back down to the ground with the weight of the moment. Cas, everything, this body that wasn’t him. And yet it was. Dean jostled him closer to his chest to make the carrying easier. His arms curled around the underside of Cas’ thighs, fingers gripping the fabric of his pants. Dean sucked in a deep breath and held it. He couldn’t look down at what he held, couldn’t think about it while looking.
Dean wanted to start kissing him now, pressing into his spaces. Something held him back. “Our last song is scheduled for 9.”
The rest was easy. He was a master promoter. He let them try to keep the college thing going, but that eventually ended as the money and fame took over their lives. “Castiel, are you happy?” Anna had asked him at the end of their first tour.
Dean laughed, “You’re dumb.” He made his way back to the big bed at the center of the room and threw himself down right in the middle. “Come here.”
“You gonna call him?”
Dean leaned into the door jam and watched. “Good job, Ellie. See if you can roll over,” Cas encouraged. It was cute. Dean found himself grinning far too widely. “Okay, Samuel, don’t let Ellie beat you. You can roll over too.”
“I learn from the best.” Dean had to laugh at him for that.
“You were selected. You signed the contract. Welcome to your band.” Crowley threw his arms out at his sides.
“Explain.”
“I need to heal you. Your rib is broken.”
Alicia set a hand on Gabriel's chest. “Perhaps we just start with physical healings.”
“I’ve no intention of coming back. I can also spread the rumor that you’ve met with an untimely death.”
Dean had a gun in his pants pocket. Cas let his angel blade manifest. “What is it?”
“Who’s it from,” Sam asked.
“We really don't. I'm gonna get Bobby to work it out. I'll pay the fine or whatever.”
“You sure they’re okay?” Dean asked again.
“I recommend that you change your strategy,” Rowena smirked.
“You know what I mean, Cas.” Dean did look up then. Something about him seemed a little wrecked. Castiel felt a sudden wash of guilt run over him. He’d been sending mixed signals all along.
The boys raised their hands in a synchronized motion. All at once, both seemed to shoot out a wave of golden energy. Dean had seen this before from Jack. “More nephilim,” Dean whispered. The energy hit E’brem and a moment later he was gone.
“I...there must be a mistake. He…” Dean didn’t know what to say. He didn’t know how deep this joke was running. Castiel couldn’t want this.
“Or jealous,” Joan offered.
The boys hugged her. She looked over their heads to the others in the room. Her eyes held fire and death and so many assorted horrors. Sam chose to speak. “This was the first time they were able to get through to you. I believe they’ve been trying for a long time now.”
“And look at us now. I've got a belly full of beer and steak and good looking company. Winning!” Castiel threw him a wink now too.
He got to the top of the stairs and headed down the narrow hall to the room where Cas slept. He gave the door a little knock as if Cas were awake to hear it. He pushed the door open and made his way to the bed. Cas looked peaceful. His mouth was a thin line, lips slightly parted to let in air.
“And have us miss out on the gift shop?” Dean scowled.
Cas raised his hand up and settled it on Dean’s shoulder as they walked. Dean’s pace altered a little, almost like he’d stumbled when Cas put his hand on him. “The world owes you a great debt. You are a real hero, Dean Winchester.”
Dean pulled one of the key cards out and said, “See you guys up there later.” Then turning back to the girl said, “It’s perfect. I just didn’t want to assume.” Sam and Ruby were already halfway to the elevator when Michael broke away and joined them. The fans in the lobby were carrying on. Security seemed to be good though. They only got to follow them to the elevator lobby, then they were held back.
“Always thought he’d make a good father. Too bad he never got that opportunity.”
“In my defense, I haven’t been here that long.” Claire drummed the table with her fingers. “Sam and I were wondering about some things while you both were on vacation though.” She winked and continued, “Can any angel make a baby?”
“You really want to do this?” Dean needed a
“I don’t know, just different. Like would you ever want to settle down somewhere or go back to heaven? You know change the way things are.”
Anna laughed at him. She turned to Cas and said, “Come with us. Hog the cheesecake with the gluttons.”
Cas laughed a little. “Of course they’ll be okay. Sam kills monsters, and Jack is a nephilim. What can two babies do to either of them?”
Cas opened his eyes. He gave Dean a small wave and took a step back. He swiftly turned away from Dean and moved into the crowds that were making their way to their seats. Dean didn't cry. He couldn't. One tear would unleash the rest and he just couldn't let himself fall apart like that.
“We weren't gonna stay, but I convinced the band that it'd be nice to have a real bed under us before hitting the road.”
Castiel wondered if they could have waited just a little longer though. Luc was talented, but maybe they could have found someone less pretentious.
“So, perhaps the children can heal him, or they can be part of that process.” Charlie's words almost sounded like a question.
“Who do we know in Virginia?” Dean asked with a bit of derision in his tone.
Now that Cas had said it, it seemed like it was going to be an ongoing mantra. Then Dean realized that the words were just in his head. “You heard me?”
“Yes. He won’t admit it. He doesn’t want to leave here. His time with the other nephilim has been a source of joy for him, but if he doesn’t finish the healing, he’ll never feel anything but this constant ache, this sense of not being whole.”
“He’s worried about Jack.” Sam nodded toward Jack, who didn’t look up with the mentioning of his name. Dean assumed that with the loss of power, Jack had lost some of his extra angel level hearing.
“Guess so.”
“Thanks Claire,” Sam smiled back. “Pretty sure it’s not gonna be peaceful around here for some time.”
Dean felt lucky as he bled out in the woods. He remembered enough, to do this, to save them, if that's what one would call this.
“One of yours. Mine are all really Sam’s anyway.”
They didn’t talk on the way home, didn’t need to. It was warm and pleasant between them. It was as if they each knew what the other was thinking, and they were on the exact same page. Eventually, Dean made the turn onto their road. He was going to pull right on into the garage, maybe call Sam out to help them haul in the baby supplies. Before reaching the bunker, he came to a sudden halt. In the road, just ahead, was a little girl, with long waves of red hair. By the height of her, she was maybe three years old. She was standing stock still in the middle of the road. Dean got out and walked to her. Cas came to his side and held a hand out to arrest Dean’s progress. “Wait.”
“He is,” she agreed, eyes going all doey. “Are he and Ruby?” She started but didn’t finish.
The body that had been there before had been wrapped with gentleness and love. It had been laid on the wood to burn beside another. The smoke had curled up into the sky mixed with the sorrow of those who had set the bodies to burning. And now the embers came together to form a man no longer bound at his feet. He emitted light though, golden and red and bright. He was fire and ash. He moved. He pressed his palms flat against the ashy ground and and rose up.
Castiel had nowhere to put his one arm except on Dean. So he settled it over Dean’s chest. It felt way too intimate. “I feel like I’m missing back story on this relationship,” Castiel said, directing their attention back to the film.
Dean turned back to Castiel and was directed into the back room. Castiel pulled the door to the space closed. This was an impressive bus. The room he was standing in was part bedroom, part dressing space. There were clothes on the bed and a cabinet on the left wall that ran floor to ceiling. “They're in the cabinets.” Castiel pushed a button that opened them up.
Because of that, Dean and Cas could only really poke around at night. Even then, it was a risk. Dean wondered if it even really mattered whether or not they took care of this particular spirit. It hadn’t killed anyone. It had just been a nuisance. How this case even landed on Sam’s radar was a bit of a mystery. Dean didn’t want to give up just yet though. It would feel like a waste to just wander the cemetery and then go home.
All Dean could do was to wrap up a burger and some onion rings, and hope that they survive the night ‘til Castiel’s lunch.
“Hi,” Dean whispered, unsure of how else to announce his waking.
“Well yeah…”
from the speakers.
Dean went to Castiel, and put his palm on Castiel’s arm.
. “Who are you?”
“Captain Speed is in my living room,” he explained quickly, trying to keep his voice at a whisper. He could almost feel his brother tense up from the other side of the phone.
“Because I want the same thing you do,” she said matter-of-factly.
This was why he did what he did to keep his son safe. Nothing would ever be too much.
“It’s already a risk having you here, but it’s been hours, and it seems no one has followed you. I’m willing to let you stay here until you’re healed and then you can leave here unseen, but until then I can’t have more people knowing where I live. I just—please understand.”
“She thinks Abaddon’s tracking me?”
“Dada, peas.”
“Did she follow you?” He heard Jody ask.
It was with his son’s face in his mind that Castiel used the last of his consciousness and looked to the side of the road. He saw a metal pole that had been dislodged in the destruction.
” She growled, emphasizing every single word. Dean knew she was likely already trying to ping his phone’s exact location while they spoke.
Using the furniture to lean against and a dining room chair as a crutch (which Jack seemed to think was a toy to be pushed around despite Dean needing it to stay upright), Dean managed to pull together some lunch meat, cheese sticks, and crackers for them to munch on. The two of them sat at the coffee table since Dean didn’t trust himself to put Jack in his high chair, but Jack seemed to love the unusual experience Dean’s babysitting entailed.
as his confirmation to what happened to the Leviathan.
He gasped awake when he felt the solid weight on his chest lift, fearing he had dropped the baby, but he was instantly put at ease when Castiel whispered to him.
” Castiel countered then corrected, “this is our home. We need to get him out of here and I’m not as fast as you. I need him as far away from her as possible. I need to know he is somewhere she can never get to him. Take him. Please. Keep him safe.”
Dean liked to point out that he was
“No.” Castiel said. He started muttering something under his breath. Dean stood up, and caught Castiel's wrists before he dug into another shelf. “Cas, what-?”
At this point, Castiel recognized that they weren’t talking about him anymore, and felt guilty at intruding on something so vulnerable from the two brothers. He tiptoed upstairs, forgetting about his plans to grab a book, and instead lay on his bed, thinking.
“Look, you like him enough, Dean, why don’t you give it a shot? I’m not talking about marrying the guy
“That was one time, only one time and you know it, Cassie. I did not know she was married!” Gabriel laughed, and pat his padawan on the shoulder roughly. Castiel scowled at his master’s arm.
Running his fingers through the soft curls around Jack’s temple, Castiel realized he had to figure out what to do.
Jack was clingier to his dad than he was the previous night, wanting to be held more than he wanted to play but Cas didn’t seem to mind, holding his son while he read and as he moved about the kitchen heating up leftovers for them all.
Dean shifted uncomfortably in his crisp dress uniform, missing his leather jacket and loose tunics already. "I look ridiculous."
There was no time for Dean to think too deeply into that realization because he’d already arrived at his destination.
The man stared at Dean. Dean stared back.
“Tuck?”
“Yes, very.”
He had to keep the other Super safe and pray that it wouldn’t come down to any life threatening situation. He’d provide a place for Dean to stay and rest and then they’d likely never speak to one another again and return to seeing one another every so often when they needed to unite against a common foe.
Castiel Nov-Vak had been on plenty of missions. A number of these involve guarding diplomats and their families from assassination attempts, or investigating brutally committed force-based crimes. It was hardly new, and this usually gave him and his master time to study the Force further and do some training exercises, aside from actively investigating the mission and gaining experience. It was never easy, but it was something that he knew how to do and how to get through, and this next one should be as rich and rewarding in terms of learning and experience like all his missions have been.
“Yeah," Dean said, and took a bite out of his burger quickly, unsure what else to say. "It felt comfortable, natural, and I'm confused as to how it could feel so easy, when there is
Castiel shook his head. “Luck. The Force. An energy shield that malfunctioned and turned itself on. I was hit, point blank, but the shot dissipated on the shield.” Cas pulled up a sleeve, and showed Dean a starburst like burn on his upper arm. “The energy shield then exploded, and I fell. He must have thought I died, because soon after they have dispatched the droids, they moved out.”
“On it,” he said. He quickly reached for the hem of his shirt as he saw Cas do the same. They were bare from the waist up, already breathing hard.  “What happened to taking it slow?” Dean said playfully as Cas eyed his chest.
It was interesting to Dean how Castiel’s family line seemed to have a specific type of power. Dean hadn’t known his mother’s parents and she rarely talked about them so he was left to wonder if his family lineage was tied to something. His mother could manipulate time, he could run faster than anyone in the world. He was curious. He didn’t know many other Supers to ask about their lineage and most Supers kept their family under wraps anyway.
Castiel liked to think he was a good judge of character and his impression of Dean so far had been that the other man wasn’t looking to bring harm to either Castiel or his son, but he couldn’t help that a part of him felt like this was a questionable choice at best. Abaddon’s reputation proceeded her and it was idiotic for anyone to willingly put themself in her path of destruction. Even so, a bigger part of Castiel believed Dean would be well hidden here, at least until he healed, not to mention the fact that Castiel had already offered his protection. He couldn’t very well take it back after he’d practically begged Dean not to have anyone come get him.
“Yeah! Can I play with the black car?”
Dean looked at Jack and his little innocent eyes and couldn’t imagine that that sweet baby, who Dean had seen happily playing with trucks for the past day or so, getting into trouble.
“Dada? Nigh-nigh?” Jack started to cry, attempting to crawl towards the hallway. Dean’s heart broke for the little guy. He couldn’t fathom how scary it would be for a baby to be with a stranger, tired, and wanting their dad and the comfort of their own bed.
“Cas, meet Sam, my younger brother,” Dean said.
“Wh–” Castiel’s words were cut off as Dean moved them from the entryway all the way to their bedroom in less than a second. The shocked look on Cas’s face was well worth it. “Did we? How did? What just happened?”
“Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit.”
“All of it?”
Jody sighed on the other end of the line, “Look, tell him I’m sorry but there were no other options.”
“Well, I’m nowhere near done eating, plus we have dessert. We have all the time in the world..”
Dean looked up, blinking at Charlie. Charlie waved a fry at him. “You have that deer-in-the-headlights look about you. You haven’t been listening to me,” pouted his friend. Dean gave her a small, sheepish smile, and Charlie continued. “Say it. What is it? Or…” She leaned in conspiratorially. “Who is it?”
“Which side?”
The coffee stopped making its obnoxious noises at that moment. Carefully, Castiel poured their drinks and added a splash of creamer to Dean’s and an embarrassing amount of sugar to his own. He’d never much cared for the taste of coffee but he preferred the effects of it to other caffeinated beverages.
“Let me help,” he blurted out as Castiel pulled some fresh fruit out of the refrigerator. The other Super looked at him through squinted eyes.
At least now, he could pay Dean back, even if it was only by working chores and providing some grocery money. He had asked Dean if he should also pay him rent, but Dean hadn’t told him anything else beyond “I’ll think about it.”
“How did I–?”
Dean raised his hands in defeat. He knew Charlie wouldn’t let go of this information, and he might as well just give in. He needs some advice, anyway, and she always pulls through. “His name is Castiel, and he is my new roommate.”
“You want me to read a story?”
“You’ve… had it in your hand the whole time? Christ, Cas, how- it, um.” Dean licked his lips nervously and paused, collecting his thoughts. “It’s a thing that people use for sex, Cas. It goes up your-”
“Where am I?” He finally questioned. He decided not to knock on the door despite the fact that there was a warm welcoming glow coming from behind the window curtains.
There was a loud shriek coming from the other room, and a high pitched happy sounding noise. "I think KAZ found Castiel," Charlie remarked.
“You’re hurt.”
“You have 4 cars? Just to make sure no one follows you?”
Dean just defended him against his brother. Sure, Dean actually still thought that he was delusional, but Dean believed that Castiel meant him no harm. He trusted that Castiel would contribute to the house, that he wouldn’t just rely on Dean and be his burden.
“Oh, sure,” Castiel said. He went back into the kitchen to grab the donut he was eating, and then left immediately. He was debating whether he should grab a book from the bookshelf or just go up to his room, when he heard his name from the kitchen.
Captain Singer smiled. It did not look particularly mirthful. Castiel had been around Jedi Masters who are very powerful and towered taller than an average human, sometimes with fangs or horns or mandibles. And yet this man’s smile and demeanor can rival some of them. There was something about him that did not seem like he would be easily impressed.
“It’s bad enough you now know where I live. I don’t need more people showing up here, especially with Abaddon trying to find you.”
“Hi dada! Hi!” his baby said, clapping his hands with delight. Castiel felt his cheeks pull tight, his smile was so wide. He hoped son would never stop being so excited to see him.
His heart pounded in his ears as he ran down the hall and barreled down the stairs, chastising himself the entire way.
Dean was getting irritated more and more by the second, and was just barely hanging on to his diplomatic skills. He could not tell whether this lady was just wasting his time, and he needed to get back to his team with his information. “And you’re here to, what, rub it in my face that Abaddon’s now the head of the pack and out to set my planet on fire?”
Jack started to get fussy at that time, distracting Dean enough to ignore the proceedings on the TV. He was thankful that Castiel already had a changing mat and some diapers downstairs because Dean wasn’t certain he would have been able to make it upstairs while holding Jack. It had already been a pain in the ass trying to get up them the day before.
“If I didn’t know any better I’d say you don’t actually want him to leave.”
The bond between father and son was strong and it stirred something inside of Dean. He hadn’t exactly written off the idea of having a family of his own someday but he knew it wouldn’t be easy. Finding a partner who would be comfortable with him being a Super and frequently in danger wasn’t easily done. But seeing Castiel, The Seraph, with a child and seeing how happy they were made the possibility of a future family seem more likely.
Charlie wasted no time telling Dean where to go. He was only a few miles away, it would take less than a minute to get there. He had to ignore Castiel’s ramblings about how Dean shouldn’t be going into this fight, that he should be keeping Jack safe. All Dean could say over and over again to reassure his boyfriend was that Jack was safe. He
Castiel chuckled, and put his arm on top of his face. “So they all tell me.”
“You should stay.” He tried to be brave enough to look Dean in the eyes but all he could manage was a timid glance in Dean’s direction.
Jack was back in the playpen in the kitchen with a few blocks and trucks. Dean wasn’t sure if the tiny baby prison was necessary but he wasn’t exactly going to question Castiel’s parenting. He sure as hell knew nothing about babies seeing as the last time Dean even held was one when some random stranger shoved one in his arms during an interview with a reporter. No one in his life had kids. He liked them and all, he just didn’t know what to do with them.
he said his name was.
They all surrounded him and Jack. Every time Castiel caught Dean smiling at Jack, Dean’s thoughts radiated love and protection and each time he looked at Cas, those thoughts were all comfort, happiness, and
“Then they’ll just have to fall on their knees.” Abaddon said with finality, and caressed Dean’s jaw with a finger. “Just like how you’d look pretty on your knees.”
Castiel may have been jealous of the obvious bond forming between his son and their temporary roommate if it hadn’t been for Jack’s consistent happiness in seeing Castiel walk through the door each day, or the way he always wanted to snuggle with Castiel on the couch after play time. At least he wasn’t completely losing his son to the charismatic Super who could cook incredible meals and seemed to have a childish enthusiasm for playing toy cars with Jack.
“No.” Castiel said, raised his hand, and yanked the kid back into the room using the Force before he could take another step. “Where are the students who stayed here? Krischa and Klare?” He waved another hand which closed the door.
“...actually miss taking care of someone just like our dad? Come on Dean, I thought you were smarter than this!”
“He needs to go.”
She rolled her eyes at him. “Of course not, I’m not daft. However, one might think that you and yours would be more inclined to work with someone whom you could at least talk to and maybe reach an accord with, rather than being forced to, say, watch someone else massacre your entire planet just so they could dance on its ashes and proclaim it a world for the Empire.”
“Please Dee? Is my birthday!”
“Dada?”
The door slid open, and Dean heard a sharp whistle from beyond. Charlie walked in, accompanied by a cylindrical looking droid with a transparent dome on top. It was black with chrome trim, and it shone like it just had an oil bath. Two narrow legs extended to its sides, and it whistled and shook excitedly upon seeing Dean.
“Of course not. Just family,” Castiel explained over the rim of his mug. Dean wasn’t certain he fully believed him.
“He’s still healing,” Castiel replied in a harsh whisper, unplugging his phone and walking towards the back of the house where he hoped Dean couldn’t overhear.
He remembered when he first saw how the vacuum worked. The loud noise had startled him, until he realized the genius and worth of being able to simply suck in all of the dirt instead of using an old-fashioned broom and batting the dust around.
Dean’s body was still pretty exhausted so he allowed himself to sit back and doze in and out, waking up to grab some of the toys Jack would offer him before the baby would crawl back over to play with his father. So far Dean had accumulated a firetruck, a red triangle block, a piece of a wooden puzzle in the shape of a cow, and a black car. He wasn’t entirely certain what Jack wanted him to have them for but he sure as hell wasn’t going to deny the little gifts.
“I needed to pee but you were taking too damn long to come down so I decided to try and find the bathroom myself,” Dean spit back without too much heat. Castiel could tell the other man seemed embarrassed to be caught sprawled out on the floor.
Castiel was the only one of his siblings (two older brothers and an older sister) who possessed a Super ability. His powers had manifested at a young age and he hadn’t always been certain he wanted to use them, despite knowing his level of power was rare. Being the youngest in his family meant he hadn’t seen his powers as a gift, instead as a reason that made him an outsider and too different from his brothers and sister. It had been Gabriel who’d encouraged Castiel to not hide away. Despite growing up with a healthy fear for their parents’ safety, knowing it wasn’t always certain that they would come back home, Gabriel knew Castiel could make a difference in the world.
“Maybe, if you want that.” Dean was focused on the road, the turn off and the traffic.
Dean had thought about that. He wanted to win, but at the same time he was rooting for Cas. He wanted to be able to celebrate with him afterwards too. It had been implied that they would. Dean's place made sense as it was near everything, but Cas hadn't stayed overnight there yet.
“Quite.” He pressed a kiss to Dean’s head.
A little POV shifting in this one. We start with Sam and then go back to Dean. Hope you all don't mind the shorter installment.
Yes he could have gone swimming in the pool at home, but this was nicer. This was private. Dean tossed the floaty into the water, set his beer near the edge, then jumped in. It felt wonderful. The sun was scorching hot overhead, and the water was just cool enough to be refreshing.
“With my coven, I’ve grown even more powerful. It’s a good thing I’m on team Sam Winchester.”
Rowena interrupted, “It’s a lot.” She set her hands on his chest and seemed to pour warmth into him.
“Oh, you were really interested in that?” Dean finished off the last bite of his burger.
“The babies did,” Dean answered. “The older ones are more complicated.”
They could hear him saying to her as he walked around the corner. “I’m sure you’ll like it here. They are a good family to choose.”
Luc took that moment to chime in. “You all see that the Winchesters arrived?” Ran into Sam in the elevator earlier.”
“Maybe. I may have come to love that name a great deal.”
“She’s not a pilot. Why would they let her come here?”
I watched Cas walk down that driveway with his son, and I thought, yeah, I could stand to watch him a bit more. He had these little specks of flour on his cheek, and I wanted to brush them off all night. It would have made things awkward though. Instead I watched him go. I should have exchanged numbers with him. I should have asked him out, but I didn’t. I didn’t want to take a chance at messing it up.
“What?” Cas set down the burger and wiped his hands.
“I get that, but was there something in the article about hallucinations?” Dean came closer to Cas and leaned over his shoulder to read the article for himself, since he hadn’t exactly read it in his room.
“I’m like right here you two. Don’t put me through the peep show.” Dean rolled his head back against the headrest of the chair.
“Of course,” Dean said, then hung up.
Claire greeted their return with a smirk and a disdainful, “Finally. Was beginning to wonder if you were too old now for even the simple hunts.”
“If you call me mother of dragons, I’ll throw this flower right at you.” Sam laughed and Dean laughed too.
“Spin again. See if he does that again,” Dean said.
Jack just smiled at him all gummy and innocent and way too much like Cas for Dean to feel comfortable. “Okay, Dean. I’ll try again in the morning.” He turned then and moved back out into the hall toward his bedroom.
“And I just wanted to be left alone.” She held the ax on top of her two upraised palms and whispered a spell that sent it soaring to the neck of the timid vampire. He was dust in an instant. She cast her focus about. There were still two creatures in the woods. The one behind her house wasn’t coming through. She worried about that one. She picked up her ax and headed for the woods.
“Come on, I’ve got you,” Dean encouraged. He squeezed Cas’ hands in his. He rolled his own hips, adding to the friction. “I’ve so got you.” And Cas let go, and Dean felt the pleasure, warm and wet on him. Castiel collapsed on him and just laid there, breathing as much as he could.
“We should look for a bar like that when we go on the next hunt,” Cas said.
“How?” Dean finally asked after the moment had gone on for nearly a year.
Jack ignored him and set his hand on Dean's shoulder anyway. "I can show you what he showed me."
Sam got them a case in Utah. The drive through the park lands pulled Cas from the deep pit of wallowing he was in. The stunning reds and the high mountain ranges were awe inspiring even for an angel that had passed through universes. As they drove through the Canyonlands National Park, Cas said, “It is beautiful here.”
“He does want me. He’d take me if I let him.” Dean’s words made something twist in Castiel’s stomach.
Instead of replying to Dean’s heartfelt declaration, Cas said, “I might try giving them baby food this week. You think I should avoid peas?”
Castiel tossed his head back with a groan of absolute frustration. “Leave.”
know a guy in Virginia. Name’s Silas. Don’t know him well or anything, but he helped me out back when you were sporting demon eyes.” Sam looked off out the window and Dean didn’t have anything to say about that. “Anyway, he’d gotten clear of a cult, he said. He claimed that there was some pretty messed up stuff going down. Somehow this lead to him becoming a hunter. I didn’t question it too much. The guy had information on so much. I swear he was better than our whole library of lore back at the bunker. I could ask him anything, he knew the score.”
“Good.” Dean kissed him again, and he took his hand. Cas walked him to the bed. It was good, maybe even great, and certainly somewhat close to perfect.
Cas said that sometimes he just needed to blow off some store of energy that had accumulated. Dean didn’t question it, but he understood. Runners were like that. Sometimes he hit the gym with Cas for the same reasons. Sometimes it helped. Sometimes, not so much.
The roar of the Impala’s departure was long gone. The sadness lingered though, in this place and with them as they went. If they’d stayed they’d have seen it, the way the embers came together, drawn almost naturally. The breeze rolled in again, more a wind now than something so gentle as a breeze.
“He’s not joining you?” Dean asked.
“Take it you got yelled at too.”
Cas got up and followed him out. They still weren’t talking about the issues. It was just surface level chatter for them. They drove to a bar. It was busy. Dean found a woman that seemed interested. And just like they had before, arrangements were made, consent given, and they were together. It was different though. There was a business like tone to it all.
“I thought you told me that he hated you.”
“I'm picking up breakfast or brunch. Are we brunch people?”
“Maybe we should have Doc take a look at you. Maybe you got a concussion too, like your friend up there.” Old Mo settled a hand on Dean’s arm and gave him a little tug toward the street.
Dean went into his room and started rummaging through his suitcase. There were too many choices to make.
Sam reached over and snagged the card from him. He wiped it on his pants and the slid it into the slot. The green light flashed, and Dean opened the door. “What, you afraid we'll cramp your style on your not date?”
“Her name’s Ellie,” Dean read. “People don’t expect anything from babies, so she’s been this way forever. Just like her dad. He said you’d take care of her.”
“Can’t believe you retained that.” Castiel drank down some more.
Dean glanced back toward Cas and Claire. They looked like they were struggling with the boat back at the car. It was a funny little spectacle that made Dean warm and somehow even happier. “Long as he doesn’t do anything stupid.”
“Yeah,” Sam said.
Dean breathed in the steam of the coffee. Cas walked back to the sink and poured a second cup. Dean walked over to him and looked at Cas’ coffee. It seemed to be black, but there were several sugar packets scattered around. Dean set down his cup and took a small sip of Cas’ coffee. “You need cream in it.” It was incredibly sweet. Dean noted how many sugar packets Cas had apparently used and decided that this was something to remember.
Sam, Jack, and Cas were already at the door. Cas had a little bag clutched tight in his hand. Dean set the hat on the counter and said, “I’d like to get this.”
“Pretty sure he’d disagree,” Castiel said, voice quiet and firm.
“They have each other.” Cas kissed Dean’s forehead. He dragged his shaking fingers back into his Dean’s hair. “I’ll give you dreams. I’ll make worlds for your mind to live in. An eternity, Dean. You can’t. You need me.”
Cas looked up then too and seemed like he read into the moment. He started to move away from Dean. Dean could even feel Cas’ arm start to slide away from behind him. He’d been too much in his own head lately, and this moment felt like Cas leaving all over again. He felt a dizzying fear overtake him with that thought. Dean automatically clamped his hand tighter on Cas’ hip, and that stopped Cas’ progress entirely. Dean kept his eyes on the screen now, like he was reading it. He wasn’t. He was just letting the letters swim around on the sea of white.
“Well, Sammy, go get a good seat.” Dean gave Sam a hug on the way out, slapping his back a little too hard at the end.
Cas just let that plan roll around in his mind. He looked at Dean who seemed to be drifting off a little. He waited until the credits finished rolling. Dean’s head slipped onto Cas’ shoulder. Little sleepy puffs of air tickled Cas’ neck. He closed the laptop and moved it to the nightstand. Cas turned off the light. He could let Dean sleep like this for a little while. After all he needed his sleep. Plus, he could be a touch angry if woken up too early.
Dean chuckled and rolled his eyes. The crowds laughed with him. The cameras were projecting a larger image of Dean on the screens so even the back of the crowd saw the look. “And that's our grumpy little angel right there.” He strummed a chord and turned the Kevin. “You ready for this?”
“I think the beer is going to your head.”Castiel laughed. Dean wanted to keep making him laugh. The low rumble of his voice, the mirth of it was intoxication. Dean moved closer.
“Well, duh.” Dean let out a little snort of a laugh.
“I know that, but you’re mad, and you might not want to be here.”
Cas followed him up the path to the front door. A woman in plain clothes, jeans and a tee, came out to greet them. “Sam's out back meditating. He didn't say you were coming to visit today.” She was all smiles though.
“You already called Cas about it?”
Dean stood there, fighting for something to say. Finding nothing, he just threw out his arms in a half shrug. It was giving up. He knew this had to happen. They all knew that this was the only way.
The tour was another thing. They started selling tickets even before the album was released. The shows would be smaller and more intimate despite the fact that Crowley wanted them to do full stadium concerts. To appease him they let him schedule one stadium stop on the last night of the tour.
“You could test the theory.”
“Didn't know he was sending it. He told me after Crowley sent over the contract.”
“Not so much. I gathered videos from interested parties. No need for all of the scheduling that in-person auditions take. I got one from a...” he paused like he didn’t know what to say next, then added, “a friend.”
“And we wouldn’t want that.” He ran his fingers through Dean’s hair, and Dean closed his eyes and savored the comfort of it. He told himself not to worry. This was Cas, and he was here, and he was fine.
Dean almost laughed at that. He was absentmindedly signing autos while Castiel listened.
“Go change. We'll be ready when you get back.”
Cas stepped into his space. He grabbed Dean by the shoulders, shook him, then, crumbling a little, he pulled Dean into his arms. “You stupid, selfless, stupid man,” Cas’ words rattled into the space at Dean’s neck.
“Jerk,” Sam mumbled, half asleep.
“Have fun with that,” Dean said with a smile. “Pretty sure the babies are gonna do the napping thing here after the meal.”
“Commander Lafitte said that the Winchesters had determined that it was safe, but wanted to know what the phenomenon was. They couldn’t get the probes close enough, so they decided that Sam could go out safely. Unfortunately, Sam decided to get too close. See for yourself.”
“Shut it.” Dean stalked ahead faster. “Toss me the key.” Dean turned and walked backwards. Sam tossed it.
Cas came to him. “Your methods are not great. Still, I’m glad to have you back.” He pulled Gabriel into a hug, and a few seconds later, Gabriel returned it.
He waved. I waved back. He looked like he was laughing about the stumble. He moved to the curb and shielded his eyes as he looked up at me. “You surprised me,” he called up from across the street.
The first couple of hours had been typical. Cas sat in the back, staring quietly out the window, while Sam fiddled around on his laptop. Sam found ways to keep researching even when they were in the sticks. He’d just download articles over the wifi hotspot that he made using his phone. Then when the journey took them outside of data service, he’d just grumble a little and read all of them offline.
“Who’s your Beatrice? Me?” And Castiel means for it to be a joke, but it doesn’t quite sound that way when he says, “Aaron?”
The movie opens with a song by an old fifties girl group, and when the
O’Hare is far from his favorite place, but Castiel isn’t really fond of airports in general. Too many people, most of them rude, and the ever-present possibility of being poked or prodded or asked probing questions. He doesn’t mind flying, not the way Dean does, but he does wish sometimes that he had access to his uncle’s private jet.
“Shit,” Cas hisses, gripping Dean’s bicep. “Dry.”
There are a million questions rolling around in Dean’s head, some important, and some just plain curiosity. Does she like boys at all? Is there a particular girl she’s interested in? Is Dean supposed to keep this between them? But he pushes them all aside and steps forward. She winces and holds her hands up when he moves, which makes his heart twist painfully, but he pulls her into a tight hug, cradling her head in his neck. He feels her gasp against his skin, but soon enough, her arms are wrapped around him, her hands gripping his shoulders, and she starts to shiver, but Dean just holds her tighter.
Castiel takes a short breath, hesitating. His voice is so quiet that Dean almost doesn’t hear when he says, “Then. You’ll come see me again?”
Castiel sits a good distance away from Lucifer, reading his father’s latest draft of the new
And that’s scary.
“I know,” Dean cuts him off, still smiling, rubbing his thumb over Castiel’s knuckles. “I know you don’t, don’t worry about it. Here.” Dean releases Castiel’s hand and nudges the next painting in the stack, his mouth stretching into a grin. “Take the next one. I think you’ll like it.”
“Wow, way to be rude, Kirk.” There’s a commotion in the background, loud conversation and glasses clinking. “I only had amazing news for you, but maybe I won’t share it anymore.”
“You dated for over a year!”
“I’m not sure that’d be a great idea,” Castiel says slowly, carefully. His brain is already unravelling a thousand different scenarios of his mother saying or doing something offensive, even without meaning to.
, I’m as straight as the next guy!” Victor insists. “It’s about
Dean shrugs, knocking Charlie away. “I like her face and her hair. Do I need another reason?”
“What do you want?” Dean says into the phone. Alastair just laughs, like Dean’s attempt to break away is amusing to him.
Anger stirs in Dean’s chest, and it tastes a little like jealousy too, but Dean clears his throat and ignores it. “Why were
Sadness ekes into Jess’s scent as they start up the new staircase, but she won’t look Castiel in the eye until he reaches over to gently take her hand. “I’m sorry,” she says with a soft laugh. “It’s just… the refugees are always like that too. If you’re an alpha and you feel that way, then… it must be a truly terrible place.”
What a disaster.
You guys are my saving grace, by the way! I want you to know that! There were a couple days a ways back where I was just incapable of even looking at this file without getting a headache, but I ended up going back and re-reading all the beautiful, sweet comments you guys leave and it not only got me back on the writing wagon, but I was able to soldier through work with a smile again. So thank you, seriously! Words can't express what your kindness means to me, so I hope sharing this story is thanks enough!
Out of the corner of his eye, Castiel notices Dean’s expression fall, but he opts to ignore it in the face of Benny’s skeptical eyebrow raise.
Michael meets Castiel’s eyes from behind their mother’s back, and he looks just as bewildered as Castiel feels. Castiel wants to believe that Naomi has actually changed, but he can’t make the connection between the woman who sneered at the holes in Dean’s jeans, and the one standing in front of him. Is it really as simple as a change of heart? Is a change of heart really that simple?
Lisa bites her lower lip and nods quickly. Dean takes her hand and tugs her along until they find the refreshments set up in the kitchen. Dean huffs slightly; some Jack Daniels, a few flavors of Smirnoff, a little Captain Morgan, and a shit-ton of store-brand soda. “Big spender,” Dean remarks under his breath before turning to Lisa. “You don’t have to drink booze if you don’t wanna.”
Michael blinks, something that’s almost hurt appearing in his eyes, but he nods slowly, and actually puts an arm around Castiel’s shoulder as they walk back to the courts.
“Will I?” Dean smirks, but his tone of voice is peculiar. “It’s one thing for me to fall in love once. It’s a whole other thing whether or not the girl I love loves me back.” Pam sits up straight, lips pursed in surprise. “Can you see that? Will she love me too?”
“Hey,” Dean laughs, “Just returning the favor. Better late than never.”
Dean coughs a few times, then finally manages to say, “Would you say that even if there wasn’t a baby or a throne on the line?”
“Good,” Dean answers. He wants to say more, because he actually does like talking about painting. But a few weeks ago, he’d offered to send John something he’d done, only for John to stammer and give some excuse about Adam getting into everything and not wanting Dean’s art to end up ruined.
“Busy?” Alastair hums. “Does that mean Mama’s Good Boy isn’t being punished anymore?”
“You didn’t do much schoolwork either, according to Charlie.” Cas probably doesn’t mean for it to sound so accusatory, but Dean tenses anyway, finally turning to meet Cas’s eyes.
And Dean decides he hates Meg too.
Dean glares at him for a moment longer, then straddles his bike. "I'm still gonna call you later," he says, his jaw twitching with defiance. "And we're gonna watch movies all summer, I don't give a fuck."
Dean frowns, quickly averting his eyes as he tries to figure out what to tell Lisa and what not to tell her. Obviously he can’t tell her about all the weird dreams he’s been having, but maybe he won’t feel so guilty if he at least lets her know about the kiss.
Apologies aren’t worth much when John will take any excuse to get Castiel out of the way, but Castiel reminds himself that that’s
He joins in the frenzy of ripped paper and ribbon when Mary gives the signal. Inside each box is a set of pajamas, a solid-colored shirt with matching plaid sweatpants. Each of them has a different color: green for Dean, pink for Mary, red for Sam, and blue for Castiel.
Castiel jumps, twisting around to see Dean smiling gently down at him. Dean holds both hands up in a gesture of peace before sitting down next to Castiel and slipping his sandals off. “Anna texted me,” Dean says as a way of explanation. “She seemed worried.”
Castiel blinks at her, confused, but Naomi doesn’t say more. Michael steps in, putting his hand back on Castiel’s shoulder, and laughing softly when Castiel jumps. “That’s true. You are my brother regardless of who you love, and that will never change.”
, dinner, we’re gonna be late,” Dean snaps, grabbing Castiel’s arm and dragging him out to the staircase. He can hear Cas laughing behind him, so once they reach the main hall, he slows down a little, sliding his hand down to interlace his fingers with Castiel’s. Now it’s just a casual stroll, hand-in-hand, and Castiel’s laughter has faded into an uncertain-but-pleased little smile.
It’s real. Dean’s heart skips a beat and his cheeks flush pink and he can’t help smiling as he stands back to let Cas in. All those stupid cliches, they’re real, and they’re happening, and Dean’s panicking in the back of his mind, but overwhelming all of that is his absolute contentment that Cas is finally near him again.
It’s only when Castiel pulls himself away, leaving Anna to bogart Gabe’s comfort, that he notices Michael, standing next to the couch, watching his siblings with red-rimmed eyes. Emotions war in Castiel’s chest: it’s Michael’s fault, entirely Michael’s fault that Lucifer left, but maybe Michael knows that already. Maybe he’s already beating himself up over it. Maybe it’s not Castiel’s place to do so.
Castiel sits up straight, his head tilted. Dean laughs awkwardly and imitates his stance, maybe trying to distract himself from this story he obviously doesn’t tell often. “He and Uncle Bobby had their own garage together back in Lawrence, occasionally fixing up and selling old classics when they had the opportunity. But it went under around the time Sam was born. Bobby moved out here, met Ellen, married her and started up another garage in town, so people wouldn’t have to go to Seaside anymore. Dad…” Dean pauses, his jaw twitching, and has to take a deep breath before continuing: “Dad didn’t handle it so well. He started drinking, and it got pretty bad.” He rubs the ball of his hand against his temple, an almost unconscious gesture that makes Castiel wonder just what ‘pretty bad’ means. “So Mom left him. I grew up in Topeka, but then shit happened and Mom decided to bring us out here instead.”
Dean nods. “It’s probably not as fancy as you’re used to, but Sonny said we got a table looking out at the water, so we’ll be able to watch the sunset.” He glances at Castiel, clearing his throat before reaching over to slide their fingers together, gently gripping Castiel’s hand. “It’ll be nice. Right?”
Because Dean’s not stupid. He’s fully aware now of how very
“Thanks, but that’s not the point.” Castiel sighs again. “Come on, guess you can leave out the front door today.”
He runs back to Cas’s door, pounding on it with his fist until Cas opens it so suddenly that Dean almost loses his balance. Frowning, Cas narrows his eyes and asks, “What do you want, Dean?”
Mary playfully swats his shoulder, but says, “I’m starting to get what my son sees in you,” which can only be a compliment, and Castiel lets it warm him the entire ride back to Sileas.
When he finally exits the bathroom, after brushing his teeth and finally washing all the dried blood off his face, he’s immediately hit with the smell of grease cooking, and it makes his stomach roll again. The groan he lets out makes Mary’s face appear in the archway, and she smirks when his eyes widen in surprise. “You’re gonna thank me for this,” she says as Dean slowly shuffles into the kitchen. “Not that you don’t deserve this hangover, because you definitely do, but hey, I’m your mom. I’m supposed to take care of you.” She plates some bacon and hash browns as Dean takes a seat at the island, then smiles serenely as she shoves the food under his nose. “Even when you make terrible decisions and scare the shit out of everyone who loves you.”
“Yeah,” Dean answers immediately, glad for the opportunity to finally be supportive of Cas for once. He slides out of bed and starts shuffling through the clothes on the floor, looking for his boxers. “Yeah, gimme time to shower and I can be there. Will Michael be a problem?”
Missouri cocks an eyebrow at him, then gestures for him to lead the way.
“That’s not---” is all Castiel manages to say before Jo barrels over him again.
either. It’s nice to have a friend around, someone who can help Dean forget about what a fuck-up he is.
I hope this chapter makes up for last chapter's mess. I originally wrote out a long note explaining some things but I think I'll leave it at this: last chapter was originally supposed to end with the scene on Dean's porch. I think my intentions would have been clearer if I'd carried through with that. From now on, I'm just going to stick to the plan, regardless of how long it takes.
As soon as Dean wakes up, he’s gagging again, off and running for the downstairs bathroom. He makes it just in time, spending several minutes throwing up stuff he doesn’t even remember eating, then another several minutes with his forehead pressed to the porcelain, waiting for his stomach to stop turning somersaults.
“Then why’d he wanna take you on a date?” Dean spits. Bela wrinkles her nose.
Jo thinks she’s kidding. Dean swallows it all down.
Dean wolf-whistles at the girls, just to be an ass, and Victor joins in with a slow clap. Charlie flips them off, and Bela cuts in while she’s distracted, spinning herself under Gilda’s arm. Charlie smiles fondly at the sight, too besotted to be jealous, and when Victor offers his hand, she takes it, and resumes telling him how wrong he is about the Harry Potter films even as they shake their hips to the beat.
“Now you’re getting it.”
“Don’t,” Sam cuts him off, eyes glued to the television. “A bunch of people donated to get you that. Well.” He grins sheepishly, turning to look at Dean. “Cas donated most of it. But! You can’t give it back.”
The room is almost bare, bathed in golden light. There are no curtains or lace, just an open window and a mattress with a few sheets. Cas has wings again, but they’re larger now, and colored white with a few silvery strays. They’re flared up towards the ceiling as he mouths at Dean’s cock, and Dean watches the feathers shiver from behind his eyelashes.
And I could never do any wrong
His plan is to tell Michael that he’d spent the day with Bela, then gone out for a run before dinner. The truth is, he spent his time laying on the grass with Dean, Charlie and Jo, watching Sam teach Sarah how to kick a ball around. She’d picked it up surprisingly fast, and by mid-afternoon, the group of them were playing HORSE, girls versus boys. It had been fun, relaxing, even if Dean was overly competitive and liked to attempt to sabotage Jo and Charlie during their turns.
Castiel draws his hand back, running it through his hair to prevent her from trying to take it back. Jo giggles again. “I very much doubt that,” Castiel says, attempting to smile. Pam just leans in closer to him, her hand on his forearm as she grins.
As Dean watches in confusion, Mary goes out to the garage and comes back with a large box of her own. She didn’t bother to wrap it, just a large bow slapped on the side, so once she’s set it on the floor, Dean only has to tear through the tape to find an iMac of his very own. He gapes, speechless, for a long moment, pulling out the computer, the keyboard, the mouse, and staring at them. When he finally finds the words, he looks at his mother and croaks, “We can’t afford this.”
“Dean,” the beta chastises. “She’s
“I’ve already warned you-!”
Dean blinks, staring at the wall at he thinks about it. “And you want me to rig it so you can kiss Jo?” He can do that, probably. He’ll be exempt from the game because of Lisa anyway.
Bela sighs dramatically, the sound crackling in Castiel’s ears. “Okay, I’ll play nice. Where are you, exactly?”
secluded out there in the woods,” Dean teases, “but there weren’t any dragons guarding you, so unfortunately, it looks like you’re not a damsel in distress, and we’re not living a fairy tale.”
“I’d like to see you and Sam again,” John says. “So maybe your mother and I can work something out. Have you boys come out here for Christmas, or something.”
Around mid-afternoon, Bobby appears at the door looking for Jo, ready to take her home for their own Christmas celebrations. Charlie and Dorothy take the opportunity to depart as well, and there are hugs and well-wishes all around, with Bobby promising to drop by tomorrow afternoon.
Dean knows that Cas is right, that they both have some work to do before they talk about this aspect of their relationship again. So that maybe, in a year, there’s no risk that Dean’s excitement could be overtaken by fear.
Castiel blinks, then gasps, “Oh. Um.”
, tucked under the almost aching fear of how people will react when they know, is that white light that Dean has been ignoring for almost a year. And that’s where Dean goes, pulling it forward, and with it comes the memory of kissing Cas, of dreams where they do far more, and all the little things that Dean really adores about Cas, the things that he wants to draw all the time. His hands, with long, graceful fingers. The straight length of his nose. The dip in his chin, now covered in stubble. The way his whole face scrunches up to fit his biggest grin. And those hooded blue eyes, always so intense and focused.
The clean smell of citrus hits his nose, easing his nausea, and a small hand strokes down his back. Behind him, he hears the gate creaking, and the distant sound of boots on wood. He wipes his mouth, lifting his head to give Charlie a weak smile. “‘Least I missed his shoes.”
They’ve been dating for a few months now, so kissing is familiar. Lisa is pliant and warm beneath Dean’s hands, and when she cups his jaw, deepens the kiss, Dean’s stomach drops out and his dick twitches in his jeans. They haven’t done anything like that yet - they’re both virgins, and Lisa admitted early on that she was afraid of being taken advantage of. Dean admired her from afar for over a year, is ecstatic that she even looked at him when he finally worked up the courage to talk to her, let alone accepted his invitation to the movies on a Saturday night. But he gets it. There are creeps out there, guys who want to seduce a girl, then sully her name while never talking to her again. Dean’s not like that, but he understands that he’ll have to prove that to Lisa first.
“She thinks very highly of you,” the alpha answers seriously. “And I’m starting to see why.”
“It had something to do with it,” Cas admits, “but not everything.”
"Shut up!" The boy snaps back, a blush creeping up his neck as he turns back to Cas. He's anxiously turning the frisbee in his fingers, his dark hair floating in the breeze. "Are you okay?"
“Depends what you’re here for.”
Sam is beaming, and he looks ready to start another long speech about the bands that Jo got him into, how they’re all interconnected but all sound totally different even though Dean couldn’t tell the Fall Out Boys from the Discos to save his life. Dean steps in, whistling to get Sam’s attention. “You better go get some water in you before practice starts again, Sammy,” he suggests, laughing when Sam makes a face and runs away with a quick wave. “Sam loves you almost as much as the girls do, Cas.”
"You still coulda tried!" Dean rubs his free hand over his mouth, doesn't bother looking at Cas. The lantern light is far ahead of them, the others' voices barely audible. "You gave your brother the bird and ran off, but you can't bother to steal your phone back for five minutes?" Dean shakes his head. "Mixed signals, man."
Charlie, Jo, and Pam are steadfastly ignoring him now, and it turns out it’s not a lot of fun being on the receiving end of a cold shoulder. That’s probably exactly the point they’re trying to make, but Castiel is too immersed in his own guilt and confusion and nervousness to care.
Except, Dean never calls.
“Cas, don’t-”
Castiel squints thoughtfully. “You drink?”
“Other kids?” Naomi says, still staring Castiel down. “May I ask which beach he was at, Sheriff?”
So Dean pushes his embarrassment away and bares his neck, shifting his hips until the tip of Castiel’s cock catches between his cheeks, and Castiel gasps like a drowning man. The moment is gone, and Dean tells himself he doesn’t regret missing it.
Dean doesn’t look convinced. “You know that doesn’t bother me.” He hesitates, but when Castiel can’t think of another response, Dean sighs and settles for resting a hand high on Castiel’s back, between his shoulderblades, to guide him towards the door.
The noise has stopped by the time he reaches the opening, but he doesn’t turn back. Not until he hears footsteps approaching, and Dean’s voice saying his name. “Cas, hold up.”
“Nuh-uh,” Charlie argues. “You’re Ross and Cas is Rachel and that’s not changing until you guys get your shit together.”
And the cherry on the shit cake is that Cas has the audacity to stand there looking like some kind of teen angel, with his dark, messy hair and his bright, blue eyes, and his shapely nose and his full lips and his broad, graceful shoulders, and he's still taller than Dean and his legs and hips look fucking
“We’ll give you some time to relax,” Castiel says, ignoring Anna’s pout, “and be back in time for dinner. We can catch up then.”
“As an omega, Dean is good for bridging relationships with other lands,” John says slowly, as if Castiel is some sort of imbecile. “As a prince, his whole existence is political. He can’t do a damn thing without affecting our reputation as rulers, and if he had been an alpha, I would just be trying to find him a suitable companion. There is no difference.”
He’d sit at the tower windows and stare out at the expanse of green trees stretching outside the fortress, wondering if he could see Castiel’s cottage from here. He’d sit at the table with wine and pheasant and family and wonder if Castiel was eating okay, or if he was lonely. He’d walk past the gardens and feel genuine, physical pain in his chest and stomach, the smell of flowers so close yet so far from Castiel’s intoxicating scent.
“I was worried,” Cas says quietly, staring at his shoes. “I’d never seen you that bad before. And Lisa…” Cas swallows, shaking his head. “Lisa was really scared.”
Dean lifts his head to meet her eyes, searching for truth. "But I can't control that," he says.
, in the back of his mind with all the little locked doors and compartments where Dean hides the memories of stolen kisses and peppermint-scented hair, is that brilliant white light that Dean refuses to name.
-----
Castiel snorts, his hands moving to slide down Dean’s arms, interlacing their fingers over Impala’s reins. “That is unsurprising.”
“Any more?” Dean frowns, then shakes his head. “Cas, we need to talk about this.”
Dean closes his mouth, and turns his head away. Castiel studies him for a moment more, takes in the new shadows and colors on his face, then follows his gaze. The bonfire is roaring now, and Castiel can hear music, soft and tinny. The other kids are dancing, like witches of old, black silhouettes against the flames, while Dean and Castiel sit in the wet sand, letting the waves climb higher as the moon rises in the sky.
Using that to steel his nerves, Dean tugs at Castiel’s hair, until those bright blue eyes look up at his face. There’s curiosity there, but that’s all, so Dean smirks and shifts his hips, drawing Castiel’s attention to his straining dick, red and leaking against his stomach.
say anything?”
,” Dean is singing under his breath when Castiel catches his gaze, and Castiel is pretty sure he saw something like this in a Disney movie once, but that thought is quickly dashed by the strange light in Dean’s eyes. Like the stars, like the galaxy of freckles dusted across his nose, focused and intense. Castiel’s heart skips a beat when Dean hums, “
Lisa giggles when Dean protests. Cas is still smirking when he says, “That’s okay, Dean’s used to spending time with people who are prettier than he is.”
Dean gently shoves his mother away from the stove with a brilliant smile. Mary kisses his temple, and squeezes Cas’s shoulder as she passes him.
Naomi’s smile is broader, and she nods at him. “Thank you, Dean. I’ll have Castiel inform you when we have more details. Now.” She glances back into the hotel room before sternly announcing, “It’s late, and I suppose you have a family you need to get home to.”
He notices the surprisingly large pile of presents under the Christmas tree as he approaches the couch, but he’s tired and no one is around to ask, so he files it away until morning, and crawls under the covers.
“The fun part is upstairs,” he says, stretching up to reach a string hanging from the ceiling, pulling on it until a folded ladder clatters down towards the floor. “Come on.”
Surprised, Castiel laughs as well. He grinds up against Dean’s slick thighs until the omega groans again, then nibbles along the nape of Dean’s neck. “Dean,” he responds, voice low and rumbling. “Don’t tease.”
“What,” Castiel groans, finally pushing himself up, but only enough so he can roll over onto his back. The moon is full, or almost full, and light is escaping through the treetops, just enough to see each other by.
kept saying those kisses didn’t mean anything.”
“He came to
Dean huffs, looking out over the ocean. Waves crash noisily in the distance, white foam rushing towards their ankles. “When my dad’s business went under and he started drinking, he and my mom fought all the time. Yelling, broken dishes, dad storming out and not coming back until after I’d gone to bed. I was really little, but I still remember all of it.” Dean exhales slowly, watching the clouds coming in from the horizon, dark and heavy with rain. For the first time, Castiel realizes why Dean has been so understanding about his situation: Dean truly knows what it’s like to live with the kind of negative energy and constant tension Castiel has to go through. He understands the idea of a family that’s not quite broken, but maybe it should be, and Castiel feels all his stress suddenly draining from his body. The thought that Mary left her husband, that Dean’s family did end up broken in the end, scares Castiel a little, but at the same time, Sam and Dean are wonderful, talented kids, and Mary is there for them as much as she can be. So maybe it’s not so bad after all.
Lisa carefully touches his shoulder, but he shakes her off and slides out of the booth. He stops at the edge of the table, wanting to say something, anything, but the words don’t come. So he just runs a hand through his hair, shakes his head, and heads for the door. The check is unimportant - if Ellen decides she wants Dean to pay, she’ll find a way to make him. Right now, Dean just needs a breath of fresh air, and maybe to take a long, meandering drive.
“What?” Dean says.
"I know this song," Castiel says quietly. It had been all over the radio for months, and even though Castiel doesn't particularly care for radio, Anna had taken to the band quite fiercely. "But I've never heard it like this before."
Castiel wanders around the resort most of the afternoon. On a whim, he steals a wooden crate from behind the kitchens, and carefully places it in the hollow space under the bungalow’s front porch.
Castiel lifts his head and stares at his sister. “You told her about the date?”
But Dean swallows and stops himself before he lets that train of thought go too far.
“The resort,” Castiel answers quietly. Dean’s green eyes go wide before his hands drop.
Dean is shaking his head, but Jo looks delighted. “Sure she can! The more the merrier, right? Besides,” she shrugs, “we girls are outnumbered tonight. One more would even it out perfectly.”
Cas doesn’t respond, even when Dean finally goes silent. He stares at Dean, eyes wide and searching, until the silence stretches too long, and Dean forces himself to let go and stand back, clearing his throat.
Sure, he’s leaving, and they don’t know when they’ll see each other again. But huge, new strides have been made, settling them in a new territory that feels much safer and more comfortable, despite the uncertainty that comes with it. Castiel leans back in his chair, forgoing the book to let himself daydream about the future again, about that Victorian home in Portland, with the porch swing and the big yard, and building a family with Dean at his side.
“Well, okay then.” She started heading back and turned to face him as she walked backwards down the hall. “Good luck with him. He's a handful.”
“Yeah, that would be awesome.” Dean took a step closer. “Not what I was asking though.” Castiel tipped his head, studying Dean in his confusion. “I meant where will we be? You performing up until midnight?”
Charlie got up. “Show me.” She started to move out of the kitchen and Sam followed, Rebekah went too. Dean could hear Charlie saying, “She was absolutely fine when we parted.”
“And yet I stand here, not consumed by fire or God’s wrath. What does that tell you?”
“I am. I have always enjoyed looking at the stars, the vastness of the universe.” A little smile tugged up at the edges of Cas’ lips, but then he suddenly looked a little sad.
Dean looked down at his shoes. They'd gotten him close to Cas now. He kicked at some gravel a little. “He didn't misunderstand me. I'm just…” Dean really didn't know how to answer.
“No.”
“Wow, romantic,” Dean said with a smirk.
Dean could already hear his voice delivering the feeble explanation for their closeness, and at the same time he didn’t care. He thought that maybe he didn’t need to say a word. Sam wasn’t blind. He knew what was going on here.
“I'm one of the last acts, so I'll be out til past midnight. What about you?”
Dean turned back to him. He walked right up into his space. “Take off your coat.” Cas didn’t know what this was about, but he complied. “We’re gonna spar a little.” Dean laughed for seemingly no good reason. “You wouldn’t want me going off all half cocked or anything would you? Wouldn’t want me feeling all tense and reckless?”
“Isn't that where…”
“Dean,” Castiel turned on his stool to really face him. “I don’t use her. You will. Seems a shame to not have her getting played. Take her when you go tonight.”
“Say something!” Cas shouted.
The day was full and filled with joy and sunshine. Lovewell Park was a bit of a drive. Dean had worried about what the day would feel like with two babies cooped up in a car for so long. It turned out fine though, and by the time they all poured out of the car, the beauty of the place made up for the journey. There was a bit of water and rich green grasses. Rebekah was given an excess of attention, and the babies gurgled and smiled the day away. By midday, they opened up the packages of food, and had a rather large meal on one of the park’s tables.
“I'll take four.”
Dean opened the box. Inside was a guitar case.
For now there were "medical trips" that some took, believing that the exposure to low-gravity environments would cure them from everything under the sun. There were others that went on the pleasure trips that were similar to small cruise ships. They'd take a turn around the moon. Families would float together in zero gravity and pay too much for photos of it all before they returned.
Dean wouldn't look at him. He was absolutely doing the sad face that worked on oh so many, Dean included. They were not getting a dog. He had to leave. He stood abruptly. “I’m going to go check on Cas.”
“You don’t have to kiss my ass,” Dean huffed out.
“Lick your wounds?”
Dean smiled, but it was not a happy look on him. He rushed at Cas and knocked him to the floor. He straddled him for just a moment and landed a fist into the side of his face. Then he was struggling to breathe right, the fractured rib apparently didn’t like the extra efforts Dean was making. Cas could hear Dean’s heartbeat racing. He rolled Dean onto his back and pinned his arms to the mat over his head. “Come on!” Dean stared up at him angrily.
"Pissed off an ancient being. Hope you don't mind helping out with a little destruction while you're here." The fire in Kali's hands glowed brighter. The children even seemed to take on a fighting stance. Dean and the others filled the room along the periphery. There was confusion and a strange kind of focus that comes from years of fighting.
“I’m so not packed for an overnighter.” Dean turned to Cas a little and said, “A little help here buddy.”
“I’m thinking we won’t learn much more from these articles. They’re all pretty superficial.” Dean glanced up at the bathroom door as he heard Sam shut off the water.
“With cowboys?”
Eventually, Dean released him and moved back onto the bed, beckoning him to join him. Castiel settled between his legs and kissed him more. His hands roamed Dean's body, mapped out every ridge and groove.
“Wouldn’t want her damaged by some careless college guys.” Dean opened the door for him. Cas looked at him funny, then went to the other door, the one to the back seat.
“I can't thank you enough for everything you do. You can't possibly know what a difference you make.” Castiel really focused on the boy.
Sam hummed in agreement. “It might have been rather traumatic for two children to see the slaughter of beings that looked alike.”
