He swept off to his room, leaving John in doubt about whether Sherlock had been honoured or annoyed by the request.
“A what?”
He tilts his head back toward the sitting room. “So you’re here to see…?”
- The Priest, Fleabag, S2E6
Sherlock looked down at his hands, at the paper dog his hands had created while he was talking. “Origami. It’s a very old art, from Earth-that-was. I learned it at the Academy. I do it after a case; it helps me order my mind.”
Sherlock looked down at Rosie. “I don’t,” he said softly, “but there are other things in which I believe.”
He frowned, half asleep. “Can’t, Rosie. Lost. Remember?”
“There. Plow, P-L-O-W, not P-L-O-U-G-H.”
“When what?” He kept his voice crisp and clear, the final T sharp and supercilious.
“What does Dr. Lyon say?”
Sherlock and the Admiral finished their tea in silence. Neither of them had spoken a word since Sherlock opened the door. The Admiral kept his head down, as if he was carrying a giant weight on his thin shoulders.
After what felt like a year, the pilot turned his head to Mycroft and said, “Out of Serbian airspace, sir.”
Je suis Canadien - I am Canadian
After a long, long moment, Sherlock carefully pulled the Admiral’s head onto his shoulder.
Mycroft picked an invisible piece of lint from his lapel. “Sometimes, however, the wheel arrives at its destination. Might I suggest you get dressed?”
I throw it in his face, and several things happen at once. He jumps up toward me, but the waiter, who was just behind him, grabs him by the collar and waistband and pushes him out the door. At the same time the whole restaurant breaks into applause.
,” Sherlock said.
Standing, Sherlock placed his cup on the tray and crossed to the Admiral. The Admiral did not resist or look up as Sherlock gently pulled the empty cup from his hands. Sherlock took the Admiral’s hand, still warm from the tea, and pulled him to his feet, guiding him to sit on the divan. Sherlock sat next to him; the Admiral stared at the floor.
“Has anyone come from Riding Thorpe Manor?” Holmes asked. His tone was agitated and terse; his patience was clearly wearing out.
“I – yes – I – how the-” John stopped himself, remembering appropriate language for this era. “How in heaven’s name did you know the message was from Scotland Yard?”
“Gold, fourteen caret. Five millimeters.”
“You have a daughter?” (Well, holy fuck, that’s an important piece of information, isn’t it?)
Sherlock’s eyes were closed, losing himself in the music in a way that was achingly familiar for John. He swayed slightly to the music, leaning into the longer notes as though his spine was matching the draw of the bow. His body held a slight tension, in strict attention to the music, but his face was relaxed, childlike and nearly glowing with happiness.
Oh yes, and "Siegfried is in the forest" is a reference to Swan Lake.
Bahdri stood there, his fist raised to bang on the door again. “Christ, John, I was ready to break down the door. Why didn’t-”
, dear?”
He clenched his fist, then carefully relaxed it. No, it wasn’t the blood. It was the sight of Holmes in his shirtsleeves. Granted, he had a waxed apron over his clothes, but his jacket was off and his sleeves carefully rolled up past his elbow. And while his forearms had been covered in blood, the blood hadn’t hidden the wiry musculature of Holmes’ arms.
“The station-master,” Holmes said, and strode purposefully into the building. They quickly found him, an older man bent under with age and extraordinary sideburns.
He went into the kitchen to get the necessary supplies. When he arrived in the bathroom, Sherlock had already started the bath, filling the room with steam, and stripped off his shirt. John had a flashback to when Sherlock had first been released – released, not escaped – and his chest had been painted with stripes of iodine, red streaks from the bandages and heart monitors irritating his nearly translucent skin, and mottled green and yellow bruises around the wound. All signs of healing, but the sight of it had made John furious all over again. He had worked hard to keep it at bay, but he was sure Sherlock had noticed. How could he not? He was Sherlock, he saw everything.
“Ah, good morning Watson. Where are you off to today?” Holmes said around his pipe.
“Aren’t I what?”
He looked down again. Counted, by habit. Fifty seven beans.
Sherlock sat, ramrod straight in his chair, quivering with tension. “He’s no more guilty than I am. No one questioned me, and I disappeared right after the dance as well. He was with me.”
“Not far, not far,” John said again.
Mycroft’s bland face didn’t even register surprise at Sherlock’s deduction, damn him. “A small matter that required my attention.”
“And little Rosie. Having a child around at Christmas really brings out the joy of the season.”
“I told you,” Sherlock said. “No one but you. What are we going to do on Ariel?”
Heat poured over Sherlock in a wave, and for a moment he was afraid he would come right then. “Yes, John, fuck, yes.”
Sherlock sighed. “I’ve made a deal with someone to become their personal Companion – so I’m with them and no one else. I’ll be living with him.”
John blinked, then pulled Sherlock down for a bruising kiss. Arousal flared up in Sherlock’s whole body, and he returned the kiss with passion and desperation. They grappled in the middle of the sitting room floor for a moment, grasping at each other’s clothes in an effort to get even closer.
John fiddled with the delicate teacup, the china looking fragile in his calloused hands. “That woman last night – the woman you were helpin’ into a hovercar – she was a client?”
Sherlock and John head back to the inn after the whole mess at Baskerville.
“Oh, it’s been days and days.”
“Indeed.”
“Why? What for?” John snapped.
“Shut it, John, do you want me to shave your nose off?”
“What time is the interview?”
Sherlock scanned the man quickly. Military posture, but older and slightly pudgy. No insignia. So retired or so high ranking that a uniform was not required. Or military police. Or secret police. In short, not a person that Sherlock wanted to be alone with, in a military hospital in Serbia, or anywhere.
“It would appear you have your wish, John,” he said. “Lestrade has a case. Get your notebook. And ask Mrs. Hudson to sit with Watson, would you?”
The Ar-Tine is meant to be a version of the Argentine Tango, kind of like this: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TZEckpXniWo
“Mr. Garrideb seemed to prefer that we keep the matter strictly between us two, that we conduct the search personally. But I was loath to spend that amount of time on the issue, time away from my collection. Your name was mentioned to me, Mr. Holmes, as someone who could take on such matters, so I wrote to you directly. What do you think are the chances of success, Mr. Holmes?”
There was nothing like it in the world.
“Who’s that?” he said, pleased that he was able to keep his voice steady.
John kissed him again, taking control, and Sherlock felt something shift inside him. He kissed back, feeling absolute passion rush through his muscles and nerve endings, pouring up and out into John, only to be met with a flood of passion coming back from him. The passion lifted and became joy.
Sherlock’s legs gave out and he sat, heavily, on the sofa next to John. He stared at John, unable to look away, his mind a riot of static.
. He found himself being drawn to object after object, and had to force himself to return his attention to the matter at hand. Holmes’ eyes were darting about as well, but he didn’t show his distraction outwardly.
(See the end of the chapter for
Flashback.
John and Rosie had moved back with Sherlock, and it was good for John, she could tell. The waves of sadness from him radiated a little less every day, and Rosie clearly blossomed at 221B.
“Daddy is delayed, I told you, Watson.” He tried to modulate his voice but it was rising without his permission.
He built a cache for them out of the rocks and bricks around them. Rosie assisted by bringing small rocks that were absolutely useless, but he solemnly added them to the pile anyway. A misty drizzle was coming down as they finished, and Sherlock used his coat as a kind of canvas covering them. His lockpicking kit threw off the precarious balance of the coat above them, so he shifted it into the rucksack. Rosie settled down beside him, already sleepy from the exertions of the day.
“We are not the idiots here,” she said, and smiled up at him. He nodded once more and left the room.
Brigit directed another smile at John as she and Mrs. Perry turned and left the room. John heard the women whispering at each other, Mrs. Perry’s voice more of a hiss and Brigit’s a giggle. Belatedly he realized that Brigit had been flirting with him.
Sherlock snorted. The man was a liar too. “How old is your sister, ninety? They don’t do gold any more, not for years.”
“I do hope you are right, Mr. Holmes. Five million dollars! Think of the things I could acquire with those funds! My collection would be the envy of the world!”
He stumbled up to the fountain, heaving breath. He stared for a moment at the statue in the fountain, a nude woman holding a jug, which poured water into the pool. He wondered if he would ever feel that kind of serenity again.
“I’m sorry?” Sherlock stared at him, a flush staining his cheeks.
“Good. I can see the appeal now, John. Do you think Mrs. Hudson would be amenable to installing one at Baker Street?”
Sherlock ducked his head a bit. “I did a lot of clubbing while I was… during my early twenties.”
Eventually Sherlock made his way around the room and had arrived at John’s little display. “Hello, John,” he said as he walked up, his face neutral and unsmiling.
“Sorry,” he whispers, and leaves the theatre.
“But John-”
“I want that bath,” John ground out. He strode to the far end of the room and started the water pouring into the tub.
“Time!” Molly called.
“She’s toddling, so – yeah.”
John had not broken his gaze with Sherlock. They stared at each other as John took off his belt and unzipped his flies. With every passing moment Sherlock was getting harder, and for a brief second he wondered if he had misjudged, if he was about to be terribly embarrassed, but then John slid off his trousers and pants to reveal his own hard and heavy cock, bobbing in the air as John straightened.
John laughed. “Then Sherlock’s your man.”
The hotel is real - it's the Pelirocco Hotel in Brighton, though the bedroom and the bathroom are two different suites in reality.
“Yeah,” she said. “Keep eyes but don’t follow me please. He looks like he needs space.”
“I understand, Sherlock,” he said quietly. “If I were in your shoes, I would have taken the opportunity to try to get out too.”
“Extraordinary,” Commissioner Yun murmured. Sherlock shook himself internally and returned his attention to the present.
“True, I’m afraid,” the Commissioner said. “My work has never allowed me the time before. My grandfather used to tell me about the Balls he attended. And my mother met my father at one.”
The music was playing faster and faster, and they were spinning faster and faster, reaching the climax of the dance. Sherlock could see the people gathered around them, their expressions of awe, of disgust. He could see Tjinn’s face lined with worry, and Commissioner Yun’s face contorted with jealousy and anger, and Sherlock was laughing uncontrollably as the bead of sweat rolled down John’s grinning face.
Nine minutes.
[Video ends.]
“All right,” John said.
Suddenly, Sherlock saw car headlights reflected in her wide eyes, and crowded her into a dark alley. They crouched behind a skip, tense and wary, as the car passed. Sherlock recognized the car as the Audi belonging to one of the guards. The car passed out of sight, but Sherlock did not relax – this meant that John’s stalling efforts had come to an end, and the guards were patrolling the streets for them now. He shuddered to think of what was happening to John now.
“An unusual name,” John said, throwing the paper back at Holmes. “Mr. John Garridebs has his work cut out for him.”
“No teeth?”
Mycroft ignored the jab, infuriatingly. "Since you won't be there on the day, I thought I would give you your present now."
“What are you talking about?” John shouted.
“I’m a doctor, nothing else. Pavlović thought you might want to complete your recovery in a home rather than a military hospital. He asked me a favour.”
“Are you all right, John?”
Sherlock saw John flinch from the corner of his eye. He sat up straighter. “No.”
The only change was that every night, Rosie would shun the nest of his coat that he had made for her, and curl up against his chest. It was strange and alien to him, but he found himself comforted by her warmth.
One of the problems with being a time travelling historian was moments like this: trying to draw conclusions based solely upon the limited information the contemps would have, versus the whole picture that looking back on a moment in history gives you. John spoke carefully.
But there was something about Sherlock; as if he was constantly clothing himself in sackcloth and ashes and soot, and covered it over with a Spencer and Hart suit.
“Mr. Holmes?” Stamford called out.
“Lestrade, get some of your idiots over to Baker Street immediately,” Sherlock snapped into his mobile. “They let one of the forgers get away… yes, he’s here… yes, John has it under control. Get this moron out of our house.”
For a moment, it was perfect. The weight of Holmes in his arms, the softness of his lips against his, the puff of Holmes’ breath on his face.
“Hmmm. Probably the murderer used an airborne anaesthetic or poison to subdue or kill the victim, which would explain the lack of toxins in the blood. The question is, who subdued him, and did the same person remove the teeth?”
No one moved for a moment.
John was quiet for a moment, and Sherlock thought that he had retreated, until John spoke again. “And why always the classical music?”
Pavlović hold him against his will. He was Sherlock Holmes, and he would get out of this. He had to live – and save John.
after
“Have we looked to see if there’s anything apart from dirt in there?” John said. He was thinking of the tiny thread of silk that Sherlock had found during their first case in Victoria, leading them to the store that both sold silk scarves and was the centre of a cocaine smuggling ring.
“Yes?”
Gāisǐ de  = damn it
“Bushy?” Jenn said.
, and then you had to show up and drag me away!”
John pulled Sherlock into his arms and held him tight. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry. There’s just some things I can’t tell you right now. I’ll tell you everything when we’re safe away, in France. I promise. But for now, Sherlock, you must trust me.” He raised Sherlock up to standing, leaned his forehead against Sherlock’s, and looked deep into his eyes. “Do you trust me, Sherlock?”
“Bullshit.”
“I want to kiss your mouth. You taste so good.”
“-Friar Lawrence doesn’t come on until half way through Act II. However, he was also in the opening fight scene, disguised as one of the Montagues. He then has to change into his monk’s robes, so – not him, not enough time. Now perhaps Paris? That would be ironic, wouldn’t it? The intended groom finally getting his revenge upon the interloper? And he’s not on stage very much, only on stage with Romeo during the party scene – plenty of opportunity. However, I can safely eliminate him because he spends all his time backstage in dark corners with the Nurse. So we can exclude both of them as well.”
“Exactly, Watson. Here is Baker Street.”
One morning he woke, and his body felt like his own again. He put his feet on the cool of the linoleum floor and wiggled his toes. He stood and moved to the foot of the bed.  Using the footboard as a barre, he began his usual morning warmup –
He looked around him, the last of the annoyance of the day draining out of him and being replaced with a warm glow of happiness. He hadn’t been sure about moving back to Baker Street after Mary’s death. He hadn’t been sure about how Sherlock would deal with a baby about, with her noise and fretful moods.
“What’s the matter, love?” he says.
Greg sighed. Just
“You believe me to have overreacted,” he said.
“Don’t think we’re being followed, ain’t a blip that I can see.”
Jerome turned from the map with a huge smile. “I just remembered, High Park has a petting zoo. Goats and llamas and that.”
“Hey,” John said. He reached out and pulled Sherlock’s hands away. “It was worth it, okay? Worth it to know you and…” He stopped and swallowed hard. “At one point, they left me alone, got distracted with messages from Pavlović. And I was looking at all the screens with the surveillance cameras. Most of them were of the flat and the pavement outside, but one of them was moving, like a bodycam. And then I saw you.
“What about the detectin’? You told me how it started, but was that something you had wanted to do? Played games about it when you were a kid?”
One warm afternoon they were returning from doing the shopping, and Sherlock kept stopping and doing what John had now dubbed his ‘music hall’ gesture. This happened several times as they walked the short distance from Tesco, and Sherlock’s gestures became increasingly frantic and stroppy.
“Shh.” Sherlock felt the whisper of air, and John’s smile against his neck. “It was worth it, yeah? It was worth it, to know. Okay?”
When he returned to the sitting room, his torn trousers in hand, Mrs. Hudson was seated across from Sherlock, hearing the story of the three so-called Garridebs. Mrs. Hudson was a rapt and attentive audience, and Sherlock an excellent storyteller. As John entered, Sherlock said, “Ah, there you are, Doctor Watson. You haven’t yet had Mrs. Hudson’s mince pies, have you? They’re quite marvellous.” As Mrs. Hudson turned her back to pour the tea, Sherlock smiled softly at John in a way that heated him from the inside.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F9vttbubuHM&t=61s
Sweat was pearled across John’s forehead and upper lip, and the back of his vest was dark with sweat. John’s jaw was set with what seemed like anger, but there was release and joy in his face as well. His whole body expressed both rage and happiness at being able to voice himself fully, even if he was alone and far from his birthplace.
“Soldiers,” John replies.
JOHN:  Can’t get used to saying that. Anyway, so we had to cut short our tour of Alice in Wonderland in Europe because of this Corona-19 virus, and we arrived back in London…five days ago?
“Oh! Doctor Watson!” Holmes said. “I wondered why we haven’t run into each other before this. Have a look at this fellow, would you? It’s a very rare case of
She nodded eagerly.
Jim’s hand flashed down Sherlock’s collar and pulled off a tiny recording device taped to the wing of his shoulder blade.
“Sherlock,” John said, his eyes now serious. “I – I want you. I want to – to make love to you.”
“Lestrade,” Sherlock said. “Case.”
He tells me he was in the army, in Afghanistan, and was invalided out in 2010. He seems a bit embarrassed by this, like it was his fault he got shot and couldn’t keep going in the war.
“And did you close the window?”
Ignoring Pavlović’s look of shock, Sherlock strode quickly back towards the gate. He felt Mrs. Hudson’s fingers on his lapel, surprisingly strong, and he was pulled through the gates of the embassy, pulling Maja in behind him.
“I treated him a few years back,” John said. “Angina.”
Endless gratitude to my wonderful betas, who inspire and challenge me.
“Ah! There you are,” Pavlović said. Sherlock knew that he had been warned of their approach by his men, and wanted to snarl at the false jollity Pavlović was demonstrating. “Welcome to Belgrade. Good morning, Mr. Holmes, Doctor Watson, Mrs. Watson. I hope your journey was smooth?”
Sherlock closed his eyes briefly.
John blinked for a moment, then straightened in his chair, abandoning his notebook and facing Holmes dead on. “All right. You said I had been in Afghanistan.”
“How do you make it?”
“Holmes, where I come from, men and men love each other without resorting to the behaviours described in those papers. They may share a home together.” In John’s time gay couples could marry, of course, but he couldn’t push the point too far in this era. “Women and women too.” He saw Holmes’ eyes widen in surprise. “Relationships with younger men and boys are a very different thing, and is rightly looked down upon and condemned. And while there are people who prefer to dress as the other sex, that is not the same as being g – homosexual; it is simply – loving each other.”
“But do they have to look as though they’ve been through the Miranda Wars?”
“Fair enough.” John scratched his eyebrow. “I suppose I could – requalify for my medical certification, get a job at a clinic somewhere.”
Their movements slowed but they did not part, even for a second. Joy and lassitude mixed in John’s blood as they kissed, slower and more softly, and soon he fell into sleep, his lips still against Sherlock’s.
, and Sherlock could smell him, and John’s hands were on the edge of the bed, right by Sherlock’s knees, and his thumbs were brushing the material of his trousers. Sherlock’s mind was a riot of noise and confusion and John’s smell.
“Very much all right,” John panted. He opened his eyes and stroked Sherlock’s hair with a hand that had no strength. “I ain’t never come that fast since the very first time I was with a girl, and I was fifteen. That was amazin’.”
Thirty years after the Miranda Wars, there is peace, both on the Rim and the Core planets. There are a number of old social mores still in place, such as the Order of Companions, but there is a sense that even such respected practices are coming to an end…
“Have you ever liked a client? Like, enough to, I don’t know, say, I don’t want your money?”
“Yes.”
He wiped his mouth as he heard the banging on the door, Mrs. Hudson’s outraged and shrill voice. Sherlock stood, and put on his coat and scarf.
Jim placed his teacup back on the tray. “I’ve had Companions before, of course. Very talented, very capable. But the satisfaction was only temporary, and merely – pardon me for being crude – sexual.”
Nothing happened for a moment, the theatre silent. She screamed again: “
“Yes, sir.”
They left the shed. John noted that there were far fewer actors in the backstage area; the play must be at its climax, or near the end. He followed Sherlock/Victor deeper in the woods behind the stage with no discernable footpath, the dialogue from the play clear and distinct in the still woods. They were far enough for John to start looking behind him nervously when Sherlock/Victor pointed and said, “Look, there!”
“So I understand,” John said. He glanced over at Holmes and Martin, wanting to hear their conversation.
And Sherlock revelled in the gift of John in his arms, of John falling asleep in his arms. In time, Sherlock fell into sleep as well, secure and happy, as the food cooled behind him.
“Yeah – want to share the toffee cake?”
“No, it-”
, he thought.
wǒ de tiān a = Oh my God (literally "Oh my sky")
“The victims had had all their teeth removed.”
By the time Holmes was finished and unpacked, he had taken over much of the sitting room and parlour. John was glad he only had his valise; there wouldn’t have been room if he had brought anything else.
He turned towards Holmes and Martin, to see Holmes facing him with an inscrutable look on his face. “When you’re quite ready, Doctor,” he said flatly, “would you like to join us while I show Inspector Martin the letters?”
The vidder sounded again. Sherlock wondered briefly if it might be John, now released from prison and wanting to talk about the case, but instead it was Tjinn’s face on the screen.
“Yes, love. Mr. Cubitt’s love for his wife was obvious, and it is what drove him to bring the letters all the way to London to you.”
“Yes, thank you, give me a hand with this buckle, will you, there’s a good man,” Holmes said. The cabbie stepped to Holmes and bent over the valise.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, putting his arms around John at last.
“That’s obvious,” Sherlock said, mirroring Jim’s smile.
“No, wait,” John said. The sight of Sherlock’s neck - pale and long with a few scattered freckles - had dazzled him. After weeks of seeing Sherlock covered from nape to heel in layers and layers of tweed and wool, just these few undone buttons were more intimate and naked than John could bear. He gave in and buried his face in Sherlock’s throat, kissing and lapping at his neck and feeling Sherlock’s pulse quicken under his tongue. Sherlock groaned, a buzz that vibrated up through John’s mouth and through the rest of his body.
“I knew you were
Sherlock leaned back in his chair and spent a moment scanning them.
“An overdose is quite impossible,” Holmes said. “I do not forget that you are a medical man, but you forget that I am a chemist.”
He opened the door to reveal a huge room, cozy with carpets and wooden tables and comfortable chairs. Sherlock couldn’t help his jaw dropping at the sight – the room was lined from  floor to ceiling with shelves of books. Ladders arched up to allow access to the highest shelves. At the far side of the room, he could see a man sorting through a large pile of books; the man glanced at Jim and Sherlock, and discreetly left through a hidden door.
“The letters, Holmes?” John whispered.
Time passed. It was hard to tell how much time, with no clocks in the room. There was no external window to see the passage of sunlight. All he could see through the tiny window on the door was the peak of the soldier’s hat, which only moved for a few seconds at a time, so he couldn’t even tell when a shift was changing.
“John?”
“Let me know if you hear from Dunworthy? And ask him to ring me?”
“Yes, but-”
Sherlock fiddled a moment more with the device. “It’s a recorder too. I make notes for the conductor and send it as an MP3. Here we go.”
He danced the third act with the chip in his slipper. Privately he was laughing to himself the whole time, at the thought of an audience full of the hoi polloi of Serbia, and he had a chip with god knows what state secrets in his shoe.
“Don’t think of that,” he said. “Remember, if you assault him, they might have to dismiss the charges on a technicality. I’m not 100% familiar with Canadian law yet, but I’m fairly sure the coppers wouldn’t look kindly on you beating the hell out of their suspect. The case is already on shaky ground because Jerome didn’t call them right away.”
“Sherlock?” he said.
John considered heading after him for a moment, then realized that it was likely fruitless. When Sherlock wanted to go, there was no stopping him, especially when he had a few minutes’ head start. Then he realized that everyone was looking at him expectantly: Reynolds, the lab-coated young woman, Lestrade – even Donovan. The world’s only consulting detective was gone, and all that was left was the world’s only doctor/soldier/blogger/detective’s assistant, and it was up to him now.
“He didn’t say,” John said. “I’d like to examine you, if that’s all right, after breakfast. Make sure you’re all right.”
“When. When we get out of here.”
The room was filled with samples of minerals, glittering in the bright light of the room. John could imagine children running from display to display, gazing at the jewel-like formations and talking of pirate treasure. One corner of the room was roped off, and glass littered the floor.
He led them deftly between ships large and small. “I left her at one of the out-of-the-way ports - a little more private. Most of these ships are tryin’ to be seen, tryin’ to get cargo or passengers. I figured that wasn’t our aim.”
“Excellent,” Holmes crowed. “I’ll just have the driver bring my things up.” And he dashed back down the stairs, leaving John and Mrs. Hudson to gaze at each other in wonder.
John had to go down to Mrs Hudson’s flat to deliver some mail and talk about a few things, but took a great deal longer than Sherlock had expected. He went down to investigate and found them, not locked in mortal combat with an intruder, but sat in front of the television watching a show that seemed to have something to do with baking.
“She’s here to see John,” Sherlock says.
He sees my look, and smiles. “I’m not married,” he says. “I was, but…”
“Of course, John,” Sherlock said, and it really was all right, it was the truth. “I think - I need some time anyway to – assimilate the information.”
“Don’t wash the clothes. They have to look… lived in.”
Holmes’ breathing was rabbit-quick, his eyes wide and frightened, and wet. John had never seen Holmes like this, never seen him with his mental defenses down, his emotions flayed and laid open for John to see. Holmes was frightened for him. Holmes was frightened for
Sherlock learned that the tiny office had been accorded to John as the leader and medic of the group, but when Sherlock and Rosie had arrived, another cot had been squeezed in at John’s insistence. So at night John would lay down on the cot next to Sherlock’s and sleep, close enough that Sherlock could hear him breathe. Sherlock could nearly imagine that they were on a case, in a small hotel with meagre accommodation; this image was broken by Rosie, who would patter back and forth between them through the night, clearly torn by whose comfort she wanted most.
Sherlock’s brow knotted. “That’s odd.”
– that my methods are superior to their bumbling efforts,” Holmes said, his eyes wide and glittering.
Then he set to putting Sherlock back together.
“It was awful,” Juliet said. “The way he was shaking. And then Lexie came and stuck her fingers down his throat. Now I’ve got
“Ugh. How tawdry.”
The rules were set. There would be three challenges, over three weekends, barring urgent cases (in which case the challenge would be rescheduled, not cancelled). Mrs Hudson, being the one most familiar with the show, would be head judge and would set the challenges. Mrs Turner, Molly Hooper, and Greg (“Who?”) Lestrade would round out the judging team.  (Nobody dared suggest Mycroft as another judge in front of Sherlock.) There was discussion of each of them working in separate kitchens, but as Mrs Hudson’s kitchen was far better stocked than theirs, that would give a definite advantage. It was decided that they would both work in the kitchen of flat B, with duplicates of equipment donated by Mrs Hudson and Mrs Turner. The results would be judged blind, so the doors to the kitchen would be closed until the finished product was presented.
“Well, of course, I’d be pleased to show you our hospital!” Dr. Stamford said.
Sherlock laid down the paper, and pressed his hands together in front of his face. “I see,” he said. “A tragic situation, to be sure. What do you feel will come of this?”
“I’m afraid many would say that at least the latter is still true.”
John grinned. “Already started one. In the bathroom, out of towels. Which reminds me, can I borrow one from yours?”
“Nonsense, Sherlock, you are my guest.” Jim nodded at the servant. “Thank you, Alphonse, that’s all for now.”
The final challenge fell on Christmas Eve, and Mrs Hudson had decorated the flat with fairy lights and tinsel and greenery. John and Sherlock stood side by side again, as though on parade rest in front of the judges. They were both repressing smiles, trying to keep a multitude of secrets inside them.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock,” John said.
“Shall I pinch you?”
Then the next day. And the next. All blending into each other like a terrible nightmare of banality.
“And Mr. Holmes’s lock picking kit?”
The gates clanged shut behind them. Sherlock was carried along in the tide of the reporters and diplomats through the courtyard and into the doors of the embassy itself. He was dimly aware of questions being shouted at them; he answered without thinking, mostly “Yes” and “Glad to be home”. All the while, Mrs. Hudson was beside him, never letting go of him, a bundle of material of his jacket crammed in her fist.
“Oh!” Sherlock said in recognition. “
Sherlock went home. He waited for three days. He cleaned up his work but did not review his notes again. He sat in his sitting room, his hands steepled in front of his lips, thinking and staring into the fire.
. Until you inevitably destroy your knees or your hips, then I suppose the salt mines.” She turned to look at him, her eyes wide and sad. “I can’t let that happen to you.”
“Not you. Not yet. I mean, not you. Not not you. Not him.”
“Mmm?”
“Don’t you start.”
“I’m not,” said Mr. Dunworthy. “I need you on this one, John.”
He heard the squeak of the floorboards in his and Rosie’s room upstairs. The baby monitor was on, and Sherlock was murmuring to her.
“They’re fine,” John said, smiling at Mrs. Hudson. “The upper room is fine.”
He saw her soften, relax – perfect. “That’s my favourite opera.”
“I read the agony columns and the crime section, John,” Sherlock said. “Everything else is just gossip.”
“Are you kidding?” Jerome said. “I bring my nephews every summer, it’s always sold out, packed solid.”
John’s body was littered with scars large and small, and freckles, and fine blonde hair on his legs and chest and groin. His cock jutted out, hard and flushed with blood. Sherlock felt a throb between his own legs, and then John touched him and he groaned.
John loved the way Sherlock said his name, as though it was a secret that only they shared. “We shall call each other ‘Watson’ and ‘Holmes’ when the door is open,” he said, “and ‘John’ and ‘Sherlock’ when the door is shut.”
Nothing but a loud, impotent click.
John heard Holmes hiss a disappointed sigh.
“What?”
Sherlock is both keyed up and exhausted, the two emotions mixing like oil and water in his veins – no, like magnesium and carbon dioxide, creating sparks and black smoke everywhere. His hands still shake from adrenaline, and they hurt.
“Pah!” Pavlović spat, his face contorting. “Your rights! You actually think you have rights here?”
John looked up at Sherlock as though he were dreaming. “I lost track of the days – I forgot.”
Every night, Rosie asked to see the picture of her daddy to say goodnight. Despite his worry about the decreasing power on his phone, he could not deny her this single comfort. One night, after Rosie was asleep, he gave into his own weakness and gazed at John’s picture for several minutes, until he saw the percentage of power drop by one, and he shut it off in horror and self-recrimination for his selfishness.
“I realized how I had come to depend on you. Not just for The Work but for everything. To make me eat, to make me sleep, to ensure that my body didn’t collapse. To – to make me smile. Laugh. It became my driving force, my motivation while I was away – to return to you, to our life here. And I came back and I could tell that – not only was there Mary, but your eyes told me of the pain you had been in while I was away. I didn’t think of that – I didn’t know – I-”
Sweat was pouring off him, and his left ankle hurt, and his rotator cuff on his shoulder was wrested when he did a leap that spun him sideways, but it was all glorious. Sherlock was dimly aware that he was dancing like he had never done before, in a style he never knew he was capable of.
Be honest with yourself, Sherlock.
Sherlock was pleased to learn that his initial deduction about Millie had been correct, despite his poor state of mind and health at the time. She was a caterer, and had been on her way to a consultation for a wedding when the bomb had struck. “When we first realized that food was going to be a problem, I put my hand up,” she said. “I’m good at making a little stretch out a lot, like. Comes in handy now, I must say.”
Sherlock was silent for enough time to let John think he was going to leave it at that, but then Sherlock began to speak, so softly that John had to lean forward to hear. “When I was away – I was in Serbia, I had traced the last of Moriarty’s influence there. I was trying to escape capture. There was a forest, a thick forest, and it was night, and I thought I could get away by running into it. I was running and running, and I was exhausted but I knew if they caught me it would mean torture and possibly death. And as I ran, I tried to keep myself from giving up by thinking about – here, about home. Coming home.”
Holmes’ face flickered and then returned to its usual stern lines. “Unfortunate indeed.”
Sherlock looked up at John, half shy, half pleading. “John – I want – I want to see all of you. Is that all right?”
Her finger tapped on the picture of Rosie. “I think your specialty is portraits, however. This is your daughter?”
Mycroft took the Director’s proffered hand and shook it warmly. “And you, Dr. Bell. You’re well?”
Nǐnhǎo = Hello (quite formal)
“Oh. No. No, Sherlock. I’m sorry, there’s so much…” John’s voice went harder, more determined. “We’re still getting out. From here.”
“Oh, Sherlock, that’s – that’s lovely.” John smiled at Sherlock, his face lit up as bright as all the stars Sherlock had ever seen. “Sherlock, listen. I do too, yeah? Everything you said, I do too. Okay?”
Sherlock appeared in the window and mouthed, “What?”
Sherlock looked at him for a long moment, then whipped away and resumed his frantic pacing. “I came to the art show tonight as an experiment,” Sherlock said. “I wanted to see if I could deduce from the picture as well as I do from life. The experiment, I thought, was a success. I looked at every single picture tonight, John. For each one I was able to deduce from them the details of the subject’s life, as if I was meeting them in person. I could even tell something about the artists themselves, which I confirmed with a look at them.”
“Are you-”
“Who else?” John said as he got their bags from the boot.
Jerome had no idea of this history, of course, and immediately leaned over the table of earth.
John cocked his head, clearly genuinely confused. “My shoes?”
“I’ll just add it a bit at a time, tasting as I go.”
“Watson asleep already? Anything on, I’m hungry,” Sherlock said, and for once John was grateful for Sherlock’s tendency to make a left turn in conversation. The Belstaff was whirled off and on the hook before John could blink.
Sherlock barely heard John’s whispered stream of expletives as he nuzzled his thighs, his hips, his belly. He admired that John was able to maintain his awareness of their situation, with the guard nearby.
You know perfectly well why.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You are such a hack. I can’t believe they let you on stage.”
Sherlock’s startled but icy glare sucked nearly all the air out of the room. “What?”
“Yeah, I-” John found himself transfixed by the sight of droplets of water darkening Sherlock’s dressing gown.
Sherlock began to stretch out his muscles, now that they were warmed. “Did you receive any training? For your dancing?”
“Nonetheless,” Holmes said calmly, “perhaps I could see the room where it happened. I also have some evidence which might change the outlook of the case – if I may.”
“Yes, yes,” Holmes said, waving a hand distractedly.
“Toldja.”
“Apologies, John,” Mycroft said, and John could hear a ribbon of worry and stress under the smooth cadence of his voice. “I was in a difficult point in negotiations, and found it difficult to get away. What is his status?”
“No, the, um, octopus did it.”
“Sure, but I thought - you’re taller.”
“Can you what?”
Sherlock looked up from his study of the corpse. To his surprise, it was snowing, which meant that vital evidence would be eradicated unless he hurried.
“Show me.”
He looked down at the dirt road, and saw tyre tracks imprinted in the dry earth. Of course, if John Watson was a doctor, he would often need supplies, or get out to meet a patient, so he must have…
(See the end of the chapter for
“Not yet. Not yet.”
“Daddy!” Rosie screamed. Sherlock let his arms relax, and Rosie flew out of his arms and into John’s. John held her close but didn’t stop staring at Sherlock, his face pale and wet, his jaw fallen open.
“No.” Holmes turned to John, and his eyes were dancing. “
“Yes, of course,” said Sherlock. “They didn’t hurt me.”
“Oh my
John’s eyes went soft. “And you are mine,” he said. “And our next miracle, God willing, will be in our bed.”
The room fell silent, and everyone heard T.J. say with a sigh, “Yes.”
Sherlock glanced once more at John, watching to see if he would go for a concealed gun with his now free hand. But he saw no movement, not even the twitch of a muscle preparing for quick movement.
“Six weeks,” John said. He threw himself into a chair. “
John’s lips thin as they press together, and he nods, once, crisply.
“Just us,” John rasped.
“Why? What have you heard?”
Sherlock licked his lips, forced his vocal cords to work. “I say I failed you because… there is nothing I wouldn’t do for you, John. For you and for Rosie. I tried to protect her because she’s a part of you, and,” and the words started spilling out of him, released at last, “I don’t know what this is supposed to feel like but I’d do anything for you, just to know you’re alive, and I’m so glad you’re alive, John.”
Sherlock blinked, and he realized he didn’t need to say a word – the answer was written all over his face.
“Where did you live when you were last in London?” Mrs. Hudson asked.
For those who haven't read the Willis books with the time travel concept, Ishiwaka is a time travel expert who built the theories about the space-time continuum and how to keep it consistent with the technology. Dunworthy, Bahdri, Lassiter, and Finch are also Connie Willis characters.
John wasn’t sure how long they kissed. It felt so perfect, so right, with Holmes – Sherlock – in his arms. Sometimes he would wonder if he was having a wonderfully detailed dream, then Sherlock would sigh and shift a little in John’s arms, and John happily knew he was awake. They explored the art of kissing; Sherlock at first unsure and hesitant in a way that made John’s heart swell, then he rapidly learned so well that he made John’s eyes roll into the back of his head. When John carefully ran the tip of his tongue along the seam of Sherlock’s lips, seeking entrance, Sherlock gasped softly and pulled away to stare at John in amazement.
They were at the pond, and paused to look at the ducks for a moment. John was surprised at his own emotion on the issue. Were his instincts telling him that Holmes was a significant influence in this era, and that it was important to dissuade him from a habit that might negatively affect that influence? Or did he simply just-
“Yes. I – yes.”
Dear Mrs. Hudson, who knew him probably better than anyone on earth, knew that the situation was not as it appeared. Perhaps she saw the pain in the line of his lips, or saw the tension in the arms that still held him.
“Just in the props storage shed,” Bantam said, pointing back towards the amphitheatre. “About ten feet back from the stage, on the stage right side.”
There was a bit of noise and confusion for a few minutes, as several men came into the room and attempted to lift the heavy body of the squire with as much dignity as possible. Martin had taken charge of the proceedings, and so John was the only one who noticed Holmes cross over to the window Cubitt had been facing and examining it carefully.
John felt a smile twitch across his face, but suppressed it. “And how did you know he was lying?”
“That’s the communication panel you’re sittin’ at,” John said, indicating the screen in front of Sherlock. “Press that black button – no, the one right next to the screen.”
She shrugged. “You took me to the art gallery and bought me lunch.” She laughed softly. “It was a nice day, wasn’t it?”
The ghostly gas lamps fail at twenty feet.
“Sherlock?” Jim’s face filled the vidder screen.
“When you two are quite finished,” Sherlock says, “we’d like to take you to dinner, if we could.”
“Mrs. Hudson told me rather sternly I should buy you flowers and chocolates and… clothes.”
“How did you know?” I say after a while.
“Hold on, pass me my jimjams,” I say.
“Hailing cargo ship Baker, urgent,” said the voice. “Captain Watson, please respond immediately.”
“No matter. Good you’re back in England, yes? And your wound has healed nicely - left shoulder, was it? But never mind that, I see you are looking for lodgings. It so happens I am looking for a level-minded fellow to share rooms with - we can look at the place tomorrow at ten. You mustn’t mind my occasional quiet moods, nor my playing the violin whilst I think, nor my odd hours. 221B Baker Street, in Westminster. And now you must excuse me, I have an experiment running in the laboratory as well, and I must return to check on its results. Ten tomorrow, Dr. Watson, until then. Good day, Stamford.”
SHERLOCK: One of the many things we must make do with, for the duration.
John shuffled his feet. “Tellin’ the truth, I’m relieved you’re not an actor. From what I understand, actors get themselves into all kinds of trouble.”
John pulled Sherlock up and kissed him, his hand sliding down Sherlock’s flank. “Well, that’s kindly of you. And of course I’d be happy to learn each of those ways and try them on you.”
“You-”
Another moment passed, and John said, “You all right?”
“Who? And what the hell are you doin’?”
“Well. Second favourite.”
Molly was half watching the children on stage, flubbing their lines and staring wide-eyed at the audience, and half watching Sherlock. His focus was clearly on Rosie, and Rosie alone.
“By whom?”
More evidence of survivors could be seen in the park: small huddled groups of ragged looking people, and fires dotting the landscape, the flames clear through the murky air. Plenty of trees had fallen in the initial blast, so it was no trouble fetching firewood. Still uneasy after the encounter with the woman and the voices he’d heard in the night, he found an area that was out of sight of any of the other camps, and created a space that was protected and yet camouflaged with tree branches. Close up, it was obviously a shelter but from a distance it simply looked like a pile of debris.
Then something popped, and the screaming started from behind them. Sherlock stared at John for a moment more, then they began to run back towards the screaming.
John ate quickly, methodically, his eyes darting between the window, the bookshelf where the camera had been hidden, the door. Sherlock found himself wanting to say, ‘
“Well then.” Sherlock began to clean the wound, quickly and efficiently. “You were a medic in the New Alliance Force?”
Everyone in the room froze.
As I fall asleep, I finally realize that I’ve found a place big enough for all of it.
“He’s said it, time and time again. Not gay, not my date. So thank you for your concern, but-”
“We’re going to create a ballet. A new one.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes, partly out of habit and partly in bravado.
[As Sherlock watches, it’s obvious he’s seen this trick before, but not so often that he’s used to it; his face is a mix of nervousness and awe, then admiration.]
Neither of them saw it coming.
He followed John back to the choir stalls of the church, which served as the infirmary. John pulled him by the sleeve until they arrived at the bedside of one man, his clothes tattered and filthy. He stared at John and Sherlock with wide, uncomprehending eyes.
When he straightened again, Sherlock’s eyes were closed, but opened immediately. “I used a new body wash with lavender oils. It seems to have a soporific effect, doesn’t it, Watson?”
The next morning, Sherlock found a folded note in his bathroom sink. Away from the cameras, he read,
“Your clothes are filthy! Did you roll around in an alleyway somewhere?”
“Yes. But – I just – I want-”
“I promise,” Sherlock said, and stood.
Rosie stood on a chair, an apron wrapped twice around her, stirring at an enormous bowl. Her tongue was stuck out in concentration, a miniature version of her father's.
all over my dress.”
“Your shoulder. You hold it stiffly when you walk. Less so when you dance, so the injury was more than just getting grazed.”
“I hope you’re right, Doctor Watson. Thank you.” Cubitt looked inward for a moment. “My poor Elsie. I’d do anything to keep her from harm, or even the slightest inconvenience.” Cubitt looked up at John. “You’re not a married man, sir?”
“Are they
“I’m grateful you’ve made time in your schedule for me,” she said, then faltered. “Ahm… I’ve not… how does…”
“What is?” John said, confusion knotting his forehead.
“And trying to pull his wife through the window,” Holmes added.
Slade stared at Holmes. “How did you know that, sir?” he said.
“I’m calling to tell you that Chancellor Tang has been transferred to the rebuild on Whitefall. He will be sending – oh, I see they’ve arrived.”
in, you lanky git.”
With an effort, he pushed his thoughts away from John.
Attuned to catch the distant view-halloo:
, John thought, and he shouted, “Holmes!”
“Yup. Cameras in your bedroom?”
“I think he’s waking up, Daddy.”
Edit: I've been told the hover function doesn't work on mobile, so I've added the translations into the End Notes.
I keep meaning to call Claire. She’d probably say something acerbic that would put all of this into perspective for me. The only time I remember is as I’m falling asleep, which is of course too late to call. Maybe I should put an alarm on my phone. She’ll be pissed as hell at everything I’ve been up to and not telling her. Well, maybe she should call me sometimes, has she ever considered that?
“Quite late, I hope I didn’t wake you.”
“I don’t know how to keep you,” John said. His smile became a brief flicker which died again. “Meetin’ you – ever since I met you I’ve been amazed every time I see you, every time you want to talk to me. And yesterday was – more than I’d ever hoped for. You said – you said love, but - I think of the life you’re used to, with the parties, and all those rich people, and I don’t know how you could-”
“The basic rule of physics. I know it too. And… I think I believed in it a bit too much. It made me afraid. Afraid to take action, for fear of the reaction. The opposite reaction.”
[Without missing a beat, John runs at the bare wall opposite the mirrors, using his momentum to run up the wall two paces, then flips in midair and lands on his feet.]
“That said, may I walk you home? And that’s not me walking you home to try to talk you into this, it’s just me wanting you home safe. This neighbourhood is a bit dodgey sometimes.”
They learned that Beethoven was the best for covering their voices at the studio. Bach was good as well, but John didn’t know the music as well as Sherlock, and would not be prepared for the
Rosie was relaxing against him, her little hands no longer grasping at his clothes in a monkey-panic-grip; she was full and safe and that was good. He felt her getting heavy with sleep, and sleep was pulling at him as well.
just sit down.”
Nǐ hǎo = hello
“What happened?” he said.
Evans, formerly known to them as John Garrideb, entered the room. He took no efforts to move quickly or quietly, clearly confident in the knowledge that he was alone. He strode up to a desk that was in the corner of the room and pushed it out of the way. The carpet underneath was efficiently rolled back to reveal a trap door.
. “She’s had a good long life, as a Companion and then as a teacher.”
Sherlock only had a few minutes to worry about this unprecedented change in the routine of flat to studio, studio to flat. When the car pulled up to the back entrance of the National Theatre, he tried to disguise his sigh of relief. Of course; if he was supposed to perform in two days, he would have to visit the theatre again.
“John. I-” Sherlock stumbled momentarily, momentarily struck dumb at John’s haggard appearance. “I heard you were-”
What the hell is going on?
Today's prompt was 'wind'. I chose to go with the other meaning.
Mycroft had quickly recovered and schooled his face into his usual placidity. “How quaint. That said, however, I still insist you consider your reputation. If word gets around that your standards are lowering-”
“Wool was a staple then, before syntho-fabrics,” Dunworthy said. “And you’ll need the warmth, April 1895 was still quite damp and cold, and no central heating, remember.”
“Who, Frankland?”
“No. Pavlović probably heard the recording and thought you two were going to try to kill each other. The poker John took from the fireplace last night, you see. When you pushed him, and he took it as protection. Pavlović was likely coming to call the whole thing off. He’s probably working John over right now, you know.” She said it so casually, so matter of fact, and Sherlock shuddered inwardly. “And it’s time to end this whole debacle. So. The name of your contact here, please.”
“Slides?” Rosie said hopefully.
“Which candle?” Holmes said.
“Yes. And no. I’ve come to… try to show them something.”
Sherlock allowed himself to relax a little as the Commissioner headed towards the banquet table. He looked over the crowd, noting familiar faces. He could see a few of his clients swirling on the dance floor; he could also see people whispering and pointing, subtly behind hands or fans. He was used to this kind of attention and generally paid it no notice, but now he wondered: were they were talking about his fame as a Companion, or of his recent appearance on the newsvidders about the murder at the theatre? Either way, he didn’t care – people will talk.
He took Sherlock’s cock in hand, groaning himself at the feel of it, the hardness and silkiness of it, and at the feel of Sherlock’s response. Sherlock was leaking so much that John needed no further lubrication, and began to stroke. Sherlock jerked in his arms, his fingertips stuttering across John’s skin. John realized that Sherlock was close, so close; understandable if this was his first sexual experience with another person. He wondered if he should slow down, try to draw out the sensations for Sherlock, but then Sherlock’s eyes flew open as if in shock, his body froze, and then he was coming, spurting out over John’s hand and belly.
“Thursday.” John sighed. “I wish I still had my gun.”
“Yeah, but do you like her like her?”
"Rosie's helping me with my Christmas cakes, aren't you dear?"
John blinked at her. “But – he’s not a professional model. That’s my flatmate.”
“There, I think-”
He left the stage and walked to his dressing room. The hallways were lined with eager fans, waiting to congratulate him on his performance. But as he passed, their faces froze from excited anticipation to shock to horror. Silence surrounded him, embarrassed and awkward.
I cannot possibly give him what he needs. I’ve always known that. SH
John’s brows rose in confusion. “Repairs?”
. John meant Prokuplje, but
But I’ve done enough head-banging-against-the-wall for one lifetime, thanks very much. Over dessert, I decide that the best course of action is to get out of the way and let these two idiots figure it out, somehow. It means I won’t get laid, but it seems like a worthy sacrifice.
Sherlock’s hearing yawned into a humming noise that hurt. In the droning silence, he and John stared at each other.
“I was so angry, at first, then I saw that there was writing, and – can you refold it? I tried but-”
“And what precisely is it that you think I said?” Sherlock said in his snottiest, poshest tone.
He gently pressed the champagne back at her. “I’ll be there in a moment, darling,” he murmured. “Give me a minute – I’m gasping for a cigarette.”
The General stared, nodding.
Sherlock frowned at the screen; he’d dialled correctly, but instead of Lestrade’s tired face he saw a stranger, his face sharp with irritation.
In other words, no reason to trust either of them.
“Haven’t – had a valet in – years,” Sherlock said, small gasps interrupting him.
Sure enough, about an hour later, Sherlock rushed back into consciousness. Oddly, his only word upon waking was, “
“Stop stomping, John, you’re distracting me,” Bahdri said.
He took one shaky breath into his lungs, ignoring the stale air and dust he inhaled with it. Another. And another. He forced his mind to shift away from the emotional, away, away
“Look, it’s a fair assumption, we’re friends, very close friends. But-”
“Oh yeah, few times. Beautiful city; maybe a bit bigger than Persephone. Lots of tall buildings of glass and platinum, reaching up, high class hotels and restaurants – all sorts of places I wasn’t allowed. Your turn now. How’d you get into the police business?”
Mrs. Hudson bustled in from a side door which separated the sitting room from the rest of Sherlock’s living quarters. “The Admiral’s gone already? That wasn’t long.”
It was late evening, and the fire had burnt down to its embers, glowing orange and white in the gloom of the sitting room. Holmes was smoking a pipe, filling the room with aromatic smoke, looking through his notes from the case.
He was able to maintain his straight face as they arrived at the studio and as he was escorted up the stairs. His heart did a double beat when he saw John there, standing at the window, leaning on his cane. John turned when he came in, and Sherlock could see that he, too, was having difficulty keeping the relief from his face.
John touched his fingertips against Sherlock’s hand, wrapped around his coffee cup. The warmth of the liquid radiated through Sherlock’s hand. He heard his own voice in his mind, from so long ago, saying ‘Not actually a machine.’
Check out this amazing art by khorazir of the At-tine! This was commissioned by addictedstilltheaddict for Fandom Trumps Hate.
He shoved the tablet back into Lestrade’s hands.
“Okay. Good,” Sherlock said absently.
“’Sometimes’?”
“I suppose,” Sherlock said reluctantly. “I know it doesn’t make sense, but-”
“Dirty,” she proclaimed.
“Oh yes, several years. I rented a shuttle on a ship, a lovely ship. Serenity, it was called - isn’t that a beautiful name for a ship?”
John smiled and stroked Sherlock’s wet hair away from his face. “You. You, laughing. Me. You and me, together. On this bed, naked. It’s a fucking miracle, Sherlock.”
“You are not.”
“I’m sorry – I’m sorry,” Sherlock panted. “I didn’t-”
My phone vibrates. I surreptitiously look down. He doesn’t notice.
“No, sir, I don’t think he did. Well, Mr. Holmes and Doctor Watson came in, and it went very well, and an arrest was made this morning.”
“Fifteen minutes!” Molly called from the lounge.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Ah. Well. Yes.”
“The baby?” he said, quiet and small.
He sighed. This wasn’t the script he had planned for her, and she was a new and important client. But the case was calling him too, and a murder had been attempted in front of hundreds of people.
“I’ll play what I want, when I want,” he snapped.
Then Toby lowered his hand, the curtain peeled back, and Sherlock stepped through. A bright spotlight hit his chest, and the thunderous noise from the audience crescendoed. Sherlock stood for a moment, allowing the drug of adulation and admiration to soak into his pores, then he bowed humbly.
“Yes.”
“I lost the phone, remember? I’m sorry, I lost it.”
Holmes’ room was in stark contrast to the rest of the flat. John had become accustomed to the clutter of paper, tools, scientific equipment, and a million other things around the lounge and sitting room, but Holmes’ bedroom was neat as a pin. There was a framed document in Japanese on one wall, clearly in a place of honour. The bed was made up as neatly as an army man’s would be. John wondered at it all, and made a mental note to ask Holmes about it later. He pulled the valise down and returned to the lounge.
I don’t want to fuck with anyone who also wants to fuck me over.  Anyone who will fuck my pussy then fuck with my head. Done with that. Thank you.
“I lost my vidder privileges for a week. And my eyebrows.”
“Thursday.”
“Mr. Bantam!” he called, shifting into a half-jog that looked a bit more like ‘trying to catch up’. “Mr. Bantam, may I have a word? I’m from the National Theatre in London.”
Not just the case. Not really about the case at all. He talks about how Sherlock solved the case.
Xiānshēng = Mister
Sherlock ran his hands over the gauzy blue fabric of the Arabian style loose pants, a gold belt sitting low on his hips. “Bob is a brilliant designer.”
They worked their way around the room, chatting and shaking hands. Inside, Sherlock felt his mind slipping back to the problem. He could see the threads connecting the cases, an organizing factor behind a wide variety of crimes, like strings on a puppet, but how to name the puppeteer? He should ask Lestrade for case files for some high profile crimes that Sherlock had not been involved in; perhaps the theft of gold bars from the Persephone Bank two years ago –
John laughed, without humour. “Really?” he said, his voice hard. “’Cause I feel like a complete piece of shit right now.”
John had been with Sherlock long enough to shrug off most of his strange behavior. This wasn’t anything to worry about medically, so John simply made a cup of tea and enjoyed the impromptu concert in his sitting room.
He gestured to his right, and Sherlock looked through to a separate bedroom, also large and opulent, with his bags sitting on the bed. The driver walked through to the opposite side of the flat, where there was another bedroom, and deposited John and Maja’s somewhat shabbier bags on the bed there. Sherlock raised his eyebrows – so that was the sleeping arrangements, then. John was to watch over him, day and night.
“It was an exercise, no more,” Sherlock said. “Of course I-”
“A challenging search, indeed,” Holmes said. “Well, I think I have a few means at my disposal that may assist you in your quest. I shall be in touch regularly.” He stood, and Garrideb and John followed. “By the way, Mr. Garrideb, perhaps you should know a colleague and correspondent of mine from Topeka – a Dr. Lysander Starr?”
Holmes interrupted his gaze out the window of the train and fixed John with a glare. “Fascinating? What an unusual perspective, Watson. My client is dead – I couldn’t save him in time.”
“Captain Watson, please respond immediately. If you do not respond I will send five New Alliance cruisers to pursue you, and they can outrun you, have no doubt.”
John’s voice went hard. “That wasn’t a little spider, he was at least an inch around. And I’ve seen spiders in Kandahar the size of your big fluffy head. Heard a big American marine scream like he was twelve.”
“One night, at dinner, my parents were talking about a cousin who was getting married. And I said – I was very young, you see, Watson. I said, in complete innocence, that when I grew up, I would marry Victor.
Sherlock looked at her, surprised. “Do you?”
“Gregson is so tiresome,” Sherlock said. He took off his gloves but had still not taken his eyes from John’s sketchbook.  In a voice that sounded uncharacteristically tentative and confused, Sherlock said, “John, are you… drawing?”
“How many?”
“My goodness, you’re looking very flushed – Luke, was it? You need cooling down.” I pick up my wine glass. “Good thing I had the white.”
you knew already what to do didn’t you?”
“It’s an exchange,” Sherlock breathed.
Evans’ head popped up out of the hole, his face already contorting from surprise into anger. “Well, Mr. Holmes, you have found me out,” he snarled.
as he waiting for John to sort his thoughts.  “Right. We need to get you out before that.”
“How, pray tell? I’m anxious to hear.” Jim’s voice dripped with sarcasm.
When John came home, he found Sherlock folded up like a paperclip in his chair, still wearing his coat. His hands were wrapped around his legs, and white with tension. There were two red marks on his forehead, where he had been pressing his head into his knees.
“I do. But not to worry, I appreciate watching the dancers just as much.”
“That is absolutely all right,” he whispers against my mouth.
This fic came about when I re-watched White Nights, and then a week later saw the Royal Opera’s Alice in Wonderland, which is the production referenced in the final chapter.
“We do that too,” John said, “only we add a tap, of course.”  He added a staccato with the toe of his shoe, each tap clear and precise.
Sherlock’s mind began to slowly come back online, spurred on by the growing realization of a new dimension of danger. “CIA?”
“I don’t understand,” he said. “Your teacher said it wasn’t good? Why?”
After only a few minutes’ drive, they pulled into the courtyard of a building. Sherlock waited in the car pointedly until the guard came around and opened the door for him. He looked up at the building, seeing large windows, with dim figures behind them. He wondered what would happen if he bolted, ran back toward the way the car had entered, or screamed “Help me!” towards those shadows. He looked back to the guard and the driver, saw the matching lumps at their waistbands under their jackets, and knew he’d be dead before he took a third step.
Maja: No formal training as a nurse, but likely fell into the work by accident, either by marriage or circumstance. Cooks, but resents having to do so, not just for Sherlock. Extremely resentful of Sherlock’s presence in her home. Sound sleeper. Also keeping secrets.
It was so unlike Sherlock to be at a loss for words that John sat up, a different kind of alarm spreading across his body. Sherlock was in his pyjama bottoms, an inside-out tee shirt and his blue dressing gown, fiddling with its belt. “Sit down,” John said softly. Sherlock hesitated for a moment before slowly entering the room and sitting on the very edge of the bed as if it was about to explode.
There were a number of sharp gasps. They weren’t expecting such a short period of time to do their work. Mrs. Roshni jerked her chin towards their easels, and the protests died.
“Well before curtain,” she said. “I like to have everything set before the actors arrive. So around 6:30.”
Pìyǎn = asshole
“If you’ve filed it, don’t go looking for it now, you’ve been doing so well. Any song without a strong melody of its own should do. Like a nursery rhyme.”
He could hear Holmes’ rapid step on the stairs, and tucked his journal away quickly, just in time for Holmes to enter the flat like a ball from a cannon.
“Consultants? As opposed to more detectives? This is preposterous. This is a serious matter, Detective Inspector.”
He shrugs. “I read the papers.” Another long pause. “Your friend was an idiot.”
do not lie to me.”
been in Afghanistan, only three months earlier in John’s personal timeline, but a hundred years in Holmes’ future.
“A wise move, Mr. Holmes. Have you enjoyed your time in Serbia?”
Sherlock stared at the door for a moment, then placed the monkey on the windowsill with the rest of the origami animals, watching the silhouettes they made as the sun rose behind them.
“Even more boring than Langstaff’s. I went to school when I was twelve, graduated when I was eighteen, been working ever since.”
John and Sherlock sat side by side on the sofa, half watching the judges, half pretending not to watch.
A long, jagged crack marred the long edge of the tube. Sherlock’s mouth twisted in frustration. It must have developed a small crack upon his impact in the water. He sighed and threw it away, watching it sink. No matter; he could swim on the surface now, and aim for an unobtrusive dock at Eavesdown.
John let himself into his rooms as complete helplessness washed over him. He pulled his jacket off, throwing it in a corner. He went to the toilet, and slowly shaved his mustache off.
, and then their eyes look at you and you can see it
Mycroft rounded the corner, his face slightly reddened from running, and his eyes wide and vulnerable in a way that Sherlock had never seen before. He stopped short as soon as he saw Sherlock. Sherlock saw the worry Mrs. Hudson had told him about in his eyes; but it was a different kind of worry than Sherlock had ever seen from him before: not worry about Sherlock’s reputation at school, or the ballet world, not worry about how Sherlock’s behaviour would impact Mycroft’s career, not worry about how he upset Mummy. It was the remnants of a terrible fear that they had nearly lost each other.
“What?”
“Careful, Jim. The drones can’t hear us but they can see us, remember. They’re live to air too; there’s probably millions watching right now. This is a big event, you know – the last Companion, giving himself away. You don’t want to be shown on live newsvidder abusing your brand new personal Companion, do you?”
Five minutes.
“You’re the crazy one,” Bahdri said. He released John, and John could see his eyes were wet. “Go and be happy, John. You deserve to be happy.”
It meant, ‘
“I’m fine,” he said shortly. He could feel the burn of his leg muscles now; he needed to stretch out and cool down; he needed to drink water; he needed the noise and clamour outside his dressing room to go away. He closed his eyes.
After a while he became aware of Sherlock humming; he wasn’t sure he had ever heard Sherlock hum before. He grinned in amusement, until Sherlock snapped, “Would you turn that radio off please?”
“If you wish to stop, say
(See the end of the chapter for
to each other-”
He could hear a giggle that could only be John’s, a sound that he generally had only heard when John had a couple of pints inside him. The giggles were uncontrolled, spilling over into the corridor.
You know exactly who this is. Or do you want another picture of my vagina?
“Sherlock?” he called. “All right?”
The picture was originally of John with Mrs Hudson and Rosie, but Sherlock had long ago cropped it so that only John’s face was framed. John didn’t know he had done that, and Sherlock would never have told him, but it was ideal for current circumstances. John was smiling in the picture, loose and relaxed and happy, and it was Sherlock’s favourite picture of him.
Sherlock smiled back. “Of course. But I’m one of the very few that can. Not even my colleague Tjinn could manage it,” he nodded at her. “I’m surprised they’re calling for dancers; I can only think of three or four who know it, and none of them are-”
[The music moves into the chorus, and John and Sherlock move into a standard timestep. Sherlock’s moves are technically accurate, but he’s clearly thinking about it harder than John, who is moving as naturally as breathing.]
Brigit and Mrs. Perry glanced at each other. Mrs. Perry patted Brigit’s hand, and suddenly John liked Mrs. Perry a lot more. “Well now, sir, I’ll start, and Brigit can fill in what I miss. We were both asleep in our rooms upstairs - our rooms are right next to each other, mind. And we heard something, a loud noise like an explosion, and then nothing. I called out to Brigit, ‘Did you hear that?’ and she said, ‘Yes’, and we decided to go downstairs and see.”
“Not really. I was always good at observing people. That’s what makes me a good Companion, and then the crime element just came along by accident.” He stopped for a moment, remembering Inara; what would his life be like now if she hadn’t taken him under her wing?
Sherlock was the first to get the cover off his basket, and frowned. “Oh God. She’s bought cherry brandy. It’s supposed to be kirsch, a cherry liqueur.”
They lay down side by side, chest to chest. The only space they allowed between them was the space to hold each other’s cocks, already dripping. John wiped at the head, making Sherlock tremble, spreading the liquid over Sherlock’s cock, until it was slick. Sherlock licked his own palm thickly until the slide of his hand over John was smooth.
,” he muttered. He gave himself a good scratch, knowing he would have little opportunity once he went through.
Sherlock gave no reply but a tiny burp.
seen this. He just hadn’t understood.
Sherlock stutters just a bit, then gets back on track, “with situational and individually specific appreciation for non-sexual physical contact.”
John was dancing.
“Sherlock Sherlock Sherlock Sherlock,” John cried, and then he came, filling Sherlock’s mouth with salty come.
"Booze!"
“I’ll put the kettle on,” John said, as he always did.
“Repeat yourself, kindly, sir.”
“Of course you do,” John said. He tapped Sherlock gently, fondly on the forehead. “Need to get things organized here?”
“I don’t have to pretend, mate,” John said, his mouth twisted in a dangerous smile.
It was raining as he made his way back to Baker Street – not quite sleet but not quite rain either. He was wet through and shivering when he finally unlocked the door to 221B.
That night, as they tucked themselves into the cave Sherlock had created, Rosie sleepily asked to see ‘Daddy’ again. To Sherlock’s dismay, he discovered the true victim of his fall earlier had been his phone, now sporting a crack along the screen. It still worked, fortunately, and Rosie still seemed satisfied by the sight of John despite the seam across his face. He noted that the battery was now at 47%, and tucked the phone into the rucksack as well, protected against future damage by a woolen sock.
“With the case?”
“And Anderson,” he said, his chin high, his spine straightened with pride, “I am not a whore. I am a Companion. There’s a difference that you’ll never understand.”
“Six weeks!?”
“Sherlock’s very frightened, so I’m speaking for us right now.”
John held up his finger again, and drained the traveljar. Sherlock tried to funnel all his impatience into his bouncing left leg.
John wanted to stop him, correct him, but he knew this was something Sherlock needed to say. ‘
he muttered. He turned to go, and found himself face to face with two uncomfortably burly men.
“Stop shoving the table across the room, Sherlock.”
“Which means ‘point’, I suppose.”
A woman slipped into the room, dressed all in white and wearing a cap – a nurse.
“Hm?”
Mycroft clearly heard John’s comment and frowned, then his face cleared to blandness. “You have finally succeeded in astonishing me, brother. It’s all over the newsvidders. Millions saw your fall live. The search continues, with the entire populace roiling in hysterical worry. The search authorities are refusing to admit that because your body has not been found, this is likely a recovery mission, not a rescue any more. Persephone mourns. I hope you’re happy.”
“…and we just find the one name in common.” John grinned at him. “That’s ruttin’ brilliant, that is.”
, he thought, as he heard Mrs. Hudson’s measured step on the stairs.
“Ahm… is Sherlock all right?”
“That’s it, that’s it, lovely, beautiful,” John crooned in his ear. He stroked him through the orgasm until Sherlock’s body relaxed all at once, collapsing onto the bed. John was ready to explode, himself, the sight of Sherlock coming had nearly tipped him over the edge as well. He released Sherlock carefully, and took himself in hand, using Sherlock’s come to lubricate his own efforts. He had only stroked himself a few times when he looked up at Sherlock. Sherlock was staring at him with fascination and curiosity, and that was enough. John came hard, his breath stuttering out in grunts. The knowledge that Sherlock was watching him, studying him as he came, served to push his orgasm higher and higher, until he collapsed next to Sherlock.
John licked his lips, chapped and split. His eyes didn’t move from Sherlock’s.
“Syricusean – of the best period,” said Nathan Garrideb. He was polishing a coin with a piece of leather; clearly a task that their arrival had interrupted and must be completed before any other business could be attended to.
“What.” The single syllable was sharp, nearly spitting the T.
John’s eyes are fixed on the wall behind Sherlock, his tone firm.
For a moment, John wondered what the point of this was – and then thought of what it might be. He licked his lips and took his courage in hand. “What could you see in the picture of you?”
“I can’t. He’d lose face. I’d lose face. I can’t go back on an agreement, even a verbal one.”
Rosie blinked the sleep from her eyes and looked around, her forehead wrinkling in confusion in a way that was achingly familiar to Sherlock.
Sherlock tried to get to his hands and knees, but his head was ringing too much.
Sherlock sat on the floor, his back against his bed, his legs stretched out in front of him. “And Rosie, she’s growing so fast. See? She looks like John when she laughs, but like Mary when she cries.”
Confusion cleared from John’s face, and he grinned. “You’re a madman.”
His eyes went wide with apprehension. “I – I don’t-”
John’s father had screwed up the note and thrown it in the fire, and gave John a thrashing for expressing an interest in such a ‘pansy’ thing as drawing.
Sherlock held his arms out again, as though handing something to the air. “Look, there’s Daddy!” he said, and settled back next to Mycroft again. “I think I might tell him, Mycroft,” Sherlock whispered. “He’s happier, and I think it would be okay if I told him. Do you think it’s okay?”
SHERLOCK: Oh God. I thought I’d have another chance. I must have made a thousand mistakes.
As he and Rosie walked back to their shelter, Sherlock thought about the encounter and the offer from the woman. Perhaps he was being overly cautious by staying away from others, and perhaps there was greater strength in a group. A group might also have a greater chance of being found by whatever aid services might be coming. Resources could be pooled. Care of Rosie could be shared. Who knows, there might even be other children for her to play with.
“Watch. Heel toe heel toe heel toe heel toe.” John’s feet moved in tandem to the side, then returned. Sherlock did the same, feeling his muscles spark and come to life.
“I – there was a part of the study I didn’t get a chance to finish.”
In the glow from the phone, he saw Rosie raise her head and study the picture. After a long moment, she leaned forward and kissed the surface of the phone.
“Yes. You’ve heard of those, haven’t you?”
“Good.”
He imagined the audience’s first sight of him: laying on a stark iron bed, his limbs draped in lassitude over the sides of the bed, aligning with the drape of the sheets. One thin arm, nearly as pale as the sheets, lifting a cigarette to his lips.
He was in a bedroom, not a hospital room. He was not dressed in a hospital gown but in clothes that were not his own, loose jogging pants and a t-shirt. The bed was low and lumpy, and he was covered with a hand-crocheted blanket. The walls had a few pictures in cheap frames, some photos, some paintings done by children with ‘
“Exactly,” John said, not quite sure what the man meant. “We want to scoop them this time.”
“It’s beautiful,” Sherlock said.
“Sherlock… I need to say this.”
?” the man said. Then he shook his head in a friendly way that screamed artifice. “But I apologize, I should speak English. You are comfortable?”
Back upstairs, to the kitchen. A nearly full box of wooden matches. Several candles which John had bought after a blackout, and never used. A can opener. A knife.
He let the exhaustion wash over him with the noise of the applause still in his ears.
I smile behind my hand; give a very tiny nod. “Really,” I say.
“The man’s dead,” Holmes snapped. “What does he care now?”
“Natural oolong.”
“I don’t know where to start,” John said.
To his alarm, Rosie's voice began to rise in distress. “Daddy come kiss me good night.”
Michael clapped him on the shoulder. “Don’t worry, mate,” he said. “Dunworthy will understand.”
John kissed her on a spot on her head that was not covered in food. “Morning, love,” he said into her hair. “Morning, Sherlock.”
“Afraid of what could be lost.”
Then he came out of the alley into Carter Lane, and there was St. Paul’s, arching up into the sky with the moon behind it. John stopped dead and stared. It was stunningly beautiful, and he gave his head a shake. He should be grateful: he was in London, during the era that had truly defined the city as a world power, its reputation still intact after two hundred years. This was London, and it was beautiful now in a way that was different from the London he was used to.
. He was with me.”
“Good morning, Rosie.”
Instead, Sherlock murmured into his ear, “Draw her.”
Lăo kòuménr = tight ass
Sherlock’s jaw dropped in astonishment as his brain struggled to comprehend what he had heard. He hadn’t heard the code phrase from someone else’s mouth in years – and from the person he least expected to hear it from.
The guard nodded at them, and closed the doors behind him. In the silence of the room, Sherlock heard the squeak of the man sitting on the wooden chair he had seen just outside the door.
“I used to make a cake for Harry’s birthday, when we were younger,” John said. His voice was so low it was nearly drowned out by the sound of the simmering water on the stove. “Mum… Mum couldn’t manage it, most of the time. And Harry wanted a cake. The first time, her fifth birthday, I just went to the store and got a packet, the kind where you just mix in water and an egg. The next year, I tried making my own. It was awful, but I got better at it over the years. They were nothing near this fancy, though.”
John squared himself to his easel and took a deep breath. Then he began to draw.
The door swung shut. John fell back on the bed, and for just a moment, allowed the aftershocks of fear to flow freely through him. The tremours shook the bed, making it squeak. Then he closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and forced himself to stop.
Sherlock eats too much Christmas candy.
He sighs, stands up and buttons his collar button again. Then he goes to the door.
“No,” Sherlock said.
“Some people go back to school, get the education that they always wanted to get but couldn’t due to circumstances. Some people go to the gym. Some people take dance lessons.”
“Thank God,” Sherlock sighed as they pulled into the carpark of an inn.
John started the song and moved to the centre of the dance floor, facing Sherlock. “And what is it Your Majesty requires of me?”
Sherlock smiled, just faintly, and nodded.
She poured a cup of water from a nearby jug and helped him sit up enough to drink. As he sat back, the dressing on his side pulled at his skin and he winced.
Sherlock’s brows knotted. “Is it not legible?” he said. “I thought it was.”
“I suppose that makes sense.”
“Of course,” John said. He smiled up at Sherlock, small but bright. “Of course I would come. If you needed me, I’d – of course.”
“Well, yes.”
Greg leaned on the door jamb, his stomach hurting from suppressed laughter. He looked at John, and thought about how the laughter took about ten years off his face: the lines of sadness and pain had lifted into happiness and joy. He had been through so much, and Greg was glad to see him like this.
He finally found Dunworthy in the library. Dunworthy flinched when John quietly called his name, but relaxed when he turned and saw John.
“Precisely.”
John sighed and shivered. He’d exchanged his itchy suit for a somehow equally itchy cotton nightshirt which he’d bought that afternoon, upon realizing that Wardrobe hadn’t supplied him with any night clothes. He crawled under the covers, and let his teeth chatter until his body heat took over.  He wondered what Mr. Dunworthy would have made of the day he’d experienced.
She pondered what had happened since the horrible business with Sherlock’s sister. Sherlock had explained, in an unadorned but soft-spoken account, of how they had all been manipulated. And oh, it had hurt, but deep down she had known that Sherlock’s words weren’t truly from his heart. Just as she had known, deep down, from the moment she had seen John Watson in the same room as Sherlock, that Sherlock’s heart would never be hers.
“… In case,” Mycroft said. “But?”
“So I kept up on my own. Practiced in my room when Da wasn’t home. Hid my tap shoes like other boys hide their porn. Left home as soon as I could, but couldn’t earn enough money dancing – couldn’t earn any, in fact. So I joined Her Majesty’s Army.”
“I see,” he said, sitting back. “Any other symptoms?”
Sherlock did not alter his pace. From her appearance and tone of her voice, she was clearly not in a mental space where she would be an ally or even of help to him and Rosie; instead his neck prickled with a sense of danger.
“Right,” Moira said. She mentally considered the layout of the store, prioritizing the best options, eliminating the rest. “I’m just going to show you some things, you tell me your immediate reaction. All right?”
“John,” Sherlock said, surprise lining his voice.
Holmes clapped his hands. “I know! Perhaps you would allow us to view the collection while you are at your interview tomorrow. You may be assured that we will leave everything undisturbed, and moreover be a deterrent to any trespasser who might wish to take advantage of your absence.”
She had woken up early, and hadn’t been fazed at all by finding Sherlock and John in the same bed; rather, she was pleased at the convenience of only having to run to one room to wake them.
At eleven, he went down to St. Paul’s. He sat on the same bench he had sat on the day he’d arrived, and thought about everything that had happened to him during this drop; how much it had changed him. He was in love, and he couldn’t wait to begin his life with Sherlock. It was a pity they had to leave London, but as he recalled, the furor over Wilde’s trial died down after a while, and although it took some time, the trial set into motion the movement towards gay rights.
Mycroft sighed. “It’s your choice, of course,
. Would there be long-term effects for Rosie to be without fresh produce and milk for five days?
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looked at John and said plainly, “I just wanted to dance. That’s all I ever wanted to do.”
He looked down at Rosie, noting that the lack of sunshine was turning her skin pale and sallow. She needed more time to be a child, he thought. “Watson,” he said, “why don’t we see what shape the swings are in?”
John frowned and shook his head, but headed to his bag. “Such a waste of time, you are,” he said.
“Any other fish missing?” Sherlock said.
A second later John heard the sound of running footsteps, of the policemen calling to each other as they entered the alley.
Mrs Hudson cleared her throat and began. “Before we were interrupted last week, we had decided that Sherlock won the technical challenge, by a very narrow margin, I must say. That’s one victory apiece, so you’re officially tied.
Sherlock’s eyes opened again, lined with confusion.
I would like at this point to go on record and say that John Watson is a fucking fantastic lover.
He disconnected, then called Lestrade.
“Fuck,” he whispered. “You’re so beautiful. Your legs, my God. Your-” he paused, and blinked. “Your feet are… a mess. Did you run barefoot through rocks to get away?”
“Can you deign to raise your head and realize there’s people apart from you in the world? My wife, who has done
Sherlock's stream of words hiccuped for a moment, then he resumed as though John had said nothing. “I looked at yours, and it was easier, of course. I could tell that Mrs. Hudson had made gingerbread the afternoon you drew her. Rosie had been to the park with her playgroup and had gone down the slide by herself for the first time that day. And I could see in your drawings your great affection for Mrs. Hudson and your pride in Rosie.”
“Access to subconscious thought is a fascinating theory, though it is fraught with false psychology and-”
John puts his phone face down and just out of reach on the table. I look at him.
“House to half,” Stephanie murmured into the headset. “House out. Beginners, go. Lights one, go.”
A car screeched to a halt just in front of them, and Pavlović got out, to Sherlock’s sinking heart.
Any ideas I had about holding back, being coy, waiting, being mature, have gone right out the fucking window.
“He won’t call,” John says. “He promised.”
The address actually wasn’t hard to find. Given their work, you’d think they’d be more careful, but there it is on the internet – 221B Baker Street. Right by Regent’s Park, which is likely why John suggested a walk there.
“Can you get us back to the hotel, Jerome?” John said.
“Mr. Bell, Dr. Doyle,” he said, “thank you so much for coming to Toronto.”
The blocks were met with middling interest, then Rosie informed him that Peppa Pig was on telly. He knew that John was not one of those tiresome parents that prevented their child from watching, so he felt no guilt as he set her down on the floor in front of the set. He left some of the blocks with her, just in case, then went to the kitchen table to work. He had sat with Rosie often enough now to have achieved the balance of working, keeping half an eye on her, while tuning out the inane drivel of her programmes.
But very faintly, underneath the dialogue from the stage, he could hear a muffled shouting inside the shed. He reared back and kicked at the door with all his strength, feeling the vibration shudder up his leg. Once, twice, and finally the wood around the lock splintered and gave way.
Sherlock gasped, and John caught the sound with his mouth. “Shh,” he whispered in Sherlock’s ear, then sucked on his earlobe. Sherlock forced his own hand to move through the onslaught of sensation, down John’s wet and slippery side, down to John’s cock which was pressing hard into Sherlock’s thigh.
A lonely hansom splashes through the rain,
“On the whole, not a lot of physical damage, at worst a cracked rib. There’s some bruising on his face and knuckles, so he fought hard.”
“But it would appear that the music areas are in disarray. Music of all kinds is flooding my brain, disrupting all other streams of thought. I’ve been sorting it out, putting it back in place.”
“Jim. To be honest, I love my career as a Companion. The variety of my life, the challenge of new clients. But I must admit that since the bombing, I’ve been re-evaluating everything.”
[As the music reaches its climax, they separate again, perform a quick and frenetic combo, then jump into the air and land in the splits on the final note – John in a modified split with his back leg bent, but of course Sherlock in a full split. They hold for a moment, then collapse to their sides, breathing heavily.]
“Has it?”
“Physically, yes, but that was extremely traumatic. I thought I would be the best person to handle the situation.” Sherlock/Victor reached out and grabbed John’s hand. “I know this is confusing. I’m confused too, but you can help best by finding the coin, wrapping up the case, and getting us away from here.”
He felt as though he were dreaming: leading Sherlock, in his shirtsleeves, towards a bed, Sherlock following willingly.
“That’s good, Sherlock.”
“Hm. What about you?”
“Weird cases lately, aren’t they? I mean, you know that I generally don’t call you in for the regular stuff, but…”
He leaned back and let the water wash over his head and face.
“That means we’ll need forty profiteroles – I’ve got enough dough for at least fifty – so we can either have extras or create a higher tower.”
Sherlock watched the cast as he spoke, watched their stress levels rise and fall. Some were giving into the tension and weeping quietly. John stood again and walked from one to another, with a kind smile and a friendly hand on a shoulder, whispering reassurances.
“No, I like it,” Sherlock said. He was so tired he felt as though he was floating. “
“I’m not sure,” he said honestly. “We may… we may need to wait for him.”
The actress turned to the side of the stage, and then to the audience. “Oh help!” she screamed.
He was startled when he got a mouthful of water. Gagging, floundering, coughing, he fought against his exhaustion, but couldn’t stop imagining his lungs filling with water and pulling him down.
“I thought it was to provide me with new challenges; I certainly don’t get challenged by the cases you bring me,” Sherlock said. “The common factor is the hygienist, not the dentist. The victims were all allergic to syntho-fillings and had the old-fashioned gold instead. Gold has increased in value since the supply on Earth-That-Was was exhausted, and a single filling would have a street value of about fifteen credits – nothing to sneeze at. The hygienist would supply the names and addresses to a gold-seller, or murdered the victims themselves – that’s probably it, they stole anaesthetic from the dentist’s supplies, suffocated them while they were unconscious and removed the teeth post-mortem. Then extract the gold, sell it, and keep the profits.” He stabbed his finger at the screen. “There. That’s the common name, Meisha Crowley. Bring him in.”
“She was disarmed right away,” Mrs. Hudson said. “Your brother gave just one look, and there was a guard on her just as you fell. She’s locked away now, never fear.” She shook her head, tears rolling up in her eyes. “Oh Sherlock dear. After the crash, someone from the military hospital told us you were very ill and couldn’t be moved, and I insisted on seeing you, and they wouldn’t let me, so I called your brother, he came straight away and we’ve been here since.”
Sherlock and John stood for a long moment, staring at the little girl as she played. Then Sherlock took a deep breath, and took John’s hand into his own.
Sherlock and John retreated to the kitchen. As they closed the door, they heard Mrs Hudson say, “Oh shut up, all of you, and pour me a brandy.”
Slowly, slowly, John knelt in front of Sherlock, looking up at Sherlock’s face, gone white with shock.
The daily rides back and forth to the studio were getting harder and harder. All Sherlock wanted was to lay his head in John’s lap, or have John curled up under his arm, or at the very least to hold hands while the city rushed past. To ignore him as though they hated each other was wearing thin.
“Um,” said Sherlock, faltering for the first time.
He rubbed his face with his hands, hard, as if that could erase the memory of the dream. It was a dark and cold dream, with hard floors and unforgiving steel doors, the stench of death, and cruel laughter. His fist ached with remembered pain. Sherlock at his feet, looking up at him, blood falling down his face.
“No you’re not.”
is,” Sherlock felt himself flushing, “big bend.”
help you with?”
“So… a park with a movie theatre?” John said doubtfully.
She smiled brightly, and it made Sherlock shudder. “Of course not. John doesn’t know. He thinks I’m simpering little Maja, the nurse from Ćukovac. God, I’m so glad this job is nearly done. I’ve been bored to tears for four years now.”
“It’s all right, Mrs. Hudson,” he said dully.
“John.”
Before the elevator began to wheeze its way back down to the lobby, Sherlock darted to the main window of the sitting room. He stood to the side of the window casing and looked out at the street below. Two cars sat in the street, in easy sight from the window – and to the window, Sherlock realized. The cars were positioned in such a way that no movement from the window would go unseen.
John nodded, and led him down the corridor.
“You’ve got to be
John held up a hand. “I’m not a guard, and this is our home, not a prison. I see no bars. You’re free as a bird.”
“All right.”
Both John and Sherlock had their coats on and were following Lestrade out the door before Molly could finish her sentence. They were in Lestrade’s car and in motion before John thought to say, “Oh – which cake won?”
I had worried that we’d be all awkward, but instead we just settle right into talking. It’s nice. There’s certainly an undercurrent of sexual tension there – like he’s not sure how far in the process he got knocked back. I have cooled a little bit, truth be told, but not in a bad way; last night I might have fucked him in the loo, but now I’m enjoying the conversation.
John was dimly aware that he must look like an idiot, with his jaw hanging open, his eyes wide, and that he hadn’t said a word since he’d entered the room. He
“I have made so many mistakes, John. So many mistakes with the person who mattered most.”
“Okay. I think I’ve narrowed down our possibilities. I don’t think it’s feasible to get out from here, as you already discovered. During transportation would be possible, we could just jump out of the car and make enough of a public fuss – shouting and that – that they would have to leave us to it. However, as you already pointed out, they’ve modified the car so it’s impossible to get out. It’s not just a child lock, they’ve removed the handles, so no good there.”
Mycroft nodded, and bit back his next question, as hope was a stranger to not be trusted.
“Shall we test that hypothesis?” John said, his whole face breaking open with a smile, his heart breaking open.
there. He never allowed himself to be sentimental about a piece, once it was finished. It was always on to the next: the next production, the next flight, the next city. The next costume fitting, the next rehearsal hall. The next piece of choreography to challenge him and for him to master. The next scene. The next solo. The next plie. The next breath. Next next next.
“Shush. Since the day I met you I found you utterly fascinating. I kept thinking of excuses to involve you in cases just so I could talk with you. And since the night we danced, I knew I wanted no one but you to touch me for the rest of my life.
“St. Paul’s stands?” he said. It wasn’t what he meant to say at all.
In the afternoon he gave Rosie her lessons. Partly to pass the time, but partly to keep her mind engaged. It was clear she was clever – after all, both her parents had been clever – and Sherlock was determined to not allow her mind to wither, despite the circumstances. Sometimes she sat and listened and engaged with her lessons; other days she was restless and tetchy, asking incessantly to go to the swings. On such days, Sherlock would take a deep breath and remember John’s patience. Sometimes it worked. Sometimes he just gave up and let her play with the cans in their shelter.
“Being told that. Someone believing that – that I’m-”
from a
“I understand, okay? Sherlock? I understand. And – yes. Me too. Okay? You understand?”
Their kissing was more like biting, with desperation, desperation that had been building up without Sherlock being able to name it, deparation to touch, to finally
Jí zhòng = hit, struck
“I will never forget the silence at the table after my pronouncement. Then my father stood up, his face red with rage, and took me to the nursery and – well. He told me, in words and with his belt, that boys do not marry boys and I must remove such filthy thoughts from my head, now and forever.
“Y-yeah.”
John heard an impact on flesh, a grunt, air rushing out. The sound of a gut punch. The grunt was Sherlock’s.
Mycroft frowned and turned away, and saw Maja for the first time. “Who is this?” he said sharply.
Zài jiàn le = goodbye
John was quiet the next day – at least, he didn’t speak. He made a lot of noise slamming down coffee cups and dishes, and his glares at Sherlock spoke volumes, but he said nothing. Sherlock was silent as well, but tried to act suitably cowed. He stayed quiet when the driver arrived at 9:00am sharp, and John grabbed his bag and cane before huffing out the door ahead of Sherlock. Sherlock shouldered his own bag and followed, his head down.
“Mr. Dunworthy, I-” John let his breath out in a gust of air. “Wow. Thank you.”
“Yes sir!” Hopkins sped off towards Processing.
He’s sitting in a chair by a fireplace, his priest’s collar on but his hair’s rumpled like he’s been gripping at it. His face slides from surprise into embarrassment, with a shade of a smile, like he’s actually glad to see me, then finally into sadness.
They needed shelter. Soon. No building could be trusted now. The blast had probably damaged the foundations of most structures in London, and the risk of collapse was everywhere. Therefore, find shelter that wasn’t a building.
John’s jaw fell open. “Really?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You had three months, John. It’s not like you to procrastinate. What happened?”
The judges huddled around each other, clearly taking this whole thing a lot more seriously than John and Sherlock had thought they would. Only brief mutterings could be heard – “lovely”, “dense”, “creative”, “delicious”, “I don’t understand”, “quite
, Mycroft!” Sherlock said. “I want – I want-” He leaned in close to the screen. “Can you see me? Can you see my face clearly?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course I do.” John half laughed, and said, “
Sherlock dragged himself to his feet. He stared down at John for a moment, his jaw tightening.
“You’re mad. I won’t do that. You can’t make me.”
“…Hygienist,” they said together, and grinned.
John groaned and began to pull off all his layers of tweed. He had to get over this, he had to. He just needed to relieve the pressure a little bit.
John grinned, and finished his tea. “I do, but I ain’t tellin’ you. You have to guess. Figure I gotta challenge you somehow. Though it’s gonna be an interestin’ shift with no sleep.” He stood. “Thanks for a fascinatin’ evening. Again.”
John mentally shook his head at Dunworthy, having seen him worry himself sick over every drop. “It’s Victorian London,” he said. “How dangerous could it be?”
Thoughts began to form reluctantly, in short bursts:
“You wouldn’t have liked the fare there. It’s more of a wine region than beer.”
“No, I-”
The gun did not shake or waver. “Who’s your contact at the embassy, Sherlock?” Maja said impatiently.
“Sherlock?”
“Ugh. Teeth. Somethin’ about that just gives me the willies.”
“What’s the value of the amniculusite that was stolen?” Sherlock said, as he looked over the cargo hovertruck lying on its side. The security guard was sitting on the ground, being examined by the medics. Sherlock could see from a distance that the man was shaking his head, responding slowly – clearly concussed, and presently of no use as a witness.
“Oh.”
They called Jerome to tell him they’d found the coin, and two police officers followed their directions to the site where Bantam had buried it. Bantam had already been arrested, taken away without protest or a fight. After the police had secured the scene from the curious eyes of the actors, who had now taken their bows and wanted to investigate what all the noise had been backstage, and after they had given their basic statements, they made their way back to Jerome. Jerome took one look at Sherlock and his face creased with worry.
Xiándì = my virtuous younger brother
John leaned back against the headboard. “Well, what do I do now? Don’t get me wrong,” he said, tracing Sherlock’s lips with a fingertip, “I’m glad to be here, with you. Grateful for a home. But not sure what after that.”
John paused for a long moment. Sherlock watched him twist his fingers, and waited.
They walked the short distance to the elevator, Greg followed behind. John and Sherlock were all business now, their strides swift and efficient. No one would believe Greg if he told them about these two behaving like twelve year olds. Greg decided it would be wisest to stay quiet, otherwise he might blurt out the secret.
“Shush now, let them concentrate,” Mrs Hudson said, but John and Sherlock didn’t hear them. Sherlock was entirely focused on the angel hair caramel, his large hands cradling it with enormous care, coaxing it around the tower of pastries, while John put on the finishing touches; tucking his chocolate ornaments amongst the caramel – a gun, a magnifying glass, a caduceus, an Erlenmeyer beaker, two 2s, a 1, a B.
John pressed a cup of tea into Sherlock’s hand. “I’ve asked Mrs Hudson to pick Rosie up from nursery. I have to go into the surgery but I wondered if you would like to have dinner tonight.”
“No,” Sherlock moaned softly, as Maja said, “What is he doing?”
John had taken to Stamford immediately. He had a round, friendly face and a personality to match. He had peered at John’s letter a bit owlishly, ignoring the pince-nez that dangled on a ribbon around his neck. For a moment, John feared that Stamford doubted his letter, that there was a massive error with the research or the execution of the letter, then Stamford had looked up and smiled at him.
Rosie was most comfortable when she was within arms’ reach of Sherlock, but she was also reluctant to let John out of her sight, as though he might disappear the moment he stepped away. The challenge was that John had duties around the church as the resident doctor and de facto leader of the group, and he therefore could not stay with Sherlock and Rosie all the time. She would consent to John’s leaving if she could curl up next to Sherlock, but would hum with anxiety, staring at the door until he returned.
She arrived in aisle ten, still relatively clear of people who were avoiding the man. The man himself was now muttering under his breath, staring at nothing, his hands flicking. She noted the designer coat, the hands with impeccable nails, the expensive smell of his shampoo. She glanced at the security camera she knew was in the corner, and nodded. Then she stepped up next to him.
I give him a micropause to allow for level two, but nothing. All right. “For here or take away?”
“Neither, I’m a consultant. Did you hear about the murders?”
“There’s a coffee place behind the church kitty-corner to the museum. We call it Saint Arbucks.”
Sherlock was singing, and not under his breath this time either.
Sherlock walked around the room, his eye skittering over books he had only heard about or read on a screenreader. He stopped at a small table with a chess board on it, and chairs on either side.
Sherlock noted that John looked rested. The grief and anger and exhaustion of the last year was dripping away from him, morning by morning.
“Nope, nothin’ like that. Purple puke and plays. Never seen the like. What was it he was shoutin’?” John assumed a dramatic pose, even as he sprawled in the chair. “’Amanda! I wanted to be the Romeo you deserved!’”
“You threw yourself off a building in front of him, and didn’t think he’d be affected?”
Despite his exhaustion, Sherlock noted John’s odd swimming style, his arms going straight out in front and then pushing to the sides, as opposed to Sherlock’s more traditional crawl.
“Naw, thanks. Gotta work in a few hours. Also I’m intrigued. Will it taste better like this, as opposed to the way I make it?”
“I – I’m here – I’m here to-” I say, suddenly absolutely unsure why I’m here at all.
For a moment, it felt so good to shout, like a wound leaking pus after a long infection. It was a relief.
. Then in one quick, sharp movement, she kicked him in the face; or rather appeared to, her pointe shoe whistling past his ear. He rolled backwards, extending his legs straight up. This was the athletic highlight of the piece. He allowed his legs to drop excruciatingly slowly, using every muscle in his arms and core to keep him balanced and control the movement. He heard gasps from the audience, but did not allow his satisfaction to distract him. He maintained his control until his legs touched the floor, then released carefully, muscle by muscle.
“Detective Inspector Riggs locked Mr. Holmes in one of the interrogation rooms.”
Jim froze for a moment, then Sherlock felt his spreading grin against his neck. “Good boy, Sherlock,” he said, his voice dropping in pitch, becoming more singsong. “I was beginning to wonder if I’d actually fooled you. When?”
He changed into his pyjamas and crawled into bed, with the susurrus of Sherlock’s whispers leaking from the bathroom door.
“Look,” said the woman. “Me and my friends, we’re in a community that’s kind of come together with people that have made it so far. About thirty of us, working together and that. We’re camped out at St. Paul’s so there’s shelter. There’s not a lot of food, but we get by. A hot meal, for you and for Rosie. Would you like to come?”
Shame welled up in his stomach for the thoughtless person he was five years ago, even a month ago. “I’m sorry. I’m – I’m not-”
Sherlock looked down at his ruined ballet slipper. “And new shoes. From Bloch, in Drury Lane, if you please. They’re the best.”
?” John’s voice was agonized.
He lied.
Her nattering dialogue brought a sense of normalcy back to the moment. It was, for a moment, as though he hadn’t been away for weeks, as though he hadn’t been held against his will, as though he hadn’t been frightened out of his wits on more than one occasion. As though John had lived here for ages, as though he was not back in London for the first time in years, as though John had not been in a Serbian prison two days ago.
John looked over at Sherlock, who was driving their hired car. He was momentarily hypnotized by the sight of Sherlock’s long fingers on the steering wheel, then shivered. “No. Are you?”
“But here you are. Here we are. Despite all that’s happened. Despite – all I’ve done. I don’t deserve this. Or you.”
“How do you know about the green trace?” Lestrade said.
“You let the Yarders take all the credit; you don’t seem to care. You hardly slept or ate for three days while you were working on this case. No one paid you. Why do you do it?”
Bahdri was already shaking his head. “I wouldn’t hold my breath. You know what Lassiter’s like.”
“But within a month I realized that I’d made a mistake. We weren’t compatible at all. I was bored, I think she was bored with me. Apparently the life of a country doctor isn’t for me. But it wasn’t just about me anymore. I had a wife to keep safe. So.”
“Hey,” said John.
Sherlock eased himself off and away from her body, leaning against a wall. The room was full of dust and spores of mildew. No light spilled from under the door. He looked at his watch – thank God for analog watches – and saw it was 2:38, but he couldn’t tell if it was afternoon or night from the lack of light. They had gone downstairs at 10:21am.
And Sherlock taking Eric Underwood’s role as the Caterpillar: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gOiK2G88sbw&list=PL5qf7zxCk2JBzIwfMCiRgY8UOA0ExQq77&index=13 (Those harem pants OMFG)
The music began its introductory tease, and John and Sherlock began the opening move: a slight bend of the knees, and a slow trace of a circle with the left foot. Sherlock fixed John with the intense eye contact the dance required, and John’s eyes locked onto his.
He opened a new email, typed in an address that he had been remiss in typing for some time.
“Agreed.”
“Do you know why?”
“I think it’s okay, Sherlock,” he said, and kissed his brother softly on his temple.
“John’s so much happier, now he’s moved back,” Sherlock said. “He looked so sad, for years and years, but he smiles now.”
Just as he approached the address Holmes had given him, a hansom cab drew up and Holmes himself leapt out. “Ah, Doctor Watson, there you are. I like punctuality in a medical man. Stay a moment, driver. Come on, let’s ring up our landlady and housekeeper, Mrs. Hudson.”
“It’s just that-” Sherlock bit his lip and turned his back. “Nothing. Never mind.”
“Do you want me to come with you?” he said finally.
“You’ll just have to make do,” said John. “Like they did during the war. Make sacrifices.”
"Love?"
“Wait, here comes Marie,” Michael said.
“Yes.”
At one point, Molly noticed that John and Sherlock were standing in the middle of the room holding hands, and let out a squeak that brought any remaining efforts at judging to an end. There was more champagne, many toasts to the new couple, and several slightly teary hugs from each of the judges.
you, wasn’t it? I wonder how John would react if he knew you married him after you shot his friend.”
“Yes?”
Lost in the page and the image he was creating there, John didn’t know how much time had passed until he heard a sleep-sigh from Rosie on the monitor. He glanced at his watch and saw that it was past midnight, and Sherlock had been holding his pose for nearly two hours.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock drank slowly. “It’s lovely.”
,” said the man. And to the nurse, “
SHERLOCK: The Daily Mail outed us.
He turned and raced back towards the gate. John blinked and ran after him.
“No,” Sherlock said immediately.
“’Lo, Sh’lock,” Rosie said, breaking Sherlock’s train of thought.
He rolled his head as though in agony, hearing the quiet pop of his spine aligning. He moved back to the chair and sat on it backwards, one hand on the back of the chair and one on the seat. He channelled all his strength into his arms and lifted himself up, his haunches several inches above the chair. Then he showed the character’s anguish through contortions of his legs and feet, gradually returning to the seat of the chair. He allowed himself a brief moment of relaxation, emptying his body of all tension, slumped over the chair.
Sherlock could hear the fear and vulnerability in the question, the years of loneliness.
“I require your assistance.”
As if to prove the point, the driver came out of the building and drove off in one of the cars. Two of the men from the lobby followed him, and leaned on the remaining car, chatting. Occasionally they would look up at the windows of the flat, nodding fractionally when they saw Sherlock standing there.
“Well, you dead would have been fine, but then when you survived, I thought this would be much more fun. Having you here.”
Afterwards, we’re lying there trying to get our breath back. There’s a creak at the door, and Sherlock sticks his nose in. He’s in his pyjamas already, the t-shirt inside out.
Here’s a clip of the amazing Sergei Polunin being amazing; he performs the revoltad, Sherlock’s defensive move, at 1:11: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xkw9KO_kA4g
Tjinn said at last.
“Beethoven’s Minuet in G.”
not boring.
Several of the younger students flushed and giggled, but John shrugged. He was a grown man and a doctor and the flatmate of Sherlock Holmes: nudity didn’t fluster him.
“I know what you are thinking, Watson; your face is so expressive and every thought parades across it like the headlines in a newspaper. I am not, of course, ignorant of the fact that homosexuality exists. You have noted that I do read the newspapers, and take particular notice of the agony columns; they are often wonderfully helpful in regard to cases. I have read of court cases, of men being brought to the dock for their activities. But I read of these men, and see nothing of myself in them: I do not dress in women’s clothing, I do not parade the streets, I do not feel myself drawn to younger men or boys. If that is what being a homosexual is, then I cannot identify with that.”
“So little? You-” John stood straighter, his jaw lifting up and out. “He’s offered money.”
“As are you,” Janina said evenly.
Sherlock burst out laughing, and John’s laugh joined his, surprisingly high and lilting. Sherlock handed a cup to John with a slight bow.
John hummed absently in reply, still staring at Sherlock’s scar.
She walked unhurriedly to the door, leaving Sherlock standing in shock in the middle of the room. As she opened the door, Sherlock caught a glimpse of John’s face. He was pale, his forehead creased, his eyes wide and worried. Sherlock could tell that John had heard every word.
“You want me to live here with you?”
He was so desperate for a use for his mind that he prowled around the cathedral, trying to find mysteries from the 18th century to solve. He found a couple, but told no one but John: in the grand scheme of things, no one else would care.
“An’ famous people got money. So you’re going to pay up for your
Meet me at my café, I have some questions for you.
John laughed, and after a moment Holmes laughed as well. A few moments of silence passed, much more comfortably than before.
John smiled despite himself, felt his face cracking, and he wept for the first time since he’d come back.
Some part of John told him to shut up and let Holmes mope, but he was warming to his theme. Time travel had made him quite pragmatic about fate and destiny. “If Mr. Cubitt hadn’t come to you with his concerns, you wouldn’t have taken him on as a client. You wouldn’t have solved the code, and you wouldn’t have known who the murderer was or how to bring him in for arrest. Mrs. Cubitt will recover, but she will recover to health and not to the gallows.”
Sherlock watched the whole recording, then watched it twice more.
a genius.”
“You like Italian?” John says. “We have a friend who’s got a nice place, adores Sherlock.”
“It’s all right, Sherlock,” John said. He wanted to put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, on his warm, bare shoulder, but it wasn’t right, not yet.
John laughed as he rubbed at his eyes. “She is, isn’t she?”
Next set of tests – vegan level of bastard, health nut, or full-on sugar demon?
Sherlock’s heart was racing with exhilaration. The music filled his head, pushing out all thoughts of clients, cases, the crowd, everything. The beat of the music became his heartbeat, pushing blood through his body, moving his limbs through the steps of the dance. He could no longer tell his legs and arms from John’s. They were dancing as one entity, moving together as though they had danced together for centuries. The beat was –
He stood, expecting another wave of dizziness but none came. With one hand tracing against the wall for support should he need it, he walked to the doorway, pushed the curtain aside.
“Do you?” Holmes returned.
He was aware, vaguely, of Bahdri’s arm around him, supporting him. Bahdri’s voice was so quiet John had to strain to hear him. “Something happened to you, I think, when you were doing the Victorian study?”
“Okay.” I wonder if I can get the full story from John or Sherlock later, then I remember why I’m there.
Then Sherlock stalked out of the room, leaving to the almost silent sound of an exhalation of breath from the students.
A wave of exhaustion flooded over him. He lay down on the sofa, his head on the opposite side from John, folding his legs around John’s like a puzzle piece.
“Would it not be easier to just listen to the music on a CD?” John waved at the stereo.
John’s face clouded over. “No cases?”
I try to throw my courage from the knot in my stomach up into my head, and on the way past my hands it makes me knock at the door. Of course I was expecting to see John or Sherlock, so I’m a bit taken aback when the door’s opened by an older lady, who peers out at me with great curiosity. Did I get the wrong address after all?
, Sherlock thought, and distracted himself by reviewing their escape plan in his head. He wondered if John was doing the same, using his training to anticipate any possible flaw in the plan.
“There. Now, Anderson
“Never better,” Sherlock replied.
Nice start. He’s a bit older than I first thought but he’s not Joe at least. Eye bags, but the eyes holding them up are a brilliant blue. Bastard’s eyes? Not sure yet. He’s only said one word so far, volley back.
“You’re all right?” John said, his voice hard and sharp.
It was a long walk from the car park to the theatre, but when they arrived at the area, it was full of cheery volunteers, children playing, and audience members enjoying a picnic while they waited for the play to start. John and Sherlock paid their admission fee and looked over the grounds.
I’m not acting! Someone help us!”
But Sherlock had thrown himself into life with a child in the house. The sitting room was messy, but now with toys and stuffys and picture books instead of weaponry and tobacco and newspapers piled knee high. The fridge still contained experiments, but only in well labelled, opaque containers on the highest shelf.
John was fastening the zipper on Rosie’s dress when he heard a familiar thumping from downstairs, which transformed into footsteps racing up the stairs to his room.
“Just didn’t want you to be alone.”
“That’s my bishop,” said Sherlock.
“And you have entertained him at your home on two occasions.”
Dunworthy grinned and clapped his hands. “Marvellous. Thank you, John. I’ll make it up to you, don’t worry. Now. You’ll leave Tuesday at 15:20, from Balliol, I’ve got Bahdri running your drop so you’re in the best hands. You’ll want to read up on local history and politics, focusing on London, of course, and Victorian etiquette. Get at least forty contemporary pounds from Props.”
Sherlock felt a cold sweat break out over his body. “I-”
Just another reassurance that this fic will have a happy ending.
“This is
“Shut it.”
Now he could help.
“Listen to me very carefully,” he said quietly to John. Rage and confusion were fighting for dominance over John’s expression. Sherlock raised his fist, and spoke under the music. “We’re putting on a show for the cameras now, and the music is loud enough that they can’t hear us. Pretend you’re still angry with me.”
John sat down heavily in his chair. How could he not have seen this? Images flashed through his mind: an abandoned cane, the lucky cat, a plate of food for John during a case, mobile phones, champagne toasts, a bottle of Claire du Lune, the very presence of his chair.
“Tell him what?”
“Of course. Why wouldn’t I be?”
That combined with the light in Holmes’ eyes when he had a mystery to solve…
“I’ve told Hierlihy that he can mark his own midterms and take his holidays in February like everyone else. And I’ve moved your thesis date to June 21, you’ll be back in plenty of time.”
"I'm sorry?"
His confusion rose to the point of near terror. He began to run, trying to get away from the faces of the people, the disgust on their faces past the point of politeness. He ran until the crowd parted in front of a huge mirror.
“You own a café. You started it with someone but now run it on your own. One sister, lives abroad. Mother dead, father estranged – no, reconciled now. You don’t care for your stepmother but you tolerate her for your father’s sake. Former sex addict-”
“Come on John,” Sherlock said. His voice was back, and he knew he had to get himself and John out of the room before he began laughing. Before he stepped out of the room, however, he regained his composure and turned back.
Chapter Notes
“Exactly,” Holmes said. “Please.”
“The pedophile?” I say. Because I remember everything he’s ever said in my presence.
Moira stood for a moment, shocked by the experience as a whole and by the realization that she was about to get about two months worth of wages in commission, with a single sale. She took a deep breath and lifted her walkie-talkie.
“I liked what you did, on the top,” John murmured. “The 221B.”
“Nobody talks about it, but we’re all thinking it,” Anderson continued relentlessly. “You come in here to play at coppers, but we all know how you get your money,
“Not at all,” John said automatically.
Shǎzi = idiot
Holmes took a deep breath, looking down at the floor. He pressed his lips together.
“Did you mean it.”
He went up to his room, stripped off the offending trousers, and checked his leg. It was in fact superficial, though now that he was thinking about it, it stung a bit. He cleaned the wound and bandaged it, changing into his only other pair of trousers. All this was done with a silly smile on his face and a light, happy hum through his body.
Moira glanced at the security cameras as they focused on aisle ten (Scarves, Hats, and Gloves), and at the man standing in the middle of the aisle, his hands flicking around his head. The wide angle of the lens allowed her to see people trying to walk down the aisle, see the man’s gestures, and walk hastily away.
“Okay,” John said. He took a deep breath, and said “Okay,” again. Then he walked over to Dunworthy and shook his hand. “Thank you,” he said. “You’ve taken a great risk here, for me.”
“Keep going.”
He turned onto Baker Street and stopped short. The street was a pile of debris, like all the other streets he had been on. For one wild moment, he wondered if he had gotten turned around and walked down the wrong street. This thought was reassuring until he caught sight of the Speedy’s overhang, tangled among bricks and stones.
“Dimmock.”
After I press Send, regret kind of hits me a bit. That was regressive. However, that tactic never failed me before.
Now he saw them all, fully displayed. They were twisted and silvered and pale, telling John that they must have happened a while ago, when Sherlock was away. But there was no mistaking the severity of the wounds. John’s hands were shaking now, but, as if in a dream, he began to draw.
“Why do you do it?” John said.
“This is the first time I’ve been anywhere but the hotel or the theatre,” Sherlock said. “We close tonight, fly out tomorrow.”
John looked at Sherlock and saw a rare earnestness in his eyes. “O-okay,” he said, and started to draw the body.
Then Rosie would crow with a new discovery, and he would shake off his thoughts as he joined her.
They moved past the maze of shipping containers into the ship docks, weaving their way through the crowds of people, hovercarts, cows and horses. No one took much notice of Sherlock, with the blanket hiding most of his face and obscuring his sodden but still clearly elaborate clothes; most people had their heads down and rarely made eye contact.
on the force. It’s a rare material, only produced on Regina. You were raised on Regina. What does the H stand for?”
“The average London house-thief would not understand the value of what is here – they would simply regard this as junk. Only aficionados such as ourselves would recognize the treasure here. Although – look! A telephone! A most helpful tool, but I cannot convince Mrs. Hudson to install one at Baker Street; she believes it would electrocute her. Now, Watson, we have a few minutes at least – let us explore.”
“My God.”
“She’s lovely. I assume you drew her while she was sleeping because she’d never stay still otherwise?”
Sherlock let his lungs fill and empty before he could bring himself to answer. “Failing.”
Holmes was silent for a long time, long enough to make John wonder if he had in fact blown it, ruined everything. Then Holmes took in a sharp breath as though awakening.
“The smell. Mud. The gas. Fear. Get it off, wash it down.”
“I’m sorry to have angered you, Watson,” Holmes said.
Péngyǒu = friend
John gaped, his mind unable to form the words to describe what he was feeling. “Just – just a bit-”
Sherlock placed his bag in a corner of the room, and shrugged off his coat. John glanced around the room, noting the cameras in each corner that Sherlock had also seen, and frowned.  He limped to a chair against the far wall and sat, stretching out his leg in front of him. Sherlock turned to face him, leaning on the bar. After a moment, he opened his hands, as though asking a question.
“We’re going to visit Uncle Mycroft first,” he said. It was the first time he had referred to Mycroft in that way to Rosie; he imagined the scowl on Mycroft’s face if he knew. He resolved to use it from this moment forward. “Then we’ll ask his help to find Daddy. All right?”
“Yeah,” John said in a long gasp. “Yeah. I do.”
He leaned forward and punched in the numbers that he had memorized days earlier.
He wondered vaguely if he should call Professor Mackleroy and apologize, reschedule his defense; then realized he didn’t really care if he got his thesis. He’d had enough of history.
“That’s - that’s not necessary, sir…”
John and Sherlock placed their respective loaves on the table and glanced at each other, shrugged, and walked into the lounge.
Sherlock warmed the teapot, poured tea into elegant bone china cups. “I wanted to surprise you.”
Jerome drove them all to the park in his cluttered car. Sherlock claimed the front seat again, but kept twisting around to talk to John in the back.
John takes me out for dinner again. This is date number three – well, two and a half, I suppose. Third date is usually the ‘fuck or fuck off’ date. Though in my past, that was the standard for a first date for me. If a date didn’t end in an orgasm, I considered it a great failure.
“Yeah, it is, actually. But I was thinking just now of the Caterpillar.”
, he told himself firmly. “What are you doing now, to earn the credits for the ship? You said you have a shift.”
“Hm?”
Bahdri made him a meal, and he ate some of it. Bahdri also changed the sheets on John’s bed, and nodded understandingly when John said he wanted to sleep a bit. He hugged John before he left, holding him so hard that John nearly wept again. Then he left.
Origami giraffe: http://www.origamidauria.it/site2016/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/Giraffa.pdf
“I will,” Sherlock said, pushing John away slightly, “but first… let me…” and he slid slowly to his knees.
He jumped up and found some carrier bags underneath the sink and filled them to capacity with items from the cupboard, not even looking at the labels. He ran down the stairs and dumped them by the door of 221C.
They found Jerome in the lab when they arrived. It was clear that Jerome had been losing sleep – his face, normally jovial and smiling, was lined and slightly gray. “Anything new?” he asked. “My boss is starting to lose patience. I’ll have to call the police in soon if we don’t figure this out soon.” Jerome stopped, registering the smile on Sherlock’s face. “Have you had a breakthrough?”
“It’s not fair.”
Greg held up his hands, placating. “I know, guys. I’ll talk to Riggs.”
After a long time, John slipped out of bed; Sherlock was so deeply asleep he didn’t even murmur. He looked down at Sherlock and remembered everything that had brought them into each other’s presence, and then into each other’s love.
Anderson said, grinning meanly.  “Too late again. We’ve got the murderer here.”
Then John looked up, and Sherlock saw everything he had seen reflected in John’s deep blue eyes.
He smiled for the first time in days.
“-You’re welcome – so your family was able to afford medical care. Also you have scarring on your hands that comes from rough mining work, and the blue tone of it indicates you worked with amniculusite, likely through your teenage years given how much the scars have faded.”
, and toward the practical.
“Love you.”
“My consolation is that the murderer is equally cold, wet and miserable, but has jail to look forward to. Are we going home?”
JOHN: Hope everyone enjoyed that. Take care of each other, wash your hands, be well.
“Indeed.”
Pavlović smiled, and the smugness of it both irritated and frightened Sherlock. He suddenly felt six years old, caught out in a lie by nanny. He tried to recover, keep his face impassive.
“Yes?”
Sherlock had always preferred to be clean shaven, but obviously the current circumstances did not allow for personal grooming. His beard came in, scraggly and embarrassingly ginger. Rosie was fascinated by it and would stroke his face as he read to her. He would tolerate it for a minute or two, then tickle her with his chin until she giggled and stopped.
“Don’t have one of those,” Jerome said. “But a park with a café, we’ve got a few of those.”
“John, your progress has been a pleasant surprise for me,” Mrs. Roshni said. She was giving John his mid-term evaluation, so the two of them were sitting together in the empty classroom, John’s works to date scattered over the table. “You had natural talent on the first day, but it’s been nice to see how much you’ve improved upon that.”
Sherlock sighed. “A little. Poisonings are usually fascinating, but the whole point of using poison is to give yourself distance from the murder. Sticking around to gloat is terribly dull.”
That blush, warming red over Sherlock’s ivory skin, make John stop. “I used to roll my eyes when people talked about Christmas miracles,” he said. “It all seemed so trite. Miracles didn’t happen, it was all just hard work and bad luck and just… getting on, you know?”
“I – Vivaldi’s
Anderson strode up to him and John as they stepped out of the hovercar. “You can go home. We’ve got him,” he said, pride puffing out his thin chest. “He didn’t go far, he was in the alley.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll want to speak with the staff,” Sherlock said, as they headed over to look at the tank. “John?”
John took the tiny paper animal between his fingers. “Cute. Naw, keep him with the rest of the zoo. Don’t want him to be lonely.
John couldn’t help grinning at Sherlock’s concept of a murder as a ‘fortunate coincidence’. “So if you knew about Valentine’s, what were we going to do if the case hadn’t happened?”
“Black clothes,” John grinned.
kind of attitude that grated against Sherlock’s nerves.
He came back to himself slowly, first aware of John’s breath, heavy and hot, against his temple.
John talks Sherlock into another Christmas party. Surprisingly, Sherlock agrees.
John stared up at Sherlock. His jaw tightened involuntarily, and he took a moment to breathe, breathe, breathe. “Why?” he managed at last.
“She’s very beautiful.”
“About home. About me coming home to you. About living – here. With you.”
John drank again, but not as desperately as before. He sat back, as though the act of drinking had exhausted him. “All right.
“Will the ship…?”
with no explainin’. I had just gotten home when you called, and then my boss called. Turns out it don’t matter whether you’re innocent of settin’ off a bomb or not, but being a suspect was enough and they didn’t care for my services any more. An’ apparently my landlord felt the same, so I had to move in with my sister, which is not what you might call fun. I’ve been skifflin’ ever since, trying to get work here and there, earn enough to get my ship and keep food in my mouth. But all of that ain’t excuses, ain’t excusable for speakin’ so short to you and not wavin’ you back. So. My apologies.”
“Not like I’ve got much choice in the matter, in case you’ve forgotten.”
Xièxiè/ Bié kèqì = Thank you/you’re welcome (more literally, ‘no thanks is needed’) (quite formal)
This time it fails on an epic level never before seen.
, John thought. Sherlock tended to sleep only periodically on a case, but he knew for himself that between the flight, the time change, and a new case, this was going to be a long day. “Is coffee nearby?”
“As are you, in different ways. He as a detective, you as a doctor… and perhaps even as an artist. Each of you have different gifts, and are talented in your own ways. Do you want his praise?”
“No, I think it’s more than that.” Jim yanked down Sherlock’s collar and kissed wetly down his neck and shoulder. “Wave again for the vidders, sweetheart. Perhaps we will give them a show after all. No, I think you fully expected to come up here, get me to confess all my crimes, and then go running to your brother or the police, perhaps bring them - this.”
Wordlessly, they looked up in wonder at the sight of the sun, breaking through the clouds at last.
“Not really a good time, right now, Holmes
I hear his voice break a little on ‘hours’, and I snap, “For God’s sake, Sherlock, just sit down! Stop avoiding this for fuck’s sake!”
“Yup, no problems,” John said. “Hi Rosie!”
“Not to worry, John. You relax. I suspect she’ll fall asleep shortly.”
John ignored his teacher’s whispered, “Dear God,” as he said, “Hey Sherlock. Sherlock, this is-”
As they came up the elevator, they could hear shouting – male voices barking orders, and Maja’s voice, high and distressed. Sherlock glanced at John, and saw his face drawn into worry, his body shifting into a defensive stance.
JOHN: Here we go. Five, six, seven, eight.
“I don’t want to take on any new clients right now.”
John called out, “Sherlock, we’re breaking atmo – we’re gonna lose him-”
“Would you mind repeating that a little louder for Detective Lestrade?” Sherlock said.
“Not even – I’da thought you’d been to Ariel?”
“Of course not, you morbid thing. It’s probably for the jets.”
John shoved Holmes against the wall as he heard the buzz of the bullet passing them. Holmes started to stand, and John, incredulous, pushed him back down. “Stay down, you-”
The sun was shining high through John’s window when they woke late the next morning. They had moved closer to each other in their sleep, their arms and legs tangled together. Their eyes opened at nearly the same time, gazing at each other, waiting for the other to panic, or make a joke, or bolt.
John shifted in his chair. “I can’t quite put my finger on it. But yeah. Like I’m missing something. I don’t understand it.”
John stared, incredulous, at Mr. Dunworthy, who had a small smile on his face as he shook his head.
“Not far now.”
Hi back
Sherlock stood and walked to his desk. “Excuse me, Mrs. Hudson,” he said, and began to pull together case notes.
“Right you are. I’ll find a place for them to lay down.”
Slade stared in horror and disbelief at Holmes, then at Inspector Martin and John. He saw affirmation in their eyes, and put his face in his hands and wept.
, John thought. “Is he – are you alright?”
Here, though the world explode, these two survive,
“No. He has more jumpers than I can count. I have been told in no uncertain terms to leave his jumpers alone.”
It was turning into an elaborate act of diplomatic choreography. The gate was now fully open, and the guards on each side were approaching it slowly and carefully, and Sherlock knew enough diplomacy to know the guards had instructions that their prisoners were to cross at the exact same moment. When they could go no further without stepping across the border, the guards released their charges. Sherlock growled when he saw John’s guard give him a firm push, making him stumble.
didn’t help. I couldn’t feel anything. When Mary came along, she helped me remember how to feel again. But it wasn’t the same, not at all. Then you came back.”
“Fuck,” Sherlock said again, muffled into his hand, then moved his hand away and gave into the keening sounds that threated to spill over.
“I think I’ve spotted him, Sh – Joseph,” John said. The man was picking up speed, and John followed suit. “Dressed in black, believe it or not. Heading southwest away from the theatre. Calling Jerome.”
Cubitt clapped a hand on John’s shoulder. “The best I can wish you, sir, is that someday you find someone that makes you as happy as my Elsie has made me.”
“I do, sir, and give it to you gladly,” Cubitt said. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a piece of paper. It was clear from the paper’s crumpled appearance that it had been in Cubitt’s pocket, near his heart, for some time.
All at once, however, Sherlock stopped talking and tensed, his eyes hooded and wary.
again, his hand on my elbow, his hands holding mine) clears away all my nervousness. I sit up, try to look them both in the eye. “The fact that you two are in love with each other.”
Lestrade and Molly were safe as well; apparently they had been on a clandestine holiday in Bristol when the bomb hit, and returned as soon as it was safe to do so. Sherlock was so miffed at having missed that they were in a relationship it took him a while to respond to any questions about meeting up with them.
“Hm. Well, that explains something.” She pulled out John’s sketches from the life class again. “Technically, these are excellent, but the other ones – the portraits of your family and friends – they just jump off the page. This is clearly Amy, but she doesn’t really jump, you see? I couldn’t figure out why this one,” she pointed at Sherlock, “was so vivid, and Amy wasn’t. But I was assuming he was a model and you didn’t know him. Clearly you draw the people you love better.”
John lifted his chin. “Don’t let’s waste time then,” he said, and turned away.
I stare down at my phone in complete confusion. The fuck?
“Calm down, princess. It’s here. I just needed to listen to some real music, get that stupid classical music out of my head. Can I not get a moment of privacy?”
After what must have been hours or even a whole day, another nurse entered, a male one this time, pushing a small trolley of instruments. The nurse didn’t even look at Sherlock in the face, but rather checked his vitals impersonally.
“That’s not all of it, is it, Sherlock?” Mrs. Hudson said.
Holmes nodded once, without expression, and opened the door.
“No.”
“Take the cuffs off, Anderson,” Lestrade said, walking up. “I’ve warned you about arresting people before you hear the whole story.”
Sherlock suddenly remembered standing on the edge of the roof at St. Bart’s. As confident as he was in his Lazarus plan, he had had a terrible, terrifying flash of doubt standing there. He had thrown away his phone, he knew there was no more delaying, and all he had to do was tilt forward. Just as he did, he felt fear shoot through him, the brief and certain knowledge that nothing would be the same again. Then gravity took him and started the chain of events that had brought him to this.
Sherlock was indeed bruised, his face obscured by both the oxygen mask and the purpling tone of his skin. His eyes were shut, but his fingers and legs moved restlessly across the sheets, and his head moved slowly from side to side, as though he was shaking his head ‘no’. Through the mask, Sherlock’s deep voice resonated in regular bursts.
Sherlock turned to face them. “About 100 kilograms,” he said. His eyes were dancing, and he was nearly bouncing on his toes. “Congratulations, Mr. Maitland,” he said. “This case has just elevated from a three to a seven.”
“Got it, heading him off,” Jerome said, and rang off. John slipped his phone into his pocket and broke into a run.
Sherlock, stop breaking into my office, please? Why do you think I keep changing the locks?”
He wrapped his old, threadbare, ugly, but beloved housecoat around him, grabbed a towel, and headed downstairs. He realized belatedly that in his hasty look at the flat yesterday, then rushing off on the cabbie case, he had never looked at the bathroom. Given the décor of the rest of the flat, John imagined a claw foot tub, large and deep and wide. Upon entering the bathroom, however, he saw instead a perfectly ordinary bath, in a shade of green that recalled the 1970s. He shrugged, put the plug in, and started the water.
He saw a tear begin to slip down her cheek, and he swiftly pressed his handkerchief into her hand. She smiled wetly at him and wiped at her eyes.
More of Sherlock’s tension ebbed away as each piece of clothing dropped to the ground. John gave himself a moment to look over Sherlock’s body – his long muscles, his flat stomach gone shaky with his breath, his strong shoulders and legs, his delicate feet. Sherlock watched him, observing John observing Sherlock, then reached up and tugged at John’s shirt.
“They just don’t want to be reminded that their agents broke every United Nations rule there is when they dealt with me.”
Wǒ de tiān a = Oh my God
“What?”
, all right?”
Holy shit.
Sherlock heard a soft rustle and sigh, as though John had shrugged. He wanted to reach through the layers of cloth and wood and springs of the sofa and touch John.
“You’ve a nice voice too, Sherlock.”
Sherlock enjoyed a few moments of imagining what the future held for Pavlović. The end of his career, at best. Then he resumed his pacing.
“So you wouldn’t sleep with a stupid person?”
“I don’t know why I’m hiding them,” he told Ella. “It’s not like I’m embarrassed about them, I’m quite pleased. But for some reason I’m uncomfortable with him seeing them.”
Sherlock disconnected and sat staring at the screen. The buzz in his ears grew louder and louder. He thought about calling Mrs. Hudson for fresh tea, then realized he wanted neither tea nor her chatty presence. He wanted to speak with one person, and one person only.
Then Mrs. Hudson was beside him, her cool hand on his. “Come now, Sherlock dear,” she said, and her voice was soft and beckoning. She pulled slightly on his hand, and he rose and followed her.
“Oh God, shit,
“Dunno.” Veronica shrugged. “I should call him too. How am I going to finish my thesis on voodoo practices if I can’t go back? It was supposed to be 18th century Haiti next.”
John knew the dance, that was clear, but Sherlock wondered how well he knew it. He wondered, and then he dared.
“Not a good idea then, unless he’s made a specific request. Has he? No? Then no. Can be perceived as unromantic, that you only see him as the household cook.”
John flushed at the notion that his enthrallment with the objects around him had been observed, but then he reminded himself that he was standing with the most observant man he’d ever met.
“Right. So?” Lestrade turned to Sherlock, who sniffed, shrugged, and strode into the aquarium.
“Surprise?”
Greg laughed with a bit of relief. “Well, that wouldn’t be the first time. He and John have done that a few times on their own. Just give that room a wide berth for an hour or so, and Riggs can pay the cleaning bill.”
, then another, and another, until his legs were throbbing with the impact of landing.
“Good heavens, Sherlock! Whatever happened to you?” Mrs. Hudson cried.
At night, he was woken by dreams: of dancing with Commissioner Yun, of John offering him strawberries; of the Commissioner’s hands on his waist in an alley, of John’s body broken and covered in dust. Each time he would wake with a silent gasp, then rise, wash his face, and return to work.
There was a rustle, and then a man emerged from the room Sherlock had assumed to be the kitchen. He was small in stature and small in posture, his shoulders pinched in from pain or apology. His face was lined and tired, his hair sandy and grey, but his vivid blue eyes told Sherlock that he was younger than his appearance – late 30s or early 40s. He leaned heavily on a cane, limping across the room to Sherlock, his hand extended.
“Nowhere today,” John said. He poured himself a cup of tea from the pot, still steaming; Mrs. Hudson must have only just left it. “Tea?”
I’m half expecting to see a line of desperate cases queued up down the street, but there’s no one there except for some people getting coffee from the café next door.
– French for ‘bread’.” He glowered at Lestrade, who had burst into laughter. “Your name is
“See, two of you, one of him. Ain’t even odds, is it? But now,” and the blond man’s left leg shot out and kicked at the knee of the big man, who howled as he went down, “now it’s fair.”
He could smell coffee.
“I don’t think the foundation could take it. Think of the weight of all this water. We’ll land in her sitting room.”
“Mmm. One of my clients gave it to me. One of the Terraformed worlds on the rim has figured out how to grow it. They can only produce a small crop and the transport costs are
Slowly, Sherlock began to disintegrate.
Oui, merci, mais pourquoi suis-je attaché? -Yes, thank you, but why am I restrained?
Sherlock slid his voice recorder out of his pocket. “All right Watson. Talk. Tell me why I shouldn’t beat the hell out of you right here and now.” He laid the recorder down on the table and pressed play.
