“Dean.”  His voice is assertive, aiding Dean’s thoughts to find peace.  Drool runs from Castiel’s mouth, as he never falters on suckling the candy.  The action is hypnotic, permitting the green-eyed man to forget everything but Cas.  The hunter inhales unhurriedly as he stares at glittering blue gems.  An imaginary bubble surrounds them, giving intimacy to the moment.  His fingers float on their own accord down to his bulging cock as they stroke the fabric.  Tears trickle to his cheeks as Castiel commands, “Now.”
Dr. Rourke smiles, plopping down on the floor next to them.  Dean gets a better whiff of the omega’s scent; not only is it omega but mated omega.  She’s perfect for them.
The giant ghost of a man Dean once knew snickers.  Both brothers are aware if Sam calls his bluff, Dean will fold.  Perhaps deceit is their new reality.
Suddenly the scent of gardenias and honey rushes Dean’s senses; the sweet aroma marking the birth of an omega child.  Pamela and Gilda smile bigger as they inhale.  Meg gives him a big thumbs-up.  Now the search for the special flower makes a little more sense.  He was yearning for his son’s smell.
Her blue eyes darken, “She’s your child.  Did you wait until after the wedding to spring another mouth to feed on Castiel?”
Castiel bounces his eyebrows in hopefully an inviting manner, a naughty grin on his lips. Instead of rejecting him immediately like he normally does, Dean slips down to his knees.  The marble tub is the only thing separating the alpha from a very naked, wet omega.  The older man tightens his fists, obviously having some sort of inner battle with himself.
“Yes.”  He halts to let Cas settle into his chair.  The alpha nods his head, and then Dean continues.  “I would like to modify the hard and soft limits sections.”
“Please don’t call my Omega names.  He’s beautiful.”  Cas’s hand cups Dean’s chin tenderly as if the Omega is something to cherish.  “So very strong—”
A boisterous yawn escapes his mouth.  God, he really needs to sleep; the ferry arrives in Dublin at 5 a.m.
“I’m not a logical person.  Mainly, I prefer working with worst case scenario which …” he doesn’t need to finish the sentence.  People die from melanoma.
“I know where all the booby traps are; it wouldn’t be fair.” With that Gadreel heads out through the front door.
“Well you heard him.  If you’re going, get ready,” Dean shouts as the children dash off for fear of being excluded.
It takes a beat before Dean’s lust sated brain catches up to the conversation, “Oh.  I think I’m first on his hit list.”
A calming hand grabs his shoulder, massaging it tenderly, ripping Dean from the sibling tirade occupying his mind. He tilts over, kissing the top of Cas’s ear, grumbling, “Sorry, I’ll unclench.”
The smile wipes right off the older Novak.  “In all seriousness.  You realize he won’t change; people jump into a relationship with my brother with high hopes of how their love will bring his emotions to life.  So fair warning: Castiel has been and will always be the best robotic impression of a human ever created.”
“It’s not necessary; being pregnant doesn’t mean weak.  Still an alpha on the outside same as you.”  Dean refuses to lose his swimming with Claire.
The current wave recedes, allowing him to snatch the phone and rolling to avoid the base crashing to the carpet. Quickly he dials 01 and waits.
“Calm down. I’m not sure she can be blamed. It appears the poor nurse is plagued by the same demons as Anna.” Castiel steps lower until his feet hit the grass. Alpha and Omega are maybe five feet apart at this point, and Cas can inhale without pain. “We know what caused it.”
Crowley examines the Alpha with a sidelong stare, “I never turn down an opportunity to be the center of attention.”
The trunk slams shut, startling Cas. He jumps, pivoting to watch his lover. Dean’s behavior has remained off, but nothing the omega can say will change that. His alpha will come around eventually. Castiel has faith.
Castiel’s reluctance to start a relationship with Dean seems warranted at this moment. There is a slight chance he killed two people. The younger man glances down where their fingers are still intertwined. “Why Beaufort?”
Chewing her lip, Jo nods. “Okay.  We aren’t going to do anything directly, and one more hug then we have to go back to the house or the alphas will notice.”
Once they are alone Castiel gestures to the chair across the table from him.  “I assume you are the person who feels my motives are less than admirable?”
“No, we still have some work to do.  I don’t want you to lose hope. I’m amazing at my job so believe me when I say there is still something we can do to kick cancer in its ass.”
Dean tilts forward, kissing the love of his life gently. Since the moment he crashed into those gorgeous blue eyes on the Beaufort docks, his life has never been the same. There have been good times and bad, but through it all they have always had each other.
As the vehicle pulls to the corner for Dean to exit, he turns to his brother, “Are you okay spending time with Meg?  I don’t want her roaming the streets alone.”
Gadreel fights off laughter as he signs to Eileen.  The woman hoots uncontrollably because she can’t hear the noise she’s making and doesn’t stop till Gadreel smacks her thigh.
Dean sticks up his pointer finger, “You laugh, but have you met the people in our lives.  We could make Dr. Shurley a millionaire with all the crazy.”
She hastily types out a response, mumbling, “Gabe agrees.  Maybe take a hit of Cas bouquet for the road.”
No doorbell rings, no knocks, just two nieces storming the doors have poor Fish in a panic.  Castiel has mentioned several times that Fish has anxiety issues; Dean’s never witnessed it until now. The dog starts whining and running in circles; he’s moving so quickly Dean’s looking to see if his tail is actually on fire.
“On it.” He grabs his discarded grey Henley from the floor, tossing it on before opening the front door.
It’s funny.  Dean was expecting a huge relief or rush of joy when the steel door was no more.  There is definitely excitement, nerves, but also the omega’s curious about how his alpha lives.  What exists beyond the door?
“Not just Cas,” Sam points at Dean, “we all are here because of you, Dean.  Let us take care of everything for you.  I know a five-year-old who is busting to decorate.”
A knock at the door pops their bliss bubble.  Charlie sticks her head in, “Castiel, your seminar starts in one minute.  Have you two made up?”
Dean grips his chin harshly tugging so blue eyes meet green.  “Yes, it is alpha it will always be for you.”  Castiel opens his mouth to correct his Omega but Dean places a finger over his lips.  “I love you Cas.  You gave me everything and never stopped.  It doesn’t even occur to you how spoiled I am you just keep giving.  Tell me what you want Cas so I can thank you properly.”  His eyebrow cocks the wicked smirk returning.
“Really? In one hour I’m going to meet the only person that Cas will ever put in front of me. What happens when she hates me?”
“Correct.  We are joined by my guardian angel, Uriel.” The guy affectionately pats his friend’s thigh.
“But I do need more knots, so why not make it a game.  It’s all I’m saying babe.”  Dean crashes onto his pillow, pulling it under his head.  Castiel can hear the faint Omega snores before he has the safe room door open.
Changing directions with a quick left, Dean grabs the first fire escape ladder he reaches, scaling it to the roof. Fortunately, the neighborhood on this side of the compound is all businesses and empty buildings.  Once at the top Dean flattens his body to the roof, listening intently for the goofballs to pass him.  He should be high enough and down wind to keep his scent muted.
A soft but firm grip tugs on his chin Dr. Hanscum tone deadly serious, “All Cancer journey’s are different.  I’ve been at this for over a decade and I’ve never had two cases match exactly.  The one thing they all have in common though is it sucks.  Don’t compare, don’t let anyone make you feel as if your cancer path is not hard.  You fight your battle Dean and be proud.  We are all cancer warriors and you are hurting, so let me do my gosh darn job and ease it.  Heavens to Betsey, Dean I gotta do my part or the hospital will stop paying me the big bucks.”
Castiel swallows the last of his snack before turning to Dean with a look of confusion.  “What does that mean?”
With an absolute gaze of reverence, Cas whispers, “Lemniscate is not long enough to spend with you.”
Scratching his head, Dean battles with how honest to be with his baby brother.  Cas invited Sam to stay with them whenever the younger Winchester has the free time.  Yet, he’s not emotionally ready to defend himself against the budding lawyer.
“If you knew me you would be questioning the belief too.”  Dean smirks, twisting his fingers together.
Grabbing the stereo’s remote, Dean lowers the volume, his attention focused on the sexy alpha.  “What’s up Cas?”
Omegas bring life, children and all the colors to the world.  However, Dean looks around, noticing all the angels surrounding him are alphas. Do they even have beta angels? Another question for the growing list.
“Dean, please have a seat.”  The hunter obeys, drinking in the stunning skin of his angel.  The nude colored, mini spandex shorts give the illusion that Cas is naked.  He gawks at the black angel wings flowing down Castiel’s shoulders.  If only he could stroke the dark feathers, but it’s a fleeting desire.  Dean swallows dryly, suddenly wishing he had some water.  He quickly adjusts his crotch because everything seems to be getting tighter down there.
Noticing Dean’s goosebumps and shiver, Cas saunters over to the small fireplace. The omega doesn’t wish to break the tension in the room as he lies motionless, naked on the mattress. After a few minutes a blaze roars; Dean feels the heat, especially when Cas turns back to him, stripping away his own clothing.
The chain on his neck compresses harder, forcing Dean to use more of his arms to push back against the building pressure.  Stars begin dancing in front of his face from lack of oxygen.  Shit, Lucifer has the upper hand.  This is why the asshole shot him first. Dean doesn’t have the strength.  He’s going to die.  Shaking his head, Dean attempts to stay conscious.
Castiel hastily crosses so both men reach the center of the room at the same time, their chests banging together.  “Out!  Jody I want him off this case.”
Only then does his sweet Omega still, opening his eyes to stare at Castiel. “I scared Claire.  Oh my God Cas I am so sorry, please don’t be angry.”
Castiel’s eyebrows crinkle with confusion.  An Alpha so rarely hears the word perhaps he doesn’t believe.
Gabriel leans against the wall, rubbing his beard.  He looks old and weathered, “It was added in the fifties when science started creating pups instead of Mother Nature.  If a bloodline is ever called into question, then a child conceived naturally would be considered purer and therefore would win.”  He takes a shallow breath, “Claire is here because of science.  For that reason alone, Dean’s pups will always be favored, legally.  If this Omega is trying to clear the way,
Carefully, with complete caution, Castiel lowers both omegas to the dirt.  Grasping his true mate’s wrist, Dean squeezes, “Release us, give me time to care for him, but please, Castiel, visit my next dreamscape.  I need you.”
The walk back is slow.  Dean’s brain-twisting and turning on the new information.  Castiel is his true mate.  He yanks out his phone dialing the person who will be brutally honest.
One thing about Bela, she has this very clear tell when she’s lying.  It’s tiny, only years of playing poker against her has taught Dean how to spot it.  As he observes her, Bela’s right thumb twitches.  Incredibly faint but enough to complete the picture for Dean.  Bela knew the whole plan.
“Oh I wasn’t aware you were in here, Mr. Novak.  I can relieve you.  I’m sure you have important work to attend to,” the omega nurse responds.
“No; it might not have been the wisest choice. Yet my heart is finally home, and my knot is very happy in this moment.”  A huge smile encompasses Cas’s entire face.  “I can’t be angry with you, Dean, for I would have done the same.”
Meg giggles as Sam doesn’t let her feet touch the ground.  Dean scans the room and doesn’t see his angel.  “Where’s Cas?”
Eventually his wrist gives out and the flogger flies across the room, smacking against the St. Andrew’s Cross.  Dean’s panting from exertion.  His lungs are shrieking for more oxygen, but he can’t keep up with the demand.  Crashing to the floor, Dean catches himself before his head cracks against the concrete.  He’s dehydrated and Dean’s not stupid; he requires care for the self-inflicted wounds on his back.
“Something about her sets off my fury.  The alpha in me wants her dead for no apparent reason.  I toss the needle to the floor, beating her across the face.  She’s crying from fear as I assault her.  In one quick movement I break her neck, and the sobbing stops.  There is a mirror where the window should be, and as I look at my reflection my lips curl into a malicious smirk while dropping her cold dead body to the floor.  The green of my eyes replaced by the red of alpha rage.”
Having zero fucks to give, Dean zips dangerously through traffic as he makes his way home.  The pain from his butt is a mere distant thought.  Squealing tires on his baby typically make Dean cringe; he doesn’t hear a single squeak. It’s a good twenty-five minutes from door to door; tonight Dean accomplishes it in fifteen.  He probably broke a dozen laws, but who cares.  Abiding by the law has never been his forte.
“Only for the fucking cheese,” Dean groans as he stands toddling down the path to Eden Village.  “Just to the fountain and back.”
Using what’s left of his alpha strength, Dean flips April on her back, banging her arm until the needle drops to the floor. “You are done here, fired, adios, bitch.”
Dean’s fingers traipse along the door.  The wood’s been repainted since he dug into it with his fingernails, but he can still find the scratches.  Some things you can’t hide.  Lifting his other hand, Dean brushes over the supple white fabric masking his scars.  What if Cas doesn’t want an ugly omega?  His alpha often calls him handsome, kind of untrue now.  He’s refused to view what lies beneath the bandages, and no one has forced him, so how bad the damage is still remains a mystery.  Fear of the unknown is better than acceptance.
Quickly Castiel pulls off his coat and jacket, rolling up the sleeves on his white dress shirt.  Anything for a reprieve from the endless sauna.  Although, the uncomfortable temperatures have helped him to deal with the endless ache of missing Dean.  The separation from his omega finds Castiel in a constant state of utter loss.  His hands seem useless without handsome flesh to caress.  Breathing is a chore unless the scent of honeysuckle drifts on the air.
It’s not a question. Dean licks his lips, a knowing smirk plastered to his glorious mouth. “Yes, little omega.”
“Here’s the thing.  Right now, during your year of battling cancer, it’s a free pass for the good stuff.”  The oncologist raises an eyebrow.  “I understand wanting to be present for important life moments, but there is a possibility the pain will keep you from being yourself.”
The same carriage as before with black steeds at the front sits outside of the house. Charlie has climbed on top, waving wildly at him. He gives her a nod before stepping into the main cabin. Immediately he spots Sam, his nose deep in a book.
“I should be asking you that, Dean. You are the one that will be sporting an orange jumpsuit in an hour.” Cas kisses his forehead lovingly. “But I’m okay. You will get released on Monday, and then we will worry about the rest. Three nights is a long time, but we can make it. I’ve arranged for you to have a private cell.”
Sam turns away, clearly trying to not make eye contact with his older brother, “Well, shit, I think you need to know.  Just promise me to stay cool headed and relaxed.  Swear?”
“CASTIEL!  DEAN!”  Hannah shouts, holding a green glass bottle.  “You both have wounds that need to be treated.”
After some time a third finger is added. The intrusion is welcomed and Dean hums in approval. The sensation is pleasant, but he can tell that Novak is intentionally ignoring Dean’s happy spot. The sub considers directing Cas to nail his prostate, but the slow build of pleasure under his flesh is good enough for now, besides, he does want to orgasm on Cas’s cock.
“Well, after a day of waiting, I talked Harry into donating some blood for the cause, and we made the leap.”
A delicate blush blossoms over the alpha’s cheeks and neck.  “The winter after my second birthday, Joshua, the seer from the Eden Mountains, came into my father’s throne room.  He announced to everyone the mortal omega that would save angel kind had been born.  The group asked Joshua how we would be able to identify such a gift.  He pointed directly at me and said, ‘the child will know.’  The elderly angel gave no more information before leaving for his cabin on the top of the mountain range.”
He’s gasping for air and soaked in his own sweat by the time he opens the front door to his apartment.  “Honey, I’m home!”
Now his decision to include Sam Winchester was the best he’s ever had, the alpha has a personal reason to make this happen.  Sam’s laser focus will keep this mission on track.  “Just tell me where to go.”
Dean catches Castiel’s eyes and the faint smile.  Clearly his fiancé and Charlie have cooked something up for the ceremony, and he can’t find a reason to not obey.  Cas deserves the best wedding possible.  He rushes those gorgeous full lips, feeling whole when they touch his own.  God, he loves Castiel.
After dinner, Dean sticks around to help Gabriel clean up. One of the orderly’s sits on a sofa reading a magazine while they work.  The dude is in navy blue scrubs, which is supposed to delineate him from the nurses.  The name on his key card says Gordon Walker.
Kevin and Castiel bust out in giggles. The pain from the exploit is rough, but Cas can’t seem to care.  That will go down as one of the funniest moments in his life.
Gadreel drops them off slightly before 5:00pm, giving Castiel time to check in on Dean. Meg dashes into the duplex, leaving the door open. As he enters the Winchester home, Cas senses the fullness of love in the tiny place. Novak follows the exaggerated words of a five year old, regaling her audience with stories of her day at the festival.
Cas clearly trails the noise, spotting the omega quickly.  The Alpha grabs Dean by the hips, a growl reverberating against the trees.  In a swoop, with an amazing show of strength, Castiel tosses the omega over his shoulder; a quick smack to his ass leaves him breathless.
“No omega has ever won all five rounds?  Right?”  The spectators are getting restless, their jeering becoming louder by the moment.
The dom’s eyes go stern with confusion, “Dean, you aren’t in your collar? There will be no rough play.”
Dean sees the violently flowing canal and relaxes.  If his directions are correct, he can turn left and hike his way home.  He winds along the river, listening to the sounds of the forest when a person sitting on the banks startles him.
Mother Novak halts his progress by planting herself in front of the shopping cart and latching onto both sides.  “You do not want me as an enemy.  I could tear your unethical relatives apart with one phone call.  I’m sure it wouldn’t take much to find a judge who would rule Castiel as incompetent and unable to care for his own finances.  I mean just look at the history.  Meets a man and marries him not even two months later.  Uses outrageous amounts of money to woo said man, including hunting down his abandoned daughter and don’t even get me started on how much rehab and a private sober companion is costing my son.”
A buzzing noise from his pocket alerts Dean of an incoming text.  Opening it up, Dean smiles at the image of Ruby and Portia curled around each other, taking a nap.  His sweet little alpha often forgets that Portia is Dean and Cas’s dog.  When he looks up he spots Cas and Lucifer stepping outside in the backyard.  Dean may be a bit overprotective of his alpha as he chases behind them.
“The rainy season has begun, Sammy, and we’ve got six silver coins between us.”  He doesn’t add what they both know to be true.  If Sam had presented as an alpha he could have found real work or attended school to better their place in the world.  Unfortunately, the dream was gone and now Dean had to buck up to keep them both alive.  Turning to face his brother, Dean puts on a faux smile, “hey, think of this as an adventure.”
Two hours and still no sign of Donna.  Castiel’s attempts at cuddling with Dean have been thwarted with threats of dismemberment.  His Omega doesn’t wish to accept reality.  The TV is playing an old episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer.  A story about a young Omega who battles evil to save others.  Castiel isn’t blind to the similarities.
“I don’t believe an Alpha caregiver would be right for Dean.”  He can almost visualize Cas’s head dipping to the side.  “Does the psychiatrist have any experience in dealing with Dean’s …issues?”
Castiel slinks back to the front yard, scaling the side of the porch. From his perch, he has an excellent view of the Live Oaks. He can make out the silhouette of those delicious shoulders in the second tree to the right of the driveway. All he can think is this better fucking work as he swings the stone into one of the windows. The crashing noise of breaking glass fills the surrounding area. Immediately Castiel dives over the railing, landing on the grass. Lying on his stomach, he spies Dean’s head bobbing up and down trying to identify the source of the blaring racket.
An explosion of colors blinds the room.  As the others recover, Dean slides onto his alpha’s lap, kissing him harshly.  The caress of his alpha’s hands freely sliding down his spine while their tongues stroke one another sends Dean’s brain into overdrive.  One single goal left.
He startles when Casey returns with his order along with multiple plates of food.  “Darling, I haven’t ordered anything to eat yet.”
A loving grin spreads across Castiel’s face.  Sam has never seen anything like it but just the thought of his brother is making the alpha glow.  “Do you believe in true mates?”
Throwing her head back, Donna bursts into laughter, “Oh my Lord, that’s hilarious.  People actually believe that nonsense?”
Lifting Dean’s face, Cas stares into his eyes, “If the powers of Heaven want you here and me at war, what will happen if you go into labor early or, God forbid, there is a complication to the pregnancy?”
“Yes,” Dean answers, shutting the door behind his brother. “Have you eaten? We have leftover spaghetti.”
Playfully whispering Meg replies, “Did God visit you?  Are you pen pals?  I’ve been told there is a wide variety of pills to help with visual hallucinations.  Although, I admit your backyard buddy must be pretty decent in the sack to keep you coming back for more.  Do you think Chuck is God?  Is he withholding the divine salami until you procure another sucker to marry you and finance your lifestyle?”
Dean’s throat constricts.  He can breathe through his nose, but no noise will leave his mouth.  The jerk has silenced him.  Panic explodes over the omega because his words need strength through sound to be successful.  He’s a sitting duck.
She shrieks louder with each hit.  Now, each limb has a cut along with several on her torso and a nasty slice across her forehead.  Man, his aim’s spot on today.
“Well, your scans are in, and the tumor is a biggie.  I will also be flipping you to the front part of your groin.  It seems that’s where the tumor is draining, and I want to biopsy a few lymph nodes.  Okay?”
Castiel and Dean leave the room swiftly. as they make a direct line to the green bedroom.  After the door is shut and they are alone the Omega takes his mates face into his hands.  Placing his lips onto Cas’s, he kisses the other man roughly.  The alpha loses himself in the heavenly taste and smell of his lover.  The world may be going to hell but in here in this moment he is full of hope.  Once the kiss breaks they strip down to their boxers and climb under the covers.
Lips crash together as Dean sighs into the kiss.  All the pain vanishes as Dean pulls back and with complete clarity, “Cas will you please fucking mate me?”
“You love me.”  Dean’s eyes are wide and inviting, which mirrors his heart in the moment.  “I love you.  Pheromones, be they mating or pregnancy, have nothing to do with how we feel.  When my body stops pumping out ‘keep me happy smells,’ your love for me won’t change.”
The sentence has Dean grinding his teeth, not amused with the idea of Castiel calling the dead woman my omega.
He wanders through the sliding glass door off the kitchen, which leads to the expansive wooden deck.  The view from the porch is amazing, rolling hills of green with oak trees lining the south side.  The area is marked with a ten-foot privacy fence.  Castiel may be confined to the house and the backyard, but when said yard spans two acres, it’s not so terrible.
“Dick Roman.”  Silence surrounds them as his brother proceeds to gradually, and very methodically, rip apart a couch cushion.  “Crowley said if you want help burying the body, we do it tonight, otherwise Roman gets booted from the compound tomorrow morning after breakfast.”
Carefully carrying the bags, they head towards a grand staircase with red carpet.  “This will take us up to the second floor and the bedrooms.”
Cas’s words take a moment to sink in, Dean’s brain hopelessly attempting to hear anything else.  “You don’t want me?”  The omega chokes on the aching in his heart.
Open orange fields with a delicate splattering of cinnamon.  The bouquet has the omega snatching both Meg’s arms and holding the woman in place as Dean deepens the inhale; opening his mouth slightly, letting the air flavor his tongue.  God he’s battling against a wave of desire to lick the poor scent expert.
The news of his surprise has Dean diving into his meal with vigor.  Castiel snickers as he takes the seat next to his mate, eating his own serving of pancakes, sausage, and potatoes.
Tears come from nowhere because Dean refuses to weep.  “I care.  My husband cares.  Please, Sam if he were to release those videos it could destroy a lot of lives.”
“Maybe, one day, Cas.” Dean strokes the top of Castiel’s hand with his thumb.  “Our situation is different.”
Anxiety rattles Dean’s mind, tossing a shiver over his shoulders.  There are hundreds of Angels on the station platform and beyond; unlike the first one this time they stand perfectly motionless staring at Dean.  No one speaks; no one hustles along to reach their destination.  The group is paying homage.  Charlie told him this morning, announcements and heralds have been crying out for hours.
As Mary rolls her eyes, Dean’s expecting a snide reply, but then a miracle happens as his mother inhales and pushes her shoulders back.  “We need to get past this, Dean.”
“You seem to have a knack for finding yourself the victim, Mr. Winchester, have you ever thought that you’re the problem?”  Stark scratches his chin innocently.
Snapping her black bag shut, Hannah answers, “Be charming. Entice them with a smile and conversation, you are not expected to do anything more.”  She stands, “I’m going to go but seriously you two …Dean will be able to handle it.”  With her final advice Hannah heads out the door with a quick, “Good luck.”
“Fuck yeah it does!”  Ash stands, slamming his palm on the desk.  “We deserve more than being hoodwinked by a system predominated by alphas.”
A bright white light explodes from his connected palm with Joshua, splashing the illumination over the Shadow Alpha.  A male alpha shorter than himself materializes.  Castiel uses his one free hand to slam the man to the sand screaming, “Who are you and who do you work for?”
Dean hates being up early.  He has a strong belief: Man should never rise with the sun.  However, today is important and Hael has called for a special omega breakfast.  Dressing quickly, Dean kisses his alpha, jealous the bastard’s still sleeping, and slips down the stairs.  Meg zips out of Charlie’s bedroom with a wide smile.  If he weren’t running late Dean would harass the fairy for information.  Nonetheless, his flying friend settles on his shoulder for the walk to the Novak private hall.
Castiel tosses all his thoughts to the side as Dean struts out, shaking his hips in a very tight pair of leather pants and white tank top. “Hey check it out Cas, I can be a hipster.”  He then cocks a fedora to the side of his head, laughing hysterically at the joke.
The antique wooden table sits in the center of the kitchen, taunting him.  Castiel strokes the spot where Dean’s blood pooled after he bit the omega’s silky-smooth neck; he can almost scent the omega.  Nothing about this is fair.  Why must they suffer for the happiness of others?  His mind is spinning from the emotional turmoil of flipping between belief and doubt in his mother’s cause.  All Omegas should be free.  Dean’s shown him the importance of giving all designations the right to live, yet Castiel can only feel the pain of losing his own omega.  If Dean has hope in Meg’s secret scheme, then so will the Alpha.  The end goal is clear.  How they get there should be negotiable.
He watches the other omega climb down the ladder and exit through the barn door. With one last glance of the loft, Cas strips down naked, folding his clothes and placing them on a chair in the corner. Taking a moment, the omega traces several alpha/omega symbols on the barn’s roof. Once a symbol of longing and separation, but also a promise to never ending devotion, the marks now represent their commitment to each other as equal partners.
The corner of his Alpha’s lips ticks up, “Can I assume you stopped for your craving after visiting the house?”
Castiel wakes the next morning to the lingering aroma of cherries. A smirk finds its way onto his face as he thinks about waking up every morning to the smell of Dean in his space.  He glances at the alarm clock realizing that it’s after nine in the morning.  The young father can’t even remember the last time he slept this late.  The beta nannies arrived at eight so Castiel was always the one to wake with is daughter.  The alpha stretches, rolling his muscles, taking in the peace and quiet.  Dean slept in Claire’s room, leaving Castiel alone in the king size bed with silk sheets.  He gradually moves to the bathroom to brush his teeth as memories of last night trail through his mind.  He finds the whole process a little disconcerting in the end because he barely knows Dean, and yet they have shared a very intimate moment.  Terror shoots over those blue eyes as he wonders if Dean even wanted it.  He settles on the fact that Dean needed to be properly scented before they left the campus.  There is only one other reason for Castiel to touch the Omega intimately ever again, the claiming bite.  Over the next 31 days, the alpha will be required by law to either claim Dean or send him back.  He glares into the mirror, a sudden hunger and rage burning through his veins, “My Omega is never coming back to this place.”  A low guttural growl accents his words, surprising the alpha in the reflection.  God, what is wrong with him?
Both men stare into her gentle face; Dean notices a twinkle in her eyes.  Cas, unsure, asks, “With what?”
“Party manners mean cake.  I only saw pies in the kitchen.”  She squirms out of the Alpha’s hold, the silver zipper running the front of the dress.
“Stop!” His brother drags his fingers through his unruly locks, “Stop now, please, of all that is holy, stop now.”
Her eyes grow to saucers as she takes in his words. “How in the hell are you planning that? Dean’s rut isn’t due again until mid-November.”
The omega’s orgasm rips through his center, wracking his hips with a massive jerk.  He takes several deep breaths, then stands, releasing the dildo from his ass.  He enters his bedroom for clean clothes when his nose is assaulted with the stench of death.  It consumes him to the point he can almost taste the rotting flesh.  With that image, the omega vomits leaving it to further the evidence.  Dean decides that he can’t wear anything in this room and heads to Sam’s to steal some sweatpants.  They will be a little long, but honestly the o
A gust of desire blows over Dean as he sits up, smashing his mouth into Castiel’s.  The kiss tells his alpha everything.  He requires the touch of his mate with a gentle caress only Cas can provide.  Dean falls back, the cool of the leather from the sofa calming the ache from the whip.
“The Dean Winchester I know and love would rather die than linking his soul to a fucking Alpha.”  She spits in Cas’s face.  “Killing you will free him of both problems.”
“He’s not visiting; this is my husband.  I want all his privileges restored or I will consider bringing this incident up with Mr. Iger when we meet for drinks tonight.”
“She made a blood pact with a wickedly creepy guy.”  His friend leans in close, Ash’s breath nearly giving Dean a contact high, “Her first-born omega will be the one to save us all.”
The soulless voice declares, “Omegas the local time is 11:20 p.m.  All support personnel must leave the field.”
Castiel jerks his head to the beginning beat, allowing the bouncing to move down his shoulders, then hips.  By the time the strong rhythm takes off, the angel is jumping wildly around the room, letting the sound guide him.  Meg leaps onto the bed, springing so high she almost hits the ceiling fan.  The two friends are so astray in their movements; they miss the brothers entering the room.
A brick of stress that had been sitting on Dean’s shoulders falls away.  Sam understands and can see why they must not mate till after the birth.  “Exactly, so we have decided to mate about a month after the kid is born.  You know, make sure all the pheromones are back to normal.”
The federal prison in Otisville is not what Dean imagined.  Think less HBO’s Oz and more Netflix’s Orange is the New Black.  This man kidnapped and brutally raped his angel for two weeks, and he gets three years here.  Well actually 17 months due to overcrowding and good behavior.  Dean’s faith in the justice system is dying a quick death as he waits for his name to be called.
The name alone brings tears to Dean’s eyes.  Suddenly the voices are a breath of fresh air.  The omega sobs, “Charlie?”
Suddenly the omega notices the bright side.  Castiel stands next to the bed less than a foot from Dean, well within touching distance.  Between the baggy overcoat and haphazard dark suit, Dean can only guess to what lies beneath.  He sits back on his ankles with his knees bent, Dean’s hands tapping on his thighs.  A strong anxious aroma builds in the room.
Nodding, Dean replies, “Lucifer killed his guard.  Lucifer assaulted my nurse.  Lucifer was going to rape her.  I had no choice.”
Humming softly, his husband pauses to listen.  One of the best things about Castiel Novak, he always believes in what’s important to Dean.  No discussions, no need to explain, Cas absorbs Dean’s words and has faith in their truth.  It’s liberating.  Definitely a reason he fell in love with the man.
“Yes, yes, I’m fine.” Dean feels like an idiot for overreacting, but as he glances over at his silent friend, the stillness is off putting to say the least, and he can’t help the concern that refuses to leave his mind.
A paper grocery bag sits in the footwell by his Omega.  The other man roots through their arsenal of travel snacks pulling out half an eaten pumpkin pie.  “Score!  It even smells perfectly fine, and you thought pie needed refrigeration.”
“I’m guessing while he’s here I’m to stay with Claire.”  Dean needs to sleep in her room for a few nights anyway.
Juggling the alpha with one arm, Dean proceeds to lower his jeans and underwear to his thighs.  “Shit, of course it’s got to be in the winter.”  The cold air is shrinking the family jewels.  He drops Cas on the ground as he jumps around to shed the clothing.  Picking him back up, Dean whispers, “Sorry.”
“According to Michael, the two Omegas have been spending a month every summer in Europe for years.  He assures me they had nothing to do with it, and will send them down to Savannah upon their return.”
His brother takes a deep breath. His eyes are searching Dean for something but seem to come up empty. “We made that plan when I was 16 years old. I can’t go to law school so it’s time for a new dream.”
“Thank you.”  His alpha vanishes for a moment, returning with a paper towel to clean off the ick from under his nose and hands one to Dean for his finger.  “Now I believe you had information to share with me.”
“Umm thanks.” He croaks deciding whether or not the couch is safe. A few of the less disgusting stains seem to be growing friends; however, Missouri would kill him for being rude, so he tentatively sits next to Chuck. “How do you know about all of that?” Then he raises his hand, suddenly catching one of Chuck’s statements. “Wait, what do you mean I called for you?”
“Don’t lie to me, something is wrong.”  There is a building anger in his tone.  A tension packed giggle explodes from Castiel’s throat.  His kindhearted lover is too late. “Damn it Cas, we can fix this.”
As Dean leans against his chest, the alpha murmurs into Dean’s ear, “You can do this.  I have faith.”
Without warning, a single leg is flopping over the side as Claire carefully lowers herself to lie next to Dean.  They are both on their back with their heads turned towards each other.  Gentle inhales and exhales are the only sound.  Little fingers lace with Dean’s, the touch grounding his wild mind.  Claire’s scent of baby powder washes over Dean as they both smile.
“Hey, no need to be rude.”  Dean swigs the last of his coffee, a tingling in the back of his neck pulling him towards the alpha.  No, he’s not an idiot, Castiel only seems to lose his shit when he or Claire are involved.  Putting his mug in the sink, he forces himself to ask, “Do we know what caused it?”
The definitive way Cas speaks settles several fears in the back of his mind.  His alpha already considers him family.  However, before Dean can ask something else Cas stops, tugging Dean’s arm to do the same.  Castiel pulls Dean closer, giving him a proper hello kiss with teeth and tongue.
“They have kids, Cas.  It would be rude to keep the little ones waiting for dinner.”  A vibrant red fluffy towel dries Dean’s skin.
“We had to stand in a corner for ten minutes if we were bad, or had to write out sentences for an hour.” Castiel understands now why Dean sent him across the country to Pontiac. “My school didn’t physically harm us in any way.”
“We need to stop talking in questions.  It’s annoying.”  He lays the outfit on the bed and dashes into the bathroom.
“I feel everything.  Right now, I think the list of emotions I don’t have would be shorter.”  He stares up at the ceiling, wondering when the buzzing sensation from his bite will stop.  Also, the black goo imagery continues to run in his mind.  Slightly unnerving.  What’s even weirder is while he can view the Shedim creeping around the cage, Dean can also envision Cas stewing on his revelations since the bite.  Seems the alpha wants more.
“Taking a bath because he fared worse than you with the Fae Shine hangover.”  Charlie points to a few possibilities Dean shaking his head.
A young woman is currently on the stage singing a Taylor Swift song and it’s a little painful. Cas heard his sub singing
He chuckles placing a kiss to the professor’s chilly nose.  “Yeah, but I’m talking about the air itself.  It’s electrifying with energy anticipating the first snow.”
“Umm, do you think I might get to head back to Jess’s parents’ house to shower and change?” He motions to his disheveled clothes, the stench of urine on his pants makes his stomach roll.
“Dean, it’s been decided.  We will stay at least for a year.”  Castiel’s lips drag over the shell of the omega’s ear.  “It’s been so long since I’ve been out in the world, I’m not sure I’m ready either.”
“Wait, that’s just weird conspiracy people that think like that.  Dean, come on, nobody is going to drag you to some hidden base for sterilization simply because you can actually get pregnant.”  She’s using her sassy teen tone, but he can tell she’s frightened by the thought.
“Once we had a general location it didn’t take Charlie long to find Lucifer.  He owned a house in a multi-million-dollar neighborhood of Marietta, GA.  Didn’t even try to hide.  Taking our cue from every heist movie ever made we cased the joint.  We rented an apartment on the other side of town.  I made friends with several Omega housekeepers from the same neighborhood.  Underpaid maids are always quick to gossip.  Lucifer threw parties every Friday.  Ever heard of make ‘em scream games?”
Unhurriedly, the alpha moves without a care in the world, kissing down Cas’s abs, working his mouth out to each hip, and then following the sharp cut line to his crotch. Biting the wet black panties, the alpha tugs them down with his mouth until they pull free from Castiel’s body. Tossing the cloth to the side, Dean rises to standing, removing his jeans and silk red boxers. The omega smirks at the romantic gesture. God, staring at Dean naked before him is like looking directly into the sun, but the rays from this glorious sight force him to never turn away.
Dean digs the heels of his palm into his eye sockets, exhaling violently. Castiel stretches out his hand until his fingertips are ghosting over his alpha’s muscular torso, not yet truly touching, but craving it deeply.
Dean’s teeth grind on - owns.  The man believes wealth and power are how to woo an omega; shit, he should introduce Ishim to Bela.  Actually, no one deserves such a nasty guy.
“Damn, true mate.”  His dearest of friends utters over the phone.  “Have you told him about your extra-curricular Alpha activities?”
“You can’t feed an Alpha canned soup and stale crackers.”  He rolls his eyes at the ridiculous sexist statement.
Castiel blinks, waking from his disturbing dream. A hand cards through the omega’s raven locks, but it’s not Charlie.
“Yes, Sir.” It takes effort over the sub’s crazy gasping, but Cas hears it enough to continue the hoovering of Dean’s cock.
The beta grinds his teeth in rage, “I’m not going to ask nicely again, Castiel.  Shout out to your friends, or I start shooting.  The leg first perhaps, so you can match your niece.”
Dean is still quiet when Castiel’s phone rings.  The alpha’s first instinct is to ignore the fucking thing, but when it dies for a minute then starts again, it appears that the caller is not giving up.  Lifting the cell to his ear, he glances the caller ID: Michael Novak.
A particularly harsh strike blows Dean’s eyes open with a cry of bliss, his gaze centering on the shiny knife only a few feet from him. Cas has never crossed the line into proper blood play, and Dean’s enthralled.  The tiniest of voices in the back of Dean’s brain reminds him of Cas’s hallucinations.  Should he really let Cas take it that far?  Only one answer blares in reply, yes.
“If this spell by the angels keeps them physically out, then how were there monsters for Dad to catch?”
“Alright boys and girls, blindfold time,” the Hunter coach announces.  “Remember, your time begins when you are told …go.”
Lucifer and Hael are guiding him out of the throne room and across the courtyard.  Dean shivers in the freezing night air, Uriel’s coat loose on his shoulders.  He turns to Castiel’s mother. “Hael, I need Charlie or Nora.  Please don’t make me sleep alone, not tonight.”
Relaxing into the seat Dean, pats down the supple material.  His Alpha host allows the lens to linger on Dean before plopping into his own matching chair. “Now, a little birdie told me you’re wearing a vintage handcrafted replica circa 1940s.”
He watches his boyfriend as they walk back to the car.  Cas’s movements are more animated, as if he’s trying to hide a great weight.  An agonizing nervousness builds in Dean.  His tower of strength, his angel of Thursday, is scared.
“Yes, Mam?” The omega turns to face her. Missouri has her ‘I smell bullshit’ face on, which makes Cas’s stomach roll.
“Thank you, Dean.”  Cas drops a kiss to Dean’s forehead.  “I’m going to re-heat the lasagna for lunch.”
“We would definitely need to discuss how to make it work, including how to best help Claire.”  Sam takes Dean’s shoulders, squeezing. “I have no doubt that Castiel will disagree.  Nothing he says can be taken seriously while he’s under the influence of your scent.”  Sam pulls him into a bear hug.  “I want you to be happy, Dean. If Castiel Novak is the one, then that’s awesome, but there are ramifications to your actions.”
Out of the blue, Jody whizzes by them carrying a box full of Castiel’s clothes.  Normally that would not be odd, the house omega does all his laundry, but she’s coming from his tower and headed to Dean’s.
Stepping into the brown square, he sighs, nodding to two betas in scrubs.  As he exits the lift heading towards his mom’s private room, he observes someone leaning on a wall typing on her phone.
Lips crash into his, stealing the omega’s breath.  The cinnamon spice is so powerful it infiltrates every inhale, and Dean lets go.  He slides his hands through supple dark hair as their tongues skirmish for dominance. Castiel lifts Dean’s left leg to wrap around the Alpha’s waist, lining their cocks up beautifully.  Hands ripping the omega’s shirt off  while the two men grind against each other, mouths gasping to stay in the rhythmic frottage.
“And the people of Endville have an excellent nurse who graduated in the top five percent.  Now, can we get back to my original query?”
“And again, thank you Dean.  Perhaps one day.  Needless to say, I was in terrible shape when they found me.”  Castiel’s expression floods with pain and sorrow.  Dean does not enjoy this look at all.  He feels powerless because he can’t even pat Cas’s shoulder.  Jo brings the bill silently a few minutes later, and the two men sneak out the back, avoiding the crowd.
Many believe inhaling through the mouth holds foul odors at bay.  Short, tiny, controlled puffs.  In the case of unfamiliar blood and other human bits currently curdling on Dean’s skin, those fuckers are dead wrong.  Complete idiots.  Once the mind locks onto a wretched stench, pulling in the air to drag across the tongue creates all new levels of awful.
“You can call me Zachariah. I’m your new alpha; follow me.” His voice has a nasal quality that puts Cas’s nerves on edge.
“Blonde hair down her back with wavy curls at the end.  A big smile as I ran to her, then she would pick me up and spin me around.  She knew about the curse and how I’d have to end it.  I’m kind of angry that knowing what would happen, she still chose to bring me into the world.”
“What?”  His friend shouts from the front room.  She’s sitting at a card table, a laptop and several pages of notes spread out in front of her.
“Love it, Sammy.  I love it.”  Dean ghosts his fingers over the hand carved oak dining room table with eight chairs.  “Absolutely perfect.”
This couldn’t have turned out better; with Hannah’s help Dean will be able to spend more time with Claire.  He misses their sessions spent hunched over a table working out an algebra equation.  As his eyes catch the headlights of Cas’s car turning onto the driveway, his smile widens even bigger.  His alpha is home, and his children are still cooking safely in his womb.
The group erupts in laughter at Meg’s appraisal of the DA. It takes a moment for Sinclair to quiet them down. “Okay, but maybe that’s because you don’t know your mother.”
“I told you already.  In a little over a week, I leave again, so I need to spend the morning letting baby purr.”  The gleam in Cas’s eyes leave no doubt Dean is busted.
“Yeah.”  The idea of so many alphas clamoring to meet him is enthralling, yet he’s pretty sure the search ended the second he smelled cinnamon and pine trees.
Large swells in the ocean crash, adding to the dazzling theatrical entrance.  Clearly, the Shadow Alpha requires an audience.  Castiel watches as Joshua guides his Omega towards the cloaked person.  He darts farther along the beach, maintaining his hidden place behind the foliage until he finds himself behind the Shadow Alpha.
Garth blanches a bit at the question, “Of course, Dean. The only people who you have to interact with are the staff here.  Just think about it.”
“Center omegas are always so mystified by pregnancy.”  She gently settles on one end of the couch yanking off her boots.  “Swollen feet are the pits.”
Without warning, Dean’s being pulled into a warm embrace.  Inias doesn’t do anything but hold Dean as a fresh set of tears pour from his eyes.  Dean has no idea why but he mutters, “I’m sorry,” over and over into Inias’s shoulder.  God, he wishes the arms could belong to Cas, but honestly any physical affection is heavenly.
Missouri explained years ago that it was a family heirloom and the next generation of Winchesters would sleep on the soft linens.  Castiel never liked being in here.  He avoided the constant reminder that he had failed his duties as Dean’s omega by not filling the crib with children.  He never understood why Dean would have a nursery ready for a child that was not even possible yet.
Ruby 1.0 stands next to him in the elevator, her eyes scanning him for any sign of panic.  She needn’t bother; that event is one that Dean’s been able to put behind him.  As he told Dr. Shurley this morning when he dropped by for Dean’s session, “I’ve got bigger fish to fry, doc.”
Although, he’s thrown across the room, crashing into his own bed from the force while shouting, “Son of a bitch!”
Jealousy was not the emotion the omega was expecting; he can’t help but chuckle.  “Jesus, Cas, if it bothers you so bad I won’t do it again.”
The omega retrieves the photograph from his inner pocket. “Correct. Andrea Barr from the House Omega Challenge created the entire get-up.”  He makes sure to hold the image for a clear shot, “Andrea’s a talented lady who has high hopes for a happy home with many children.”
Castiel screams.  Dean would join him yet his own voice is lost to the drowning of his senses in the overwhelming scent of hot apple cider.
Max strolls closer yet keeps a healthy distance.  “Go now, Castiel.  Don’t ask permission from your fellow soldiers.  Wait till dark and ride off until you reach Dean.”  The omega’s eyes illuminate in the same iridescent purple as before.  “There are those here who wish to harm you.”
“Did you believe I didn’t?”  Castiel’s head tilts to the left.  The action is adorable, yet unnerving simultaneously because the leer from the other man’s stare could take paint off walls.
The mixture of the salty scented air with Cas’s aroma puts Dean in the best mood regardless of yesterday’s events.  He can’t even recall the last time he showered.  What if Castiel decides to visit? And he stinks like a sick omega with oily hair.
Jerking his mate in close, Castiel shouts, “No, none of this is okay.”  He chokes in another breath, “My Dean, I did that to you.  Your illness, the appalling despair frightening you into a catatonic state.  I did it.  How could I be so cruel to the man I love?”
He jumps, yelping when Hannah speaks by him, “Sheriff Mills will be here in twenty minutes.  She said not to touch anything.”
Knowing what Dr. Shurley wants to hear Dean whispers, “I had no control over her death any more than I do now with Cas.”
Two years back, Cas put in a doorbell right at Ion’s level so their son could always reach him.  James could also, but the other twin never needs the solitude of the lab.  Dean puts Ion down so he can push the button, signaling to Cas that they have arrived.
“Sorry, the county sheriff has the key.  She comes to visit once a month, and you won’t be here when she does.”
“Oh honey, I sent him over straight from the DMV. Surely he didn’t get lost on the way?” She’s bouncing her eyebrows with a knowing smirk. “Tall, dark, and handsome, just your type.”
God, Cas snickers at the reference, but it’s not a bad idea.  He rakes his tongue over his teeth, “Perfect, but use ‘Mr. Winchester Says’.”  He adds a dramatic wink.
“Let me give it to you straight.” Meg places a piece of gum in her mouth, smacking loudly.  “The only way your baby is coming out is through a C-section.  You couldn’t birth anything bigger than a baseball, and trust me, we want the kid bigger than that.”
“Yes, of course Moose.  Put it in the contract we all sign that both parties have to be completely willing participants.”
“What would be the point?”  He scrunches his face in confusion.  The request goes against everything Dean thought he knew about Alphas and their sexual practices.  “You saying you want to sleep next to me.  Got to tell you, man it’s a little creepy.”
“Maybe a play date then.”  Lucifer stands, giving Dean a wink.  “There is so much love under this roof any child would be lucky to have you two.”  With that, Castiel’s older brother returns to the group in the living room.
“With you here and properly sedated from using your grace, your vessel becomes quite the bargaining chip.  I just need him to stand still long enough to snap his neck.  Omega dies, baby dies.  No more chance to save Heaven from us, and we in a few months can tear down your silly wall and rule …everything.”
Dean’s fingers trace the images painstakingly painted in bright and beautiful colors in the oversized book spread out across the table.  He’s paused on a page with an omega completely hidden underneath an emerald green cloak with a hood pulled down to hide the face.  His only clue to the person’s designation is the shimmer of silk against the flames and the swell of a child in the individual's belly.  Clouds of grey swirl round the omega.  Alphas in suits of varying earth colors bend at the knee.
Okay, maybe these omegas aren’t nervous, they're just stuck up assholes.  Demon might describe more than just their heritage.  Watching as Hannah sneaks into the throne room, Dean decides to chase after her.  The waiting unmated omegas may not be able to cross, but Dean’s pretty sure no angel guard will stop him.  Success!  The two guards nod as he crosses the navy curtain into the massive throne room.
Dean has to wipe a few tears away, not from the upcoming funeral but from being so overwhelmed by the display of solidarity he’s never had in his life. God, he loves his family, even Crowley and his grumpy cat frown.  Cas steps up, giving him a chaste kiss.  Dean grins, taking in the crumpled dark navy suit and khaki trench coat.  His husband’s go-to fancy outfit.  The other brothers have black trench coats because there has been a bit of misty rain this morning.
The alpha continues to transcribe, his eyes locked on the page. “Again, I want to add a clause if I may?”
“On a tree with D + C inside a heart carved in the bark.  Seriously, I know how to cross stitch.”  She laughs, punching his shoulder.
Crowley grumbling something to Benny and Rowena has Dean rapping his finger on Cas’s bicep for an explanation.
“Just saying, what’s to stop these wicked monsters from hitting up fresh unsuspecting bodies and creating another massacre.”
“Be prepared, Dean; you are still meant to be for another.”  For the first time there is a hint of rage behind Cas’s tone.  “Your survival rests on being able to play your part convincingly.  No matter how difficult it will be for us.”
Cas speaks up with a grin, clearly enjoying the banter between his two favorite people. “There’s a Build-A-Bear on Fifth Avenue, and a Disney Store on Broadway.”
Shit, his prickly skin and feeling a little hot under the collar would definitely be an impending heat.  “No worries, it’s still in the slow burn phase.  We’ve got hours until my scent revs up to bother anyone.  Trust me.  Living on the streets you get to know the timing of the red zone for alpha awareness.”
“DEAN!  Don’t be stupid. Azazel will be waiting for you.  He probably has picked the town for specific reasons.  The moment you enter he will have people notifying him.”
“I will not use anything to tie you down; however, moving is not allowed. The only body parts I want to see even rise is your chest to breathe, your eyes to watch, and your cock for my pleasure.”
“I believe we should have been more upfront with her.”  Cas leans into his chair.  “Emma thought the surgery would fix everything.”
He nods. “Yes, thank you for permitting me time to recharge my grace.  The spell design your family is providing should extend the safety of Heaven by a few months.  Before you came to us with such a magnificent idea, myself and the rest of the garrison were attempting an assault mission into Purgatory; not having to cross the border is much safer for all involved.”
Castiel expects to be tossed to the mattress, but instead Dean sits on the edge, holding the omega even tighter. He watches as his alpha takes in the space littered with flowers. “Smells like a fucking florist shop in here.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Dean snaps as he shoves Cas’s wheel chair in the direction of the commons.
Raw, genuine desire consumes the omega.  His breathing becomes labored as his fingernails scratch down the alphas back.  Castiel’s hips start a fierce pace of thrusting.  It’s not enough.  Dean’s vision gets worse as his flesh ignites in a violent burn.
“I would be delighted to Deanna.”  Dean shuts his eyes and mouth tightly ignoring the stupid nickname.  “It’s quite simple.  You will pick out one female and one male exotic dancer to join our African safari.  Absolutely no one is to touch them.  If anybody breaks that one important rule, it’s a ten grand fine, and they have to run naked through the last village of the journey.  All moneys collected will of course go to the stripper as a bonus.  Questions??”
“Think about popping in on alpha dearest.  He doesn’t know what happened, and it's ripping him up pretty badly.”
“Bloody?  Like the one who enjoyed themselves in Nebraska?”  Dean shivers as he thinks about the idea of his alpha slaughtering a dozen people and smiling as their blood sprayed all over him.  Google has not been kind.  It seems the entire thing was taped on security cameras.
Thank God Crowley jumps in, “I have told Mr. Henriksen that for now you need to settle into your new home.  Perhaps next month he can ask again and see what you think.”
“Half-brother; you didn’t even know of his existence till ten years ago.  Why not support the son you raised?” the blue-eyed alpha pleads.
With the third finger pumping and scraping at Dean’s prostate, Cas’s mouth inches up his body.  A warm tongue graces over the flesh as teeth nip behind.  A myriad of sensations overwhelms him.  His elbows give out as Dean shouts, “Fuck, Cas!”
His sweet love bug grins at him, the only illumination coming from her Tinkerbell night light. “You’re my Dad now too.”
“These are extremely serious charges. Kidnapping and child endangerment can put you away for a very long time.”
“Not at all.  From our conversation, it appears as if you wish to continue your Alpha hunting career.  How would you accomplish the task pregnant?  I’m guessing the scent blocking pills are not healthy for expecting Omegas?  The side effects are substantial.”
Dean flops his head onto the pillow, a twinge of pain from his ass reminding him why he’s been laid up in the bedroom he shares with Cas for three days now.  He glares at the evil demon before him, “I’m fine.  You can take your brown goo and toss it for the bees.”
The two men step down the flight of stairs as Cas yanks the door closed behind them. “Make sure to pull the door fully shut. It has a lock that allows us to leave but no one can enter from the other side.”
The alpha is nodding his head, but can’t get past the fact that they heard a heartbeat. His child is alive and strong. His own heart rate can return to normal as he waits for his love to get back. Castiel is considering an elevator for the house when he is met with stunning emerald green eyes. “Dean.”
Obviously, Gabriel sees a need to lighten the mood announcing, “I’m truly thankful for my doctor and the cream that totally took care of the weird rash on my inner thigh.  Seriously, it was full of pus and had an odd --”
All this new information has Dean rushing from the room shouting, “I gotta see Cas.  Good session, Doc.”
He’s all too aware of how crappy he looks this morning. Castiel showered when Missouri first woke him, but he heaved all over his own feet, so that put a damper on feeling particularly clean, just the scent of toothpaste threw the omega over the edge, so his breath must be rancid.
“I’m gonna get out and do my thing.  You are going to drive away and go north on the state highway for fifteen minutes before turning around and coming back.  There’s a diner we passed a mile away.  If you park in the row of spots facing the road you’ll be out of any cameras.  Don’t go in and I’ll meet you there.”
Icy blue eyes rip through Dean, sending a wave of panic through his veins. A malicious grin spreading over his lips as Samandriel wails directly into the sub’s face, “Megan Mary Winchester!”
Ring …Ring …Ring …Ring.  “Hey you’ve reached Dean.  Leave a message or receive my wrath. Hang ups are just rude.”
Golem stomps into the room, unties the unconscious man, and tosses him over his shoulder with ease. Dean tracks the movement as they leave, MacLeod giving them a quick wink. That bastard knows Meg’s name, and the idea makes Dean’s blood run cold. His body trembles in response. He needs to lose himself for a while; stop letting something he has no control over tear at his mind.
Cas sighs, unconsciously massaging Cain’s mark. Dean revealed a few days ago what the mark meant to him and how he got the burn. His dom was not pleased, but accepted there was nothing to be done about it. However, since then Castiel has taken to rubbing it harshly, probably hoping to erase the claim of another man completely.
Both men start when the door is thrown open and Charlie rushes in, squealing, “Babies! My babies are finally here! Which one is which?”
The door swings open as a striking, confident woman with short brown hair and a stunning smile enters, “Hello, Mr. Winchester, I’m Dr. Mills.  How we doing today?”
“I could imagine my life without Amelia. It was horrible and sad when she died, but I recovered and was able to move on, but Dean, the loss of you would destroy me. I’m not sure I would ever breathe again. Dean Novak, you are my day, my night, and the twilight between. I can’t ever let go.”
“No,” Inias replies, lifting his hand to pat Dean’s shoulder.  “Cas may be your lover but we all love you in one way or another.  Sorry, Dean, I guess we should have sent you a memo.”
His head feels cloudy, and he can’t remember what’s going on. Why is he on the floor?  Boots!  He gets the second one off and chuckles.  A click has Dean glancing up at the hovering grey parka, odd, is the coat taking pictures?
Suddenly, Malachi and Theo are strolling down the breakfast buffet stuffing their plates to the brim.  The two guys take a seat at a table in the far corner of the room with a quick, “Morning.”
Once he completes his last lap, the young father sprints the last bit up to the front door, throwing it open as he yells, “Dean, tonight we are playing a game!”
Closing his eyes Dean reminds himself hitting a person is never the answer.  “Cas was part of the decision to look for Emma.  We had no idea she needed a home.  In fact, my selfless husband had no doubts when he signed her adoption papers.  Castiel is Emma’s father; legally, emotionally and all the other ways a man cares for his family.”
Silence drags on as Castiel attempts to absorb his mother’s newest deal.  Words fail him.  Dean has no choice; he must be present at all six trials.  The younger Winchester’s life depends on his Omega fulfilling all requirements from the league.
Uriel’s standing on the stairs half in, half out of the room.  “He wants to speak with Chuck.  The entire castle is up waiting for a report on Dean’s health.  We shall go to the throne room and find the king of Heaven.”
The quartet climb into the vehicle with Novak behind the wheel. Dean turns to face his student, “Remember, drive slowly. Take your time and don’t slam on anything.”
Halfway through art time, Dean smells it.  The unmistakable stench of a dirty diaper.  Now, all the kids in the two’s room either wear diapers or pull-ups, but they are supposed to attempt using the toilet.  “Okay, guys who made a stinky?”
Lurching forward, Dean slams his lips onto Cas’s, groaning into the kiss. Hunger, pure raw need feeds their lips and tongue as they grind together. Dean slots his crotch against Castiel’s, crushing their dicks together deliciously. Moans tumble from both their mouths, God how Dean has missed this.
Dean’s doodling different rock band designs with a Sharpie onto a spare desk when a gruff old beta enters the precinct carrying two big brown bags.  “I have your late meal, sheriff, where do you want it?”
“Smells almost as good as you.”  The man winks, his face leaving the window but voice continuing, “I was worried you wouldn’t return.”
“I swear…”  Sam is so disturbed by the aroma he can’t seem to focus on anything else.  “God, Cas, it’s so familiar.”
“I have specific orders to stay with you both and to call for backup if you split up.”  The security guard will barely look at Dean.  Well for fuck's sake, he’s not that disgusting.  “I also have your new phone, Mr. Winchester.”  Gadreel shuffles into the library, placing the iPhone on the edge of the desk closest to Dean, but he keeps his eyes down.  “The code is 0918, but you can change it if you want.  It’s got international calling, so feel free to call home or anyone on the planet.”
Dean’s not even going to attempt to unwrap those two’s relationship.  “Castiel said you have a contract for me.  If I pull off tonight, I get a bonus of ten big ones.”
“Thank you, Dean.  I need to spend some time in the lab.”  Castiel gets up, grabbing his trench coat from the floor and sliding it on before heading towards the steel door.
“Yes.” His sweet Love bug whispers as she wraps tiny arms around Sam’s neck. His brother reciprocates the tender embrace, kissing Meg’s nose.
Dean’s shutting the door when Meg flinches, scrunching up her face.  She actually pinches her nose, “What the fuck is in there?  You and Cas trying aroma masochism now?”  Meg coughs, attempting to inhale.
Castiel stomps through the house, wincing when his ribs remind him that they are still healing. “Ouch.”
The dom’s irises darken with lust, lighting a fire in Dean’s nether region. He knows the answer, but Dean is unsure as to whether Cas will comply, “Anything?”
“Alright.” Dean sighs, it’s so nice to have things back to normal, although he might agree with his students; it smells weird in the car. “Krissy, I want you to take us on a drive. Show me how far you have come since I left.”
“Why did you grill Dick anyways?”  Dean’s gaze is still following the graceful movements of his love.  The tender music dribbles under the pounding storm.
“First, what is in the attic?  Everyone tiptoes over the existence of another person in the house as if I would ever in a million years do anything to harm a single soul.  However, I’m not oblivious to the trays of food going up and coming down.  There were two sent up at every meal.”
“No.  I’ve put too much of my heart and soul into being clean to endanger my future for a quick fuck from you.”
Castiel tilts forward until his lips are nearly touching Dean’s.  As he speaks the Omega swears he sees sparks grazing over his flesh.  “I want you.  I need you.  Show me all the hoops and I’ll begin jumping.  After our road trip to Raleigh, I am fully aware of your bloodlust.  Anything is negotiable.”
The glimmer of control Dean has splinters into a million pieces as he drops into his husband’s waiting arms to cry.  Emma loves Jack.  The sweet girl has even learned how to hold his bottle.  Her way of helping care for the baby.
Out of the blue Meg begins screeching and dancing around, the high pitch making it impossible to hear the actual words.  All eyes focus on her.  The shrieking continues until Charlie walks over and removes a web from Meg’s dark hair.
“Castiel creates connections.  When someone such as myself needs a person for a job or a unique item he finds them.  In doing so he receives a finder’s fee.  He also takes on certain jobs himself to collect more money.  His skills in surveillance are highly respected.”
Dean has to try one more time. “You could come.  We can tell your story, and the angels will make you a hero.”
Inhaling abruptly, Dean’s taken back with the wash of craving.  The omega lifts a finger to beckon his mate closer, allowing his legs to fall apart, his hole on display.
Unable to help, Dean lies on the bed like a doll, his body being manipulated by Castiel’s hands.  Dean can’t deny it any longer, these symptoms are not related to the pregnancy.  His alpha’s worried bouquet burns into his nostrils.  All he can do is pray the beta woman will know the answer.
Clarity pours over Castiel as his body settles between Dean’s thighs.  “Am I willing to be your mate in all ways minus the claim?  Spend all our days worshipping your body without my teeth ever breaking skin?”
