Something makes Dean slow down. He isn’t sure what it is. Doesn’t want to look too much into it.
Dean drops his hands at his side, any thoughts of breakfast long forgotten. Something’s caught in his throat. “You’re not leaving, are you?”
He turns away, unable to face Cas.
. In fact, he desperately wants to stab something or, at the very least, send Dean a strongly worded anonymous note to cease and desist.
The ex-angel shifts and Dean wraps his arms around Cas’ waist.
need to get closer to Dean.
“I—no.” The words are out of Cas’ mouth before he can think about it, a litany of thoughts running through his head and taking up any ability to form coherent sentences.
There’s no point in fighting now, so he gently pulls Dean’s baseball cap off his head and spreads a blanket out over him.
All Jess knows is the ash. The burnt smell. She takes another deep breath, eyes still closed.
“All right, buddy, ready to dash?”
“I thought I told you to stop thinking.”
Maybe this time, Dean’s out of hope.
She had just gone for midnight snacks. And now she’s left with the remnants of her life, all scattered in pieces around her.
“So, how’s Jess doing? You popped the question yet?” Dean asked with a sly grin, and Sam’s brow immediately turned downward. “Sam? Everything okay?”
Chapter 9 : She Wants To Know - Half Moon Run
“Just tell me the truth!” Dean snapped, voice beginning to raise.
Chapter 12 : Broken Wings - Mr. Mister
It was at least two sizes too big now.
and disappeared back into the office, the gesture earning another quiet chuckle from Dean.
“I’m too fat for these pants!” Dean exclaimed, throwing his hands up in the air. “I’ve lost five pounds and I still can’t fit into these things!”
“Nice to see you too,” she replied, and began to check out the person behind him.
132.5
Dean didn’t see the looks his brother and husband were currently exchanging; Sam’s fueled with anger, Cas’s more sorrowful than anything.
“I’m still pissed at you,” he murmured, voice holding anger but wavering all the while.
They’d walked to a tiny diner, neither having had a car at the time. They’d drank cup after cup of coffee, all the way up until two in the morning though both had early wake up calls the next day.
He gripped the liter bottle tightly and downed half of its contents, filling back up the space that was previously occupied with calories with none.
“So it is an eating disorder then,” Jack clarified, as though there was absolutely no other alternative.
She narrowed her eyes at him as she clipped the badge to her shirt, witty retort on the tip of her tongue.
“I’m only gross because of you,” Cas returned with a chuckle. “But you’re right, we’re definitely both in need of a good rinse,” he added and slid out from underneath Dean. Knowing he’d hear a yelp of surprise after the fact, he made quick work of picking Dean up and putting him in a fireman’s carry as he exited the bedroom.
“Cas! You made it!” Gadreel greeted him with a half hug and a smile.
He’d find a way to work them off the next day.
Dean took them and opened the door for Cas, letting him go out first, then closing and locking it behind them.
Chapter 4 : Can't Love Me - (featuring Tyler Blackburn) Novi
“I, I’m not really sure how you’re gonna take it.” He confessed quietly.
Dean shivered and grinned. "You can try." He popped a piece of chocolate from his pocket into his mouth.
“It’s okay Dean. I can understand why you freaked out now. I’m sorry if I pushed you further than you were ready for.” He apologized, feeling guilty. “I should have asked for consent before I touched you like that.”
She stared at him briefly with red-rimmed eyes before quickly retreating out the door.
“Let’s get you fed then. Don’t want ya passing out on me or anything,” he joked, and Sam let a fake laugh pass between his lips.
He hadn’t purged since Thanksgiving, too afraid to do it at work, and definitely too afraid to do it with Cas in the house.
“Thanks,” he mumbled, gaze falling on a loose hem at the edge of his t-shirt as Ellen exited the small room.
“I wouldn’t have made it this far without him,” Cas stated truthfully, flashing Dean a sincere smile and Dean couldn’t help but blush.
“Benny still living it up down south?” Dean asked, casually leaning on the counter.
in San Diego for three weeks, then be deployed to Manama,” Master Chief Shurley finished. Sympathy danced in his eyes but his expression was one of pure stoicism.
“I’ll be fine,” he reassured, lips quirked up in a half smile.
Cas laughed and pulled him in for a quick kiss. “You just look…
His worries about his weight were pushed aside for the moment, his brain now solely focused on the void that his husband would leave.
“Yeah, yeah it would,” Dean murmured, taking a sip of the wine as Cas lifted the glass to his lips, then took one for himself.
“Yeah, I know,” Cas said with a nod, “But it hurts like hell though. I’m never going to smell whatever it is you cooked tonight on a ship. I don’t even want to think about what I’ll be forced to eat,” and those words got a laugh out of Dean, even if the sound was closer to a sob than a chuckle. “What am I going to do without you?” Cas asked, staring into Dean’s eyes.
“Don’t I know it,” she said under her breath, and turned back to Dean who was just standing there staring expectantly at her. “What? Go, make yourself comfortable.”
How many calories he'd consumed that day -
“No,” Cas said with a shake of his head. “I just found out.”
His notebook was sitting on the kitchen table, still open to the previous day’s entry.
“Just a few more minutes and then you’ll be able to get out of here,” she told Dean, and he nodded in a silent show of understanding.
“You too,” he replied. “You want me to help you to your car?” he asked.
Apparently, Dean was too smart for his own good though because when she asked what he wanted, he just shook his head and muttered, “I already ate, thanks though.”
Dean’s alarm went off early the next morning, and after hitting snooze three times, he finally forced himself to get up. It was Saturday and he always opened at the bookstore on Saturdays. He let Cas sleep, quietly picking up the remnants of clothes from the previous night and depositing them into the hamper in the bathroom. He decided to take a quick shower to clear his head, unable to think about anything other than what had transpired the night before.
(See the end of the chapter for
She couldn’t help but smile in return at the hint of enthusiasm that was voiced in his tone. “I'll be in the office if you need me,” she said as she went over to the door and flipped the sign from closed to open.
The heart monitor started to race again, just as a dark-complected woman with a doctor’s coat entered the room. Her hair was styled in short, neat curls, and she wore a no-nonsense expression upon her face.
Chicken alfredo – 700 calories
was filtering through his ear drums, but as he stood there staring blankly ahead, blinking rapidly, his reality was altered. Pinpricks of white light took over his vision, but then were soon replaced with darkness. His vision wasn’t blurry or doubled – it was gone.
He plugged the headphones into his phone, then set off towards the bookstore. It usually took him about half an hour to get there on foot, so he made sure to leave with plenty of spare time, just in case.
“Do I have something on my face?” Dean asked after a moment, and his brow lowered when Cas laughed at him.
“What else would cause a person to lose so much weight? I mean, he wasn’t
“Jody?” he inquired, his worried tone breaking her from her thoughts.
He pushed the scale back into its reserved location and shucked off his boxers with his glasses following in pursuit as he set them on the nearby counter and hurried under the hot spray. He closed his eyes, relaxing under the soothing water momentarily as it slid down his rail thin frame and swirled into the drain below.
His brother was tall, as this man appeared to be, but his brother was also strong and broad shouldered. His brother had tan skin and bright, green eyes that were filled with light and warmth and life.
fine.
“What else?” Dean questioned, not moving from his current position, eyes locked on Cas’s.
“Good, I’ll be back tomorrow then.” She took the book that Dean had handed her and held it out to Jody. “I’ll get that tomorrow, use it as an excuse to come back,” she explained with a wink and a chuckle.
He swallowed thickly as passengers began to filter out of the terminal. One by one, they passed him, and finally, his gaze landed on a familiar mop of unruly dark hair.
Thunder rumbled and lightning zig-zagged across the gunmetal colored sky, tiny droplets of rain beginning to shower them as they all made their way inside.
“Well, we’re gonna miss you, that’s for sure,” Gad stated with a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. Dean knew that out of all the men Cas served with, he seemed to be closest to Gad. Gad was a bit more extraverted than Cas, but they got along well. “You two have any plans for tomorrow? I know this has to be hard.”
“I gotta say, the cherry’s pretty good, but so is the pecan. You wanna give ‘em both a try?”
He’d been off for the last two days, but didn’t look any better than he did beforehand, she noticed. There were still dark circles under his eyes, shadowed beneath his glasses. And somehow, and she wasn’t exactly sure how, but he looked even thinner, if that were at all possible. The hollows of his cheeks were deeper, and she couldn’t help but feel worry at the young man that sat beside her.
“I think we’re going to call it a night,” Cas informed them, one arm still keeping the Master Chief on his feet.
Chapter 3 : We Went for a Ride - Fefe Dobson
The rational side of his brain knew that it was wrong, the farthest from wrong possible, but the irrational side was secretly thriving on just how small Dean was.
“I’m fine, Garth, really,” Dean answered, holding his hands up in a placating gesture.
“What? I’m just making sure. You may not get on social media, but your bookstore is still pretty good about it.”
The car itself appeared as it had every time he’d seen it – clean and polished, looking brand new instead of the fifty years plus that it actually was –  just how their grandfather had kept it and how Dean continued to keep it to honor the man’s memory. The sunlight only highlighted the beauty of the recent paint job his brother had done to it, the shine and gleam so bright that it could be blinding.
“I mean it,” she stated, hand moving to the keys but hesitating to shut the car off.
Chapter 7 : Night Moves - Bob Seger
left,” Cas chided, though there was a smile on his face.
“We got this,” he said with a nod and an awkward smile.
But, surely, that couldn’t have been the reason for its beginning, could it?
“Water will be fine,” Cas replied with a smile.
“Get. Out,” Dean repeated through clenched teeth, face still covered by his hands.
t-shirt back down and retrieved his cell.
“No, it’s fine,” Dean interjected. “We can, just might have to switch around my schedule at work. No big deal.”
happy?”
“Fine, that’s good to hear,” she replied nonchalantly, obviously convinced otherwise. “How much do you weigh?”
,” Dean reiterated, though he made no move to seal Cas’s return with a kiss.
Panic began to spread over him like wildfire, wave after wave of fear sending tremors through his small frame, causing the keys to jingle faintly.
“That’s…that’s great. Good for you,” he responded, heart starting to pound once more in his chest as he felt her scrutinizing him. “So…what’s the damage?” he asked, nodding towards the cash register.
“So you like me better like this?” Dean asked, gesturing to himself, brow drawn in curiosity.
old.”
“Yeah, you’re only like what, teenage Sasquatch height?” Dean asked, bursting into a fit of laughter when Sam flashed him what Dean like to call his ‘bitch face’. “Oh, man, I sure missed seeing that,” Dean admitted, stopping at a door at the end of the hallway. He opened it and flipped the light on, backing away so Sam could go in first.
Jack stared at him from the bench, a worried expression etched onto his face. Without a word, he rose to his feet and began to follow Dean, sadness glimmering in his eyes as he clenched at his backpack.
“That may be the case, but he still knows how irritating he can be and does it anyway,” Cas responded, a scowl edging across his face.
The rational part of his mind told him that he should eat, that it was okay to have some carrots or even some of the salad mix; but the darker part of his mind – the part that seemed to be winning far more than it was losing nowadays – told him not to have anything at all, that he didn’t need it and would be better off without it.
“If you say so…”
“Will do,” Dean agreed with another nod and polite smile. “Have a good one, Garth.”
“But, I’ve been reassigned — to Bahrain.”
“I missed you too,” Dean murmured, voice sounding small and suddenly vulnerable. He buried his nose into Cas’s neck, and Cas set his mug down on the counter, returning the gesture.
He made his way out of the kitchen and past the living room, throwing on his hoodie as he went out the door. It was surprisingly chilly and he probably should’ve grabbed his jacket instead, but he was almost positive that he had read somewhere that the body burned more calories when it was cold, so he would be fine.
“You okay? You look pale,” Cas replied, closing the distance between them and cupping his clammy cheek. “Do you feel alright?”
Dean cleared his throat and glanced up at her, forcing the best charming smile that he could onto his lips. “Coffee, please,” he answered.
t-shirt, along with a black and white flannel. Cas claimed it was one of his favorites, so he’d stuck with it, even though it was one of the smaller ones he’d had.
. He hadn’t told Dean, but he’d decided that since Dean was doing something for him, he’d return the favor. He’d incorporated more intense weight lifting into his daily workouts, and had been eating more as a result. He filled a plate, then returned to the seating area, searching the tables until he found Dean seated at one upfront. He sat down next to Dean, greeting Michael and Hannah who were also seated there.
He could feel Dean take in a deep breath, then slowly lift his head up, placing his forehead against Cas’s. “We’d better make it count then,” he murmured against Cas’s lips, then kissed him. Cas returned the gentle gesture, one hand coming up to rest on Dean’s cheek. After a few moments, Dean pulled away, but not by far, the tips of their noses still touching. “Let’s start with a shower then because you’re kind of gross,” he stated and scrunched his nose.
10,675 steps
Grabbing his bag, he waited as the other passengers began filing out. He slung his bag over his shoulder and once the crowd had thinned, made his way towards the front.
The car, he recognized.
He took a deep breath and found relief as soon as the
“I’m guessing the drills went well?” Dean asked as he cleaned himself and the table off.
“You can call it whatever you want, Dean, but if you went to see a doctor right now, that would be their diagnosis,” Jack informed him, and Dean started chuckling though it was a humorless sound.
“Dean, is that true?” Cas inquired, blue eyes filled with badly masked horror.
He paused, hand gradually slipping back into his pocket. He stared straight ahead, still not so much as sparing her a glance.
“Aright, I guess I’m out for the day. You sure you’ll be okay?” Jody asked at a little after five.
“So, get anymore of that book written?” she inquired, making a second attempt to pull Dean out from whatever rock his brain had crawled under.
They’d argued nonstop for the past two weeks. It was nothing but back and forth, back and forth until Dean had finally given in and agreed to make an appointment, but he’d still given Cas the cold shoulder for the past two days, including the car ride there.
They were both quiet as they exited the bar and made their way across the street to Cas’s jeep. Dean shivered as the chilly January air hit him, hating the involuntary tremors that were wracking his thin frame. The temperature had dropped in the five hours they’d been there, at least by ten degrees.
"Are you ready to come back to my place Dean? I want to show you what you have been missing" Cas said.
“And what’s your name sweetie?” She asked kindly.
“Well, yeah. I mean, you two have been inseparable since college. You moved in together. You guys even switch off holidays between us and Cas’ family.” His mom explained.
Finally, Dean sat up and looked at Cas with a shy smile on his face. “That, um…that was nice.” He said finally, looking absolutely adorable. Cas just smiled up at him.
"You love taking my cock, don't you? You love being my little slut?" Cas leered.
“Thank you so much Sam. You’ve truly been helpful.” He was proud of himself that he even managed to keep the sarcasm out of his voice.
The video played, and he watched the two guys on the screen. They were both watching something off camera, probably a porno, and Cas heated at the similarity of what he and Dean were doing. He felt himself begin to harden as he watched the men rub themselves over their jeans. He itched to reach down and rub his own cock, but he held back, not sure if that was currently allowed. That is, until Dean spoke.
“Hey mom. Hey dad.” He waved at them.
When he got to his room, he threw his jacket on his desk chair and stripped down to his boxers, before he slipped underneath the covers of his bed.  He didn’t remember ever being this happy before in his life. He fell asleep that night with a smile on his face, as he thought about how their next date at Cas’ house would go.
Once the carnival was over, he climbed out of the tank and walked over to where Charlie was waiting for him. They planned on going out for dinner after the Carnival.
“So, uh…you cool with it? With me liking guys?” He asked, still a little uncertain.
…. I can’t believe this. Shit I’m so happy right now.” Dean kissed him right on the lips before jumping up from the table and yelling loud. “We’re moving in together!”
“Are you sure Dean?” He asked as he continued rubbing the tight ring of muscle.
"I'd love to move in with you. I just thought you liked having your own space." Dean smiled.
“Dean! Dean! I don’t understand. Dean! Why are you laughing?” He heard Cas yell into the phone. He held the phone up to his face again as he tried to explain.
"I'll text you, but Friday should be fine. I'm fixing up a car for some pocket cash or I'd come sooner.” He answered regretfully.
Castiel woke up slowly. The first thing he noticed was that he had a warm body in his arms. He slowly opened his eyes to see Dean awake, and looking at him. "Hey love" he said smiling.
“Mmm Cas.” Dean moaned behind him as he ground his hard cock against Cas’ ass. Between the grinding and the rough sound of sleepy arousal coming from the man at his back, Cas felt his own cock hardening up between his legs. They were both still naked, having fallen asleep after sex the night before and when Dean’s cock slipped between Cas’ cheeks, he let out his own moan.
“Correctamundo. This is my little slice of heaven.” Gabe bragged.
“No need to be nervous, Sugar. Let’s get you settled in and go over a few things before the class comes in." She walked him over to her desk where she gave him his own drawer for anything, he might need it for. She went over the daily schedule and gave him a brief review of what they would be doing this first week. As she was finishing, they could hear students making their way down the hallway towards their classrooms. Dean followed her to the front of the class as kids began trickling in.
“Of course, Love, let’s go.” Castiel replied. He thanked Charlie and began to walk towards the Ferris wheel. He turned his head, trying to get one last glimpse of the young man, Dean. He found him staring back. They locked eyes and Castiel felt like something profound seemed to pass in their gaze. He shook himself out of that as he chastised himself for such a silly thought. It was probably just because it had been years since he had more than just his right hand keeping him company. That had to be all it was. He tried to put the whole encounter out of his head as he followed his daughter through the carnival for the rest of the day. It wasn’t like he would even see Dean again.
“You're such an ass.” He chuckled fondly, before tackling Dean to the into the bed. He decided sex sounded like a really good idea, and he wanted to take advantage, since he now had permission to touch freely. Who knew what other great ideas his roommate-er-
"Should I just do this? Leave marks all over your sides? Your back? Your
" We should both clean up. Would you like to take a shower with me love”? Cas asked.
"Yes?" Dean said calmly, still really confused as to what Cas was asking and doing.
“Dean! Dean! Did you see me jump so high!” She beamed excitedly before looking down and noticing their joined hands. He could see the gears in her head turning as she processed that, and Dean knew what she was going to ask before she even said it. “So, are you boyfriends yet?”
that’s pathetic, you’re drinking with me.” Cas just rolled his eyes but acquiesced to Dean’s demand.
Cas stalked to the driver’s side and bent down, face close to the hunter. “Get. Out. Of. The. Car.” He repeated slowly, through gritted teeth, carefully enunciating every word. He watched Dean’s Adam’s apple bob as he gulped, eyes wide.
Luckily today was Friday, so after pick up in the afternoon, he wouldn’t have to see Dean for the next two days. Hopefully, a few days away from the young man would lessen Cas’ lust filled thoughts. It was a bit ridiculous that he was in his thirties and nursing a school girl crush on another man. It had been a long time since he felt an attraction like this to anyone, much less someone so much younger than himself.
"Mm. A little, maybe, but we wouldn't be able to sleep over at my house. Hasn't really crossed my mind." Dean flopped back down with sigh.
He let Bianca drag him to a few rides she wanted to go on. The roller coaster was her favorite and he endured it for her sake. Then they made their way to the face painting booth where she had the artist paint a bee on her cheek. Castiel lit up inside because he was the one who gave her the nickname of Bee because of her name as Bianca, as well as his love of bees (he might have named her Bianca simply because it could be shortened to Bee. But he would never admit to that.)
“No. They uh… they threw me out of the house and disowned me, when they found out I had ‘knocked up’ a girl I wasn’t even dating.” Those damn air quotes made the butterflies reappear inside Dean. The man was way too adorable for his age. “It was bad enough that I was gay, but having a child out of wedlock too? That was too much for them. Gabriel took me in and helped me with Bee. I was fresh out of college with no money to my name and no job yet. I would have been on the streets if he hadn’t been there for me.”
When it was finally her turn, they both stepped up and the young lady running the booth handed Bianca three balls. “Hey little lady! My name is Charlie. They are just changing over who sits in the booth. So, it will just take a minute. What’s your name?” she asked.
“I made extra sure to wear them tonight so we could make a good impression.” She said with as much confidence as an eight-year-old can.
Over and over, Cas thrust into him, nailing his prostate on every few thrusts and Dean felt his orgasm building. “I’m gonna come!” He yelled, before he felt his body tense up and his cock erupt below him, completely untouched. He heard Cas groan behind him and his hips falter before he felt his insides being painted in his boyfriend’s release. It could have been hours later, but was probably only minutes when Cas finally pulled his softening cock out of him and flopped on his back next to Dean, pulling him to lay on his chest.
Cas smiled. "Thank you love" he said as he kissed Dean's cheek.
Dean buried his damp face into Castiel’s chest, damp with sweat and tears, and his chest heaved as he caught his breath, reaching back to feel how open he was, and giving a soft moan when he felt his hole gaping.
This says give the other head. This is for couples you
“I need to get ready for work now unfortunately, or I will be late.” Cas said regretfully.
"Why? Because you've never asked before?" Dean gave him a look as he took a bite of pasta.
had a boyfriend. He had a
"I Know this was your gift to me and I love you for putting thought into this." Dean smiled, arm draping around Cas.
Dean gasped, realizing what was coming and having to force himself to stay still, occasionally moaning and his hole loosening easily for Castiel.
“Heh, you have no idea. If it hadn’t been for my brother Gabriel, I don’t know what I would have done.”
Dean licked his plump lips before opening his mouth, hands behind his back, waiting patiently.
“Dean, your parents love you. I’m sure they won’t care sweetheart.” He felt warmth flow through him at the term of endearment. It helped calm him a bit, right as his parent’s faces popped up on the screen.
“Huh…” They both just stood there, before Gabe shook himself out of it. “Well, I’m still not convinced it’s a ghost. But if you didn’t write that, someone did…” He mused before pushing Cas out of the bathroom so he could get dressed.
“Fuck Cas. I love you too.” Dean whispered and Cas could hardly believe his ears. He pulled back to look Dean in the eye.
“Whatever you say brosky. So… what’s for dinner?”
"Yeah, me too." Dean admitted, "They know I'm gay, but you're the first guy
“I mean like actual full on sex Cas. You know…” He waved his hands in a crude manner, trying to mime what he was talking about.
“Yeah?” Cas asked shyly.
“First of all, I have no idea who Miss Mosely is, but Mr. Dreamboat stopped in the store before he headed to school to pick up his daughter. I figured you’d probably see him at pick up.” she smirked “I bet you were swooning when you saw him.” She batted her eyelashes obnoxiously, before laughing to herself.
"Yes please." Dean slid off the bed slowly, incredibly sore and stretching.
Cas laughed as well. "I'm not going to lie. I was shocked for a couple of seconds. I definitely wasn't expecting it."
“Guess we both thought wrong huh?” Dean joked, and Cas joined in as they both just stood there awkwardly, not knowing what else to say. Luckily, they were saved by Charlie coming back from the bathroom.
“I’m not a little lady anymore Charlie.” She scoffed before the smile made its way back on her face. “And yes, I know what to do with it.” She winked back. Cas hoped everything went to plan.
“Don we now our gay apparel, right?” He joked and Dean chuckled in response.
Cas sighed as he closed his laptop, pushing it off to the side. He had been searching for weeks now, but he still had no idea what to get Dean for Christmas. This would be their first Christmas together as a couple, and he wanted it to be perfect. It had taken them over a decade to finally get to this point, and he wanted to celebrate that. He smiled when he remembered how they got together.
His movements suddenly became a little more aggressive, and it didn’t help that Dean was giving back just as good as he was getting. The food was long forgotten as Cas gripped the back of Dean’s hair, breaking their kiss and heading straight for his neck. He dug his teeth in (but not too deep) and  sucked at the pale flesh, the action earning nothing but elicit moans from the smaller man. He licked a stripe up Dean’s throat all the way up to the shell of his ear, and Dean shivered in response.
“Fine, fine,” Gabriel muttered. “Nice seeing you again, Deano,” he said, and disappeared into the crowded hall.
Eventually, the car stopped, and it took Sam a full minute to realize that Dean had been waving a bony hand in front of his face and repeating his name over and over again.
Dean nodded and slowly pulled away, pushing his glasses up and swiping underneath his eyes to erase any evidence of his tears.
Chapter 1 : Bass Shivering Bass - Venus
“What?” Dean asked, rubbing his hands together in an attempt to generate some heat.
Thank you all once again for the lovely comments and kudos! They truly are appreciated! :)
“As tempting as that sounds, I think it’d be best if I did this sober. So…raincheck?” Cas suggested, and Gad nodded.
It had taken Dean a full minute to respond, the lump in his throat impacting his ability to speak.
“Yes, ma’am, I’ll see you soon,” he said, and hung up. “I’m so sorry, Ca-“
“Mr. Winchester?” He’d faintly heard his name being called, mind still reeling from the state of the person he’d just seen.
All too soon, the alarm was waking them up Monday morning, but neither Dean nor Cas had wanted to move from the cocoon they’d transformed their mess of blankets and comforters into.
“Here,” Claire interrupted, slamming a prepackaged sandwich into his chest.
,” Dean stated and got up, swaying a bit as he left the table and headed for the bar.
at his own words.
“It’s definitely been too long,” Dean agreed with a nod, eyes squinting in the afternoon sun, sizing Sam up and down as Sam had just done to him. “How in the hell did you manage to get even taller, dude?”
“I was overweight and got sick of looking the way that I did,” he finally admitted, though Sam could see that it was bullshit clear as day.
Salad – 200 calories ?
The resounding gasp of air that left Dean’s lungs sent Castiel into a panic. He was immediately on his knees beside Dean, one hand settling atop Dean’s ribcage, the other sliding beneath his neck. His glasses had managed to fall off and the image of his husband searching blindly for him scared him more than he’d ever admit.
“I just love you is all,” Cas answered simply and pulled Dean back into his embrace.
“Among other things,” Cas murmured in between bites, the comment making Dean’s face go red.
It was Sam’s voice he made out first, vehement anger clear and present in his tone.
Jody couldn’t help but snicker at that. “I’m pretty good myself, thanks. I think Dean's straightening up the non-fiction section right now,” she added, unable to help herself.
“I’d think you’d have it on all the time as hot as the summers get here,” Sam commented, and Dean shrugged.
“It was just a dream,” he murmured to himself. “Just a stupid, fucking dream,” he reiterated, though his voice was still a bit shaky.
“You got this when you fell earlier, didn’t you?” Castiel’s voice was low, and really, he was angrier at himself than anything for not noticing sooner, but he just didn’t understand why Dean had to lie when he was anything but alright. Why couldn’t he just tell him the truth for once? Was it really that hard?
No fucking way.
“Just have a lot on my mind, I suppose,” Cas stated, gazing out the window.
“Dean?” Cas asked, figure now standing in the doorway.
“Is he okay?” Mrs. Baker asked in a hushed tone when they were out of Dean’s reach of hearing.
Chapter 2 : The Looking Glass - Christian Burns/All Hail the Silence
“Why do you think that?” She stared at him expectantly.
“Have any plans for Christmas?” the smaller man asked offhandedly, not yet making eye contact but continuing to sign paper after paper, stacking them in a neat pile in one of the many silver paper organizer bins on his put together desk.
Chapter 8 : Afterglow - INXS
Shame washed over him as Jack led him towards what he presumed was a bench. He felt around for the arm rest before he sat down, sweat beginning to pool on his forehead and lower back. He heard rustling noises before a cool bottle of water and what felt like a granola bar were pressed into his hands.
He closed his eyes tightly, the darkness of the room coupled with the fact that his glasses were still on the nightstand making his vision completely useless at the current moment.
Cas rolled his eyes and shook his head, but wrapped an arm around Dean’s chest anyway, hand coming to rest once again on his ribs. He settled back into the couch, content to be Dean’s body pillow for the time being.
He stood up from his desk, making sure everything was in order before he exited the information room and made his way towards Master Chief Shurley’s office. He straightened his uniform as he approached the door, smoothing out any noticeable creases before he knocked on the door with the placard that had the Master Chief’s name and rank on it.
“Dean, I know this is frightening, but you have to take the first step towards getting better. Technically, I can’t force you to do anything, unless you prove to be a danger to yourself or others. But it doesn’t take a rocket scientist to see that you’re suffering.”
Chapter 3 : We Went for a Ride - Fefe Dobson
“I’m injured, not elderly,” she huffed back, and he laughed at her retort. “Take it easy, Jody,” he said with a wave, and waited there until she was safely in her car. He let the door close behind him as he went back inside, not bothering to lock it since they would be opening in a few minutes.
taste of it.
Dean’s breath hitched and Sam saw the cords in his neck pull tight. There was something akin to fear in his eyes now, and Sam hated pushing him this far, but he needed to know what was going on. What was the catalyst that made Dean choose to do this to himself?
The words left Sam’s lips before he’d realized he’d even said them.
“Ah yes, I remember those days. Nothing like hormonal teenage awkwardness at its finest. That was nice of you to do that for him,” Cas added, and took a sip of his coffee. He moaned at the taste, taking a much larger drink than he’d first anticipated. He wasn’t much of a coffee drinker until he’d met Dean. He’d thought it to be more of an acquired taste and used only for it’s caffeinated purposes, but Dean had managed to change his mind, surprising him with new flavors from their local farmers market each week.
He swallowed thickly, mouth starting to water as he thought about how easy it would be to demolish the thing and then just stick his fingers down his throat before he could digest any of it. The thought of being free and clear and fucking empty afterwards won out, and he grabbed the carton and fished a spoon out of the cutlery drawer.
His brow narrowed as he internally berated himself.
“Hey, hun,” Donna greeted her as she entered their home, flashing Jody a toothy grin until she saw the look on her face. She immediately went over to her, decked out in her Kiss the Cook apron, and placed a hand on her cheek. “What’s wrong?”
gotten it, and that was all that really mattered. “Hey, I was close,” she added as she took the last bite of her sandwich, and that earned a huff from Dean. "I at least know who Batman is.”
“Smells good,” he commented, hating the fact that he secretly wished he could eat the whole damn thing all to himself. Cas didn’t bake very often, but when he did, it was like heaven on earth. He had managed to burn quite a bit when they first got together, but had improved greatly as time went by.
He absolutely fucking hated that everyone looked at him with worry in their eyes now.
Gabriel
The first thing that struck him was the immediate slap in the face of the midwestern heat and humidity, and it instantly reminded him of how much he didn’t miss living there.
“Ignore it,” Cas ordered in between kisses and the masterful things he was doing with his tongue.
“Can we just stay like this? Forever?” he asked, and Cas hummed behind him.
He swallowed, Adam’s apple bobbing visibly as he did so. He took a deep breath and dared to open his eyes, florescent lightning and blurriness greeting him.
“Hello, Dean, I’m Dr. B,” she greeted him, flashing impossibly white teeth behind a barely noticeable smile. “We have a lot of work to do, don’t we?” she asked, though it sounded more like a definitive suggestion to Dean as she picked up his chart and skimmed through it.
He’d been trying. Not necessarily to be better, just trying to be better at hiding that he wasn’t exactly doing so well.
“Well, first thing’s first — have you ever kissed anyone before?” Dean asked, taking his pocket knife out and opening the boxes.
Dean let out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding once she was gone, the mask of control and determination shattering with each second that passed. He shivered as the chill of the IV snaked through his veins and the cool hospital air conditioning spilled through the vent on the wall.
Dean nodded and mumbled, “You wore me out,” then wrapped his arms around Cas’s neck.
Chapter 1 : Bass Shivering Bass - Venus
He swallowed thickly at the thought and eased out of Cas’s touch and proceeded to exit the bathroom.
“Why don’t you want to stop? Huh?” The anger was starting to come back even though fresh tears were rolling down his cheeks. “You look like a walking skeleton, Dean! How can you not see that? I mean, what do you think Castiel is going to do when he comes back? Don’t you think he’s going to be worried about losing you too?”
“Satisfied?” the darker-haired man asked, looking a bit smug now. “Because we need to get going or we’re seriously going to be late.”
Tears sprang to Castiel’s eyes as he shook the image from his head.
Castiel didn’t miss the way Dean shivered almost as soon as they were in the house even though it had to have been at least eighty degrees in there. That coupled with the humidity made sweat bead on his forehead almost immediately. He quickly wiped it away as he watched Dean walk unsteadily towards the stairs. Hearing a huff of irritation behind him, he couldn’t help but roll his eyes at Sam’s silent but present anger.
“Dean, are you okay?”
Dean’s stomach chose that moment to growl, and Cas fully encased him in the towel that smelled of the little bear Dean claimed he wanted to murder in a feverish ramble once upon a time. “You sure you don’t want to eat something first before you go to sleep?” Cas inquired, gently pushing Dean’s hair out of his still closed eyes.
Cas gently pulled away from him, tan hands raising up to cup his tear-stained cheeks. His brilliant blue eyes shined with unshed tears as he framed Dean’s thin face with his hands, carefully swiping away each new tear that fell with the pads of his thumbs.
Salad – 30 calories
calmer.
“I see Claire is here,” Donna stated brightly as she came back down the stairs, an older woman with short, gray hair in tow. Once they reached the bottom of the stairs, Donna introduced them. “Everybody, this is my mom, Sarah; mom, this is Dean, Castiel, Jack, Kelly — Oh, I’m sorry dear, what’s your name?” she inquired, looking at the dark haired girl.
Dean swallowed thickly and nodded. “Just stood up a little too fast is all,” he stated with a forced, polite smile, and set the books down on the counter. He pointedly ignored the shared look between Claire and Jack behind Garth.
Sam had let his comments stay to himself, but he wasn’t sure how much more of it he could take before it came tumbling out.
! Why couldn’t they just leave him alone?
A knock at the door forced him to his feet in an attempt to distract himself from how hungry he truly was. He set the beer down on the large wooden coffee table and headed to the front door. “I got it!” he called out, not wanting Jody or Donna to have to rush to let Claire in. He opened the door, and just as predicted, Claire was standing there hand in hand with who he presumed was Kaia, the girl he’d overheard her telling Jack about.
“Oh, thank God,” Dean’s voice snapped Cas from his thoughts.
He’d started writing down everything he ate back when Cas had first mentioned him losing weight, keeping it all in a notebook in the drawer of his nightstand. It was strange when he flipped through it and saw how day by day, the amount changed.
into a mirror lately? I thought you were dying when I first saw you, Dean! I hardly even recognized you at first!”
“That would be a yes, Mr. Handsy,” Dean quipped, and Cas chuckled in response. “You really must’ve missed me, acting like a horny teenager and all,” and Cas laughed even more.
“Why do you like it?” Dean inquired, and Cas quirked an eyebrow. This wasn’t going spectacularly well by any means, but Dean was much calmer than he expected him to be.
be upset with you,” he started, Cas’s mouth on his neck temporarily cutting him off. “But I may be so inclined as to let you make it up to me,” he continued, hand sliding up through the back of his husband’s dark hair as Cas started to undo his jeans. Cas’s dick twitched as he saw that they were definitely looser than before and upon this new discovery, he found himself pushing Dean down onto his back and removing his jeans and boxers from their original position. Upon seeing the hip bones that were peaking up through his skin, Cas wrapped his hands around them and hungrily took Dean’s cock into his mouth as he sank to his knees. “My God, it’s good to have you back,” Dean murmured in between moans, and Cas took him all the way into his mouth. He loved the feeling of taking control, and it was more than obvious that Dean seemed to enjoy it as well judging that he was beginning to get louder and louder with each passing second. It wasn’t long before he was coming, and Cas swallowed him whole one last time before releasing him from his mouth. “Upstairs, now,” he ordered and Dean forced himself up onto his elbows, still a bit breathless from his orgasm.
Chapter 7 : Night Moves - Bob Seger
“What? You’ve got to be kidding me! Fuck, I’m sorry, Cas, I didn’t even realize…” Dean trailed off, frown set upon his lips.
“Dean, you and I both know that you’ve never cared what you put in your body up until May of last year, according to your notebook. Don’t lie to me. What happened?”
Cas had surprised him with new pants a few weeks before. He’d worn thirty-sixes for so long that when he’d picked up the pants and read the
“Uh huh. Sure you were,” Cas played along, rolling his eyes as he turned down the street that led to
“What’s the name of that superhero again? The Clash? The Smash?” she asked, knowing it had to be one of the two.
“I hope that you do,” she returned, giving him one last glance before she opened the door and went into the room.
“On that note, I’ll be right back,” Dean said, shaking his head at Cas as he got up, taking the empty glass with him.
Sam nodded in understanding as a tall, thin woman came out from what he presumed to be the kitchen.
“Fuck you, Cas!” Dean shouted, the cords in his neck more pronounced than ever. His glare was almost as sharp as his cheekbones.
2 Tacos – 400 calories
She thought back, recalling when he would eat greasy double cheeseburgers and fries for lunch and bring a dozen donuts in for breakfast. Or when he’d bring in a pie his husband had made for him, eating almost half of it before letting anyone else have any.
Chapter 5 : Dust - Hælos
He watched guiltily as Dean stood up far too quickly, Castiel’s reflexes kicking in and catching him before he could even think of hitting the floor.
“Actually —“ she began, but Jack cut her off.
Cas stared at him for a moment, observant eyes looking him over before seeming like he was satisfied with Dean’s answer, though not entirely.
Dean stared at him unsurely for a moment, then nodded. “Okay,” he agreed and Cas planted a quick kiss on his lips before disappearing into the kitchen.
Cas bit his bottom lip and crawled onto the bed, straddling the other man. He gently ran his fingertips down Dean’s sides, his heartbeat quickening at the touch. “I like the way it feels too,” he whispered, and then leaned down, planting featherlight kisses down Dean’s stomach as he gently pulled down his boxer briefs and already unzipped pants and tossed them to the floor. When he heard no protests, he undid his belt and rid himself of his own remaining clothes, they joining Dean’s on the floor as his straining cock was finally freed.
The man standing next to it was an entirely different story.
“To us,” Dean repeated with a sad smile, tapping his glass against Cas’s, then took a sip. It was sweet but not overly so. Cas followed suit and took a drink from his as well. He leaned down, setting his glass on the edge of the tub before standing back up. His blue eyes were glimmering as he gently took Dean’s glass from his hand and set it next to his.
“Sam’s right. You’re…you’re sick.”
Castiel sighed, biting his bottom lip momentarily before repeating himself.
*S*P*N*
enjoying the free alcohol, babe,” Dean replied with a wink and drunken grin. “What are you doing?”
“Well….no, but my friend Max told me that I should practice on my hand so I’ve been trying that, but I don’t think it’s the same,” the teenager replied, stocking the crisp, new comics two at a time.
“Oh, good Lord, you scared me!” she exclaimed, holding a hand to her gray sweater-covered heart and Dean immediately looked guilty. “I might as well get a new name tag made for you that says Barry Allen on it,” and Dean's eyes brightened at that.
The taller man looked nervous but returned the gesture. “See you on the other side, brother,” he sighed, and made his way to the front of the church.
Dean knocked on the door, and they were both greeted by a grinning Donna who was clad in a gray sweater with a turkey on it that had an air bubble above it with the words
Dean was silent and a bit unsteady as they left the hall, Cas immediately slipping his arm around his waist to keep him upright. No words were spoken between them until they were both settled back into the jeep and getting onto the highway.
Chapter 4 : Can't Love Me - (featuring Tyler Blackburn) Novi
“I don’t know about all that, but thank you nonetheless,” Cas replied and took a drink of his beer. “I do appreciate this tonight, it means a lot.”
“I could never get sick of you,” he choked out, bottom lip quivering in earnest, eyes glimmering with truth.
“At this rate, you’re – ohhh – probably right,” Cas managed to get out as Dean nipped at a hip bone as he finally rid Cas of his last piece of clothing. He carelessly tossed the plain, white boxers to the floor, mouth heading straight for the large cock that was currently leaking pre-come. With one swift move, he engulfed Cas into his mouth and Cas couldn’t help but thrust up in response, the heat of Dean’s mouth sending sparks through his vision. He gently placed his right hand at the nape of Dean’s neck, running his fingers through the fine hair there as Dean brought him closer and closer to the edge. Dean hummed and hollowed his cheeks, taking Cas fully in and out, in and out over and over again until the edges of Cas’s vision darkened and he felt himself coming with a jolt, Dean swallowing down every bit of it and then some even after he had finished.
“You need a better phone, something with a louder alarm on it,” he joked as they came in.
That was happening more and more lately as well.
Castiel felt the immediate urge to reach out and put a stop to Dean’s hair pulling, but guilt made his body feel like lead, leaving his hands to hang limply at his sides.
“Hey, eyes up here!” Dean warned, playfully swatting his arm.
Donna raised her eyebrows at that. “Do you really think that’s a good idea? If he does have one, ya know,” she said, gesturing around with her hands, “do you think it might be putting him on the spot? It could make it worse.”
He somehow managed to hold her gaze, challenging it with his own, a little bit of fight still left in him. “I walked ten miles and forgot to bring my water bottle along with me,” he answered, sitting up straighter.
Dean bit his bottom lip, the thought of digging into one of the pies that were showcased neatly in a row in the clean, glass displays making his stomach growl impossibly louder.
The church bells began to ring, drawing his attention away from Dean to his surroundings. “Sounds like it’s time to take your place,” he said and gave  Gadreel a reassuring smile.
“Oh, thank God,” Jody muttered as the timer went off in the kitchen. “Hope you all are hungry because we’ve got enough food to feed an army,” she added as she disappeared back into the kitchen.
And now?
“I was supposed to go in, but Claire texted me earlier and said she had it covered. It’s Sunday, so it shouldn’t be too bad since it’s only a six hour shift,” Dean explained as he got up and took Cas’s mug, and made him another cup of coffee.
Just thought I'd add that each chapter is titled after songs.
Cas hadn’t even really thought about it until now, but it nagged at him.
Cas sighed and walked over to him, turning Dean towards him by his shoulders. “You’re coming with me, and we’ll make this work,” Cas stated, reaching down to button Dean’s open trousers. “Deep breath in,” he ordered, but Dean wasn’t having it.
Spaghetti – 450 calories
“Y-yeah, it’s me, Dean,” he responded and cleared his throat.
“You okay there?” Cas asked, still holding onto him tightly.
“And I can say the same,” Dean said, forced smiled held firmly in place as he slowly backed away from her as her hand slid all the way down to the small of his back.
Cas nodded and let his hand stray back down to Dean’s waist. “How about you head upstairs and start a bath, and I’ll meet you up there?”
“I’m doing very well now that I get to see you,” she replied, reluctant to let go of him and winking at Jody who couldn’t help but grin wider in return.
Chapter 1 : Bass Shivering Bass - Venus
Dean cut him off, trying his best not be annoyed but he was fairly positive the emotion was starting to bleed onto his face. “Do you have your membership card? Pretty sure you’ve earned a free book.”
Dean couldn’t help but snicker at Cas’s reaction. “Nice to see you too, Gabe,” Dean replied, then swallowed down one of the glasses he was holding.
He’d been having a pretty rough day, one ungrateful dickhead after another when he’d literally bumped directly into Cas, the food he’d just picked up crashing to the floor. He’d stood there for a moment, and before he could control himself, he’d started to cry. Cas being Cas had apologized profusely, his already guilty visage turning even guiltier (if that were at all possible). He’d even went so far as to put everything back onto the plates, making it look as though none of it had touched the worn and not so clean floor. The action had stopped Dean’s tears, even going so far as to make him smile, a gesture that had been more practiced with fake politeness than genuine at the time.
“Jody, you know as well as I do that Monday nights are usually slow anyway. I got this,” Dean stated, and she gaped at him, shocked that he’d actually spoken more than two words to her. “Don’t look at me like that. It’s no big deal, really,” he stated and knocked back the rest of the coffee. He set his mug on the counter and disappeared out of the room.
“You’re going to make me burn the eggs,” Dean replied, trying to seem unfazed and Cas couldn’t help but laugh. “Oh fine, I missed you too. Happy now?” Dean asked and shut the burner off before turning around to face him.
His heart began to hammer in his chest as he rushed to unlock the door, not thinking twice about the impending storm awaiting him inside. He stuck the key in the deadbolt and turned, ignoring the fact that the door wasn’t even locked.
A round of agreement came from everyone at the table, and he was thankful that he’d managed to take the attention away from himself. He hadn’t even finished half of his plate yet and his stomach was beginning to cramp. He forced himself to take a drink of water, fighting back the bile that was beginning to rise in the back of his throat. It was starting to become too much, and he could feel how heavy his stomach was getting. He didn’t even want to look down because he knew with as much food as he’d just consumed, it was sure to be bulging out. He clenched his jaw and forced another bite of turkey into his mouth, instantly regretting the action as he felt his shirt grow tighter around his mid-section.
Curiosity got the better of him and he removed it from its hiding spot, absentmindedly placing the cushion back into its place.
Sam extracted himself from the Impala and followed Dean inside the small café style establishment. The place was almost empty, just a few people scattered amongst the small, round wooden tables, sipping on what Sam presumed to be coffee from over-sized mugs and munching on late afternoon snacks. There was a sign hanging up at the front where the register was that said
“Shut up and pay attention,” Cas replied, polite grin still plastered on his features but his voice completely contradictory to his expression. He wondered who he was speaking to more — himself or Gabriel. Either way, the other man stayed quiet for once.
“Can’t hide those guns,” Dean quipped and laughed at the expression on his husband’s face. “
Dean took in a breath and closed his eyes, inwardly contemplating whether or not Cas could tell that all three pounds had more than likely went straight to his gut. He glanced down at the tan hands that were resting on his stomach and tried to suck it in as much as possible.
“You’re usually a little more talkative,” Dean remarked, the comment throwing Sam off guard. “I mean, you usually look like an over-sized puppy, but you usually sound like one too.”
God, just thinking that was so
“If this is what you really want, then I’ll do it,” Dean stated.
His hands shook as he unlocked the front door, though he was inwardly thankful at the warmth that greeted him as he finally stepped across the threshold and pulled the door shut behind him. He hung his keys on the key rack, and shrugged off the damp hoodie, hanging it up as well. He briefly considered going into the kitchen, to at least get something warm to drink, but the couch looked more inviting than anything so he trudged over to it, kicking his boots off as he did so and laid down. He pulled the blanket that was draped across the back of it down over himself and closed his eyes, managing to slide his glasses off and sat them on the coffee table before he passed out.
“Why wouldn’t I?” he asked with a shrug, leaning over to pick his beer back up.
“You…you of all people don’t get to say that,” Dean stated, voice even as he pointed a finger at his husband. “I did,” and he hesitated with his words, hating the fact that he was once again confessing something rather intimate in front of his brother. “I did exactly as you asked, and now you’re agreeing with him?” he asked, incredulously, gesturing towards Sam. “What the hell, Cas?”
“This is
“Dean, I’m sorry. It was stupid and I’m drunk and you know how I get when I drink. It’s like my mouth just doesn’t stop moving,” Cas apologized, guilt clearly written across his visage.
Dean sighed and ran a hand through his hair, Sam not missing the way he tugged at the ends of it tightly before releasing it. “It’s not…that easy.”
The temperature of the house immediately caught Sam’s notice – it was warm, not cool and air conditioned as he was expecting.
“That would be lovely,” Mrs. Baker said with a nod. “See you later, Dean,” she added and waved at him.
“Shit,” he ground out when he heard Cas calling out his name. He hurriedly flushed the toilet and stood up, not expecting darkness to snake into his vision. He leaned heavily upon the sink, heart thumping a mile a minute in his chest as he somehow managed to turn on the water, even in his mostly blind state. Cool water soon rained down onto his hands and he quickly rinsed his mouth out, wishing that he’d remembered to have left a toothbrush and toothpaste in the half bathroom. His mouth reeked of upchucked cookies and ice cream, but the taste didn’t even compare to the fear that was currently running through his veins.
“I just want to take care of you,” he said, tone earnest, voice low as he leaned over Dean and removed the lube from the drawer of their nightstand. “Is that alright?” he asked, looking down at Dean as he squeezed the smooth substance onto his fingertips.
Chapter 9 : She Wants To Know - Half Moon Run
Cas quirked an eyebrow at that, the action forcing Dean to roll his eyes. “Okay, I’m almost fine. The worst of it has already passed.”
He peered over at his brother, an expression of anxiousness tightening his skin.
“I’m not exactly looking forward to the opposite of it though either,” Cas replied as he pulled out of the driveway and out onto the street. “The average temperature there during the summer is over a hundred degrees.”
“I’ll be out in just a minute, dammit!” Dean shouted back, and Cas could take no more. Without permission, he opened the bathroom door, only to find Dean struggling to button his dress slacks. His face was red and as he glanced up at Cas, a wave of shame spread across his visage. “Maybe you should just go without me,” he muttered and folded his arms across his long-sleeved, royal blue dress shirt-clad chest.
“Yeah, Dean, I’m back,” he replied. His voice was almost as soft as his touch, fingertips gently rubbing Dean’s back.
Dean pulled the smaller boy nearer to him so that he was as close to Dean as possible. “Hey, Jude, don’t make it bad, take a sad song, and make it better,” he quietly sang in his little brother’s ear while wrapping his small arm around him.
His reflection in the dream nagged at him as he continued his trek along quiet and empty streets. There was no way in hell he could allow himself to get like that, let alone look how he used to. If he hadn’t started losing weight, he was sure that he would’ve ended up like that.
He sighed and stepped out from behind the counter, placing his hands on both of her shoulders. “I promise, everything is fine. Take all the time you’ve need, okay? We’ve got this. Right, Jack?” he called out, and Jack gave them a thumbs up, the sign falling out of his other hand and to the floor. Jody’s eyebrow arched again, forcing Dean to repeat himself. “We’ve got this. Mostly,” he added, quirking his lips up into a half smile.
“Cas! Dean! Welcome!” Gad greeted them, immediately placing beers in both of their hands.
131.6
of the situation to the back of his mind.
“Me too,” Gabriel agreed, tilting his head back and holding the empty bottle above his mouth, overemphasizing the fact that there was nothing left in it.
Sam stared at the last entry again, rereading the numbers over and over again.
Dean shrugged exaggeratedly and forced down the last bit of the granola bar. “What, like a buck thirty soaking wet?” He sipped more of the water, surprise and relief flooding through him when the edges of his vision started to return.
He pulled it tighter around his small frame, ignoring the fact that it wasn’t exactly as small as he’d remembered.
Cas stared back at him, uncertainty written across his face. “This feels like a loaded question…”
a little voice in the back of his head said.
takes the cake, but I guess it works out judging that you want to do that professionally…”
Dean collapsed onto him afterwards, grimacing only as his skin made contact with the cooling come that Cas was still covered in.
“I’ll call you,” he finished, letting out a breath as he opened the door for her. “Scout’s honor,” he reiterated, holding up three fingers.
Utter shock lit up Dean’s eyes before he quickly shook his head and replied, “What? No, of course he doesn’t! Why would you even ask that?”
After the shower, he got dressed and went downstairs and into the kitchen. He hadn’t spent much time in it since he’d arrived, let alone the house itself. Dean had decided to take him sightseeing since he’d managed to get the weekend off, so they’d spent most of their time taking in the Great River Road and other touristy places Sam had asked to see.
“Dean, you know I love you, right?” Cas murmured into his ear, holding him impossibly close.
The text was from Claire, one of his fellow employees at the bookstore. He’d stepped in and had been managing the place while his actual bosses were away. Jody had been on medical leave for the past two months due to a broken leg suffered at the hands of her and Donna’s very own basement steps. Donna, on the other hand, had taken on the task of caring for her mother after she’d suffered a stroke two weeks after Jody’s accident.
you. Not all of us can look like you without even trying,” he muttered, and it was Sam’s turn to roll his eyes. He knew what Dean was doing, and he wasn’t falling for it.
The steam dissipated quickly as he turned off the water and grabbed a towel to dry off with, the cool air causing goosebumps to rise on his skin. Once he was finished removing any trace of the water from his skin, he wrapped the towel around his waist and put his glasses back on.
Chapter 7 : Night Moves - Bob Seger
“Like now?” Dean asked, hurt in his tone. He finally managed to look up from the floor into Cas’s eyes.
Perfectly
“Then what did?” Sam countered, folding his arms across his chest.
“K-a-i-a,” Claire said, speaking slowly and condescendingly as though Dean were the village idiot. “Her name is Kaia, and as a matter of fact, yes, I do.”
“Dealing with it how?” Dean continued with his barrage of questions as they crossed over the Poplar Street Bridge and headed into Illinois.
fine! You’ve been gone for God knows how long, doing what? Walking?”
Dean’s hands shook the entire drive to the airport. He’d done everything he could to steel himself for the goodbye, but nothing could compare to the emptiness that was consuming him as he found himself watching Cas board the plane. His chest ached as tears streamed down his cheeks, and he stayed until the plane departed, a piece of his soul flying away as well.
“Always such the keen observer, aren’t you?” Cas quipped, finally taking a sip of the gifted beer.
was loud enough to make it stop.
“H-hey, Jack, w-what are you doing here so early?” he asked, his voice coming out worn and shaky.
Dean sighed and took off his glasses, setting them on the nightstand in their usual spot. He removed the rag from Cas’s hand and tossed it on top of the pile of clothes that was lying on the floor, then got under the blanket and covers. He rolled onto his side, facing away from Cas. The action made Cas feel dejected until Dean reached up and gently grabbed his wrist, pulling Cas’s arm down until it was around his waist. Cas happily complied and slid under the covers behind him, thankful that Dean didn’t outwardly hate him at the moment.
The ceremony was over rather quickly, the church erupting in applause once the priest announced, “You may now kiss the bride,” to Gadreel. Once the organ began to play, Anna and Gadreel made their way out of the church and into the limousine that was awaiting them. Soon the crowd began to filter out, and Cas made his way over to Dean.
Tears were streaming down his cheeks now and he was almost gasping for breath. Had he actually said all of that out loud? Horror and embarrassment shook him to his core, but when he finally found the courage to make eye contact with Dr. Anderson again, he found that the expression on her face hadn’t changed one bit. She wasn’t looking at him as though he’d just grown a second head or staring in disgust at the lard ass he truly thought he was – she was looking at him as though he were just a regular human being who’d finally reached their breaking point and it was okay.
Chapter 2 : The Looking Glass - Christian Burns/All Hail the Silence
He shivered as he began to shed his clothes, first the hoodie, then the flannel, and finally the too large t-shirt that swallowed his scrawny frame. The buckle clinked on his belt as he undid it from its position on the smallest setting and his pants immediately slid down and to the floor with a muffled thumping sound. He kicked them off and was about to slide off his boxers when he caught sight of the scale, beckoning him from the corner.
“I’ve heard it's quite a hoot!” she laughed, and took the book from him, making sure to brush her fingers along his in the process.
“Does he work tomorrow? If so, I’ll make sure to stop by with my double fudge brownies,” she said with a grin.
“Oh! Right, of course it was. Because Jody would definitely never do anything like that,” Jack reaffirmed, shaking his head. He finished the rest of his ham and cheese sandwich, then gulped down the rest of his soda. “Aren’t you going to finish yours?” he inquired innocently as Dean pushed away from the table and stood up, leaving the other half of his sandwich on it.
Thank you all once again for the lovely comments and kudos! They truly are appreciated! :)
Cas sighed and ran a hand through his already unkempt hair. “I just like…the way it feels. We’ve been together for almost eight years now, and I finally feel like…”
Also, the song playing at the bar was Loud Places by Jamie xx
The windshield wipers clicked back and forth, back and forth, removing the small snowflakes only for them to be replaced with more. Jody sighed and turned the heat up as high as it would go.
“Do you think I’ll do okay?” Jack repeated. “Tonight?”
“I love you too, Cas,” Dean returned and pulled back momentarily to plant a kiss on Cas’s forehead before embracing him once more. “It’ll go by before we know it,” he reassured and Cas nodded into his shoulder though he remained silent. He wanted to stay in that moment forever and never let go. God, he wished he could just stop time, even if for only a day.
“No, ma’am,” Jack replied, serious expression now on his face. “I was told there were going to be lots of games, um, something called Seven Minutes in Heaven and Truth or Dare.”
“Dean, what the hell is going on? Did he ask you to do this?” Sam could feel his anger building once more.
“Dean,” and this time it was Castiel’s voice, low and sure. It silenced both brothers, Dean’s chest heaving a bit more than Sam’s.
Sam huffed at his brother’s words but felt a smile turning up the corners of his lips.
“Sam,” Castiel started, but it was Dean’s turn to cut him off this time.
He knew Dean was in a fragile state. He had been since Castiel had been deployed, and it was understandable, of course.
“You got it, kiddo.” She watched as he disappeared into the break room, immediately trying to think of an excuse to go in there without making it look obvious that she was trying to check up on him. She glanced at the coffee carafes and made her decision. After a few minutes, she picked up the one that was still half-way filled with regular coffee and went in there, hoping she didn’t look as nosy as she felt.
Strawberries – 45 calories
Jody could feel her lips pursing to one side, unable to hide the disdain she felt at his offer. “I appreciate that, but I’m sure Donna will be able to do it.”
Dean whined low in his throat in response, but answered anyway.
“What?” Dean found his voice going to octaves higher than it normally did. He closed his eyes and shook his head. “I do
Once everything was on the ground instead of in his stomach, he reached for the bottle of water that he kept close at all times and took a drink, swishing the clear substance around in his mouth, then spitting it out onto the asphalt before closing the door and leaning back in his seat.
Castiel had a white-knuckled grip on the steering wheel, body tense and rigid. The amount of self-loathing that was running through his veins was enough for him to want to crawl into bed and never get out of it.
“You okay, man? You usually don’t get this…”
And that wasn’t even counting what her customers were going to drink. Or Dean, for that matter. The kid seemed to live off the stuff as well, only he took it black, which she thought was a travesty.
He forced open the car door, it groaning as he did so. He made a mental note to pick up some WD-40 the next time he went to the store, whenever that would be. He grabbed the two bags out of the passenger seat and stood up, a bout of dizziness assaulting him as soon as he was on his feet. He made quick work of using the car to lean on, closing his eyes for a moment until it went away.
Awkward silence settled between them until Jack finally spoke again.
“We’re not seriously —“
Dean tried to act as casually as he could, placing some of everything on his plate and acting like nothing was wrong. He was trying desperately to not think about how many calories were in front of him, but it was an impossible feat. He managed to at least eat slowly, cutting the turkey into smaller pieces, and focusing on eating more of the vegetables than anything.
– he went over to the sink and filled a glass with water. He took a sip before he returned to the table and opened up the bottle of vitamins he’d left there the night before. He tapped one of the light orange pills out on to the palm of his hand, then placed it on his tongue, washing it down with a large gulp of water. He put the cap back on the bottle and set it down on the table.
“I hate you.”
“More than you,” Dean lied as he attempted to stand, his legs feeling more like jelly than flesh and bone. He sat back down, jaw clenched at his weakness.
Dean offered a small smile at that and nodded. “I’m fine. Just thinking about tomorrow,” he lied, and pulled on his own coat. Though the bookstore was a smaller one, they still held their own black Friday sale, but it was more a customer appreciation day than anything. Dean actually enjoyed the busyness and hectic day, and knew that it would serve as a decent distraction more than anything this year.
Castiel’s frown deepened, the expression on his visage marred with guilt and worry.
Sam glanced over at him, worry stirring his chest as he saw a bony wrist peak out of the long-sleeved flannel that had been covering the appendage up until then. The watch that decorated it slipped down and out of sight, back underneath the cotton that had been concealing it.
“Love you too, buddy,” Gadreel responded, and handed the microphone back to the DJ.
The plastic bags crinkled as he took the meager contents out and loaded them into the fridge (with the exception of the remaining bananas)  –  two small bags of salad mix (60 calories each), the pint of strawberries, two bags of baby carrots (170 calories each), celery (50 calories), three yellow apples (80 calories each), and a couple of green peppers (33 calories each).
Donut – 350 calories ??
“Like you said, we’ll make it through this, one day at a time. Eventually, the year will be up, and I’ll get to come back to you. You’ll get so sick of me, you’ll probably wish I had stayed gone,” Cas joked in an attempt to lighten the mood, but the words made Dean immediately shake his head in response.
Chapter 7 : Night Moves - Bob Seger
“Mr. Novak, Dean’s awake. You can go back in now,” she stated, gaze searching behind him in the semi-crowded room, obviously looking for Sam.
“You two have a seat, and I’ll get that right up,” Liz said, and disappeared back into the kitchen area.
, he told himself, and jammed his hands into his pockets.
And Dean wasn’t having it.
Jack was standing in front of the store, pacing back and forth. The kid was brown haired and thin, and dressed in clothes his mother obviously bought for him. He was a sweet kid, and appeared nervous as Dean approached.
Chapter 1 : Bass Shivering Bass - Venus
“Alright,” Cas complied, releasing Dean and heading towards the food. He was
Chapter 3 : We Went for a Ride - Fefe Dobson
He was fine.
They’d meet up whenever they could, Cas spending most evenings at the restaurant when he had the chance. Sometimes he’d help Dean clean up, much to Dean’s chagrin. He’d pretended that it bothered him, but it hadn’t. Not really.
“I know it’s going to hurt and you’re scared, but you need to take a deep breath. Slowly, that’s it, that’s it,” he murmured, as comfortingly as he could. His heartbeat thumped in his ears as Dean’s breathing eventually evened out, though he could still see the smaller man’s pulse — beating far too fast for his liking — in his throat.
Apple – 80 calories
When he’d asked Dean to lose weight, he had no idea that it would turn into
Sam thought back, desperately trying to recall anything in their conversations from that time period, but the more he thought about it, the more he realized that they really hadn’t communicated all that much. He was in the full swing of his relationship with Jess then and school was as hectic as ever. The more he thought about it, the more he realized that he and Dean had barely even spoken then.
Sasquatches eat exactly?”
“What?” he asked, brow raised in confusion, heartbeat beginning to speed up again.
He starred at the small scrawl on the sheet of paper and decided to add the banana and carrots to it, regardless of the fact that he’d thrown up the salad and banana. It was better to overestimate than under, he figured.
“No, I’m not going to shut up, Dean! This needs to be dealt with. Now!” Sam shouted, standing tall with his hands placed on his hips.
“What needs to be dealt with?” Dean threw back at him. “How many times do I have to tell you that I’m fine!”
“Hey, Liz,” Dean greeted her.
His heart was back to beating a mile a minute and his breaths were coming a little too fast for his liking, but it felt like he couldn’t get enough air in his lungs no matter how hard he tried. He hunched over the steering wheel, leaning his head on the cool, black leather until it felt like he could breathe normally again.
Traffic was slow as it usually was on Monday mornings, and she could feel herself growing ever exasperated at the idiocy that showcased itself in the form of inexperienced drivers. Driving in a couple of inches of snow was nothing to her, having been born and raised in South Dakota where winters never seemed to end.
Chapter 5 : Dust - Hælos
He forced the tears away for the time being, all the while knowing they were going to come back with a vengeance sooner rather than later.
After several near trips on the stairs, they reached the top and Cas could help himself no more. He found himself in almost the same position as earlier that day and picked Dean up, a small yelp of surprise coming from the taller man.
Cas couldn’t help but wonder.
. Its primary location is in Bahrain, but due to the rising tensions near and in the middle east, you will be on water more than you’ll be on land. Your assignment date to report is January 12th. You’ll do training drills on the
His knuckles were stark white as they gripped the wheel, an internal battle raging in his head.
Now he was starving himself to death.
There were tears there, threatening to spill onto the other man’s cheeks, but Dean could tell Castiel was doing his best to not let that happen. He also wore a frown on his handsome and tanned face, and Dean’s brow lifted in curiosity.
Just thought I'd add that each chapter is titled after songs.
Ellen chuckled again at that and shook her head. “That’s exactly what I’m talking about,” she stated, nodding towards the monitor. “I can see the gears are already turning in your head, so best stay on the right track and you won’t have any trouble. If you need anything, just push that button right there, but Dr. B should be in here soon.”
“Yeah, the new place finally had their grand opening, but he’s sticking around for a while to make sure everything continues to go smoothly,” she explained. “So, how’ve you been? Haven’t seen you around here in a while.”
“And any time you feel the pain, hey Jude refrain, don’t carry the world on your shoulders…”
A resounding and frustrated, “Yes, fuck!” came pouring from his brother’s lips, and Sam stood there, momentarily dumbfounded by the sudden admission.
“Maybe I should start stopping in more. Bring some treats or something,” Mrs. Baker offered as she took a sip of the tea Jody had handed her.
“Hold it,” she ordered as the car stilled, though the engine was still running, granting them a warm aired reprieve before they ventured out into the cold.
That’s when Dean realized that his husband wasn’t hugging him back. Dean blinked in surprise and lifted his head from Cas’s shoulder, fear wrapping itself around his insides and twisting it into knots.
“Sure,” Jack nodded and followed Dean out of the room and into the stock room. Dean handed him a box, then took one himself and carried it out and back into the main room. He’d managed to convince Jody and Donna to start carrying them not too long after he had started there, and though they were hesitant at first, they wound up drawing more business and created an entire section just for them. They even celebrated free comic book day and Batman day, two things that Dean couldn’t help but be proud of. “Do you think I’ll do okay?” Jack’s voice cut through his thoughts, and his head immediately jerked up.
“I’m great!,” he answered truthfully. “I’m going to my first high school party tonight, so I came in early so I could go.”
His attempt at speaking was curtailed by what felt like a piece of the granola bar stuck in the back of his throat, so he took another sip of water and tried again. “No, I’m not,” he admitted with a shake of his head.
“Cas, you okay?” Gadreel’s voice came from behind him and he actually jumped at the sound of it. “Geez, man, what’s going on?” the dark haired man asked, concern etched into the lines of his face.
“We need to get you some new jeans,” Cas stated as Dean grabbed the remote and sat down next to him.
“And how tall are you?”
do this.
The toddler sniffled and two more large tears rolled down his reddened cheeks. He was on the verge of another crying spell, and surely, that alone would set their parents off on another torrent of fighting.
“Cas, Cas, I’m gonna – I’m gonna come! Oh fuck!” Dean exclaimed, white, hot strings shooting from the tip of his dick and all over Cas’s rock hard abs and chest. Cas didn’t last much longer, burning the image of Dean bouncing on his dick with the most delicious look of pleasure on his debauched visage into his brain so that he could look back on it for the lonely nights to come.
His mind was still reeling from what had just taken place that it took him a minute to pull himself together.
“I did,” and Dean paused, his jaw clenching visibly from the piece of his cheek that was still visible to Castiel, “everything you wanted, everything you asked. And now you,” and finally, he raised his head up and glared in Castiel’s direction, though the other man knew he truly couldn’t see him clearly without his glasses on. “You want me to…what? Go, go and talk to a complete stranger about how I can’t stand the sight of food now? How the only thing I can think of is losing even more weight, so I can make
His footfalls echoed down the hallways as he made his way out of the building, his mind starting to drift into a daze.
“Hello, Dean!” The tall, rail thin man greeted him with a toothy grin and a wave. “And I most certainly am. You guys are the only bookstore in town that actually does special orders. Did you know that?”
“We probably only have a year or two at the most left before I’m reassigned somewhere else, and I guess I just feel bad. With us having to move every couple of years or so, I just feel bad for Dean.” That was most definitely not why he was drunk, although, the thought had crossed his mind before.
His still sleep-hazed mind suddenly became a lot clearer and his heartbeat sped up.
He and Gabriel had never been very close; he was Cas’s friend and former co-worker, after all. Dean never really saw him except at events and the occasional card game that Cas would host every now and then at their house. And even then, things were usually awkward between them in one way or another. Dean never quite understood why; they just were.
“Hey, Gabe,” he said, attempting to be casual but the words came out slowly, like they were made of molasses. He cleared his throat and tried again. “How's it going?” He shifted uneasily, hand clamping tightly onto the small grocery basket he was holding.
Just thought I'd add that each chapter is titled after songs.
He wiped the tears away with the heel of his hand, hating that the want for a better life was going to take them away from each other.
“Honestly? I just want you. It feels like forever since we’ve actually been able to spend any time together. I miss you,” the blue eyed man stated truthfully, and couldn’t help but grin when Dean abruptly wrapped his arms around his shoulders, pulling him into an embrace.
He shrugged again before he answered. “Um, probably a little over two hundred, I guess.” He was almost positive that his stomach was just one, ginormous knot now. It was the only explanation for how twisted his insides currently felt.
“How do you feel today, Dean?”
“So how serious is it?” Dean continued, trying his hardest not to smile at the irritation that forced a scowl onto Claire’s youthful visage. “Gonna take her home to meet your mom? Or just keeping it casual?”
Flurries were scattering around them, the wind catching them and twirling them about. The sky was a lighter shade of gray, appearing as though the sun wanted to shine through before it was due to set, but couldn’t quite break through.
Dean shrugged, a drunken grin that didn’t quite meet his eyes pulling up the corners of his lips. “I’m right as rain, sweetheart,” he said, and took a rather large drink from his glass.
“We invited you over, pal, although if you’d like to take over, by all means,” Jody said, gesturing to the stove. “The only condition is, you’ve gotta put this on,” she stated, gesturing to the apron.
He nearly jumped out his skin as he opened the door and saw Kaia standing there. “Drank a little too much too fast,” he explained as she just nodded unsurely at him. He turned around and rolled his eyes at himself, then scrubbed a hand across his face, hoping and praying that she hadn’t been standing there the entire time or he was totally fucked. He absentmindedly rubbed his stomach as he made his way back towards the kitchen, it actually feeling flat for once underneath his fingers.
‘’ Sorry Papa, I forgot.” She smiled sweetly. Castiel knew it was her ‘get out of trouble smile’ that she somehow perfected. He rolled his eyes, but his lips twitched into a smile. He had a hard time ever staying upset with her. He could only imagine how she would eventually exploit that in her teenage years.
“Dude you don’t gotta freshen up for me. Didn’t you just shower earlier?” Dean asked confused. Cas chuckled fondly at him before smirking.
At pick up that day, Cas had even complimented him on his choice of costumes, making Dean blush this time, as he stammered out a thank you. It had been a pretty good day, and if he happened to have some
“I agree. At least most of the time.” Cas joked. They stared at each other, caught in each other’s eyes before they were interrupted by his daughter.
“Hold up, just…hold up, Give me a sec, alright? You don’t need to hang up Cas. I uh…I just wanted to make sure I heard you right.” He gathered his courage before he continued “Are you, um, asking me on like, a…Date?” The back of his neck felt warm, and he fiddled with the loose string on his pants as he awaited a reply, hoping against hope that he hadn’t misinterpreted the question.
“Fuck.” He groaned, puling desperately at his hair. What the hell had he just done?
Cas woke up slowly. He could feel Dean laying on his chest. He smiled looking down at his boy. He planned on asking him something important and he hoped it went well. He kissed Dean's forehead hoping he woke up soon. Dean shifted and blinked big green eyes up at Cas, giving him a smile.
‘Fuck!’ was all Dean thought as he realized where he recognized her from, and the color drained from his face. Blue eye’s daughter was in the class he was going to be student teaching in for the next three months. He was bound to run into her father at some point. This semester was definitely going to be interesting.
Dean scampered off to the car, laughing, climbing in the passenger’s seat and propping his feet on the dashboard.
“Rimming you.” Cas smiled deviously before leaning back in and flicking his tongue over the shiny pink hole.
“Fu-fuck! Cas! Geez!” Dean croaked; the breath punched out of him from the force of the thrust. Cas didn’t hold back, or give anytime for the Hunter to adjust. He pulled back and fucked into Dean hard and fast, making the other man whimper in pain and pleasure.
“Good night Dean.”
Dean sat on top of the platform in the dunk tank, waiting to be plunged into the water. Charlie had convinced him to volunteer again, and didn’t really give him an option to say no. He didn’t really mind though. In between being dunked, his mind wandered to when he sat in this very spot two years ago. He could not have predicted just how much that day would come to mean to him. It had been the first time he ever set eyes on Cas; the man he’d come to love more than anything else in the world. He couldn’t have imagined he’d also be blessed to have his little girl in his life. The little girl that he loved as if she was his own daughter. His life was so much brighter now that he had them in his life.
“Position. You mean if I top or bottom?” Cas asked, a smirk tugging at his lips. It was kind of cute to see Dean squirm about sex. He normally loved to brag about getting laid, so this was a treat to see.
Cas ran after Dean and grabbed his arm to turn him back towards himself. "Dean, no love, that's not what I meant. And I’m sorry you thought that. I don't think you are lying. Please don't leave me." He asked.
It had been a full week since he ran out of Cas’ house and Dean was moping in bed, when his bedroom door suddenly flung open. Charlie barged in and shut the door behind her before she plopped down on the bed next to him and leveled him with a stern look.
" Nothing is wrong love. Just eat your breakfast my dear." Cas said as he got up and walked back into his bedroom. Dean frowned but shrugged and kept eating, smiling happily at the taste. Cas had really outdone himself.
Dean groaned, hand gripping Castiel’s hair as he pounded in only a few more times before freezing up and whining, filling Castiel with come and resting over his back.
“Come on Bee, lets get going.” He chuckled as he steered Bianca to the car. He pulled out of the driveway of their two-story home in West Babylon, and made their way to the college Campus in Patchogue. On the way he appreciated the beautiful view. He was glad they lived on Long Island, New York. It was not cheap, but it was definitely pretty and scenic.
“I think I’m adorable.” Dean smirked “Come on! It’s next on my list!” He argued and Cas just rolled his eyes.
Cas knew he was being a coward. So, eventually he went back into the kitchen where Dean was still eating and sat next to him as he cleared his throat.
Cas would have maybe overlooked his sub's indiscretion. But of course, he had to be bratty about it. "You do realize I will have to punish you know boy, right?" He asked.
“I promise papa. That’s why I’m wearing my new pretty boots today” She replied, making Cas smile fondly. He loved his little girl.
“Y-you didn’t, not really. I, uh…I liked what we were doing. I was totally into it. It was just…the whole… coming in my pants prematurely thing.” The blush had worked its way down Dean’s neck and Cas found it so endearing. “If you, um…if you’d wanna try again, I’d be cool with it.” He stammered
“Yeah…, I uh…I might have freaked out a tad.” Dean chuckled humorlessly; voice laced with insecurity. It made Cas’ heart break for the younger man, remembering how nervous he had been when he was still a virgin himself.
*****************
"I should be home by 6. And if you PROMISE to be a good boy and not terrorize me while I’m working, I will cook you dinner, and let you suck me cock tomorrow night if you would like to come over"
Dean just blushed and mumbled a thanks before making his way over to where Cas stood next to the booze and pouring himself two fingers and downing it fast. The warmth helped sooth some of his nerves. He looked back up at his brother who was still smiling and he saw Sam’s own sweater had a rainbow with the words ‘Merry Christmas’.
“Fuck, n-no wonder why, huh, why guys like to…to bottom” He stammered through heavy breaths. Cas just hummed in reply before he pushed against it again, making Dean keen in pleasure. Soon Cas was thrusting his finger in and out, making Dean moan loudly, and screaming out each time that magical spot was hit. His orgasm was so close. He reached down to grab his cock, and it only took half a dozen strokes before he was coming all over the pillow below him. He felt the finger leave his ass and then he collapsed onto the bed, body shaking too much to hold himself up anymore. He heard a noise behind him so he turned his head to look and saw Cas stroking his own cock.
The last two years had been absolutely amazing. Dean had moved in right after graduation, and although it had been an adjustment for everyone, it had mostly gone smoothly. John had protested the change in living arraignments, but Dean had told him it was not up to John because he was an adult. Mary had luckily been on their side so John had just sighed and relented, but made sure to let them know he wasn’t pleased. Thankfully, over the last two years, John had finally,
Dean was gob smacked, and gaped like a fish before he was finally able to croak out a response. “Yeah…definitely, um, interested.”
Dean groaned in relief, two more thrusts into his prostate and he screamed as he came, sobbing in relief and cock spilling between them, smearing over his belly. Relieved tears flooded his eyes; his whole body aching from the the relief of the tension, jerking now with each very over sensitive thrust into his prostate, whining.
Dean thought about this for a moment and slowly nodded. "I'll think about it.”
“No, whatever you have to say to me you can say right now. I’m tired of you brushing me off.” Cas’ voice held hints of hurt in it and that’s what made Dean blurt out what he said next.
"You weren’t even moving!" Dean crossed his arms. "You can’t train my throat unless you make me take it.
Dean paused, "Cas, look at me." He said patiently. Cas slowly looked up and met Dean's eyes.
“It’s fine Dean.” He told his boyfriend with a smile before turning towards the older man.
“You seriously want to masturbate together, as some sort of…
“So…can I kiss you now?” He smirked.
Cas sighed. "Yes, I am a cop. What Dean has failed to mention Is that he purposely committed petty crimes to get me attention."
“Right there!” Cas called out, and Dean sped up hitting it over and over again. He reached up and grabbed Dean’s short locks in his fist, their eyes locked together and then Cas was coming, harder than he ever had before. In a moment of weakness, he pulled Dean’s head down and crashed their lips together in a heated kiss. He felt Dean moan into his mouth and then Dean’s thrust faltered as he coated Cas’ insides with his release. The kiss lasted minutes, or maybe seconds, he couldn’t tell; But when he realized what he did, it felt like a bucket of ice-cold water was thrown on his face. He began to panic, pushing Dean off of him as he scrambled to get up.
Music started playing from the speaker and both men watched Bianca dance around as she belted out the lyrics to the current song. They glanced over at each other and smiled at her enthusiasm.
“Hey sweetie. Is everything okay?” She asked in concern. She could probably see the anxiousness on his face, and feel the stress pouring off of him.
Dean grunted in surprise, feeling his hole stretch painfully and giving a small whimper. There was just enough lube that he was able to push in but it kept coming and Dean groaned, feeling it deep in his belly.
"So, where’d you two meet?" Sam asked, stirring his drink and smiling.
“Hey Cas.”
Dean found himself standing at the same door knocking, more nervous than he ever felt.
“It’s fine. Just remember going forward.”
“Oh, sorry papa I forgot I’m not supposed to talk about that cuz you only just started being boyfriends.” She smiled innocently, and Cas couldn’t really be upset with her. There was awkward silence in the air, no one knowing quite what to say, before Mary cleared her throat.
“Damn, we need to send Gabe a thank you.” Dean mumbled against his chest, making Cas chuckle fondly as he rubbed his hand up and down the other man’s back. Maybe he wouldn’t kill Gabe after all. He did help him land a new boyfriend after all.
! He was
twitch, and slid his middle finger gently into his hole.
Dean smiled, chest still heaving for breath but seeming a little more calmed down. "Thank you, sir.
“Heya Cas.” Dean beamed, looking adorable in his cap and gown.
"Hey. You just got all tense. Are you okay?" Dean pulled back to look at him, worry written all over his face.
“Don’t ask stupid questions.” He growled as he rocked their bodies together.
“I L-love y-you too.” Dean choked out through tears of joy. He leaned up to place a kiss on his fiancé’s lips
Dean writhed beneath him, whimpering for more. "Yes, please sir, take my ass, fuck me hard."
, he guessed you could call it, things had been much smoother sailing. Cas had apologized for their little tryst on the couch, saying he shouldn’t have gotten carried away without thinking of using protection. Dean hadn’t even realized you even needed a condom for what little they did. That had been a fun conversation, he cringed at the memory.
Dean straightened his shirt for the millionth time and Sam laughed from the back seat. "You act like it’s your first time meeting him Dean. Why are you worried about impressing him right now?” Sam said as he continued to chuckle.
“I-I’m sorry I didn’t tell you. I was just…embarrassed. I mean, I’m a 23-year-old virgin and you’re thirty. I didn’t think you’d want me if you knew.” He said sadly.
“Pretty and smart? Man, you hit the jackpot with this one.” Gabe teased right back making Dean laugh. Cas’ shoulders relaxed a bit, now that it seemed Dean wasn’t taking any offense at his brother’s words.
Cas continued eating him out, like Dean was his last meal. Suddenly, he felt Cas’ finger rub against his hole, beside his tongue, and Dean wanted it. “Do it Cas. Finger me.” He begged, wanting to know how it felt to finally feel something deep inside him.
“Yes!” Cas blurted. Dean looked up to meet Cas’ gaze and looked at him questioningly, unsure what he meant by that yes. Cas must have seen his confusion because he clarified. “Y-yes, I will experiment with you.” He whispered.
And that was just the PG rated stuff. Never mind the amount of times he’d fantasized about much more inappropriate things. Cas’ hips and thick meaty thighs had featured in many solo sessions. It really wasn’t fair that his roommate and best friend was like a walking wet dream. He couldn’t take another morning of watching Cas walk around in just a towel after a shower. No, he was going to grow a pair and finally confess. But first, he needed a last-minute chat with his other best friend.
“You don’t know that Dean!” She argued.
Cas sat up next to Dean. He ran his fingers through his hair and sighed. "I know I act confident most of the time, especially when it comes to sex. But honestly? I guess I just get really insecure sometimes. I’m sorry."
“Of course.” Cas replied honestly. He’d never break Dean’s trust like that.
The remaining guests all whooped and cheered, making Cas blush but smile fondly. He couldn’t wait for the next Chapter of their story together.
“I didn’t exactly want you to know.” He shrugged. “I thought you were straight this whole time, and that I’d never have a chance with you. So, when you said you might not be straight and that you wanted to experiment with me, I figured it would be my only chance to be with you like that. But it’s why I refused to kiss you. I knew once I did, it would hurt too bad not to really be with you.”
“Dude! You totally love the appeal of older men with scruff and dark hair! Harrison Ford? Dr. Sexy?” She accused.
“Um...yeah…if, ya know, you’re up for it?”
“I didn’t touch any of your stuff Gabe.” Cas said defensively.
Cas chuckled before tilting Dean’s chin up and placing a chaste kiss on his lips.
He felt Cas tense up for a moment before he sat up, dislodging Dean from where he had been comfortably laying. “We just had sex Dean.” He tilted his head in confusion. Dean knew he had to be beat red in embarrassment but since he already blurted that out, he might as well push on.
Dean used his broad muscles to lift the tree over his shoulder and told Cas to lead the way. They walked to the car and Dean got the tree all tied up on the roof, making sure it was secure for the drive home.
“Dean Winchester!” He heard on the loudspeaker and his watched his boyfriend stand up and make his way up to the stage. Dean shook hands with the people standing there and smiled for a picture. His whole family whooped and hollered, Cas included, and he saw Dean chuckle as he made his way back to his seat.
. Claire started fussing in his arms, clearly wanting attention.
Charlie had dragged Dean to the mall on Sunday to help him pick out an outfit for his upcoming date. He figured it would be a quick trip, maybe try on a few clothes, have some lunch, and then go home to watch Dr. Sexy. He hadn’t known that Charlie wasn’t kidding with her ‘montage’ comment. She made him try on outfit after outfit, and by the end of it, he had felt like a model after a long day on the runway. He had been so exhausted when they got home that he fell into bed, and didn’t even get around to watching the new episode of his favorite show until the next day after classes.
“Ugh Charlie, I’ve been trying. You saw me, right?” his daughter responded. He had to hold back his chuckle. This was too cute of an exchange.
“Ha.Ha.” He deadpanned, unamused at her teasing. “But yeah, I did run into him. And I'll be seeing a whole lot of him for the next three months since Bianca is in my class.
“Don’t. Let me see you.” He growled, sending shivers down Dean’s spine.
“I thought you were straight…” The older man blurted out, first thing that came to his mind.
“Sorry.” Dean whispered, as he buried his head into the older man’s neck. Cas rubbed his clean hand up and down Dean’s back soothingly, knowing the younger man probably needed a few moments to compose himself after his first sexual experience. He didn’t push, content to sit there with Dean in his lap for as long as he needed.
“I’m sorry, I… I can’t do this anymore. We need to s-stop this.” Cas stuttered.
"No, hold it until I'm ready." Dean was breathing hard now, hips rolling into Castiel with soft noises. He didn’t want Cas to actually know it was taking him so long because he wasn’t into this. Cas, unfortunately, wasn't used to having to wait to cum and he came when Dean hit his prostate on the next thrust.
“Just wait. By the end of the weekend you’ll see I’m not crazy Gabe.” Cas defended.
"You are so sexy, love." Cas said as his hands washed Dean. His sub sank back against his body and smiled, enjoying the touches. Cas finished washing Dean and began washing himself quickly before the water got cold. Once they were finished in the bath, Cas dried both of them off and dragged Dean into bed with him.
“Me too. Fuck… Can I come inside you?” The other man begged.
“Never, my love. You look stunning. Why have I not seen you like this before?” Cas questioned as he dragged his finger over the lace trim of the panties.
Cas froze "You love me?" He asked dumbfounded.
The party was loud and fun, people drank and danced to the music playing. They ate delicious food and Bianca had a great time. Cas didn’t get to talk to Dean much, since he was constantly being pulled in different directions, everyone wanting to congratulate him on his graduation. Charlie sat with Cas for a while though and they chatted about all different things. They had both gotten close over the last few months as well, and Cas was incredibly grateful to the fiery red head. If it hadn’t been for her, Dean and him most likely wouldn’t be together right now. He owed so much to her.
“I’m sensing a theme here.” He nodded his head at Sam who shrugged.
She always joked whenever they hounded him.
“That was dirty Charlie! Getting a young child to do your dirty work!” He yelled out to Charlie. Castiel could tell that he was only playfully glaring though. Dean began to climb out of the tank and Castiel became mesmerized at the way his white tank clung to his body and became almost see-through, showing off his pecks and abs. Castiel felt his mouth go dry and his pants tighten slightly as he watched Dean’s pants hang low on his hips and a sliver of skin show on his body. Cas looked quickly away from Deans body before he could be accused of checking him out. This was totally not a venue that he should be having these thoughts at.
“Good. Mine is in the bedroom. I can't wait to feel you around my bare cock." Cas said as he finished his last bite of dinner.
“Fuck, that feels good.” Cas said as his cock slid against the soft material encasing his best friend’s cock.
“…Thirty.” He managed to squeak out.
… what am I going to do?” He whined, as he banged his head against the table miserably.
“Hm…You never know.” She argued. “Just keep it in your pants till December 25th.” She smirked, making Dean chuckle.
“Sorry Papa!” She apologized before turning her former teacher. “Hi Mr. Winchester!” She greeted excitedly.
Cas immediately pulled back before his boy could come and gripped Dean's cock at the base to stop him from coming.
“Isn’t that why you guys moved in together?” His dad asked.
Dean sprawled over him, yawning and slumping on him. "God that was amazing.” He slurred.
"Moana. Why do you even have it?" Dean looked amused but happy, scooting into Castiel’s arms.
He reached for the bottle of lube of his dresser and drizzled some on his fingers. He reached between Dean's parted legs and pressed two fingers into his sub's hole. It was already pretty loose. Cas knew it wouldn't take much more to get Dean ready to take his cock.”
The class had a Halloween Party and they all dressed up; Dean dressed as Han Solo of course. The kids were all adorable in their costumes as well. Bianca was definitely his favorite. She had come in in the most adorable Bumblebee costume, and that’s when he found out the real reason her nickname was Bee. She had proudly informed him that her papa loved bees and that’s why he named her that, before asking him if he liked her costume. He had told her of course he did, and then she proceeded to run around the room trying to sting all of her classmates. It was never a dull moment with these kids.
“Sure.” Dean replied as he cuddled against Cas’ side, filling Cas with warmth as they settled together comfortably. He sighed in contentment, glad they had cleared the air and were moving on from last week. He felt hopeful again that things would look up from here.
Dean finally got enough of toying around. He grabbed his cock and started stroking himself to get hard. He hoped Cas didn’t notice that he had not been hard at all this whole time. He managed to stroke himself to hardness and laid over Cas and lined his cock up.
“I think that would be appropriate.” Cas quirked his eyebrow playfully. And then they both leaned in, lips touching gently before they tilted their heads to deepen it. It wasn’t heated, or passionate, but it was perfect. Cas sighed into it and ran his fingers through Dean’s hair. It only lasted seconds before they pulled back to smile shyly at each other.
“I think tradition says we have to kiss now Dean.” Cas said in his matter-of-fact voice and Dean turned to look at him. Cas was smiling shyly and Dean decided not to think too hard about it. He leaned in and quickly kissed the other man before he lost the nerve. What was supposed to be a chaste kiss ended up heating as both men got lost in each other’s lips. When they eventually pulled back to catch their breath, Cas leaned in close to Dean’s ear.
They both took time to catch their breaths before Cas moved back and helped Dean out of his panties and stockings and throwing them towards the hamper.
“Do you really want to know anything about my sex life?” Dean smirked, taunting his little brother.
He took his jacket off to hang on the hook beside the door, and as he turned around, Cas was on him, pushing his back against the door and taking Dean by surprise. He captured the younger man’s lips in a kiss much more heated than before. His lips made their way up Dean’s chin and neck till he captured the lobe of his ear between his teeth.
“Mine too!” Cas replied excitedly. He didn’t have many friends, and the few he did have, did not share his taste in movies or tv shows at all. And for Dean, of all people, to share his interests? Damn, this was going to be even harder to reel in his crush now.
“We figured you knew that we knew. You’d always crushed on male celebrities; I didn’t know it was a secret.” His mom just shrugged and Dean couldn’t help but laugh at the ridiculousness of the situation.
Dean shuddered, inhaling and exhaling. "Fuck yes. Now. Right now."
“Can you…uh, can you repeat that one more time?” Cas asked, still not fully believing he had heard him right. Dean rolled his eyes.
Dean kissed him and rubbed their noses together before sliding off his lap. Cas stood up as well.
“I dunno!” Dean shrieked all flustered. “I hit the wrong thumbnail or something, figured it was like a three-way maybe, but by the time I realized no girls were joining in, I’d already started, ya know.” He made a vague jerking off motion.
“My name is Bianca Novak. Something fun I did this summer was make Mr. Winchester fall into the dunk tank at the Carnival.” She smiled with a glint in her eye.
Cas pulled Dean down to sit on his lap. "I can definitely tell you have had to be strong and mature before you should have, love. I hope my insecurities haven't exacerbated that." He said seriously.
“F-fuck.” He whimpered as Cas began working his wet muscle inside of his ass, stretching him open, preparing him for more. He alternated deep pushes and quick flicks of his tongue, reducing Dean to a trembling mess.
“You’re gonna do great Dean. I have faith in you.”
"You sold your body for money?" Cas yelled incredulously.
“Cas wasn’t kidding about you ,huh?” He chuckled.
“As long as I’m spending time with you, it really doesn’t matter.” And he was being completely honest. He loved spending time with the older man, regardless of what they were doing. It was so easy to just be with him. They rarely had any awkward moments anymore, the more time they spent together. It was just so easy to become comfortable around Cas. And Bianca made him laugh on a near constant basis. He had come to really care about the little girl, more than he ever cared for any other kid he’d been around.
“Oh um…that’s cool.” He wanted to kick himself for the lame reply. Why was he always awkward with Cas? Ugh?
"A bath would be amazing." Dean said softly, smiling up at him.
"Ok um... Are you strictly a bottom? I know you said you aren’t a top. But are you absolutely against it?" Cas asked shyly.
Dean smirked, head still dipped, body still and breathing slowly to keep himself as calm as possible. He was silent until spoken to, but he wanted to see his face at least.
“I know you said that, but I still feel bad Dean. This is not exactly the most exciting place for a date.” He said bitterly, and Dean reached for Cas’ hand, covering it with his own before lacing their fingers together.
“Boyfriend?” His mom’s voice perked up questioningly.
"Mmhmm yes it was. Apparently, you have a Daddy kink huh?" Cas asked with a smile.
“Happy now?” He pasted a forced smile on his face, hoping to shut her up as he continued on ahead, walking faster. The quicker he got home, the quicker he could end this conversation and be alone with his thoughts. He still needed to process everything that happened tonight.
.” Dean wrinkled his nose in distaste.
"Impala." Dean replied, wiggling happily. "Hurry up, sir. I need it." He begged.
“H-holy shit Dean! That was…the funniest thing…I’ve ever, ever heard.” He chocked out between laughs. “I can’t believe…th-they thought we’ve been dating…this…this whole time.”
“Hey! I remember you!” She beamed cheerfully. “You were at the fair this summer with your daughter, Bianca, if I remember her name right.”
“W-what do you mean?” He stammered, and received an eye roll in response.
He hissed. “It didn't even happen an hour ago, and I didn't tell anyone either, so unless you somehow are now sharing secrets with Miss Mosley, I have no idea how you found out.”
“I want you to take your last ball and run up and smack it into the target to dunk my friend Dean. Can you do that?” Charlie asked.
“Alright, I think we’ve heard enough jokes.” He butted it. “I need to pick up Bee from school soon so I think we are finished here.” He stood up and the other two followed. He walked Dean out to his car and kissed him goodbye.
They were here to pick out a Christmas tree for their small apartment. This would be Claire’s first Christmas, and although she wouldn’t remember it, he was determined to make it the best Christmas ever. That meant a real tree. He didn’t have a whole lot of money to spend, so he was hoping to find a cheap one that looked decent enough. He walked through the lot to where the trees where, and began his search for the perfect tree. After twenty minutes, his hopes began to dwindle that he would even find what he was looking for. All of the trees where either way too big, or so scrawny they could give the Charlie Brown tree a run for its money. He was feeling so dejected until he heard a man speak behind him.
