“Well…” he began, and put a stablizing arm around Sherlock’s (horrifically thin!) waist. He began their walk. “These shelves here are for my grandmother’s treasures…”
That night, John felt the need to wander instead of admiring the stars. He slowly limped through the house, stopping at each closed-off room to open the door and gaze at the sheet-covered furnishings. This place he called home truly was a castle, a palace, when viewed objectively: many floors and many more rooms; servants’ quarters; a barn to the south that could hold two dozen horses. It seemed smaller to John than it actually was because he kept most of it closed up and curtains drawn shut: he, his healer, and his small contingent of guards and servants were the only ones living in the place. It would be too expensive to maintain the host of unused rooms as his grandmother had kept them, windows wide open and breezes sweeping through the halls, bright sunlight warming the wood floors. The emptiness saddened John immensely, so it was kinder to himself to pretend his rooms, the library, and the infirmary were the only places that existed in the house.
He finished his written thought, blotted the parchment, and bookmarked his place in the ledger. He allowed himself to glance out the window to his right: the summer morning was just beginning to warm, the dew drying and the air becoming heavy with humidity. He could see the trees that surrounded his property dropping off into patched land colored by promised harvests, still green, still maturing into gold. After a moment of peace, he retrieved his cane from its resting place (hanging on the back of his chair) and painfully stood.
Sherlock’s voice stopped him. “Your healer says I’ll be walking today. The infirmary is utterly boring by now.”
His restlessness intensifies as soon as he walks through the doorway. Sanford is nowhere to be seen but Mary sat at her desk, looking up from her breakfast at his entry. "I sent Sandford out on a break," she reported, then raised an eyebrow at the bowl in his hand.
“He’s had the surgery to be unable to knot, but that alone doesn’t explain it,” she quietly began to explain, and John winced. He might not be an alpha but he could commiserate the loss of one’s ability to mate and bond. “There are a lot of alchemists in the northland: I imagine he was medicated at regular intervals and his scent replaced to please the client.” She rolled her eyes at John’s questioning look. “My Order is campaigning to make the practice illegal. If the chemicals aren’t dosed properly, the patient can suffer terribly.”
John laughed at that and struggled to his feet with Sherlock’s help. Together, they limped out of the library.
John clenched his fist and opened it several times, forcing slow breaths through his nose. The animals wandering through the wartime desert had been skittish in the extreme, barely surviving in the fine line between starving to death and being just friendly enough to gain some of the army’s food. John had seen the bruising that painted the stranger’s skin: the animals fleeing overt violence paused for nothing, preferring starvation over risking a potential trap.
Yep, a northerner for sure: longish hair in dark curls, skin as white as polished bone (aside from the burns where he hadn’t been covered: John wondered if he’d been attacked and left for dead, robbed of even his clothes). At first glance, he was achingly gorgeous, all muscle and bone, but John has a keener eye than that: the man was purpled with old bruising. No scars, though. John knelt at the stranger’s head and hooked his hands under the stranger’s armpits; Mary lifted at the knees. The man was much taller than John had first thought, but John had no way of knowing how much taller. They lifted in unison and try their best not to jostle their patient. The stranger’s head lolled while resting on John’s shouler.
The stranger’s eyes opened again at that. “Sanctuary?” he sneered. “To a whore? Let me kiss your feet in thanks!” he rolled his eyes in the most dramatic manner John could imagine then closed them again.
He opted for a shave, taking care to neither cut himself nor miss a bit. For a brief moment he considered shaving places other than his face, but dismissed that as quickly as the thought came. The doctor had, after all, never voiced a preference for such personal grooming other than in his sexual preference for men, and with men came hair. He did however, make sure to trim various areas, but that was as much for own vanity as for anyone else's sake.
John shook his head slightly and tried not to smile too broadly in case it inflated Sherlock’s ego too much further. The truth of the matter was that they had always known they were likely to meet at some point in this or a future tournament. They had even joked about it once it became certain that John was returning to singles. It was the way things went in a knockout competition. If they were both seeded in the top eight then there had been a one in four chance of meeting in the quarter finals and a one in two chance of meeting in the semi-finals, provided neither of them got knocked out in an earlier round of course. Then once it had become clear they had been drawn in the same half of the pack this time it had merely become inevitable.
“Sherlock, did you get me socks for my birthday?”
Paris, John finally realised. He was seeing the sight of Sherlock in the moments following his loss to Moriarty in the final of Roland Garros. This was the Sherlock who had come so close to lifting the Coupe des Mousquetaires at the French Open only to have it snatched from him. Sitting on his courtside chair, towel clenched in his fist, Sherlock didn’t move, didn’t react, just stared and stared and stared.
Met someone he actually wanted to have sex with.
They ate in quietness and afterwards Sherlock joined the doctor by the sink, drying off the dishes as the doctor washed.
He could imagine Harry standing by the large window, looking out across the sweeping landscape, violin clasped loosely under his chin, whatever he had been playing lost to his thoughts, while behind him, John quietly approached, slipping his arms around his lover's waist, resting his chin on a shoulder, looking out to share in what the other saw.
After a sharp look, he did so.
It didn't make the waiting any easier though.
"Lastly, my initial suspicions were raised the very time we first met."
Then the fingers were withdrawing and he whined in annoyance, head twisting to see why. The answer was suddenly obvious though, thick and hard as it jutted from the doctor's groin, and in an instant everything became even more real.
"Oh. Yes. Thank you."
“Smoke screen and mirrors. The postcard is circumstantial at best. We can’t prove it’s from him. Oh
“Good serve there from Zhi Zhu, but he’s going to have to do that more often in the next set.”
He left the words unspoken though. There would be better time and opportunity, he concluded. Tomorrow, he decided. After the night. After what they would do. Then he would see.
The lack of maps was somehow unsurprising, but the compass and torch would come in useful, and he slipped in a box of matches just in case, although he was certain he would find some kind of civilisation or habitation before long.
“What about the ATP?”
And it was obvious, now that he realised it. He just had to find the final piece of evidence that he was certain existed.
“If you don’t fucking well fuck me right this fucking minute," John growled, twisted his head to shoot his lover his darkest look, "I swear I will-” He groaned as the fingers pressed firmly back into his body.
"You've hidden it. Pretty well considering I didn't find even the barest hint of it. Not that you’ve been looking after yourself properly.
“Signature deep forehand into the far corner and Holmes takes the first mini break.”
He went for the bathroom, shutting the door firmly behind him. Scrambling for the bolt lock, he breathed deeply as it slid into place, momentarily resting his head against the rough wood before pushing away to look around.
He decided on pants, only because he thought the doctor might appreciate being able to take them off. He certainly hadn’t made the decision based on his own modesty and discomfort in being so undressed.
“Waiting for me?”
The candles were out by the time he exited the bathroom. The soiled sheet had been stripped and the duvet had found its way back onto the bed, which was where Sherlock was sitting, his head bowed, shoulders slumped in a way that spoke of more than just physical exhaustion.
The box in question held an assortment of records. Some were reasonably new, some considerably older, a couple were even still in their wrapping. Queen's Greatest Hits 1 and 2. Nigel Kennedy playing Vivaldi's Four Seasons. Soundtrack from some movie called
“It’s still on serve here, but the pressure is now all on Watson. Watson now needs to win his service game to stay in this set and force us into a tie-break.”
"Quite right too," he responded with a shy smile that simply begged to be kissed.
After a decade, I returned to London, and in a fit of what I thought of as inspiration, embarked upon the necessary training to become a doctor. Whilst the knowledge of herbs and natural remedies had been both an interest and hobby for me in the past, a more systematic, regulated approach was coming into practice. Having witnessed the skills of the ship's surgeon while we had sailed, I was keen to learn more and was amazed by the further developments since then. I will not deny that there was a certain selfishness in my choice, for I planned on putting my new knowledge to good use by keeping my next Sherlock hale and hearty and with me for as long as possible.
The note had been left on the kitchen table.
, he read.
There was once again a brief moment where he was in balance, when the sensations, the pleasure, the moment, were all aligned, and it was so clear, and sweet, and perfect, and then....
It had all been there, right in front of him, right from the start.
The doctor shifted forward to the edge of his seat. "Well I'm glad you found this then," he said. "You deserve to be able to take something good away from this week."
“Okay,” he said carefully, “talk.”
It seemed almost silly now that he had once thought the room might have had a more nefarious purpose.
The lack of previous contact had only made this more intense, all the nerve endings across his body that Sherlock had taken the time to awaken were singing along with each movement of the tongue and mouth. There was heat, and warmth, and pressure, and bloody hell he was about to-
So that's it, that's the end:
The second had led to the first, but the first in turn compounded the second. It meant that even if at some point he did find himself wanting to experience sex, there was a good chance he would be held back by his lack of experience.
Next week is the actual match. Promise.
"Rapid growth spurt?" the doctor said.
Sherlock considered it. "You knew I had little intention of coming back."
He swore again at the stopping and with a laugh Sherlock resumed his task. Bloody hell it was glorious. His penis throbbing beneath him, hard and all but forgotten, while the tongue did things more rarely done.
The doctor was waiting for him when he emerged. That was, he was sitting in his armchair, fingers between the pages of that stupid reincarnation book, but it was obvious that he was basically waiting.
“Sport plays a major factor in the life of the park,” Sherlock continued. “Tennis being one of them. The Central Park Tennis Center has 30 outside courts, 26 of which are clay, the others hard court. I have never played there, but I believe Agassi and Borg both have.”
As they walked, Sherlock could almost see the land changing as the doctor spoke, pointing out the original course of a particular river, the odd rocks that spoke of walls or paths, the odd pattern in the heather and grass that spoke of previous cultivation.
He ran his finger across some of the tomes; Elizabethan and Jacobean classics; Shakespeare, Marlowe, Kyd, Spencer, Sidney, Jonson, Webster, and more; poetry by John Donne; various works by John Milton. Then more poetry. Actually there was a lot of poetry. All the Romantics, but also a completely separate section for Scottish poetry; Gaelic, low scots, English, far more than just Robert Burns.
Cashed in favours, a path littered with the dead at his hand, both human and otherwise, and a fifteen month hunt that had ended with a burning chateau in France.
(See the end of the chapter for
Oliver was certainly not without potential and was more than happy to accept some advice from the only living British Wimbledon men’s champion. Apparently John was an inspiration, a living legend, and nothing John could do or say was going to change that.
The doctor smiled. "Are you always this demanding?"
After a period of adjustment, a sort of equilibrium is reached, a meeting point between the man he is and the men who have gone before. This might reveal itself in a previous interest being once more taken up or new talents being discovered. Holmes' knowledge of geography and seafaring certainly improved following the most recent change, although that did not stretch to astronomy, a subject he continued to treat with contempt.
“You close?”  John pressed his nose against the middle of Sherlock’s chest, shifting his arms once more to offer as much support as possible.
This week, this sham of normalcy, had not only shown him what was possible in general, but that it was possible for him as well.
Nothing had changed and yet everything had changed.
He stopped bouncing the ball and readied himself, threw the ball up and uncurled in the serve. The ball flew back, forehand, forehand, backhand, forehand, now close it down, get to it, volley, and yes, you’ve done it. That was good. That was good.
Sherlock looked up somewhat taken back. “How could the unofficial story ever match up to the public displays of indecency and envisioned rounds of passionate, kink filled, Karma Sutra sex we were reported to be routinely engaging in?”
He had never felt his own isolation so keenly before.
The doctor gave him an apprising look, but shook his head as he put the vehicle into reverse. "Not this time."
Sherlock looked away, something he couldn't quite identify easing back down within him.
"Yes, I am aware of your excursions, as I am aware that you are a member of the same club I had previously investigated. While you might have been aware of any attempt by myself to follow you, my homeless network were far less conspicuous.
Whatever words I had been planning were now completely lost to me, so it was with relief that he decided to continue the conversation himself.
Then it stopped and he gasped like a man surfacing for air.
"The first is that, regardless of modern distaste of the inclination, I am indeed an invert. I do not and will not consider it a perversion or a moral failing, and I request that you never again speak of it to me in such abhorred terms. What one man may do or feel with another is of no consequence of anyone other than of the parties involved. I will not accept being told it is shameful or unnatural, or that it makes one socially or morally inferior as a result, and I beg that you do likewise. If it is too your nature, as you have so alluded, then I will not have you think of yourself as being perverted, detestable, or abominable.
"Just the usual. Keep in touch. Look after myself. Eat more. Which reminds me, what do you say to an early dinner since we sort of missed lunch?"
; born, lived, died, and then born again, no memory of who he had been previously until John found him, bit him, and reawakened him.
Spreading the manuscripts across the dining table, he lifted the Strad to his chin - truly a prince among instruments - pulled the bow across the strings and started to think.
“Oh right.” He looked around again. He didn’t see it. “Uh, where is it then?”
"So you kidnapped me instead."
There was, but doing so brought little satisfaction. The damage was already done.
Sherlock had gone.
He expected a defensive comment back, but the doctor merely seemed to find it amusing and took it as a sign to slip the tips of his fingers under the waist band of Sherlock’s jeans.
, or at least, what was left of him.
“Happy birthday,” he said, before leaning in for a soft kiss.
He tried the side pocket. A-ha, one black, sleek flip notebook and… what was this? He frowned as with the notebook he pulled out some kind of a card. A postcard actually. Three letters were neatly written on the back, while on the front…. He felt the blood drain from his face.
"I know," came the reply, head tilting to press a kiss to his palm. "I remember."
“Um. Right, yes, of course,” John said.
And god he wanted him.
"Can you play me something?"
“That’s not the only present I have for you,” Sherlock said, “but it seemed prudent to give those to you before the match.
The movement drew notice to the uncomfortable pressure at the front of his jeans, the bulge straining against his flies. His spare hand moved without thought, but stopped suddenly as if torn between hiding it and pressing against it.
He had been planning on staying here overnight and starting a fire, he remembered. That seemed such a long time ago now.
All the names that Sherlock calls John:
“Yup, fine.” It was probably best that Irene sorted out the table. At this late notice her name would have far more of a pull, especially in the heart of New York City. She would also have the better connections, what with being
“Yes,” Sherlock affirmed, “but you still love me.”
Turning away, he moved to gather his books to take them upstairs. If he couldn't sleep, then perhaps forensic pathology could keep him company. That way at least he would be out of sight and no longer intruding in the doctor's makeshift sleeping area.
Maybe it was the words, or the tone of voice, but something shifted in his mind as the kaleidoscope of mental images that formed part of his memory settled on a particular time and place.
“But he hasn’t actually said it.”
“What did you tell her?”  He didn’t bother asking how Clara had managed to get Greg’s number; sometimes it was best not to ask, and Clara was nothing if not resourceful.
He took a deep breath. "While for most people, the outcome of the mere physical act would be enough to warrant participation in the act, I am not one who-"
He had gone to bed having lost nearly as many games as he had had won.
The seconds ticked on, but the hours stubbornly remained.
story. Somehow I feel the unofficial story is far more interesting.”
"Of course."
He turned the ball over in his fingers, bounced it twice and then opened the match with an ace down the line.
I’ll leave it up to you to figure out why the relevant board game for this part might include the word ‘escape’ in it.
"What's really in the upstairs room?" Sherlock asked.
He offered a small smile against the doctor's broader grin.
“A shared glance and then they rose to their feet.
"Mouth though. Point straight, or even better, slightly downwards, and it's bye-bye spinal column, which does tends to be rapidly fatal. Which is the point, after all, isn't it, doctor? To. Be. Fatal."
"No, Holmes, you have spoken," I informed him quite firmly. "Let me now have my say."
Sherlock frowned for a moment, but then seemed to think nothing of it, launching back into some spiel about idiotic French reporters and in that instant John knew he had made the right decision.
“A mixed weekend for British tennis fans. Andy Murray is out, beaten in the third round yesterday by the twenty-fifth seed, Stanislas Wawrinka over four sets. It looks like Murray still hasn’t fully recovered from that ankle injury he picked up at Wimbledon.
But not until later?
He met the doctor's gaze head on. "Because you want sex," he said.
Gaelic (Scots) v Gaelic (Irish).
It was mildly unsettling, because no one else had ever truly been interested in his deductions. Mummy and Daddy had humoured him more than anything, and Mycroft had always been better at it. His classmates at school had not liked it, and his university acquaintances had either hated it or tried to use it to their own advantage. A little
He left it on, but turned it down. That just left the door. Unlocked, obviously, but also unlatched and slightly open. Not too open, but welcoming, expected.
Pulling his hands away, he quickly cupped the doctor's face, brushed his thumb across the lines below the doctor's eyes, and swooped down for a kiss.
“So I’m just saying that that’s not something you need to worry about. It doesn’t matter if it’s a close match or if you triple bagel me. I’m a big boy. I’ll cope. No seriously. I’m going to expect to see you at your best and then whatever happens, happens. Just a competitive match between friends. May the best man win. Alright?”
"The Paganini's," Sherlock said as he laid out his tiles, "they were his."
Discarding the now soiled sock, Sherlock gave him a lazy grin as he tipped himself forward, squeezing teasingly around John’s length. “Problem?”
He nodded and waited as the doctor went to fetch a menu.
"Because you're not boring!"
"No."
Of course, the choice may merely be nothing more than an illusion. He was only presuming that that was the key for the upstairs room, likewise that the other was for the Jeep, and from experience could he really assume that escape was truly possible? Or would he simply find himself back here in a few hours regardless, following some convoluted, seemingly inexplicable, highly improbable series of events?
"Sorry. Didn't mean to wake you."
The press hovered around for a bit, taking the usual photographs, but stayed at a respectful distance. They did shout a few questions at him as he packed up after practice: what did he think was his chances of beating Holmes; what was the highlight so far; was he enjoying being back?
Sherlock, for once, was seated properly in the armchair, fingers pressed together as in prayer, chin resting on his thumbs.  Behind him, the current game from the Arthur Ashe Stadium continued on mute, the players bordering on comical as they ran to strike the small yellow ball.
The doctor's eyes tracked the gun.
"I'm going for a walk," he declared firmly on reaching the bottom of the stairs.
Yet here it was.
The doctor stopped for a moment, a thoughtful look on his face. "I can't play that," he said, pointing to the violin. "Certainly not the way it's supposed to be played." He leant forward again. "But I can play the human body. And what I most want to do is to coax every musical note I can out of you. I want to know what makes you moan, what makes you groan, what it takes to have you scream my name.
There was a pause as Sherlock’s gaze searched for something in John’s expression. He must have found for a moment later he nodded.
"Well, in that case," he said, leaning over and holding it out, "you have it."
He drank, the water sloshing against his face, cooling the skin there. He felt ablaze. Heated. His groin felt-
True, the doctor had so far shown no sign of minding where Sherlock looked, but there was always the exception.
Finally!
‘Mr. Sherlock Holmes. Please rest assured that the matter to which you did consult us has been resolved. We now consider the matter closed and all debts between us discharged. Yours’.
Not if you planned to murder me, Sherlock thought. Too many people have seen them together now. There was too much evidence to deny a connection between them.
The chill hit him as he lifted the heavy covers.
It was also the understatement of the year.
“And myself?” I asked, carefully refolding the letter. “What gave me away?” Curious as to what he had noted in particular, I implored him to continue, something he did with great relish.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes. Yes, it was. World number three.” John gave a small shrug. “Was only ever a slim chance of winning. Still, he’s an incredible player, even if he has a reputation of being a bit of an arse.”
"Yes." The doctor was nothing if not straightforwardly honest. It was refreshing.
“You’re going to have to talk to her sometime,” Greg continued. “You certainly don’t want her phoning Sherlock instead.”
So why did bees choose hexagons over triangles or squares? Marcus Terentius Varro – a Roman – proposed that a structure built from hexagons is probably more compact than a structure built from squares or triangles. A hexagon honeycomb, he thought, would have the smallest total perimeter.
Activities that would take place tomorrow if everything went to schedule.
He stopped and turned back expectedly. Sherlock had an odd look on his face, crinkled eyes, a slight frown, the one he tended to get when he was dealing with emotions that he found himself unable to express. He hadn’t yet, for example, said the word ‘love’, but John was not fooled into thinking that Sherlock’s feelings for him were somehow less than his own feelings for Sherlock. Not any more at least.
And then John got to watch as Sherlock reached the pinnacle and soared, muscles contracting, holding, shaking. Sherlock coming. Glorious.
Turning, shifting, stretching, he used the last moments of semi-consciousness to conclude that yes, he was in bed, but this was not his bed.
Closing his eyes, John took a deep breath and then slowly released it before looking up and getting to his feet again.
They talked, exchanging stories as the fire continued to spread its warmth. It was nice. Pleasant. Easy. The memory of the nightmare faded away with the cold and he found his eyelids becoming heavy and then it was more of an effort to keep them up.
“Ooooh, Watson hangs in there. Two excellent passing shots there from Holmes, but Watson got the volleys in, showing the type of skill that has helped make him such a formidable doubles player lately. Holmes, for once, had no reply.”
Shouldn’t-
Penetration.
He pointed out a few of the people around them. The woman behind the bar whose family had owned the place for at least four generations. The man in the corner who owed a farm, although he no longer ran it day-to-day if the cuffs on his trousers were anything to go by. The older retired couple who always sat in the same place, at the same time of day and ordered the same choice of food and drink.
"Now, tell me," the doctor said, joining him at the table, "have you ever played a game called Tafl?"
“And Holmes is wasting no time out here in this fourth set. It’s as if he wants this over with as soon as possible. He’s attacking Watson’s serve right from the get go. He’s not letting Watson settle at all.”
He had just been too blind to see it.
The question he now faced was what to do next.
"Breathe. Easy. That's it. Slowly does it.
While he sought a potential hiding place or two for the gun, the thing he did find was further manuscript paper, each page carefully annotated in neat musical notation, all apparently for the violin. Gathering them, he retreated to the clearer light of downstairs and looked through them as he thought.
“Watson looks exhausted and Holmes is taking complete advantage, tossing him from side to side. It’s almost as if he’s eager to get the match finished and get off the court.”
He could pack up his things, take the jeep and go.
"Many efforts were made to replace the book, but to no avail."
He packed the food and flask carefully away again. If he was prudent he had enough food and drink to last him another two days at least. It wouldn't be pleasant spending the night in the open, but he would do it if he had to.
“One row she said something that’s stuck with me, for better or for worse, ever since. She said, ‘Love is a hell of a lot more than just saying the words.’”
"We have time," he heard the doctor say. "We'll take it slow. And I'll take you through it. Nothing to be anxious about."
From what he could gather, Clara had booked his life all the way up to Christmas and beyond, somehow managing to squeeze in Top Gear, Graham Norton, and Sports Personality of the Year.
She gave a small smile. “Never ‘just’,” she said. “He needs you.”
“If you-”
He frowned, running his mind back through the experience, making sure he hadn't missed anything.
I did little to hide my expression of disbelief.
It took John a moment to recover from the unexpected sexiness of the whole thing. A glance down reminded him that a certain part of his anatomy had certainly enjoyed that moment, and more. Lying on his back, Sherlock was certainly going to get an eye full of just how much this was affecting him.
“You manipulated me, every step of the way.”
“And take your time,” Sherlock called as he reached the bathroom.
Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath and forced his mind to slow. He had time.
It was just a dream.
"Sherlock, calm down."
That was… unexpected.
Outside and he was suddenly faced with a whole new set of issues. It was cold, it was wet, he was isolated in the middle of the Scottish Highlands in November, and he had neither a coat nor shoes on.
It was infuriating.
"This was perhaps the only thing I could hold over them. Trusting my life to their good sense, I informed them that unless the situation was resolved swiftly and completely, I would take what I knew to the very highest levels of Government.
The figure loitered by the jeep, eyes scanning, searching, but then shoulders slumped as he obviously failed to find what he was looking for. The bags were placed slowly into the passenger seat footwell, and again the figure then stopped and looked round, tapping his long fingers against the jeep door. Another minute, another seemingly endless wait, then
"I-" hadn't really got that far, Sherlock thought. He honestly hadn't considered that he would be allowed to leave the cottage on one hand, or to do so alone on the other.
Was that what the poets extolled, the lyricists revered, his college acquaintances had laughed about but indulged in every chance they got? It had been... not unpleasant, but it had hardly been earth shattering.
John would have giggled at the whole display if it wasn’t for the fact there was something undeniably satisfying about Sherlock’s reaction. Knowing Sherlock so nakedly physically desired him was as much a turn on for him as for Sherlock. God knows Sherlock was definitely a physical turn on for him to.
“Watson lines up for his next serve. It’s good and although Zhi Zhu gets his racket to it, it goes wild.”
"Would you want to see me again?" the doctor asked.
In silence he took out the very item whose existence he had deduced.
"If... you'd... let me," he heard, and then the pressure was gone, and the heat, and the skin, and he blindly sought for it, wanting it back.
“I find it helpful to be aware of certain major landmarks and know where there are other tennis courts.”
"Of course," he responded enthusiastically and I could see he was ready to go into explaining mode.
Or he could take the second key and find out what it was the doctor had chosen to hide away.
as he thought of it, primarily to seek an alternative hiding place for the pistol. A traitorous part of his brain pointed out that it wouldn't matter in the long run, as a man determined to end his life would find a way regardless of what anyone else might do.
Holmes' face took on an uncharacteristic large smile as we drew apart, his face shining with joy as much as with relief. Then it faded a touch, his eyes darting to the door before alighting once more on mine.
We agreed to drive round after luncheon during which I probed my companion for further details of the man while making it sound more of curiosity than anything else. Inside, however, an excitement had gripped me leaving me anxious to discover just what sort of a man this Sherlock would be.
Studying it, he moved it to and through before deciding on the best position. There, done.
And once he again he just wanted to stay there, his face pressed against the chest, his body wrapped within those strong arms, where he could just forget the world, forget himself, forget everything, everything except-
The figure on the other end of the bench acknowledged him with a small smile before looking back over at the water.
‘Cause oh they gave me such a fright.
He gave a brief nod.
It was somehow different this time. Firmer. Warmer. The finger on his cheek turned into a palm and somehow they were closer still. The doctor's mouth moved with more purpose. No longer limited to just his lips, the doctor trailed a line of kisses across his cheek, his jaw, then back to his mouth, which he met willingly, lips parting to a caress by the tip of a tongue. Then suddenly everything was warmer and wetting and the doctor's tongue was doing things, and it was hot, and it was good, and he wanted more....
read the second. 221 years apart. He couldn't help but wonder if that was significant.
The doctor was gone and he wasn't coming back.
He awkwardly raised his eyes, meeting the doctor's gaze. There was warmth and affection there, but also a hungry longing barely contained behind the soft smile.
Illegal drugs, it turned out, were surprisingly easy to get hold of among the nouveau riche and the lower landed gentry of his elite university. Cocaine, heroin, ecstasy, whatever he wanted, however he wanted it, and he wanted it, oh God he wanted it. Anything to break up the tedium; to release his mind; to take away the encompassing emptiness life inflicted upon him.
So far the doctor had proven rather adept at predicting his actions. Almost frighteningly so. Was this just another version of that? Was he nothing more than a gambler, staking the entire enterprise on being able to predict the outcome? There had been a chance, after all, that the day before could have had a very different outcome. If he had headed away from the road right from the start, if he had gone north, not south, west rather than east, he could have been back in Cambridge by now, but he wasn't.
The man was an abductor.
“That certainly explains why he’s being doing so well. Fascinating insights there, and now the players are returning to their seats, Zhi Zhu first and then Watson a few moments later. Watson is of course two sets up here. What do you think we should expect to see in this third set?”
Checking his shoe laces for the third time, he turned as he heard his mobile vibrate. Fishing it out, he flicked to the new text.
“It’s Watson’s turn to serve and at the other end Holmes looks ready for him. Watson’s serve, Holmes forehand and what a return there from Holmes. He stepped in there and put everything behind that shot pushing it deep into the far corner. Watson can only look on in disbelief.”
“Promise you won’t hold back. During our match,” John said. “Promise you’ll treat me just like any other opponent. That you won’t worry about my back or shoulder, or go easy on me or anything like that.”
The doctor inexplicably seemed to find the whole thing overly amusing. "You took a second packet of biscuits," he said. Paused, then added, "I mean, you also took matches, which while useful are reasonably superfluous if you also take a torch, which you did, unless you planned on needing them for something other than light, which you also did. But for the most part, it was the biscuits."
Harry had been barely conscious when he found him, skin already unhealthily cool to the touch. But his words had haunted him ever since.
More than that though, the doctor truly seemed to like him back. Not tolerated him. Not humoured him. Not faked. Honest expressed enjoyment in sharing company. Easy to be with. Easy to like.
Kidnapper. Abductor.
There was nowhere for him to put his wet things though, so it was with some reluctance that he slowly made his way back down the stairs, towards the main heat source.
Favourite sexual activities.
Running the tap, he took his time rinsing his hands under the cold water. The face in the mirror still looked flushed, but there was nothing he could really do about that.
He heard the door open, the keys put down on the table, the figure approaching.
“The gentlemen remained silent after I finished, but I did not rush to fill it.
“And Watson pulls one of the breaks back to keep himself in with a chance in this tie-break.”
Cresting a hill he checked his watch and decided he had gone far enough. He was at least a mile away from the cottage now and once he followed the hill down he would be completely out of sight of it. All he had to do now was find somewhere suitable to turn off.
The doctor gave a nod.
“So, what else did you find out while you were researching?” he asked.
As the sensations had faded, the doctor had slowly drawn away, first by ensuring that he, Sherlock, was fully clean and back away, then by guiding them off the floor to the sofa. Sherlock had watched then as the doctor had quietly busied himself - stoking the fire, filling the kettle, even quietly putting on Hermann's violin and piano arrangement of Mendelssohn's Lieder - but with every action clearly keeping Sherlock in mind.
Sherlock waited.
He grabbed his boots, barely stopping to sufficiently loosen then before tugging them on.
“Just listen to the crowd.”
The expression was apologetic, the package carefully wrapped.
Growling, he clawed at the figure in front of him, hearing the shirt fabric rip as he aimed for the throat, teeth scoring without puncturing as he dragged his mouth across the skin, across and up until he could once more reach that mouth. The bottom lip throbbed between his teeth, then he was biting, groaning at the shots of blood even as he ran his tongue against the cuts to heal them.
Author's Notes and Clarifications:
That earned him an eye roll Mark VIII, the eye roll of
“‘This individual shall be taken care of’, the first gentleman said. ‘On this you have our word.’
The doctor's smile was lost in their next kiss, but no attempt was made to deny him the control. In fact, just the opposite.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.” Sherlock was pottering around in just pyjamas bottoms.
“I told her you’ll need a break after this anyway, so not to go too overboard with the scheduling.”
And the moon coming out in the gloaming.
The fingers paused for a moment but then resumed their pressure. "I know," he heard in the quiet. "Sorry. I should have thought. You need to get up now though. Up you get. Your back will thank you tomorrow."
“Better? He barely gave Watson anything more than a glimpse of a chance. This is Sherlock Holmes. This is the world number three. He’s raised his game. Can Watson respond?”
"Direct descendent of a clan chief," the doctor said, "if you take his word for it. Probably is too, through a younger son and a couple of daughters, but don't let him hear that."
“Then again,” John said quickly, “you’re obviously put a lot of effort into this, so I should probably shut up and enjoy whatever brilliant thing you have planned for me. So, how’d you want me?”
He cleared his throat. “So, anything else I should be aware of then?”
Another step forward, then another until John had to lift his chin to keep meeting that gaze.
It stopped. The heat, the sensations, the intensity, it all stopped, even as his body screamed in protest.
Hanging up his towel, he set about making the final adjustments. The throw was the first thing to go, pulled off the bed, folded twice more and tossed into the wardrobe for safe keeping. Next he pulled the duvet from the bed. It made sense. If it stayed it would only get soiled and he had no intention of hiding under it like a Victorian maiden wanting to protect her modesty. If they were going to do this, they were going to do it and he would give the doctor no excuse to mistake exactly who it was he was being intimate with.
The doctor's smirk was rich in amusement. "Care to be more explicit? Ale? Scotch? Irn Bru?"
“Yeah, fine,” John said. “Just let’s make it an early one. Matches tomorrow and all that, and I know what you two are like when you get going. And no alcohol for us.”
Three ways he could beat Sherlock and all of them rested on Sherlock’s shoulders. Sherlock would have to lose, pretty much throwing the match away, which was in no way appealing.
He had had a plan, and that plan had involved a week of uninterrupted cocaine solutions. The plan had not involved waking up in an unknown bed with no memory of how he had got there.
“Some,” she said. “Not all, but enough to piece some things together.”
"But not just a plan, a way out. And not even a bad one at that. Because you had already thought about it. Already toiled with it in your mind. Already made your decision as to how this all ends."
"If it helps," the doctor said after a moment, "I brought the ginger biscuits."
Michael Rabin is one of the greatest violinists of the 20th century. A child prodigy and “a young man of extraordinary promise whose violinistic attributes were practically flawless”, he tragically died in January 1972 at the age of 35.
The doctor stayed quiet, just watched him with a mild, calm expression.
He put down his napkin. “What do you know about his past?” he asked carefully.
No. He shook his head, alarmed at the foggy, sluggishness he was feeling. His brain felt heavy, useless. Dehydration, he concluded.
“They’re perfect.” That at least halted Sherlock’s words. “Honestly,” John continued. “They’re thoughtful, useful, and amusingly
He felt the growing presence before anything else. Weaker than it had been that morning –
His gaze drifted to the cupboard of records, considering and discarding each mental image, until... yes, maybe, something more modern, more
Sherlock stared at him.
"Yes."
“Uh, yes, fine, good,” Sherlock managed while fumbling with the bottles in his hands as he finally managed to tear his eyes away.
Not just a virtual stranger, but a kidnapper and possible rapist as well.
"Oral sex."
“Seven o’clock,” Sherlock confirmed. “She’ll organise the reservation.”
"Caffeine is a stimulant," he replied without thought. "Alcohol is a mood enhancer. Neither will help you sleep."
The doctor seemed to study the coffee table for a moment, then dismissed it. Stepping towards the armchair Sherlock was sitting in, he looked at it thoughtfully, took another step, moved to crouch, but then shook his head.
"It wasn't as you might think," he said after a moment. "It wasn’t a big thing for me. There was no struggle, no self-hate, no big moment of realisation. At least not about this. I was young. Curious. Unconstrained. There were girls. There were boys. Then there was Harry, and that was that."
"Okay," the doctor said slowly. "Where would you like to go?"
It had happened, hadn't it?
Oral fixation. Definitely.
"Can't remember the last time I did something like that, and even then it wouldn't have been to music like that."
He could hear his breathing getting louder, his pulse getting harder and faster. The pressure in his head slid back into pain and his mouth felt dry despite the recent drink. The reminder that he still needed to urinate came back to the forefront of his mind.
"And you've been building towards it all this time. Haven't you? So tell me doctor, how long?"
He shook his head and pushed on. Step after step, mile after mile, the distance nothing to him and his inhuman strength and stamina, until finally he found himself climbing up the watchman's hill overlooking what remained of Dubhloch Castle.
“Well, it will probably be more of the same; Watson holding firm while Zhi Zhu tries to find a way around him. So it could be another close set with Zhi Zhu hoping that age and fitness will be on his side, especially considering this weather. That said, Zhi Zhu might feel that he has no choice but to come out here and attack more. Two sets down against a very recent Grand Slam winner, he might have to go for a change, try something new, take some risks. Zhi Zhu isn’t one to go down without a fight either, so whatever happens, I think we’ll end up seeing more points being won, and more errors, either due to the heat and tiredness, or because they’re both going flat out.”
The rain hit his face the same moment the realisation that the door actually was unlocked struck him. He honestly hadn't been expecting that, his body working more on instinct than cognitive reasoning. He had gone for the door because he had needed to try. He just never thought he would make it.
“The list? What list?”
Figuring he had nothing to lose, he clicked the video.
“Yes, that’s it. Let me see you. God you’re gorgeous. That’s it. I’ve got you. I’ve got you.”
"Um, yes?" The doctor said.
He raised his eyebrows. Sherlock’s tone had been a little too smug-like. “You don’t think I could?” he said.
"Excuse me?" The hardness had given way to confusion. He had obviously failed to make the rather obvious connection between the two things.
"Seven days and I decide?"
"Highlander fan, then?" the doctor asked. "Or is it just our location?"
John grinned. “That’s true. Kind of goes with the territory. What about you? You played well today. Made short work of that last set.”
“Well it’s Holmes’ time to serve again. What can he do now?”
The doctor grinned. "In that case, this is how it is going to go. First, we are going to dance. Then we're going to kiss. Then... I'm going to bring you climax."
“I’m an idiot,” he said firmly, smiling when Sherlock grunted in agreement with him. “Forgive me. Thank you. It is thoughtful, and kind, and rather romantic actually,” he added, drawing away to cup Sherlock’s face in his hands. “No, don’t scoff, it is, and that’s not a bad thing. Just because I’m too thick to appreciate it properly without wondering how much it’s going to cost. Look, I’m just not used to being on the receiving end, I suppose. I’m used to counting every penny.”
Following the death of my beloved botanist and zoologist in '53, I found myself suddenly devoid of occupation. Clean living, fresh air and advancements in medicine had allowed my dear Sherlock to live longer than either of us had dared hope, before finally passing away at the respectable age of 71.
“Girlfriend?” the steward asked with a knowing smile.
Until now.
Flicking the button out, he edged down the zip, but couldn't bring himself to untangle himself from his underwear. Exposing himself seemed too much, too blatant. Unzipping was enough though, and he took the doctor's hand and sank down onto the rug.
"Sure enough, two days later I was paid a visit by two gentleman, who much like yourself, held all the vestige of being human without the fact. It was the first time I had knowingly been so close to such an individual, and I confess I found it fascinating.
"All the gothic books. Those are yours?" He laid a red eight.
Oh. Yes.
Looking round, he tried to decide what else he could do. There was nothing more he could do to the room, so the only thing left was, well, him.
“Watson still has break point of course as Holmes serves, but the ball is called long. Holmes bounces the second ball and serves. Watson forehand down the line. Holmes forehand. Watson returns. Holmes forehand clips the line. Watson gets to it. Holmes forehand. Watson backhand running in. Holmes again, but Watson’s at the net and volleys the ball into the empty court. And Watson takes the game.”
"Edwin Sherlock George Holmes," Sherlock said, emphasising each name. "My double great grandfather's first cousin. And my namesake."
"Now do it properly."
He heard the jeep approach. He heard the engine stop. He heard the door open and close, heard the feet crunch on the path. He heard the strong heartbeat, steady and only slightly elevated.
"You bribed me," Sherlock continued, another step forward, his voice more certain now as he moved from the past to the present. "You bribed me, with my own violin."
“Alright. That’s good. That’s just bloody great. What the
“Holmes has certainly dragged himself out of more difficult situations than this. How is he going to respond? He lines up for the serve. It’s good. Watson forehand. Holmes pushing deep. Watson down the line. Holmes crosscourt. Watson and then the forehand from Holmes which Watson can’t quite stretch to, and Holmes pulls a point back.”
My other headcanon is that they then waited to have a second child only for the second one not to happen once they did start trying. Months turned into years while they kept trying and hoping, until finally Sherlock came alone, and then surprise when Eurus came along a year later, after all, why bother with birth control when you want another child and it took you five years to conceive the last one. I also like to think it was due to the premenopausal hormonal surge that women can have.
"And yet you still agreed to share rooms with me. Were you not concerned?"
"So you have known," I said. "All this time."
There was no question of me not taking the rooms. Even considering the secrets that I held, I felt them safe, if only in the immediate.
Sherlock jerked slightly, unable to completely suppress his surprise. He had braced himself for all manner of statements. That had not been one of them.  "Why- what- why would you say that?"
It was another three quarters of an hour before his partner finally made an appearance, carrying his own bags, Lestrade for once not trailing after him.
"Confused though I was, I recovered my wits sooner than the young lady. On approaching her openly, she appeared to be in quite the daze, but allowed me to walk her back to her usual accommodation. Unfortunately, she could tell me nothing about the gentleman in question, barely able in fact to recall there being a gentleman at all. Certainly, by the next day when I paid her a call, she could remember nothing of the previous night.
He closed his eyes.
"You took a lonely, insecure, teenage virgin and you tempted him with everything he so desperately wanted. You even let me think you were suicidal. As if bullets could do anything to you.
"Yes," Sherlock acknowledged. "But this isn't for me, is it?" he said. "This is for
The LPs told him something similar. They were all recorded between 1976 and the present. The board games had been published likewise. All newer than 1976, and all initially unopened, because there had been no one to play with.
"Memorable?"
"Systematic desensitisation relies on the identification of an anxiety inducing stimulus hierarchy," Sherlock said as the music once more slowed with the next track.
Considering the question, he looked ahead and gave a short nod.
Effectively dismissed, John had pressed another quick kiss against the up turned lips and then fully pulled away. “I’ll see you afterwards,” he’d said.
For men such as myself, this did little to change our inclinations and practices, other than the need to conduct them in greater secret. For others though, it instilled in them a sense of great shame, the belief of moral failing, and the internalisation of loathing for something that was not of their choosing.
The pistol felt heavy in his hand as he made his way to the stairs. Part of him was conscious that he had left the desk a mess, but that was no longer his problem.
He was in the cottage, downstairs. He was still clutching the violin. The doctor had abandoned his most recent ridiculous book and was now beside him, near but not encroaching, and certainly not touching. Talking to him. Talking. There were words. He was saying words.
The restaurant was not quite what he had been expecting. Hidden away, it was classy in an understated way and had all the air of being a family run business. On entering, they were greeted by a black-tie waiter who responded swiftly and confidently to Sherlock’s French. Without pause they were led to a quiet, out of the way table, their chairs pulled out and a warm greeting offered still in French. While the words passed him by, John did manage to get the gist of it, or at least what he presumed to be the gist of it.
There was no television, no VCR, no CD player or tape deck. There was a record player and a much newer small black radio, but no other electrical or entertainment devices. Most significantly, there was no telephone.
Okay, so far, so Sherlock.
"He got worse," Sherlock said. "He was always chubby, always eating, but then he piled on the pounds, especially after uni. Mummy blamed Uncle Rudy."
“Where am I?”
More often though, he had woken up alone on his birthday, and too many of those times, especially more recently, he had also woken up hung over, depressed and very much no longer in the US Open, or whatever Challenger Cup he had gone on to after being ungainly deposited from the Open in the first round.
He confirmed he did, and after only a brief moment of searching, was able to pass it to me.
"W-why?"
He stared as the doctor sat forward, tongue reaching out to press against the lower lip. "I've shocked you." The head tilted a little to the left. "Is it what I said?" Tongue now swiping across the upper lip. "Or was it how I said it?"
“Smart casual is fine,” Sherlock said.
The Jeep was parked a farther distance away, obscured by trees and the angle of the rocks. It was no wonder that Sherlock had missed it during his initial ascent. It was also at the edge of what looked like a gravel road, not too dissimilar to the one the cottage was on.
"Why did you stop?"
As it was, the journey continued in a comfortable silence, slower now than going as the lack of sunlight and any streetlights made the journey more hazardous.
“Watson serves. Holmes forehand. Backhand from Watson. Holmes, but it hits the net, and suddenly Watson gets another reprieve.”
"Yes."
A wave of panic sent him scrambling from the sofa to the stairs. Had the doctor taken the opportunity to retrieve the pistol from his hiding place? Was that why the doctor had put him to sleep on the sofa rather than insisting he go back to his own bed? The cottage was too silent and still, was it already too late?
“Underestimated, no,” Sherlock said slowly. “Overestimated my ability to compartmentalise in regards to… sentiment, perhaps. Fortunately, I had my gorgeous, generous boyfriend there on hand to remind me.”
"Go on then."
The doctor penetrating him. Entering him. Moving into him.
That was all that Sherlock needed and by the time their drinks and then the first dishes were being served he was fully into his stride in regards to the history of the restaurant, the family who owned it, where they had come from in France and the significance of some of the dishes.
"Don't look at me like that," the doctor said, joining him on the sofa. "It’s not my fault you're too tall. Now, a kiss you said."
An abductor asking for a chance?
The doctor sat back, a thoughtful look on his face. "You don't know many gay men, do you?"
“Yes,” Sherlock replied pulling away to sit up and then stand up. “But not today. Today is for your birthday.” He reached down to pull John to his feet. “And I’ve found just the place and the table is booked for just over the hour, so you should probably go and change. Car will be here soon.”
A few more metres and it suddenly became apparent why the doctor had brought him there and by that route. Before him lay the ruins of a stone structure, thousands of years in age, and yet somehow obvious in its feel and function, as behind it, stretched out in panoramic beauty, lay the loch and all it touched.
Sherlock gave a short nod.
"You stopped," he said, his voice hoarse to his own ears.
That was... good. Being able to share with the doctor something he hadn't had with his previous lover, that was good.
Sherlock dreamed.
Since leaving the restaurant they had remained reasonably quiet. Comfortable in the silence there was no need for either of them to fill it unnecessarily, so they hadn’t. Until now.
Incidentally, my headcanon is that Mr and Mrs Holmes were a little bohemian when they were younger, and yes, married when she fell pregnant with Mycroft – although they had planned to marry anyway. And if you use Benedict’s age as Sherlock’s, it means it’s more than possible to have Mycroft conceived in ‘the summer of ‘69’.
“Of course,” John said, mainly for the sake of saying something.
I hope you enjoy this part, with the returns of Clara, Irene and, of course, Moriarty!
"Oh, and in case it helps, I could have done anything to you while you were unconscious, but I didn't because that's not who I am. I'm a lot of things, some of them a bit not good, but I'm not
"So what did you do?" I asked, caught up as I was in his tale and eager to know its conclusion.
"He adored you," he said absently as a plate of sandwiches was placed beside him on the floor.
“What was so important in your notebook that you sent me all the way over here?” he asked.
Far more informed than he had been a week ago, he could now picture just how the room once might have been; with the two missing paintings on the wall, notebooks and pens scattered across the bedside table, a terrible jumper thrown over the back of the chair.
Where the sun shines bright on Loch Lomond,
He hadn't really thought anything of it at the time, too caught up in all the other things he had been bombarded with. But he had automatically absorbed the information, filing it away for later.
Dry and squeaky clean, he slung the new towel around his hips and exited the bathroom.
Was it?
The signature was indecipherable, but one I knew well enough to recognise. The gentleman in question was well known to me and to my previous Sherlock. It was to this individual that my previous Sherlock had once aided at considerable risk to himself, although this was not something my current Sherlock would at that time recall.
Fortunately for him, that wasn’t outside the realm of possibility, which is why he now found himself in the player’s lounge, with a cold drink, a comfortable armchair and a good view of the match being played in the Arthur Ashe Stadium.
With my new qualifications and a new identity in place, I set out once more, this time for India, and then spent a good few years travelling the Near East, until a near death incident at the hands of my own kind in Afghanistan had me heading once again for more familiar shores.
“Please. Just. Just give me a moment,” John said.
Sherlock’s lips thinned, fingers lowering to his chin but remained steepled. “There’s little to say. Your shoulder is temperamental and tends to cause you physical discomfort. Your unconscious movements in the last hour alone show your muscles to be overly tense with an above average amount of soreness. While this not an unusual occurrence considering our profession and this tournament, the increase in your discomfort is beyond that which I deem acceptable and will only increase after tomorrow’s practice. As you have previously responded well to physical manipulation it follows that you would benefit greatly from one at this stage of the competition.”
“So go on then,” he said, “you going to tell me what you told them, or should I wait to catch it as part of the highlights?”
"I would never hurt you," the doctor said quietly into the sudden stillness.
"You still with me?"
The doctor tipped his head. "Of course," he said. "Bit pointless otherwise."
They stayed in silence as the doctor drove. The clock ticked round to eleven. Four hours left.
“Here.” Sherlock handed it over with only mild amount of flourish. “Lestrade insisted it was traditional to give at least one wrapped gift.”
Shouldering his bag, he started towards it, scrambling up parts, slipping in others, gathering brush wood in his hands until finally, just as the sun was completing its final descent, he reached the top.
He groaned, dropping his head, because Sherlock had to know what speaking French did to him. This whole situation was perfection for him; a satisfied, pliant lover, warm and accepting of his thrusts, urging him on but not rushing, flexible, open, willing-
It took him lunch and an extended violin session before he could say the words.
“You didn’t know it was there,” John said as it finally dawned on him.
Shrugging, he returned to the bathroom and stripped for his shower. Sherlock obviously had something planned and from experience he figured it best to just go along with it. From experience he also knew that it was most likely going to be worth it.
"Anyone told you that patience is a virtue?"
"Of course I blame myself!" John snapped. "We both know you would still be alive if it wasn't for me."
“Well then, I guess we just have to make sure he doesn’t win. I’m not going to let him play with our heads. I’m not going to let him worm his way in. But you have to talk to me. Swear that you will, whatever he says to you, whatever he tries, you’ll talk to me. You won’t just bottle it up in that big brain of yours.”
It was not unpleasant.
Carefully easing out the soft cloth, he used it to carefully wipe over the strings, pleased to see it come away free from dust and rosin residue. Whoever had prepared the instrument for storage had done an excellent job.
Balling his hand into a fist, John shoved it against his mouth as he fought the instinct to thrust upwards. An instinct Sherlock really. was. not. helping. with.
Sherlock made an agreeing noise as he flicked through the pages.
He breathed out. “Okay. Okay.”
“Hi,” he said, his smile languid to the point of soppiness.
Fine then.
"Perplexed still further, I returned to my lodgings to ponder my next move. I was now certain that I had correctly identified the culprit of the crimes, but as to the nature of the gentleman, I was struggling to comprehend. It was then, in an unusual move, that I turned to fiction as well as fact, and eventually, and rather reluctantly, concluded that there may well be more things in heaven and on earth than had been dreamt of in my philosophy.
“Personalised text alert,” he said.
"In that case, properly means I'm going to touch you." The doctor's gaze held steady with his. "Nothing... inappropriate. The only skin to skin will be my hands," he held them up, flexing the fingers, "to your face and head. Except for our mouths, of course," he amended. "Anything you don't like, tell me. The rest, just trust me, and relax."
Of course the locked door could be hiding the doctor's torture room of horror, but given the current evidence that was hardly likely.
“You’re doing this on purpose, right?”  He dragged his eyes up to where Sherlock was watching him with an overly amused expression. “You’re trying to distract me from your bullshit by seducing me?”
Perfect.
"Sure," the doctor said. "I'll go in after you then, and after I'll join you upstairs. If that's alright with you?"
"Why," he said with a wry smile, "I decided to engage the most powerful weapon at my disposal."
His mental image of a Harry, he realised, had been based upon himself. In his own words, the doctor had said he had a type, and yet the man who looked back at him from the fading scene was nothing as he had presumed. For one, it had never crossed his mind that Harry would be the older one of the pair. But the photographic evidence was clear; there was the doctor, perhaps ten years younger than he was now, arm slung casually around a man with greying brown hair the wrong side of forty.
He rolled over.
"Good."
So there was to be no further conversation, no discussion, it was over and he had been dismissed. He shifted awkwardly for a moment, trapped in indecision. There was more he felt he should say, yet he had said so much already and reassuring platitudes were far from his expertise.
, with a variable degree of success, including what appeared to be the solution for at least one problem Sherlock thought was still only partially resolved.
He made the cup of tea more out of habit than anything else. He had no need for normal food or drink, but the routine was comforting. As was the fire that he re-laid and lit. External cold was a thing long past for him, and no amount of external physical heat could banish the chill within him. There was something alluring about the flames though, something to watch.
Bastard.
"But he had me."
The finger stroked gently at his cheek, drawing them nearer.
He smiled before typing out the reply. Maybe this wouldn’t be all bad then.
“Hey, you okay?”
“This probably wasn’t the birthday Watson was hoping for.”
, and if the doctor wasn't going to actively move things forward in a timely manner, then it would be up to him to do so.
Well, he thought with a hidden sigh as the singing started, it was certainly catchy and they were in Scotland after all.
Did he? Had he? Sherlock frowned. Yes, he had known that, or at least had filed it away as a strong possibility, before it got buried under a lot of other new information. But it had never been fully confirmed in his mind. Why? Where had the deduction first come from? The poetry books? Some of them had been in Scots Gaelic, but that as evidence spoken little about oral ability. The doctor had never spoken Scottish Gaelic to him.
So many men, so many lives, but all of them
So he
(See the end of the chapter for
"You knew about my intelligence, my abilities."
As with all things, neither the weather nor the mood were to last, and by the time the second half of September was upon us, Holmes had once again sunk into the type of melancholy I would become very well acquainted with.
".450 Adams?" he asked, raising an eyebrow.
Bloody git.
~ 2 ~
Sherlock Holmes was definitely an arse. A self-satisfied, cocky, smart-arsed wanker of the highest degree.
“Zhi Zhu with the serve. Watson forehand, Zhi Zhu forehand, Watson backhand, Zhi Zhu with the slice, Watson reaches it, and oh, he’s buried it in the far hand corner, out of Zhi Zhu’s reach and there’s the break.”
"And you want the violin?"
Rising to his feet, Sherlock went to where the kitchen started.
was his first thought.
Given the permission, Sherlock’s movements were almost cat like as he closed the gap between them, but he stopped before they could touch. Snaking his arm round, he found the knot that held the towel up and undid it with one hand, letting the towel simply fall to the floor. Then tilting his head, he moved closer still until they were merely inches apart. “Get on the bed,” he said. Then he was gone again, moving away, toying with the bottles in his other hand.
"When you're done here, come back in and we'll talk. Just talk. Alright?"
A day earlier he had been planning his escape even at the expense of his text books and spare clothing. Today, with a means of escape easily within reach, he was hesitating.
Candles flickered in the dimed light of the bedroom, and, perched on the edge of the bed in his blue silk robe, Sherlock was waiting for him. It was a sight of utter beauty. His curls lay flatter, damp from a shower he must have taken, his face smooth from a new shave, which only made him seem younger somehow, and when he looked up, his expression was one of such raw vulnerability that it seemed to take John’s breath away.
And back to square one.
," he said, rising to his feet.
Sense returning, John quickly closed the video and went back to his blog. There had to be a way to delete the comment.
“Alright,” he said. “Obviously they brought up the fact we’re going to be facing each other in the next round.”
Where in purple hue, the hieland hills we view,
“Zhi Zhu serves, but it hits the net and rolls back. The ball girl darts across to retrieve it and Zhi Zhu lines up to serve again. It’s good. Watson backhand, Zhi Zhu forehand, Watson forehand, Zhi Zhu, and Watson with a forehand slice, Zhi Zhu gets to it but it’s an easy overhead put away for Watson.”
His bag had been packed with military-like neatness and it wasn't hard to pull out a new shirt and pair of slacks. There were socks and pants also in the bag, and he tried not think about the doctor going through his underwear drawer or what he might have done to his sock index. He added a jumper to his new, dry clothing and felt himself warm further.
Oh god, he was dating a mad man.
"Okay," the doctor said after a moment. "Well sunset will be around four. We normally get a couple of hours of twilight, but with the rain coming in this evening I'd say there's a good chance it'll be pretty dark by five, five thirty. So, how about, if you're not back here by three then I'll come and find you and make sure you're okay."
There was no initial verbal response, just a measured look and then a slow nod.
This I did, travelling the continent to reacquaint myself with old consociates, apprising myself of any developments I may have missed in my absence.
Then a finger joined the tongue and somehow it all got better still. The first touch to his prostate had him bucking forward, almost losing his balance. Stimulated blood flow to his prostate indeed. The foot massage must have really done the job. He had never seemed so sensitive before. It was god damn marvellous.
Liked playing games with him. Liked talking to him. Liked being with him.
"Which is perhaps why I liked it," Harry said. "There is a time for everything."
In 1999, two thousand and thirty-five years later, Thomas Hales at the University of Michigan finally produced mathematical proof that Marcus Terentius Varro was in fact correct. I like to think it was the problem that Harry always went back to.
“Well,” Sherlock said, glancing down at their joined hands, “did you know that four of New York City’s square parks were once cemeteries?”
“This is what you do, isn’t it?” he said with a small smile. “Offer advice to couples? You ever thought of getting your own chat show?”
Hi everyone. Wow, you've all been so lovely and generous. I had no idea how this story would be received after so long, but I've been feeling so loved! So big thank you!
"And some of the sheet music," Sherlock confirmed, "but ultimately yes, the violin. You want me to have sex with you. You've been rather clear on that point. Since you rather illegally kidnapped and abducted me to that end, it seems only fair that I get something in return."
"Sherlock-"
A shiver ran through him at the memory of the words. His fingertips scratched aimlessly at his neck, the steady beat of his pulse drawing his attention. His external carotid artery. The conductor of oxygen rich blood to the brain. The carrier of life and the exact place he had been bitten.
You saw my pain, washed out in the rain
“Shhh,” Sherlock said, capturing his lips once more. “I’m trying to seduce you. Stop making it harder.”
Wrenching open the door, he ignored the closed door opposite and headed down the wooden stairs with a heavy foot.
Half hidden photographs poked out from between miscellaneous items.
Certain I was not to be rejected, I granted him the kiss which he returned quite eagerly, putting to good use all the lessons he had learned in the past few weeks.
He would keep it safe.
"May I?" the man asked before motioning for his arm.
He watched as the lines crinkled beneath the doctor's eyes.
“And?” John asked, depositing his bags in the spare bedroom before wandering back out again. From the food and cutlery remains on the worktops that made up the kitchen, it looked as it Sherlock had got peckish enough to for a smoothie and a light meal. A late lunch, well very late lunch, or a sort of tea. Of course Sherlock hadn’t actually got as far as clearing up completely. He’d probably been distracted.
could be used to render a person unconscious long enough for them to be more securely incapacitated. The roll of duct tape under the sink could certainly be used to bind even the strongest of people to a kitchen chair. A GP in an oversized jumper shouldn't pose too much of a problem.
"Relax."
The doctor shrugged. "Whatever you would like."
The suggestions were oddly caring and the lack of suspicion was almost unsettling.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes. "What would you prefer?"
It was strange moment; one part of him wanted to jump up and run away, retreat from this, this place; another part wanted to stay there forever, held, cherished, warm and content, lounging in the pleasant afterglow that was dopamine, serotonin, oxytocin and endorphins; a small part even wanted to do it all again.
He should be happy about that.
“As you wish.”
Probably, Sherlock conceded, yet he did not move.
"You've had some training," he remarked as he joined the doctor in the kitchen. "Dance wise."
The camera work was amateur, shaky and moved in and out of focus, but it did little to soften the devastation on Sherlock’s face as he sat frozen, eyes directed to the red clay below his feet, but clearly seeing nothing. Around him the noise was completely out of sync with his image, the sound of cheering, of clapping making the naked pain on his face even more obvious.
“We’ve got this postcard, what about that? And all that stuff at Wimbledon?”
Now in bed, waiting for sleep, he turned over everything he knew and everything he thought he knew.
, the message finished.
Slow and unhurried, the kiss felt almost sweet, Sherlock almost tentative in his ministrations, body shifting, softening into a closer embrace that left John with an armful of professional tennis player.
little life, and all those
He gave a small smile.
"That was Harry's room," the doctor said after a moment. "I don't often- that is, there's all sort of things in there now. There's no bed. We never needed a second bedroom."
The eyes raked over him thoughtfully.
"And if I try, but it still- if things don't- do I still get to keep the violin?"
“He certainly looks pleased.”
“No, stop!” he said sharply, cutting off whatever defensive apologetic rubbish Sherlock was about to come up with.
“‘Even with your prolific abilities, my dear fellows,’ I concluded easily, ‘you would be unable to identify and stop all three within the timeframe. Nor, do I believe you willing to take the risk. You see, gentlemen, I have no quarrel with you or your people. I only desire for a rouge individual, a danger to both our people, be stopped.’
“Git,” he said, heavy with affection. “Budge up then.”
Stamford's last words to me, as we departed that first day, was that he would wager Holmes knew more about me than I did him. Confoundedly, Holmes had been spot on about me having lately returned from Afghanistan, although how he had known that I could not then fathom. I had not been completely surprised though. Every Sherlock I have known has possessed a keen intellect and well developed mind. I had been merely delighted that this Sherlock was obviously no different. I had no understanding at the point, however, of how much danger I had perhaps put myself in.
"Aren't there," he waved vaguely with his hand, "laws about shops on a Sunday?"
"You okay?"
Signs of habitation grew; further signs, buildings, the odd vehicle. Then they reached the town.
Sherlock closed his mouth. There was something rather rewarding about that. Then he gave a short nod.
He had considered that – he had, he
“Because, John Watson,” Sherlock had said clambering to his feet and planting his hands on John’s shoulders, “you made a promise that you would at least make it to the quarter finals, and you’re not a man to renege on his promises.”
So give me hope in the darkness that I will see the light
"It wasn't your fault, John." The arms tightened further around him. "The person behind it, the person who ordered it, did you find them?"
"I could ask you the same thing, doctor," he said back equally quietly. Without breaking eye contact, he slowly raised the Victorian pistol.
There was another long pause, the doctor's chest rising and falling as he sucked in deep breathes between the hysteria that had gripped him.
And if he had to have sex to secure the instrument, then so be it. That was the price, he had concluded, that he was willing to pay. At least the sex would then be on his terms, and his body was only transport anyway.
Sherlock had rolled his eyes. “Experience, John,” he said. “You’re a solid all-rounder with the experience to recognise an opening and the capability to take it. Keep him guessing, keep him jumping, and then go for the kill. Short, sharp, brutal. Let him do the hard work, you just finish him off. Don’t play the game he wants you to. Don’t string it out. Go for the point and he won’t be able to respond. Trust me.”
For a moment, the doctor looked like he might make light of the situation, but then he answered without question or hesitation.
As for John’s birthday being their quarter final day, absolute coincidence. Back in the day I wrote a fake Wikipedia page for both Sherlock and John. Needing a date of birth, I ended up giving John Martin Freeman’s birthday date – 8th September. It just so happened that in 2010, the 8th September was quarter final day. So there it was.
On the bonnie, bonnie banks o’ Loch Lomond.
“Mmm, want you.”
There would have to be touching. A lot of touching, actually. Skin against skin. And kissing. The doctor would most likely want to kiss him. The whole point of this was to mimic a real and loving relationship, right, if only for one night. Which meant there would be kissing. Because that was what couples did. That was expected. Also, the doctor seemed to have a bit of an oral thing going on, what with the frequency he licked his lips or moved his tongue.
"Aye," the doctor said.
“He seemed to have you for a moment in that first set.”
John smirked, pressing his teeth briefly against the soft skin stretching over Sherlock’s hip bone. He’d been able to deduce that for himself, actually. If nothing else, the evidence had been nudging his chin for a while. For someone who didn’t like stating the obvious, sex, or the advent of it, could reduce Sherlock’s mind to the level of a mere mortal. It was gratifying to John that he was the cause of such a reaction.
Sherlock blinked to find that they had stopped moving, although they were still in the closed dance position. Their hands still grasped, he could feel the doctor's thumb gently stroking his, his other hand immobile but supportive.
“See,” Sherlock said, flipping his mobile over before slipping it into his pocket, “no need for me to tell you when you already know the answer.”
Cool fingers running through his hair. Impossibly strong arms holding him.
After that there was no more movement, other than the swaying of their bodies. It was nice, but now he was over the initial surprise, Sherlock found himself impatient for more and the doctor wasn't- oh.
had become too much.
And in sunshine the waters are sleeping.
Heavy of limb and with great reluctance, Sherlock allowed himself to be brought to his feet, but it was with surprise that he found himself guided to the sofa and not to the stairs.
It was suddenly very real.
"Let's go out," he said with a false brightness that the doctor could not have missed.
The doctor was funny. He was quick-witted and sharp tongued. He found humour in things other people would typically find too bleak or dark. Death did not disturb him, nor did talk of experiments on body parts. He was knowledgeable about a number of things, and although was not of exceptional intelligence, he was willing to listen to and encourage it in others.
“Naturally. You seem to share my affection for the place.”
Sherlock’s expression flickered with uncertainty. “Match socks,” he said.
“Why wouldn’t I be? You put time, thought, and effort into this. You’ve given me a day to remember. Of course I’m impressed.”
"What about you?" he asked. "What about your family? Brothers? Sisters?"
Dubhloch? Black water? Dark water? Named in relation to the loch, obviously, but had it been important? A stronghold? A clan base? Who had lived there? Why was it so forgotten?
The both made a point of looking, Sherlock arching an eyebrow as if asking what he was expected to do with it.
“Fine,” Sherlock said, leaning back and reaching into his jacket pocket. “Happy Birthday.”
“So do I,” Clara confirmed, “and mine don’t include quizzing my other half over why he has female sex noises as his text alert.”
“It’s called the End of Year Championships, darling,” she said. “London, the O2, it’s going to be huge for you. Home territory, large crowd, your favourite city, the perfect opportunity to raise your profile even higher. Sponsors are falling over themselves. You’re going to be busy.”
Then the amusement dissolved into disapproval.
"Kay-ut meel-"
; a first edition (and also two later editions) of Gray's Anatomy; several publications by Stephen Hawkins.
"I need- I need you on your front," Sherlock managed.
Blinking at the rapid turn of events, the doctor automatically glanced to the window, which showed grey sky and a muted landscape, but at least it wasn't raining.
“Thanks,” he said, looking up to acknowledge the steward with a nod.
What he needed was something he could cover himself with but would be easy enough to remove. Something like... the tartan bathrobe.
The doctor shrugged. "That's alright then. What time were you planning on being back by?"
No, he
Warm and held and absolved of the weights that had burdened him for so long, John allowed himself to sink down, to finally give in. And for the first time in twenty years, he slept.
There was a flicker of a smile as Sherlock finally slipped under the sheets and reached over to switch off the light.
He was so lost in his thoughts and his playing that he failed to notice the time passing, or hear the door opening and the quiet entry of his companion who stopped to watch him play.
"-you okay? Sherlock?"
“And how can you be so sure, oh great seer of mine?”
Sherlock acknowledged with another kiss before carefully slipping off, sprawling himself across the rest of the sofa, legs spread, lips curving up into a come-hither look.
Stupid. Stupid. Stupid.
“He seemed to think it would make me think less of him or something equally ridiculous,” he said.
Frowning he continued until the road reached a river, curving over it on an old stone bridge. Perfect he thought, holding up the compass. The river was running almost due south and it had to lead to somewhere, probably to a Loch of some sort, which could well mean tourist attraction, which equalled people. In contrast the road was shortly about to bend northwards so this was a good place for them to part ways.
He had known where this was going, of course he had known, but once again the doctor had managed to make something so significant into a simple statement and had delivered it with his deceptive mildness.
The doctor startled for a moment, eyes snapping towards him, but then he gradually relaxed, a small smile crossing his face.
Andy Murray was once jokingly asked which male tennis player would he date if he was gay. He responded Feliciano Lopez.
Zhi Zhu was a young Chinese player who through his life had apparently trained first for gymnastics, then badminton, until finally settling on tennis, a sport not previously well known in China, and certainly not as well-known as other sports. Although he had come to the sport relatively late and had only broken into the top two hundred at the age of twenty-three, Zhi Zhu had brought with him skills and agility picked up in his previous disciplines. Quick, supple, light, and surprisingly strong, he was starting to make a name for himself as he rapidly scrambled up the rankings. Currently ranked fifty-sixth in the world, he was tipped as one to watch, combining agility with precision that made him challenging to beat.
"At an impasse, I then returned to considering the other individuals I had identified as being members of the club. It took only another week to adequately confirm to my satisfaction that the other members too shared the Count’s abilities, although not his nightly habits.
The oil paintings, the bench, it had obviously been
“And I need him,” he said clearing his throat.
Smug, I’m-always-right git.
The noise was getting closer.
Fixing the doctor with an appraising look, he raised the instrument to his chin and tried to visualise the music. The moment the first few notes rang out it all came rushing back; the hours he had spent playing it, the confusion he had felt the first time he heard the haunting melody, the poignant five word question at the centre of the song.
In the end it was Sherlock who broke the silence. "You drugged me," he said.
"Sorry," the doctor said again. "I'm not... it's not you. Well, actually it is
Sherlock pulled on an old t-shirt. “Irene contrived to have me away from the table just so she could talk to you. I trust she did so for good reason.”
I have, however, always made a point of treating each man as a separate person, never presuming that just because one liked a particular subject or pastime that the next would also.
“And there’s the foundation of a successful relationship.”
"Then came the gay slurs. Gay. Queer. Fairy. Fag. Faggot. Poofter. Bummer. Bum bandit. Gay lord. Pillow biter. Cocksucker.
Sherlock slumped off the last step. "My brother," he clarified. "
Sex, obviously, but there were varieties, weren't there? Actively and willing, the doctor had said. So just lying there passively would probably not cut it. He would be expected to respond, to fake it if necessary.
Lying still, he stared up at the same ceiling he had awoken to a number of hours earlier. Decision made, word given, the hours that followed had been conducted with quiet restraint, the doctor leaving him alone other than showing him around the kitchen and then making food for them both. Sherlock had not bothered to hide his scrutiny of the doctor's cooking - trust was something that had to be earned and food was too easily poisoned - but the doctor had borne it with little more than a knowing glance and a rueful smile.
He rose to his feet and took a seat in the armchair closest to him. That left the empty armchair closet to Sherlock, or the sofa.
He supposed it was one of his little secrets. Dancing was really one of few social activities he indulged in, although never where anyone could recognise him. Music was one of the few things he could lose himself in. Add in a few drugs and for a few glorious hours he could lose himself completely.
He was startled when the mouth returned to his opening, tongue lapping at the softened muscle before finally drawing away. A shift on the mattress and then he felt it, the tip of the doctor's erection resting at his entrance.
The doctor's answering hum was half lost amongst the sounds of enjoyment.
He smiled as the words washed over him, a small part of his mind wondering what the hell he could have done right to now be in this situation.
The tone was light and amused without being mocking. Was this what teasing is? Was he being teased?
The doctor offered a small smile of encouragement before once again retreated out of the room.
"Then why am I here?" he asked.
“It’s certainly possible. This is the first time he’s made it into the second week of a Grand Slam, but I don’t think we should underestimate John Watson either. Watson’s having another great tournament, especially for a man who announced his retirement at Wimbledon. Yes, he went out in the second round at Cincinnati, but he had been playing back-to-back tournaments, with less than forty-eight hours between the doubles final at Toronto and the first round at Cincinnati, and that includes travel time was well. He’s not the youngest player out there either, in fact I believe he’s due to have another birthday soon.”
Safe sex, guys. Safe sex this most definitely was not. Sherlock is a little too naive and a little too trusting of John to remember that they really should be using a condom (Mummy would be disappointed). John, of course, has his own reasons for not using one. Also the lack of mention of lube was fully intentional.
"Question." Obviously. Sherlock cocked his head to one side. "Unless you'd prefer it as a form of address."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Douse the room upstairs of course," he continued. "Harry's room. That's where it has to be. Because that's where it matters. That's where it
He gripped at the sheets, breathing deeply as neither of them moved. It felt impossible. It felt filling. It felt right. Like he was supposed to do this. Like he had done this before.
Below that, the doctor had listed the activities they had agreed upon, made clear the activities they would not even attempt to partake in, and the clauses should they try but not succeed in a particular act. It was exactly as they had discussed, with the exception of the excluded list that contained things Sherlock had not even thought of - bondage, impact, sensory deprivation.
Moving.
He raised an eyebrow. “Should it?” he asked.
“Is that his ring tone?” Clara said, sounding far too excited about it. No doubt she was now imaging Sherlock to be some kind of sexual deviant, the type that went further than just sleeping with other men.
After an early morning trip to the bathroom, he had been meaning to return to the warmth of the bed, only to be distracted by the unknown still undiscovered in the second upstairs room. Sleep could wait, he had decided, and he was hardly getting less than he usually would, anyway.
The twenty-two thousand seater stands seemed to stretch up towards the sky, dwarfing everything on the blue and white court below. If there was ever a time when John felt tiny it was when faced with the enormity of knowing that so many people were going to be looking down on him, watching his every move.
Sherlock didn't respond.
"You can't know that," John whispered. "Even if this works, even if he is who we both think he is, I took away his choice, and I did it because I'm weak and selfish and-"
He gave a small nod.
Music - "Love Really Hurts Without You" by Billy Ocean. The other song lyrics mentioned is Billy's "Stop Me (If You've Heard It Before)" . The album is the 1976 released “Billy Ocean”.
"Fine. If you're going to be such an idiot about it, drink."
They left for the club separately, Sherlock first, with Lestrade, John following twenty minutes later in a second car. The journey was relatively straightforward and gave him plenty of time to think. If he won the toss would he prefer to serve first or second? Against an opponent like Sherlock both had their positives and negatives.
“No designer shirts to be thrust in my direction that I should know about?”
Dinner was going well and was certainly far more relaxed than their first meeting. Maybe it had something to do with the more informal setting, the lack of Hollywood glitz and glamour, of not being as overawed by who Irene was and what she stood for. Or maybe it was more to do with them. No uncomfortable clothing, no trying to impress, no uncertainty regarding the nature of his and Sherlock’s relationship. It was good, better than good, and somehow dressed in jeans with her hair less elaborately styled Irene was entirely more approachable. This was obviously the Irene that Sherlock knew, the Irene he talked about.
The valley stretched in two directions; south south-westerly broad and green, round the curve of the line of hills; and south south-easterly, lost from view by the hills on his left.
Broken glass, saw the blood run from my veins
"What if I don't want-" He shook his head, unwilling to finish that thought. "You can't honestly think you're going to get away with this?"
"Know what? That it was written by some distant relative of yours? How could I? I'd pretty much forgotten we even had it. I take it you know of it then? Have a copy yourself?"
It had been there, at the edge of his consciousness without ever forming enough to produce a corporal image. It had been something Adair had said in the end. A throwaway comment, nothing more.
Turning his face away, Sherlock gave a nod and strove for the distraction of a kiss as he felt the material being parted. He knew what he was, what the doctor would find. Pale and skinny and not nearly as well defined and-
Question one, was the doctor likely to let him go in seven days’ time?
The doctor obviously expected one of two outcomes, but Sherlock was a little fed up with always trying to catch up. Clearly his opponent was a better player than he had originally given him credit for, but there were two players in this game and it was about time he got off the back foot.
Notes:
He huffed with the realisation that he was not only expected to go and fetch it, but that it had never even crossed Sherlock’s mind that he wouldn’t.
“Okay, yeah, sorry,” John continued with a small smile and shake of his head. “Stupid question. Of course they asked.”
"Sherlock,
Then he was moving away again, humming and still sort of dancing as he put away the recently used mugs.
. Drop a match and watch it catch. All those notebooks, those canvases, the old clothing in the wardrobe. Watch as the memories are consumed by the racing yellow lines of destruction."
The odd scribble, correction or addition did match the copious lines of mathematical equations in various notebooks, but the original writings were in a different hand. Or, in fact, in two different hands if the even older manuscripts were to go by, and in this case, old was indeed old. Late nineteen and early twentieth centuries for the 'newer' manuscripts. Early to mid-nineteenth century for the 'earliest'.
"And are they dead?"
"And," a slanted smile, and a flickered gaze towards Sherlock's lap, "it seems you'd like that too."
Returning to his seat, John grabbed his towel and then his drink. Eleven thirty in the morning and he was already sweating like hell. He just hoped it wouldn’t get too much hotter. Playing in forty degree heat was never pleasant. Playing someone like Zhi Zhu – who was younger, fitter and lighter than him – in forty degree heat would be a nightmare. Even now, all he could do was hope that by forcing his opponent to do more of the running it would mean Zhi Zhu would tire first, but there were no guarantees there.
“He’s certainly the more experienced of the two players with tie-breaks. There were several memorable ones during Wimbledon and he held his nerve well. He’ll also go into this knowing that so far he’s taken more points off Zhi Zhu’s serve than Zhi Zhu has taken off his. Do we have the stats for that?”
"Not a mind reader then?" he said. "Pity."
"Thought I'd heard you moving," the man said in a pleasant tone, offering a warm smile as he moved to rest the tray on the side table. "How are you feeling? Any dizziness, nausea? That's quite normal by the way."
"Yes," the doctor said, eyes never wavering, "I very much want to suck your cock."
"No."
He would worry about feeling sore later but right now it felt too bloody good, except there was no way he was going to be able to get a hand to himself.
you’re still over rotating your wrist on your backhand slice. Also you should attack the net more on your second serve, and try not to get caught so much on the backhand. You don’t go on the offensive enough. We should work on that. Other than that, adequate I suppose.”
Come on!
"You're studying Chemistry at Kings, and as young as you were, your deductions were the talk of the village even when I was there."
And he had been thinking that maybe, just maybe, Sherlock had been right.
Of course he was going back.
“Good.”
The edge of Sherlock’s lips tipped upwards. “Thank you, but yes. Your concern is however noted. Incidentally, I see you have new socks. How are they working out for you?”
Right. John scratched the side of his face. “Yeah, they said so after the game, didn’t they?”
Alright, he had expected Zhi Zhu to come back at him, but that had been close. Tough and close.
"My brother tells me that one of the popular pastimes in Hong Kong is the consumption of tea while playing Mahjong."
What about oral stimulation then?
"A few," the doctor replied absently.
little love story, with your
Sherlock raised an eyebrow but did so.
John laughed. “Well, I’m still greatly impressed.”
That was hardly the reaction Sherlock had been expecting. He paused for a moment, carefully scrutinising the other man. Nothing suggested anything other than complete honesty.
“You’re not angry with me?”
The doctor was utterly perplexing, especially as he appeared completely sincere about it. He had tried to escape and now he was being treated to steak?
By mutual consent, we took the change in our relationship slowly. Far more reserved that previous incarnations I had known, Holmes was not someone easy with physical touch or romantic expression, and more than anything I did not wish to startle him with too much, too fast. Where in other lives we might have reached for a bed with little hesitation, that outcome would have to be carefully built towards this time.
Sherlock’s lips twitched. “That might be because he’s French.”
Tomorrow, he decided, he would observe and deduce.
A stack of newer books lay on the shelf obviously ready to be added to the gothic section.
“Now that’s the Watson I remember seeing at Wimbledon. Remember some of those almost impossible shots he pulled off against Moriarty? The third and fourth sets in particular.”
The doctor had bitten him and now nothing made sense.
"You speak Gaelic."
"I am quite amenable," I said, with a shake of my head. "On both those points. But permit me just a further moment of disbelief. It is hard for me to accept that you have known what I am for all this time. In all my years, this is not something that has happened before."
“Zhi Zhu is not going down without some kind of a fight, but Watson still has the double break.”
Mycroft, however, would have been mortified when they tried to talk to him about sex and relationships.
“Watson’s being careful, taking his time, setting up the shots. He’s not doing anything particularly fancy, but he’s switching things around a bit, keeping Zhi Zhu moving and then going for the point shot. It’s working so far.”
"So let go of that guilt, John Watson. Let go of the grief and the pain and the fear. If you need me to forgive you, then I will, I do. I forgive you for not being able to save me in my last life, and I forgive you for not giving me the choice in this life. But close your eyes and rest now, my love,
“Hmmm,” John said, “and speaking of winning, you owe me dinner, remember.”
Just another game.
O ye’ll tak’ the high road and I’ll tak’ the low road,
"No."
The jagged cuts down each wrist had been expertly done. Deep enough to bleed out, light enough for it to be slow. A parody of a feasting bite.
He narrowed his eyes. "How? How did you know?"
The sofa wasn't bad, more comfortable than the chair, warmer than the bed. The blanket draped over him was warm and soft with a smell that was almost familiar. It was nice.
"Uncle Rudy then," he said.
rather than the
The doctor let out a deep breath. "Good. Now, why don't you...."
Mindful of the fact they were due to be playing each other, Greg had organised for them to first practice together and then to train apart. Ever organised, Greg had also arranged for a junior to act as his training partner and had been given a British youngster called Oliver, who, at 16, already towered over John and managed to make him feel even older than usual.
“Our homes,” Sherlock corrected. “I’m also instructing my solicitor to draw up the paperwork to add your name to the deed of Baker Street. Unfortunately, that has not been completed yet, but should be shortly.
"You said something..." he said slowly, "back at the start, when you opened the curtains."
"Because of the drugs." Obviously.
“Is that right?” John said, pressing upwards to capture his partner’s lips again. “I was hoping you’d say that.”
“You, of course, told them that it’s all positively heart breaking, that I’m the last person you want to face on a court, that it’s going to be difficult because obviously I know every weakness in your game, that you’re going to have at least one sleepless night worrying how the outcome could damage our rather spectacular and successful doubles partnership, and how you wish this had never happened, but since it has, you’re going to suck it up and try not to get distracted on the court by my rather fabulous forehand.”
"Your body temperature is several degrees centigrade beneath that of the average man, yet you are neither bothered by extreme heat nor cold, to the point where you never perspire nor have I witnessed you to raise goose bumps or to shiver.
“True,” John said with a small smile.  “But why would you think I might be angry that you’ve done this?” he asked.
"You would-" he started, but was suddenly at a loss of how to put it. He knew the words, but they just seemed unnecessarily crude. "You want to-" he made a vague waving motion that he hoped conveyed his meeting.
“I won’t deny the thought had passed my mind,” Sherlock said. “Knowing where you are at all times is of course an added bonus. Of course, I do still have one advantage.”
“Good play from Holmes there.”
No, of course not, because this was the sort of thing Sherlock would have hidden from him in a misjudged, misguided, misplaced sense of martyrdom. Which suggested that…. He groaned. It had been too good to be true. Of course it had. A week in New York, at an Open no less, and not a peep out of Jim Moriarty.
So many of the doctor.
Until now.
The rest of the journey back to the hotel was uneventful, full of small talk and comfortable silences, and it wasn’t long before they were being dropped off outside. Confirming that he really didn’t need any help with his bags, they parted company, Greg free to do whatever it was he spent his time doing when he wasn’t running around after Sherlock, and John to hunt down his partner and claim his reward for the hard fought victory.
Improbable, not impossible.
More Author’s Notes:
He gasped the name as everything suddenly shattered. His back arching, his groin rose as his fingers grappling at the body around him, and then there was nothing.
He somehow managed to get as far as the bridge.
Hell yes, but that was not exactly surprising. He had a hot, fit, gorgeous lover that he fancied the pants off – quite regularly actually – and was rather head-over-heels in love with. The sex was good, the cuddling was good, hell, the moments of quiet and calm were also good. It was all ridiculously good. Or at least most of it, and any part that wasn’t didn’t really matter, especially right at that moment.
“Holmes returns to the baseline for his next serve. Watson returns with a forehand, Holmes backhand crosscourt, Watson down the line and what a lovely return there from Watson as it clips the line and Holmes can only watch as it goes well beyond his reach.”
Fuck, yeah! He’d not only managed to break the world number three, but he’d even managed to win the set.
He rolled his eyes at the realisation. "I'm
Carefully, almost as if dealing with a spooked animal, the doctor reached up to push the keys through the slit in the window. They dropped with a clang.
"You're not coming with me?" he asked after a moment.
They had been quiet since returning to the hotel, Sherlock lost in thought while John had checked his emails and decided it was a good time to update his blog. At the question he looked up from where he had been pondering his latest blog entry, his fingers resting on the keyboard.
"It is elementary, my dear friend," I said with a small smile, while raising my other hand to gently brush against his angular face. This at least got the reaction I sought; namely his eyes once more meeting mine.
Arse. Wanker. Bloody know-it-all bastard.
“Watson serves. Holmes backhand return. Watson forehand, Holmes forehand, Watson crosscourt, Holmes cuts it short, Watson at the net, Holmes… and what a passing shot there from Holmes. Watson flings a racket towards it but there was nothing he could do. Holmes planned that to perfection and he takes the break here in the third set.”
? He gave a small nod.
“The crowd are cheering.”
The bastard, he thought, as he groaned into the sensation. The sneaky, underhand bastard had taken advantaged of his descended fangs and sliced his own tongue and lip on them, spilling the first drops of blood.
most crudely about their previous night's conquest and what their companion
There he froze, shocked at the sight he found. At
Stockholm Syndrome indeed.
The answering slight hum was a little disconcerting though, as was the small smile that suggested the doctor found the statement more amusing than startling.
There was another long pause, the doctor staring at the fire, his fingers tapping without rhythm.
“And an amazing match it was too,” Sherlock said in a low murmur, pressing his lips to the point on John’s neck that tended to short circuit everything – the bastard. “You were amazing. You were fantastic.”
"Who?" the doctor started to ask but then stopped, looked towards the ceiling as he sucked in a breath and then shook his head. "Sorry," he said after a moment, "I should have thought-". He stopped again for a moment, an odd, almost pained expression on his face. "Harry," he said finally, his voice quiet. "His name was Harry. Sorry. Excuse me." With that the doctor put down the books he was holding and walked across the room to the front door, then through it and outside, the door closing surprisingly softly behind him.
. This was my bible as a child. Mycroft was naturally better at it than me, but I read it nearly every night. When the fire started I wasn't allowed to go back for it. Too dangerous, or so they claimed. I'm told that for a while I was inconsolable."
"You don't have to do it." The doctor's voice was soft, but it was enough to snap him out of his indecisiveness.
“Good serve there from Watson, with everything on it. It looks like he’s not going to simply hand this game to Zhi Zhu.”
Had sex.
“It makes your shoulders looks wider and highlights the contours of your chest and arms.”
Next time it's birthday celebrations of all types.
What were his own weaknesses that Sherlock would try to exploit? His age and fitness probably, so short rallies would be the best for him, no chasing needlessly after hopeless balls. His shoulder, that was a weakness. He would have to try and pace himself throughout the match. No point throwing his arm out in the first set. His height? Would Sherlock try throwing in a few lobs knowing that John had neither the reach nor the arm motion of the majority of players?
“Don’t I get something first?” he asked, holding out a hand.
Fuck that.
(See the end of the chapter for
Damn, he’d walked into that one. He had to remember that Greg was far more devious than he appeared. Well, he had worked for Sherlock Holmes for more than five years so he would have to be.
"No. It's... difficult."
There was a pause and then Sherlock’s body stiffened and he pulled away, out of John’s arms and into a seated position. His eyes were narrow, his expression surprisingly hard as he turned to face John.
That wasn’t the person Sherlock needed him to be.
Shit.
The doctor chuckled. "Pretty old, yeah," he admitted.
There were other books waiting to be shelved as well.
It was some considerable time later that I returned, only to find Holmes in such a state he was barely recognisable from the man he had been when I had departed. Although he was now dressed and befitting company, he had about him a look of bedragglement and anguish, as if he had spent hours pacing and worrying his fingers through his hair.
The doctor blinked again. "Something in return." A wry smile slid onto his face. "You mean other than the chance to be sexually intimate with someone who would use all of their practical knowledge and experience to make it as easy, gentle and pleasurable as possible?"
Music: Loch Lomond - perhaps one the best known Scottish tunes (along with Auld Lang Syne). Various theories exist about the song, many of them linked to the Jacobite Uprising of 1745 and the Battle of Culloden in 1746. It is generally accepted to be about a pair of lovers parted by death.
"I've got you," he heard in reply, and then the arms were tightening around him as his head fell to rest against a broad shoulder.
He swore as he grappled for a pillow, anything to grip onto as Sherlock really got to work. The blow job might have been brilliant, but this was... exquisite.
“It’s all square here so far. Watson leads, but we’re still on serve and so far the two players have been going punch for punch, toe to toe.”
“So, go on then,” John said after their plates were cleared away.
Clara’s snort of laughter was more than enough to confirm she had heard exactly what Sherlock had said, so there was no point in asking her if she wanted it repeated.
There is a lot more behind this story, but I'm already running out of characters, so I can't explain everything here. I'm happy to take questions though, so let me know if you have any particular pressing questions and I’ll see if I can answer them.
"You want sex," Sherlock repeated. "With me," he added as if that hadn't been clear. "I want the violin."
As he walked he could almost see what might have been; outbuildings and stables, paths where burly men had once guided laden carts, over there a garden or vegetable patch. Then more when he reached the ruins themselves.
It had followed his defeat in the second round at Cincinnati. Tired, shoulder aching and feeling every minute of his age, he had gone down two sets to one and bowed out what he had thought had been reasonably gracefully. It had not, after all, been the first round and it wasn’t as if he’d had a rest between finishing at Toronto and walking out onto the court in Cincinnati. Sherlock, however, had seen it somewhat differently.
The ball flew back at him over the net. Forehand. Forehand. Backhand. Now in and volley. Yes!
The response was another brisk kiss that promised more than it delivered.
John pulled out a new racket and got to his feet. His shoulder was still twinging, reminding him that not everything was perfect, but it was nothing that he couldn’t play through. That was all part and parcel of the sport. If it doesn’t hurt you’re not doing it properly. And he was going to do this properly. Oh yes he was, and he was going to win, just as Sherlock had said he would.
Emboldened, he let his fingers fly over the strings, dancing up to the high notes, even double-stopping to create moments of harmony. For a moment everything seemed to coalesce into a warm perfection where even the unfamiliarity of the instrument melted away. It was just him and the music, as it has been from the first time that he had heard the song a few years earlier.
He hesitated but then gave a small nod. It was silly really, especially considering that he was wrapped in the dressing gown while the doctor only wore a thin layer of cotton. But while the air did feel warmer down here than in the bedroom, it was only marginal. Then again, he had never really tolerated the cold for as long as he could remember, often opting for a thick coat all the way into summer.
The doctor's laugh was counterproductive to what he had intended, but his words did get the doctor away from the crossword puzzle he had been frowning over.
things, and you have me wanting them, with you, and it's wrong. So wrong. And I hate you. I hate
He was met with further amusement.
“There’s a story behind this, right?” he said instead.
"Sherlock-"
"Forgetting he actually needed to tell me things for me to know something."
“Nothing,” Sherlock snapped back, rising to his feet and snatching up the postcard again, investigating it as if it held the answer to life the universe and everything. “I’ve seen him once. We didn’t speak, he just smiled. That’s all. He’s in the other half of the draw, we won’t see him.”
"My dear Watson, as much as I would wish to take this experience further, I fear Mrs Hudson will be looking to serve us supper within the half hour."
Pulling himself upright, John propped himself against the headboard but didn’t make an effort to move any further.
The only thing between them now was the thin fabric of his boxers, which did little to hide his arousal. The doctor made no attempt to hide his interest, gaze lowering to that very place, his tongue wetting his lips once and then again. There was something shockingly heady about being looked at in such a way, with such
“Oh for-”
“If I said I have organised for a professional masseur to see you tomorrow, would you be angry?”
“Good,” Greg said, “that’s what I told her.”
"Basic, but would get the job done. Isn't that right,
"His," the doctor said, the dice landing on a six. "It was something he wanted to do when he finally retired. The cottage in Sussex had hives. That was what probably gave him the idea, and when he got an idea like that in his head..." He offered a slight shrug before rolling another six. "Bees seemed to fascinate him. He kept talking about the way they were mathematically perfect. Something about the shape of the honeycomb. He was working on some sort of proof, but I don't know if he managed to finish it."
He pointed out the tables where cards had been played over the years, the burn marks from cigarettes and cigars, the darker stains that suggested bloodshed rather than alcohol.
Cracking his eyes open, John gave into the inevitable with a luxurious stretch into the space Sherlock had vacated only a few moments earlier. The sheets were still pleasantly warm, while his partner, a blue robe thrown over his t-shirt and pyjamas bottoms and now out of the bathroom, was still looking adorably ruffled and bedheaded. All in all there were worse sights to wake up to.
"Of course."
But the ghosts that we knew will flicker from view
“Three break points for Holmes in that game, but it is the Englishman who manages to cling in there.”
This whole part was going to end with him climaxing, so unzipping himself certainly made sense, and yet to Sherlock it seemed like a big step. It brought the inevitable that bit closer.
He was alone.
Both. Neither. He would say something but his mouth had gone completely dry.
They were nearly back now, the jeep having rounded the bend of the hill, turning down onto the road that would end back at the cottage. Although by circumventing the hill lines, the road was markedly longer in distance, it was considerably shorter in time.
"No," the doctor said. "No, not yet." His smile was almost apologetic. "Not as young as I used to be. Once will be all I'm really good for. But at your age, I'd consider myself a failure if I couldn't get you to climax two or three times before we're done."
"The individual in person was new to the city," he said. "An aristocrat of some small Eastern European country by his own claim, but a man of some considerable means. My own research yielded nothing on him, the title he claimed having lapsed some hundred and seventy years previous with a gentleman who curiously matched him in both description and name.
There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact.
Probably.
A hand clasping a mug. Part of a tilted head. A shy half smile.
It was gentle, some light pressure and small movements and with a start, Sherlock realised they were in fact kissing. It was... nice. The doctor's lips moved gently across his own, exploring, caressing, the light touch of the tongue every so often, and then it was over.
"Is that it?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"The violin?" the doctor shrugged, glancing up from his latest book, some rubbish on the pseudoscience of reincarnation. "Not that much. I know it's old. It was left to Harry. He hadn't played for years before that and I think it frustrated him that he had lost some of the skill. Why?"
"It's Billy. Always sing along to a little Billy."
He stopped their swaying as the thought hit him like a thunderbolt. Oh, of course.
“Don’t be slow,” Sherlock snapped. “You think I would have sent you in there had I known?”
Already? He gave a nod and grabbed his drink for one last swig. Time to go back out there and give it all he had. This time it was his turn to serve.
"Later."
Touché, John thought.
He moved onto the D-string and repeated the process until all four strings sang out their voice.
“You… you want to… have sex with me?”
“And you’re not asleep,” Sherlock responded. “Sleep now, introspection later.”
“What?” Sherlock asked as he stopped long enough to realise that John was just looking at him. “What? Have I done something?”
They had switched Connect Four for Backgammon, Rabin for the Beatles. They had talked a little about music, about strategy and luck, about chemistry and anatomy. There had been a lot of silence, but it had never felt invasive or uncomfortable.
He changed his shirt and grabbed a banana.
“Sherlock.”
I received the single folded page with interest. The handwriting was not immediately obvious, but the seal was the official one of the club. It was the same seal I had used myself over the years.
The game was very much on.
Of course it was considerably easier for Sherlock to say that than it was to actually do it. Sherlock wasn’t the one who was going to be on the receiving end of Zhi Zhu’s attacks. Then again, as annoying as it could be at times, Sherlock did tend to be right.
"Only sensible if I wanted to succeed."
Grabbing a towel, he scrubbed at his face, neck and hairline. Two sets in the bag and just one more to go. Sherlock had been right – of course Sherlock had been right, Sherlock was always right, the smug git – he was winning, he could win, and he was going to win.
He frowned for a moment, the question having caught him off guard. "I- yes," he said.
Ring on the right ring finger. Widower.
The smell of the book was different, but it was still a version of the one he had devoured as a child amongst the gravestones. The one he had found in that box in the attic.
“You’ve put a lot of thought into this. So, you’re the expert, what’s good?”
"No idea," Sherlock admitted with a slight shrug. "Born 1854. Died obviously before 1948. No children. Never married. A confirmed bachelor by all accounts. There was a letter from him in 1918 commiserating his nephew's loss. The address was London. A press cutting from 1895 makes reference to a Mr. Sherlock Holmes of Baker Street, London, who had aided Scotland Yard in the capture of a murderer, so likely to be the same person. Then there is this book."
That comment alone deserved a wisecrack and a grope, both of which had Sherlock groaning before slipping off his lap to divest himself of his t-shirt and jeans. Hands on hips, eyebrow raised, he somehow managed to make being aroused and stark naked look dignified.
, and then he was coming down, coming back, and he wanted to cry, but he couldn't, but it felt right, and it felt good, and he was feeling in the first place, and that in itself was alarming, because he didn't do
The game had changed.
Pulling on a pair of thick socks - unworn, still in their packaging - he kept his footsteps light as he crossed the room. One hand on the wood, he carefully eased back the bolt and opened the door.
Their lips met less than a minute later. It was somehow different this time. Almost lighter. Maybe it was because they were standing up, which meant he was leaning down, giving him a certain amount of control over the amount of pressure.
“Holmes is now just two points from taking the break. What can Watson do about it? Again Watson serves and again it bounces long. Second serve for Watson. Holmes steps in as he returns backhand down the line. Watson scampers, forehand crosscourt. Holmes pushes it deep, Watson returns, Holmes forehand, Watson gets it, Holmes with the drop shot and Watson had no chance.”
It was still raining when he slipped out of the car. The gravel against his bare feet was a reminder of just how cold he was. And how vulnerable. His clothes were saturated; his shirt clinging limply to his skin, his jeans were already moving into the realm of itchy and uncomfortable. He was also tired and hungry, and he was just stalling the inevitable.
He dropped the book onto the coffee table before taking the second armchair. The doctor looked quizzically at the book, then back to him, a questioning expression on his face.
“Everything I’m sure,” Sherlock replied folding away the wine menu. “Which is why I’ve asked them to bring us a selection of their finest foods, excluding, of course, all those I already know you dislike. The bill is already settled, the food is at their discretion and the manager assures me we will not be disappointed.”
The pistol had been the last piece of evidence; the final piece in the puzzle.
Burying his head deeper into the pillow, he closed his eyes and breathed in deeply. Sleep found him surprisingly easily.
He took out the key.
more.
"Fine," he said, clipping the word, and headed to the kitchen to make a cup of tea.
In silent unity, they shifted their bags back onto their shoulders and nodded to say they were ready.
On the steep, steep side o’ Ben Lomond,
"Yes," the doctor said simply and turned away, the mutuality of the feeling not needing to be spoken.
“Sarah. Hi.”
“Watson serves. Holmes hammers it back. Watson forehand. Slice from Holmes. Watson backhand. Another slice from Holmes. Watson, but with the spin it bounces just wide.”
Neither of them moved.
He watched the doctor pointedly as he carefully tipped up the secret compartment until half a dozen bullets rolled into his hand.
The ceiling above his head was white and uneven before sloping away to exposed dark wood beams, slightly warped with age. It was a far cry from the plain stone and brick of his college, and further still from the wider urban township he had grown accustomed to.
“And how much effort would you have gone to if it been my birthday today?”
“Remarkable turnaround from him. We used to play a bit together, back in the day, so I’m delighted he’s found his form again. He always had so much potential. Of course there’s still so much speculation about what’s prompted this change, but a lot is being put down to his new friendship with Sherlock Holmes.”
The doctor was silent for a long moment. "Promise that you will trust me," he said finally, "genuinely give me the chance to show you just how good it can be, and yes, regardless of what then happens, you can keep and leave here with the violin."
‘Twas there that we parted, in yon shady glen,
"Can't you work it out?"
Relief rushed through him as his fingers curled around the cool metal, and pulling it out he cradled the weapon in his hands. His heart thumped with a force that felt unhealthy and certainly extreme for someone who had been a virtual stranger just a few days earlier.
"The Norrmalmstorg Bank Robbery," Sherlock repeated, pressing his fingers to his chin. "1973. Sweden. Two robbers, four hostages, six days."
“You want me,” he repeated slowly.
As old fashioned writing desks went, this was certainly a beauty. Georgian in age, probably around 1780 or so. Well maintained, but the scratches and hinges told of usage over the years. A beautiful polished mahogany on the outside, it opened to a beautiful writing surface dominated by an inlaid burr walnut oval. Stylish and well-made, it was not too dissimilar to the one he remembered being in his father's study at Musgrave. Another victim of that fire.
The hand was the only thing to touch him, but it was enough to shake the spiralling thoughts from head, grounding him back in the present.
“Yeah, about that,” John said. “You do know that Google and I are on quite good terms at the moment. Was quite enlightening really. Now, what was the score that I found out? 6-3, 6-1? Not quite what you told me, was it?”
Congratulations Emma! Commiserations Novak.
“Done?” John asked.
Warm breath against his skin, against his lips, into his mouth. Fingers bringing to life nerve endings across his face, his neck, his scalp. Skin tingling. Mouth seeking. His own hands reaching to sink into soft wool, fingers curving around solid muscle.
to do better, that’s why they were in the top ten. All that had done, of course, was remind him that being the ninth in the world was just bullshit anyway. That was just Wimbledon. That was just maths. It was funny what two thousand points could do to your world ranking, especially when you’re used to just about scraping two hundred in total. He wasn’t really the ninth best men’s player in the world, that was just numbers. Statistics. The fluke of winning a Grand Slam. He’d been 130th in the world just a few months before. One tournament did not make him a world class player. A good player, perhaps - the doubles had helped to prove that as well - but truly in the top ten, no.
“This, as you might expect, did pique their interest.
"Couldn't sleep either then?"
He neither heard nor saw Sherlock’s reaction, but he was sure he had got his point across.
"Indeed," he said.
There was a pause and then she smiled, her eyes flickering to movement over his shoulder.
Later he had tried to hunt down another copy of the book only to be met with blank looks and sympathetic head shakes. In the end it was confirmed to have been a vanity publication, no more than a dozen in existence, and no record of any other surviving copies. Grieved, he had been forced to give up, accept the loss and move on.
“Accurate,” Sherlock conceded, a twitch to his lips, “but not absolute. His preference for you over me is trumped by the triumvirate that is you, me and his wages.”
John reflectively flexed his toes. “Lovely, thank you,” he said. “Perfect size, very comfortable, a most thoughtful gift. I must ask my other half where they were purchased from.”
John sucked in a deep breath. He could feel the anger churning within him, building, searching for an outlet. He wanted to grab Sherlock and shake him. Force him not to keep things hidden. He wanted to shout and rave, to swear and to fight. But most of all he wanted to hunt down Jim bloody bastard Moriarty and punch him in the face. And then keep punching him. Over. And over. And over.
Then a beat, a small smile and that slightly twisted sense of humour. "If I'd known you’d keep bolting outside in inadequate clothing, I would have considered doing this in summer."
“You’re giving me the keys to all of your homes?”
Tidying away the last of his things, he took a seat on the edge of the bed, took some deep breathes and then waited. He listened as he heard the water pipes start running again - sink rather than shower this time - then quiet, then more water, sink again – shaving probably - then silence. Then the door opening, closing, footsteps across the kitchen into the main room, silence, footsteps - back towards the kitchen - silence, footsteps, silence, then finally steps towards the stairs, a brief hesitation at the bottom, then firm steps - every other stair - slowed to every stair near the top, then finally... finally... a soft knock on the partially open door.
“A brilliant win from Watson, against a tough, younger opponent. He rose to the challenge and he is victorious.”
The air that smacked him in the face was cool and a bit sharp, very different from the soft warmth he had become accustomed to inside the house.
The breath caught in his chest.
is who I am, who I am supposed to be. I know now what I have been missing, and now I have it, even if I could, I wouldn't go back.
The place felt colder and emptier without him though. Everything in its place. Well, that was hardly surprising.
“That was the second top twenty player Zhi Zhu has taken out of this competition. Can he do the same again, this time against a top ten player?”
He thought the doctor would be scornful, or that he would be laughed at, but the doctor merely gave a nod and straightened his shoulders, chin tipping upwards as he raised his right hand.
“Because the unofficial story involves the real you, an incredibly beautiful but devious woman, and a very cunning plan. That’s far more scintillating for me than any number of false tales of sexual gymnastics. Come on, you must have had a right old time manipulating the press. You can’t tell me that wasn’t just a little bit enjoyable.”
“Hmm, tempting,” he said back, biting gently at the soft skin before pulling away. “But come to think about it, I’m kind of knackered. Challenging match and all that.”
"Hey!" the doctor protested. "James Bond is not ridiculous." Blue three.
He blinked, taken back to find the doctor suddenly close to him.
If the doctor knew what it was, what it was worth, would he still allow some skinny, chemistry student to so casually handle it?
#~#~#
Oh. It had been years since he'd had one of those. Daddy had been fond of them. Or at least, fond of making them for Mummy when she was in one of her more manic moods and her mind was stuck in a high gear. Half the time she didn't even notice she was drinking it in her distracted state.
He nodded before tentatively reaching out a hand to press against the doctor's chest. "Alright," he echoed, reaching down to press a gentle kiss to those lips. "But I do believe it's my turn," he added.
the blood link was already dissipating – it still strengthening as it neared. Then he picked up the noise of the jeep. Five miles away. Then four. Three. Two.
"Because you need him," Harry interrupted.
John pressed his lips together, not out of anger but because he felt the situation warranted more seriousness than him laughing. He was momentarily torn in deciding what was more endearing; Sherlock’s obvious care for his wellbeing, or Sherlock’s fear that his offer would result in yet another preventable row.
Christ, that should not have been as erotic as it was, and he stared almost helplessly as Sherlock all but fellatioed his toe while all the while continuing with the long finger strokes that were making his nerves sing.
The doctor tipped his head as if considering something. "Is it really that hard to believe?" he asked.
For a cupboard under the stairs it was considerably well organised. The left was taken up with coats and other outdoor wear, while the shelves to the right were stacked high with well used games. Old classics such as chess and draughts sat with newer classics: Monopoly, Cludeo, Battleships, Ludo, Risk, Coppit, Operation, Sorry!, and more. Boxes with bent corners and dented sides. Some boxes mended with sellotape, held closed with discoloured string. Well used. Well loved. Well played games.
Could a gun even be considered beautiful?
While massages between them were hardly a new thing, and John already knew how talented Sherlock’s hands could be, it quickly became clear that once again his partner had been doing some extracurricular studying.
Part of him wondered why he was even stopping. He should be marching onwards, farther from the cottage, ever closer to civilisation and rescue, but another part of him was transfixed, fascinated but also mournful, as if this place mattered to him. It was a disconcerting feeling, one that only grew stronger as time went on.
The new board games had been unopened, waiting for someone to play with. The books he had bought out of habit for someone now gone were still unread. The comments and observations once shared with a smile had gone unsaid.
"Don't mind," he said darting to the kitchen. "Up to you." Plucking the jeep keys from the table, he tossed them into the doctor's lap. "You drive."
“Let’s see the replay. Watson somehow anticipated the shot, stretched out, almost flung his racket at it and somehow not only managed to reach the ball, but also managed to keep it in play, and Zhi Zhu, who have never dreamt that it would be returned, can only watch as it bounces in and then away from him.”
"Sure," the doctor said as if it was a perfectly normal thing to go and do while your kidnapping victim attempts and fails at escaping. "You don't have to have one if you don't like them. There's plenty of other things. I just thought it would be something nice after your long day."
His arousal built slower this time, but no less passionately, and by the time he found himself on his back, the doctor grinning as he crouched over him, he was right there.
"Then I can hum a fugue of which I've heard the music's din afore,
"So who was he?" the doctor asked. "This distant relative? You said he's your namesake?"
The warm, oil covered hands on his shoulders wasn't overly surprising but very welcome, successful in diverting his attention away from other parts of his body. Sherlock offered the odd encouragement as he gradually worked his way down his back and then the hands were kneeling his buttocks before encouraging him to pull his knees up under him. He sort of knew what was coming, but it didn't fully prepare him for the feel of Sherlock's tongue right there against him.
“Shouldn’t we tell them? Come on, Moriarty must be in violation of so many regulations. Player misconduct at least.”
Bloody bastard.
“Ceud mìle fàilte, Sherlock Holmes,” the doctor beamed. “Welcome to the Highlands.”
"Well, I'm glad I got to dance with you," the doctor said, his expression one of complete honesty as he handed over Sherlock's dinner. "Thank you."
The doctor paused long enough to give him a pointed look, then went back to packing a rucksack with what looked like lunch. Six minutes later the doctor was locking the cottage and unlocking the jeep. This at least was a surprise, as Sherlock had expected them to be walking straight from the doorstep.
Sherlock was looking at him with a look of amusement, already noticeably different from the boy he had been. Gone already was the gangly, awkward teenager, still a stranger in his newly grown body. He was more upright now, head high, shoulders back, self-assurance evident in every cell. This was the new him. The proper him.
Sherlock welcomed the kiss, meeting it half way, relishing in the languid feeling that meant it was more for the sensation than it was for the desire for it to go anywhere.
"Do you want to go before or after me?"
Sherlock considered it. Bach would normally be his go to composer. Sonata No 1 in G minor would be the obvious choice. Air on the G string was another possibility. They were both pieces in the doctor's record collection though and would have been played in the records better than anything he could manage, even with the instrument in his hands.
“Sherlock,” he said slowly, “thank you for organising the massage and for asking me if it is alright. It was very thoughtful of you and I’m sure it will be very beneficial to me. Just tell me where and when and I’ll be there.”
The doctor was giving him a choice. It was no accident that both the jeep keys and the key to the only room in the property he had not yet been in had been left in clear view. On top of that, the doctor had also removed himself from the premises on a no doubt extremely flimsy pretence in order to give him the choice.
"Did I miss something?" he said.
“And what’s that?” John had asked jokingly. “A dodgy shoulder? A deluded partner? The weight of British expectations on his shoulders?”
As frustrating as it was, the break gave Sherlock the time to both compose himself and process what had happened.
The doctor was crouched by the fire when he left the bathroom. Their eyes met, the doctor rising back up to his feet.
"Stop it."
It was also funny that after six and a half days, returning to his life in Cambridge didn't hold the same allure it once had. Funnier still was the realisation that even if this was a form of Stockholm syndrome, he wasn't sure he really cared.
"Alright?" The doctor's expression was genuinely questioning.
Bloody hell, Zhi Zhu was quick. Agile as well. Too many times he somehow managed to get to balls that would have left other players in the dust. His flexibility too was astonishing, especially the way his body curled in on itself like a spring and then released with power and whipcord strength.
people.
Then those eyes slowly lifted to meet his and suddenly there was even more. More heat, more want, more need.
"I watched for some time the comings and goings of particular members, noting similarities that they shared which would be unusual in the general population. My interest, however, was less with the club in general and more with a specific individual, a fact, I believe that helped save my life."
“Fine,” Sherlock said with a huff, “I looked it up.”
The doctor mercifully dropped the subject.
Crossing the room, Sherlock lifted the pen besides the two identically worded contracts.
indeed. Idiot. So where is it? Where’s your blood stocks? I know you have some here somewhere. You drank last night, or we couldn’t have done what we did. So where is it? Where is the rest?"
He spun round to look at the doctor himself. There, ring on his right hand; two bands interwoven in a Gaelic pattern; ring finger but not a sovereign ring; no other jewellery; the ring cleaned and cared for; sentiment. There were multiple possible reasons for wearing
Fermat’s Last Theorem is the most notorious problem in the history of mathematics. It was first conjectured by Pierre de Fermat in 1637 in the margin of a copy of Arithmetica where he claimed he had proof that was too large to fit in the margin. The first successful proof was released in 1994 by British mathematician Andrew Wiles, and formally published in 1995, after 358 years of effort by mathematicians.
"Why?"
“You certainly seem to know a lot about this place,” John said.
"Oh for god's sake, man," Sherlock said. "Look at you. Centuries and you barely age. Twenty years without me and suddenly you're an old man at death’s door." Then he was striding away, throwing open the cupboards as he went. "Where is it? Where have you put it?"
He was fine.
He should have been a top class player. He should have been right up there with the best. He should have had years at the top, as one of the names to watch, with all the prestige that came with that. He should have been a force to be reckoned with, just had he had always believed he could be, except then he’d crashed his car in a haze of grief, anger, and alcohol, and all of those beliefs, those dreams, those fantasies had come crashing down around him like a storm of hailing tennis balls.
"Why?"
"No," the doctor said, offering a drawn smile. "Or at least, not any more" He tapped his fingers. "My mother died when I was very young. I don't really remember her anymore. I had a sister, but she's gone too now. Long time ago. My... father, I haven't seen him in a long time. He has... other children. Another life. We're not close. I suppose that means I have other siblings around somewhere, but-" he trailed off.
He breathed out. Then breathed in again.
Several journals were given over to a half dozen or so of the 23
"He's..." older, shorter, not what I had been expecting.
The hunt through the kitchen allowed him to take close note of what was and wasn't there. The cupboards revealed tins, packets, crackers, biscuits, crisps, enough supplies for two for a fortnight, possibly longer, all with long best before dates. Several cartons of UHT milk pointed to the expectation that the fresh milk would not last the week and might not be replaced. Similarly, the freezer contained a couple of bags of frozen vegetables ready to supplement the fresh in the fridge.
Tell me about him, Sherlock wanted to ask. But what could the doctor tell him that wasn't already in this room? Wasn't that the point, the reason it was all in there? This here was
“No. No of course not. Not a problem. Why would it be a problem? No problem at all.”
Fingers slid around to circle his wrists as the question was gently asked.
“I thought perhaps a walk,” Sherlock said. “Clear our heads, aid digestion, and all that. Central Park is just over there and should be rather pleasant at this time.”
Stretching, the doctor brought one arm up behind his head in a move so reminiscent of the drawings he had found that Sherlock felt the breath caught in his throat.
Moving back into the main room, Sherlock looked round with an eye to see what wasn't in that room, as well as what was.
It was true, his mind told him, anything could have been done to him while he was unconscious. But it hadn't, had it. He had awoken in a comfortable bed, with his clothes - other than his shoes and socks - still on. He could have quite easily have awoken to find himself handcuffed, or bound to the bed, or worse, but he hadn't. He had been given space, given a drink, been treated more like a guest than a captive, but there was no guarantee that that would continue. A man who not only considered abducting a near stranger but also carried it through could not be completely sane. Except, to Sherlock's rational mind he could understand the thought process the doctor must have gone through. In a twisted way it made a strange amount of sense.
He resisted the hand guiding him upwards out of the chair. "S'nice here," he said. "Warm. Cold up there."
The doctor, it seemed, had been busy. Three boxes and two bags lay open around him, and gaps on the shelves spoke of works being removed as well as added.
About binomial theorem I'm teeming with a lot o'news,
He breathed again.
“So what’s the plan?” he asked.
The doctor's hands cradled his hips, one part support, one part control. Then just as he thought he would go crazy with inaction, the doctor moved.
. I am not nice a man. Oh so far from it. So why the fuck would you care what I may or may not do with my own life?"
Sherlock swallowed, because this time there was no use hiding his reaction to the words. In a matter of hours, the doctor had twice managed to arouse him, and this time he hadn't even touched him.
“You underestimate yourself,” she said, looking at him carefully. “It’s not easy to make Sherlock Holmes seem truly happy, and yet he’s radiating security and contentment. I’ve never seen him like this.” She looked thoughtful. “I take it he’s now told you about his past.”
Slipping from the bed, he was surprised to find himself clean and in boxers, as if the doctor had wanted him to retain a measure of modesty. As if that was possible after what they had done. More surprisingly though, was the lack of soreness or discomfort. He ached, that was true, but it was the full body ache that often followed intense exercise. The parts of him that he had expected to be sore were actually all fine. Apart from the deep muscular ache there was nothing physical to suggest what they had done. Nothing to mark his loss of virginity.
He didn’t bother to try and curtail his smile. He’d won and was through to the second week and the fourth round; he was more than entitled to be happy. Anyone who thought differently could go and take a running jump for all he cared.
There was always the possibility that the doctor had fabricated the whole story about Harry in order to gain his sympathy, but the emotion he had shown while doing so had been too raw not to have had some grounding in some sort of reality.
He searched and he searched again; glove compartment, dashboard, visor, door compartments, under the seats, under the mats. There was no spare set of keys.
The music eased from one piece into the next.
in the original Spanish; the works of Homer, Aeschylus, Sophocles, Aristophanes and Euripides in Greek; Seneca and Virgil in Latin;
Because it was obvious the doctor hadn't even managed that much. He was still dressed as he had been those hours earlier, his blankets still neatly folded beside the sofa.
"How did you know?" he asked.
Frederick Sanger was a biochemist who twice won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
For a moment the doctor was radiant. All pent up emotion, barely contained in his compact frame, body virtually vibrating as his eyes bore into Sherlock's, pinning him in place, holding that moment for one second... two... three.
He rolled his eyes but allowed the doctor to brush an errant curl away from his forehead. "Are you going to be smug from here on out?" he grumbled, although the chemical cocktail swimming around his body stole any real bite from it.
Obviously.
"No," Sherlock said.
He could fake it.
"You mean other than due to human nature and your surprise that I would let you go out alone?"
Or at least the illusion of choice.
Sherlock huffed again, but allowed him to slip off the red ribbon and open the case. Inside, nestled within the soft, padded confines were half a dozen sets of keys, each set a different shape, style and colour. Below each set was a handwritten note; Paris, Dordogne, Dordogne #2, Madrid, Florida, and the one which wasn’t named after a city or region, Baker Street.
“Mhmm,” he said, glancing to where Sherlock was now beside him, racket bag slung over one shoulder, kit bag slipping down from the other to rest on the floor. “Easy for you to say,” he added with a small smile before turning back to looking down the player’s entrance corridor. The security guards, ushers and cameras were already in place, just waiting for that final walk. “You sure you‘ve got everything? Rackets? T-shirts? Spare ego for when you lose?”
He hadn't responded to that, just continued up the stairs. Closing the door behind him, he found the bolt and slid it home.
"I'll be up when I finish," the doctor said. "Twenty, twenty-five minutes."
John looked away, the memories once again threatening to overwhelm him. They had been so happy back then, so carefree. They had had no inkling then that that would be the last time they would be here together.
Content, John allowed himself to be pulled from the bed and bustled into the bathroom. It wasn’t a lazy cuddle in bed or a morning blow job, but somehow that made it all the better.
“Obviously.”
“And it’s all square, neck and neck, nothing at all between these two.”
There had been nothing in those fifteen months to suggest why he had now been abducted from his university and brought the best part of 500 miles north to the middle of nowhere. And, to all intents and purposes, the Scottish Highlands was the epitome of the middle of nowhere, at least for the British Isles.
It was just that he had never really thought he would ever do it. He had never really thought there would be someone he would actually
Scowling, Sherlock moved to push himself upwards. "If you're not-" he started.
"You knew where I was going to be," Sherlock said.
The hand that slipped under his shirt was surprising but not unpleasant.
John flicked the button undone but only tugged the zip part way down. That was more than enough to establish the lack of underwear underneath. Oh god, that really wasn’t playing fair.
"You're a coney-catching, blood sucking, lily-livered, muck snipe, gillie-wet-foot, skelpie-limmer, heartless, nickum lamiae bastard ."
"How did I know that you were going to use the opportunity to try and escape?"
Definitely a smirk, even if the git was
By yon bonnie banks and by yon bonnie braes,
Reaching across the table, he caught Sherlock’s hand in his own, wrapping their fingers together as he searched for the words he wanted to say. He had to get this right. It was important, bloody important that he got this right.
"The second fact, for which no apology will ever cross my lips, is that to me, you are the most brilliant, the most engaging, and the most beautiful of men. Flaws you have without a doubt, physically and socially, in both character and behaviour, but for my taste they enhance rather than detract from the man I see before me. To me, you are the most perfect of being. Calling you friend would have been sufficient for my needs. Your present state and words, however, leads me to hope that, maybe, there is room for more."
"You wish to distract me."
. Okay, of all the follow-ups to Sherlock’s original question,
sounds of enjoyment, Sherlock realised. Until now he had never realised just how many nerve endings there were there, or how good they could feel, or how-
It was only as the final note of the current piece died away that he realised he was no longer alone.
“Unlikely,” Sherlock said with an almost feline stretch.
"Ah," the doctor said with an amused shake to his head. "You have no idea what I'm talking about. So, just a random choice then? Your favourite?"
The library door opened. He turned in the chair and saw Mary stood in the doorwary, wry amusement written across her face. “He’s speaking. He wishes to speak to the ‘one in charge’,” she said, bowing to John in a terribly exaggerated manner.
The guards were carrying a stretcher among them, and John’s heart sank. He knew what he would see even before they bowed before him and allowed him to see their burden: the man they carried was caked in mud, his longish hair matted with blood (new and old, utterly rank regardless). He was wrapped in a cart canvas, which means he’d been found naked.
“Is he awake?” John asked as he limped into the bathing room. The stranger was lying in the drained tub, already dressed in a loose robe, head resting on a rolled towel.
Sherlock nodded thoughtfully. John finished his oatmeal and set his bowl and spoon next to the tureen. “Keep me updated,” John told the Healer, who was done crushing the herbs and was stirring them into a bit of oatmeal for Sherlock to eat. She hummed in acknowledgement and John limped across the room to leave.
The sheriff didn’t speak for a long moment, but then he laughed, until he had to brace his hands on his knees, tears rolling down his face, wheezing for breath between bouts. Not a single other being in the room moved, except to flinch at every new burst of mirth. Finally, after he wiped his face and recovered his breath, he waved a careless hand at John’s mother. The woman sat in a daze, and the Sheriff turned towards the elders.
The man in question was sitting in the infirmary’s comfiest chair, legs folded up close to his body, bowl balanced on his knees, sitting perfectly still. Walking closer, John realized he was birdwatching through the window: Mary must have scattered some crumbs on the ground outside.
“How do you mean?” he asked.
“What brought you here?” John asked simply. “What happened to disrupt that status quo and make you a fugitive?”
Someone was in the infirmary.
It was the right thing to say: the moment lifted and Sherlock chuckled. “My old nursemaid lives on the shores of the Southeast, just a couple weeks travel on foot from here. I knew that if I made it there, I would be safe.”
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
Eventually, he’d made it through two floors of the house and was standing in front of the library door. He could see light flickering under it and he frowned. He couldn’t afford to waste candles by letting them burn all night and if he didn’t remember to extinguish them, then the guards in charge of patrolling the grounds would usually inform him.
“How are you still alive when your Healer clings to practices from the stone ages?” the stranger demanded petulantly as John entered the infirmary. John was surprised it was still morning: the bowl incident felt like ages ago.
She chuckled. “He didn’t try to take my head off and Standford said you’d talked to him last night: obviously you worked your charms on him and calmed him down a bit.”
“Thanks for talking to him,” she said quietly as John served himself some oatmeal. He paused and looked at her.
Nausea curled through John’s gut: definitely too much for John or his kingdom to pay. “How long until he recovers?” he asked curtly.
He stood at the door to her office and leisurely broke his fast, letting his eyes take in the entire room. The stranger—Sherlock, what a ridiculously northern name—was studying him with a distant curiosity.
“You can read?” John asked stupidly. Sherlock’s eyes flicked to him and the man raised an eyebrow. John was caught between justifying his question with the obvious but embarrassing—“When did they start teaching prostitutes to read?”—or just keeping his damn mouth shut.
John gazed out over the land, jaw clenched tight. A haze hung all around him--these fields had burned all night, caught only when the morning watchwoman had glimpsed the far-off smoke. John had known the man who farmed here, and now that man was nothing more than a lifeless, bloodied husk. This wasn't the first slash-and-burn under his reign, and John was grim with the knowledge that it wouldn't be the last.
With this pronouncement, John understood two things. One, that this stranger was a Northerner. John reached forward and scratched away at the mud on the man’s shoulder to find apple-red, horrifically peeling skin (a sunburn, instead of the dark burnish of a native), confirming his understanding. Only those barbarians in the North carry out such practices as binding alphas for slavery: the gods of the plains and the coasts would never allow it. Two, this man was someone’s property, and the owner would come calling eventually.
Sherlock was scrutinizing him again, his all-seeing eyes partially hidden behind his hair, which did nothing to relieve John’s discomfort. After a moment, Sherlock seemed to shake himself out of his thoughts and he nodded. “Are these your family’s books, or do you keep only specific ones?” Sherlock asked amicably and John smiled, genuinely this time.
Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, then forcefully exhaled and reopened them. “I happened across a new client who quickly became obsessed with me. He was halfway through negotiating with my contract holder for exclusivity when I came to understand how dangerous he was. I compiled enough evidence to conclude he was possibly the greatest criminal mind in the north: his web extended into even the southern countries, and across the seas, manned by countless agents and innocents.” Sherlock’s face was utterly impassive now. “Thankfully, I wasn’t foolish enough to confront him but my contact with law enforcement didn’t go as planned. I barely escaped with my life.”
“You’re right, I’m not. If war taught me one thing, it’s that…” John sobered and looked the stranger squarely in the eye. “It’s that the gods don’t determine the good acts in this world: we do.”
“Take him to the Healer,” John gently repeated. “I’ll be there in a moment.”
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock was scrutinizing him again. “John,” he asked solemnly, like a teacher explaining something serious and terrible in a straightforward manner, “Do you know why alphas are preferred as prostitutes?”
John pointed towards the stranger. “You are responsible for this man’s safety while he is in this kingdom. He is to be treated with respect by everyone who encounters him. You do not cater to his every whim, but you will see to it that his needs are met. Do you understand?”
John imagined Sherlock trying to terrorize an old woman who had watched him grow up and wouldn’t allow him to scare her. He smiled warmly. “Caravans go out that way all the time. I’ll make sure you gain passage on the first one out after Mary signs your clean bill of health.”
"Did Mary bribe you with food to gain knowledge of your name?" he asked teasingly. The man rolled his eyes but didn't reply. John shrugged and stood up to get some food. "I wouldn't blame you, as she used the same tactics on me and greatly succeeded!"
John faintly noted Mary squeezing past him and the doorway to place herself between John and the stranger. Her righteous anger passed by him as he forced himself to breathe. It was as though the stranger had cut him open with surgical precision, removing each organ in turn and placing them on a table to anyone to see. If John erased the vitrol the man had delivered his speech with, then everything the man said had been utterly, terribly, horribly
