Dean just laughed and took Castiel’s hand to pull him along. Castiel had been banned from his own bedroom for the past two nights - Dean had been working on it in short bursts throughout the week, then covered the walls with sheets and forbidden Cas from looking. Then he’d told Castiel to sleep on the couch instead, since he could no longer properly hide his work.
Thursday was different.
“That’s not-! I don’t..” Castiel trailed off with a sigh. “I’m not usually like that.”
The sensation sent Dean over the edge, and his mind went blank, white flashing behind closed eyes.
“Of course I do! I was just askin.” Dean muttered with a petulant frown.
“I got drunk, man. I was just sitting there on the edge, looking at the view, drinking. I went to grab another beer, and I hadn’t brought enough over. So, I got up to go to the car. I was gonna sit in baby, listen to some tunes, drink until I passed out, you know?” Dean frowned as he remembered, realising now how stupid he had been. He should have crawled away from the edge before he stood up. “When I got up and turned around, I slipped… That’s the last thing I remember.”
“Whoa, whoa! Hold up!” Dean raised his voice, hands held up in defence. “That’s not what I was saying!”
“Mornin’ sunshine.” Dean greeted him, pushing the door shut with his foot. “Brought you coffee and breakfast.”
His throat burned on the word, but he wasn’t sure if Castiel would want their relationship revealed. Gabriel, however, seemed to see straight through the diversion, staring at Dean with a raised eyebrow and a slight smirk. He coughed to clear his throat and continued, pointing around the room to introduce everyone in turn.
Dean gestured with the end of his gun for the man to stand, but he didn’t lower the weapon. He watched as the man slowly got to his feet, hands still in the air, though all aggression appeared to have drained from him now. His eyes were cast down, and disappointment was written over his face.
“Wait! Does he still wear a bracelet? A blue one, with a step counter thing in it?”
Castiel’s hands moved underneath the dark shirt he wore, brushing across bare skin which sent tremors through Dean’s body. Damn, he was reacting like a teenager to this shit, he never acted like this. He flushed lightly with embarrassment, but it didn’t stop him from arching his back and crying out when Cas dug his fingers hard into his hips, his own nails digging into the angel’s shoulders.
Castiel gazed at him, panting and spread eagled on his own bed. The look Dean gave him with his pupils blown wide almost brought him to his knees, emotion overwhelming him. It had been a long time since he had felt this kind of intimacy with anyone.
Claire nodded slightly and with a worried expression, took off. Dean turned back to the woman, his face calm, but his eyes blazing with fury.
“Hmm. How many times is this now?” Missouri asked him.
He followed the man onto his bed, straddling him as he continued the kisses, though now they moved along his jaw, then down his neck. He tugged at the tank top, and Dean understood quickly, wriggling and pulling at the material until he managed the get it off and throw it across the room.
“Breathe with me, Dean. You know how this works.”
“Oh.” Dean breathed out the pent up breath he had been holding, and after a moment, he laughed softly. “Did you see that kid’s nose, though? She got him good.”
“Yeah. Yeah, you’re right.”
“I- what - I don’t understand.....”
”Oh, nothing yet, Castiel. But I assure you, I have big plans. Now why don’t you relax? We’ve got a ways to go yet.”
“Dean.” The command in Castiel’s voice forced Dean to look up and meet his eyes. There was something there, but it wasn’t pity. “I will not ask you again;
I also want to note I don’t have any particular issue with John, but that’s the way this story goes. It seems to be writing itself regardless of my opinions.
“Oh, well, um... thank you. I have a day off tomorrow, though. I don’t get two off in a row often, but I did this week so I’m not back at work until Friday.”
“You what?” Dean blinked in surprise.
The drilling sounds stopped, and within seconds the door was yanked open, a very confused and irate Dean glaring at him from the doorway.
“So that panic attack... it wasn’t your first?”
“Dean! Oh my god.”
The blanket was doing a fantastic job of hiding Cas’ movements, even when he lowered the zip on Dean’s pants and slowly, carefully slipped a hand inside. Dean found himself losing all reason, the arm around Cas’ shoulders trying to pull the angel closer as soft skin trailed over his now fully hard cock, sending shivers through his body and heat up his spine.
“Don’t mean I gotta like it.” Dean huffed, dropping his eyes momentarily as he dropped his hands to Cas’ waist and pulled him closer. When he glanced back up, it was with a determined expression. “Okay. But you stay near me, Capisce?”
“...missing? As in-“ Gabriel stopped, worry leaking into his eyes.
Jesus fuck.
“Hey, brother.” Benny drawled, grinning as he caught Dean with a one armed hug. “Been awhile.”
“Dean, I can explain-”
Whatever Dean had been attempting to say, it turned into a low, throaty groan muffled by his mouth against Cas’ neck. He was shaking now, breath coming in short little gasps, a totally embarrassing reaction to such little stimulation. The years of longing and lust and barely there touches were bringing him undone faster than he’d like to admit, and Cas was giving no mercy.
“Cas please, please...”
“Together.”
“Yeah, sure. Sam did it last night so maybe the swelling went down.”
Castiel paused, looking Dean over as he considered whether or not he trusted the man to stay the night. Really, he had gotten to know Dean pretty well over the past two weeks. And he did like having him around. And it really would be more convenient if Dean only had to pop next door to start work in the morning.
Cas hummed against his skin, sending a shiver through him as he breathed over that oh so sensitive spot on his neck.
But they’d had no time to think on that - in the blink of an eye they were back at the bunker, transported through space to sit around the big table. They’d been waiting for the other shoe to drop - yet an hour later, it still hadn’t come.
“Dean, are you okay?” Jody started, frowning at him with concern.
“What?” Dean frowned at her, then looked up at Sam, who was watching them both from the kitchen.
His hands were almost mechanical as he pulled the knife and lighter from his pocket.
“Bobby and Charlie are coming in later, and they’ll sit in the corner over there. We figured it would be better for everyone to blend in as couples. They all have their parts to play, and they know them well. We’ll lead the conversation as much as we can.”
Dean moved his fingers slightly, feeling the soft material underneath them, the firm shape of a human body underneath that. More than that, he could feel the rise and fall of Castiel’s chest as he took slow, deep breaths. The man seemed to be helping him, trying to calm him down, even if Dean still couldn’t fathom why he would bother. The thought must have shown in his demeanour somehow though, because Castiel was speaking again, breaking through his thoughts.
“Hard to get good help.” Bobby patted Dean’s knee comfortingly, then stood. “I’m gonna check on that Jackson guy. See if he’s got the footage cleaned up yet.”
More tears spilled from his eyes at the declaration, at how easily Dean seemed to read his thoughts and know exactly what he was trying to say. He pressed forward, capturing Dean’s lips in a deep, affectionate kiss. Dean groaned softly into his mouth, prompting a chorus of catcalls and a few comments of ‘ew’ and ‘gross’ from Gabe and Charlie respectively. They broke apart and laughed softly together, as Dean brushed tears off his cheeks.
Dean looked up, just in time to watch as Castiel stepped forward into his space, his mug abandoned on the counter. Castiel stared at him, holding his gaze as he slowly raised his hand, giving Dean plenty of time to back off. But Dean didn’t, and eventually he felt Castiel’s palm cup his cheek gently.
Uriel released Dean with an agonised cry, clutching his cut arm to his chest.
Dean’s brain short circuited for a moment, his eyes widening at the question. As Dean’s brain processed the information, Castiel was watching him worriedly, his face a mixture of emotions. Dean considered – everything in him wanted this, had wanted this for awhile – but he couldn’t help feeling responsible for Sam, despite that they were adults. He glanced past Castiel, finding Sam watching him from a table nearby. Sam nodded slightly to him with a smile that told him it was okay, and a grin spread across Dean’s face as he focused on Castiel again.
He crept along the front wall, his eyes peeled outwards for any sign of life out here. Bobby and Charlie were watching as well and, comforted by the cover, he turned and carefully tried the door knob. It turned silently and, carefully as he could, he pushed the door an inch open and paused.
“If either of us is drunk it must be you for the past several nights!” Castiel spat, cutting the man off and jabbing a finger at his chest childishly. “Do you have any respect for people or are you so caught up in your rich boy fantasy with your fancy new apartment that you just didn’t think that some of us have to actually work for a living?!”
“Dean, please. I just want to talk.”
Dean ignored Sam, but shot Charlie a glare, and she immediately coughed and hid the smile.
Castiel pulled back far enough for Dean’s cock to pop out of his mouth, letting the tip rest on his lips as his hand kept working it. He stared up at Dean with that wicked grin, a thrill shooting straight to his own twitching cock at the way the man watched him with lust and desire.
“You may do that. I plan to win.” Castiel’s grin was entirely devilish.
“I understand that you don’t wish me to be here. If you could just relay my message when he wakes, I would appreciate it.”
“For the fifth time Dean, yes,” Charlie hissed at him, showing him the phone.
“Hm. Well, I’m happy to say you seem to be healing quite well, Mr Winchester. You’re very lucky. That fall could have killed you easily, yet you seem to have escaped with no more than some broken bones and mostly minor wounds. I should think you will be able to go home in a few days, pending the psychiatric report, of course.”
“Well... I might have messed with some employment records, that now say you’ve been permanent full time for the past twelve months. I also might have put in your request for annual leave, and approved it. I also may have rewritten some company policies that allow you three months paid leave due to work related trauma.... Sooo...”
He could feel the vibration around his cock as he shot down Dean’s throat and barely glanced down to catch the sight of Dean striping the floor with his come, swallowing his seed down greedily.
“Jack?” Sam asked quietly.
When the day ended, Castiel approached again. In a way, Dean was waiting for him, starting to get used to the routine. Castiel was introducing things he could count on each day, from setting his intention in the morning, to their short talks in the afternoons.
Jody’s lips thinned as she stared him down, crossing her arms over her chest in the standard ‘Don’t bullshit me’ that Dean had gotten to know pretty damn well over the last year at Alderton. She tended to see straight through his excuses and misdirection, much to his annoyance.
He glanced around for Castiel, but he wasn’t around – nor, did it seem, was Gabriel.
Cas collapsed onto him heavily, and they lay there for some time, hands gently stroking each other into calmness as they caught their breath. Even when Cas slipped out of him and disposed of the condom, even when he wiped Dean clean, they came back together, facing each other on their sides as they shared breath.
“Don’t you dare tell me to calm down, Dean Winchester.” Castiel shot a glare over his shoulder, then turned it back on Gabriel, trying to wipe the tears from his cheeks. “Gabriel... I missed you. I needed you. I’m happy to see you, but there’s a reason you’re here.”
He remembered the previous afternoon. Castiel asked – no, told him – not to lie. He’d told Dean he wouldn’t ask for an explanation, but never to lie to him. He didn’t think Castiel had asked the question now to test him, especially after the conversation he’d eavesdropped on. No, the man was asking because for whatever reason, he did care.
“Well, considering I don’t know what you’re referring to, I may or may not,” Gabriel scowled at Sam. “All I know is that Castiel’s taken off - I got sent to find him, an order which I wasn’t going to argue since I haven’t seen little bro in forever.”
Castiel instantly didn’t like the way that he moved between himself and his father, subtly shielding Castiel with his hands up in a submissive gesture. He’d had enough experience with that move, and he was almost certain that Dean expected things to get physical.
“Um. Not really.” Dean shrugged a shoulder. He’d heard of the term, but he didn’t think that was what was going on. No, he was just weak. Stupid. Having random freak outs.
One good reason. There was only one thing on Castiel’s mind right now, and if the man wanted to push his limits, then goddamnit so would Castiel. His hands shot up, gripping the elbow of the arm held across his chest and the bicep of the other arm, pulling the man closer to him. There was a brief flash of understanding in the green eyes before his own eyes slipped shut, pressing his lips to the other man’s, rough and desperate and greedy.
“I liked it because it... it’s just you, completely.” Dean explained, though he realised he didn’t make much sense by saying that. “Thanks, Cas. You always seem to know just what to do with me.”
All the angel got in response was another deadly glare, before Dean turned his attention back to Sam. The younger brother grinned, reaching over to flip over the top of a bag Dean hadn’t even realised was sitting on top of the table, revealing-
“No it’s – he didn’t do anything…” Dean trailed off, grimacing as Charlie shot him a disbelieving look. “Fine, yeah, something happened. I don’t really wanna talk about it.”
“Let’s head out.”
“Dean...” He breathed, turning to look at the man still leaning against the door frame. “This is... It’s beautiful.”
“Then what happened?” Missouri prompted gently, catching his eye.
Charlie had seen his episodes more times than he could count, and as much as he didn’t like how much she knew about it, it had started their friendship. He could at least be grateful for that, even if he didn’t like being weak around anyone. It helped, in that she would often cover for him when he had an episode.
“Dean.” She growled lowly as she shot him a look and a frown.
That ended up seeing him work four hours overtime when he should have been eating, relaxing, and heading to bed. He released a long sigh and was about to open his eyes and retrieve his keys, when he felt a rough shove on his shoulder. Confused, he lifted his head to find the source - and was met with his own keys jangling annoyingly in his face.
He worried that when the job was finished, Dean wouldn’t have a reason to come back anymore. Despite what he had said a few weeks back about not wanting to lose what they were building, Castiel couldn’t help the anxiety that prickled at his brain, looking for anything Dean might have said that indicated this wasn’t going to last.
He heard Dean gasp as he pressed a single digit against his rim, massaging around the area teasingly. Cas bobbed slowly, letting Dean’s cock slip in and out of his throat easily, the way he knew Dean liked. After a moment, he pressed harder, and his finger slipped inside easily.
“No, she shouldn’t have punched him. But maybe he’ll learn better than you’re teaching him.” Dean growled. “Leave. And don’t be surprised if Claire doesn’t want anything to do with either of you.”
His brow furrowed, surprise written on his face as he stared at his brother. Of all the people he expected to hear that from, Gabriel was the last. The shorter man always seemed so together, confident and carefree with a happy go lucky attitude. If he was seeing a therapist, maybe it wasn’t such a bad idea.
“Uh… Yeah, of course, as long as I don’t have to wear a collar or anything.” Dean answered, feeling slightly nervous. Would he have to wear a collar?
“Shut
Dean gritted his teeth, his hands tightening painfully in his lover’s hair. Before he could respond, however, Castiel plunged a second finger inside of him, scissoring him open hard and fast. The sting brought tears to his eyes, yet it was a pain he enjoyed, if the stream of curses was anything to go by. His hips bucked down, trying to force Castiel faster, or deeper, or something. His brain wasn’t working clearly by this point.
“But- oh...” Dean’s breath came out in a sigh as Cas rolled his hips, and he knew he’d won. “Yeah. Yeah, okay.”
He met Charlie in the cafeteria, just as he was pouring himself a cup of coffee.
“Oh, no no no Castiel. Even if I forgave you - which I won’t - my earlier statement stands. Your kind is a plague on this earth, one which I am slowly rectifying.”
“You like watching.” He commented, regretfully releasing himself. “We’ll have to explore that another time.”
After listening to him rant, Charlie had passed him a box of tissues, sent for a cup of coffee, and told Castiel to wait in the office. Then she’d left, leaving Castiel a little worried by the look of fury in her eyes. Castiel had heard yelling, and after some twenty minutes she had returned with assurances that the man had been fired and banned from the premises. Castiel felt guilty, however Charlie assured him that the other staff had complained several times about his behaviour, and all she needed was Castiel to confirm the stories officially.
It took some manoeuvring, but soon Castiel had his pants pushed down and one hand wrapped around his own shaft. Sucking Dean off was exciting him so much that he had to pause, clamping his hand around the base of his cock, letting the fire in his belly abate before continuing.
“You haven’t called me Sammy for years, Dean.”
“Don’t you dare ask me what’s wrong.” Sam bit out. “What the hell, Dean?! You were doing so well, you were talking – you said you wouldn’t shut me out! And then you send me a text that scares me, I try to call, and your phone is off -”
He waited quietly, watching as Castiel moved around the kitchen easily. Castiel seemed to sense him, as when he turned, the only reaction was his lips quirking into a smile as he held the cup out for Dean.
“Dean,” Sam warned, but he ignored it as he moved closer slowly.
He sat back on his knees, opening his eyes to see Castiel staring at him with a smug grin, licking the corner of his lips. Castiel’s eyes, however, were filled with a desire that knocked the breath out of him, despite coming only minutes before.
“Dean,” Castiel gasped out finally, cupping the man’s face in his hands as he rested their foreheads together. “This is more than perfect. Thank you.”
He rolled his eyes and huffed in annoyance, wriggling around as he tried to reach the phone on the bedside table with the arm that was currently trapped by Dean’s weight. He supposed he couldn’t blame the man for his sleepiness; Castiel was far too used to being wide awake as soon as he woke up.
Castiel rolled his eyes, a smile tugging at his lips as he swung the door open. He froze, his breath catching as he caught sight of Dean. He was clad in denim shorts and a tank top, which suited him well. His eyes were drawn to the tool belt on Dean’s waist, and he wasn’t sure how he could be instantly turned on just by that. His eyes raked over the man, eventually raising to meet green eyes dancing with amusement.
“We won, Dean.” Castiel smiled, taking his hand lightly and pulling Dean flush against him as his other hand came up to cradle his cheek. “We won.”
Castiel finds his wounds after checking on his injury; and they discuss the proposal.
“Dean, you know that I want this.” Castiel finally told him, opening his eyes. “But I want to do this right. I will not ravage you the way I want to in my kitchen right now.”
“Well…” Sam sighed, and Dean knew he was right. “You and Castiel might have to go and be questioned.”
“Cut the crap, Winchester. I know you.” She sighed, and Dean watched as the anger slipped away, replaced with pity. “I don’t get you, though. You’re good at your job – one of the best here.” Dean scoffed, but she held up a hand to stop him. “You are, Dean. I wish you could see yourself the way you truly are.”
“Fuck you,” Castiel replied, voice broken.
Damn, where had the shy, hesitant, well-spoken Cas gone? Dean quickly realised that Cas knew exactly what he was doing to the man, and had possibly planned something like this. He was showing Dean a side of himself that nobody ever saw - and Dean wanted more of it. That thought alone sent fire through his nerves, and he came completely undone.
“Just out.” Dean answered, but Sam’s look said he wasn’t going to drop it. He sighed and shrugged. “Meeting someone for breakfast. A work friend.”
“Oh for the love of-
After awhile he started to struggle to stay awake. When he dozed off for a moment, Missouri decided that he’d had enough for the day. She told him she would come back tomorrow and Dean surprised himself when he agreed readily. He had actually almost enjoyed the session.
“Yep. Got fifteen more minutes til it has to be happy, helpful Charlie – at least unless the client is on mute.”
“You are highly intelligent, Dean. You have listened, researched, and understood everything that I have delivered so far, on a level exceeding your peers. I would ask something of you, and that is to stop being so hard on yourself. Your fears are unfounded.”
When Castiel’s hand gripped hard around his cock he jumped, letting out a loud and throaty moan that had Cas clapping his hand over the hunter’s mouth.
Finally they stopped, and just spent a few moments looking at each other. Castiel had a soft smile that Dean had only ever seen directed at him, and it made him feel warm.
“Yes.” Castiel sighed. This had been the one he was afraid of addressing.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
He ‘woke’ Dean, declining Sam’s offer of help - Sam didn’t need to know that Dean had never actually been sleeping. Dean, for his part, put on a fairly good show of being sleepy, grunting and shuffling his feet as Cas led him from the room.
Granted his day was easier after that - however the whole incident had left him both emotionally exhausted and riled up at the same time. While Charlie was kind and understanding, and offered him a lift home, Castiel could see the stress in her face at the idea of having to keep the shop stocked with two employees down. It took some time, but he eventually convinced her that he was fine and could stay, and finished his shift.
Castiel was quiet for a moment as he thought about it.
”Shit.. Sorry.”
He didn’t really open up about how he was feeling – like, ever. But Sam wasn’t stupid, and Dean wouldn’t insult his intelligence by pretending he hadn’t been off for some time. But, at the same time, he wasn’t going to start a big deep and meaningful either. Sam seemed to get it though, and just nodded as he stood from the couch and collected his empty bottles, along with Dean and Charlie’s.
Dean’s hand slid into his, lacing their fingers together. He smiled slightly, shooting him a grateful smile as he put the menu down. There was no way he was going to be able to eat, anyway, so there was no point ordering. He was just about to ask Sam for the time, when he spotted a familiar face.
He still had that messy sex hair, of course, but Dean didn’t mind. He made it look damn good. Dean had to wonder what that hair would look like after the angel actually did have sex, and he was aware of a distinct desire to see it.
“You can’t let them go?” Castiel finished when Dean stopped mid sentence.
“You have, Dean. You’ve raised Sam. Found your man.” Ellen smiled at him, swaying along with his steps as her eyes shined. “You’ve found happiness. Just don’t screw it up.”
“Difficult call?” Jody asked quietly.
“Dean, there is more to this than you can know. I know I hurt you, and I… I can never make that up, or tell you how sorry I am. But this? Us? It was, and still is, dangerous.” Castiel huffed a breath out and shook his head, and Dean was sure he could see a shine of tears. “This wasn’t what I wanted. I was… advised, that if I continued this path with you, I may be terminated from my position.”
Dean froze in his arms, obviously realising what he had just said. But Cas didn’t give him a moment to think about it, pressing a soft kiss between his shoulder blades as he smiled.
As he waited for the tea to brew, he glanced around in dismay at the state of his home. The paint was flaking off the walls in increasingly larger patches. Several cabinet doors in his kitchen were either broken or missing completely, as he had removed them after hinges had finally given up with old age. The cheap tiles in his kitchen were freezing his feet, cracked in places with whole chunks completely missing. The tiles gave way to a carpeted lounge room, and while it was clean, the age and wear in the flooring clearly showed.
“Yep. Got a lot to do. But hey, I can come back tonight and get started on some work in here?” Dean asked, face alight in a way that Castiel imagined could be hope. “I mean.. if you don’t have plans, or anything. You probably do, though. It is the night to party, so I mean, some other time-“
“I was saying that I should probably get back to work.” Dean’s frown told Castiel it wasn’t the first time he had called him.
“Dean.” Castiel’s firm voice brought him back into the moment, and he was surprised to find Castiel staring at him from only an inch or so away. He could feel the professor’s breath on his face as he gently, yet firmly told him; “
“I researched.” Cas answered simply, drawing a throaty moan from Dean as his hands moved up to tweak the man’s nipples.
Dean’s emotions on this were confusing. On one hand, he felt like every nerve in his body was constantly on fire, from the moment Cas’ body had touched his, and having to wait for an uncertain outcome was frustrating. He wanted Cas, and he wanted him NOW.
“Great. Great, I’ll see you soon.”
Embarrassment, that he had been duped. Anger that the damn angel had got the better of him. And, shocking him, a desperate lust that near knocked him to his knees - he slumped forward against the tree in defeat, instead.
He took a sudden breath, not realising he had been holding it. His hands tightened where he gripped the menu, showing his fear and nervousness. Dean’s hand gently cupped over the top of his own, making him relax somewhat.
"Yes sir, that's correct." Dean spoke into the microphone of the headset he wore, fighting the urge to roll his eyes. "Just complete the form, print it, then post it to the address at the bottom and we'll get that change of name sorted for you."
“-Oh. Great. That’s great. Thankyou. I should probably...” Castiel glanced around himself, only now realising this whole conversation had happened in the elevator.
”Man, what is it with you? Is life that bad you gotta drag everyone else down? Or do you just need someone to take it out on when you have a rough day? Not that I mind but seriously, if life sucks so much, change it.”
“Then tell me what the hell you were doing hammering on my door at-“ Dean glanced at the clock quickly. “Seven Am?! Are you freakin kidding right now?”
“Yeah. Okay. Umm... I’m not sure. Dean?” Sam glanced over at his brother and sighed. “He’s... not doing too well. Just get here soon okay? Okay. Bye.”
Castiel’s eyes darkened slightly, and his lips turned down in a disapproving frown.
Castiel laughed, and the mild tension that had developed quickly evaporated.
Instead of jumping out of bed and going about the morning mechanically as he usually did, he took a moment to just lie there. He stretched first, raising his arms high above his head, then brought them down to cross behind him, resting his head back on his arms. He relaxed into the comforting memory foam, letting himself wake slowly to the new day. He loved the way the mattress seemed to wrap around him, trapping his body and making him feel secure.
“...Okay.”
“Lube?” Cas growled into his ear, his entire body rolling against Dean.
The room was bare, aside from the chair he sat in, and a desk just out of reach. There was a container on the desk covered with a towel, and he was terrified of what could be in it, though he had a horrifying idea. There was a thick layer of dust over everything, which immediately dashed any hopes of being accidentally stumbled upon. This place hadn’t been touched in years, it was obvious.
His tears finally spilled when he told Castiel how he’d stood there holding the baby – Claire, he now knew – waiting for his team to save Amelia, and knowing that he should have charged straight back in there instead.
Dean sighed softly and made his way over to the couch to sit down.
Silence greeted his words, and he looked at Charlie and Sam, trying to make them understand that he was telling the truth. When a voice finally spoke up, it wasn’t one he recognised.
“Don’t touch. Don’t talk.” Dean growled, curling down over Castiel so their lips were inches apart. “Just... just...”
“Welcome. Now stay out of my way and Dean, another coffee.” Charlie commented grumpily, fingers flying over the keys.
“What’s the catch?”
Sam and Castiel both dissolved into laughter to the point where he had to wipe tears from his eyes, shaking his head in disbelief. They had spent hours talking about the pair of brothers, and the stories ranged from impossibly miserable to downright hilarious. Neither of them noticed the footsteps approaching until Dean appeared, yawning and rubbing his eyes grumpily.
“Be careful with these,” Bobby grunted, holding a gun each out to Sam and Dean. “They ain’t for backyard shootin. You keep ‘em clean, you keep ‘em loaded, and you don’t hesitate.”
“Shit... Shit..” He bit on his bottom lip, trying to silence himself as the shorts finally gave way, leaving his cock unclothed, hard and leaking as it curled up toward his abdomen
“Yeah. Yeah, okay.” Dean nodded with a sigh.
Aaaand, yet again this isn’t what I had planned for this chapter.
“Because it’s got a tracker in it!” Gabriel announced happily, grabbing Dean’s face in both hands and kissing his cheek in overwhelming emotion. “Oh, thank the stars he still has it!”
Thankyou to every single person who has followed along and left encouraging comments - especially though to Mishamigos, for being there from the beginning, and Jenna, for your comment that gave me that boost I needed to finish it.
“I believe Dean is tired - perhaps we should retire after this movie?” Cas answered for him, perfectly composed. Dean realised at some point the third movie had started up.
“Yeah, no.” Dean chuckled softly, watching as Castiel took a sip of coffee and breathed a sigh of relief. “Has anyone ever told you that you’re a terrible morning person?”
“Shit.. Fuck, Cas! Keep that-
“Okay. Charlie, I’ve got a bedroll for you over here.” Bobby said, leading the tired woman toward the lounge room.
“I can’t lose him.” Dean was quiet, choking back a sob. “If he’s- If- I just can’t. He’s like... nobody else I’ve ever known.”
He reached for another one, but none were left beside him. He frowned and realised there was more in the car – yeah, he could get them, maybe sit in the car, play some music. Drink more until he passed out. Sounded like a good idea, if he could actually see properly. He laughed at himself as he brought his feet underneath him and stood shakily, then turned toward the car.
“Shutup, Crowley, this is awesome.” Sam shot back, though there was no heat in it. “We won, guys. Naomi’s going to jail, and the company has to pay compensation to both of you.”
Castiel’s blood ran cold as he spun around to face the owner of the dark voice. There, standing across the hall, stood Uriel. The man’s lips curled up into a frightening smirk as Castiel pressed himself back against the door, feeling his heart rate rise. This man seemed to trigger his anxiety nearly every time, always had.
He saw another one of those quizzical looks from Sam. The room wasn’t cold at all. Cool, maybe, but not cold. He briefly considered declining the offer, but since Cas had outed his shiver to the others, it would have been extremely hard to explain why he was shivering if he wasn’t cold.
“7, I think.” Castiel answered automatically. They’d fallen into a rhythm where he would rate his anxiety on a scale of ten. “We’re going to talk about that part later.”
Castiel’s thumb was gently rubbing circles into his skin again – this time it was on his wrist, right on his pulse point. Dean watched the man’s thumb rubbing his skin, slowly relaxing again, despite that Castiel was rubbing right over the four lines on his wrist, the thin burn lines. God, he was so broken, wasn’t he? But still, that didn’t stop him from enjoying the gentle, consistent pressure on his wrist. It seemed to help and slowly, his breathing evened out again.
“Fine. I also want you to take the voluntary training they’re offering. It starts on Monday and runs for two weeks, full pay.” Jody slid a folder over to him, and he glanced down at it. “It could get you into payroll. I know that’s something you wanted to do.”
Dean took one look at those damned puppy dog eyes, and nodded to him with a bit of a smile. That seemed to be the end of the conversation, and Sam sat down again, moving onto another, lighter topic. Dean sat between them, his head pleasantly buzzing, and thought that it felt nice to just get it out. Even if talking didn't solve anything, he still felt a little lighter for it.
“Uriel.” Castiel breathed, glancing at the elevator doors. It hadn’t arrived yet, and despite the man’s words, he felt the beginnings of panic.
Castiel stared down at him, locking their eyes as he slowly pressed down, impaling himself on Dean’s cock slowly in short thrusts until finally he bottomed out. He groaned as Dean filled him, the slight burn adding to his pleasure. He could feel the how tense Dean was, obviously struggling to hold back until Castiel could adjust to the intrusion.
“Not good enough. I give you a job and I expect it done when I say. Now move!”
“...Oh.”
“Uriel.” Dean growled, clenching his jaw. “Can you see where he went?”
On the other hand, he could say yes, meet Castiel for breakfast. It would probably result in questions he didn’t want to answer, and Cas would see him outside of work. He would just be himself, as a person, and that was more than likely going to scare Castiel away. Shit, he’d thought enough times that the man would run if he knew what was good for him, so maybe this would finally be the thing that made that a reality.
“Dude. No chick flicks, okay?”
Castiel knew what he meant. It was truly terrifying how deeply he felt for Dean, in such a short time. But, as cliche as it seemed, he felt like he’d been looking for Dean his whole life. Like this man was the one thing that had been missing all along. Maybe, perhaps, Dean felt the same way.
Dean felt that warmth blossom in his chest again at the words, and he sighed softly. Castiel hummed on the other end, but aside from that he was quiet for a few moments. Dean took the time to fill his cup with coffee, holding the phone against his shoulder with his cheek so he could use his good hand. He popped the lid onto the spill proof travel mug before he took a careful sip. He sighed contentedly. Perfect temperature.
His brother just grinned, opening his arms wide as he ignored every question thrown at him.
“Oh, that.” Dean scowled. “Apparently Sam came home last night, when we were… uh… busy. He decided it would be funny to embarrass me about it.”
“Oh, you mean your back up?” Uriel laughed, the sound dark and wicked. “Afraid they won’t be coming. I knocked those guys out cold when I found them. I’ll bring them in, of course, once I’m done with you. Now, you can drop the weapons, or Castiel here will get a bullet.”
“Home sweet home.” Dean spoke softly, pulling Castiel from his thoughts.
“Oh, just an hour. I told Castiel here how you came in early to study, but fell asleep.”
“Dean what the hell?! Just let me-“ Both men rounded the corner, apparently struggling with each other, and John Winchester stared straight at Castiel in a mixture of anger and shock. “What the hell is this?”
Castiel’s eyes shot up to Dean’s. He should have known, by the way that Dean centred him in the elevator, the man had experience with panic attacks and hence knew what to do. But he wondered where Dean had gained the experience... Perhaps his brother?
“Cas? What are you-“
“Scout’s honour.”
“Seriously? It’s harmless. She punched him, though-“
“Yes... Yes, Cas, yours, please,” He gasped lowly, babbling in his desperation.
“Is that legal?” Dean asked doubtfully as he stared at the small redhead and young man hunched over a laptop on the dining table.
Castiel had approached him while the class shuffled out, as Dean was letting them disperse once again while he packed up.
He glanced over his schedule - then he smiled crookedly as an idea came to mind. He made a few adjustments to the list then nodded to himself. Hopefully, his plan would work. With a hopeful outlook, Castiel rinsed his cup, and set to his first task of cleaning the apartment.
Then Dean swallowed, his throat constricting around the head of Castiel’s cock, and all reason left him. Sparks shot through his body as his grip on Dean’s hair tightened, slowly pulling him up and down. Dean was compliant, following Castiel’s every movement as he slowly jerked his own cock.
“I’m sorry, Dean. Can we continue this conversation later?”
Castiel merely nodded, then spent a few moments lingering as though he wasn’t sure what to do now. After a few moments, though, he simply turned and walked away, leaving a confused Dean standing at his car, wondering.
“Don’t you even dare say you can’t do it, Dean. I know you can – you’re smart, and you can manage this easily. And it can open up so many opportunities.”
“Excellent. Oh, I forgot to mention - since it’s the first Saturday of the month, it’s adult only retro night.”
“Ah. You were not aware that I have taken a contract here for the next six months?”
“Claire, go find your father. I’ll deal with this.”
“...Stay?”
Dean sighed softly and relaxed, letting himself be carried up what he assumed by the movements were stairs, held tight against Castiel’s body. He was soon deposited onto a soft bed, and almost immediately he felt Castiel curl around him, spooning against his back in a way that fit perfectly. He hummed again, pressing back into Castiel as he felt an arm wrap over him protectively.
He reached the door to the apartment next to his, dimly glad of the fact that nobody else lived on this floor as he braced one hand on the door, the other curling into a fist and hammering on the decorative wood as hard as he could, intent on making himself heard over the loud banging and rock music blaring from the place.
“Oh, hey Sammy. Wasn’t expecting you up so soon.”
“Yup, that’s what she’s saying.” Dean answered for her, still laughing quietly. “Go on, Charlie, tell him the rest.”
“Oh, well that’s good. So a few more days maybe?” Castiel asked, trying to hide his own disappointment as he picked at the remains of his burger.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“So, what was that? New girl in your life?” Sam asked with a slight grin as Dean finally hung up the call at seven thirty. "Or guy?"
“Okay, woah! Easy there tiger, no need for anyone to die today.”
Castiel didn’t answer right away, he simply nodded slightly to acknowledge Dean’s words. Eventually though, he looked up at Dean, and Dean could see the unshed tears shining in his eyes. It set him off kilter, because he’d never seen Castiel anywhere close to upset – yet that haunted look in his eyes was back, and despite the smile that he gave Dean, a tear slipped down his cheek.
All of this - It was worth a few sleepless nights.
By the time lunch break rolled around, Dean didn’t think he could make it through the rest of the day. As it turned out, though, Castiel caught his eye and made a silent gesture for him to stay as the rest of the class filed out. Dean made it seem as though he was gathering his things, preventing any questions until eventually the class was empty. Dean sighed in relief and relaxed back into the seat, taking a moment to gather himself.
“Heard a fair bit about you. Might as well come in and join the search party.” Dean commented as he led the group back into the living room. “I’m Dean, by the way. I’m Cas’.... friend.”
“Oh, you didn’t do anything at first, Castiel. But you, your kind-“ Here he sneered menacingly. “Shouldn’t be allowed to exist. I would have overlooked it, just this once - but then you went and cost me a job. That wasn’t very nice, now was it?”
Dean just shrugged, his head dropping down slightly. “What’s the point? I have to face him again sooner or later. He won’t leave.”
Dean snorted at this in disbelief. Part of him didn’t want to reveal that yeah, he was struggling – but it was a bit late for that, he supposed. The other part of him knew that yes, other people had depression and anxiety, and they coped amazingly well. He didn’t see anyone else having episodes around the office. And he was sure that if anyone he knew struggled with mental illness, they handled it a hell of a lot better than he did.
Even after the hospital had released him, he’d chosen to keep seeing Missouri. As much as he had put up a fight before, he’d realised that talking about this stuff really was helpful. And Missouri just had a way of making him feel comfortable, making him feel as though he was talking to a friend, not a shrink.
As he heard the footsteps stomping closer he shot to his feet, standing back against the wall and wringing his hands together nervously. They were coming closer, and he would be found out any moment now.
“I could have been here for you.” His brother answered guiltily.
Sam just shrugged, shooting him a slightly confused expression. Charlie stepped back and glared at him, her hands on her hips. It reminded Dean that she could be incredibly terrifying at times, and he shrunk back, feeling guilty though not sure why.
“No.” Castiel answered honestly, sniffling and rubbing at red eyes. “But I will be. I think. I’m sorry, Dean.”
“Cas.” Dean growled, his hips bucking against the not close enough touch.
As for Cas, yea I know he would never just abandon Dean in that cruel way, but in this outcome there is a reason behind it, so keep that in mind and try not to hate him. Too much, anyway.
Need. He said need, not want. He felt a momentary flash of worry at his use of the word, but it disappeared at the sight of the smile that lit Dean’s face up.
“Dean…” Castiel wet his lips with a flick of his tongue, then took a breath before bringing his eyes back up to meet Dean’s. “I know, this is still new, and I don’t want to rush anything. But we work so well together, and Claire loves you very much. I trust you and… If you want to say no, I’ll understand but… Would you like to… move in with me?”
“Well, this.” Dean laughed, gesturing around them. When Castiel tilted his head in confusion, Dean frowned. “You know, the handy man stuff? What I’m doing next door?”
Castiel groaned as he dropped the keys at his feet, his third attempt at slotting the key into the door lock failing miserably. He dropped his forehead against the door and let his eyes close, allowing himself to feel the exhaustion for just a moment. Twelve hours he’d been on his feet, working overtime at the gas station. His body clock screamed that it was incredibly late, being five pm, and to top it off he had to be back for his usual four am shift the next day. He wasn’t forced to do the extra hours - but when one of his colleagues couldn’t make it, Castiel saw an opportunity to add to his DIY fund and quickly volunteered to cover until someone else could come in.
Ten more steps, maybe?
“Dean... How are you holding up? And I mean really-“ At this, Sam narrowed his eyes, giving him a severe look. “None of that ‘I’m fine’ crap. Not anymore.”
Either way, that night when he was back at the bunker, despite his impressive collection of porn he found it hard to get off. At least, until he imagined the way Cas’ ass looked in those jeans, the way his body had felt pressed against his - when he got to the way his breath had tickled over his ear he’d lost it, the orgasm slamming into him without warning. He’d had to clamp his own hand over his mouth to stifle the moans that spilled from his lips.
Turned out, Naomi had been embezzling company funds while coercing the contractors to keep their mouth shut under the promise of sexual favours. The contractors were blackmailed into signing that they were receiving twice the money that they were actually paid; Naomi had coerced them into a relationship then held it over them, threatening to file claims of rape if they refused.
“Oh.” Castiel started when he had finished his sandwich. “I heard Sam laughing before, what was that about?”
“Jesus.. Cas... I-if you don’t... don’t slow down.” Dean gritted out, the words punctuated by needy, desperate moans. “I’m not gonna... last long..”
“Yes. It helps organise my day, and it makes me feel safe, I suppose.” Cas replied, leaning back in the chair so that Gabriel could see the list better.
“Okay… so what’s the catch?” Dean asked, gathering from Sam’s chipper tone that there was one.
for chuck’s sake.
Dean grinned and, with a nervous chuckle, pressed the button for the ground floor. He couldn’t help smiling to himself as he caught the radiant expression on Castiel’s face. Maybe Castiel really was an okay guy, and his first impression was way off. He was starting to doubt his idea that the guy was an alcoholic, too. But the little incident that had played out had him worried, and he pondered on it as he left on his errands.
“I’m sorry Dean, I was thinking. Do you really have to go?” Castiel flushed as soon as the words were out - that was meant to be a thought.
He really hadn’t driven all that far. He’d gotten about twenty minutes away before he’d needed to pull over, and found the well placed parking lot. He imagined it was busy during the day, but right now it was empty, and he was enjoying the quiet as he stared out over the city. He wondered how many people were out clubbing with friends, having fun, being human. Not him, though.
“Sam,” Castiel sighed as he sat down with his cup of coffee. “I don’t think it ever stopped. When it happened, he was... terrified. I’ve come to know Dean as the strongest, most amazing man I have ever met. But when he faced that, he- well, he was still a child. And I imagine he felt like he couldn’t fight back, like he was powerless. I sent for help, because I don’t think Dean would have. He told me that when he asked for help before, the police blamed him instead.”
As he touched the edge of the cloth, he felt a hard circle in the arch of his back, and froze.
He took a breath and continued staring down at his hands, feeling the tears spill over. Now that he’d started to talk, he couldn’t seem to stop.
Dean looked at him sharply, eyebrows coming together in confusion.
Dean sighed and nodded, putting his brownie down. There was no use trying to avoid things around Missouri, he had learned that fairly quickly. She’d dragged some of his darkest moments out of him, carefully and patiently, but with her no nonsense attitude.
Castiel’s gaze softened  in response to his words, and Dean couldn’t help it. He leaned forward slightly, his eyes flicking between Castiel’s, seeking out any sign of doubt. But he found no doubt in Castiel’s eyes, only kindness, and so he carefully pressed closer, shivering slightly as he felt Castiel’s breath on his lips.
“I know. I know. I just...” He cut off with a sigh, shaking his head. “I’ll be fine.”
Damn. He was dead, for sure. The angel was going to absolutely wreck him, he knew it. Still, he had no legitimate reason to refuse in front of the others - so he shifted closer until finally the blanket covered them both properly, which just happened to be so close their legs and shoulders were touching.
“Dean, I have never heard anyone enjoy food so much. With those sounds, you could do a voiceover for a porn video.” Castiel commented.
“Asleep? But it’s-“ There was a slight scuffling sound through the phone. “Oh. Right. Sorry. Wait, um, who’s this then?”
“Fine. Fine.” Dean grunted, giving in.
Dean’s insides flooded with cold, eyes mirroring a deer in headlights. Good Chuck, Sam must have guessed his musings on Cas and was about to call him out on it-
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“Well.” Dean finally spoke, reaching up to card fingers through his hair. “That was different.”
“Did you... Did you put music on?”
Dean nodded slowly, staring at Castiel still, searching his eyes for some kind of answer as to why he was still willing to help, still putting up with Dean and his faults. Castiel smiled slightly and tilted his head as he watched Dean, then raised a hand to gently rest on his cheek. Dean closed his eyes with a soft sigh, tilting his head into Castiel’s hand.
“He shouldn’t be having coffee just yet.” The doctor said in a disapproving tone.
And yet, he was also the one to place his hand lightly on the small of Dean’s back as they walked down the hallway quietly together. It didn’t last long – he seemed to realise what he was doing and hastily pulled his hand away, but the warmth where his hand had been lasted long enough for Dean to feel conflicted by it, and more confused than before. The only thing he could think of was that he was right - Castiel knew how broken he was and knew that he was no good, so was trying not to get too close.
“Yeah, so?”
“I - yeah, I’m fine...” Dean searched his panic stricken face. “Are you?”
“Shit. Cas, wake up!” Dean tried to turn to face the man, who grumbled again. “Come on, Cas, you gotta get up! It’s morning!”
Dean barely waited for her to answer before he ended the call and dropped the phone on the couch beside him. He dropped his head back on the cushions and sighed to himself. Everyone wanted him to see a shrink, and for what? A shrink would just write him off and lock him up.
Dean took in his surroundings - he noticed he was in a small, but relatively dense copse of trees on the edge of the town. It was an area with little manoeuvrability, yet plenty of places to stay out of sight. It would be a perfect point to stage an ambush... All he had to do was lure the angel in.
“Who am I?! I’ll tell you, I’m the poor bastard trying to get some sleep while you carry on louder than a truck parade in here!”
“No. But it wasn’t hard to figure out.”
“Door-“ Dean gasped between kisses, while trying to pull the man closer.
Humming in the post orgasm bliss, they wrapped around each other, falling into an easy sleep together. The morning would bring something new, but for now this was all that mattered.
Things seem different, and Dean can't figure out how to fix it.
But something reared it’s head in his mind, whispering
Dean bit his bottom lip hard, causing him to cry out with the fine pain and pleasure combination. He felt something slide around his wrists and tighten, instantly recognising the feel of his own belt. His wrists were secured to the bed head - loose enough that if he tried, he could get free. He didn’t try.
“We weren’t on the - ah - best of terms, then...” Castiel trailed off, a blush creeping up his neck at the memory of that particular night.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
The professor suddenly looked up and caught him watching, and Dean could swear there was something unearthly about those eyes. They were a vibrant blue, a hue that shouldn’t be legal, yes – but it was the way the man’s eyes seemed to stare straight into him, like someone finally
“Uh.. right, yeah.” Dean sat up, wiping his hands across his face. “Sorry ‘bout that.”
The first time it happened, he’d taken his first difficult call – the client was screaming at him and calling him a useless piece of shit, because he was taking too long to do something simple. He remembered the client demanding to speak to his manager – and when he had passed the call over, he’d broken down. He remembered not being able to breathe, feeling like he was in terrible danger – then he’d passed out. He’d woken up not long after, with his supervisor at the time slapping his face and yelling at him, calling him stupid and useless.
Dean thought about it. This sounded like the path to some weird fifty shades stuff, but he supposed there was no harm in trying. And he didn’t think Castiel would use it in a bad way. It sounded like he really wanted to help, and thought this was a way to do that, for whatever reason. Still, he couldn’t help voicing his thoughts, even though he felt uncomfortable doing so.
“Oh?” Dean frowned, rubbing the back of his neck again.
“Cas?”
“Ca-Castiel.”
He’d gone to wipe his cheek with the wrong hand, jolted his hand and finger, and now his hand flared up with pain. Automatically, he moved to hold the hand close to his body, but Castiel stopped him. The professor grabbed his wrist, gently pulling his hand away from his body and holding it still.
“It’s amazing.” Castiel repeated, then went back for more.
Dean seemed to understand, though, shooting him a soft smile. “I know. It’s cool.”
Castiel sat back in the couch, sipping the remnants of his coffee. He frowned as he recalled his previous confrontation with Dean - whether he liked the man or not, he’d had enough rest to realise that his words were callous and cruel. He didn’t usually behave like that - in fact, from the moment he met the man, he’d been behaving in a way that entirely contradicted the way he tried to conduct himself.
:::::::::::::
“Oh. Cool.” Dean answered quietly, not sure what else to say.
Then he heard it. The small noise that had been bugging the back of his mind without his fully realising for the past hour. Someone was using a drill, probably something high powered judging by how easily he could hear it, now that he had noticed. Castiel shot up, eyes flashing with irrational anger, knowing exactly who that someone would be.
2 - Ten minutes to find starting positions.
“Man, I called you three times. You might have been
Ah. The vanilla scent, coming from the diffuser on his bedside table. His breathing had evened out by this point - his mind was no longer disoriented, and he sighed softly to himself as he came back around. Everything was clear again - where he was, when it was, and who he was with.
“Don’t be such a baby.” Sam told him impatiently and grabbed for the hand again.
“You can’t do this.” Michael stated, looking fit to burst with rage. “I am the head of this family, you cannot do this!”
He had told people before, and they had reacted badly. He’d learnt not to let anyone in, but with Dean he felt safe. With Dean’s next words, that feeling was justified.
“Sure, I’ll have whatever you’ve got. I’ll just do this first.”
Castiel rattled off the address, along with directions of how to get into the underground parking.
Dean just shook his head, smiling to himself. He would have to get Castiel to learn slang somehow, or at least understand it.
“And how the hell do you propose I do that?”
“Don’t.. Dean, please don’t stop.”
Then Cas was pressing inside him, and all thought left his mind in a haze of pleasure. The burn was disconcerting, however it somehow added to the pleasure as Cas moved gently, incrementally, until he finally, finally bottomed out, drawing a throaty groan from both of them.
“You and I both.” Castiel answered, dropping a kiss on the top of Dean’s head that warmed him. “But I can’t imagine what my life would be like, had I not met you. You are everything to me, Dean. I hope you know that.”
For a terrifying moment, Cas pulled away from him. Dean froze, staring into deep blue eyes, desperately waiting for something, anything, that was not a rejection to his plea.
Bobby paused, glancing down at Dean. He could see the way Dean’s head nodded minutely against the Officer’s shoulder, giving him permission.
The rest of the day went pretty smoothly for Dean. He concentrated well enough on his work and put the effort into learning what Castiel was teaching. There were a few times he noticed a mistake and started to beat himself up about it – but every time he remembered his instruction and used his beads, telling himself it was okay to make mistakes. He didn’t know if he believed it or not, but it didn’t matter. Because Castiel believed it.
“I know.” Dean mumbled, trying to hold back tears. “Let’s just... We’ll do it your way. And no talking about, you know... possibilities. We’re going to find him, we’re going to get him out, and he’s gonna be fine.”
“Thought I’d beat that out of you, boy. Do I have to do it again?” John shook him when he didn’t answer. “Well?! I won’t have a fairy as a son, so what will it be!”
“So, am I going to be in debt for twenty years, or fifty?” Castiel joked.
“Dean!” Sam’s hushed but angry voice snapped him back to reality. “Seriously, why are you so pissed at him?”
“Don’t you dare,” Dean growled, then groaned out again as he slammed down even harder, if that were possible. “Don’t you stop.. Gonna come...”
“Michael.” He muttered, the colour draining from his face.
The professor started the day by getting them to set intentions – what they intended to do today, in terms of attitude and commitment – then reiterated his rules and continued the training with no further mention of it. It was odd, Dean thought, but it was calming as well. Castiel had asked for simple intentions, things just for them that they didn’t need to share with the class. Dean had decided his was to be present and engaged for the day, and being able to meet his goal made him feel like he had achieved something for the day.
He had started off telling her about the most recent events – what had happened to put him on that parking lot roof top, all about Castiel, and then about his relationships with Sam and Charlie. She challenged all of his self-depreciating thoughts in a way that made him actually challenge the truth of them. She made him think about what he was doing to himself, instead of just thinking about how he was affecting the people around him. She talked about his episodes in a way that he didn’t feel any less of a person or judged for experiencing them the way he did.
“Yeah. Yeah, a few people are coming over.” Dean answered, sighing through his fingers. “His manager, and a friend of his. And Mr. Jackson, the apartment manager, he’s gonna review the cameras.”
Ten minutes later they were sitting on a park bench, watching the little creek as it rippled over the rocks. They both held a coffee, and Castiel had asked for his breakfast in a to-go bag that he had set on the bench beside him. They were sitting in silence, seeming that one was waiting for the other to speak. Finally, Dean spoke first.
“What do you mean he didn’t want to discuss it?” Sam asked, and he looked angry. “Dean, it takes two to tango. He’s also in a position of authority. He has a responsibility to discuss it with you and work things out.”
Okay, so obviously the two knew each other... somehow. There was a story there, but Castiel recognised that now was not the time and stayed back, watching the scene unfold. He glanced out the door quickly, noticing that John was cuffed on the ground, a blonde female officer with long hair and a terrifying look on her face standing with her foot on his back. He’d be lying if he said that it didn’t bring a smile to his face.
“Dean. Breathe. Just breathe with me.”
Comments make my heart fluffy :)
“Oh come on, Mike. It can’t hurt for him to see it in black and white. Now, let’s see...” Gabriel made a show of searching the will, frowning as he read through it. “Oh... That’s odd. This clause here, about the inheritance, it says-”
Dean blinked, feeling the weight of hands on his shoulders. He stared into blue eyes as his eyes came back into focus. He realised that he’d been staring at nothing, zoned out while his thoughts started to spiral, and he’d sat there for long enough for Castiel to notice. The man was sitting on Dean’s desk, holding both of his shoulders, and staring at him with concern. But as Dean focused on him, his face changed to a soft smile, and he dropped his hands from Dean’s shoulders.
Castiel glanced up at Dean over the top of his journal, who was tapping out a reply text while glaring at his phone screen. Gabriel, who was sitting beside Cas, made an affirmative sound and went back to - well, whatever he was doing on the laptop. He glanced up at the time - twenty minutes past three - and sighed softly to himself, as he added ‘Benny’ to the note in his journal regarding their meeting.
Finally, finally Dean managed to let out a soft grunt. The voices stopped for a moment. Then someone was by his side, holding his hand, pulling something – a blanket, maybe – over him gently.
“Where did you go?” Dean asked quietly.
“Yeah, I thought as much. Let me grab you some brownies.” She told him and went to the little bar fridge in the corner of her office.
Dean frowned slightly, looking at Castiel. He did study most nights, but he thought that was a good thing? Still, he listened.
“I…” Castiel stopped, a confused look appearing on his face.
“I can’t be sure, I’ve just met the guy after all, but I don’t think he really minds. You seem to be, ah.. pretty close.”
Castiel frowned slightly, then he heard the reason that Dean had broken off. Someone was jiggling the door knob outside, as though they had tried to walk in without realising it was locked. In the quiet of the apartment, it was loud, as was the sound of keys jangling.
“Yep. Nobody’s seen or heard from him.” Dean sighed and sat on the couch, dropping his head in his hands.
“Come with me, please.” Naomi told him briskly, then turned away.
“Sorry, I shoulda warned you.” Dean said softly, shrugging one shoulder. “I didn’t think about it.”
Dean blinked in confusion, rubbed his eyes, then blinked again. “....Sammy?”
He really should do something, say something to stop this before it went too far. They were in public, and this was Cas, and surely the angel was just reacting to adrenaline, so they definately needed to-
“No. No, I can’t. He hurt me, and I tried to talk to him, and he shut me out. Why is he doing this now? Why not when I needed him?”
Thanks for reading xx
“Hm?”
4 - No team advantage - every man for himself and contact between players should not be amicable unless temporary cease fire called.
“Amateur.” Charlie commented, rolling her eyes as she leant over Gabriel’s shoulder and moved his hands away so she could type on the keyboard. “I’ll crack this in five minutes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean just nodded woodenly and watched as Castiel left the room, and his life. He knew there would be no later – Castiel was just humouring him, saying what he had to, to get out of the situation. He’d been avoiding Dean for days – why would that suddenly change in the space of two minutes? It hadn’t, Dean was sure. Castiel would probably never speak to him again. Why should he, after all?
“I know! I just - I didn’t plan it - it wasn’t meant to go this far!” Castiel snapped.
Dean listened to the footsteps as they drew closer to his hiding place, holding his breath - and they continued straight past him and further into the trees. Dean stayed where he was for a moment - he wasn’t going to ambush the angel just yet, rather give him some time to let his guard down.
“Hmph. Well, there’d better be food and coffee for me too.” Sam grumbled, peering around him to check.
“Son of a bitch!”
“He’s just unconscious.” Charlie told him, checking his heart rate on her phone. “But we’ve got to get him out of here. We have enough in here to make a stretcher to carry him...”
He’d tried. He’d fought so damn hard to get the woman out, to save her, but she kept fighting as he’d tried to lift her off the floor. It was only when she had managed to push him away that she’d been able to show him what she’d been protecting. She’d pushed the small bundle into his hands, and passed out.
“Hello, Dean. I’m Castiel, and I would love to have breakfast with you tomorrow.”
(See the end of the chapter for
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Dean smiled slightly and nodded.
“How are you feeling now?” Castiel asked gently.
“Just be gentle. We’ll be fine.” He dropped his hand to Dean’s hip, pulling the man back to him so their bodies were flush.
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
The next two days passed a lot easier than the three before. The two men hadn’t exactly struck a friendship - in fact, every time they encountered each other in the hall, the two barely gave a mumbled greeting and avoided eye contact. Despite that, however, Castiel had noticed that the noise tended to stop around seven each night. It wasn’t a perfect situation, given his work hours, but it was liveable. Castiel felt a slight thrill at the realisation that Dean had taken his ranting seriously and was making an honest effort.
Charlie stared at him silently, obviously waiting for him to continue. Dean sighed softly, and Charlie picked up on it, immediately shaking her head.
Dean opened his eyes and glanced across at Castiel with confusion - then he followed the man’s gaze to his own chest, where there were dark, teeth shaped bruises marking a trail down his chest. Suddenly Dean started laughing, his head dropping back on the floor, staring at the ceiling as his chest shook with laughter. After a few seconds Castiel started laughing too, and they both dissolved into hysterics, lying on the cold floor, covered in sawdust, come and sweat.
Castiel was growing more confused by the second.
“- I’m not telling you anything. It’s Dean’s business, not mine.” She didn’t sound angry, but certainly her whispers held a certain level of steel. “But I’m warning you now. If you’re playing games with him just stop. Don’t pretend to care. Dean takes things pretty deep and if you fuck him over, he’s gonna blame himself and end up in a real bad place.”
“Okay, maybe
They all nodded, that was straightforward enough.
“Charlie Bradbury?” Bobby asked quickly, and Dean nodded in response. “Mm. She’s good people. We’ll get some more information out of her. Hey, Harvelle! That pizza on it’s way yet?” Bobby called out, glancing over the back of the couch with a grin.
Castiel held his hands up in surrender, but the amused grin lingered for a few more moments. Dean grinned back and he felt the tension since the moment previously starting to dissipate. It wasn’t much, but it gave him hope that he could salvage this.
“Taken. We’ve been trying to find him, but-“ Dean sighed, throwing his hands up in the air in frustration. “We can’t get an exact location.
“For what?” Dean huffed lightly, though he smiled as he spoke. “I ain’t done much with my life.”
That was all it took for Castiel to honest-to-god scream, his cock pulsing against Dean’s as the first stream of come shot out, covering them both. Some hidden instinct made Castiel surge forward and bite down hard on Dean’s neck, muffling his scream as his orgasm wracked his body. The bite sent Dean tumbling over and Castiel melted into the waves of pleasure, listening to the man groaning out a string of curses. Several streams of come joined with Castiel’s as the man gasped out his name, melting weakly against him.
Dean didn’t acknowledge them yet. He dropped his eyes to the box in his hands. Castiel hadn’t even waited for him to open it, which was odd. He opened it now, carefully, finding a book inside. Letting go, by David Hawkins. He frowned at the book, then opened the cover.
Cas was confused by the last statement for a few moments, which he would later blame on trauma. It didn’t take long for the dread to settle in the pit of his stomach however, as he watched Gabriel glance up at Dean with a gleam in his eye. Worse, was the slow smirk that spread across Dean’s face as he stared back, apparently having a silent conversation. He glanced to Sam for help - but it was too late, judging by a similar smirk on Sam’s face as he glanced back down at the laptop.
He focused as much as he could, trying to be aware of his breathing and finally, managing to start to slow it down. He kept his hands where they were, the warmth and firmness of Castiel grounding him somewhat.
“Does it hurt?” Cas pulled his head back, meeting Dean’s lust filled gaze with his worried one.
Dean nodded slightly, his arms wrapped tight around Castiel as he matched his breathing to his boyfriend’s. It was almost instinctual now, the way that Castiel would ground him and bring him back into the moment, settling his breathing before he even started to panic.
“So what happened, then?” Sam asked, and Dean clung to the slight hope in his brothers’ voice.
“I bet..”
The grin fell off his face as he talked, leaving him staring at the other two with with a mixture of sadness and hope. Castiel, for his part, thought deeply about the comment. He decided quickly that he planned to do everything within his power to ensure that didn’t happen, this time.
Half way through the rant, John reached out and grabbed the front of Dean’s shirt, curling the material tight in his fist as he pulled his son right to him. By the end of the rant, he was yelling at Dean, his free hand clenched into a fist by his side. Castiel watched in horror as Dean’s shoulders dropped, all the fight going out of him in a way he’d never expected. Why would Dean give up now? But John wasn’t finished, despite the horrible things he’d already said.
“If you’re about to tell me Castiel stayed the night, I already know.” Sam told him grumpily as he moved past Dean, helping himself to the extra food and a cup of the freshly brewed coffee. “Speaking of, next time you bring someone home, think you can keep the noise down? What I heard last night were things I do not ever want to hear from my brother again.”
“Cas…”
“It’s alright, Cas. I got you.”
It was like a bucket of cold water had been thrown over him and he gasped as he shot up to a sitting position. He heard a sudden clatter of something falling to the floor, but ignored it, caught in the sudden panic. His professor – Castiel – what had happened? Dean’s memories were fuzzy but he had a feeling that Castiel had been there when he freaked out and broke down. His mind spun, wondering what the man would think of him now. Sure, he’d known this morning that Dean was not okay, but having a complete breakdown was way out of line.
Dean woke slowly on Saturday morning.
Dean felt his chest constrict in sympathy. Gabriel had shown up here with no idea that his brother had been taken, and that this was a rescue mission. He could only imagine how he would feel if someone took Sam. With that thought in mind, he grabbed onto Gabriel’s shoulder and dragged him to the kitchen, shooting the others a look that begged for privacy.
“Paintball guns.” Dean echoed, gazing at Sam with a what-the-hell look. “Is this another of your brainiac ideas like skating?”
Looking up, he realised it was quickly getting dark. Sundown.
“Dean, I hate it when you say things like that.” Sam frowned. “Seriously. You’re so much more than you think of yourself, and we all just wish you could see it.”
“Wait - you think I’m pissed at Cas?” Now he was just confused.
A particularly hard press of Dean’s tongue brought him back to himself, and he started slowly thrusting into Dean’s throat, using his grip to pull Dean’s head up and down. He could feel his climax approaching, the coil of heat winding tighter in his abdomen as he tried to hold it back.
“Well, I did raise her to stand up for herself.” Castiel answered quietly, but there was a slight grin on his face. “Come on, there’s still half an hour of this party to go.”
“Maybe he wants to talk about what happened?” Missouri shrugged her shoulders lightly, but Dean was already shaking his head.
The next thing any of them knew, Sam had crossed the distance in long strides and swept Dean up into a strong embrace. Castiel couldn’t help a soft chuckle as he watched the brothers greet each other with massive hugs and excited talking. Knowing what Dean was like in the mornings, he went to the kitchen and started another pot of coffee. He knew to hand Dean caffeine before the excitement wore off and grumpiness set back in.
“I’m here. I’ve got you.” Castiel answered quietly, his voice rumbling through Dean’s chest.
“I know you don’t wanna hear it boy, but we need to be realistic here. It’s the best chance we got of saving him.”
“Dean?”
“But you did. You did, and I’m here.”
“Mm..” Castiel grunted in response, rolling his hips against Dean’s in a way that had him moaning out Cas’ name.
Sam finally let Dean and Castiel go and took a step back, though the smile didn’t fade from his face as he stared between the two of them before he shot a sideways grin at the lawyer.
“Oh.”
“Come on in, Dean. It’s been a bad day again, hasn’t it sugar?”
“Fuck Cas, that’s hot- wanna see you-“
“But Cas,” Dean started, “It’s your day off, man. You’re s’posed to relax.”
“Sam? What’s-”
He moved closer, carefully manoeuvring himself into a position where he could guide Cas’ arms. As it turned out he ended up to Cas’ left side, knees practically straddling the angel’s leg so that he had the reach to lay his arms over the top of his. He felt a shock run through the other male’s body as his hands layered over the top of Cas’ and tried to ignore it, holding barely an inch between their bodies.
“I’m… I’m sorry. It stops the pain, the thoughts, everything. I just… It was an accident, the first time, and now I just…” He paused and sniffed, the tears running freely down his cheeks.
“Gabriel... Can I have a minute alone with Dean?”
He straightened now, and he was pulling a bracelet off his wrist. It was weird, kind of like a rope with large wooden beads tied onto it, spaced slightly apart. Dean wondered briefly if the guy was religious – they were like huge prayer beads, and the way Castiel was running them through his fingers was like he was counting them, or praying.
“That’s better. Now stay still, for fuck’s sake.”
“I’m just gonna go sit down. You mind bringing that over?” Dean pointed to the booth, trying to avoid Jo’s eye.
Still, the cause of his insomnia was not the uncomfortable bed, nor the light that slivered through a broken blind on his bedroom window. It was a person -
“Nah, all good. You were tired after our late night drinking and playing games.”
“Yeah, well, not going to a hospital. Thanks, Sammy.” Dean made to get off the bed, then stopped. Sam was just staring at him with a soft smile. “What?”
“A new work friend?” Sam looked up from the paper he was reading.
“I would not invade your privacy like that, Dean.”
“Very good.” Benny released his shoulders and gave him a patronising pat on the head. “Now Charlie, if you will?”
“May I come in?” Castiel’s voice came from the doorway.
So began a game of cat and mouse. Dean would draw close to the angel, reaching out to tag him - then Castiel would suddenly veer to the side, laughing as Dean careened past him, making him do an entire lap to catch up again. They had an unspoken rule not to skate back, following the counter-clockwise rotation that the rink rules defined.
Castiel glanced at the item in Uriel’s hands - a length of rope, the ends twisted around each fist, leaving a foot or so of rope held taut between his hands. The man moved around, then behind him, leaving Castiel puzzled as to this next form of torture.
Castiel’s thumbs stilled on the back of Dean’s hands for a moment, seemingly in response to his actions. He tensed for a moment, wondering if he had done something wrong – then relaxed as the rubbing over the back of his hands resumed, and Castiel spoke again.
“No kidding,” Charlie agreed. “That’s weird, though. When I talked to him he really seemed to care about you. Like, care care.”
“Thank you. You may go, and I expect to find you here tomorrow on time, and ready to learn.” Castiel dismissed them, and returned to his desk at the front.
“Nobody, it’s nobody. You wouldn’t know them..”
Excitement was coursing through his body, certainly made obvious as his cock sprang free from it’s restraints, hanging proud and heavy. The restraint he had always practiced seemed to have died with his desperation, along with the protests he had been forming in his mind.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“You’re going to teach him how to skate.”
Once he had settled to almost normal, he pulled away from Dean slightly and turned around to face him. He glanced over his face, noticing with a sad frown how the skin around his eye was already swelling and darkening. He had a split lip as well, and the blood was still slowly trickling from it.
“Just... Playing... Getting ready... wanted you...” Dean murmured disjointedly, his mind refusing to make proper sentences.
”Why are you doing this?” His heart rate was picking up, his breath coming faster. “You can stop this. Just leave me. I won’t tell anyone.”
“Dude you don’t gotta do that, I can do it.” Dean protested briefly.
“Yes... Bobby.” Castiel amended with a sheepish grin.
Dean looked at Castiel, really looked at him, for just a moment. The determination on his face was something amazing to see, and yet Dean could still see the undercurrent of worry and possibly even fear beneath it. It made him lo- like Castiel just that little bit more, and remember just how drawn to him he really was
“Yeah yeah, fine. Bye.”
More than once Dean turned from his finished reading or quiz to find Castiel sitting beside him, leaning forward on his little stool. When Dean looked up, Castiel would smile and nod slightly, then be on his way.
“But… you and Bobby love each other.” Dean frowned, surprised. Sure, he’d seen them banter, but he never realised they actually fought, and he wasn’t sure what to think of that information. “Why are you telling me this?”
“Your brother still doesn’t want me around.” It wasn’t a question, and Dean hated the sadness he could see on Castiel’s face. “I hope he can forgive me one day, but I also completely understand his feelings on the matter. He’s just trying to protect you.”
“Would he do that?” Sam asked with a frown.
“I’m sorry, what? Not your choice?” Dean laughed bitterly, shaking his head. “What, did someone else write that letter? Someone else reject my calls?”
Castiel sobbed in the empty room, trying not to move. Moving brought pain. Uriel had left awhile ago, though he had no idea how long it had really been. Maybe the man had lost interest and left him to die slowly, alone in this chair. That, he thought, was possibly the best outcome he could imagine.
Dean, however, had moved over to check the corner so fast Cas could have sworn he was capable of flying. The man had a slight flush to his cheeks and as he glanced at the angel, he could have sworn there was a knowing glint to the angel’s eyes. Cas appraised him with his eyes, enjoying the sight of Dean less-than-confident.
A small voice inside him whispered, which he ignored. Of course. Because nothing was ever that straight-cut for Dean Winchester.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas stared at his best friend, slightly surprised by the vehemence in her voice as she fixed the dark blue tie, tucking it under the vest he wore. He’d chosen traditional black suit, and white shirt, though he had decided against a suit jacket. Instead he wore a buttoned vest, and admittedly he liked the look.
Sam’s voice was loud in the small café as he flung the door open and stepped in, a huge smile on his face as he spotted Dean and Castiel. He rushed over, leaning over the table to pull them both into a crushing hug.
“Come on man, wake up! You gotta get home, Claire-“
“You know, when I pleasured you yesterday, it was so hard.. So hard not to fuck you right there.”
“How are you feeling?” Castiel asked him.
He let his good eye slide closed, wishing that he would simply go to sleep and not wake up again.
He bit into the brownie, groaning as the chocolatey taste hit his tongue. They were damn good brownies, that was for sure.
, dammit. What the hell was that? And yet, his body was responding to the light pain, fire running through his nerves as his cock twitched hungrily, hips rolling forward of their own accord.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
Castiel blinked in shock, about to defend himself and tell the man that no, he wasn’t drunk, he had been working - then anger seeped through, along with the realisation of what the man had said about staying awhile. He knew it was irrational, but exhaustion made his temper flare, and before he knew it he was standing straighter and glowering at the man, eyes shining dangerously.
“It’s always been you.” He repeated.
“You cost me a job, fairy.” Uriel growled, taking a step closer. “That’s going to cost you. Now that I know where you live, it will come when you least expect it. But it will come. Every shadow, every strange sound - that could be me, Castiel, coming to exact my revenge.”
“Ah. Yes, Ms. Alderton?” Castiel asked.
As the pain washed over his senses, orgasm reached up to claim him, a scream falling from his lips as his cock spurted hot streams of come over both Cas’ chest and his own. He felt Cas pulse inside of him and cry out his name, bringing with it a feeling unlike anything he’d ever experienced, prolonging his orgasm.
“Oh my god.” Charlie breathed, her eyes wide. “That’s so cute!”
Castiel was stunned. From what Charlie was saying, and from the calculations in his head...
“I don’t plan to, ma.”
Dean cleaned himself off - again - then finished his shower and headed back into his room to dress. The whole time he focused on completely ignoring the confusing, accusing thoughts running through his head.
“Shit.”
“So, how long have you and Dean been, uh.. Friends?” Sam asked as Castiel poured two cups of coffee.
“I just don’t know if it’s worth sacrificing time for stealth!” Dean snapped back, then pursed his lips. “Why can’t we just storm the place?”
“Nothing bad, I guess. Jodes gave me the rest of the week off, and signed me up for some training thing. Starts on Monday, goes for two weeks. Gave me another pamphlet for the counselling crap they offer and tried to convince me to do it again.”
Dean led the angel to the pool tables and, after fiddling with the machine, racked up a new game. He set to explaining the basic rules of pool while he picked out the best looking cue from the wall, passing it to Cas. He showed him how to chalk the end and, god damn if the Angel didn’t make it look somewhat sexual. Perhaps this wasn’t such a good idea.
Castiel gave him a look, that same one that meant he knew Dean was about to lie and was asking him not to. Finally, Dean shook his head, though he felt bad for doing it. He rarely ate anything before lunch, but he had been willing to today. He knew the professor ate in the mornings and felt bad that he was about to stop him from eating, just to talk about Dean’s feelings and his breakdown the day before. But Castiel just smiled and got up from the table, making his way over to the counter.
The kiss broken, Castiel let his head thunk back against the wall, closing his eyes for a moment. He hissed as he felt the man bite down on his throat, the line between pain and pleasure shattering as the man sucked a bruise into his skin roughly. The rational part of his mind told him to push the man away, but his hands were moving, ripping the man’s shirt up and over his head with a desperation he didn’t know he could feel.
“It’s too quiet.” Dean muttered quietly. “I don’t trust it. You’re sure he’s in there?”
“I do try. I’m just glad I can help you on occasion.” Castiel answered with a soft smile.
While the others carefully lowered their weapons to the floor, Dean shifted Castiel to hold him closer, burying his face in the man’s hair. His mind whirled - something about the way Uriel had spoken of the guys seemed off, but he couldn’t quite place why.
By the time he heard a soft knock on the door, he had just pulled bacon, egg and cheese breakfast muffins out of the oven. He left them on the counter to cool while he went to the door and welcomed Sam, leading him into the apartment.
“Samsquatch!” Gabriel crowed, throwing his arms around the taller man with glee. “Oh, what a pleasure to see you!”
“Dude, you alright?”
“Oh shit, Cas, I’m sorry-“ He started to blabber.
“Yeah, I can understand that.” Bobby huffed, though his face fell slightly. “That’s ‘cause his daddy threw me outta his life when he was fourteen.”
“Oh no. No you don’t, Dean Winchester. Don’t you get that look on your face.” Charlie told him, her stare a mixture of firm and concerned. “You cannot like this guy, I don’t care how nice he looks. You don’t need more stress right now.”
Castiel pulled away, bringing himself back up to hands and knees to hover over Dean. Green eyes snapped open to follow his movements, filled with desire but also questioning. Cas grinned impishly, dipping his head to kiss a line along the vee of his hips.
“Oh, Dean.” Charlie frowned then, out of nowhere, she jumped forward and hugged him.
“Of course.”
Someone nudged his shoulder, and he turned to see Sam standing beside him with a sympathetic face and a fresh cup coffee held out. He took the cup gratefully, sipping at it as he stared blankly ahead. He was dimly aware of Sam’s comforting arm moving to rest lightly over his shoulders.
“Yes.” Gabriel and Castiel replied at the same time.
They were sitting around a table now, nursing their drinks in relative quiet. Dean glanced across the table at Castiel, who was studying his whiskey and coke with intense interest. He’d shed his trench coat for the occasion, and was wearing a sleek, dark blue button up, sleeves carefully folded up to his elbows. The top two buttons were undone, and Dean grinned as he remembered teaching him that particular ‘fashion’.
“Nothing. Don’t worry about it.” Sam answered quickly, shaking his head. “Oh, I talked to Jody. She said she’ll try to pop in to see you, but don’t worry about work.”
“I dunno, man. I woke up, but then I couldn’t get out of bed. I had a… A bad dream, ‘bout one time I screwed up big.” Dean took a breath, trying to ignore the weight in his chest when he mentioned the dream. ‘I just kept thinking how many things I could screw up now.’
Dean and Castiel have barely acknowledged each other since their anger fueled encounter.
“Hey, Charles.” He answered quietly, opening his eyes. The room was… oddly dim. Only some of the lights had been turned on. “How long was I out?”
“Not at all.” The man smiled at him gently, and it lit up his face in a way that had Dean mesmerised. “I don’t mind. I just wasn’t expecting it. I have been called that name by friends, also, so please continue.”
“What do you want me to say, Sammy?” Dean hated the way his voice broke in the middle, and the way tears stung at his eyes. “I’m not fine? Well I’m not, man. I’m so freakin’ far from fine it ain’t funny.”
“I... Yeah, I think I’m ready. I just... I’m worried that you’ll...” Dean couldn’t say his feelings straight out, and he mentally kicked himself. Before he could dwell much on it, though, Castiel spoke again.
Sam grumbled as he helped Dean get down off the ladder, then lead him over to sit on the bed. He pulled on Dean’s arm until he relented and held his left hand out, shaking. Sam looked over it – it was already starting to bruise around his knuckle and index finger. And of course, Sam just had to poke it, which made Dean yell and push him away.
“Oh shit. Shit. Um. Hold that thought.” Dean stammered as he leapt up, holding out a hand to stay Castiel. “Um. Just stay here, don’t move. And don’t say anything. And... yeah.”
“Yeah? Well, sorry doesn’t just magically make it alright, man.” Dean crossed his arms, watching Castiel. Admittedly, he hadn’t expected the apology, but he wasn’t going to let the guy get away with it that easily.
“Only you could break your hand hammering in a nail.” Sam told him, getting up from the bed.
Finally Castiel felt the edge of the bed against the back of his knees but before he could react, Dean was throwing him back on the bed with practiced ease. As he watched Dean climb up to straddle him, whimpering with excitement. He could tell this was heading toward  angry, rage fuelled sex and it was going to be hard and fast.
“Yeah, that’s my brother.” Gabriel laughed, shaking his head. “Well girls, I’d better-“
“Yeah, your daddy lied to you, boy. I’d never have left you if I could help it. That’s why I became this, so I could protect other people and hopefully find you again. I thought I had no chance after you moved, and John kept everything quiet. But then your name came up in a report from an assault a few weeks ago - when the same address came up I made sure I was here.”
“Very.”
“I think we should speak to Sam.”
“Good. That’s good.” Castiel nodded again, then held out the box he was carrying to Dean. “I got you this. It’s not much, it’s just something that helped me. I hope it helps you too.”
Bobby gave them a quick, affirmative nod, then flicked the lock and swung the door open-
Finally the day ended, and for once Castiel did not claim a meeting – instead he sat at his desk grading the final papers that had been handed in, and Dean saw his opportunity. He approached the desk nervously, twisting his beads around his fingers. This was his last chance.
“Nah. He and Dad... well, they don’t see eye to eye.”
“What?” Cas started, confused eyes turning on Sam. “No, that, that wasn’t me at all.”
“Nobody really figured that out.” Sam laughed fondly. “The general idea seems to be, he was both.”
“Dean, this is not your fault.”
He hadn’t said anything - just took Dean’s hand and squeezed it gratefully, earning him a soft smile. That, he quickly discovered, was his favourite Dean-smile, and he realised he wanted to put it there more often. Much, much more often.\
“I think you’ve got that. Now skating is just lifting one foot after the other. When you put your right foot down, you push with your left before you lift it. And vice versa.”
His phone buzzed on the nightstand, pulling him away from the idea of the box and thoughts that had started to weigh him down. He glanced at the screen and smiled slightly as he read the
“Cas, no.” Dean started first, coming close to him. “I don’t want you any closer to this guy than you have to be. You’re still healing, besides.”
“Oh, you’re on!” He called, and sped after the angel.
He watched Dean build his burger and grinned slightly when absolutely no salad went near the buns. Dean was a meat, bacon and cheese guy, apparently. Castiel’s own burger had a little of everything, topped with a spicy barbeque sauce. As they began to eat, Castiel couldn’t help chuckling at the sounds of pleasure coming from Dean.
He fairly yelled the last part, desperately wiggling against Cas, and it had the desired effect. Cas’ breath hitched at his words, and he groaned deeply, pulling out a little before thrusting back in, hitting that bundle of nerves, repeating the action gently... But it wasn’t enough.
“No.”
- he could barely recall Sam telling him about hiring Benny back, or anything to do with the business. The whole thing had slipped his mind, truthfully - but Sam had taken over and handled it himself during the search for Cas. Later, when they were at the hospital, he’d caught Dean up on everything. The most urgent thing was the apartment Dean had been tasked with, which Sam had informed him was now finished and paid for, thanks to Benny. Thinking of Sam, he glanced around, only to find him in the process of being pounced on.
“We wanted to keep it a surprise.” Sam interjected, beaming at Cas. “I had a clause in the original business agreement that if Dad died or was imprisoned, all rights to the business passed completely to us. The paperwork has gone through, so it’s ours now. We got rid of the corrupt staff, and we had a few spots to fill - so Charlie is going to be the general manager. Dean says you’re pretty good with detail work, so you’ll be working with him. If, of course, you want to.”
And Dean, damn him, couldn’t get them both out. He couldn’t save Benny, who was stuck with a broken leg, and the woman who was unconscious. So he’d called for help through his radio, and dragged Benny out to safety with one hand, the bundle in the other arm.
“I really think you need to have this conversation with him in person.” He spoke gently this time.
“Case?” He mumbled tiredly. He hadn’t been sleeping well.
“Look, MAN,” He started, fingers making air quotes mockingly. “I live here, and if I want to stand in this hallway the entire night, I will do so. Your inability to conduct yourself in an appropriate manner will not dissuade me from entering my own apartment, which is all I was trying to do. If you have an issue with that, feel free to take it up with the manager of this apartment block, or leave. Your choice.”
“Don’t you be givin’ up, boy. We’ll find your man.” Bobby came and sat beside him. “‘Sides, sounds like we’re gettin’ some help lookin’ for him.”
“I will catch you, Dean. I will be here, I will support you, and I will catch you should you fall.” Castiel’s eyes stared into his, reminding him of the way that the man always seemed to see straight to his core. “I may be scared about what you will tell me, but I will not abandon you in this. Trust me, Dean.”
“Yes.” Castiel sounded pleased that he had recognised the tune. “It is one of my favourite songs.”
“There’s, um. A few people inside. We’ve kind of been crashing here while you were gone, and.. well, they wanted to be here when you got home. If it gets overwhelming, though, just say the word.”
“Oh, Dean.” Castiel finally looked up, and the guard over his eyes dropped. Finally, Dean could see the man he knew in those eyes, the one who cared. “I’m so sorry. I needed time and space, but-”
Dean just stared at him, green orbs swimming with both despair and understanding. It was obvious by the tension in his body, Dean wanted to argue, but he knew he had nothing. He knew Castiel was right, and it wasn’t sitting well with him. Trying to soothe him, Cas leaned in and gently pressed their lips together in a sweet, chaste kiss.
It seemed to last forever, both suspended in pleasure. Then suddenly it ended and they both went limp, shaking in each other’s arms as Dean collapsed on his chest.
Then Dean moved one of his hands to wrap around his cock, and somehow the warmth of his palm overwhelmed him and sent him tumbling over the edge, his back arching forward with the ecstasy. He heard Dean give a gutteral groan and he thrust once, twice more before his hands tightened and he pulled Castiel down onto him as his cock pulsed. Castiel moaned again as he felt Dean’s come flood his insides, setting off another wave of pleasure.
The following morning, Castiel was greeted with a pounding headache that instantly put him in a bad mood. He glared at his reflection as he shaved carefully, following an overly long and *relieving* shower. He muttered curses at his coffee machine, and pouted moodily as he sat on the couch to write a task list for the day. In his bad mood the night before, he had totally forgotten he had two days off work. Of course, that meant the washing could have waited - but then again it meant he could fit more in today. Within half an hour he had a carefully scheduled list compiled, every second of his day accounted for.
“Oh? You mean I’m allowed to have my bedroom back now?”
Castiel frowned again, anxiety settling in the pit of his stomach at Dean’s odd behaviour. The next second Dean was gone, and he heard the door open, followed by voices in the hallway. It sounded like Dean was trying to stop whoever it was, and not doing a particularly good job.
Just as quickly, everything changed, and he yelped as he felt a wet heat around his cock, setting off white lights behind his eyes as his mind spinned out of control. His hands shot down to grab hold of whatever it was, and he found himself gripping onto strands of hair as he gasped in deep breaths, trying to center himself.
“No kidding you didn’t hear me, but it’s more than that. Come on, dude, you looked like someone ran your dog over or something.” Charlie told him, then she stopped, a thoughtful expression on her face. “Is it Castiel? What did he do?”
“Strangely, I don’t doubt that you would.” Castiel commented.
Dean’s eyes flicked down to the list as he continued to eat breakfast. On one side was a schedule of everything they had done yesterday. Today’s date was less defined. There wasn’t a long list of items to do; instead, there was simply a line drawn from eight am to seven pm, with “Help Dean” scrawled in the middle.
“Dean!” He met Sam’s eyes, waiting for some lecture about not getting attached. “Be careful.”
Once he was finished, cleaned, and dressed again, he made his way out to the kitchen and glanced at the clock over the fridge. 9:20 – He’d taken ten minutes to shower, which meant he had five minutes before he needed to leave.
“I imagine it would have been. It’s been a long time since you drove that car of yours.” Missouri smiled at him. “Now, why don’t you tell me what happened today? I know when you’re stalling.”
“Um. Yeah, sure. Thanks.” Dean mumbled.
The statement, along with the mere fact that Castiel was refusing, shocked Michael into a momentary silence that Sam took complete advantage of.
“Seventeen or so. I was a bit of a troublemaker back home so I guess the cops just assumed my bruises were from fights I got into. Most of ‘em were, anyway.”
Dean whimpered, his hips bucking to thrust into Cas’ mouth. He could hold on, stay quiet, a little longer - until Cas pushed a second digit in, and found that spot inside him.
The grip on Castiel’s hair tightened and he was pulled back roughly, far enough that Dean’s lust blown eyes could glare into his, a desperation there that matched Castiel’s own. Castiel didn’t need to hear his words to confirm what he was asking - he could see in his eyes that Dean was absolutely, one hundred percent sure.
“Yeah, I suppose.” Except I should be the one protecting him, not the other way around. “Anyway, he said the lawyer he’s been talking to thinks we got a chance in taking down Naomi. You’d have to give a statement, though. You cool with that?”
“Hey, Cas.” Dean spoke first this time, half smiling as he held out the beads for the professor to take. “Thanks for letting me borrow these.”
Cas turned to him with no small amount of surprise at the look on his face. His brother looked absolutely livid, his eyes narrowed in a glare as he stared down at the table in front of him. He glanced over at Dean, noticing a matching look of anger, though slightly more subdued. Even Sam, usually the calm one, looked a mix of annoyed and upset.
“That was most enjoyable, Sam, thank you.” Castiel commented, stretching out as the third movie drew to a close.
Bit of a longer chapter though, so I hope that eases the hanger I left last time.
“Well, usually we’d decide by tossing a coin-“
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“Well, yeah man, we’ve become fast friends.” Dean could feel the nervousness creeping in as talk drifted to a topic he wasn’t sure he was comfortable discussing yet. “But, I dunno, I think I should back off a bit. Let him have his life back. He’s done a lot for me.”
It was friction, but it wasn’t enough, it wasn’t what he needed. Groaning in frustration, he shifted to position himself above Dean’s cock. The fingers quickly left his body and he heard the bottle of lube open. Mere moments passed and he felt Dean’s slick tip pressing at his entrance.
“Shit.” Dean answered with a growl, a tumble of emotions flowing through him in the moment.
He kept murmuring quiet words of comfort as he shifted their positions, gently leading the man to lay with him. He drew him in, pressing soft kisses to his lips and cheeks as they wrapped around each other. His lips traveled across Dean’s jaw, down his neck to find that sweet spot. Dean’s breath hitched as he found it and he smiled against the skin, nipping lightly before he returned to his mouth.
“Yeah, I guess. I mean he’s not far away, but somehow we never have time. He’s got the lawyer thing going on, and I- well, dad keeps me busy.”
Sorry to keep you all waiting, please don't leave me! I'm almost done on the next chapter so will get that out as soon as possible, hopefully mid week!
“I’m fine.” Dean replied automatically, keeping his eyes focused on the beads. He found himself counting, and it was calming in an odd way. “Sorry, just… kind of zoned out, there.”
Castiel, however, held him firmly against the tree, pressing harder against him, if that were even possible. Dean groaned, low in his throat, and dropped his head back against the tree with a slight crack.
“Cas, I want... more.” He stuttered, unsure how to express his desire without humiliation.
“I-But, I can’t just- Sam!” Dean sputtered, watching his brother’s grin grow. “Where the hell did you even get the idea?!”
“Wait, wait stop!” Castiel got out over the panicked voice. “Dean’s asleep.”
“You mean...” Dean looked up at Sam in surprise, then gave a huff of laughter when he nodded with a slight smile. “Well, shit, wouldn’t Dad be proud of us.”
The team play a game of paintball, and Cas has a very sneaky plan to win.
“You haven’t seen the bedroom yet.” Dean grinned, beckoning Castiel to follow.
“Don’t make it weird. Just, try it. Sometimes it’s helpful to get it out, and sometimes seeing what you’re actually thinking can be.. enlightening, or whatever.”
Okay, so I probably should have waited to post the second chapter but I was on a roll and have exactly zero self control, so here it is.
Damn, he was so far gone he wasn’t even going to try to stop this, and it had barely started. His hips were bucking forward of their own accord, humping shamelessly into the angel as he realised he had dropped his gun, and his hands were gripping Castiel’s upper arms with desperation.
“Mr Novak and Winchester, it’s Officer Singer. It’s safe now - you can open up.”
Sorry this took awhile, had a bit of a block. I'm going to try to get another chapter up tomorrow. :)
“Dean.” He muttered, right before he sucked another bruise into the spot.
“I’m going to- Dean, I’m nearly- Please!” Castiel babbled, his voice desperate even to his own ears.
“Uh, sure… You’re an easy guy to trust so…” Dean shrugged slightly, watching Castiel as he pulled a small cardboard box from his pocket.
“Dean I can’t- can’t hold on- Dean please-“ Castiel choked out, fire running white hot through his body.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“That’s a shame. You must miss him.”
Dean looked up sharply, unsure he had heard that properly. Castiel just smiled slightly at him and tilted his head, waiting for an answer.
“Fuck yes, Caaaas...” Dean moaned as his back arched up, angling just right to hit that spot inside him. “Close, so close, please,”
By the end of the day Dean was ready to just crawl into bed and cry. And when Castiel excused the class five minutes early, claiming that he had to attend a meeting, Dean nearly crumbled. Castiel didn’t want to talk to him, all over that one stupid moment. Why hadn’t Dean controlled himself better? Why did he have to go and put them both in that situation?
Dean looked at the doorway, shock leaving him momentarily confused until Jo Harvelle stepped into the room, lowering her gun with a slight grin.
“I wasn’t.” The whisper came from right beside his ear this time, and the breath that tickled across his cheek with a short chuckle sent shivers through him.
“Sam.” Dean warned, but Sam held his hands up in a placating gesture.
Dean glanced around at the other two. Jack looked excited, ready to jump out of his seat at any moment. Cas looked - well, Dean could swear he had that same mischievous glint in his eye. He sighed in defeat, dropping his head down on the table.
“Think they heard you whether they wanted to or not.” Dean grinned. “I guess that’s just a hazard of staying at our place.”
Castiel took a deep breath and nodded, placing his trust in Dean as he reached out and took his hands. Dean pulled his friend along as he propelled himself backwards onto the rink, gently reminding him occasionally to adjust his position.
Dean kept it cool as he drove to the office, parked, and made his way into the building. The training was to be held on site, in one of the meeting rooms. Dean was thankful for the familiar location of the site – it helped keep the panic at bay, just slightly. The routine of driving the same route, seeing the same people, it all helped. Still, it was change, and Dean didn’t handle change well anymore.
“So get this,” Sam broke the silence around the table, causing Cas, Dean and Gabriel to all look at him expectantly. Everyone else had long left the apartment after welcoming Castiel home. “Charlie got me the information I needed on your parents’ will, Cas. There’s nothing in there about any conditions on your inheritance - in fact, this clause explicitly says it’s to be passed to you on your eighteenth birthday with no conditions, exclusions or contracts.”
“Good. Now do try to stay quiet.”
“Ready, boy?” Bobby asked gruffly as he stared back at Dean, one hand on the door knob.
“Of course. I should have lunch ready by then.”
“But- But that’s-“
“Not the first time.” Dean muttered as he shrugged slightly. “You, though. How’s the anxiety?”
“You like that. You like when I bite you.” Castiel stated, very matter of fact considering their current situation.
Dean frowned, glancing at the small paper bag he held. He opened in carefully and looked inside, to see a small notebook and a set of coloured pens. Weird, certainly. He glanced at Charlie with a slightly confused expression, and she rolled her eyes.
“That’s it, stay with me. Three things you can see.”
The buzzer to warn that they were running out of time started to sound, and things went crazy. For the next few minutes they yelled and laughed as they tried to dash around the on screen game to get all of the dishes completed before the time hit zero. They finally ran out of time and finished with two stars, then promptly collapsed into fits of laughter.
As the morning progressed, Dean found himself not wanting to leave Castiel’s side. The two finished their breakfast, and Castiel decided to wash the dishes. Dean was tense, worried about how Sam and Castiel would interact, since they hadn’t spoken much – but he soon found himself settling comfortably into light banter with both Castiel and Sam, the other two men actually sharing jokes as Dean watched on.
“No...” Castiel answered quietly, searching the man’s eyes for any hint of derision or rejection.
“Have we met? I’m sure I’d remember-“ The man paused to flick eyes up and down appraisingly. “-you...”
Dean sighed, his lips parting against his own. He felt the man’s arms slip around his waist, gently stroking across his back. He flicked his tongue across the man’s lips, their mouths moving together in a gentle, slow building passion as his free hand moved to massage the arch of Dean’s back.
“Hmm?”
The two lay together for a few moments, soft groans and broken whimpers slipping out as each of them moved slightly. Eventually, however, it had to end, and Castiel slowly pulled out, wincing at the oversensitive feeling when Dean clenched harder around him. He rolled off the man, dropping to his side on the floor - only to wince at the pain of nail tracks. It was uncomfortable now, but he would be lying if he said he didn’t enjoy the pain the other man had caused him. He glanced at Dean, eyes raking over his naked body, then bit down on his bottom lip guiltily.
That slight hitch snapped something inside Castiel, and he surged forward to capture Dean’s lips against his own, pressing his tongue insistently forward. Dean caught him, arms circling Castiel’s waist as a whimper of surprise parted his lips, and then Castiel was licking inside his mouth, heated and filthy in a way that had Dean instantly hardening in his shorts. Dean tried his best to kiss back and keep up, but Castiel was relentless, seizing control almost violently. There would be no battle for dominance tonight - Castiel was taking it, he needed it, needed to release his anger and frustration.
I said in the start I was writing this as a form of therapy. Well, happy to say that, it worked! Writing it out, our boys once again helped me through a tough time and taught me that it wasn't my fault. It also meant I wasn't really comfortable with writing some more explicit scenes with this story, but I hope you forgive me. It just hit a bit too close to home, and it felt disrespectful.
Castiel’s lips turned down slightly in a worried frown. It was then that Dean realised there was wetness on his cheeks. Damn it, he’d been crying again, and hadn’t noticed. He hadn’t noticed the tightness in his chest, either, or his breathing, which had become erratic. He’d started to freak out again while he was checking his own work, expecting to find a mistake, and hadn’t even noticed.
The silence stretched for awhile as they avoided looking at each other. Castiel marvelled at the fact they they were simply sitting, had enjoyed lunch together, almost friendly. He smiled as he thought about the past week - the way that they had gone from hating each other, to sex, to this, confused him. He mused on that wonderingly - it made no sense. Castiel was usually a placid person, kept to himself, and certainly never went and fucked complete strangers. He wasn’t the type to rage, nor switch emotions as quickly as he had been. Meeting Dean had brought out things he had never known about himself, and it unsettled him. Perhaps more unsettling was the thought that perhaps he had always been this way, and it had just stayed hidden this whole time.
As he drew up to the group he caught the woman yell at Claire and raise a hand –
“I, well I don’t have it on hand here, but I’m sure I can find the documents you need when we get home.” Michael was definately flustered, judging by the uncertainty in his voice.
Cas nodded slightly, focusing on counting out his breathing as he watched Michael and Gabriel draw closer to the table. Gabriel slid into the booth beside Sam, shooting Castiel a supportive glance.
“What?” Charlie asked, concerned.
“Wait, hold up. Who’s this Michael?” Dean asked, his arms tightening protectively around Cas. “And where exactly does he want to take him?”
“God, I missed you,” Dean breathed, resting their foreheads together with closed eyes. “I thought I’d never find you.”
And that was Sam. Coming to check on them.
Dean breathed out a long sigh as he ended the call and dropped the phone on the table, staring at it as though it would bite him. He glanced up to see Sam, Bobby and Jo Harvelle all staring at him in amusement.
“I love how pliant you are in the mornings.” Cas grinned, pinching at a nipple again just to hear more of those little gasps.
“Your-? Oh.” A saddened expression crossed the man’s face, completely changing his demeanour, and he sighed. “I apologise. He must have moved, I should- I should go.”
“So... you know each other, Officer?” He started timidly.
“See something you like?” Dean asked innocently.
“Always am.”
Dean sighed softly at the lack of a proper response, dropping his head as the anger drained out of him. He leaned on Bobby, accepting the support the older man immediately offered him. He was emotionally and physically drained, and right now he would take any support he could get.
Dean’s hands tightened around the phone that he held, tensing as Sam walked closer. It was hard to think that not even an hour ago he had been talking about whether to back off or not. Now Cas was just... gone. He couldn’t process it.
“Dean.”
A conversation with Castiel leaves Dean feeling off kilter, and he finds something missing after a night of drinks with Charlie and Sam.
“Breathe, Cas.” Dean repeated, squeezing his hand again before dropping their joined hands below the table, out of sight.
Castiel wasted no time with words. He slipped off the stool, gesturing for Dean to go ahead of him, and herded him out of the room in seconds. Out in the empty hallway, Dean turned for the stairs – his tears were flowing now, and he couldn’t stop them – but he felt a hand wrap around his wrist. Although the fingers on his skin were loose, it felt like a vice around his wrist, stopping him from running. He didn’t turn.
“What?” Dean frowned, noticing the grin.
“Okay, then tell me what you are usually like.”
“…You’re with him, aren’t you.” Sam’s tone changed, and Dean immediately felt himself get defensive.
Faster than Dean could react, Dean felt a strong hand grip his shoulder and yank him around, before pressing him back against the tree, hard. He found himself trapped against the tree by Castiel’s forearm driving hard into his upper chest. His breath hitched as he stared into blue eyes, barely an inch from his own.
Dean couldn’t help but chuckle at the response. Of course, Castiel would be the type of person to not fully understand shortened words even in text messages. He had completely banned the use of slang in the classroom on the second day.
Sam’s voice brought him crashing back into reality, and he tried to think of something to reply that wouldn’t give away the present situation, seeing as how Cas
“Because,” Charlie sighed, clearly struggling to be patient. “The moment he hears us coming, he could kill Castiel. I don’t know about you, but I’m willing to sacrifice some time and energy to find him alive.”
He remained in a crouch and slowly crept forward until he could peer around the corner. The room was empty. He signalled Bobby and Charlie forward with one hand to follow, then made his way inside, his eyes darting everywhere. Once he had cleared the room he raised up to his full height, taking in his surroundings.
This was originally part of Chapter three, but it got long so I split it.
There was no mistaking him - the man wore an expensive suit and was having a heated conversation with Gabriel. When Gabriel gestured to their table, the man turned, and Castiel found himself unable to breathe again as the man’s eyes located his, and shot him a nasty grin.
A hand clapped over his mouth, muffling the name he screamed as his orgasm took him violently, rushing over him in waves of pure ecstasy as he pumped once, twice, three times into Castiel’s sinful mouth, emptying his seed down the angel’s throat.
“There are rules when shooting each other?” Cas cut in, looking confused for the first time that morning.
“One thing you can smell.”
As Dean drove home - god, it was amazing that he had someone to call his place home with - Castiel couldn’t help thinking how lucky he was. For the first time in a long while, he was looking forward to the days ahead. He had an amazing boyfriend, his brother was back for good this time, and he had a family of his own making. Things couldn’t get much better.
“Oh, right, you’ve got that training haven’t you? What’s it like?” Charlie asked, ignoring his comment about bed as she sunk back into the cushions.
One by one, they checked the rooms carefully and slowly. The first room was a bathroom, used recently, but empty. The second, on the far wall, was a large bedroom - again, empty, but with signs of use. Dean’s heart pounded with fear and hope as he rested a hand on the knob of the third room, then slowly swung it open.
“That’s better.” Cas grinned slightly, then pressed forward to capture Dean’s lips again.
Dean grinned and wriggled his hips so that his pants slipped down with Castiel’s tugging. In mere seconds Castiel ripped his boxers down, then Dean was sighing as his cock sprung free, hard and leaking and begging for attention. Castiel’s eyes shot down, taking a moment to appreciate the sight. Then he was straight back into it, roughly pulling Dean forward to crush their cocks together almost painfully. He groaned, unable to help bucking into Dean, bringing a delicious friction.
He found himself watching the man often, just his mannerisms, the way he moved and spoke, his expressions. He couldn’t figure out what it was about the guy that made him unable to control how fast he was developing a bond with him, how quickly he was trusting him. And he could understand why Sam was worried, because he was freaking terrified. And yet it still couldn't stop him.
Dean gave a sad, but grateful smile, feeling for the first time like he could do something useful. He unlocked the phone and started scrolling through the contacts, looking for familiar names that had come up in conversation previously. He recognised a fair few of the names, and made a mental list of who to call.
“I thought I may learn better from this... position.”
“Look, man, I don’t know how much you’ve had to drink, but I’m gonna be hanging around here for a bit and I’d appreciate if you didn’t block my path with your drunken inability to unlock your damn door. I got work to do, right?”
Dean glanced down at the angel, whose head was still resting on his shoulder, with an incredulous look. Cas merely smirked back at him, moving his hand further up Dean’s thigh, toward his crotch. Dean had his arm around Cas’ shoulders, and his fingers gripped tight, digging into the soft skin of the angel’s upper arm.
Dean didn’t respond - he just shot him a glare that told him to shut up before he ended up walking. Sam cracked one eye open enough to see it, then rolled his eyes and shook his head.
“Get off me.” Castiel bit lowly, still simmering, but helpless to the desire that curled in him at the strength in the body pressing against him.
Dean could already feel the heat pooling in his belly, his balls drawing up tight, asshole starting to clench with the effort of holding back. His statement didn’t deter the angel - instead he started to bob his head, nearly drawing completely off Dean before dipping back down, until his lips were brushing the base of his cock.
“Sure. Thanks.” Bobby smiled at her. “Dean, I know you don’t wanna hear this, but I think we already know who took him.”
“Oh, screw this!” Dean suddenly burst out, standing quickly and causing the chair to screech across the floor, startling everyone. “You know what? We got a win. We won a battle. We might lose the war, or we might win, but either way we aren’t fighting today. Today it’s over. So I say we take the win, we go out, we have fun, and pretend the world isn’t ending every other damn day.”
Dean leaned forward and dropped a kiss to her cheek with a smile, knowing that what she said came from a good place.
What was
He was cut off as he heard a loud banging on the front door. Fear shot through him as he realised it had gone quiet several minutes ago, and he assumed that John had got a second wind until he heard a commanding voice ring out.
“Ah- Agh! Cas- Fuck, please, fuck me, need you..”
“I see you two have made up.” The man smirked, pointedly glancing at their joined hands. His face quickly turned grim, however. “But you seem to have found a new trouble. Do you know that man?”
“Oh.” Castiel said, disappointment clear on his features. “I suppose I need more instruction on correct handling of the cue.”
Oh hey look, surprise mid week update :)
They drifted into sleep like that, soft smiles on both their lips.
“He certainly did,” Castiel chuckled as Dean glared playfully at Gabriel. “Though, we don’t know the outcome yet.”
“Yes sir.” Dean mumbled, dropping his eyes again – this time with shame, remembering the last time he had said that, and yet still broken his promise.
Benny had given them a run down on the way – the district over had upgraded to a fourth alarm and were calling in help. They needed a search and assist – Dean’s least favourite, because it meant they had to get in, and get in fast. Usually in these cases people got hurt.
Gabriel was silent for a few beats as he read the schedule. When his eyes flicked back up, Cas noted a tinge of concern in them. He pursed his lips, ready to defend his choice to continue something that had been forced on them throughout their childhood. His brother’s next words, however, drew him up short.
“Dean... I have to know, are you absolutely sure you want-?”
They ate breakfast together and Sam didn’t say anything more about it, choosing to stick to questions about how the training was going. Dean responded with short answers, not really focusing on anything until he’d finished eating. It wasn’t until Sam was washing their dishes that he brought up the subject again.
Dean grinned, though, and he relaxed slightly.
He eventually woke to Charlie talking quietly. At first he couldn’t quite make out the words, as it is when you first wake up – he could just hear her speaking quietly, the tones of her voice a somewhat comforting mumble. After a few moments, though, her voice became harsh, and he could make out the words despite that she was whispering.
Then, because nothing nice seemed to last long, the banging started.
“Maybe he was worried you was too much like your Daddy.” Bobby told him in a gentle voice, soothing the harshness of his words. “But don’t tell me, he’s the one you gotta talk to.”
“Yeah, I am. Something to say?”
He finally snapped out of it when Charlie elbowed him and handed him a ring. He took it, staring at the thin metal band for a moment before meeting Dean’s eyes again. Silence fell.
“I- yes, I’m fine thank you.” Castiel answered, slipping his hand back inside Dean’s.
“Dean! Are you okay? What’s going on?”
“It’s Michael. He sent me. But you already know that. He wanted me to find you and bring you in, but Cas,” Gabriel reached for him again, putting a comforting hand on his shoulder. “I swear, I wasn’t going to. I was- Well, I hadn’t thought that far ahead but I swear, I wouldn’t have taken you.”
“Mmph! Dean- Ah- We need to-“ Castiel muttered out between kisses.
“Yo, bud, zone out on your own time.”
“It should really be looked at properly, but… It’s the best I can do.” Sam shrugged.
So I tried to convey in this how terrifying a panic attack is, and how massive an impact the words “You are not alone” are.
”You’re a good fuck, Dean, I’ll give you that. But the rest is really none of your business.”
The class dispersed noisily, and Dean shut his eyes for a moment, shutting out the chaos. He couldn’t tell how long he sat there, eyes shut, trying to shut off his thoughts, trying to collect himself enough to walk out of here with some dignity. He got lost in his thoughts, sitting there longer than necessary, unaware of the world around him – until he felt a hand drop onto his shoulder. He jumped as his eyes flew open, and he simultaneously slammed the notebook shut.
Frowning in confusion, Castiel glanced around and found the toolbox beside the door, barely a foot away. He scrambled over, returning with a paper bag which he showed Dean for confirmation. Dean nodded, and Castiel hesitantly glanced inside, then a grin broke his face as he found a small bottle of astroglide and a strip of condoms. He tore one off and kept the bottle, throwing the bag back toward the toolbox before he turned back to Dean. The man looked absolutely wrecked, moaning again as Castiel rolled his clothed erection against Dean’s aching cock.
“And did I not deliver?” Cas purred, suddenly in his face.
Castiel smiled slightly then, an odd reaction, and nodded. Dean understood it for what it was – appreciation that he had told the truth, despite that they would not be able to discuss it. The first group entered the room, calling out ‘Good morning’s to Castiel. Castiel greeted them each in turn and, as the room filled, began the day.
“Well. Perhaps we should take a piece of tree from his book and enjoy ourselves until then.” Cas finally answered.
“Fuck!” Dean cursed, and Castiel could hear the hitch that implied he wasn’t far from coming undone.
Dean couldn’t stop thinking as he drove home, his mind running through the millions of ways he could have handled things better. His shoulders were still slumped as he let himself into the apartment, his eyes trained on the ground. Of course, that meant he didn’t get any warning before a body tumbled into him, making him step back into the hallway with his arms full of Charlie.
I know there is a lot of difference in opinion of how to describe certain mental health issues. As a sufferer myself I have drawn from personal experience and tried to put that into words as best I can. If you disagree with my description feel free to say so, but please do not insult or lessen my experience. Thankyou.
“Uh. Hi. Dean. Dean Winchester.” He mumbled in response, glancing back up.
“I know. I know. It’s gonna be okay.” Dean’s hands rested on his cheeks, and he smiled, tears slowly glazing over green eyes. “I love you too, Cas.”
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
“…Dean?”
“Uh.. Yeah, Jack, what he said.” Sam’s voice drifted across, catching Dean’s attention.
Castiel had come to see him. He was here, standing at the door of his hospital room, holding… something, a sort of small, flat box in his hands.
“Or, you could stay here.” He suggested quietly. “If you want to, that is.”
Castiel stepped around his bed, his eyes raking over Dean as though assessing his injuries. There was an odd look in his eyes, though, Dean noticed. It was an almost haunted look.
Silence fell as Castiel stared at Dean in shock. Had the man seriously just offered to fix up his place for nothing? No, that wasn’t possible. Nobody did anything for free anymore, there was always something expected in return. Then something clicked, and he glared at the man suspiciously.
“No!” Dean shouted, staring at the both of them for a moment. He sighed, then continued. “Look, I went up there to… To get away, think, you know? I know it was dumb, where I was sitting, but I thought I’d be fine. Don’t get me wrong, I thought about it once but… I changed my mind straight away. I couldn’t do that to you, Sammy.”
He shook it off and started to pack his belongings into his satchel, and cleaned away the few bits of paper he had left. He grabbed his cup, and with a slight nod to Castiel, left the room.
“Alright, fine. I understand.” He took a deep, grounding breath as he dropped his hand and turned toward the door. “It’s time.”
“Sam and Benny are gonna meet us there.”
Dean couldn’t help a soft smile in return, then laughed softly as he noticed the song playing. Damn, but Castiel knew him well. The soft tunes of ‘Over the Rainbow’ were coming from Castiel’s phone, sitting discarded on the table between the chairs.
Both stripped of clothing, Cas pressed himself back down against Dean, groaning as their cocks made contact. He slid his length along Dean’s, enjoying the friction but keeping it light, teasing, as he reached over to snag the bottle of astroglide from the side table and dropped it on the bed. Dean growled in frustration, his hips bucking up as he sought more friction. But Cas simply chuckled, pulling away slightly to deny the man.
Castiel grinned against Dean’s skin before he nipped lightly, loving the soft whimper he drew from the man as Dean arched against him. He decided in that moment exactly what he wanted to do. He pushed them back against the wall hard, meeting Dean’s lips for a filthy kiss before stepping back again.
At home, he made dinner again for himself and Sam. He decided to grill some sausages, and served it up with mashed potato, gravy, and even fresh vegetables. Sam had given him an odd look, but didn’t comment much aside from carefully mentioning that it was nice to see him in a good mood. Dean just grimaced, and told him to shut up and eat his dinner.
He could feel Castiel’s breath on his lips now. It sent shivers down his spine, and part of him wondered if he would be able to survive this much longer. Castiel’s eyes were searching his as the man leaned forward slightly, a movement that seemed almost gravitational, and their lips just barely brushed together with the promise of a kiss – but even that barely-there touch set every nerve in Dean on fire and had him craving so much more.
“Huh. Maybe.”
“Thought we agreed no using special abilities.” Dean muttered angrily, sure that Castiel was using his angel mojo to get the better of him.
“So… you’re gonna talk?” Charlie asked lightly.
“Yeah. Yeah, of course.” Dean nodded, finding it odd that he’d asked the question.
Sam heaved a sigh, then came back to sit on the other side of the hospital bed.
And thank you for all the comments! I do read them all and try to reply, and each one makes me smile :)
After cleaning up, Dean joined him and they shifted under the covers to lay together, panting softly as they caught their breath. Castiel lifted his good arm, and Dean moved easily into his embrace, pressing his back to Castiel’s chest.
As ready as he could be, Dean entered the room with trepidation. It was empty however, thank god. He picked a desk toward the front of the room – he preferred being at the front, so he could see anything the professor would display without struggling. These training sessions were usually heavy with PowerPoint presentations and demonstrations.
Was that laughter he heard in Castiel’s voice? No, definately not, Dean decided, since Castiel surely had no idea what his proximity was doing to him. He was an
Castiel smiled reassuringly at him, then stepped into the dark room. Moments later the light was flicked on, and he gasped aloud, floored. All four walls were painted with a captivating forest scene. The image of trees stretched from floor to ceiling, complete with little flowers amid long grass at the bottom of the walls. He stepped closer, reaching out to touch the little bees painted on the flowers - he smiled up at the image of a bird sitting in a nest in one of the trees. A small pond was carefully painted into the wall, making it look like it was in the distance.
“Yep. Now enough about me. I’m sure it’s my turn to be embarrassed about wrong assumptions, so tell me about you.”
Sam looked up at him, his face a mixture of disbelief and hope. Dean glanced at Charlie, seeing the same expression on her face. Seriously? They both thought he actually jumped? How badly depressed and screwed up must he be for them to immediately think that?
“I would like to give you this first. As I said, it’s just something small, but here.”
He rolled his hips again, relishing the soft whimper from Dean as he rubbed his already aching erection against Dean’s through their clothes. Dean arched against him as his hand moved around to the man’s ass, gripping hard.
“You don’t know?” Sam asked in Dean’s silence, looking at Gabriel disbelievingly.
“I’m not asking for money.”
“Hey, guys – Oh, son of a bitch…" Dean grumbled as he tried to speak, but found his throat hurting. "Can I get some water or somethin’?”
“Good, Dean. You’re so good.”.
“Allow me.” Dean grinned, and held out his hand to shake Castiel’s. “Welcome to Winchester restorations.”
Bobby shook his head, noting the information down, while Sam looked on in shock. Dean glanced at his brother, reading it all in his eyes - the surprise, the guilt, everything.
“Holy shit,” The man muttered, pulling back to stare at Castiel. He looked absolutely wrecked already, his breath coming in desperate pants and gasps. “Been a while, huh?”
The man was – well, he was something to look at, certainly. He was wearing dark, well fitting jeans, which was a good start. Over it he was wearing a simple white button up, the sleeves rolled back in a casual way that Dean wasn’t used to seeing professors adopt. His hair was mussed in a way that looked like he’d just rolled out of bed and not bothered to brush it, yet somehow he made it work.
Also, forgive me if there’s anything unrealistic. I’ve never been to Lebanon so I rely on google maps, and I based the paintball game on the type of paintball we play here so... hope it is the same.
“Who were you looking for?” He asked quietly, stepping within a few feet of the man.
The man was crouched in front of him, close enough that he could easily read the worry and concern in those eyes. Castiel’s hands were gripped tight on his shoulders, as though he’d had to shake Dean to bring him back into the moment. Dean was still shaking, and he could hear the shaking in his breathing, the way the sobs made themselves vocal as they ripped out of him.
