“I don’t think you’re helpless,” Clint said quickly because he didn’t. “I wouldn’t have even told you this plan if I thought you were helpless. I just…” He shrugged. “Brotherly instinct I guess? I don’t mean that in a weird way. I realize I barely know you.”
Tony nodded and did as he was told. Not having to decide for himself was something he was really good at. Freshly bathed—and without wetting his bandaged left arm—and in fresh clothes they went to the kitchen where the table was set and Sarah was tasting the food.
As much of a rush as he was in, he knew that this was all part of the test. If he passed, he would get information, if he didn’t, he wouldn’t get so much as a word. Having to yield to someone else’s demands was not his strongpoint though he had done it enough times with Gao, and she with him. He was on her territory, he would play by her rules.
As slowly and silently as possible he made his way out of their bed and the room too. He would sneak back in before it was time for Steve to get up but for now he needed to walk around and give his restlessness some satisfaction. Without thinking about it he ended up in the living room where the rest of last night’s fire was still lingering. Tony added a few pieces of wood to get it going so he could watch the flames dance and not think about anything.
Clint’s Russian was still improving day by day like James’ ASL, so he thought about it for a second and looked around at the people in the room and then back to James. “Yeah. I am.”
He exhaled shakily and then pressed the intercom labeled Barnes/Rogers/Wilson. It rang twice and then the door buzzed and Tony went up. Even the elevator seemed to go too quickly and before he knew it, the doors were opening and he was faced with Steve’s front door.
The first man smiled and said something and then both of them were grabbing Clint. He resisted at first, planting his feet firmly and tugging back but two against one was really not working in his favor.
If you were as scrawny as me that would be a whole different story.” He grinned and made his way across the room to the small round window.
Tony stayed close to Clint. Feeling someone else’s warmth was therapeutic even though he wasn’t the one he really wanted.
Tony was sitting against the cold wall, his crumbled up jacket over his knees covering his legs and the blanket wrapped tightly around his upper body. It didn’t do much to warm him but it was better than nothing. He had lost count of the days. What light was coming through the window was no indication and since he was woken often by the men holding him here, he never slept much, so measuring the days passing by how much he slept was also out of the question.
“Maybe,” he said, knocking back his vodka shot and as soon as the glass touched the counter it was being refilled. When Cap’s Jameson got low, it too was refilled without asking. “Maybe not.”
Steve mumbled something but James didn’t understand and then he closed his eyes, his hand going limp in James’. James squeezed it and couldn’t find a pulse.
So maybe he had eyes on him at all times and who could blame him? He had a feeling not even Clint would be too upset if he worked it out. And that was actually part of why James hadn’t talked him out of going to the bar. Clint was aware of his limitations but at the same time
He chuckled. “Ignoring the part where I completely removed myself from your lives for months I’m guessing?” He glanced down at some papers on his desk and then back up at her. “I’m not being cold towards Steve. You know I care and it’s not just petty heartbreak keeping me up here and not down there but I met someone,” he told her, “and I like him. But being around Steve is hard. And confusing. I’d like things with this other one to work out so I can move on and things can go back to normal.”
He looked up at Tony who was watching him in a way that gave Steve goosebumps. Those big brown eyes were going to be the death of him.
“Of course, laddie,” she told him as the door opened and James’ men brought in three food trays. “Thank you, Dmitri,” she said to the one she had spoken to before. He nodded—almost bowed—to her and excused himself back outside.
The next few times the men came into Clint and Tony’s room they didn’t bother them for once. They dropped off the food, made a few scathing remarks, but otherwise did not harm them. It was baffling to say the least and Clint wondered if something bigger was about to happen, turning to look at Tony who seemed just as confused by the strange behavior.
“When you just said that I’m turning nineteen...” Tony looked somewhere in the hallway. “It doesn’t feel right.” So much had happened in his life. He was tired of everything, sometimes even tired of life. Though that had changed in the past couple of months. Still, he felt much older than nineteen.
Clint wasn’t afraid to answer the phone because he knew only a handful of people had that number and he knew all of them personally. He just didn’t know who
“Exhausted,” he answered with a small laugh. Exhausted from crying? How pathetic could one person be? If someone asked him why he cried, he wouldn’t even know how to answer. There wasn’t one specific thought that had made him cry, no particular sadness in itself. He didn’t understand. And now Sarah would be aware of how pathetic Tony was. She’d probably treat him differently. Had she told Steve? Why was he even there? Tony sighed heavily and closed his eyes again. He wished he could disappear so he wouldn’t have to look at Sarah or Steve again. Why did he have to cry?
Lunch went great. Sam was a delight, even managing to get a reluctant smile out of James with a few of his jokes and Clint-related anecdotes. They were seated at a booth in a far corner after having arrived and entered through the back. Dmitri, despite trying to sit away from them but with a direct line of sight, was seated with them at James’ behest.
The thought of never seeing Steve again hurt more than any of his bruises or cracked ribs or whatever else they had done to him. It was making it impossible for Tony to breathe and he hated himself for it.
He asked, his brain too foggy for English. He knew he was in a hospital but he wasn’t sure which one. “
And as it turned out he did. He really had gone all out on his home safety since James’ last impromptu visit. The fact that they had still gotten in with minimal effort made James chuckle and Dugan turned to look at him.
Rhodey stood up, raising an eyebrow. He pointed to the oven but Tony didn’t even flinch. Rhodey sighed, closing the freezer and leaning against the counter, arms crossed over his chest. “He asked where he should take you for your next date, then I gave him the
He wouldn’t be able to meet anyone’s eyes if he escaped and left a nineteen-year-old to fend for himself. “And I’m bigger, more easily noticed. You’ve got the dark hair, dark suit. You can disappear into the shadows and, yeah, it’s cold as hell but get inside.” He paused, once again watching the door but nothing happened. “I think nighttime would be best. Gas stations will be open, get to a payphone. I know we’re near the water so go in the opposite direction. I got half a hint to James. I don’t know if he picked it up, though.”
“And I haven’t even heard about them! Do I have to explain to you again what bisexual means or are you just rubbing it in that you get to stare at people sculpted by Michelangelo himself and I get Bruce and
“Wow,” Clint said, letting out a low whistle. Lucky padded over to the girls, doing figure-eights around them. “You two look swell. More than swell. You look—Sweetheart, give us a sophisticated word.”
Clint turned to James, confusion written on his face. “I’m not really super mobile and he doesn’t like to leave, whaddyou—”
“There isn’t a whole lot more to me,” he said with a shrug. What was there to know about his life? “Do you ever forget how old you are?”
“What do you do in the bar apart from serving drinks? What is there to do?” He was genuinely curious since he had never set foot in a bar and also didn’t understand how going out for a drink was considered a form of entertainment.
James had spoken for almost a solid two hours before Clint put his mug away and curled up even closer to him, wrapping his arms around him and burying his face against James’ chest. James pressed a kiss to his hair. This was the clingy phase, not that he was complaining, but it meant that hopefully Clint might talk soon.
Tony pressed his lips together. No, he wasn’t sure. He just needed to see with his own eyes that Howard wouldn’t get to him ever again.
he can ask me whatever question pops into that adorable head of his.” Steve stretched, cracking his joints as Tony spoke again and then he laughed but it was shy and his face went red. “She, uh, she’s known for a while how I feel about you. I think she’ll be more relieved than anything else.” He smiled at Tony. “And it goes without saying that she loves you too.”
Tony laughed again, swaying with him slowly. “Alright. What do I get once I have all the cars? What else do people buy with money?”
Steve put his hands on his hips, looking down at the ground. He let out another sigh, his cheeks puffing out with the effort.
“Good. It’s good, right?” he asked carefully, trying not to tense up and instead focus on Steve’s comfortable weight and warmth on top of him.
“Sorry, guys, Fury and I had to talk to the Commissioner about that last call.” Bucky threw him his bag and he jerked his head towards the exit. “Let’s go. I need four days of sleep.”
The water was sat down more carefully and this time it was two glass bottles of water instead of two glasses. Clint got up to get the water first, handing Tony his and then bringing his tray over to join him on his mattress so they could eat together.
“Just making sure you know that I can look out for myself. Though I appreciate your concern,” he said with a smile. It did make him wonder if this was what Benni felt whenever he protected him. “An instinct is more than knowing or not knowing someone. You don’t have to justify that.” Finally, he took a bite out of his potato.
it. But he also knew that he could be this way in front of these two people and they would never judge him.
Steve hadn’t really fallen back into his old habits and routines—he didn’t sleep the moment his head hit a pillow, instead he stayed awake most of the night thinking, wandering, and the last two nights, he’d spent in the gym, beating the crap out of the sandbags until it was time to get ready and go. His appetite came and went but when he was really hungry, he ate like there was no tomorrow, knowing himself and how his body needed a certain amount of food to keep him going.
Clint watched him work. He watched the way the muscles in his back moved when he chopped things or reached into the cabinets and he felt a tiny sting of irritation that he couldn’t just get up and grab James from behind, bury his face in his hair and stay there while he cooked. Now moving even a few feet was an entire process and not an easy one.
It was nice having Tony beside him, the warmth and contact was soothing, and he found that for the first time since being in there, he wanted to talk but didn’t know what to say. So he stayed quiet and kept his eyes closed, letting images of James play on repeat.
Steve approached, leaning down with either hand on the chair handles, right in Callahan’s face. “Well, which one was it?”
“It’s alright, my darling,” James said in the soft tone he only ever used with Clint, “let it out. I’m right here. I’ve got you.” He pressed a kiss to his hair, to his ear, to his temple and everywhere else he could reach as Clint continued to sob, the tears flowing steadily now and his throat and chest aching with the strength of his cries.
Even when Steve turned away, Tony continued to look at him. There was even more to take in. Tony brought joy to people? He knew Benni loved him, but for the longest time he had assumed that wouldn’t always be the case. Especially not if he got to a better environment than what they were used to. And even though they had a new home and new people around them, Benni still loved him, would continue to do so. And even more than that Steve would have been sadder without Tony. There was that fluttering in his heart again, the warmth that spread throughout his whole body and felt better than a hug.
Steve leaned back against the wall with his coffee, observing. It had been years since he had made rounds with Dugan and Jones. His eyes roamed the shop, taking everything in. It was a cute little place although he remembered it a few years back when it seemed… brighter? More full of life. He wondered what had happened.
Dmitri still stood in the room with the surgeons, adding something before leaving as well. “I hope for your sake you know how serious he is.”
Steve hesitated. And then he followed Tony hastily and he grabbed him by his arm, looking him in his eyes, urgency in his actions.
The following day Steve and Tony went back to James’ basement to continue gun training with Tony. He had memorized the things Steve had told him the last time which made everything much easier but also offered less opportunities for Steve to be close to Tony. That thought was pushed away as soon as it had popped up in his mind.
James didn’t have much to do and honestly Dmitri could have taken care of it all seeing as he was beside James for each and every decision and had a fairly decent understanding of how James’ mind worked, but James didn’t mind a distraction. Having work to do and plans to figure out took his mind off just how little he could do for Clint.
“There you are,” Tony smiled, immediately making himself comfortable next to Steve. “Business all taken care of?” he asked, one hand on Steve’s thigh.
It was a week later before anything happened again. They were down to just two. One of the boys and Falsworth. They’d gone through their entire organization, only ten more weeded out. Some knew nothing, others didn’t care and some, it felt, shared Steve’s way of life.
“I love you too, Tony. So, so much.” He would get over it all. Put it past him. Or at least that’s what he told himself. In reality, he would shove it down with everything else and ignore it because this was the version of himself he wanted to give Tony all the time. Not the sad shell of a man Steve, this Steve. He looked towards the hall, just knowing James was out there but he didn’t comment on it. “You should sleep,” he said, reaching up to touch Tony’s face. “You’ve been here too long. I doubt you slept even a wee bit.”
Steve copied, liking how that sounded. “I’m starting to get a vague idea that you like me.” He was grinning now, chuckling against Tony’s chest. “
James wanted to get Clint something he could use all the time, something helpful but also something romantic. Clint often woke from nightmares and sometimes James was still in bed and sometimes not. Sometimes it took him a moment to ground himself in reality again. James felt that perhaps something he could always wear could act as a sort of token to let him know that he was back to reality, everything was fine and he’d even have the added bonus of knowing the time.
Tony rested against Steve, making sure he didn’t put all his weight on him. His eyes filled with tears, even though they were closed, and he had to laugh at himself and this whole situation. “I love you so much and I hate the stitches more than I can say,” he whispered softly.
Based on where they took him after dragging him out the back door, he would say they were headed up Madison Avenue. It felt like ten blocks? Maybe even fifteen, so they were still in Manhattan when they took a right. They definitely stopped at each light after that, putting them on Second Avenue and that’s where things got fuzzy. Clint knew Manhattan like the back of his hand. He was starting to get to know Brooklyn fairly well. Well, south Brooklyn where James and he lived but if he was right, and this was one of those times when he wished he weren’t, they were on the Queensboro bridge heading into a borough Clint knew next to nothing about—Queens.
“Well then, the job is yours,” he said with a smile. “Congratulations, you’ve been promoted and it’s only your first day. Must be a record.”
“Steve, shut up,” James said, but there was no fire behind it. He was smiling too. “Why can’t you be a good patient and sleep?”
He didn’t blame Tony for it. For anything. He blamed himself for letting his guard down, for wanting something he had no right to and then he just wanted to go get a drink and vent to James about it but he couldn’t. His mother didn’t understand, his best friend had cut off all communication and headed five thousand miles east and the only other person he even considered talking to about anything he
“Shh, shh,” he said gently, listening to the heart monitor beep frantically as Clint spoke and tried to sit up again. He placed a hand on Clint’s chest and gently guided him back down again. “She wanted something to do and she took some of my men with her. If she can sneak up on me and after I saw what she did to Loki, there was no doubt in my mind that she could handle Bakuto and we were able to find out where his main office was. Besides, neither Steve nor I were going to miss out on being there to bring you two home and we couldn’t let him get away.”
Steve was still a little happy-go-lucky following his romp in the sheets. He hadn't made too much of a habit of going to James’ brothel but rather he spread it out enough to make each time truly worth it.
Tony was half asleep despite keeping his eyes open. If they gave him a few more minutes he would be able to fall asleep without even closing his eyes.
“Jesus—” Bucky started but Sam gave him a look and he shut up. Sam Wilson was the only person on earth capable of silencing Bucky Barnes and Steve found himself somewhat amazed every time it happened. Even all these years later.
“Hey,” he said, a little breathless and perhaps he should’ve waited to call until the pain went down some.
“Ev’ry week you look a wee bit better,” Pepper said and hugged Tony once the kids were off to play tag.
“I’ll come with,” he nodded and got up to stop the record, following Steve upstairs. He was walking behind him, unable to resist staring at his back and further down below noticing once again just how incredibly well built Steve was and making Tony look even smaller in comparison. They stopped in front of Tony’s door, which Steve opened for him and then gave him a simple, “Goodnight, Tony”.
Clint smiled. “No, it’s okay. Go make some more money to spoil me with. I want diamond-encrusted underwear and a solid gold leash for Lucky. Also Tony said I should adopt more dogs.” Lucky, who was curled up in his own bed in the corner of the room, perked up at the mention of his name.
He grabbed his house robe and wrapped it around himself, sliding on his slippers and heading downstairs where he found them all still gathered around the table chatting. Tony didn’t look at him long before his eyes were elsewhere and Steve couldn’t help but frown.
Tonywas so hungry and tired. All he wanted was to go back home. That was all he thought about when he was woken up even harsher than in their last location. The men seemed frustrated and they used Tony as well as Clint to let off steam, leaving them both with bruises and sore spots.
“Natalia,” James said, his tone firm, “stay here.” She glared at him but finally gave in, realizing that his command was not coming from a place of underestimation but rather one of him wanting to keep her safe. She didn’t agree, but she could respect it.
“I know a lot,” he confirmed. “But mostly the boring stuff.” He took out a pan and some eggs. “You know, dates, obvious facts, the immediate history,” he said, referring to his previous home life.
This time Clint didn’t shower. Not with his cast. James ran him a hot bath and helped him in, his cast hanging out of the tub and James sat behind Clint on the edge of the tub, washing his hair, his body, massaging his shoulders and neck. Clint melted into every single touch.
While Tony waited for some sign from Clint that he was okay or that he wanted Tony gone, he thought about how truly terrible this situation must be if you couldn’t hear anything.
“Sweet,” Clint said, flexing his freed fingers only to immediately grab James’ hand with it. “Things all good with you two?” he asked James but quietly so that only he heard. James nodded and looked over at Steve.
It was interesting for Clint to see James in this setting. It was new and he thought he would hate it but actually… it was incredibly attractive. Seeing the power James held and the way others instantly recognized it as well and behaved accordingly.
The door behind him shut, leaving Tony alone. At least no one had stayed in there with him. That meant that no matter what was happening to Clint, Tony was alright for now.
They brushed their teeth and bathed, James helping Clint, washing his hair, and Clint still remembered the first time James had done that.
That same morning, Clint was at work despite James repeatedly asking him to schedule one of the others instead. Clint understood the danger, mind you, he just didn’t like anyone thinking they had made him back down in fear. Was it stubborn and prideful and stemmed from childhood trauma? Yes. Was
Tony didn’t even bother to comment on Steve’s behavior with words or his facial expression. Instead he placed the papers on Steve’s lap. “This account here. Dugan takes part of the money—20.25 if you want to know—every week and puts it in this account with no name. Every week for about four, nearly five months now. Which means more than $500 is in an account that doesn’t even exist in these books. They’re my books, Steve. Someone planned for this to go unnoticed. So either I’m no better than your last accountant or this is your doing.”
“You’re more important,” he said, kissing his cheek and getting up with him. On their way up he told Benni in Italian to help Sarah with dishes before going to bed himself.
Tony nodded, nuzzling his face into the fabric of Steve’s clothes. “Do you think they’ll let me shower? And brush my teeth?” Those were logical and rational thoughts, things he knew were part of his routine, but if he was completely honest, he didn’t care about any of it. Too long he had been away from Steve. “What about you? Are you okay? Did they hurt you?”
“Welcome home,” Tony greeted his brother and helped Sarah unpack everything. “Anything I can help with?” He didn’t know what to say to James. Steve told him things about him and Tony didn’t even know if he should know. He probably wanted to talk to his best friend anyway.
Dugan came in with a tray of food and gave Tony a sincere smile. It was so good to see him again. He even filled a glass of water for Tony to drink and then he was gone again, leaving Steve and him alone. In front of him was a bowl of soup, a bread roll, and some butter. If he never saw bread again it would still be too soon.
“Does it ever stop? Feeling like you’re killing them over and over again?” He asked bluntly, hoping Steve wouldn’t mind. For the first time Tony admitted it to himself that he had killed Howard. Yes, he knew he had shot him and Howard had died. But before that night he never said the actual words. “It’s not that I regret it. I’m just sick of seeing him. I can’t sleep.”
“And your ma would be right. You work too much.” He gently pulled the top blanket to the middle between Steve and him. “Do you know what happens to boys who refuse to sleep?” Tony asked with a smile. “They’ll get sleepy, so
I promised you I’d give you a proper hug once you were all healed,” she told him, her voice soft, soothing. “Since it’s been a while since you’ve been out of that cast, I figured I owed you more than one lousy hug.” She held him tighter, laying her head on the side so her cheek was pressed against his soft hair.
Tony topped up his own coffee and sat down at the table next to Clint. “Not bothering me but it’s something that pops up in my mind every now and then. Especially earlier.” He took a sip of his coffee. It was nice to hear that he didn’t think it was an issue. Not that it would have influenced Tony’s feelings for Steve or their relationship. It was the anxiety that maybe James and Sarah thought that way too.
“Shoulder and wrist, sir,” he said quietly and stared into the black liquid as if it would change anything.
From the names and insults they were calling him in English, Tony knew they knew about Steve and his relationship. Was that the reason why he was here? What good would that do? Wouldn’t it make more sense to just kill both of them? Nothing seemed to make sense anymore.
Steve closed off, not wanting to let it show how much Tony’s words had affected him. If he wanted to leave one day, he wanted him to feel like he could do so without anything holding him back. “Well, it’s not like I’m limited in my options,” he finally said, standing and grabbing his jacket. “I’ll be back in a bit. You don’t have to keep that jacket on if you’re uncomfortable.”
From outside in the hall, Steve listened in. He never entered but just stood outside and it broke his heart but if anyone was going to help, it would be his mother.
“You think I oughtta pull the trigger?” He asked, his blue eyes hard, unwavering. The kid didn’t speak. “Come on, one last chance to plead your case. Nothing?”
“Believe me, I wish I wasn’t your son,” Tony said, one hand in his pocket. Howard laughed. It was a dry laugh, it made him cough and then it took him a minute to calm back down.
It was logical to Tony that he fell in love with Steve and that they were together now. Even the thought that they would grow old together didn’t seem illogical since he didn’t expect anything else for his life. Knowing how his brain seemed to work differently from the others around him, he simply felt the need to make sure it was okay to feel this way.
He took them and closed his eyes, tucking his face into James’ chest and away from the world, feeling safe there. James kissed his hair and held him tight.
“Who the feck is she?” Dugan asked, turning around to see the girl when he caught sight of the flicker of anger in Steve’s eyes. But he had misread the reason for the anger.
James breathed a soft laugh. “Not a problem. Feel free to explore. I’ve got nothing to hide. I have lunch for us, though.” He went over to the table and brought the tray over. Maria was just about to stand and take James up on that offer when he mentioned food and she promptly sat back down.
Tony rested his head against the couch and tried to think of something to say. Something to talk about. “Have you traveled a lot?”
As soon as he could he snuggled up on Steve, breathing in his soothing scent, feeling his body, the warmth and how firm he felt. He was taken care of in every way possible. The realization of that in combination with Steve’s question made him chuckle softly. How had he managed to survive this long without Steve?
“He’ll be fine,” Steve said automatically, not entirely bothered with Clint at the moment as he watched blood run off of Tony’s hands and felt a tightening in his own chest.
Steve moved closer to Tony, until their knees bumped one another’s. He looked up at him, his hands still covered by Tony’s. The corner of his mouth quirked up into a sad smile. “Remember what I said about everyone needing hugs?”
Clint tensed at first and then relaxed into the non-hostile touch, the warmth, and the soothing presence of someone else.
“Presents? Is it more than one?” Pepper asked, glancing over at Tony who was now glaring at Benni. He should not have said that.
Only to the movies and then back. He could do that. No one would recognize him, tell Howard with whom he was at the cinema, where he could find them. Even though he repeated those words in his head and even mumbled them to himself as he was getting dressed he couldn’t help but tremble in fear. Remembering his father was enough to remind him of the pain the man had caused him. How he had pressed Tony on the cold,hard floor—
Steve closed his eyes, feeling himself about to tear up. He inhaled deeply and pressed a few more kisses into Tony’s hair.
James had asked that he at least let Dmitri go with him but Clint had reasoned that, sure, someone might be looking to target him to get to James but there was also the fact that James himself was a target and he knew James could take care of himself but why run the risk of someone catching him on his own and outnumbering him? Even the great James Romanov couldn’t fight off ten against one. At least, Clint didn’t think he could and therefore it was better for Dmitri to stay with him. Plus, James needed someone he knew he could count on, not just any of his men.
“Yeah, no shit. You make ham and cheese sandwiches all the time.” James looked over at him, wondering how he had gotten the names so mixed up but knew about kosher food. “So what did you do growing up?”
What was happening? Why? How? Was he jealous that he didn’t look anything like him? Was it gratitude because he had saved him? Was he so desperate for attention that his body reacted like
“Maybe it’s not the worst thing ever,” Natalia said, her finger moving around the rim of her martini glass, a small, private smile on her lips. Clint knew that smile.
He yelped softly, not having expected that. “That’s what I wanted to hear.” He drew circles on Steve’s back and closed his eyes. “I love you so much, Steve. You don’t have to carry everything on your own, you know.” His voice was now barely more than a whisper. The intimacy and privacy of just them in the room, the warmth and security and all the love he felt was everything he wanted.
"he said it was government's decision..for now..seems like whatever it is, it's big or at least big enough that made them change their mind." with that he stood up and walked to the door but before getting out he turned around and said" try and get some shut eye..you look terrible and tommorow...well I don't think it will be easy..you know..meetting the others after all this time..I just ..I want you to be ready for whatever is going to happen.."
-"what took you so long?" he was trying his best to make him uncomfortable and by the look of it, he was doing it right...
the conference room was empty .he didn't know how long he's been lost in his thoughts when Nat called him to give him a file about the deal they had with the government and all that stupid shit he didn't really care about anymore..she was talking about the files in all that agent-assassin tone but honestly, he couldn't make out a word..he couldn't focus, at all..
He knew this place, it was painfully familiar. he looked at his hands, they were blood soaked. He looked around and saw a figure lying on the ground, he ran to it. It was Tony, he was lying on a pool of his own blood. The arc reactor was in two pieces and there was a large, bleeding gash on his chest. His face has no color left and if it wasn’t because of the painful sound of his breathing, he would’ve thought that he is dead. He dropped to his knees and put his shaky hands on his chest, trying to stop the bleeding which was impossible. The gash was just too deep and by the look of it, he has lost a lot of blood.
after a long time they broke apart...-" you?.." he said breathlessly and shocked..it all looked like a dream or something...
-"yeah..i guess"he felt like his heart was going to jump out of his chest and was wondering, it the music wasn't that loud, Tony could hear his crazy heartbeat.."umm..about what you said the other day.."he added nervously..he was freaking out and he hadn't even started..
we he didn't answer he went closer and sat on the couch beside him..he put his hand on his shoulder and made him look at him..he looked shaken..pale..scared..nothing like the Steve he knew.." another nightmare?" he asked with a softer voice..
Tony opened his mouth to say something but his sound was so weak it was fading .." wha..why,..you..c're..."
-"I love you.."he said all of a sudden. and didn't know what happened but suddenly there was so little space between them and he looked at his shocked eyes and then at his lips and closed the distance between them...
-"what would you do?I mean if you two were friends and you kinda knew that person would never feel the same but you just can't go on like that and have to make sure but you  didn't want to ruin everything.."
she held her gaze for another second then turned around to leave when he caught her arm and asked again...
It's been I guess half an hour, I just couldn't move. it's like I was back to the ice. I was freezing, shaking, I couldn't believe it... This is not true right? It must've been a cruel joke, right? he couldn't, wouldn't do that .he said it himself. He ...he wouldn't just...He vision was blurry, his mind was fuzzy .he couldn't make out where he was going. Honestly, he didn't care, he just had to get out of here...
-"there's not much time so.." She couldn't believe it. Now she was angry. She couldn't believe that he had given up. He …Tony Stark … had given up. She blinked furiously and that made other tears to escape...
-"A..breath.....B..youre asking the wrong person cause I would probably spill everything out and ruin the whole thing ..BUT..i still think its the best way..you know..if its hurting you and all then you have to say and ..you can't be sure..she might love you as well.."
-"yeah ..sorry ..sorry..well yes..I mean don't get me wrong but apart from the whole playboy thing that I said, I kinda have a heart though..so yes.."
-"wha..i .. I just wanted to know if he's okay..he never missed the meetings.." he tried to use that whole cool captain America tone but failed miserably...
He dropped the shield aside.. his eyes were wide, filled with pure terror. he didn't know what got into him. What did he do? He couldn't believe it .he almost killed him..it was like he could now, finally see What he was doing..what he never thought he'd do to him...the only person that he loved and trusted with his life..he had beat him, hurt him, almost KILLED HIM. Almost…. But almost wasn't good enough.he felt like someone has ripped his heart out. it's like someone was squeezing his heart so hard he couldn't breathe..
its been three days since the conversation in the gym that he found himself in the middle of his lab, ready to talk..just as ton noticed him and was walking toward him, he felt like WHAT THE HELL AM I DOING?...he wished he could just run out but it was late..so he thought..screw it..be a man..spill it out..
_"oh my God..when did you become this soft on me Natalie?..seriously, its wore that that whole agent Romanoff thing..it freaks me out.." he said with a big smirk...
they had no idea who was responsible for the attacks but what they did know was that, although the attacks had caused serious damage, still, it was like the attacker just wanted to play with them...there was no real purpose..or they thought...
He turned around and with shaky legs walked to where Bucky was lying and helped him up. He was in so much pain. He put his hand over his shoulder and start to walk when he heard something that made him wanna scream, wanna die….
he jolted awake with a scream..he was shaking and his forehead was covered in sweat. he looked around, he was on the couch in his apartment ..not in Siberia but still ..
everything was explained and still there was no sign of Tony..everything felt cold,frezing..no one said a word the whole meeting and even after ..they all just went to suit up and get ready to go.even clint was unbelievably silent and didn't make any wise-ass remarks, even when he had the chance to..they were all like soldiers, waiting for the commander to make a command. nothing more..
Cold, empty, coffin…He was screaming but there was no one. He punched the coffin again and again but other than bloody fists it was no use. He was on the verge of tears. breathing was getting hard. like the air was getting sucked out of his lungs, so he screamed again and suddenly he wasn’t in the coffin anymore.
-"okay..whatever.." he was about to go when he turned and addedd.." just know if you ever wanted to talk or anything...you know.."
it's like he just understood what he was doing and polled back quickly..."im...im so sorry... I didn't mean to.." and suddenly there were those lips on his again...
he looked at his hands..they weren't bloody..it was just a dream..another nightmare..he covered his face with his hands when Bucky suddenly entered the room and turned the lights on.."you ok?"
he threw the broken punching bag aside..it was the third today..or maybe the fourth..he didn't really know..he was frustrated .he didn't even know why...I mean he knew but he just couldn't do a damn thing about it..what the hell was he supposed to do?just go and tell him "hey. did you that I'm in love with you?"
she was frustrate now.." really.. Rogers?... I was wondering ...why do you even ask? you didn't seem to care about his wellness when you left him injured with a broken armor in siberia.." she said that and didn't let him say more and left the room furiously...
he was starting to get worried..he was supposed to be here an hour a go..what if something had happened?what if he changed his mind? what if...
they were busier than ever ..mission after mission..meeting after meeting.. he was afraid everything would be forgoten..so one day, which they were unbelievably and unexpectedly not-so-busy,he walked to the lab with an offer...
-"hey..everything's gonna be okay..trust me..you guys..you need time..maybe a lot of time..but everything will be the way it was before..., eventually." he tried to reassure him...
-"hey...I've been waiting here for ages.." he tried to sound angry but he wasn't angry or if he was, now that he called, he was okay...
-" hey...earth to Steve.." it was bucky..waving his hand in front of his eyes..when he finally looked up, he understood they had landed ..they were on the Avengers tower..every one was getting out.
he looked out of the window, looking for him but there was no sign of him..he was about to call him when his name appeared on the screen..he signed ..a sign of relief and answered...
its been nearly a month since the whole confession and all that happily ever after-ish thing and they were getting closer..no one still knew anything about them ..it was nothing obvious or special ...not yet..just some kisses then and there and that's just it...
he was drowning in his own cruel thoughts when his weak voice was heard again.."dos'n..matter..you...did..thi's...wan'..me..ded..." he was stopped by a bloody cough that was draining out the blood that was left in his body..
-"Um...well....have you ever been in love?" he said the last word like a whisper and suddenly the room was so hot he was sweating..and blushing?...
-"you tell me..what's gotten into your head lately? you barely talk to anyone especially me and unlike a few weeks ago you don't hang out like you anyone,  especially me.and it's like you're running away from everyone especially me.."
-"you what? You just decided that it's a good time for a little break? For not being you? that now after all the shit you've been through it's time to just give up?"
-"sorry...I just..it was a situation ..an emergency  I had to go there...I'm really sorry.." he sounded tired and too serious for Steve's liking..
for a second he looked unsure..like he was going to say no and go back to work but he shook it off and with a smirk, said:" so you're officially asking me out on a date, right Rogers?.."
he felt his heart was pounding,the room was spinning..he put his hand on the table and took some shake breathes..he had to get out of this room..her words were like a punch to the face..he had spent three years to forget what he had done or at least convince himself that he had no other choice, that he did what he had to do to save bucky ...not that he was successful at any of that but what she said was..its like there was no air in the room ..he tried to calm his breathing ..
-"yeah..I'm fine..just..look I'm sorry..for today, the dinner and all.." he really sounded tired..exhausted even...
but it seemed like the universe had suddenly decided to throw the shell-headed enemies to new york right after they decided to start and get to know each other and actually start a thing...
Hearing his name, HIS name, not cap or Rogers or any other stupid nicknames that he knew that no longer were for teasing, its just hearing his name from Tony after all this not-so-short time was like a kick, a shock...
he was going out to the others when he saw the face he was looking for since he arrived and he would've been relieved if HE didn't look that tired..pale.skiny.there were big black bags under his eyes ..he looked older ...its like he was ten years older..he still had those stupid sunglasses and the same warm-bright smile he always had but other than that, everything else looked wrong..something was wrong ,he knew that for sure but he didn't know what it was..
He put his hand on Tonys cold pale cheek .. “ hey..look at me buddy..open your eyes..” this time it worked cause he opened his eyes slowly..so slow..he was losing the battle by the look of it " you're gonna be okay ...jus....just..."he couldn't stop the tears.."jus..hang on ...okay?..you're gonna be just fine.."he was trying so hard but deep down he knew he wouldn't be fine..who was he kidding?how the hell was he supposed to be fine?
Clint’s words made him smile. “I’m glad that you were there and still are.” He washed his hands and gave Clint a bowl of potatoes to cut. “These please. Is there anything you don’t like to eat? And what do you like especially? Apple pie is one of Steve’s favorites and I figured it would be nice.”
Tony entered the house and was honestly surprised not to be greeted by his little brother. Or Sarah. It was awfully quiet and he didn’t like that one bit. Without checking the other rooms he went back to the office where he found Benni playing a card game with Dugan and Jones.
Steve chuckled. “Guess I’m just used to them,” he answered, reaching up to straighten Tony’s tie as he got closer to him. His hands moved out from the tie to each of his shoulders and he gave him a light squeeze, unsure how much was still sore. He couldn’t help but look him up and down again. “You look grand.”
“Some swelling and a few more bruises.” Tony watched him sit back. If only there was more he could do for him! “Can we go over everything again please?”
“Honestly? James told me to ask you if I saw you and I didn’t even question it. What?” he asked when she gave him a look, her eyebrows raised and the corners of her lips pulled down in disbelief.
A/N: okay y’all, I know lip-reading isn’t one hundred percent accurate and a lot of it is also guesswork in conjunction with context but for the sake of the story, Clint reads lips pretty damn well.
“Guys,” Clint said, his eyes focused on the space outside their room. He took in his surroundings while running his mouth to distract them from what he was doing. “Let’s talk this out like adults. Ow, that felt personal,” he said when one of them kicked the back of his knee to pull him out more easily. “Is this because I killed your friend?”
James rubbed his hands up and down his face, brushing his hair back and then slumping in the chair, his usual perfect posture completely thrown away.
James had told Steve to wait outside. Gao liked James, he knew she did and, as he had said before, after Steve she was also James’ favorite. However, she didn’t care much for Steve. She found him abrasive and demanding. And young.
Sarah cleared her throat and Steve realized he was supposed to be carving the chicken. He stood and began cutting slices for everyone. James chuckled and spoke to Tony in the meantime.
Now, back in his main office, James was sharing with Dmitri much more intimate documents. A few things were personal for James himself, but others intimate in the sense that no one but himself and the person with which the deal had been made knew about the alliance or business involved therein. These documents contained things like his more amicable partnerships. For example, the one he had with Carol Danvers and Maria Rambeau and his re-housement of those like them facing persecution as was the case with Natalia and Maria.
Dugan drove her the twenty minutes across Brooklyn and they chatted a little here and there. She asked him about the girl he’d been seeing and he gave her the full summary of their relationship so far, grinning like a goof as he spoke about her and it made Sarah glad to see one of the boys in her life happy and in love.
James pulled Tony aside gently, far enough away that Steve couldn’t hear, and pretended like he was explaining something on Steve’s chart, keeping their backs to him.
Steve had been watching Tony, having stopped talking a while ago. He watched the change in Tony’s expression even with his eyes closed and he moved closer to him. When he suddenly sat up, Steve wanted to reach out but didn’t touch him. Instead he held his hands out, offering the touch if it was wanted.
There were footsteps outside and then the two normal guards were back at Steve’s door which meant James was gone. They closed the door to give them their privacy.
“So no, it doesn’t bother me. And as for experience—” Steve’s fingers danced up Tony’s arm as he spoke, his eyes focused on the gentle rise and fall of Tony’s chest before meeting his warm, brown eyes again—“I really,
Inside again, Steve led him into the living room, sitting him down on the couch with his arm still around him. “Tony?”
“Alright,” Natalia said and now Maria decided to go ahead and explore the office, sensing that an intimate discussion of Clint wasn’t necessarily intended for her ears.
She nodded. She didn’t want him to feel interrogated but that was exactly what she was doing. She had grown to love Tony and Benni but first and foremost as always, she protected her Steve. “And how do you feel about what you saw, laddie?” Still a soft voice, as if she was simply curious.
Sarah explained the situation she had woken up to and everything going on with Steve in relation to Tony. James told her what he knew as well, the things Steve had told him over the past couple months as well as what he said while Tony visited the graves.
favorite dessert?” Steve asked, whispering it quietly in Tony’s ear before pressing another kiss just below his earlobe.
“Tony said I can give you our presents. Just so you know.” He puffed his chest up, looking proud of himself that he had such an important task.
“For showing up at my door with a bag of greasy burgers determined to not let me be alone.” He pressed a kiss to the side of Clint’s head.
“I can and I can’t,” he said honestly, putting the folders down. “You should know I would never turn on you. And as for this,” he said, gesturing to Tony, “it’s not really shocking. You have a soft spot for brunettes and an ever softer one for him.” Steve didn’t smile, didn’t laugh, just waited. “Cap,
With a nod and a smile from Tony they settled into silence and Clint decided to just go with it, inhaling deeply.
Tony gasped and almost dropped his phone as Steve went back to the kitchen and poured both of them a mug of coffee. He brought it back for Tony and sat it on the table in front of him.
“I hear you found your rats,” James said, from where he sat at the bar beside Steve. Steve’s knuckles were still bruised from taking care of the other two as well. It had been a month now since Tony’s last visit.
Hearing the Irish accent more made Tony’s heart flutter. Something about Steve changed when he didn’t care about the way he spoke. He scooted away to give Steve more room and hummed softly, lowering his voice when he answered.
Sarah was reading while soft music played and Tony joined her to read as well. Having slept all day, he didn’t feel too tired, though, if he did lie down, he’d probably fall asleep. Eventually Sarah was about to go to bed when they heard the door open and someone coming up the stairs.
He lowered him onto the bed, softly as possible, his head on Steve’s pillow and Steve got rid of his own shirt and then unbuttoned Tony’s. He leaned down, pressing hot and heavy kisses all over his chest and stomach, down to his trousers and then he was looking up at Tony for permission, his fingers waiting to snap open the button and finish undressing him.
“What?” Steve asked, laughing. “Don’t think I could be in the insurance business?” He grinned, looking over at Tony.
“Jimmy?” Tony repeated, absolutely confused. Where did that come from? What was that supposed to mean? He didn’t know a Jimmy. He knew a James. Did he mean him? “And the magic coffee maker does the rest?” he tried, hesitating and still careful. As if he had anything that could protect him.
“Thank you,” Tony said, now looking away again. He didn’t know what else to say, how to describe what he was feeling, what Steve’s words did to him. How his words shifted something inside of him.
Clint turned his face away, burying it in James’ shoulder because he assumed it was Steve, and James looked up and gave Tony a soft smile but his eyes went to Tony’s hands and he decided against actually asking for anything.
At one point Steve shifted, sighed and continued to sleep on his usual half of the bed. With the curtains open and the full moon shining in Tony could admire Steve’s sleeping form. How did he always manage to push the blanket off? This was exactly why Tony insisted on having his own blanket so he wouldn’t get cold during the night.
Outside, Dmitri and Dugan were in the ambulance and had pulled it up to the loading zone entrance that didn’t require stairs. Clint and Tony were carefully laid on the stretchers in the back of the ambulance and the doors were shut.
“You’re the last person who should be saying you’re sorry,” he told him, looking down at their hands now too. Steve laughed. “That’s pretty much what
“I was thinking that too. I just don’t know what to do about that.” He stopped and looked at the vegetables on his cutting board. “It’ll be fine. We’ll get over this.”
Clint, James, and Dmitri got into the elevator, heading for the underground car park because James hadn’t been feeling up to being seen arriving at the hospital. There was always someone who wanted to talk to him about
By the end of his visit, he was cast-free, boot-free, and broken-leg-free but advised to still take it easy for a little while. No sports, be careful on stairs, ease back into putting weight on it. But he was sent home without crutches and that was all he had been hoping for.
Tony took his time running his fingers between Steve’s eyebrows until the worry lines were gone. Once that was achieved he moved on to run his fingers through his pretty, blond hair.
“Thanks, Cap.” Steve had told Benni he could call him ‘Steve’ but after hearing the others call him ‘Cap’ and getting the story behind it—Steve’s time in World War II where he, as their Captain, lead his men and helped most of them keep their lives—he’d started using that nickname. Those remaining men were Timothy Dugan, Gabe Jones, and James Montgomery Falsworth.
Steve’s voice dropped an octave, he wanted to take Tony’s hand when he spoke, his eyes locked on the other man’s. “Never.”
He sheathed his knife into the holder he kept on his right hip and said, “That’s what I’m going to find out.”
“It’s not me who said those things,” he answered, hating how he had given in to Steve. “He’s in no position to judge us. All I want,
Steve had just lifted his glass to his lips to take a sip when Tony spoke. He turned to him, scrutinizing his expression, trying to read those big brown eyes he loved so much. There was something there and he couldn’t quite put his finger on it.
“Well, I thought we might want to go on a double date,” James said casually, opening the front wardrobe to take out Clint’s coat and hold it up for him. Clint came over and slid into it, just as confused as everyone else.
.” The complaints had quickly dispersed once Dugan spread that message and Steve hadn’t met with a single underling.
“How long?” Steve knew the why. He’d gone to Germany to get away from James. James went to Russia to get away from him.
They entered through Steve’s office building, taking the stairs down to the basement to access Steve’s home via the underground passage.
“Sweetheart,” Clint called and James stopped and turned around. “Just a quick question.” James motioned for him to continue. “Would we ever leave Natalia?”
He turned to Tony and said, “Benni told me to ask you how you really slept since I’m… the biggest… brother.” Steve tried his hardest to think of another way to put it and then he turned to Benni to answer his question himself and stop this madness. “He slept, alright. Didn’t even hear me come in to play music.” Which was not a lie.
That evening when Steve finally got home after meeting face-to-face with the traitors to let them know this was not an act of Russian aggression but rather the consequences of their own actions, he was exhausted.
Steve nodded. “Let’s get back to the targets. Try to recreate how I had you a moment ago.” He watched as Tony did his best to recreate it and was impressed when he saw only a few mistakes. Steve tried not to end up so close to Tony again because when had he began to smell so nice?
“Hm, hope he does.” They were good friends, went way back, but this was the mob and ears were everywhere. Not all their men could be trusted entirely. Especially not when one of these men ran the Russian mob and the other the Irish. “Let’s drink to it.
“Well, then,” Steve said, standing and rolling up his shirt sleeves, “I suggest you save your breath for more important things.”
When he woke up again his head was in Sarah’s lap and on the other couch were Steve and Benni, all of them reading their own books while classical music played in the background. Almost immediately there was a hand on his forehead and someone leaning down to kiss his cheek.
As soon as they got home, Benni dashed off to his room without even greeting Sarah or Steve who both looked to Tony.
“You think—oh, right. I hope you were. They need a sign that we’re alive and haven’t given up.” He smiled and rested a hand on his shoulder. “Your cheek is going to bruise. Did they hurt you anywhere else?”
Steve thanked him and took it, turning it around to read. “This is perfect,” he said, motioning for Tony to follow him.
“Yeah but when are you really going to be in the company of either of them anytime soon? Besides, I think Barnes really
She wasn’t as rough with Steve, James had noticed. At first, he assumed it was because she didn’t know him so she was being polite. Then he remembered who Natalia was and quickly dismissed that. Next he thought that maybe her roughness with James was because she was angry with him. Maybe she blamed him for Clint’s predicament.
Clint took the cup, thanking him. “I missed you too.” He sipped the coffee, closing his eyes as the dark liquid hit his throat, warming him up. “Oh my
Upstairs, James and Steve had dropped the luggage in the room and were sitting on the bed beside one another in silence as they had been for the last ten minutes. It was a tacit agreement between them both, they just needed a minute together. Steve was hurting, James was hurting, and like with the two downstairs, only each other understood the pain, the reasoning, the
There was a pile of letters on Steve’s desk and he sat there, staring at them, going through at least ten strategies at once. Dugan was sitting opposite of him. Tony had been asked to knock before entering but Jones had some work for him to do anyway so he was busy.
“Her something borrowed for her wedding.” Tony looked at Steve with a warm smile, still holding the record against his chest. This had been the song they had first danced to together and it held a precious place in his heart. That was part of the reason why he wanted to give it to her in the first place. Maybe it would make her feel the same closeness if she danced with her husband to it.
“Correction,” Natalia said, holding up one dainty finger, “I hate all kids but one. Benni is different. He’s sweet.”
Clint watched Benni come into the room without bothering to speak to his brother. He knew that look, he’d worn that same expression plenty of time after a telling off from Barney.
Tony nodded and leaned in to kiss Steve’s lips. “Don’t send me away then. You’re not alone in this.”
“I can try, I guess.” He nodded and watched her pour Sherry into small glasses and carry them into the living room.
Steve climbed into bed beside him, wondering if he should check on Clint but he seemed fine on his own. He was just about to lay down when his conscience got the best of him.
The jacket he had been wearing when they took him was now his pillow, the blanket was always around his shoulders and day by day the temperature seemed to drop. Tony had forgotten how to survive with little to no food or how to endure the cold. Steve had spoiled him.
Steve nodded. “I promise. Let’s make the bastard regret it.” Steve picked up one of the documents and read over it for a second and then said, “Did you ever figure out what he was trying to say?”
“I can’t belie—wait. Am I the first person to find out what James Romanov fears? Oh wait, no, Steve probably knows.”
There was a collective groan and complaint of ‘Aw, Cap’ as they got up and prepared for their punishment.
“I love you,” he told him, his tone soft but his eyebrows knitted together worryingly. Steve’s poker face was terrible when Tony was the reason for his worry. “More than anything in the world. Anyone.” He leaned up to kiss his lips and then laid back down. “And that means I’m going to do everything in my power to keep you safe. Even if you don’t like it.”
“Alright,” Tony mumbled, his eyes closed again. He didn’t even get to answer Steve’s question or say anything else before he was being picked up. “I didn’t mean to worry you,” he told Steve, his voice low and sleepy. “Sometimes the bed is too soft and I can’t sleep.”
Grateful to be given something he could do, Tony made his way upstairs. Steve had told him that his mother was the boss and she had asked Tony to wake him, which meant his bedroom wasn’t off-limits now. The realization that he was about to see Steve’s bedroom hit him when his hand touched the door handle. Was he the neat type? Or rather messy? What would it look like inside? Warm and cozy like the rest of the house? Was it decorated in his favorite colors? What
James didn’t read, he didn’t distract himself with any work documents, he simply stroked his fingers through Clint’s hair and watched him sleep, grateful to have him back and even more grateful to have him in his life at all. James knew he loved Clint but he hadn’t realized just how much until there was a chance he might not see him again.
“With you and Tony missing, no one really felt like celebrating anything. Besides, a big Christmas dinner isn’t quite tradition and after this and last year, I don’t see it ever becoming one.” He tried not to talk about what had happened, not even in vague terms, because he knew that it of course still affected Clint. James had been able to get him to talk about it a little bit but mostly, Clint didn’t want to and he respected that but still he worried about him.
Together they headed to the basement once Steve was done for the day. They entered the passage and Tony stopped him once the door was closed behind them. He was glad to see that Steve seemed to have planned the same thing as him, closing the gap between them and kissing Tony passionately. Even though Tony had the same thing in mind, he still let out a small surprised sound into the kiss.
He slid a leg in between Tony’s and spread them slightly, improving his stance. He leaned forward, pushing Tony forward with his chest. “A forward lean will help you manage recoil,” he explained. “Grip the handle as hard as you can but not so much that it hurts, it’ll reduce the movement of your non-trigger fingers.” Steve was incredibly thorough in his explanation because the last thing he wanted was for Tony to injure himself now or in the future due to Steve’s lack of clear instructions.
He took out the map and looked it up for a second. Why were maps so big? There had to be an easier way to handle these. “So you’re taking me to clean out your place? Very romantic,” he said with a scoff, no actual annoyance in his words.
He poured them both a cup and Steve took it, sniffing it and making a face but he drank it. When Tony drank his, he immediately spat it back out, looking shocked and Steve chuckled and then he laughed and then he had to put his cup down so he could lean back, his eyes barely open and hands across his chest, as he laughed so hard he cried.
“Then I’m glad you have Steve,” Clint said honestly. “I’m assuming you at least talk to him about it all?” James nodded. “Okay, good. Now
Steve slid out of bed and opened the door only to see James who was passing by on his way to bring Clint some breakfast.
He spread the rest of the sheets out more, putting some on the floor and crouching over them. The jacket was in his way so he simply got rid of it, putting it on a chair so it wouldn’t wrinkle too much. He crouched back down to look at the documents. From somewhere came a notepad and a pencil which Tony accepted gladly and started scribbling down things and moving from sheet to sheet.
“Thanks for the breakfast. I’m sure it’ll put everyone in a good mood this morning,” Steve said, clapping a hand down on his shoulder.
Clint was rubbing blood out of his eye that was dripping down from a cut on his forehead when a flash went off. When Clint looked up they were laughing, saying something about him but he couldn’t read their lips. He assumed it was a different language or maybe his brain was just too worn out.
Jones pulled them into the alleyway behind the bar and James and Steve got out once they were sure it was clear. James walked over to the door, having called ahead from his car phone, and knocked. The knock was Morse code and spelled out the word ‘Barton.’
like women!” James smiled and Clint continued. “You could find yourself a nice gal, settle down. Not me. I’ve never been attracted to women and I wouldn't even know where to start to fake it. ‘Hey, nice absence of a penis. That’s super sexy.’ Doesn’t sound great, does it?”
Steve went upstairs with James to his bedroom while the other man got changed for their evening out. He sat on the end of his bed, sipping the drink Dmitri had made for him. They wouldn’t leave until Dugan was back to accompany them.
“I suppose that’s the end of the happier portion of this afternoon,” Steve said, leaning back and sighing. He had hoped for at least a little more easy conversation before they got into the depths of their guilt and shame and regret.
“Steve, c’mon. Sarah is waiting. And so is breakfast.” Tony spoke hurriedly and rushed out of the room to his bathroom, locking the door and sliding down behind it.
Pepper told him about the wedding preparations, described her wedding dress she had gotten from one of her aunts—the veil that her mom had worn on her wedding day, the bouquet of dried flowers she had from her grandmother. It reminded him of the small chest of things his own mother had collected for his sister for her wedding day. After his sister had died, his mother had burnt everything in the fire in the living room. Howard had complained about the smell but his mother hadn’t said anything.
“Tony gets it without you needing to explain. I know, don’t worry. I’m just happy you have that.” Clint gave him a small smile. “Hungry?”
James flipped his paper down again and looked over at him, took in the poorly concealed scowl on Clint’s face and laughed.
Just as Sarah had predicted, Steve was rarely ever to be seen and Tony let him be. Imagining himself being in a situation like his, he most likely wouldn’t want to talk to anyone either. He went about business and got to know the men Steve was closest with. They shared some stories about him which made Tony wonder about the person he used to be and who he was now apart from what he already knew.
Clint chuckled. “It’s my fault. I snuck up on him and then actually touched him when he was stressed. He dropped the knife before I kissed him.”
“Yes,” Steve answered without hesitation. “His family all fell ill, didn’t make it. Except for his younger brother but he’s got school to finish before he can go traveling.”
He was pushed down into a chair at a desk and he glanced around when the men who had brought him in stepped away. Clint didn’t move, sensing something was up and then his suspicions were confirmed and a very well-dressed man entered the room, looking over at Clint with what he could only describe as disgust.
The rest of the drive they spent chatting and sightseeing. Tony would point to something and Steve would do his best to explain what it was or where they were. They turned the radio on for a little while and hummed along to the few tunes they knew and before they knew it, they had arrived.
Tony dreamt of Howard, the night on which he had been so scared for his life, saying goodbye to his brother. The dream shifted and he saw Steve who held him securely against his chest, making Tony look smaller than he was. And then he heard his sister call his name and wave at him. He knew it was a dream because she was laughing and smiling, which she rarely ever did. Behind her was their mother, her hands resting on Daniella’s shoulders. Her mouth opened and she was saying something, but before the words could reach Tony, he woke up.
Tony listened to every word and nodded. This was going to be the difficult part since he was so used to being himself with Steve.
He went down the stairs, straightening himself up as he did. He grabbed his things from the living room and waved goodbye to the three still in the kitchen without a word. Sarah dropped everything and went after him.
“I’d quite like vanilla sauce as well,” Sarah said, coming into the kitchen now freshened up and changed, Steve a few steps behind her. He’d made his shower quick.
Tony pressed his lips together for a moment and then he allowed himself to smile since there was nothing to be afraid of.
it. And he didn’t like that horrendous nickname ‘Bucky’ that Clint was so fond of calling him, but again he didn’t
“Yes,” he admitted, resting his hand on Tony’s slim waist, loving the way Tony always looked at him afterwards. Steve did feel better
Steve hated it when James was right. Hated it with a passion. “You shouldn’t have to ask,” he said, “and from now on you won’t.” He didn’t know what to say about the second thing. He supposed—hoped—that would come with time. He was looking into Tony’s eyes, searching them. “I wanna do right by you. I’m just learning how.”
“Really?” Steve asked, sounding even more surprised. “Huh.” Steve wasn’t much around kids but he liked them. He knew
Steve wanted to say yes so badly. He wanted to remember what it was like to be with someone who cared about him, who knew him but he just couldn’t. He’d worked too long to get over James just to have meaningless sex now because it would never be meaningless. He was confused enough as it was with Tony, he didn’t need to add to it.
“When will Natalia come visit again?” Benni asked as he collected the soup plates. “I want her to teach me more things.”
He found himself in a room not unlike the one in which Sarah, James and he had waited only a few weeks ago. Sarah was leaned against James with her eyes closed. As if she knew that Tony was looking at her, she raised her head and looked at him.
Steve turned to talk to James who had been standing beside him and startled when he noticed the man was gone. So was Dmitri. There was no sign of them anywhere. There wasn’t even a car.
Dmitri came back in, his eyes going to Jones for a moment where he could see his shoulders shaking and then back to Tony, “Steve’s waking up. Go now and you’ll be there before he opens his eyes,” he told him, moving to point at Dugan’s untouched bread roll. “Eat.”
“Wow, firefighter by day, fire detective by night. Sexy,” Tony teased, leaning forward quickly to steal another kiss. “Is it important?”
Steve nodded and held Tony tighter. Dugan came over with the folders and put them on the side of the bed and opened the one on the top. “Unfortunately, not everyone has my brand of loyalty. Or rather, any at all.” He turned it around and Steve saw the familiar face. “I can’t find him but he wasn’t happy when he left.”
The next day Tony opened the store and started working despite the swelling in his face and the pain that was numbing everything else. For the first time ever he heard Pepper gasp when she saw him and he felt sorry that she had to see him like that to begin with.
.” She smiled as she always did and hugged Benni, greeting him in Gaelic. It was a morning like every other morning ever since they got there but Tony wasn’t sure if it was the calm before the storm or not. He remembered Sarah telling him that her priority was her son. Steve was his priority too and he would tell her that. If he ever managed to speak again.
It was so casual, so normal. Steve got up without hesitation, not having to fear for Tony and then right there was James too. “I’m okay,” Tony answered. “Clint is a great guy, James.”
“You crack me up, Pep.” He let out a sigh when he sat back down in front of her at the dining table.
Last year around this time, Tony had found peace with the idea that he would die soon; that he wouldn’t live to turn twenty. Now he wasn’t ready to let go. There was still some fight left in him and he would be damned if he gave up just like this.
He hummed at the kiss, reaching out blindly to rest a hand on his shoulder. “No, please don’t go. Even if I sleep, please stay.”
“It makes sense,” James said. “Shared trauma. And it’s a situation in which Steve and I have only ever been on the other side of. We could never hope to understand what they’re going through.”
Tony looked at Steve, unsure what to make of the situation he was in. “Why are you so angry?” he asked, breathless as if he was the one working out.
“Aw,” James said sweetly and Clint was already rolling his eyes. “What was that you called me? Oh, right. What a
“I…” He hesitated. The sex was great, fantastic, best Tony had had in who knows how long but Steve was also just sweet and polite and funny. “I don’t know but it’s—I don’t think this is a one and done kind of thing. I mean, he asked for a second date.”
There was a loud slap on the other end of the line and James swore under his breath in Russian, gritting his teeth and once again imagining all the ways he would find to hurt Bakuto once they had them back. There was no way in hell he would let him off with a quick death.
With the light on he could see Steve next to him. He traced the strong features of his face down to his neck and shoulders, tracing smaller and bigger scars that were scattered around on his torso, each one telling a different story. Those that were still the freshest were hurtful reminders of how close Steve had come to being killed. And now they were here, in the middle of nowhere together. Just the two of them.
Tony grabbed his jacket for an extra layer of protection, even though it wouldn’t make much of a difference.
“You’re more than welcome. And hey, no pressure but Melinda would probably kick my ass if I didn’t at least say the raise would be nice. I do have a baby girl now.”
“But if we don’t, they’ll pretend everything is fine and just get worse. They have each other to get through this and so do we,” James said. “And the last thing either of them need is us piling our guilt on them.”
Clint got to his feet, a little shaky, but stormed forward, his fist sailing through the air and connecting loudly with the jaw of the man who had hit Tony. There was a crack and the guy stumbled backwards and the second one dropped the food in their room and grabbed the guy Clint had hit.
“See you in a minute,” he promised and closed the door without making a sound. Once the door was locked, he slid the keys into the inner pocket of his jacket, holding them there with one hand so that they wouldn’t make any noise.
“We’ll find ‘em. You know we will,” Steve said with a certainty James couldn’t quite muster up at that moment. There was no doubt in Steve’s mind that he would get Tony back one way or another. That simply wasn’t an option for him. Having Tony in his future was just a given.
“You’re not going to let this go, are you?” He sighed when Steve just looked at him with a hint of a smile on those stunning lips. “Fine. Don’t blame me if it doesn’t sound good. You’ve been warned.”
Steve was surprised. He hadn’t thought Tony would want to do it after admitting to never wanting to see him again. His question was even more shocking. He hadn’t expected him to be the weapon-using type. He was about to ask Tony when he would want to start when he remembered it wouldn’t be for a little while longer. “Once your arm’s healed, we’ll start. Sound like a plan?”
“Alright,” Steve said simply. He wouldn’t press it but he would also still be careful. One day, when this was far behind them, he would stop holding back but for now he would not. “Last night
“He’s inside waiting,” he told him, keeping his voice soft and opening the door. The kid seemed a tad skittish.
Steve was sitting up more now, more awake, listening to Tony. He realized then and there that he’d never really gotten Tony to talk a lot. Conversations here and there, answers to Steve’s questions and remarks but not a lot of talking. Dinner had been the most and this was second place. Steve’s heart fluttered once again—as it had at dinner—at hearing Tony’s accent.
“Right, yeah, I remember him. That was gross. You guys were so overly sexual. I’m glad that ended. But again, that was, what? Last year? Come on, Steve.”
James tossed his paper onto the floor and wrapped his arms around Clint, pulling him over into his arms to hold him. He rested his face in Clint’s hair and breathed in slowly and deeply.
“Steve and I had a drink,” James added, taking the seat beside Clint after doing the best he could to weigh the advantages and disadvantages of sitting in Clint’s lap.
“I know a guy who owns a hospital,” Steve said, smiling now too. “Think he has an ambulance to spare?”
Suddenly Steve remembered he wasn’t the only one there. “Dugan? And Jones?” He looked at James and Tony and Sarah, noticing Benni wasn’t there but he would ask about him next.
Steve exhaled sharply. Steve wasn’t sure he would’ve been able to share that with a straight face the way James did.
“Liar,” he laughed, wincing and James’ hand moved to his forehead to steady him, his fingers moving down to gently caress his cheek. “I feel like shit. What happened?”
“You’re the same age as me, right?” Steve asked and Rhodey nodded, so done with this entire interaction.
Tony laughed. He was most definitely not the early type but a part of him was scared Steve wouldn’t show up. He also hadn’t seen the place in person before and wanted to make sure the Yelp reviews and Instagram posts weren’t lying. And they weren’t, it was nice.
It all happened so fast that Tony didn’t quite know if it was real or not. It was overwhelming and too good to be true, wasn’t it? One moment he was clinging to Clint and the next there was Steve. Steve!
He was laying on something soft. It wasn’t anywhere near as soft as James’ bed but it was a step up from the hard cot he had been on the last four weeks. He wiggled and swore quietly as pain shot through his head, likely from that punch he had received. He rubbed the area between his eyebrows, closing his eyes, and slowly sitting up.
,” he groaned in annoyance and Steve could hear him stumbling around trying to get dressed in a hurry.
“I was thinking maybe, Jones, you should make that thing with the duck,” Dugan said loud enough for Steve to hear and add his two bits in case he wasn’t feeling up to having that meal.
“A little,” James said, shaking the blood off his fist, watching the droplets hit the ground with a cruel smile on his face. He closed his eyes, cracking his neck, and exhaled slowly, looking over at Steve. “If you want a go, I’d wait a bit or else he’ll black out.”
A moment later and he was even able to stand and refill his glass. Heading back over to the couch, he tried to ignore all the suggestions that popped into his mind when Tony asked.
They were led inside towards the back and through some heavy curtains that completely separated the front of the restaurant from the space they now entered. There were a few tables there but they were seated at a large one by a window. A man took their coats and furs, not even offering them the little ticket in order to reclaim them. Clint almost spoke up when James shook his head.
“I know, I know. I may be joking and carrying on right now but don’t let it fool you. I’m serious as a heart attack. Only reason I’m making it into a joke is to underline to you just how hilariously wrong you are.”
Steve came into the gym, loading his gun and putting it into his holster and motioned for Dugan to come, nodding briefly to Tony as he left out, Dugan immediately following without another word.
“Is that surprise I hear, young man?” Sarah scoffed and put her knitting away to come and kiss them both on their cheeks. “Where have you been?”
She moved closer and he allowed her to reposition them both so they were shoulder to shoulder and she had both of his hands on hers and her head on his shoulder. “I hate that you ever thought I’d think any less of you for it.”
When Steve sat up, creating more space between them Tony got scared. He should have not said that. He was going to lose Steve. That was it? He sat up as well, bracing himself for whatever was going to come as he looked down at the couch.
Steve thought about it for a second. They had made a deal with Madame Gao, seeing as she had helped them after all, to hand over Bakuto’s estates to her. She wanted the territory and that was perfectly fine with Steve and James because it already bled into her other territories in Queens. In exchange, she had offered Steve and James a joint five percent of whatever her gambling rings accumulated. They had turned her down, saying she had more than earned Bakuto’s territory on the basis of the information she had provided. It was also an act of good faith on Steve and James’ part that would hopefully strengthen the only alliance within the six—now five—mob bosses that they cared about.
Clint watched him a moment longer but didn’t say anything. “Alright,” he said but he wasn’t about to give up on the idea. He was sure they were looking for them, he knew they would find them, but he did not like being a damsel in distress. He wondered if having an actual plan would make a difference.
“Why what, Stark?” Steve asked, his eyes still on his coffee cup, swirling the dark liquid and taking a sip. He looked at him then and saw him shudder. “It’s my business. I’ll do as I please.”
Bucky laughed. “Hell no. I know exactly why you’re thanking me. I’m just grateful you actually listened for once. It’s hard getting things through that thick skull of yours, you know,” he told him, reaching up to knock his knuckles playfully against Steve’s forehead. “So what’s the plan for tomorrow’s date?”
Tony took the envelope and nodded. There was no way of knowing what he had written and at this point Tony was honestly scared. Outside the door Pepper was talking to Dugan and apparently she had made him laugh. At least she hadn’t been grim about being sent out. She was naturally curious and a talkative person but on the way back to the store Pepper was silent and they continued working without talking about the events from earlier. Howard hadn’t even noticed how long the both of them had been gone. He could entertain the noon crowd by himself. Tony hated to see him this friendly with neighbors, chatting with them and telling jokes. Once things had calmed down, Tony gave the envelope to Howard.
of questions and it was nice that he seemed genuinely interested in what Steve and the others did as well as
He woke up when he heard the door open. The movement and noise made him flinch, honestly scared that this was it now, that they were coming in to kill them both and send Steve and James parts of their bodies as proof. Instead of that, they put down the usual tray with food and water and left without saying anything. Tony was frozen in place where he was half-sitting, half-lying on his mattress and looked at Clint with wide eyes.
On the third day, after having worked until the early afternoon and then going back to training in the evening James joined them in the basement and after watching Tony for a while he walked up to him.
That thought hurt Steve’s heart. No, Tony might not have trusted Clint but at least he would have someone to talk to. Someone going through the same thing.
Despite the sad turn his own mind took, he tried to follow everything else Pepper was saying. Every now and then Sarah commented from the kitchen and asked her something. Maybe Sarah would have preferred a daughter-in-law to plan a wedding with, give her things of hers, and see Steve have a family. What if Pepper reminded her of that wish for her son?
“I know and I’m not keeping it to myself, it’s just… It’s a similar situation to you and Clint. There’s parts of this that James just gets. And you’re not hurting me.”
“I don’t know if it will.” He sighed and closed his eyes. “It’s nice to have you here. I can’t listen to music because it’s too loud. And the bed is too soft? Don’t tell Steve but sometimes I get up when he’s asleep and read a book.”
“Hello, my lovelies,” Sarah said and Clint did turn to look at her, offering her the best smile that he could manage and she returned it, coming over to sit on the side of the bed. Clint sat up a little more, craning his neck to see behind her but the door was closed. Sarah frowned slightly, a hand on his ankle. “He wasn’t quite up for a visit today.”
“Five dollars,” he said quickly, his eyes darting to Steve and then away again. Steve was listening but it didn’t look like it from where he was peacefully eating his sandwich and drinking his coffee. And thinking more about that boy.
Clint nodded again, not having noticed James’ internal scolding of himself. James watched Clint’s face carefully, not believing that Clint had accepted he wasn’t at fault for his own abduction and torture. The last person in the world at fault was Clint. Or Tony.
When they were finally full and James had called in Vitaly to make them coffee, they started discussing the real reason why James had asked them there. In all truthfulness he had only wanted to talk to Natalia but he didn’t like the idea of always pulling her away from Maria, so he’d invited her along as well if she was free.
“They were here,” Steve said and if his voice sounded small and broken no one dared to comment on it. He opened his hand to reveal them to James.
“For what I’ve done,” he corrected firmly, moving to sit next to Tony, instinctively putting a hand on his knee again. “This isn’t a temporary thing. I’ve done it. It’s—
He was rested, relaxed, and in love. He was about to go on holiday—or his honeymoon, as he had been referring to it in his own head—with the absolute love of his life, the man he never ever thought he would get to have, and he couldn’t be happier. He just hoped, as he had been ever since he first started planning this was James, that Tony would love it too.
. He pulled Tony onto his lap, wrapping his arms around him, and burying his face in between his shoulder blades. He raised his head but only enough that now his nose was pressed against the silky soft baby hair on the back of his neck. He pressed a kiss there.
Steve sighed, quick and deep and nervous. “Okay,” he said, grabbing Tony’s face as gently as possible, having imagined this moment over and over and over in his daydreams. He tilted his face up and closed his eyes as he caught Tony’s lips in a kiss. Steve sighed into it like he was dying and Tony’s lips were the cure.
.” James chuckled. “I know what you’ve done for me and I know that I’m happy with you and for me, that’s all that matters.”
“Looks tops, ma,” Steve said, helping Tony to sit down and then sitting beside him. Benni took what seemed to be his usual seat, scooting up happily.
Or perhaps starstruck wasn’t the right word, James thought as he got a better look at her face. There was a definite awe in her expression but it was coupled with a few less positive emotions.
“Sam, Tony. Tony, Sam,” Steve introduced. “Long story short, he’s Rhodes’ roommate. He got drunk, climbed the fire escape to the wrong apartment, and slept on our couch. Rhodey’s coming to get him.”
Maybe he would. Maybe he’d ask Steve. Thinking about his name, he remembered the warmth of his hand on his knee, his hands and fingers working on his skin. He closed his eyes, thinking back to the feeling and when he opened his eyes again, he saw the deli. How was he supposed to explain all the things he was given? Being driven home?
brave. It was such a large part of what James liked about him. Sure, he was afraid of things but he didn’t let that stop him.
Despite Steve and James’ requests and suggestions for heightened security, they must reluctantly accept that they’re dating equally stubborn and persuasive men. Unfortunately, this is one time Clint and Tony should’ve listened.
On the fourth day, Sarah and Benni saw Steve leave. He was grabbing a muffin from the kitchen that she and Benni had made as he headed out and they made it in just in time to say goodbye to him. That was it.
The next few days were uneventful but also very lonely. Tony hesitated many times before he reached out to Clint just to talk to him every now and then. Other than that he spent a lot of time reading and making bread or pasta, especially all of his little brother’s the favorites.
Tony entered the room slowly and found Benni sitting in a corner, hugging his legs close. A position he had seen the boy in way too many times.
Sarah was now sitting in his chair and smiling up to Tony. Not having expected her there, he stopped for a moment.
“You’re more than welcome,” he told him, drying out the empty sink now. They were done washing up. Steve took the teatowel from Tony and hung them on their hooks to dry and stayed there for a moment, debating. He walked over to Tony with determination, acting while the impulse overpowered his rationality. He pulled him into a hug and stayed there for a moment. Longer than the last time he’d impulsively hugged him—tighter too, even letting his head drop onto Tony’s for a brief moment. He hadn’t noticed that their height difference was so profound until now. “We’re all happier with you around,” he told him again.
Benni reached his hand out and led Tony to the car, staying close to his brother the whole ride until they were back and Tony was on the couch. Sarah didn’t like him in his street clothes in his clean bed. She covered Tony up.
Steve was all too familiar with being touched like that by James and he missed it. It had been years and they didn’t often get moments together as private as this one. It was different from the touches he got from those he spent the night with at James’ brothel, as they were planning to do again now. Those people didn’t know Steve.
“James being an asshole is easy to stomach compared to everything else in my head right now,” he said. He couldn’t let anything happen to him. He wouldn’t leave Tony. “I know you have more questions. I haven’t been the most forthcoming.”
Steve stopped, not coming any closer, and Clint looked away, irritated and, quite frankly, embarrassed.
Clint and Tony are home but they're a long ways from being alright. James and Steve brainstorm ways to make their homecoming easier. As per usual, Sarah Rogers comes in clutch.
The light sleeper that Tony was, he woke as soon as he heard movement. He expected the door to open and for the men to come back and beat them some more. When that didn’t happen, he focused on the rustling and noises coming from the other end of the room where Clint was.
Clint was eating his dinner while James simply watched him. It was almost uncomfortable until Clint turned to meet his eyes and James blew him a kiss, his expression so incredibly soft and in love.
They shuffled through, the first floor, Barton and Romanoff on the second, and Odinson and Maximoff on the third.
It was Sarah who found Steve and Tony hours later still curled up asleep on the couch. She could tell by the way Tony was rolled up into a ball against Steve’s side that he wasn’t handling it very well. Not that there was a good way to handle it and not that it came as a shock that he’d handle it this way either, but still.
Steve’s grip on the glass tightened when Tony spoke and he sighed inwardly, trying to keep his face as reassuring and comforting for Tony as possible, not worried.
Dugan turned the store's plate from ‘open’ to ‘closed’ and let down the door’s blinds. Pepper chuckled and greeted them in Gaelic. One look from Mr Rogers and Dugan opened the store again. Tony watched from where he was standing and greeted them.
When they finally made it back to the house, Natalia was confused. They should have dropped her and Maria off first and then made the way out to Brooklyn. It made the most sense.
“Don’t let him hear that because that doesn’t sound like stealing your dog would ever have consequences.” He sat down at the table next to Clint. Slowly he was starting to get worried about Sarah and where she was. “That’s nice. I want to get to know Natalia. We should invite her here too.”
Tony looked at his wrist where there should be a watch and he pretended to be thinking about something. “Sure, but make it quick. I have a busy evening ahead.” He tried to say it seriously but one look at Steve and he had to smile. Something about Tony changed when he was with Steve. There was a side to him he didn’t know existed but that Steve brought out. He felt lighter and warmer than ever before.
. It fit him so well even though it was so ordinary. “I’ll make sure to ask him when I see him the next time then,” he answered and looked back out the window.
“Steve… you sound like the little one when I don’t allow him sweets before dinner. And then Sarah comes and gives him some anyways.” He smiled and put a hand on Steve’s cheek to turn his face towards him. “He said I shouldn’t have to ask to know what’s going on with you. That I should know your business. And he said the fact that I don’t realize you’re scared says more than enough for him.”
They stopped off in town first like Steve said to pick up groceries. Steve went after the basics like eggs, bread, some vegetables, and milk while he let Tony roam the shop for any particulars he might want.
Steve and James exchanged a look and then burst into laughter, making Bakuto scowl or at least it looked like a scowl. His expression was hard to read, what with all the blood and swelling.
“If you want to call it that. I’m an errand boy and help here and there. Mainly making the best coffee any of them have ever had.” He grinned. Steve hadn’t told him to keep it a secret but from the way they were working around in order for no one to see that Tony was running the books now, he figured it would be a good idea not to tell her the truth. And he did still insist on making the coffee twice a day.
“How do you feel about…” he trailed off, using his hands to indicate opening the door and walking out, hoping Tony would get it because he wasn’t sure if someone was listening.
Steve licked his lips, watching Tony speak, his heart racing like it was going to fly right out of his chest. Steve had heard Italian before, always thought it was a nice language, but now coming out of Tony’s mouth, it was
James reached over and grabbed his hand, intertwining their fingers. He squeezed comfortingly and Clint laughed but it was pretty obvious that he only did so to mask the pain.
He left the store and saw Pepper chatting away with one of her friends who came to visit her every now and then.
“May 29th. You told me a while ago you’d be nineteen in May and then I got the rest off your medical records,” he said, grinning.
Steve gave him a tired smile. “Like it so far?” He was going to take James’ advice. Well not advice,
The other odd occurrence was the amount of food. It was the same semi-stale bread roll and potato but there was a little meat on the plate. Nothing fancy, just some heated up spam, but it was more than they had been getting the last few weeks. Although it alerted Clint to the fact that whoever had taken them was not getting what he wanted so he needed to keep Clint and Tony around a while longer. Clint was both relieved and saddened by that fact.
Steve rounded the corner into the living room first to find Tony waking up at the sound, his head on Clint’s shoulder and their hands still intertwined. Clint was still asleep, his head tilted back and a soft snore coming from him.
Nat leaned up and pressed a kiss to Clint’s cheek. “You don’t know how relieved I am to hear that. I didn’t want you going off to France holding all of that in.”
He washed his hands and continued with the dinner preparations and the dessert. “How many siblings do you have?”
Tony took his hand and he pulled him up with a smooth tug into his arms. Tony bumped into him with the force of the pull and Steve chuckled before arranging them properly, Tony’s right hand in his left, Steve’s other hand low on Tony’s back and Tony’s left hand on Steve’s shoulder. They danced slowly to the music. Steve was watching Tony’s face at first and then he pulled him closer, tilting his head so their cheeks were close to one another’s, Steve’s nose nuzzled against Tony’s ear.
“I gotta go back before Steve wakes up,” he mumbled more to himself than to Clint. “Don’t want him to worry.”
Sarah scoffed and Steve was grinning, chewing on a piece of toast. “I’ll just start leaving money in your pockets. His too,” she said, pointing at Benni. “No one in my house is leaving out ill-prepared,” she said, only barely stopping herself from saying ‘no child of mine’. She helped herself and Steve to more eggs although his appetite was still not fully back, and added, “And if you’re so deeply against using it for yourself, you can bring me one of those chocolate covered strawberries they sell at the zoo.”
James went to take a nap in their room, Steve headed to get changed, which left Clint, Lucky, and Tony. They moved to the kitchen where Tony started preparing a pot roast and gave Clint the easy task of chopping apples for the pie.
Steve shook his head. “No. I wouldn’t have done it so fast to my own da but then again, had he killed my ma I would’ve.”
“Hi.” He smiled and then frowned almost immediately. “Did you run to the phone because you missed me so much?” He asked weakly. It was supposed to be a joke but somehow he knew that something must have happened.
This was their family now. Where Tony and his brother belonged. This was where he would come home to for the rest of his life. Did he miss working in the deli? Yes, sometimes. He missed the routine of making various dishes and sandwiches. He missed learning new recipes from his mother and cooking with her. Most of all he missed his little sister.
—happy stuff, sad stuff, everything in between. I’ve seen a lot of friendships and relationships made at the bar. Makes me happy that a space I’ve created can be that for them.”
“No, no you can’t and I won’t let you.” Tony got up and took the can with him to dump the contents. Seeing Steve laugh as wholeheartedly as he did was simply beautiful. Tony would love to give him all the reasons to make him laugh like that all the time. For now his priority was proper joe. Falsworth was grumbling under his breath but Tony didn’t pay any attention to it while he inspected the coffee machine. “First of all, when did you last clean this? It looks disgusting. And that’s not nearly enough coffee in there.” With only one good hand he couldn’t do much so he ordered Falsworth around, telling him what to do. While he did so his Italian accent came through a lot more as it usually did when he was getting worked up.
When the explosion sounded, his first instinct was to scan the crowd of civilians who had gathered around to watch and his eyes fell on one man who immediately turned and started to leave. Bucky didn’t hesitate, he took after him and there was more than enough incriminating evidence in the man’s backpack to support his actions and his immediate arrest.
He gave up on his clothes and just pushed Steve’s pants down and his shirt up. Yes, this was much better and easier. He turned them around so that Steve was against the wall as he got down on his knees.
Steve watched him a moment, wondering what was going on in that beautiful head of his. Steve had an idea of what it might be but it was far-fetched and a dream at most. Still tonight, he decided to give himself a little hope, a little ‘maybe’.
marry but Clint would be damned if he let James slip out of his grip. “Better invite me to the wedding.”
, had been what Tony replied to that for the past few days but he found it didn’t really work at all. So he moved half the office to the hospital room, which Sarah didn’t like either, but between Sarah and Steve and his own boredom, Tony chose what would make the majority of them somewhat happy.
He wanted to talk to Clint, but he wasn’t quite sure where to start. Steve didn’t talk about the war and Tony didn’t want to know. The nights when he had nightmares about the things he had experienced were more than enough for him. Tony didn’t know James all that well either, so there wasn’t a lot for him to say there.
By the second night he was used to the up and down, the soft swaying of the ship, and the sound of the water and the engines. There wasn’t much to do apart from reading and looking out at the sea, not that Tony minded that. Thanks to Steve’s constant spoiling he was used to not being productive all day everyday.
He sat down next to Steve and watched his chest rise and fall slowly. He knew he should tell Sarah that everyone was going to sleep but he couldn’t bring himself to get up. Even though there was no danger, Tony felt the urge to protect his sleeping man at all costs. Keep him safe so he could sleep peacefully like he deserved. He was determined to stay up and watch over him like a hawk if he had to, but soon enough the steady sound of Steve’s breathing made him fall asleep too.
“So?” He finally asked after almost running out of breath kissing him. Steve still felt a sense of urgency when it came to being with Tony. He knew he was safe inside the house, it wasn’t that, it was more of a distinct and stabbing fear that Tony would snap out of this and decide it was disgusting and that Steve was too. He had to use every opportunity because he had an irrational fear that someday he would run out of them. “How did he take it?”
Of course it hurt that Steve thought that he might have doubts about their relationship but it would be a cold day in hell before Tony ever admitted that. “I don’t want to see the world. I’m already experiencing more than I ever have. But if that's what bothers you, then let’s go somewhere. Let’s go to Ireland and get away from everything. Just you and me.”
She headed off in the direction of her truck and Steve and Bucky went the other way towards their shared car in silence, both deep in thought about what had just happened. Steve made the call to Jefferson Davis and when he hung up, Bucky was watching him.
The most annoying part was that Clint couldn’t even explain to himself why he had such a hard time talking to James about it. He could talk to Tony about it because the shared trauma meant instant understanding, he could talk to Nat because, hell, he’d known her since they were teenagers, and not that he thought James
Both were turned towards the source of the noise, smiling, happier now that their men had returned. James and Steve came into the kitchen with all the grace and elegance of a bull on rollerblades. Steve bumped into a chair and James stumbled a bit, the alcohol really hitting them now. They’d finished off their second bottle in the car.
“The last time you were that far away, I spent every day wondering if I’d ever see you again,” Natalia confessed and Clint only tightened his hold on her in response. “At least this time I won’t have to worry about that. Well—”
Steve was quiet for most of the ride back and so was James. Dmitri and Dugan, allowing their bosses to set the tone for the ride, remained silent as well. James and Steve could feel the tension in the car, though. Despite the information Gao had provided James with, it had been a day already and no call from Bakuto with demands of any kind. What if this wasn’t a ransom situation but rather a message? What if there was no scenario where Steve and James ever got to see and hold their guys again? They wouldn’t put it past Bakuto.
She had lifted her tea to her lips but stopped, her eyes raising to meet James’. “Do you plan to kill him?”
Steve tossed the guy in roughly and he almost didn’t manage to stay upright at the force of the shove. He caught himself on the couch and straightened up. Jones came in a moment later, hands on his hips which threw his suit jacket back and made the gun on his hip very visible.
“Dmitri bringing some of your stew?” Clint asked. He was awake again and feeling better despite his leg. He at least felt rested for the first time in weeks and that morning he’d nearly eaten his weight in jello. Didn’t mean he wasn’t hungry again though.
“Better now,” Tony answered honestly. “But if you attempt to leave this bed, I will not hesitate to chain you to it.” He went to fill a glass with water, helping him to drink a little. “You should rest.” He pulled the blanket back up over Steve’s body.
Steve shook his head and felt he should explain. “She’s never seen that side of me,” he said, wrapping an arm around Tony’s shoulders and resting his head on top of Tony’s. He sighed, closing his eyes. “No, I don’t need anything. I’m fine. You need food? I promise I won’t leave my bed if you do.”
Steve motioned for them to continue downstairs into the living room and he shut the doors to it like he had the other night while he played piano. They sat on the couch facing one another and he thought about carrying on their conversation but he just didn’t have it in him to talk about Tony. So he changed the topic slightly.
Tony listened to them, not wanting to push them to talk more about the war since it was always a touchy subject, which was understandable of course. He nodded to Steve to give him a sign that he understood. Speaking in a different language was impolite and he didn’t want to arouse suspicion.
Not liking total silence in this situation, he slipped the hearing aid back in and turned it on, hearing the slight shuffle of footsteps outside the door and he tensed but nothing happened. No one came in.
“Green. Lush. Best when it’s raining. When it’s sunny, it's nice but when it rains… boy. There’s just this atmosphere it creates,  everybody’s chuffed to be out in it, singin’ an’ dancin’. I love it, it’s a grand thing.” He didn’t realize how much he missed it until Tony asked him.
James wasn’t aware that Fitz didn’t know. He gave Fitz a mischievous smile and turned to continue pulling Clint along. James led him around the back where Dmitri was still in the car. James hadn’t been sure what was going on but just in case they needed a speedy departure, he had asked him to stay in the car rather than go into the bar.
Steve opened it, flipping through photographs and documents. He recognized a few faces, others seemed familiar but he couldn’t place them and one was too familiar for comfort.
Tony closed his eyes and tried to hide away from the noise of fighting. All of that right after talking about his father was too much.
James and Steve watched from a distance while Tony visited the graves of his mother and little sister, bringing them flowers. Behind Steve and James stood Dugan and Dmitri but some ways back, unable to hear their whispered conversation
Steve felt a little sick to his stomach seeing Tony react like that. Tony was wrong. Someone was at fault. Bakuto was at fault,
With a few more directions from Steve, the four men descended on the warehouse, quiet as a church mouse but considerably deadlier.
Benni cried silently against Tony’s shoulder and there was nothing Tony could say to make it better. Maybe he just needed to get it out. Like he did the other day. Though for him there were different reasons. At one point the door opened slowly and Sarah looked at Tony still holding Benni and gently rocking him in his arms.
He came around the corner and the kitchen came into view. Tony was at the table beside Clint, chatting and showing Clint some spices. Clint must have asked about Italian food. Benni was still playing with Lucky, trying to teach him a new trick it seemed.
When he felt the bed under him he opened his eyes to look at Steve and see if it made sense. “Do you know what I mean?”
Steve arrived not long after the phone call was made, having to go home first and change. He debated pulling Benni out of school but figured, from what he knew of Tony’s protective nature, that he’d rather him not miss and be brought to the hospital afterwards.
Forever the reliable one, Pepper got there two minutes before the grandfather clock chimed and announced 3pm. Benni was in his room doing his homework, Sarah was out doing her own thing, and Clint had called earlier just to check in, snacking on cereal without any milk or even pouring it into a bowl.
“You seem nervous,” Steve said, his voice low and menacing. O’Shea swallowed hard and put the papers back down.
It was very unlike him not to notice someone entering the room. The fact that Steve had managed meant that either Tony was trusting him more than he was aware or that Steve was just a lot sneakier. Slowly he sat back down and took deep breaths. It was fine. If there was someone he could trust, it was Steve.
“Has that always been the case or did you change things after you took over?” Steve asked, finishing the last of his wine and within a few seconds the waitress was back at his table to refill it.
James clenched his fist around the hearing aid in his hand, his eyes stinging as he stared out the window. Bakuto had so much pain to look forward to in his immediate future.
Tony put the potato down, his appetite gone. Nothing was the same without him. Tony would gladly not eat, sleep, or shower and he would endure it all, if he could only be with Steve.
Tony couldn’t remember much after that. The next thing he knew he was getting changed in his and Steve’s bedroom. He was alone but he knew where he was. One glance at the bedside table and the clock there told him that dinner would be served soon.
He looked him in his eyes and said, keeping his voice steady, “Sometimes. Sometimes you can forget but it never truly goes away. There are some I’ve forgotten but that tends to happen when your body count is where mine is,” he said. He came over and sat down on the couch next to Tony. He reached out, putting a hand on Tony’s knee very lightly, just as an added bit of comfort. “But I still remember the first one.”
Steve threw his hands in the air, exasperated. It had been so long since he and James had had a one-on-one like this that he’d almost forgotten they were pretty evenly matched in the hardheadedness department.
“There’s someone on the third floor in one of the north-facing rooms, Romanoff and Val are bringing up the aerial ladder and backboard, can you get in there and get them out?”
“And he knows you did,” Steve added, taking the tiny hand that fell out of Tony’s lap when he moved Benni, and holding it. “He knows.”
Clint looked up away from James who had been practicing a new word in ASL while Steve alternated between watching on curiously and watching Tony. Clint knew a ‘please leave’ when he heard it and so did James.
Sure, flying was about as neat as it got these days. He was fascinated by the physics of it all even if he would never admit that out loud to anyone but Clint but that didn’t mean he liked the reality of it.
“But it is mine to take,” James snapped. “I should’ve told you about Bakuto when I first heard about him. I shouldn’t have let Clint go out without me by his side, I shouldn’t have bothered Clint at all!” James whisper-hissed and Steve was surprised to say the least.
As promised he ate and drank a little, making Steve drink a little too. It helped him feel less controlled and watched, even though he knew that Steve only meant well.
Tony washed his face, looking at his reflection. There were still yellow and greenish leftovers from the bruises, the stitched up wounds were red and looked angry but other than that his face was back to normal. A face that looked nothing like Steve’s. Nowhere near that perfect face with those bright eyes.
“What do you want to call me, pet?” She asked with a smile and wrapped an apron around him to keep his clothes clean while helping out. When he didn’t reply she looked at him while the sink filled with water. “Why don’t you call me Aintín for now, hm?”
Steve’s eyes were still on Tony and he spoke again slowly, his voice dropping another octave, “Tell me something. And I want the truth.” He waited a beat. “Did your brother deserve a beating?”
Steve indicated with two fingers for Dmitri and Dugan to sweep and re-secure the building and the perimeter and they immediately headed off.
The deli wasn’t far from Steve’s office. If something like that existed there, others would know Steve was allowing it. Maybe it was time to be more open in his support, come what may. He would have to think about it.
“Not that smart. I mean he stole from us. Us,” James repeated emphatically. He walked around to the other side of the desk, sheathing his knife and planting both hands firmly on top of the desk. “We can’t separate and we only have one shot.”
“I’m not but I never wanted to have to fight for my life again either. No matter how stupid that is. Seeing as I’m with a mob boss.” He sighed and focused on Clint’s words instead. His mind was made up even if Tony’s wasn’t. That was obvious. He had thought through every detail and had an answer to every doubt Tony had. “How…” He had to pause, his voice shaking. “How am I getting out of here?”
They pulled away from each other and Tony felt as if he was floating. “Thank you,” he said sincerely. “You… are amazing.” He smiled just before the clock made them realize what time it was. “I’ll see you later.”
“Well, you have the chance now,” Steve said, his voice low and dangerous. Loki felt a chill run up his spine. “And did this mystery man ever tell you his name?”
“Bruce? Remember what I said about understanding social cues? This is your cue to leave,” Tony said, giving him a pointed look.
“Alright, next time but nothing that will hurt you,” James added, going quiet when he realized that Clint was still talking, his voice just low and deep with the threat of imminent unconsciousness.
Since a few days ago at the hospital Tony hadn’t bothered to look at his reflection in a mirror. Days ago he had been hideous, his face covered with wounds and bruises in all shapes and colors. The stitches on two gashes on his head had been removed but even around them had been dark bruises. Tony didn’t fit in with this beautiful environment, these beautiful people. He didn’t deserve any of this.
Steve gave him a brief tour of the second floor they were on. On the left side of the hallway were his and Benni’s rooms and their own bathrooms on either side. Across the hall was his mother’s room and bathroom plus another guest room. At the end of the hall was his room. They didn’t go into that one, he just pointed at the closed door.
kill you?” Tony whisper-yelled. It wasn’t comforting that they really wanted something from James and therefore from Clint. Whatever happened to Clint affected Tony just as much. “Shouldn’t you be the one running if it is you they want? You’re faster and stronger.”
“Didn’t you want to see the birds? They’re right in that building over there.” But Benni only shook his head. “
They were both so thin and tired-looking and it broke Steve and James’ hearts. Steve swallowed back a wave of emotion at how light Tony felt in his arms. He should have never felt like this in Steve’s arms again.
Steve sighed. “I don’t know. He went back to Russia. Don’t know where or even how long for.” Sarah squeezed his hands. “I miss him something awful and I still… I feel terrible I couldn’t—“
“So date went well, you asked him out again,” Rhodey said and Steve took notice of the fact that these weren’t questions. “You like him?” Steve nodded. “Alright, then I feel obligated to say that Tony Stark is my
The week after the two usual men came to pick-up the money like they did every two weeks, only this time it was Tony who had to pay them while Howard was taking a nap in the back office. Unsure of how Howard usually treated them he gave each a sandwich and then tended to the customers who came in.
“I may still be a little salty, yes, but this is mostly because I don’t want this,” he said, making a sweeping gesture that encompassed
The guy winked and said, “Nah, on the house. You guys were the first responders two weeks ago to my cousin’s car accident. He’s alive because of you.”
“Stop, he’s about to pass out,” James told him. Howard was hung up on a wall by his wrists. Rough rope holding him there. He was stripped down to his underwear. They fed him just enough to keep him lucid. Steve did not want him to miss a single ounce of pain.
“Well, fuck me,” Jessica swore, kicking some litter that went flying into the street only to be run over by a bus. She looked up at the two men, chewing her bottom lip in thought, her hands on her hips. “Well, our arsonist was twenty fuckin’ feet away. You see anything, Barnes?”
Clint swallowed, not sure what to say to that. Months in and he still hadn’t figured out how to quickly respond to the raw, open emotion James had a habit of showing him.
“What’s it to you? What makes you think I-I’d be with a man?” he asked, trying to press more into the wall, to disappear from the danger right in front of him.
“What happened?” Clint asked, sitting up a little to see if he was hurt anywhere else, his eyelids still tinted a little red from the tears but all in all he felt better than he had.
“I’m sorry,” he said again but this time it was for more than that suggestion. It was for putting Tony in situations like this in the first place. For taking him from one stressful, life-threatening environment and bringing him into another. He hated himself for it sometimes.
Quietly he picked up the water and sniffed it, deciding to take a chance and sip it. He sighed in relief when it really was water. On the tray he found a bread roll, some potatoes, and a few slices of bologna. Not exactly the five star meals to which he had become accustomed but at least they were feeding him. That was a good sign that they didn’t plan to kill him right away.
Clint slipped his hand into Tony’s and gave it a squeeze. He would always be grateful to not have to go through this alone. “I’m glad you’re here too,” he said, his smile a little less sad this time.
Clint’s head rolled slowly to the side, his eyes opening. There was that beautiful dark blue James loved so much. He leaned forward to press a kiss right between his eyebrows and then another to his cheekbone and finally one to Clint’s lips.
Clint smiled. “‘Course you can. Anytime you want. Maybe you could even dog-sit sometime,” he added, his tone indicating that it was a question as he looked at Steve who looked at Tony.
“Well, before ol’ Bessy here, which is what I’ve named my cast, I was a pretty quiet dude. Clumsiness aside,” he said, sipping his milk. It had just reached the perfect temperature. “Uh, no, thanks. I’m all talked out. Company’s nice though and I’ll listen if you’d like to. Milk?” he asked, offering the glass.
“While I can’t wait for that to happen, I’d rather have you take care of yourself. Are you getting enough rest? Don’t make me worry about you.” He closed his eyes and imagined Steve in front of him. What he would give to be in front of him.
While Tony missed Steve as well, he simply continued to live his new life, try to make things as easy for Steve as he could. Even if Tony couldn’t sleep and was losing his appetite again. Not wanting to give Sarah another reason to worry, he went on as before but keeping more to himself. The worst times were the nights when he was alone and unable to sleep.
They discussed their business and how it was going or not going, in some cases. The Chinese were still doing well with heroin and opium production. The Harlem gang’s monopoly on crack and weapons had their business booming.
,” Steve asked, breathless. He moved away from him to sit on the bed and James sighed and joined him. Steve didn’t protest how closely he sat to him. It was normal. Or was it?
He thought about it for a minute before nodding and Dugan made the call. Later that evening they headed over.
A part of Clint hated that he was going to leave the pup again so soon. Despite not really having a say in the matter, he’d been gone for so long already last year and left Lucky probably thinking he’d been abandoned by him.
Clint let out a quiet laugh. “Actually, I have been. Sharing, I mean. Little bits here and there.” Natalia raised her eyebrows in surprise. “Yeah… it’s not so bad. He’s a good listener.”
He chuckled. “Good morning.” He cuddled closer, burying his head in the man’s side when the smell hit him.
“Nothing,” he said, forcing a smile. “You being here is enough.” Tony had all but recreated Steve’s office right there in the hospital room. He’d brought Steve books and he went over the accounts with him more than once, purely—Steve knew—to make Steve feel like he was contributing something. Dugan reported back every single detail to Steve and asked for his approval and advice on things Steve knew full well he didn’t need them on. The coddling was somehow worse than the inactivity but Steve felt like a flaming pile of shit for even thinking that, let alone telling them to stop because it was what he wanted, right?
Clint knew that smile Tony gave him. He knew it from seeing it on James’ face, especially in the beginning when he wanted to be polite and let Clint ramble on but didn’t seem to know what or how to add something himself. Clint was used to being the person who talked to fill silence.
For a while Tony and Pepper spoke about nothing in particular, watching their siblings before taking them to their homes.
Steve’s head dropped as he almost fell asleep where he was sitting beside Tony’s bed. The paper he was reading was on the floor, pages everywhere. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been out but outside it was dark but then again it was winter and the sun set at 3pm.
“I understand all those words separately but not worrying about Tony as a complete concept?” Rhodey shook his head and laughed. “He’s a work-in-progress.”
Benni got up as soon as he heard Sarah and headed straight to her for a hug. Tony barely even noticed as he was distracted by Steve and his voice so close to his ear.
James was fastening his cufflinks, his hair perfectly styled and his cheeks dusted with a light rosy color from the shower he had taken. He was wearing a dark blue suit that turned his eyes into a metallic blue color and Clint honestly felt the air go out of him at the sight of him standing there.
“What’s there to be sure of? Two weeks with nothing to show for and now we get this perfect piece of information and we’re just going to sit back and wait for another goddamn miracle?”
He looked up towards where Stark’s son had disappeared as he reached out for a sandwich. He was very obedient, it seemed, but a fighter? Not really. Or else Steve was imagining the marks on his face. His eyes flickered to Howard as he bit into the sandwich the boy had prepared. It was good. No, it was delicious. He might have to start requesting more meals from this deli.
Tony stayed like that, wanting Steve to release at least some of the tension he was holding. And for selfish reasons because he missed hugging him. That one, of course, didn’t matter at all. Well, maybe not as much as the first one.
“Did. You. Know. About. The. Kidnappings,” James asked again, enunciating each word carefully, his tone bordering on a snarl.
He turned to Tony. “Pinky’s a mechanic. He buys and fixes cars. He’s been working on a nice one just for us,” Steve explained, getting out of the car and going around to open the door for Tony.
, I was also just thinking about how, uh, comfortable it would be to, you know, um, be away from familiar surroundings again.” Actually that was true, it just took Clint too long to remember it so by the time he reached the end of his sentence, James was grinning at him.
It didn’t apply to saying ‘I love you’ but his aversion to raw emotions certainly did rear its ugly head anytime he got too close to talking about the war or the last few months. Even the times when James got a little too excited expressing how he felt about Clint. Sometimes it was just a blush followed by kisses and no words. Other times Clint might say ‘I love you so much.’ But most often, Clint would crack a joke, always seeming kind of overwhelmed.
Clint looked around, taking in what Tony was saying and only pausing to readjust his crutches and then continue after him.
Sarah was quiet a moment and then her expression changed from scared and worried to hard and cold. “James.” He looked over. “You do
They sat on the couch and Steve moved to hover just over Tony, gently pushing him down, not letting his full weight sit on him. He kissed him slowly, lovingly, trying to convey to Tony how much he meant to him without saying the words and scaring him off so soon.
Then the boy asked about the food—beef Stroganoff—and even ate a second portion of it which was unusual for him and prompted Sarah to be playfully offended. Tony was happy that things weren’t tense or awkward during dinner.
“One for me too, please,” Steve said, winking at Tony when he looked over. “This is for you,” he told him as he sat down at the kitchen table and put the piece of paper onto the table. “James called, gave me the number for their place though they won’t be there for another week or two I think. Clint said just in case you wanted to call.”
Tony looked at Sarah, appreciating how sweet she was, and then he turned back to Steve. ‘Handle it as he normally would’, he said. He knew Steve would do anything to protect them and their relationship.
She nodded. “I’ve just passed the two of them in the sitting room,” she said, a gentle smile on her face, “talking, smiling, relaxed.” James and Steve exchanged a look. “I know. It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”
It was the dead of summer, which really made being a firefighter more of a tiring job than usual. Sam knocked out in the car on the way and, despite Bucky insisting he eat first, when they got home he wanted to go straight to bed. After promising to have a big breakfast, Bucky joined him and they went upstairs to their room, showered, and slept.
“At least they’re together,” James said, the only comforting piece of information they had received in weeks. “Seems like they like each other too.”
It took him a minute to calm his breathing. What James and Steve did was none of his business. Sarah probably knew, she must know. She knew everything. It wasn’t his place to judge or say anything. Not that he would. How had he not seen it before? Granted, there had been a lot of things going on and he didn’t see James around a lot.
Tony liked Obie. He was always nice to him whenever they were in each other’s company. He would even soften Howard’s words when he was around. That grin though...it didn’t seem as comforting as it used to when Tony was younger. Finding no comfort from that direction he forced himself to try and pay attention to what his mother’s friend Muffy was saying.
Tony didn’t really feel a connection. To him it felt like a slight pull only to slam into a brick wall. A block.
Tony looked at the clock. It was only 9 pm. Howard would probably only be half way through a bottle. He had already paced his room probably 12 times. His heart wouldn’t calm down despite trying all the breathing techniques that Ana had taught him.
Everything after the day of being a living pincushion was a whirlwind. With a party to plan Maria was busy and apparently needed the help of both Ana and Natalie. She tried to get Tony interested in it but realized that it was futile. There had been a few times where she would sigh when it became obvious that Tony wasn’t paying attention to the details she laid before him. He knew that she worried about him. It was her job to make sure that her omega child knew what it took to run a household.
For months he had gone back and forth on what to do with the accursed bag. He couldn’t very well turn it in. He would be adamant that as soon as everyone went to bed he would sneak it down to the trash, only to lose his nerve when the time came. It’s just...it’s the only thing he has from his soulmate.
Tony threw himself into as many projects as he could get away with. He even tried to pay attention to the manners that his mother tried to get him to learn. He avoided Howard as best as he could. While he remained polite to both Jarvis’s; they seemed to be the only ones that noticed the lack of spirit in Tony’s eyes.
It felt like an eternity sitting on the floor being a spectacle for all around him. If he just kept looking at the floor he could pretend this wasn’t happening. He started to hear Hammer rambling but he couldn’t make out what was being said. Slowly other voices joined him in whispers.
Maria came into the room as soon as she was putting the finishing touches on Anthony. Maria’s eyes were brighter than he could remember seeing. She grabbed his arm and pulled him to his feet to stand in front of the mirror in the corner of her room.
Tony squeezed his eyes closed and turned his head to prepare for what was coming to him. Instead a loud thud had him opening them up again seeing Scarface bent over holding his head and a black duffel bag beside him. More footsteps caught Tony’s attention as another alpha stepped into view.
Tony’s face became red with a myriad of emotions. He tried to pull his arm free as discreetly as possible terrified that at any moment he would have unwanted attention. Well, more unwanted attention. He pulled his arm back lightly trying to get Justin to let him go. Instead his grip got tighter as he pulled Tony closer to his body.
Which was fine. Really. Rhodes was great, his best friend. Sure, they didn’t connect like...well, like Ana and Jarvis. And the logistics to avoid an annulment should Howard request one were something neither liked to think about; but it was an escape. A daydream of being disowned and living life with his Honey-bear if nothing else. Too much of a scandal to undo it.
“Just go.” he heard himself say. He waited for the door to shut before he curled in on himself on top of his mattress.
Tony stumbled and just barely avoided falling flat on his back. He waited until he was safely in his room with his door closed before reaching up to rub where his father’s fingers had dug into his skin. He took a shuddering breath lying down and repeating Rhodey’s words in his head.
No more smiles. No more lunches. No more being allowed near SI. Probably the worst part was no more being allowed in labs.
Then two months after he presented Tony and Maria went to SI to take Howard out on a surprise lunch date. Only one of those photos remained in the room, though it had been moved to a lower shelf sitting behind Howard’s desk. The family portrait. It was the only way Tony would ever see actual genuine smiles on his parent’s faces ever again. Howard’s turned bitter. Maria’s turned sad.
Tony tried to sidestep Hammer while he took another long drink from his glass, almost whispering, “Excuse me, my mother is wanting my attention.”
A knock on the door had him slamming the wardrobe fast, although he had no idea why he felt so guilty when he hadn’t actually
These green eyes, as previously noticed, dazzled like they knew everyone’s darkest secret and seemed smug about it. They belonged to an omega woman with a slight frame and short perfectly styled red hair.
After what seemed like ages he was finally dismissed. He rushed out of the building with his shadow right on his tail. Jarvis was waiting for them and got out to open Tony’s door. Before Tony had a chance to get in Natalie stopped him.
“Of course, sir.” Tony said quietly, staring at the floor. Floors were an infuriating thing at times, never allowing a person to be swallowed by random holes when they wanted.
Out of his peripheral he saw Howard stand up and walk towards him. It was slow and deliberate as Howard exuded power. Tony’s stomach started to twist as he began going over the actions and words spoken. He was always messing up something, always doing something upsetting. The infuriating part was he had no idea what he had done wrong this time.
“Anthony, good, I want you to meet someone.” Maria spoke sitting at a table writing in a notebook. She didn’t even bother looking up, “This is Miss Natalie Rushman. She’s to be your omega servant.”
She placed a tray she had carried up in front of him to let him eat whatever he could stomach. Which boiled down to dry toast that felt like chewing sandpaper. He watched as Natalie went about getting clothing out and put together on the hooks to make his outfit for tonight. Not for the first time Tony felt a surge of envy towards her.
Tony yanked his arm from her and practically shoved his cone in her face as he waved his hands in anger.
He was no better an omega than he was a son. Anything Maria tried to teach him bored him to death. Okay, that’s a little bit dramatic; but how would you feel at 12 and instead of trying to build a robot you suddenly had to learn proper tea etiquette?
Tony had no idea what was going on or what he was doing. He just went slack against the onslaught against his mouth.
Until one night after dinner, Natalie entered his room which was NOT part of the routine thank you very much. She went to his closet and began picking an outfit.
Tony started to purposefully make a mess with anything he touched to try and get a rise out of her. He tried to avoid and complain her away. Now it was time to go on the offensive. Even that didn’t work. She would see a new stain or mess (Tony ground a bag of chips into his carpet, not his proudest moment) and would clean without any form of expression. He clearly needed to up the ante. This was for science after all. How to crack Rushman’s veneer so everyone else could see what he could.
He joined his parents in the breakfast nook quietly. Howard already seemed agitated while reading the paper. Tony sat next to his mother and looked at the plate Jarvis put in front of him. Howard threw the paper down on the table with more strength than needed.
The next morning Natalie woke him up softer, and later, than usual. She kept glancing at his face and considering how tender it still felt wondered if Howard had left bruises. He must have been more gone than Tony had thought if he actually left marks, he was usually better than that.
There were some nights where the pain would get to be too much and he would curl into a ball and try to will the tears away. Those nights he craved Ana’s touch, even getting so desperate as wanting his mother to help soothe the ache.
He let himself be guided out of his mother’s room and toward the staircase. The murmuring of the guests pounded louder and louder in his ears. How could anyone hear themselves think? Maybe that was the point. Once they were in view of the main level the noise died down as everyone stared at the guest of honor.
“Um, Dread Pirate Roberts, would you mind mmph” was all Tony got out before the alpha lurched forward and kissed Tony.
He slipped through alleyways towards The Bronze. He couldn’t help but feel excited as he got close and pulled his cap closer over his eyes. This was it. He opened the door and walked in. The noise hit him harder than even the smells. Slightly panicked he looked around the room to find a table in the corner with 4 alphas making their own raucous.
After plates were cleared Jarvis got up and turned off the lights while Ana went behind the counter and picked up a homemade cake she had made for Tony.
“Don’t try and play coy Tony. Your mom is busy with her friends. So you should stay and be busy with your friend. We are friends, aren’t we?”
Every morning she would come back to him dressed (not always in the clothes she picked thank you very much) and making his bed so she would have no excuse to go near it.
Two hours later found two men trying to hold each other up as they stumbled through an alley. Giggling and laughing each time they bumped into something. Tony couldn’t remember the last time he had felt so happy. So...carefree? He thinks this is what carefree feels like. Even though it had started to rain at some point and his clothes were sopping wet. There was still a chance that Howard would find out about his midnight escapade, or really, a chance that Howard would give him any attention tomorrow. But that was tomorrow Tony’s problem. Tonight he was in high spirits, in the arms of his best friend. Nothing was going to ruin tonight.
“Tomorrow. You better not embarrass me. There are going to be a lot of important people there and I will not have you… ‘Tony-ing it up tomorrow.’”
“Good morning Mr. Anthony. Mr. Jarvis is waiting in the car for you. He’ll take us down to meet your mother as soon as you’ve dressed.”
Tony doesn’t have the pride to deny that he might have hugged it before stashing it away with his other contraband.
“It’s been way too long. I gotta say, I’ve rather missed our old playdates. It almost seemed like you had fallen off the face of the map.” Justin took a drink of his punch glass; “Course now you’re all grown up. Wonder if we could get a playdate or two in between these shindigs.”
“Of course Honey-bear. Wouldn’t dream of anything otherwise. Just one drink, some shared laughter with friends, and then I’ll go home and no one will be the wiser.”
“I mean it Tony. You’re only good for one thing now. If you mess it up or embarrass me tomorrow it will not end up well for you. I refuse to let an omega make a mockery of me without consequences. This is the only warning you’ll get.” He then pushed his son backwards to signal his dismissal.
She looked up to give Tony her full attention, “It’s important that you and Miss Rushman connect now. When you’re married you won’t be able to take anyone else with you. At least this way you can have a friend. It’s important to have that.”
Eventually the mingling with the older omegas turned into proper introductions to the alphas that were attending. A name, a bow, a few quick words from both parties and then they would move on. It wasn’t a pleasant experience but at least nothing bad had happened.
Maria looked off into space, and if Tony hadn’t been watching his mother closely he would have missed the quick look of sadness on her face. It was replaced by a placating look in a blink of an eye. Tony thought about how Ana had been there for his mother. By sheer luck;
She followed him into his room and Tony immediately felt exposed. He saw her eyes instantly go towards the covered mirror and saw her eyebrow twitch briefly. Wow. Okay. Judgemental much? Silently she went around the room and started to pick up clutter. Which, if Tony actually cared about anything right now this might have bothered him. It definitely would have months ago. It had taken him years to get Jarvis to stop picking up his room. You know, the one space that was supposed to be all his.
Tony was flabbergasted at Hammer’s implications. He quickly scanned the crowd to make sure no one was looking in their direction. Especially Howard. He would not make a scene. He would not make a scene. He would
Happy birthday (don’t scowl, it’s unbecoming). I hope this letter finds you well and hopefully around your birthday. I’ve got leave set up towards the end of July so we can celebrate properly. Until then, please lay low. Don’t give Howard a reason to direct his ire towards you. This is your last year in the Stark household. Hopefully that helps as you undeniably count down the days til I return.
Once again locking arms with him Natalie guided (pulled) him alongside her. Jarvis settled back in the car and pulled out his book. Resigned to his fate Tony shook off Natalie’s arm and walked with her. She led him to a small ice cream wagon to get each of them a cone. Okay, so far the walk wasn’t the worst he’s been on.
What does one say to that? Tony tried for a small smile and head nod and tried to go around the insufferable fool. Justin seemed to take it as a game or something because he smoothly copied Tony’s movements blocking him between himself and the table.
He slowly made his way down the hall and stopped and tried to listen for anything. After 30 seconds of nothing he peeked in to see Howard slumped over with his head on his desk. Tony did his best not to rush past the open door and when he made it to the dark hallway on the other side he almost couldn’t handle the relief. The biggest step taken, he quickly and quietly made his way down to the kitchen to use the side door.
For once in his short life, Tony listened. Maybe it was how serious Rhodes sounded yelling at him. He turned and started to run. As best as he could, anyway. As sobered as his mind had become with the threat in front of him his body hadn’t quite gotten the message. His adrenaline made him move faster into trash cans and walls as he tried to remember the route they had taken to get to the mansion faster. He heard crashing and banging behind him and his terror spiked urging him on.
It just didn’t help. Tony sat down on his bed and picked up his small piece of machinery to tinker on. A small chuckle escaped as he thought about for once he couldn’t wait for Howard to get drunk.
He couldn’t do that though. This was his secret. His shame. And honestly, it isn’t like anyone could actually do anything.
He wasn’t fooled, but she could so easily slip on the charm with anyone she was around. If she had any status she could have the world on a string given to her to play with. Tony wasn’t charming though. He tried, but mostly he ended up rambling when let loose to his own devices. And he was always stiff with..well, everyone in existence that weren’t his normal circle of Rhodey and the Jarvises.
Tony sat on his bed staring at them. Then decided he didn’t want to think about all of this and grabbed a notebook and started to scribble in it.
Eventually Howard’s shoes came into direct view. Then before Tony could react Howard’s hand grabbed his chin. Digging his fingers into the skin he forced Tony to look up at him.
“You might have everyone else fooled, but not me. I’m not sure what you’re trying to get out of this but I see past what you’re selling everyone else.” His raised voice drew some stares as people rushed past. Nothing unusual about an omega of means disciplining a servant after all.
I'm updating the tags. Please be warned. I'm also putting the warnings at the bottom of what I think will be the biggest issues.
He wasn’t sure how long he laid there in the darkness just focusing on his breathing. He must have passed out at some point because he woke with a jolt at his door being slammed open and Howard stormed in.
“The Hammer’s home was burgled last night. This is the fifth house in a span of six months and the damned useless police have gotten nowhere. Jarvis, remind me to upgrade our security.”
She took two steps towards the bed before Tony dashed and jumped on it. Once the blankets settled back down Tony stared down at his bedsheet like it was the most interesting thing in the world.
He looked forward to seeing Rhodey again. He looked forward to no longer living under Howard’s roof.
*At the very end of the chapter Howard beats Tony. When Tony tells Natalie to "Just Go" is right before the violence happens and it's at the very end of the chapter.
Soon the tray was taken away and he was shooed to shower. He was going to take his own damned time with it though. The whole time he kept thinking about everything that was bound to go wrong. Some of them had positives, falling down the stairs could end up with him dead. Mostly though they ended with him being humiliated and then having to deal with Howard’s wrath. By the time the water had begun to go cold he was debating on eating his soap.
There were waitstaff walking around with trays of edible snacks that rushed around the room. A man with short brown hair walked by with a tray full of something gray on crackers? He looked at Tony and gave him a lazy smile under a nose that looked like it had been broken at least once. A bandage was wrapped around his left hand as he held the tray aloft with his right. He offered the tray towards Tony who declined with a shake of his head.
The rest of the day was uneventful. And unrestful. Was he supposed to feel different now that he was of age? As always he just felt like an imposter wearing a gentry man’s status like wearing an ill fitted coat. It was too big in some areas and extremely tight in others. Maybe if he had made an effort to make friends with other omegas with his privilege he would be able to ask if anyone else felt like that at all. Then he remembered being in school with them and yeah, he couldn’t have asked them.
And hey. It was possible for Tony’s mouth to stay closed. Maria and Howard continued their discussion around him. It wasn’t very often that he was fully ignored, usually he would receive either scaving critiques from his father or polite “suggestions” from his mother. Of course that just meant he had time to be inside his head which he really wasn’t a fan of on his best days.
It had been six months since that disastrous night. There had only been two more robberies, neither hitting the Stark Mansion (which Howard very proudly attributed to his beefed up security); which Tony took as his soulmate was so disgusted with Tony that not even his money seemed appealing.
In response Natalie did that annoying head tilt, her deep red hair flouncing around. Her eyes were once again sparkling and a small smile appeared on her face.
Maybe he would start by throwing away some of the burgled items and just keep the bag. He would just have to be more cautious because those. He should have done that in the first place. Now he would have to work around his hired shadow. Thanks mom.
As retaliation, she had the audacity to go out of her way to be nice to Tony. Somehow (Ana) she had figured out his favorite candy and would leave some on his dresser when she woke him up for the day. Even when he would ignore her outfit choices for his own she would simply look him up and down before giving her nod of approval.
He locked his bedroom door and drug out the even heavier duffel from his hiding spot. He stalled for time begging to not find what he thought he was going to find. He unzipped and lifted the lid of the bag and felt nauseous all over again at seeing it filled with valuables.
Yeah, that took the wind out of Tony’s sails. He kept opening and closing his mouth like a fish trying to breath air. Just...what?
While he had no appetite, his eyes fell on the bowl of punch. Red and sloshy and guaranteed Tony would spill it all over his suit if he tried to drink it. On the other end of the table were glasses filled with water that seemed to be a much safer bet. Sure, he was still probably going to spill it everywhere but at least it wouldn’t be as noticeable. Right?
She reached out and tugged on his arm to get him walking again, “That doesn’t surprise me. Most people keep unpleasant news away from omegas with means. With their weak constitutions and all.”
Tony was close enough to choke on Hammer’s scent. He started to panic, he couldn’t breathe. He let his arm go slack while Justin chuckled in his ear before giving one final yank. Hammer’s grip finally loosened and Tony pulled free.
“Ana wanted me to deliver this to you.” She held it up to show that it was addressed to Ana from Rhodes’ base, “Why does she wish you to have a letter that’s addressed to her, I wonder.”
“Tony?!” he exclaimed louder than needed. Even he seemed to realize this because he grabbed Tony’s arms and pushed him past the table into the actual corner lowering his voice, “Tony, what are you doing here? If Howard finds out he’ll -”
Now, through all of Tony’s 19 years he had known one absolute truth. The universe hated Tony Stark. He might have had too much fun to remember it, but it was still a fact. So he wasn’t really surprised when halfway down an alley three big shadows morphed into three big alphas. The jovial mood sobered up considerably.
With a shuddering breath they began their descent. It was unnerving to put it as positively as he could. Tony is used to bad attention. He’s not used to being the center of attention in any good way. He tried his best to look straight ahead at nothing when he first made eye contact with one of the guests and realized the majority if not all were staring at him.
And just like that she turned around and started the trek back to the car. She took five steps and stopped to look back at Tony. She quirked her eyebrow at him as if to ask him what’s keeping him.
They pulled up to the building and Natalie guided him inside. Literally linked arms with him so he couldn’t do something Tony-like. For example jumping back in the car and locking the doors or bolting down the street. He wasn’t so much looking forward to being a human pin cushion for who knows how long.
He glared at her for being so damn bright and cheerful. She was practically dripping with glee at this.
The rest of the night, Rhodey finding him and helping him home, was a blur. He’s sure (and grateful) that Rhodes mistook his shakiness because of being attacked. Rhodes passed Tony the black duffel bag Tony insisted on keeping to him just before he snuck back through the kitchen to his room. Howard’s light was now off and darkness filled the whole house.
As promised, his mother was standing next to the tailor talking about whatever until she noticed him. She looked up and smiled.
“Anthony dear, right on time. I’m very impressed.” The last part of that statement was said to Natalie. Tony had looked at the clock before they left the house and it had been 10 o’clock.
He flitted through the crowd trying to avoid bumping in to anyone. And finally, he was where he had meant to be. He threw his hands over the eyes of the alpha sitting in front of him.
“The poor dears. How atrocious it must be to have someone skulking around their house at night. I’ll be sure to check on them later.” Maria added barely glancing at the paper as she took a tiny bite off of her fork.
“I do think we should start heading back. Your mother should be finished going over details now and we wouldn’t want to keep her waiting.”
“I. Told. You.” Every word said was punctuated with the sound of Howard’s fist meeting Tony’s cheek. Tony tried to stay limp. He knew if he fought back not only would he not win, but it would just fuel his father’s ire. Instead he tried to keep his mouth shut even as he tasted blood. By the time Howard stood up and with one last look of disgust he spat at Tony and then walked out.
The feeling of being stared at never went away, but glancing around he could at least appreciate that most of the people were being subtle about it. At one point he felt like his head would be on fire if laser eyes were a thing and looked around to see his father glaring at him from afar standing next to his partner, Obidiah Stane. Obie was a stark contrast of Howard. Grinning, actually seeming to have a good time, when Obie looked Tony’s way his grin widened.
Oh goodie. Even his so-called servants were bossing him around. At least he didn’t have any foolish pretense of free will.
He wondered if anyone noticed his now pale skin showed tints of green and quickly looked back at the floor which had the audacity to look better than he did. Guests had begun to arrive a half hour prior while he was getting the finishing touches done on himself. This way he and his escort, aka Maria, could make a grand entrance and garner all the attention.
With a new guard dog that apparently took orders from someone else, no Rhodey to visit with, life was repetitive.
He would sneak books out of the library that talked about the soulmates. Marks, traditions, mates themselves.
They stood there awkwardly until Tony braved a glance into his reflection. Part of him had hoped that it was like a romance movie. The awkward and plain omega got gussied up and was suddenly the most beautiful person in any room. His hopes were dashed when he took in his appearance. The makeup looked flawless, but all he could think about was how suffocating and heavy it felt. For once his unruly hair was staying in place. Putting focus on it made his scalp start to itch and he had to resist the urge to scratch and tug at it.
