“Wait.” Sherlock pressed his fingers against his temples. “I’m getting flashes of something.” His eyes opened wide. “I’m a brilliant detective, and you’re my loyal but slightly dim sidekick!”
“I don’t know,” he replied. “I solved many murders in my career, unlocked many mysteries that no one else noticed. Perhaps I did solve it. There really is no way to know, is there?
mean something, and he’s finally ready to take notice. He’s never really been himself, never been happy with who he was, always tried to be someone else.
“And why are you telling me this?” He suspected it was because she liked the feeling of knowing something he didn’t know and holding it over him.
In the kitchen, Sherlock is having tea with Rosie as if this were a completely normal turn of events. They turn their faces towards him, unsurprised. Rosie looks annoyed and a bit embarrassed. Sherlock looks like he’s about to laugh, or cry, or both, his eyes a bit red, his mouth curving into a smile.
With Sherlock, it’s always one extreme or the other, it seems. He’s a silent shape on the sofa, or he’s a frenetic force of nature that tears around the flat, making incomprehensible utterances and eventually running downstairs and out the front door without giving a clue as to his destination. Apparently, after days of the former, the latter has occurred.
Sometimes we get an email or a text from another Rosamund. The girls have established quite a network, trying to reach other daughters of John Watson. John has daughters in Ohio, California, and Canada. We even got an email from one in Australia. The youngest is ten, which tells me that in the year 1999, the sperm bank ran out of John Watson’s sperm.
The sound it made caused every head in the room to turn, and not with happy surprise. My note was a caterwaul, a rusty screech. Horrified, I lowered the bow and made to hand the instrument back to him.
. If he’d never met them, so much would be different. Moriarty had said it, and it was true. Just one thing altered, and he might not be standing here. He might not have learned to be an actor, made movies or television. He might have died of an overdose, never knowing John, never loving him.
“Yes, I remember. I just wasn’t sure if it was a good thing to ask. If it was going badly, you might not want to talk about it, and then you’d feel bad because I brought it up.”
The fog is thick tonight, almost impenetrable, curling around me in the darkness as I turn and make my way up the alley. A sense of foreboding lies on me because I can’t see what’s ahead and I know that the suspect I’m following is dangerous. I quicken my pace, almost breaking into a run.
There are three nurses in the clinic. Patricia’s been happily married for thirty years, so she probably hasn’t been drooling over him. That leaves Natalie, just out of nursing school. And Dustin.
John Watson’s daughter gave me an evil look. “She says she’s coming to get me. How could you give me up like that?” She glared at John. “And you— don’t you even want to know me?”
“Only one time. My friend came into the office looking for something. John was there, in costume— in other words, half naked. Magnussen was just zipping up his flies. The next day my friend had a visit from one of Magnussen’s assistants who explained what kind of career he could look forward to if he talked to anyone.”
But Sherlock will have to wait; first he has to do something about Rosie. Locating her before she gets into any trouble is his priority. With any luck, she’s off somewhere pouting, maybe the library. Where does she go with her friends? Where does she feel safe? He has no idea. Mary must know, and has already checked those places.
John still hadn’t tried kissing him, but decided maybe that should be next, before Sherlock beat him to it. It was a game, of course, but John didn’t like to lose.
He tells his story, about a time he and Lestrade were investigating a murder in the Docklands, and John is laughing because only he can understand how a body concealed in a shipment of smoked herring is both gross and hilarious. Maybe not a tale best told over dinner, but that’s who they are.
Watson knelt and took out his picklock tools. We were well-secluded behind the house, but I was eager to get inside and done with our task. I watched, marvelling at his finesse, wondering how many times he’d found these skills useful. After several minutes, he had the door open. Silently, we made our way through the greenhouse into the passage, and then into a room that smelled strongly of cigar smoke. A a few embers still glowed in the fireplace.
He thought if he could one day find a female who liked dead mice as much as he did, he might fall in love. On the whole, though, girls were not interesting.
“No, but it’s obvious. I don’t know. He’s gorgeous, and one of the most intelligent people I’ve met. And I’m… ordinary. I certainly didn’t expect to see him again, but he showed up the next day and asked me to come with him on a case. It was brilliant, seeing him work, getting to be part of that. I’ve never felt so… alive, I guess. He said he needed a flatmate to afford his new place, and he thought we would get along.”
We awoke late the next day, having partaken of cheap champagne the couple could not afford and too many choruses of “My Heart’s Desire.” I could hear Mrs Hudson stirring downstairs.
Brook was there, ready in his Jason jumper, standing next to a large drink dispenser with a cup of water in his hand. Seeing Sherlock, he took a new cup and filled it from the spigot. “Here you go.”
“Weddings are not for the happy couple,” Mycroft continued, nodding at Rosamund Three. “They are for family and friends, an official expression of support. Your family wants a wedding, and they will have one.”
He tosses the mail onto the table, all adverts and one bill. The room is just as neat as it was when he suddenly left, running out of here with his toothbrush and socks and underwear all shoved into a bag. He remembers how Holmes paced around, examining whatever his eyes landed on, and then stretched out on the floor, refusing to budge until Watson came to his senses.
“He wanted me,” he said. “On Xextar, he is a dangerous criminal who escaped confinement. He came here for me.”
Jay Eccles is about fifty, judging by his greying hair and the small lines at the corners of his eyes and mouth. He is not stylishly dressed, wearing corduroy trousers and a shapeless cardigan over a button-down shirt. About the least gay-looking man John has ever met. In fact, he dresses quite a bit like John. He is looking at John with a comfortable smile that says he’ll wait however long it takes John to gather his thoughts.
Watson smiled. “Elementary, my dear Holmes. I need a new mattress. Perhaps you can apply your deductive skills to finding the best one for me.”
“I sent him emails, just as I did to the rest of you. When he replied, it was always short. He never talked about himself. Sally said that he was hanging out with real stars, so maybe he didn’t consider us worth his while.” She shook her head. “ But that can’t be true; John wasn’t like that. I think he was just busy and overwhelmed. I don’t know, though. I never saw him after the final episode party. Just an email here and there.”
As promised, the visitor wore a black mask. Opulently dressed to the point of bad taste, he strode into the room. Everything about him— his bearing, his movements, his clothing, and what I could see of his expression— said that he was an arrogant and obstinate man, accustomed to having his demands met.
Everything Watson wanted, he had achieved. He went to university, became a surgeon, joined the army. And then he lost it all. He came back to London, angry at everything. Angry at himself. He’s spent evenings in his flat, drinking to avoid what is beginning to seem obvious: life goes on, and the only way to avoid becoming his father is to move past anger and loss. It’s still hard, even after months, to figure out what he wants now. He’s trying.
“An excellent mattress,” Holmes murmured, then seized his partner’s lips with his own, making deductions as his tongue probed more deeply.
The tea appeared almost at once, as if Mycroft had known Sherlock was on his way and set people to boiling water and warming the pot. Once they were each holding a steaming cup, Mycroft resumed his study of his brother.
Gregson shook his head. “And when this lady came in, the two of you just stood there and watched her shoot Milverton?”
“This is Megara,” Ariel said. “And these are Moana, Merinda, and Tiana. Anna can’t come. She has a dental appointment. Is Daddy home?”
“I did, once I realised John was in London. You’re not the only one who didn’t believe the suicide story. And you’re not the only one who’s been doing homework on John Watson. Fortunately your investigation didn’t end with you murdered at the hands of your former co-star. I paid him a visit a few days after yours, explained my idea to him, and he agreed.” She smirked. “I might also have mentioned that you’d been in love with him since you were twelve and have been pining for all these years.”
People often tell him that the reason to go to a class reunion is so you can see how much worse other people have done, how much hair they’ve lost, how much weight they’ve gained. It makes you feel better about yourself, he’s been assured.
They stand like that for a long time, arms wrapped around one another, just breathing. An hour. Or maybe it’s just a minute.
John looked down at his feet. “I wish I’d known. I understand why you didn’t want me to know, but I wish things could have been different. We always had fun on set, but you never seemed to want to hang out or be my friend. Sometimes I didn’t even think you liked me.”
She takes the mug and refills it. “I don’t know her. She’s fairly recent. Sarah Sawyer gave him a clinic job when he agreed to stop drinking, and I think he met Mary there.”
The weeks did not slip by any more quickly now that I knew Watson was coming home, but the weather eventually broke. My temper was much improved, and I spent my time, when I was not on a case, wondering what had befallen Watson to make him so eager to leave South Africa. He’d said nothing about the diamond mine, or indeed about anything he’d been doing.
Though Watson was nervous when he arrived, after an hour has gone by he finds that he’s enjoying himself. These men are intelligent, well-read, but not overly posh or interested in one-upping each other. Not overtly “gay” either, in the way he’s always imagined it. They’re not like his usual mates, who can only talk about sports and their families. Maybe it’s just chance, but he feels like he’s just met some really great guys.
“Lovely to meet you,” she says, extending a manicured hand. “And this is my agent, David Spaulding. I’ve had my first book published, did I tell you?”
It makes no sense. If the limp is psychosomatic, which he’s willing to admit seems plausible, why would it disappear after an intensely stressful event? It should have gotten worse.
“I have studied boxing, Watson. You are shorter than I am, which means your blows to my face will lack the power of a taller assailant. You need only mark my face. Now, strike!”
“Oh! You mean— there’s been… another?” She looks at Watson with real concern, then back at Holmes. “This is the fourth one, isn’t it?”
Her phone buzzed. “Heads up, boys. I’m lining up interviews for you two.” She walked out the door, phone to her ear. “Hi, Mary… Yes, I know! Isn’t it?”
“I wouldn’t have understood you then,” John says. “I’m not even sure I completely understand you now. Doesn’t matter, though. I’m not sure what Mycroft was trying to say in his toast, which was actually pretty weird, but maybe we wouldn’t have fallen in love if we’d been friends in school. We would have drifted apart. I would have gone into the army, and you—“
Harry has taped them shut so he could simply take them away without having to see what’s in them. He doesn’t even remember what he packed up or why he chose to save what he did. School stuff, he supposes. What else was there?
He clicked the link when it arrived. Slowly, one pixel at a time, the photo loaded on his laptop screen. It was the cabbie who had driven him home that night. Now that he had the photo before him, there was no doubt. Beneath the scruffy beard, behind the wire-rimmed glasses, the unsmiling face that stared at the camera was John Watson.
so much. He’s no virgin, but sex has never been anything but a craving that must occasionally be indulged. There’s some body shame, after years of being called weird-looking and skinny and alien. All those words were small arrows that have left invisible scars. John’s appreciation of his body— all of it— amazes him.
What street is this? On either side, buildings tower. Before me the pavement slopes up, and I can see street lamp glowing in the darkness. It feels familiar, but I cannot get my bearings. Guided by the light, I walk onwards. I don’t hear John’s footsteps now, but the fog thins and I can see him waiting for me in the nimbus of the gas light, his breath making small clouds as he exhales. I shiver and hasten towards him.
That was where he stood now, on the edge of something he hadn’t seen coming and didn’t understand. It scared the hell out of him.
“Oh. I’m sorry—“ Gracefully, he waves an elegant hand, looking vaguely embarrassed. “Sorry for all of that.”
“And you know about Magnussen as well, which brings me to the reason for my visit today. Why does this scumbag still live? Why is he allowed to go on victimising boys, while John hides for the rest of his days?”
John notes his use of the past tense. Well, his training was years ago. He still has a license, what little good it does him. “I was an army surgeon until about six months ago.”
“You have the loveliest arse, my dear. Your prick, I assume, is none the worse for our game.” I put my hand down the front of his pants and planted a gentle kiss on his posterior. “Someday I will write a sonnet to this prick. And an ode to your arse.”
He’s speaking in a French accent, telling me something. It’s a secret, and he has to bend down and whisper it in my ear.
The only reason he kept asking was because they never worked out. Usually he could get two or even three dates out of an introduction, but by then they always seemed to sense his lack of enthusiasm. Maybe the right one hadn’t appeared yet. Or maybe dating women can’t turn you straight, even if you’re sort of bi.
Mycroft had forbidden the throwing of rice, reminding everyone that it was law now because it harmed wildlife. As they left the reception in a shower of bubbles, John hoped the pictures would at least be good. At least he’d have that, a record of the happiest day of his life.
There’s nothing subtle about Wilkes. He’s openly smirking, his lips curling into a disagreeable smile. “Well, buddy, it’s been years, hasn’t it?”
“Hypothetically.” He kissed John. “But if they are real, they can stay here. I’m ready to go home now.”
hero. And then I called you a machine, and I didn’t realise what was happening until it was too late. You said that it was just a trick, and I want to believe that. In my mind, I’ve stood on that pavement in front of Barts many times, reliving those moments. I tell myself you’re not dead, that I can fix you. But then I wake up and you’re gone. I’ll never see you again. Whatever this is— well, I hope you know that I love you.” There are tears sliding down my face. With each one, I feel myself letting go. “Is this goodbye? Is it time for me to wake up? Will I see you again?”
The flat he moved into was tiny and impersonal, obviously meant to be temporary. He hoped it would be, but it was hard to see how he could afford anything better. He wanted to stay in London, but still close enough to see his daughter. Mary had kept the house she chose once they could afford it, about a thirty minute drive from London. He wouldn’t likely run into her in town. He’d take the train out to see Rose once a week or so.
Sherlock could just say it. That’s how it used to be, back in the bad old days when it was only about sex, and what that could buy him. It’s not a fix that he needs. This is something new. He doesn’t just want to take this man apart and fuck him. He wants to seduce John, to make love to him, and god help him, he has no idea how to do that. He ought to say something, invite him in. Ask him.
On the platform he turned back as the doors closed and saw her face, smiling, her hand raised in the alien salute, her mouth shaping the words
“The money— her mother and stepfather would no longer have the use of her income if she were to marry. But surely they would not—”
Moriarty’s keen eye was focused on my partner. “Tell your boy that it is not very smart to finger loaded firearms in the pocket of one’s dressing gown.”
“But I didn’t. I was wretched. I didn’t want to live.” Tears filled my eyes. “And then I found you.”
“Because…” He gave a deep and weary sigh. “There are body parts in the fridge. There’s no real food in this flat, just tea and scotch. We eat takeaway all the time, and we’re sometimes out all night chasing criminals. Last week, somebody mailed us a bomb. The week before, Sherlock fell into the Thames. I’ve been kidnapped twice already, and we both regularly get shot at and stabbed and face off with crime lords in abandoned warehouses. That’s not a lifestyle a child should be exposed to.”
A woman opens the front door as they approach it. She’s about seventy, he thinks, with short auburn hair, smartly dressed, smiling at Holmes and looking at Watson with curiosity.
“Please, Charles, you must not hurt him,” the teacher is saying. His face is as pale as the victim’s, a well-built blond boy, who remains perfectly still and silent. The heavy boy is holding what looks like a hunting knife, the kind you’d use to gut an animal. Extremely sharp, as can be seen from the line of blood on the blond boy’s neck.
There is a moment while it’s happening when I don’t believe it’s real. Another moment when I know it’s real, but think it can be fixed. You’re not dead. I’m a doctor, and I can heal you. We’ll take you inside on a stretcher and assess your injuries, and it’s not as bad as it looks. You open your eyes and smile at me. You’re going to be all right—
On either side of him, he felt strong hands grabbing his arms, holding him up, Greg on the left and Mike on the right.
And always, I thought of John, as he had been that night when he called me back from the edge of death.
It’s absurd, and not at all like those vivid dreams, but the fear in the pit of my stomach is real. And that strange vibe I get from her might be nothing, but I’d rather be sure.
“People are meant to die,” she says. “We never want them to, but it’s something we’re guaranteed, to lose a few people we love before we die ourselves. We wish they hadn’t died, but we don’t expect them to come back.”
“You’re not imagining it. I don’t suppose you’ll remember this conversation tomorrow. A shame. It’s been scintillating.” Abruptly the chair scrapes across the floor. Holmes stands over him. “Sweet dreams, Watson.”
We sipped dry sherry and listened to my mother talk about her many charity projects until the clock struck seven. As the last stroke resounded, her manservant announced that the guests had arrived, and we moved from the sitting room into a larger parlour to receive them.
was inoffensive, but said that since the programme was airing before nine, she’d have to check with the producer.
He picked a different pub this time, because he didn’t want Sherlock Holmes to make another unannounced entrance and deduce his misery, arriving in another swirl of coat— and how does he do that? Watson’s never been able to make a coat swirl. Probably something about leg length and the ratio of knees to something. Yet another thing that Watson will never be able to do properly because Fate assigned him short genes. Swirling a coat dramatically. Getting things off the top shelf. Looking good in a tuxedo. Stupid genetics. A short, drunk father. A short, drunk sister. Short people don’t get to swirl. They drink to cover the shame of it.
They don’t really talk. They discuss cases, and dinner, and what needs to be picked up at the shops. They don’t even talk much during sex. With Mary, he much preferred letting things go, not confronting them, but now he can see how that’s worked out, and he’s not willing to let Sherlock drift away as Mary did. What’s happening between them is a result of not talking. That’s what Jay Eccles said.
At least he’d managed not to tell him his limp was psychosomatic. He’s quite sure the man would have simply walked out if he’d said that.
“So it was. And that’s not the only close call I’ve had today. I was nearly run down by a van this morning, and a load of bricks came crashing down from a rooftop on Vere Street at noon, landing at my feet. I spent the afternoon at my brother’s rooms in Pall Mall, and then on my way home was set upon by this ruffian, who fled before the police could be summoned. I cannot say that involving the Yard would do any good, in this case. The man is untraceable.”
All couples have arguments. For his parents, it was part of who they were. They fought constantly, occasionally grabbing and pushing and slapping. Sometimes throwing things. John knew this wasn’t normal, and was always terribly embarrassed when it happened in front of other people. When John was ten, his dad left after a particularly violent argument, drunkenly crashed his car into a tree, and died. At the funeral his mother still had bruises.
Holmes sits down next to the body as the blood begins to coagulate. He listens for sirens, running footsteps; no one is coming to see what’s happened.
Through Mycroft’s influence I gained admission to a good preparatory school, where I further improved myself, ultimately gaining entrance to Cambridge. I went to my brother’s house on holidays, but otherwise spent my time between my small room and the lab.
The train rocks ceaselessly. After the events of the previous night, he finds his eyelids heavy. Holmes sits opposite him, his eyes closed but obviously awake. He has a habit of going inside himself, likely thinking about the case. Where Watson always has a hyperawareness of being watched, and a nervousness about it, Holmes doesn’t seem to mind what people think of him. He is sure of himself, monitoring everything around him with absolute dispassion and a touch of disdain.
I had heard that ghosts could move objects, and that they could give shrieks and moans, but that was all I knew of their powers. As he looked around the room, though, I learned of another power. Following his gaze, I caught a glimpse of what he was seeing, a room filled with people dead and dying, lying on pallets. And I saw a small figure lying on the floor, its face covered. As I watched, the dead child rose and walked towards me, becoming the apparition I had first seen.
As soon as Dennis vanishes, Sherlock says, “I dreamed of you. Sometimes. When I was… in a bad place.” He says this so quietly, I have to lean forward to catch his last words.
He sighs, remembering Mycroft’s warning. And he thinks about that night when they kissed in the stairwell. That tiny spark of hope is still there, flaring up every time he thinks he can do without John. Maybe he won’t have to. John hasn’t expressed any desire to leave, and Sherlock really hasn’t given him a chance to complain. Neither of them have drawn a line. He can simply pretend it’s all fine.
He told me his father had died in a mine collapse, and that his mother had sent him to Milford to get an education so he wouldn’t have to work in the mines like his father. She died the first winter he was gone, leaving just enough money to pay for his tuition.
Matt grins. “Well, no. I have a boyfriend. But Wednesdays are half-price drinks at the Rock Garden. We always go with a bunch of friends. Want to tag along, meet some people?”
After Philip left, I set the table up, sat in the chair and considered how to fix the mess I’d created. After several minutes, I shook my head, muttering, “Idiot.” Watson was an idiot, Philip was an idiot, and I was most certainly an idiot.
I was horrified. First, that he would dare to harm a book belonging to our teacher, and second, that anyone would treat a book like that.
But here he is, unbuttoning his trousers and folding them, draping them over the back of the chair to avoid wrinkles. And where Sherlock expected standard white briefs, old and dingy with many washings, he sees a pair of bright red pants. John conceals himself beneath layers of ordinary, but at the bottom, he is a surprise.
He hasn’t been trying to drive John away, but it feels like that’s what’s been happening. John was undecided, and Sherlock is the one who’s been pushing him to make up his mind. John has gone along with it, but it’s clear that hasn’t made up his mind.
And there is John Watson, just a few feet away, reaching for a carton of milk. A small carton, just enough for one person. I deduce that Mary Morstan doesn’t take milk in her tea. Obviously they are engaged, living together, falling into a cosy domesticity. John walked into that restaurant with a ring in his pocket; he is not a man to fail in his mission.
“Oh, yes. I’m very interested to hear what Mr Carmichael, charismatic leader of young bullies, has to say.”
He carefully frames a question. He might have a right to ask a few personal questions of the man he sleeps with, but that doesn’t mean they will be welcome.
He sat up and looked down at me. “Please tell me, Sherlock, if you ever tire of me. I would rather part as friends than see you drift away.”
The story progressed. Next was a scene where the counterfeit alien learns from Vivian and Todd (who overheard what Mr Smith said) and was gloating that Alex had come back and revealed himself. Brook did everything but rub his hands and cackle,
He’s grinning, taking off his jacket and hanging it on one of the kitchen chairs. “Are you throwing a party, Sherlock?” He nods at Lestrade, gives Mycroft a tiny scowl.
It’s not a work day, so I lie around the flat with the telly on for company. I’ve got it turned to the news channel, hoping to hear something, anything about an agent rescued from Serbia. But I’m sure Mycroft won’t leak this to the news.
“But these,” said Philip, pointing to the unidentified prints. “Surely they are the prints of the actual thief, are they not? And since we have no match—“
Opening a drawer, he sees the red pants and remembers John taking off his clothes, teasing Sherlock, smiling at him. Tears sting his eyes as it sinks in. He won’t ever have that again. Not with John, of course. But he must never risk this again, never put himself in danger again.
But it felt like a step backwards. Was he seriously going to consider playing an alien, after he’d spent years trying to make people forget his first role?
“People can dream,” he replied. “But they’re spinning castles in the air, made out of nothing but their own wishes. Surely they must have given it up when…” Even though he knew it hadn’t happened, he still couldn’t say it.
“Yeah, that’s his name. Sherlock Holmes. He’s a detective who does consulting work with the Met. Maybe you’ve heard of him.”
He’s been a coward. All these weeks, thinking he didn’t deserve Sherlock, that he shouldn’t let him see how broken he is, how confused about everything. Maybe it wasn’t fair to get into a relationship now, when he’s such a mess, but he did and he will own his responsibility in that.
Perhaps it is cowardly not to want to be pinched and have things thrown at you, but hitting back had its own consequences, which I wished to avoid. It was better to be a coward than to be beaten and given no chance to defend myself. That I had been missing all day, with no chance to insult my cousins, did not matter. As always, they were aggrieved simply by my presence.
He didn’t watch television as a rule, hadn’t seen the series she starred in, but remembered she was a judge. “I see. And you’re on your second doughnut because you know it spells the end of the series. My condolences.”
the way Sherlock Holmes sees you. When those pale eyes are trained on you, you are the focus of his attention, not just an annoying distraction, a detail he can forget. For a split second, it might feel like you’re the most important thing in the world.
Dead, definitely. Rigor mortis is just beginning to wear off. His face is still frozen into a ghastly rictus, as if he’s sneering at Holmes, taunting him.
At Milford School, though, I felt more alone than ever. I could not even claim a family tie here, only the sullen companionship of boys similarly bereft, without any prospects in the world. I did not even have John to keep me company. This was indeed sad place to have arrived in life, where a ghost would have been better company than flesh and blood.
There’s one person who will know. The next time a black car with tinted windows sidles up, I get in.
“—small pension, but you’re willing to starve yourself to live in London. Probably a tiny cell in some god-awful block of flats. I suppose you feel an attachment to London, since you spent some happy years here in medical school. You’re not married, which means—“
In the morning, there is still tension. They prepare breakfast together, John making the tea and Sherlock toasting the bread, but this morning there are no little touches, no sleepy kisses. Sherlock spent his night on the sofa, and slept badly for the hour or so he drifted off.
At Cambridge I saw ghosts wearing gowns and mortarboards, hurrying to class. Every street teemed with the ghosts of children, which was expected considering the numbers who died each year. Many were victims of accidents, but most succumbed to diseases— smallpox, measles, whooping cough, diphtheria, infant diarrhoea. It was tragic to see daily evidence of the many young lives cut short, as John’s was, but I could already foresee the beginnings of the science that would end these deaths and many others. Death itself, however, would still stalk the earth, claiming victims. It was not my calling to create vaccines and antimicrobials; I was summoned by the dead themselves to understand the barrier that lay between them and us, the living.
“Mr Holmes,” she said severely. “You know that young man was devoted to you. It nearly killed him to come back here, all the papers saying how you’d fallen to your death in that awful cataract. He had to make a change of life after that.”
On the train, he squints at the passing landscape, trying to see with the eyes of years ago. Harry was always a mess. The final fight with Dad ended in their angry agreement that she should leave and never come back. There was a gouge in the wall from where Harry threw a lamp at him, memorialising the occasion.
and fondle his hair. He wants to hold his hand when they walk down the street. That would be good, but not if John isn’t aware that this is not normal. They’ve been living in a delusion since the accident. They’re only friends, not whatever this is. Sherlock accepts this; he won’t ask John to change, to be someone he’s not. And he won’t take advantage of John’s injury to advance his own fantasies. When you love someone, you don’t do that. Sherlock loves John, a lot.
“I do wish,” he said, sighing. “I love you, Sherlock, and it won’t do for there to be things I can’t discuss with you. Not talking about this just gives it more power than it deserves. It’s best we drag the beast out in the open and examine it.”
The scene that followed, the one where Alex went to Molly to ask for her help, had felt sort of flat when they first rehearsed. Fortunately, the twins had been eliminated from the script. It was a hard fight, but Irene had been firm. Holly could have a failed marriage and one child. Since there wasn’t any dramatic purpose for the child, it was eliminated. Holly was just a sad divorcee.
He thinks he understands what went wrong last night, but he’s not sure how to fix it. Another item to discuss with Dr Eccles, when he has his appointment this afternoon.
“Of course. He won’t say anything. I told him I would bring you, but all he said was that you’d nothing to do with it. If there’s anything you want me to know, Mr Holmes, you’d best come clean now.”
And he’ll never do surgery again. That’s not what his own surgeons told him after they attempted to reassemble his shoulder, but he’s seen the images, before and after surgery. He knows. They were encouraging, reminding him of how much good physiotherapy can do, how important it is to keep a positive attitude while healing. The therapist said the same thing.
With Sherlock, he’d hoped they were on the same wavelength, and often that seemed to be true. But maybe there were things they needed to talk about. He just doesn’t know how to do that.
He’d almost forgotten about the killer. The only reason he’d moved over to Baker Street was because Holmes threatened to sleep on his floor. Right now, Holmes looks like he could sleep on the train platform. And Watson needs to think; he needs to be alone.
“No.” I held him close. “I have thrown my lot in with you as well, my dear. Whatever happens, we will face it together.”
“All right.” There wasn’t much opening involved. John opened the envelope and slid out a small book, handmade. The cover was designed to look like a textbook, adorned by a small drawing of John posing as the Vitruvian Man.
“I suppose John would have gone along with Molly’s plan. That’s why I agreed, even though it’s fucking mad having someone play his part, especially a wanker like Brook. John would have wanted to do it, though. That’s what I keep thinking, that he would have enjoyed it. It might have been fun.”
“Ella said that you’re good at… problems… like mine.” He smiles ruefully. “I guess I’m sort of a late bloomer. I mean, I’ve had relationships, just not… I never really thought I was… gay. But I’m in a relationship now, and there are… um, problems.”
They were in a cab, he thinks. Michael was explaining to the cabbie that he was taking his friend home, promising that he wouldn’t be sick on the upholstery. Parts of the ride are vague or missing, but now they’re in the alley, Michael supporting him with an arm under his shoulder. He remembers the last time only from the footage he later saw. He doesn’t remember fighting back, his attacker running away. This time, he’s more aware, but isn’t sure he’ll have the coordination or the strength to fight what’s about to happen.
I took a train north to Hampstead. In my present guise, as a plumber, a cab would have looked extravagant. Fortunately, I had learned enough about plumbing to be convincing, and had the foresight to have turned down the water pressure into the house the night before. The staff ought to have noticed it by now, and would be trying to get someone to come look at it.
Fortunately the King was content with my account of her visit and accepted her promise not to damage his current engagement.
“Oh.” I seem to be saying that a lot more than usual, but I cannot think of any actual words to say. I should shut up now; this is the point where I might begin to say something stupid. In a fake accent, with a fake moustache. Making a joke of what is obviously painful for him. “John, I’m so sorry.” I’ve been saying that a lot, too.
“Well, if she thinks she can create a wedding simply by willing it into existence, she is wrong. If she wants to waste her money on churches and reception halls and whatever other nonsense weddings entail, she may do so. I will not marry.”
cake, but didn’t have a relationship with it, as Mycroft did. If he couldn’t have cake, there were always biscuits.
“You might be a good dad and make some tea,” I suggested. “I’ll be a good step-dad and deduce what they’re doing here.”
I had always known this moment would come, when Watson would grab a chance to become respectable. We’d lived together for nearly nine years, two bachelors approaching thirty years, neither of us married. I know who Watson was when we met: a man hungry for a steady income, but content to live on the edge. What I’d given him was both security and danger. But a man changes as he enters the middle of his life; I saw signs that he was restless, perhaps ready to settle into a more respectable life.
The door burst open, revealing Irene, burdened with a pile of scripts. She was soon followed by Molly, Mike, and Anderson.
Being kept waiting was not something Sherlock Holmes usually stood for. He was aware that people recognised him everywhere he went in London, but didn’t usually let it go to his head. Still, waiting for half an hour felt like a bit of an insult. He had to play nice today, though, if he wanted this part.
She sipped her wine. “Actors carry around the ghosts of the people they’ve loved. It’s what they draw on when they play a character. Like writers, they have to understand character. I just want to be sure that you can do this, Sherlock.”
“All our bad luck began with you,” she said. “Your parents’ deaths were a punishment for something, a curse on our family that afflicted us all.” There was no spite or anger in her voice or expression; she stated this as if it were merely an observation, an accepted fact. I perceived that it was a way for her to understand why everything had gone so wrong for her. “We provided for you, but you were not grateful.”
The man smiled a bit smugly. “I must apologise for the foolishness of my step-daughter. I am afraid she has been taken in by some rogue, but my wife and I wish that she hadn’t come to you. It’s a bit embarrassing, in truth. There is no way that you could possibly find this Hosmer Angel—”
This woman wasn’t bad looking, as fans went. Maybe she knew him from one of his more recent performances. No, she fit the demographics for a Tribblite, as they called themselves. He imagined her in 1992, an gawky pre-teen with braces and limp hair, and remembered that phase in his own life, hating his own face, broadcast into homes across the UK. The acting itself was fun; on the set his full attention was occupied by the script and the other actors. Immersing himself in a role was the best thing he’d ever experienced. Everything else about it sucked.
“I’m not planning to fuck you, I’m giving you a massage,” I said. “It’s a thing they do in India, which I learned while I was there. Very relaxing for the muscles.”
“No, I suppose it hasn’t. Perhaps it’s a clue?” His smile is guileless. “Come, Sherlock! You’re a genius— think about it. You have all the pieces, so solve it.”
if I could stop seeing you on the pavement— then you would be out of this limbo, laid in your grave. Then I would have to face that I will never see you coming through the door of our flat again, never hear you pacing the floor at night, or find you asleep on the sofa in the morning. I’ll never hear you make brilliant deductions or play the violin at two a.m.— and if I can face all that, accept it as true and real and irrevocable, you will cease to exist.
“No, it isn’t all right. We don’t… we don’t do these things. We don’t hold hands and kiss. You’re not gay. We’re just friends.”
Sherlock shakes his head. “Add to that, I was just beginning to figure out that I was gay. There didn’t seem to be any way in which I was normal. I was intelligent, didn’t have to study hard to get good marks.
By this time John is moderately pissed, but he’s still surprised that Matt didn’t say anything to him. Doesn’t matter. He can be in the same room with Sherlock Holmes. He spent an entire day at his flat after the hospital released him. Obviously Holmes has friends, and it’s not strange that some of them would be gay. Nothing strange about it.
Watson chuckled. “My dear Holmes, do you really need to ask? I am hardly unacquainted with the inside of a gaol cell.”
Watson laughed, a sound I would never tire of hearing. “If he did, I would not know him, Mr Holmes. I would wonder what had happened to my stroppy, impatient, completely unreasonable partner.”
“Maybe we could go there for a few days,” Watson says. “Ask around, see what the other students know.”
Fortunately Angelo came over at that moment and set a candle on the table. After handing them menus, he opened a bottle of wine and poured them each a glass.
Mycroft stopped over one day. I’d notified him that we would start paying our own rent, so perhaps he wanted to see how we were managing.
As he does, he glimpses a swirl of wool, a dark figure swooping into his space like a large bird of prey. The intruder pulls out the chair opposite John and sits down.
But she’s cleaned herself up. Recent haircut, dark roots touched up. Her skin looks better, too, no shadows under her eyes. A bit of makeup, tasteful.
The restaurant is one he’s never tried, recommended by Mycroft. Angelo’s might feel more like home territory, but if it goes badly, he doesn’t want to spoil future dinners at his favourite restaurant with the memory of an evening gone wrong, or to have witnesses to the disaster. If it goes well, if there is
“I just thought…” He sees how absurd it is, but he might as well say it. “I wondered if we might have been friends. I mean, if things had been different. I think… I might have liked that, having you as a friend. There wasn’t anyone there I can honestly say that about. Nobody I’ve kept contact with.”
“I am tempted, though,” he went on. “If I could go back in time, come back to Earth before Jason was kidnapped, then none of this would have happened. Jason wouldn’t be gone—“ He choked back a real sob. Tears blurred his vision.
“It may as well be,” I groused. “Watson is missing. He left from these rooms. When was that? At least that may give me a place to begin.”
He accepted the call. “Hi, Mary… Yes, she’s here. She brought a friend— yeah, no. I didn’t invite them… Yes, I know you didn’t… Well, okay. See you soon.” He ended the call and faced the girls. “Ariel’s mum is coming to get you both.”
He regards John, who is watching his tea steep. Watching very intently. Avoidance, it seems, is the strategy he’s chosen.
“Because it was you. I missed you, and just seeing you, even with some idiot girl… I used to pretend that I was with you.”
“Don’t you see? They didn’t even bother with a DNA analysis of the remains. They assumed simply because he’d been missing, and they’d found a body—“
“Really?” He remembers Clara— a pretty, dark-haired woman Harry’s been with for a couple of years. He wouldn’t have guessed. Well, stereotypes are just things people make up so they don’t have to think about the nuances of human sexuality. People like labels; they save time and narrow down your choices.
It did not take me long to pick the lock to Watson’s room. He appeared to be asleep, breathing deeply and regularly. I closed the door softly and turned the key in it.
, anyway? It’s not really an adult thing. Adults have bosses, spouses, friends, lovers… John has two therapists (talk and physio), a few mates he never sees (because they actually have lives, complete with spouses and children), neighbours he never sees (because they have jobs) — and Sherlock Holmes.
So, he’ll tag along with Matt and his boyfriend. Why not? Maybe he can meet some people, have a few drinks with them, whatever. If it’s a gay bar, it will be an education.
His thoughts have been circling about school, back when he and Holmes were students. Walking through those buildings, across the campus, it all seemed so much smaller than he remembered. It felt vast when he arrived, and he had no idea how to fit in. He remembers that younger Holmes, sees him now with different eyes, sitting with people he despised because it protected him. He was just as alone as Watson was.
John speaks first. “It’s ironic. The week leading up to that night, I’d been thinking I should drink less. When I arrived there, I had the idea that I’d nurse a couple drinks for a few hours and leave. And I was having a good time. But I’m so used to getting plastered, I guess, that I didn’t even notice until it was too late that I’d been drugged.”
Stamford is more of an acquaintance than a friend, not close enough to listen to everything that’s wrong with John’s life, but he’s smiling at John as if he has no troubles of his own, as if he’s just been waiting here to be a sympathetic ear to someone. And John hasn’t had that in a long time. His therapist listens, but she’s paid to do that. Sometimes he imagines that he’s boring her, that she’s speculating about the cute guy who smiled at her in the elevator, or trying to remember if she turned off the cooktop. He hasn’t talked to anyone who seems genuinely interested in what John Watson has been through.
A few days went by without any demands from my mother. I hoped that I had made an unsatisfactory impression on the Ashton-Farbridges and would not hear anything more about that match. My mother is a master strategist, though, and I was certain that she had several more women lined up if the first was not interested. I shuddered, imagining an endless string of tedious evenings spent in their company.
“Perhaps.” I remembered a professor I’d studied under, a dashing and intelligent man who’d encouraged my interest in chemistry.
“I saw Sherlock,” he says, grinning. “That bastard. Called me Graham. Told me he had to come back because I’d been letting things slide.”
“They’re outside?” Silly question. Of course they knew where he and John would go. “Never mind. I suppose… we’ll have to…” He sighed. “Something.”
He paused mid-bite, frowning. “I hadn’t intended to say anything, but it occurred to me that doing silence would appear suspicious if I was insisting on my innocence. I thought of the evidence in that room, and the story came into my head.”
Dad’s job laid him off; he got another, but it didn’t pay as well, so they moved. In the house where he remembers growing up, there was just one bedroom. He and Harry shared because Mum worked nights, and Dad slept on the sofa downstairs, which made sense since he kept the telly on all night. In the morning, before he left for school, John would turn it off.
I rose from my chair and began to pace slowly. “It may surprise you to know that typewriters have as much individuality as a man’s handwriting. It’s the keys, you see, the way they wear. Tiny differences from one typewriter to another, things that a casual observer would not note. With a lens, these things are rather more obvious. It’s very interesting, Mr Windibank. I may one day write a monograph on the subject.” I casually picked up his letter and opened the folded sheet. “In regard to Mr Hosmer Angel, his letters show many irregularities of type. Interestingly enough, your letter to me appears to have been written on the same typewriter.”
Sherlock opens the closet, looks at their shirts and trousers hanging together, as if nothing has happened. John’s clothes are all practical, like him. His shirts are checked, his trousers are khakis or jeans, and he has a collection of hideous jumpers. He dresses like a dad, but it’s oddly endearing.
“All right, all right!” Sherlock grumbles into his knees. “Snark doesn’t suit you, Watson. I liked you better when you were blithely bumbling around in bars, looking forlorn and picking up serial killers.”
Sherlock was content with dead rodents, bird skeletons, and insects. And books. He loved books, and even Mummy couldn’t convince him that a book could not actually be loved because it was unable to return his love.
Sherlock gives him a half-smile. “You didn’t know about the affair until you came back. She probably didn’t want to say because you’d been wounded, so she kept it from you, thinking she’d tell you when you’d healed. Meanwhile, she kept seeing the other man secretly. You found out accidentally and that was what precipitated the separation.”
The case was a bizarre one, involving such diverse elements as a children’s birthday party, mismatched shoes, acupuncture needles, and a llama. By the time they’d discovered the last glitter bomb and diffused it, they were giddy with exhaustion.
Sherlock closes his eyes, imagining a spring day somewhere in Sussex. It’s warm enough to have the windows open at night, so when the sun is up, he can hear the bees beginning their day, humming and setting out to visit the flowers. John is sleeping next to him, warm and solid, spooning against Sherlock’s back. In a few minutes they’ll both be awake…
He didn’t like to disappoint me. Maybe that means that he cared about me. But he also didn’t tell me things. What that means— well, it’s pointless to think about it. I’d prefer to think that he felt some sentiment. He had a heart, even if he struggled with his feelings. Even if he had to self-medicate to deal with them.
“Well, Doctor,” says Lestrade. The look on his face is admiring. “Or should I say, Captain? He clearly didn’t expect you to fight back. I guess lessons learned in combat are pretty deeply wired.”
The more he thinks, the worse he feels. He gets up from the bed and splashes his face with cold water, looks at himself in the mirror.
“You called me Sherlock. That must be my name.” He smiled. “Oh, now I remember you. You’re my husband.”
He bites his lip. This isn’t going to be easy, he decides, if he has to be explicit. Somehow he imagined that he would be given some general guidance to start out, and maybe see how that goes. But why waste time? And why should he be embarrassed? Surely Jay has heard worse things than John can tell him.
He’d gone to a neighbourhood school for years with kids who’d been equally cheated by life, grubby kids who wore older siblings’ clothes and went home to parents resentful their own lives hadn’t turned out better. Everyone thought they were going to escape the old neighbourhood. Everyone imagined coming home rich and famous and letting the neighbours know that they made it out. It’s the myth that keeps the whole system plodding along.
Well, he’d already said that, several times. They both had. It was a regular competition each morning to see who could say it first. It was the last thing they said each night as they went to their separate beds.
“Oh, that part was true,” Holmes returned. “I went to seminary before I studied chemistry at Cambridge.”
The plot wasn’t convoluted. Part of what made the show so successful was that Alex was impossibly intelligent, and in spite of being naive about human culture, always inadvertently saved the day in the most satisfying way possible, without any obvious vanity about it, or even awareness of what he’d done. This story would be no different.
he realised. Baz Culpeper had done this sort of thing many times, and hadn’t once been clobbered by a cricket bat. Or whatever had just taken him down.
Watson catches a flicker of surprise on his companion’s face. Recovering quickly, Holmes drawls, “Sebastian.”
During the night he lies next to Watson, wrapping himself around the cold body, listening for the heartbeat that comes every few minutes. Every now and then the still form takes a visible breath, but otherwise he does not move.
“Of course. Dinner was lovely. Her brothers and their wives are delightful. Her parents are delightful. They all found me delightful. Mutual admiration all around.”
“As gay, she means,” John said. “I’m not worried. Straight people have been playing gays on the big and small screen for years. And whether anyone wants to recognise it or not, gay people have been on both screens as well, mostly playing straight characters. We’re actors; playing other people is what we do.”
He goes to funerals. This is something he’s always done, for centuries. He can’t explain why, but he wants to comprehend the grief he sees. What purpose does it serve? He used to grieve, back when Death was new, but over the years it’s lost the power to move him. He observes sorrow, trying to experience it vicariously.
“I know what I want, Sherlock. I want you, and I’ve told you that.” John looks down. He’s flushed and his breathing has increased. “Maybe you’ve changed
If this sounds very calculated, it is. But it grew out of a sentiment I had months ago. I was tired of pandemic, tired of politics, tired of remote teaching, and I just wanted to write something soft and sweet and johnlock. I must have started this story eleven times. The blind date scenario grabbed me, all the implications and complications of love-at-first-sight. But there was plenty of angst in my heart, and I guess it was inevitable that parts of this story would hurt.
And now he sees it— John is afraid she’s going to leave and take Rosie with her. He’s trying to keep them here so he won’t lose his daughter.
Holmes sits forward. His expression is calm, but Watson can see the anger behind those pale eyes. “The test of civilised societies, I believe, is in how we treat the weakest members.”
We all took a seat in one of the interrogation rooms. I lit a cigarette, gathering my thoughts. This would be a test, I understood, of how well I knew my Watson.
I glanced around. None of the other travellers or their welcoming parties were paying us any heed. “This is neither the time nor the place for such a discussion,” I said quietly. “For now, I will only say that there is nothing you could do that would make me regret having you back. I hope you will not hold it against me too much that I did not tell you I was alive.” I leaned in close, whispering. “I will tell you all, and then hope you will forgive me, Watson.”
Holmes: Everything escapes you, my dear Watson. I'm afraid that your conclusions are invariably erroneous. When I said that you stimulated me, I meant, to be frank, that in noting your fallacies I have occasionally been guided towards the truth.
He was in a cab, the one that had brought him home from Molly’s party. They’d stopped and he was supposed to pay the fare.
If he’d thought that having a romantic/sexual relationship with a man would be easier than it was with women, he was clearly wrong. He’d liked the fact that they don’t need a long conversation every time they have a disagreement. With Mary it was always like hammering out a major treaty between two world powers. He never argued much, so maybe it was more like the loser conceding to the terms dictated by the winner.
He raised a hand to stop me from speaking. “I am not saying that you were evil. You did not wish ill things on others, but you cared only for yourself, believed in your own superiority, and saw no reason to care for other people. I am not sure who to blame for this. We all encouraged you to learn, especially our mother. Our father’s death was a great loss. He had many faults, but he was a kind man. At university I think you first lost your way, immersing yourself in the purely intellectual, which opened you to the vices that almost killed you. You left university, but would not pay heed to anything I said. I worried that you would eventually destroy yourself.
Barely were these words out of his mouth than I dropped to the floor, reaching for my revolver as I did. As if at a distance, I heard the shot explode, then glass breaking. I wondered what the bullet had hit. I expected him to fire again, but before I could aim the revolver, the light went out, and I heard the crash of a body hitting the desk. The lamp, I assumed, had been knocked from the desk.
“I was unsatisfied, not knowing whether the man who confessed to me was telling the truth. Since I did not know if I’d solved the murder he committed, I had to try it myself. As far as I can tell, I have succeeded.”
“Your master is correct, Doctor Watson. I am here to warn him.” Scowling, he turned that dark gaze on me. “Leave off, Mr Holmes. You’ve inconvenienced me repeatedly, and there can be just one outcome. It has been stimulating, matching myself against an intelligent opponent, but we both know that when forced to take extreme measures, I will do what I must. Do not smile, Holmes. I am quite serious. Stand clear, or be trodden under foot.”
John rolled his eyes. “Oh, that’s rich. You break into my flat, go through my things, and now you’re threatening me. I could call the police right now, tell them you were robbing me, deny that I’m who you say I am. See what that kind of publicity might do for you.”
They eat without resuming their former conversation, occasionally remarking about how good the food is. They skip coffee and baklava and walk home in silence.
“I know it’s fine. To be honest, I haven’t had time for romance. As I said, I’ve been married to my work. I never thought I needed more.”
When he finally has his hands on John, though, the first thing he explores is the scar. He feels its contours, studies the landscape the bullet carved into his shoulder and chest. Rolling John onto his belly, he touches the entrance wound on his back. Reverently, he kisses it.
I took little pleasure in the cases that came my way. If I refused a case, my brother would appear with some trivial matter for me to resolve, just to keep me from despair. He did not lecture me, thankfully, but kept a watchful eye on me.
You don’t look up as I approach, keeping my balance by holding onto the seat backs as the train lurches around a series of bends, but you know I’m here. I can see it in the way your posture subtly shifts. You’re alert, waiting for me.
John drinks because life has backed him into a corner and he doesn’t know what to do other than sit there and stare back at it until one of them decides to strike. He drinks because it’s not a fight he can win, and not one he can sit out, and he’s paralysed, torn between caution and reckless abandon. He drinks because nothing is fair, he’s got a limp and two therapists while Sherlock Holmes has an amazing life, so brilliant and amazing that he has to stalk Watson and make sure he knows it.
Molly’s looking a bit embarrassed, which is odd. People often don’t know what to say to people who are grieving, but Molly isn’t one of those people. She specializes in death and knows how to talk to people about it.
Watson: Why, thank you, Holmes. I have made an effort to master your system, and am glad that I have earned your approval. If there is anything that escapes me--
The rehearsals stepped up in the weeks before the live broadcast. Once a date was set, an announcement was sent to all the media outlets, so there was no more need for secrecy, except about the actual plot, which could hardly be a secret to anyone who had watched the series. The live performance would be preceded by a half-hour retrospective, highlighting the best moments of
We wait two weeks before Sherlock feels he’s ready for the publicity. Until then, he refuses to leave the flat. Most days he sits and watches the telly, falling asleep without really paying any attention. I make him toast and eggs when he’ll eat them, and always keep a hot cup of tea nearby, where he can reach it.
“They’ll only come back. Leave them be for now. Mike will make an announcement, set up an interview or something.”
“He is a coloured* man, Holmes.” He looked at me as if I might challenge this. “A true friend. He saved my life, more than once. I divided my share of the gold mine with him. It was he who hid me after I shot Woodley, when his brother swore to kill me.”
“As I explained to you and Mike last week, relationships are not my area. People tolerate me, at best. People want to
He gave his name as Count Von Kramm. I offered him the chair opposite mine. Watson stood by the desk, his writing notebook open and ready to receive information, waiting for our guest to be seated before taking his own seat.
“I’m so sorry,” he said, smiling regretfully. (Who said he couldn’t act?) “Contractually, I’m not allowed to read fan-scripts. They actually had to write it into my contract because I kept reading things fans sent me and trying to get the studio to produce them. To be honest—“ All a lie, of course— as if he would read anything a fan sent him! He’d stopped reading fan mail when he was sixteen.
“I know.” Sherlock is still looking at him. “What I mean to say is this: I am who I am, Watson. You’ve seen enough of me to have no doubt that I’m rude, arrogant, insensitive, and abrasive. I’ll deduce what you want to hide, announce it in the worst possible situations. I’ll trample your feelings, and I won’t apologise. I forget to talk sometimes, for days, even. I don’t live by the clock. I stay up and play violin at all hours, fall asleep when you’re talking to me, forget to eat, and leave a mess wherever I go because I’m always thinking about something else. You won’t change me, Watson. People have tried. God knows, my parents tried, my brother tried. Even Lestrade tries sometimes. So if you’re thinking you can fix me, the way you always want to fix every fucking thing that’s wrong in the world, as if you’re responsible for making everything right, you can forget it. Moving in here with me is definitely a symptom of incipient insanity, but I think I might just drive you round the twist.”
“You mustn’t mind, Master William,” she said. “It’s natural that your aunt will prefer her own children. You must accept the charity you’ve been given and remember that she and your uncle did take you in, when they might have left you in an orphanage, or the poor house. Do not let your pride make you ungrateful.”
At some point, he began reading books about knights. He liked the stories with dragons and people who needed rescuing, and this was when he became aware that there was another love.
When I first hired Watson, I remembered thinking that he would one day leave me and marry. Now it alarmed me to think that day might be imminent. In truth, it alarmed me to think of Watson with anyone else, whether male or female. Miss Ashton-Farbridge had not broken my heart, but it was clear that I did have one. Watson was mine; the freckle-faced girl would not have him.
A couple days a week working at a small surgery gives John the reassurance that he’s returned to real life. Sherlock hasn’t made any fuss about paying the rent or buying the groceries, but John wants to do his part. It isn’t just the money; it’s being useful. He’s a doctor with some serious medical problems of his own, but he can’t just settle into the role of invalid. He needs to be a doctor, even if he can’t be a surgeon.
“You’re insane.” This sounded like a line from a cheesy script, but at that moment Sherlock was beginning to understand the extent of Brook’s insanity. He was, quite literally, a sociopath.
It’s curious. He hears the gun fire and sees Watson fall. It’s a gut wound, he can tell, which means he will bleed out quickly and go into stasis.
“While love is the most human of emotions,” he improvised, finding his feet at last, “I am not human. I am an alien who came to this planet unequipped for what I would learn. I came to study, to analyse and use my mind to understand your world. But you taught me to love the world. Can it be so strange, then, that I love nothing in this world so well as you? It is true: I love you, Jason.” His voice was rough with unshed tears.
I sit. I can’t help myself. I have to touch him, lay my hand on that head that I last saw broken on the pavement. His forehead is hot. “You’re ill.”
As we came through the doors of Scotland Yard, a policeman approached and whispered something to Lestrade.
Mycroft seemed to have mastered parental love. He was never punished, and always ate his dinner, cleaned his teeth, etc. He had clearly worked out the relationship between these things and getting the things he wanted. Namely, cake. Perhaps that was why he was so podgy.
“I’m afraid we must agree to disagree. To me, it is the one question that all people eventually answer. I only want to understand. Until then, I can never— ah, it’s pointless. You will never convince me to stop.”
He might have found a job by now, and been able to afford a better flat. Even without a job, he could have found a better place to live, but he’s been so carefully guarding his money that he hasn’t let himself dare. It’s an automatic reflex from the days when his father used to rant about money, saying they would be out on the streets if they spent too much on things— school clothes, books, food. They ate noodles cooked with chicken necks or any other part of an animal the butcher would sell them cheap. It’s true that Dad was broke when he died, but that was mostly because he was always being taken in by cons, thinking that each one was the investment that would finally pay off. The house was heavily mortgaged; the bank took it back when he died. The shame of that has never left John. It’s driven him to this: a horrible flat, cheap meals, and a shitty social life.
He pulled me into the alley nearest 221B, shoved me against a wall. I felt his breath hot on my neck.
“That is my intention,” Mycroft replies gravely. “What I mean to say is that the universe is rarely so lazy. While events may lack a causal connection, their significance lies in the meaning we assign to them. The happy couple we celebrate today may have met in any number of ways. They may, in fact, have passed one another on the street without knowing it. These coincidences are unimportant. They are random events in a world full of uncertainty.”
Sherlock is kissing him back. One hand is in Watson’s hair, the other around his waist, pulling him closer. He sighs into Sherlock’s mouth, deepens the kiss into something less desperate, more passionate.
I will not deny that things had become better for me. The changes the trustees had made after the epidemic had been maintained, and we were much better fed and clothed. No one had died the winter after that, nor the next year. Ironically, the Reverend Grimshaw himself had died of influenza my last winter at Milford, and management of the school passed to kinder people, and though still poor, the school did not seek to make our lot any harder than it needed to be. My teachers had done their best to stimulate my intellect and give me books through which I was able to learn about the things that compelled me. When I left, my old tutor, Mr Andrews, gave me a pocket lens and said he hoped I would not think badly of my time at Milford.
David is the one she said she’d broken up with, but hadn’t. The one she still pretends is just her agent, though it’s obvious that they’re more.
“Whatever for? He’s not one to loiter about or cause trouble. If you’ve trumped up some charge against him—”
Sometimes Mycroft comes to see me now. Once or twice he’s picked me up from work and taken me home. Those were always days when I took the train instead of biking there. I don’t know how he knew. I suppose it’s pointless to wonder how Mycroft knows any of the things he knows.
He isn’t able to work, so he’s more or less pensioned off, waiting to see what he can make out of the shards of the life that a bullet shattered. He’s depressed, angry, and has a therapist who advises him to write blog posts about his nothing-ever-happens life. Whoever agrees to share a flat with him would have to be mad. He wouldn’t wish himself on anyone.
It’s after midnight. The conversation with Sherlock has keyed her up a bit, and she’s spent the last hour reading a book just to make herself sleepy. As she’s ready to finally turn out the light, the bell rings. She gets out of bed and presses the button to reply. “Who’s there?”
Her voice was fond. “You’re the kind of person who needs to get used to an idea before you can accept it. You’ve made Baz your own creation, and you feel some ownership over him. I just wanted you to incorporate this idea into his character before you get hit with a script. And I might be picking your brain for some ideas about how he will handle it.”
Irene shook her head. “Actually, it’s not the first*. And we ran a few minutes over; technically the kiss happened at three minutes after the hour, but I’m hoping we’ll still get some complaints.”
“Didn’t have to,” she said, sniffing. “I read his face. A love letter, I’m sure.” She gave me an angry glare. “He was devoted to you, as I said. And you’ve been galavanting around the world, I suppose, when you might have cured his grief with a postcard. Or a telegram. Something. Just two words:
“Isn’t the whole point of quesadillas that they’re made of cheese?” asked Mike, looking wistfully at the tray.
We waited outside the wrought-iron fence until the house lights had all been out for a half an hour before entering through the garden. It was not yet midnight. I had worked out that we should enter through the green house, which opened into the drawing room. From there, we could make our way into Milverton’s study, where the safe was. That room also had a door that opened out onto a veranda, which would be locked and too noisy to consider picking.
I kept an eye on Watson, noting his consternation. He smiled and stammered and looked completely out of his element. Even the King of Bohemia had not unnerved him so. He had never mentioned any experience with women, and I wondered if this was the cause of his unease. Still, I had never noticed him display any shyness with our female clients.
boxing? Have you ever been set upon by five larger boys with humiliating intent? I have, and whatever you think of my stature, I am certain that I could knock you out cold if I wanted to.”
“Shut up, Gregson,” I replied savagely. “If you think you can convict a man without evidence, you are far stupider than I thought. Now, bring Watson up here and let me talk to him.”
Though Watson was frequently the object of feminine glances, women rarely flirted with me. I supposed that they could sense my disinterest. Indeed, there are few things that bore me more than feminine conversation. Females were put off by my brusqueness and incivility, as most people were, which saved me a lot of time and trouble. Women always take a great deal of the former and bring a great deal of the latter.
It had been over three years since I had laid eyes on John Watson, and now I wondered if I might even recognise him. I looked for that blond head, always bright as a new penny. He would be wearing a hat, of course. How would he be dressed? Most of the travellers were wearing tweed or gabardine against the chill, damp air, laden with parcels and baggage. They greeted those who met them with joy, hugging and kissing one another and exchanging news.
It’s not like all the times before. He’s always waited for Watson, he realises, because Watson always comes back. The longest he ever waited was hundred and twenty-three years.
As we were finishing up our tea, we heard a rattle in the street. Watson ran to the window and looked down. “Here he is now, in his carriage.” He laughed. “He looks like Mr Pickwick!”
He rubbed his chin thoughtfully. “That he works in an office, and that he might be someone she knows, someone whose handwriting she would recognise.”
It was terrifying. Alone had protected him. It was familiar, that ache, so familiar that he hadn’t realised it was there and had been for years. He had never waited for love, or thought he deserved it. That’s not what knights errant do.
Holmes waves a dismissive hand. “It’s a game to him. He leaves the sign to see how observant we are, to tease us. It’s an Easter Egg he doesn’t expect anyone to find. Graffiti happens everywhere, and a number is not so remarkable. Obviously he has some medical training. If you could remember what you were talking about before you were led into the alley, like a lamb to slaughter—“
“You’ve been thinking about John, and it bothers you. You wonder why he would do something like that. We all knew him, and he wasn’t like that. People change, obviously, but it was unexpected.”
the British government. Sherlock seems to resent his over-involvement. As for the Holmes parents, he’s heard nothing. They mentioned
It was my intention to move on, but I’m not sure I’m really doing that. I said goodbye. Sometimes I slip and pretend he’s here, that he’s asleep on the sofa, and I’m just watching him. I miss him— talking to him, being amazed by the things he said and did. I miss waking up, knowing that no day could possibly be boring with him in it, even if he just stayed on the sofa all day in his dressing gown.
“I should have quit. My manager thought it would be a huge boost for my career, working on a serious movie.
“Brother.” He sighed. “It would not be wise to refuse her. She has also noticed John Watson, and your great affection for him.”
Tears are running down John’s face. Or maybe it’s Sherlock who’s crying. He’s not sure who takes the first step, but then they’re standing, arms around each other, holding on for dear life.
John stood in the doorway, wearing a t-shirt and a pair of Sherlock’s pyjamas (rolled up at the ankles). He smelled like Sherlock’s shampoo, his skin glowing, his hair poking up like a hedgehog. Sherlock couldn’t help himself. He needed to touch that compact body, feel his warm, damp skin, and remind himself that John wasn’t dead.
I look around at the flat. Overflowing bookcases, papers and books and magazines piled on the floor. An experiment left out, microscope on the table. The refrigerator is not empty, but it has been cleaned out, body parts replaced with a pan of lasagna and half of a cake with white icing, blue flowers. There is milk, recent. I suppose Mrs Hudson is trying to look after me.
Women aren’t really his area, he’s decided. Dating taught him that. His mates called him Three Continents because he would ask out almost any woman, and most of them accepted
Once I’d entered the hall, I witnessed something unexpected. Around the high ceiling beams, shadowy forms moved, more like a vapour than actual shapes. I watched, entranced, as they began to resolve, gaining human features— arms, legs, faces. Every one was a child.
I shook my head. “You always have been strong enough to live without me, John. I’m the weak one. The only thing that kept me alive was the thought of returning to you. Without you, I would have wished for death.”
. “Most relationships have things that need to be worked out, regardless of sexual identification or orientation. You’re two individuals with your own experiences and feelings. It’s unrealistic to expect that you will
After he'd thought about it, he rationalised. Obviously, Sherlock was trying to show that he wasn't such a sociopath.
He spends the afternoon unpacking boxes, making himself at home in his new flat. Mrs Hudson has been kind enough to give him a discount, but he worries a bit about pulling in enough fees to keep up the rent. His income tends to be irregular. His landlady has enough to live on without his rent, but he shouldn’t take advantage of her just because she owes him. It’s a fully furnished flat, and though the furniture is somewhat eclectic, he feels grateful not to have to shop for such things. This could be more than a place to stay; it could be his home.
“John, you must know that I am not standing in judgement. Your daughter doesn’t change anything between us.”
John laughs softly against his lips. “Bedroom. Just warning you, though: I barely slept last night, so I might fall asleep if I'm horizontal.”
“You should have let me shoot him,” he said, glaring at the door. “How dare he come in here and threaten you in your own home?”
Or maybe you’re in Brussels or Belarus for a few days. When you get home you’ll tell me how boring it was, how the case wasn’t even a two. You’ll tell me it wasn’t worth your time. You’re so bored, maybe you’ll borrow my pistol and take it out on the wall. You did that once, I remember. That same day we had an argument about the solar system. You were ranting, and I’d had enough. I went to Sarah’s that night, slept on her couch.
Dennis, who is apparently the most observant and tactful waiter in the world, delays bringing out our meal until we are more composed.
Aside from the things I have related here, nothing worth writing about happened while I was at Milford. I lived at the school until I was fourteen, when my brother Mycroft returned from overseas and found me there. All this time he’d been living in India, married with two small children. His return to England was arranged so that he could take up a new job in the government.
“I was. I couldn’t believe you’d do that to me, make me watch you die like that. But I understand now, and I’m not angry. Well, maybe I’m still a bit angry with Mycroft.”
“All right. I was sort of… infatuated with you. You with your rugby shorts and your stupid tight little arse, running around oblivious. And I sort of wished I hadn’t insulted you. I thought about asking you… but it’s not an easy thing to ask John Watson if he wants to come to your room and study chemistry.”
“I apply my mind to whatever concerns humans,” I said. “The artistic impulse may not move me, but I understand it. Art gives me insight into human motivation. Why, more than one case has been solved simply by studying the art hanging on the walls of a crime scene.”
Seeking a distraction, he opens a bottle of whisky, pours himself a couple fingers. When he’s pouring a second glass, he calls Harry.
That house was cluttered, full of clothing nobody wore anymore, chipped dishes, boxes of things that didn’t work, rubbish his Dad held onto because it was
I nod. “Why, Sherlock? I know about the snipers, and what Moriarty made you do. And I can see what you’re doing now. But you didn’t have to go alone. I could have helped you. I would have.”
“I have one rule.” Sherlock is glaring at him, which makes him look rather deranged. “You’re not allowed to die.”
John was silent for a moment, his eyes closed. Years ago, Sherlock had known John’s face better than his own, every smile or frown, every nuance. Now he didn’t trust himself to guess what John was feeling.
“Why do we have to do this? The script is so… bad. And nonsensical. I can’t play that role again. I feel like I’m going to be Alex Tribble for the rest of my life.”
“Why do you call me Sherlock?” Though it is my middle name, no one had ever called me anything but William, or Will.
He is who he is, and he’s sure he can’t be anyone else, least of all, the person he’s been pretending to be. Trying so hard to be. He’s not sure what he’s doing, where he’s going. But, well. Too much worry just paralyses you. He’s letting go of that.
It’s Saturday, he thinks. Well, it’s good he can remember things like where he lives and what day it is. He hasn’t lost his phone. His key is in his hand. A positive sign in a week topped up with dreadful. Like one of those magic glasses that automatically refill themselves. But those aren’t a real thing. An illusion. Or maybe it’s just a thing in Harry Potter.
How did he ever consider this acceptable? He’s lived here for months, thinking it was good enough. Not great, but he didn’t have the funds for
For a moment he imagines what it would be like to raise a kid with that level of intelligence and tenacity. Someone should award the Holmes parents a medal, a trophy, something, just for seeing Sherlock to maturity. For another moment, he wonders if Sherlock even has family. Maybe he’s like John, without kith or kin. A brother— he might have mentioned a brother. Still, it’s hard for John to imagine happy holidays at the Holmes residence. Christmas dinners and such. Well, maybe he and Sherlock have something in common after all. Why that pleases him, he can’t say.
Mycroft picks up his umbrella and they step out onto the landing. As they descend the stairs, they hear Lestrade’s voice. “You’ve known me for ages. It’s about time you started calling me Greg.”
My mother laughed. “Do not look so shocked. Why did I give your father sons, if not to carry on his name? In spite of many opportunities, neither of you have fulfilled your family duty. Mycroft, at your stage of life, you might marry a widow, but no woman of child-bearing age will consider marrying a middle-aged clerk of uninspiring appearance. You have missed your opportunity and must accept the consequences.”
Not that I have ever entered such a state. I am at all times a scientist, determined to understand phenomena within the laws of nature. I do not know why I was given this talent, but I would not waste it on seances, though that might have brought me a tidy income. Money was not my objective; knowledge was what I sought.
He’s still awake as the sun rises. The sky is purple and the sun is orange, reflecting across the water, turning the cliffs gold. He sits, gazing across the channel, thinking of everything that lies ahead of him.
He stood before the door of 221B. His keys were in his pocket, his mind elsewhere. It was still raining. His coat was wet, his feet cold. He blinked at the door knocker, recognising where he was. Inside, it would be dry. He might make tea. He might start a fire and get warm. All good ideas.
Anderson and Donovan were clearly having some fun reprising their roles as the mean kids, the villains who’d been outsmarted so many times that they ought to have given up, but never did. They hammed it up a bit, got a few solid laughs from the audience.
“And when she finds that you’ve broken off the engagement, perhaps it will mean trouble for you.” Watson was smirking a bit. “You’ve grown quite good at this game, romancing housemaids and cooks. I would worry about losing you to this vixen, but I’ve seen how it always ends, you heartbreaker.”
“I’ll get it for you,” the guy sitting in Sam’s seat says. They were introduced, he remembers. Michael is his name, or maybe Mark. Dark, artfully messy hair, pale skin and eyes that might be green. Slim black jeans, fitted shirt. Laying a hand on John’s arm, he says, “Be right back.” And he winks.
“And yet,” I said, “What would humans be without poetry? It is the essence of our great language, the basis of our culture… why, the British empire might never have existed but for Beowulf.”
I rounded the corner of Baker Street, thinking of what I still needed to learn. I knew the general layout of the house, but wanted to know more about her master’s habits. Women love to talk, but she might grow suspicious if I asked too many questions about what time Milverton retired and where his bedroom was located.
They stop in at a nearby pub and take a corner table. John sends a text to Sherlock, estimating when he’ll be home. He tells him he ran into Greg and they’re having pint. He doesn’t mention the group, but thinks that tonight he should probably share with Sherlock that he’s seeing a counsellor and attending the group.
“My parents call me William. When I started school I decided to use one of my middle names because there were already lots of Williams.”
I’d want you to forget my name. And it wouldn’t matter anyway. You can waste your last bit of mental energy thinking about it, which is what he wants you do to, but it’s much more important for you to remember anything at all that stood out to you, even in your drug-induced state of depressed awareness. Physical characteristics, vocal tics, anything he said or did that was odd.”
“Baker Street.” I had a terrible thought then. “If you want to, that is. Have you made other… arrangements?”
Watson coaxes Holmes into lunch before they board the train. His feelings about the events of the last two days are muddled. He wants to talk to Holmes, ask him what’s behind his grim conviction that people are horrible. All he can do, though, is push sandwiches on him, urge more tea, and notice how exhausted he looks. His skin has a greyish pallor and his usually sharp eyes are dim, focused inward.
She might be afraid of what claims he could make on her, though. What if she decides to leave London, take their daughter with her?
Deciding not to address the fact that Harry is his sister, not his brother, or acknowledge that she has indeed left her girlfriend and started drinking again, he goes straight to the point. “Why are you here?”
No, I couldn’t say it, not to her, not to anyone. That was between me and you. Only I never told you. Maybe that’s what keeps me awake at night.
The book opens automatically to Chapter Five, “Chemical Bonding.” There’s a piece of paper tucked into the page, a folded note, ordinary lined paper.
The following afternoon we had just settled ourselves for tea when the bell rang. I heard Mrs Hudson open the door and a female voice speaking below.
Morstan turned to Lestrade. “How about you? How would you feel about a romance between Baz and Hawke?”
His eyes widen, but then he nods. “Yeah. When I was wounded. One of the things I realised then. Time to be honest with myself. And when I came back, things were different.”
“I know where he is,” Charles was saying. “There, in the window-seat is where he hides, the coward.”
These were my thoughts as I stood on that chair, my eyes not meeting the upward gaze of my fellows. I felt something like a martyr at the stake— the looks they cast at me, the flames that might engulf me. God, if he existed, allowed such injustice to happen. Being ineffable, his reason was hidden to me, a child. I did not know why people should suffer, why children too young to know the world should die. I would not die, I decided. I would live, and learn to be stronger.
He considers this question. The answer is one they’ve often debated, even coming to blows over it a few times. Years ago he’d told Watson his conclusion that emotions were useless. Joy was pointless because its counterpart, grief, could not be avoided. Love was pointless because people die. The only way he could cope with all the mortality surrounding him was to be aloof, to stay detached and not let himself be biased. Passion may have its place, but as a scientist, he keeps it confined in that narrow place.
I’d thought about joining too, but only because I have a military kink and enjoy ogling half-dressed soldiers. Now that I had John, looking for men in uniform to ogle was no longer a problem. I looked at him half-naked every morning when he made breakfast. On weekends, he wore his camo pants.
“Indeed.” Philip fidgeted in his chair. “I sometimes don’t know what to do with this passion. I feel so much, but don’t know what it is that I want.”
As they read through the confrontation scene, Sherlock tried to figure out what it was about Brook that annoyed him so much. The bad acting, obviously. But setting that aside, the man gave off a weird vibe. Irritating mannerisms, a smug facade, a simmering resentment. No one seemed to take him seriously, but Irene had put a name to that vibe:
By ten, John still hasn’t come. What is he doing? Shopping for a new wardrobe so he doesn’t have to see Sherlock again? It’s unbearable.
“You’re not upsetting me.” He’s filled the needle and is frowning at it. “Mine is the best because it’s poetic justice. Blood is just… messy.” He gives a small shudder.
Mike gave him the address only because he pleaded with him and insisted that he wasn’t stalking the man, trying to solve him like a crime. In truth he is, but that’s only part of why he is here, about to pay a call on a man who probably would be happy never to see Sherlock Holmes again, or even hear his name.
My brother visited me on one of those dog days. Dressed as lightly as a gentleman can decently manage and still be presentable, he was as pink as a boiled ham, with perspiration pouring down his face. Mopping his broad forehead with an already damp handkerchief, he sank his bulk into a chair facing me. For several minutes he panted, red-faced.
For Sherlock, it would be a test not only of his acting, but of his impulse control. He wanted badly to put his fist in Brook’s face, but he couldn’t be the one who ruined this. His own career might survive, but it would damage his relationship with his co-stars. Surprisingly, it mattered to him.
They have a case, an odd one. A man named Garrideb, looking for two more Garridebs, a fortune to be shared by the men with that name. It’s about the money, he knows. People will kill for money, which only gets you more money— and less time. Time is the true currency, but no one gets more of that, and you can’t trade lives with anyone. By this measure, he and Watson are as rich as Croesus.
letter while he was in Afghanistan. The woman who spared him the trouble of discovering her infidelity, but still hurt him deeply.
“I wrote you letters,” I said. “Well, I burned them all, so you’ll have to take my word for it. I thought of you all the time, and writing was how I talked to you.”
“I knew you’d be going somewhere, though. Figured it would be a pub within walking distance of that awful bedsit you call home. You want to stay in London, but it’s all you can afford. It’s truly a shame that the government doesn’t provide better lodging for our invalid veterans.”
the two of them falling in step— the cases, the chases, the evenings together, the nights of passion, the silences, the violin.
“No.” That’s the past; tonight is about going forward. And who wears a uniform on a blind date? It was always good for pulling girls, but this is not
The gun isn’t of any use to me now, anyway. I’m not going to kill myself, and I no longer run after the criminal classes. I’m just an ex-blogger, ex-colleague of a consulting detective, somebody who had his picture in the paper a couple times. Few people recognised me then. Nobody recognises me now.
“I know about sex,” she said, pulling her feet up onto John’s chair. “We studied sexual orientation in health. But they wouldn't tell us how boys have sex with each other. Actually they didn’t tell us much that was useful. Stuff about condoms and herpes and HIV. Boring. But my friend Jason told me how boys have sex. He said—”
Watson notes the watch he wears. It looks expensive, but it might be a cheap knock-off for all he knows. In school Wilkes used to talk constantly about his father, who was a
“We need but wait, and she will change her mind. We’ll send her flowers, I think. She will appreciate the gesture. And we’ll come to dinner more often. She will read your stories, and critique them, and come to love you because there is not a woman alive who does not find you irresistible, and though she will never admit it, she has a proclivity for romance. I have no worries, even if she changes her will. Money is nice to have, Watson, but life isn’t all about money.”
Rosamund Two had by now returned with a small carton of milk, accompanied by yet another Rosamund. “You’re getting married? When?”
He’d had a dream. There was something he needed to remember, and the dream had reminded him of it. His subconscious was trying to tell him something. Sliding back under the sheets, he closed his eyes and tried to reenter the dream.
The fact that John says he loves Sherlock means very little, he realises. Love is an emotional thing, a state of mind that impedes rational thought. John
They stare at each other for a long moment. Gradually, they move forward until their lips just touch.
Most people blunder around this city, and all they see are streets and shops and buses and cars. But you’ve seen a lot of trouble, a lot of injuries, violent deaths. More than enough for a lifetime.
“She hasn’t said anything to me about it,” he says. “I doubt she’d want to leave London. She would have told me if she were thinking about that.”
He shakes his head. “That was hard to hear, that you told so many people, but you didn’t tell me. You didn’t trust me.”
“I won’t be wearing my trousers in bed, though,” Watson whispered. “Nor will you. Perhaps we should—“
The kettle is heating, and the sound of the water coming to a boil drowns out the faint sounds I thought I heard. I drop a teabag in my mug. While I’m waiting, I head to the loo. Washing my hands, I study my reflection in the mirror. I’m haggard, hollowed out. I look ten years older than I did just a few weeks ago. That was a tough time, combatting Moriarty’s campaign, fighting all the lies and misinformation, but we’d been through tough times before and come out all right. Even that last day, I knew Sherlock was trying to solve it. I believed that everything would be all right.
Sherlock would have an answer, he’s sure. Realising this makes him feel embarrassed, but he also remembers the look on Sherlock’s face when they saw the surveillance video. Watching John dispatch his attacker, he was smiling. That makes John’s heart leap. One more thing he doesn’t understand.
“We could go away, if you like.” I said this not because I wanted to leave London permanently, but because I thought maybe John needed a holiday from parental responsibilities.
“I shall be back late, Mrs Hudson. Do not wait up. Breakfast rather later than usual, I think. Coffee, not tea.”
Philip Hughes nodded. “This is brilliant.” He smiled at me. “This will revolutionise the science of criminal investigation.”
Though diminished by weeks of illness and pain, John’s body is compact and muscular. Sherlock runs his hand over the lovely curves of his arse, feels the flat belly with the dusting of gold hair that grows there. His own body he considers less beautiful, gangly and too skinny, pale and dotted with the freckles he has always hated.
The case could be interesting, Sherlock thinks. He hopes it is, because then he might be able to make it up to John for leaving him behind without a word last time.
And now she was in love with a man who was hiding things from her, a criminal who might even have killed people.
From a concealed spot on the neighbouring property, I heard one of the police give a shout, and saw several run towards the fence. I watched as they took Watson down and heard them arrest him for the murder of Charles Augustus Milverton. I hoped that he would not make up some fantastic lie to avoid implicating me. It would be best if he simply refused to answer their questions. In any case, I had no intention of letting him be tried for murder.
“Jesus, John.” Lestrade rubs his hands over his face. “This is morbid. I really think you need to talk to someone—“
which is where you, dear reader, have just found me, hiding from my cousins and wishing the rain would stop so I could go exploring.
“Because we anticipated a murder? Obviously, we did not expect to meet anyone there. We were wearing masks, unarmed, and found ourselves in the middle of something we had no idea was going to occur.”
“Something like that.” Holmes smiles sheepishly. “You hating me sort of puts a damper on things. Though I did say I was sorry. I’ve been reliably informed that’s what you’re supposed to do.”
John had given up, and that made Sherlock angry. Though he hadn’t wanted help for himself, it angered him that John hadn’t sought help, that he hadn’t told anyone he was going under, drowning in his own fame. But being angry at a dead man did no good. He’d blamed the manager, he’d blamed Harry. He’d blamed the paparazzi who hounded him, the press who made his death more newsworthy than his life.
, because Holmes doesn’t matter. He’s nothing to John Watson. Let him have whatever kind of life he has, with his coat collar popped up, looking all mysterious and dead sexy. With those cheekbones you could cut yourself on, those pale eyes that can see into a person’s soul. He’s someone now. Said he was on a case last time, so maybe he’s a cop. Doesn’t seem like a job for a posh git, though, being a bloody cop. What does he tell them at Priory, when he goes for reunions?
His reply was calm. “Not until I know that Jason is all right. How do I know that you haven’t killed him already?”
It doesn’t matter. Watson knows him, can see what he is feeling. Anger, regret, and something else that Holmes himself hasn’t yet defined, doesn’t want to define.
John ducks his head when he says this, sticks his hands in his pockets, almost as if he doesn’t want to be scrutinised. Sherlock knows how to spot a lie, and this is certainly one.
That makes more sense. Even his phone must know that he’s not happy, though. In fact, he’s beyond unhappy, well into clinical depression, if he reads the symptoms correctly. He wakes up feeling like he has a load of bricks on his chest. He’s angry, he’s sad, he can’t sleep, he sleeps too much. He hates his life, hates his shoulder, his shaky hand, and his stupid leg.
“I do want to. I’m just so… angry, I guess.” He gives Sherlock a sheepish smile. “So, you didn’t actually deduce it from that interview we were just watching.”
here, just a year before you came, I had already learned my lesson at another school. And another one before that. I wasn’t about to be bullied again, so I used the only weapon I had to protect myself from their stupidity. I deduced them. You heard Wilkes; they all hated me. But they also feared me, and they needed me. Yes, I let them cheat. Another thing I used to my advantage. Obviously I have to live with the harrowing shame I now feel that I didn’t let myself be abused, as you were. I wouldn’t do differently, even if I could.”
“Please. Just let me say it.” He whispers this, fierce, his eyes closed. “In my dream, you told me that you loved me, that you’d always… and I knew then that I loved you, too, that if I came back I would say that to you. This is what I need to say. I love you, John.” He speaks softly, the words spilling over one another as if he’s afraid he won’t get them out in time.
I realise that this may not be the protocol you are used to, your Majesty, but you are in my home, not your own. You came to me, and I would not be much of a detective if I could not keep a confidence.”
She hands him a mug and they sit at the table. Sherlock stirs sugar into his, staring idly at nothing.
He looked at me in surprise, and then smiled. “You are like a gift to me, Will. How can I ever be sad when I have your love?”
After a moment so silent that you could literally hear a pin drop, the auditorium erupted. Fans stood, screamed, wept, embraced one another, and exploded with elation.
He studies Lestrade for a moment. “What’s new about this one? You wouldn’t have come to me if there wasn’t something different.”
look she reserves for Sherlock alone. It’s sympathetic, but takes no prisoners. “You told him to leave, didn’t you? You deduced all kinds of imaginary things, spouted them off at him, and pushed him out the door. Hm? Is that what happened?”
Maybe he had not been successful in his venture, or lacked immediate access to his funds. Perhaps he’d had legal trouble.
Sherlock plastered on his best sociopath smile while the stylist fussed with his curls. “I’m so happy to see you, Greg. Sooo happy to be here today.” The smile vanished and he turned to the stylist, frowning. “Go away.”
“And yet you are playing the part of judge today, bringing a terrible sentence on a person who has done no wrong.”
I take her hands in mine. “Mrs Hudson, I’m sorry. I haven’t been the easiest person to live with these last two years, and you’ve been kind to me. I wish you knew how much that means to me.”
Holmes stares at him for a moment, an incomprehensible look on his face. “Watson,” he finally says. “You think I have a… girlfriend? It’s obvious that you’re an idiot, but I hadn’t realised just how… impervious your brain is. Nothing gets in, not even the most blinding truths.“ He gives a derisive snort. “Seriously, can you really
When we received the engraved invitation, however, he did actually plead with me very sweetly, asking that we might go. Attending without me was out of the question. Though I hate to watch him flirt with women and chat up good-looking men, I would rather be there, watching his flirtations than at home worrying about them. I trust him completely, but he is sometimes naive, and might let things get out of hand, so to speak.
I saw hands on the window sill, the top of a bowler hat appearing. Watson swung a leg over the sill. “No one in the kitchen,” he said. Looking around the room, he frowned. “They’ve bolted?”
“I admit, I wasn’t too chuffed to be found out,” John added. “I’d been hiding so long, it felt like an invasion. Actually, I hit him with a cricket bat.”
This didn’t mean that he was as poor as the place looked. Parsimony seemed to be an ingrained trait in some people, learned from their parents. John’s family had come from Northumberland; Sherlock had heard it in his accent when they first met. By then John had already learned to sound like whatever a role demanded, but his mother had a working-class accent she tried hard to disguise. It was clear that the family depended on John’s income.
I saw him then. He stood shimmering in the green shade of the remaining trees, hovering over his bones. I remembered how he had led me here and I had seen the curved spine, the splayed limb bones, the small skull.
“No, she’s not.” He sits back, arms folded, frowning thoughtfully. “She’s no idiot. But I don’t believe she’s who she pretends to be, now that I think about it. Lots of tells, not the usual ones. She didn’t seem at all nervous or worried, which would have been expected while her boyfriend was having a meltdown. She looked me straight in the eye after he walked off, smiled and said,
“Bed?” He says this in a way that implies that neither of them are sleepy, but there are other things they could get up to in bed.
which at least required some deductive reasoning, and John agreed. But Sherlock was very good at this game, having deduced nearly everything about John in the first days of their acquaintance. Without asking any question, he deduced that John would choose
“Yes.” He looks around, frowning. “Didn’t want… all that. People, looking at me.” The way he’s speaking is in short bursts, staccato, as if he’s forgotten how to have a conversation. This must feel very strange to him, sitting in a restaurant, making small talk.
And when he’s seen everything, he’ll come back here and sit on the beach. He’ll tell Watson all the interesting things he’s seen. He’ll tell him about the people, their lives and their deaths. That will be a long story to tell.
It was better to hide, he always thought. Why draw attention to something that’s going to make everything more difficult? He remembers a teacher in the Catholic school he attended who lost his job when it was discovered that he was living openly with another man. No accusations of improper interaction with students, just an assumption that a gay man, by his very existence, is a threat to children. John remembers thinking,
“I’m afraid it’s worse than that,” Holmes replies. He’s smiling his stupid posh smile. “I am, in fact, real. Talking yourself out of it won’t banish me. Come on.” He grabs Watson under the arms and lifts him to his feet. Once they’ve stopped swaying, he puts Watson’s hand on the railing and moves him towards the last flight of stairs. “Lift your foot. That’s it. And warn me if you’re going to be sick. I just had my coat cleaned and am not keen on paying for that again. Rotting fish last time— funny story, but not when you’re possibly about to cover me in sick. So, just a word. Or a tap. You can just tap my arm if you’re going to lose it. I will step aside and let you rid yourself of the poison you have imbibed.”
“The method of Loci,” Philip was saying. “Of course I have read of it. Cicero describes it primarily with reference to oratory, naturally. But for you it is more than a rhetorical tool, is it not?”
Edwin was living at home, supposedly managing the glassworks, but in fact mostly drinking, spending what his father had left him, and insulting his mother. I saw him only briefly while I was there, and thought that best, as I had nothing to say to him.
“You’re new to this, aren’t you?” Smiling, he sits in the chair closest to Watson, crossing one long leg over the other.
He’s not that man now. He’s alive because Sherlock brought him back to life. Somehow, though, they both let things fall apart. He will take his share of the blame for that failure. He should have fought to keep Sherlock, and he just watched it happen. Is it too late? No. It may be a lost cause, but it’s worth the trouble of stepping up.
The plot was silly, and his acting was wooden, but they said he was perfect and hired him on the spot. He’d be playing an alien newly arrived on Earth, befriended by an average boy who takes him home to his grandmother, introducing him as an exchange student.
After a long moment of silence, she says, “It’s okay, John. Whatever your reasons. But I’d like you to ask yourself a question. You don’t have to answer now, but try to be honest with yourself. Is it because she’s a woman?”
It’s weird. I sometimes pretend that you’re off somewhere chasing down a suspect. As usual, you’ve run off without telling me anything, but any moment you’ll text me:
Mycroft smirked. “Why? You would not have been able to dissuade him. We had a lengthy conversation. He was completely intractable about this hare-brained scheme. Perhaps he learned his stubbornness in the years he's spent dealing with yours.”
I tried not to think about it, but it was impossible. Mycroft was able to confirm (after much begging on my part) that Watson was on the ship and was expected to dock in Southhampton on the planned date. He’d warned me that Watson might be angry when he found out that I’d lied to him, but did not ask me how I intended to make amends. I would not have had an answer.
The series was a huge hit among pre-teens. When it ended four years later, all the main actors too old to play kids any longer, it was still one of the most popular shows in its time slot. While he was glad that the producers hadn’t dragged them through more episodes as they outgrew the scenario, he hadn’t any idea what to do next. At his brother’s suggestion, he’d gone to Cambridge with the goal of getting a degree. He’d made a mess of that, unfortunately, and found himself once more the focus of media attention as his drug habit became public. Just one more child actor ruined by success.
“Maybe it isn’t because he’s a man. I don’t know. He’s gay, but he’s never done relationships before. We met on a blind date.” He’s aware of how this sounds, but Ella doesn’t even hum. “Maybe it’s just relationships in general that I haven’t figured out.”
“It would,” Sherlock agreed. “A sure way to end the run of a popular series is to resolve sexual attention. Either that, or a pregnancy.”
In the morning we had a lie-in, or would have done, had my phone not rung. When I saw that it was Mycroft, I silenced it and went back to fondling my fiancé.
“I wasn’t sure. I dreamed of you, too. I thought it was wishful thinking. But when I remembered that day… there were things that occurred to me. I saw inconsistencies.”
pictures.” Anderson looked down again, speaking softly. “Look, if you’d rather not… I know what you’re like, though. You’ve been obsessed since Molly sprung it on us, and it’s easy to see that this is tearing you apart. What I can tell you is not comforting, but if it were me, I’d want to know.”
Occasionally a new one will knock on our door, and we think it’s going to be a case until I observe a Watson nose, or a pair of deep blue eyes, or that inexpressibly dogged stubbornness that says it’s a Rosamund Watson. There’s always something.
He shook his head. “It was a scam. All the money I’d sunk into it was lost, and I was forced to become a mercenary. I hired out to a gold mine, which is where I met Zion, doing the same work. He had lost his brother, and I had lost you, so we shared our misery. As it happened, we saved the life of Smith, one of the owners, and he gave me some shares in the mine. Thinking it unfair not to reward Zion as well, I shared what I had with him. We were equal partners. At the discovery of a new vein of gold, the value of our shares rose. When it happened we celebrated our fortune, but that same fortune was the beginning of our troubles.”
Squeezing my hand, he gave me a small frown. “You need an education if you hope to be independent of your relatives. You told me that you despise them too, even though they supported you.”
He sees a tiny smile quirking the corners of Holmes’s mouth. “And you immediately succumbed to his dangerous magnetism.”
He looks around the pub, sipping his scotch. How do you meet people when you never go anywhere? The people in his block are like him, out in the morning, back in the evening, returning to their little cells in the hive. The only other people he sees are his therapists, the guy who works at the cafe, and the same group of commuters staring at their phones while he waits for the bus.
“But I don’t,” he said. “I am stuck here, never passing on. It’s like waiting for something that never comes, something that every human understands but me. The next time I come to this place, there will be new monks, ones who haven’t yet been born. Everyone I know will die. You will die. But I will be the same.”
The man didn’t die. The bleeding stopped and he went into a deep sleep. If Holmes hadn’t been able to see the heart inside the broken rib cage, he would have believed the man was dead. But every few minutes the heart pumped. And the man’s face, though pale, never took on the cast of death.
“In this case, I do not. But I will trust you to lay aside your assumptions and give a fair assessment.”
“Because you’re trying to reconcile with your wife,” Sherlock says. “The very thing John’s trying to do. I’m not going to let him play at being gay with me while he’s negotiating a return to his wife.”
“Our mother does not believe me capable of finding a woman who will marry me. In any case, that is not the end I was implying. How long do you think that you and Watson can carry on sharing bachelor quarters without raising suspicions? People talk, Sherlock.”
Gregson and Lestrade exchanged looks. “They both mention the veiled woman,” Lestrade said. “And he was dressed as if he expected to meet someone. Nothing on his calendar, though.”
They eat and drink in silence for a while, waiting for the police to finish briefing Huxtable. A number of phone calls will be made this afternoon, Watson predicts, to trustees and parents.
, was all she would say. I later learned that he had challenged a man to a duel and had been shot dead, being too drunk to aim properly.
I meant to make a disparaging remark about healthy habits, but that would only have led to a lecture. “You’ve brought a letter up. Who’s it from?”
I’ve always had passions— science, music, crime-solving— and I thought they were enough. You are the essential element I never knew I was missing. I want all those things—
“Yeah, it was sort of a shock to see you. I was afraid you’d recognise me and I wasn’t ready for that.”
Even so, John set out to find a gift for his flatmate, now lover. Something small, not overwhelming; meaningful, but not so expensive or weighty that Sherlock would feel guilty that he hadn’t gotten anything for John. A token of affection. They were not a demonstrative couple, confining physical displays of affection to the bedroom; outside of that, they showed their love in small touches and the way they treated each other.
Maybe there shouldn’t be a winner or a loser here, he thought, but his innate honesty kept him from apologising for his criticism. As an actor, he could feign any emotion, but when it came to the art, he could not pretend that the script was fine.
that day, that first class. The uniform ought to have made him look like any other boy. What was it, then? Something in the way he combed his hair, perhaps. Maybe his tie wasn’t quite right. Walking into that room, he could smell his own sweat. He took the only empty seat, right next to a boy with dark, curly hair. Training his eyes on his notebook, he heard snickering and whispers.
He does it, god knows why. Maybe it’s the piña coladas talking. He lets go and releases his inner Brian May. Queen’s lead guitar wasn’t one to jump around, tossing his head and swinging his hips, but the whole point of air guitar is to do impossible things. John closes his eyes, bringing his invisible instrument up and down, ending up on his knees for the final chord of the solo.
beyond the next series. They believe this reunion episode will boost your ratings. They’re even considering a raise for each of you, if you sign now for two more years. Don’t make a face, Sherlock. Steady work is nice to have. And a popular series can lead to film offers— at least it can for actors who don’t shoot themselves in the foot by being rude arseholes.”
“Why me?” Whatever was in the syringe is starting to make the room spin. Not like scotch. Something else. “I don’t even know you.”
“This is a matter of great delicacy.” Von Kramm frowned, his eyes still on Watson, who did not seem at all cowed by him, but remained standing, almost defiantly courteous.
Sherlock looked for a clue in those dark eyes, but couldn’t be sure. The audience was quieting down again, waiting to hear what he would say. They were entirely off script, and he had no idea what should come next, whether this was Alex and Jason talking, or Sherlock and John.
“Obviously. It’s part of the ruse. She will not hesitate to admit a harmless clergyman who’s been assaulted. Now, strike me!”
“A therapist might help him do that,” Watson suggests. “Not forget, maybe, but find a way to deal with it.”
There are two pills in the bottle. I swallow one down with a glass of water. When I come out of the loo, I look at Sherlock’s door. I haven’t been inside his room since that night. Mrs Hudson’s been in there and has tidied up the mess, I think. The next step is putting it all in boxes, but neither of us can think of that yet. It’s been months now. Sherlock’s smell will be gone from the bedding. I could sleep there.
At the Priory School he quickly became an object of disdain. His plebeian accent singled him out, and even in uniform, something told them that he wasn’t like them. He played rugby, had some camaraderie with his teammates, but there was a group of boys who apparently had little to do outside of torment him. There was no one to complain to; the teachers seemed to accept this pecking order as a normal part of society, something boys should experience in order to toughen themselves up for the real world. And he didn’t need to be told that complaining was a sure way to double the abuse.
He was so nervous coming here that he didn’t even check the prices on the menu. Maybe there weren’t prices. It’s
John waits, listening to Mary’s phone ring. When he hears her pick up, he doesn’t waste time on greetings. “What happened?”
But this is still your home, and I imagine you sitting in that chair now, regarding me. I’m holding the bottle Stamford gave me. Small, brown pills.
His eyes huge, Watson ran to the window. “There he goes, Holmes— without his hat! I suppose we might have it sent round to his home.”
Within a week, I’d developed a small crush on his body — his tight arse and his impressive scar. Other than sometimes coming down to breakfast in nothing but a loosely-tied dressing gown over his pants and a vest, which was rather distracting, he was quiet, considerate, and extremely tolerant of what Mrs Hudson calls my
Once inside flat number seven, he looked around, imagining he was Baz Culpeper, who only had to look at a person to know everything about them. Having played the character for four years, he understood what you could learn from a person’s living space and possessions. He remembered a scene early in the first series where Baz used a pocket watch to completely lay bare someone who challenged him. It wasn’t quite as magical as Baz always made it seem, but noticing details and thinking about what they meant was just brainwork. Most people simply didn’t bother, so it wasn’t hard to make it look amazing.
“I want you to think about what we’ve talked about today, maybe write about it. I can see that you’re not enjoying the blog, so maybe you could just find a notebook and write down your thoughts. Nobody needs to see them.”
He has a psychosomatic limp and a real wound he hides under a checked shirt and a dark jacket. He stands military straight, forgetting about his leg pain when he’s not walking.
“Not the same,” Sherlock replied. “Has anyone ever asked you if you’d mind playing a straight character?”
“They don’t think you’re an arsehole, Sherlock. All the things you said about the script were true. Molly is just a bit of a special snowflake who can’t handle criticism. She’s learning, though, you know. I’ve almost talked her out of the twins. Don’t worry— don’t even think about it. That’s my job. I promised you a better script, and it will happen. Do remember, though, that there is not a high standard for this sort of television. People aren’t expecting—“
, the writers had told him, in contrast with Lestrade’s character, a classic extrovert. They assumed that introverts could not also be arseholes. When he gave his role that edge, as well as a kind of genuine bewilderment that everyone didn’t see things as he did, his audience was enthralled. With Sherlock’s snarky but clueless Baz playing off Lestrade’s genial but grouchy Hawke, the show went to the top of the charts right away.
I waved my hand dismissively. “Scotland Yard may not be his match, but I am. He does not know where I am, and will not find me. But you must go. Take my notes to Mycroft. When he has finished with them, I’d like you to write up my last two cases.”
“I trust you completely,” I said. “Which is why I am relying on you to open both the door and the safe. My part will be to learn the layout of the house and to steal the items.”
In this, he and Sherlock are similar, but for different reasons. John has never formed any lasting friendships because he always had a wife and child to put first. Sherlock doesn’t have friends because he puts up walls against people like Sally Donovan. He’s been doing this a long time, John senses. He is honoured that those walls have come down, even a little, for him. He feels his own defences coming down as well.
But love, hypothetical or not, isn’t something you can count on, in Sherlock’s experience. He has observed this many times. People change their minds. They meet other people and their feelings change. They leave.
“No, but I wanted to visit so we’re not strangers.” She sounded very grown-up, I thought. “You can take me and Ariel shopping some time, now that I know you.” She pointed at me. “Your boyfriend can come, too.”
Sherlock says nothing. He’s barely been off the sofa all day, and doesn’t budge over to make room for John.
The heavy-footed man who climbed the stairs and entered our rooms was about the size and shape of Mr Hosmer Angel, as Miss Sutherland had described him, but in every trivial respect entirely different. He was clean-shaven, wore no tinted spectacles, and had a decisive manner that was evident from the moment he removed his shiny top-hat, set it on the sideboard, and made a stiff bow.
“Of course you don’t.” Holmes rubs his eyes wearily. It’s day now, judging from the light coming in the window. Watson wonders if he’s been up all night. “You probably had a dozen inane conversations, shouting over the noise and the awful music. Would that you could remember some of the faces of people you talked to! Especially the one who brought you a drink. Think, Watson. Was he someone you knew, or someone you just met? He handed you a drink, a whiskey sour. Think about his face.”
Most of the men in the room have felt more comfortable along the straight end of that continuum, he assumes, but perhaps their reasons, like John’s, have been more about fitting in, not wanting to deal with other people’s judgment. After talking with Jay, he realises that’s how he has lived his life, trying to be what his parents wanted, trying to be what Mary seemed to want. Trying to be a doctor, and a soldier, a father and a husband. He doesn’t feel like a different person now; he just feels different about himself, more accepting of things he tried to repress.
He thinks about this, imagining Sherlock next to him on this sofa, annoyed at listening to a shrink. He doesn’t seem like the kind of person who would enjoy talking about his feelings with a stranger, even one with a degree in psychology. Especially that.
He doesn’t need to be more specific. I think of it every time we come through the door. “I remember. Our first kiss.”
“The sign of four,” he says. “A group of four people, each of them swearing to murder someone. It’s a game. He’s failed with you, while the others succeeded. He’s got to try again. They’re expecting him to do it.”
“Oh. Oh! I… I’m sorry. Truly sorry. I imagine that I am partly responsible… I mean, ruining your proposal. She must have—“
Refusal to answer his calls did not prove a successful deterrent to my brother, however. Within the hour, we heard someone in the kitchen, putting on the kettle. Then there were voices, one obviously Mycroft, the others (two? three?) were light and feminine.
The detective series had run four years now, more than he had expected, but was showing signs of winding down. One more year, perhaps. It was at least intelligently written, his character dynamic, and the writers open to his ideas. He’d hoped it would lead to some film offers, the kind that would increase his visibility, which would lead to not having to consider more roles like this one. Mike had told him that several other actors were being considered, and he’d be lucky to get it.
“I am sorry,” she said. “I do not know you well, but I am certain that I cannot make you happy. Nor can you make me happy. Let us part as friends.”
They played the scene from there, mostly as written. In a brief conversation, Alex relates that an evil alien has come to the planet and replicated Jason’s appearance in order to find Alex. Meanwhile, the real Jason was being held captive somewhere.
He runs after Sherlock as if his life depends on it, which it may well do. John has not felt this alive in years. Even the chaos of Afghanistan didn’t fill him with this kind of joy. That’s what it is, he realises.
John grabs the cheese and flatbread and another bottle of the wine, and moves the feast into the sitting room. Sherlock follows with the grapes and a packet of biscuits. John lights a candle and they sit on the floor, like a picnic.
He smiles back. “I realise that. It’s just… I don’t need your pity. Anyone’s pity. So why am I here?”
“I need a flatmate. The landlady’s giving me a deal, so the rent won’t be much if we split it. Unless you’d like to go on living in that one-room purgatory.”
*John Addington Symonds, author of A Problem in Greek Ethics, 1893, 'a work of what would later be called "gay history". He was inspired by the poetry of Walt Whitman, with whom he corresponded. The work, "perhaps the most exhaustive eulogy of Greek love," remained unpublished for a decade, and then was printed at first only in a limited edition for private distribution.' (Wikipedia)
“Molly, I didn’t mean—“ he sighs. “Don’t you see? I deduce things, and say them aloud, never thinking of how people might hear them. I drive people away.”
“I don’t. All the young ladies I know are introduced to me by you. You do have quite a number of lady clients.”
“One moment, please.” In less than ten seconds, another voice spoke. “This is Mary Morstan. How can I help you?”
“Sherlock, it was obvious that boy adored you. And you— well, you were a very good actor, even then. You grew up together. It’s natural that you were affected today. And we all know you, so we understand that when you lose your temper, it’s because you’re upset. I wasn’t able to be at Molly’s party, but I heard that you left in quite a mood that night.”
“You’ve never worked with Magnussen. I have. I had a minor part in that Jack the Ripper series he did. He’s a bastard.”
I gave her my best smile, the one I always use when convincing a woman to share information with me. She was no Irene Adler, but she would do. She was intelligent enough not to challenge my proclivities, once she figured them out, and, after producing the desired heir, would no doubt leave me to my cases, my experiments, and my Watson.
There really wasn’t any way to deal with John’s absence other than to face it head-on, Sherlock decided. He wondered how fans would feel about the part of Jason Bradford being played by an actor as dreadful as Rich Brook, aka James Moriarty.
“They were medical people, hospital personnel. They certainly knew not to move an injured person. They would have checked for a pulse first, felt his neck or his wrist. They would not have moved him without stabilising his head and neck.”
They were called onto the set and positioned in chairs. Mary Morstan, a petite bottle-blonde with an excess of energy and an annoying laugh, came out and introduced herself.
Lestrade pulls up a chair and takes a seat between them. He cocks his head at Watson. “You don’t remember what happened?”
has been spray-painted somewhere near each victim’s body.” He cocks his head, a slight smile curving his lips. “As it happens, he’d already painted it on the wall in the alley where he planned to kill you. That’s how we know you were going to be his next victim. Interesting, that. Why would he leave his sign when he obviously hadn’t done the deed? It tells us something. He’s confident of success, and wants to taunt us.”
“Sherlock Holmes. I’d heard of him, of course. Everybody has. He asked us a lot of questions while the EMTs were taking care of you.”
He’s crossing Russell Square one day, thinking about his worthless life (so worthless, he can’t think of a single thing to say about it in the blog his therapist insisted that he start), when he hears a voice. Not a familiar voice, but a persistent one.
“Yes, sir.” He glanced back at me as I followed him at a more leisurely pace. “I want you to meet Mr Holmes.”
“While they were beating you, you just happened to notice footprints?” My astonishment must have been apparent, for he smiled at me with some pride.
It was shortly after that evening when I received a letter from a client asking me to come out to his house in Leicester. The mystery was not very interesting; as my fame had increased, I noticed that upwardly mobile people liked to claim an acquaintance with me. The theft of an object from his house was something the police could easily investigate, but he claimed that there was some need for secrecy and he preferred to pay whatever fee I might ask.
The food arrives, and for several minutes they are tasting and checking to see that their food is properly done. The waiter refills their glasses and asks if they’d like a second bottle.
This time, instead of just reading the lines, they took imaginary marks and played it out. Sherlock stood at the door, saying nothing. He took a step into the room, waited with his hands behind his back. Lestrade turned, noticed him, and gave a laugh.
He opens his bedside drawer and find the lube he stashed there, anoints his fingers. John watches, his pupils dark in the dim light.
“I’m not a little kid,” she replied haughtily. “I’m almost fourteen. And I don’t care if you’re kissing and doing other gay stuff.”
He’d grieved, thinking that the boy he’d loved was dead. He’d seen the death certificate, read a translation of the police report. He hadn’t seen the photos of the body, but the description in the report told him that he wouldn’t have learned much from them. Still, he’d lived with a mental image of John dead, his body hanging in a lonely place for weeks until he was discovered. Those pictures, even unseen, had sent him back to drugs.
Ignoring the hand, Sherlock turned to Molly. “How is the final scene going to work in a live performance? Do you have another doppelgänger hiding in the wings?”
We did not talk about his daughter. I knew it would not be the last we heard from her, but I wasn’t worried.
He gave me a cunning look. “As I recall, Troy eventually fell, thanks to a wooden horse stuffed with Greek soldiers.”
The director told Sherlock that Alex should be sad, maybe even cry a little, and he’d remembered how John sometimes looked sad when he thought no one was watching. It made Sherlock feel sad, truly sad, that John had a horrible mother who bullied him and a jealous sister who hated him. A tear came to his eye.
As he explained how he found the hidden compartment where the missing document was concealed, John’s irritation disappeared; he was amazed.
I poured more wine in his glass and put another slice of roast beef on his plate. “To avoid exposing you to unnecessary risks. Moriarty would have killed you on sight. I could not let that happen. I was his target, and it would have made no sense for you to lose your life just for getting in the way. At any rate, there’s no point in discussing what might have happened if we’d done something differently. We can draw no useful conclusions from that line of thought.”
“Saying it doesn’t make it so,” replies Holmes. “If it could, I would be rid of mine by now. Annoying git.”
All of this explains why he lets Stamford buy him a cup of coffee, and why he sits down on the bench next to him and unloads a small part of his trouble. Everyone understands money trouble, and it usually has the effect of distancing people from him. Maybe Mike will leave if he asks him for a loan, and then this awkward conversation can be over.
you would have said. Maybe you would have gotten up and walked out of the church. And I would have grabbed your arm, urged you to stay.
, and the assumption is that anyone can play normal. Playing a gay person is assumed to be out of most actor’s depths, or comfort level. There’s a stigma, as well, in playing a gay character. You just can’t see it with your straight goggles on.”
When they arrive at the Priory School, dinner has just ended. Since they’ve already eaten, they look for the headmaster. Mycroft has made Dr Huxtable aware of their alleged purpose, to interview students for an anniversary book, and Sherlock agrees that they can’t confide in anyone, since they don’t know who is involved in whatever’s happening.
“I hate shopping.” The fact that I was holding the Tesco bags sort of made me look like a hypocrite. “What would this
Anderson licked his lips nervously. “This reunion— the whole thing is weird. I really didn’t need to revisit my past in quite this way.”
Lestrade shrugged. “We all know there are plenty of gay actors, maybe proportionately more than you’d find in the general population. I also know many of them are hesitant to come out. You seem comfortable with being gay and don’t give a fuck what anybody thinks about you. I’m just curious: why haven’t you come out?”
Watson closes his eyes and leans back. For a while, Holmes thinks he’s fallen asleep, but then he speaks. “Haven’t you ever… simply been tired, Holmes? The wars, the politics, the unending conflict—“
We were shown into the sitting room, where my mother was enthroned in her chair, talking to my brother. Dressed all in black silk, her iron-grey hair was pulled into a rather severe chignon, her face surrounded by pressed ringlets, the fashion of another age. She frowned as I entered, followed by Watson.
through the window.” I handed Watson what looked like a cigar-sized missile. “It’s a plumber’s smoke-rocket. When you throw it, you must raise a cry of
Mary has been writing as long as he’s known her. They’d met in an English Lit class that John was taking to fulfil a requirement. He’d been impressed by the girl sitting next to him, who seemed to have read every book on the syllabus twice. Her remarks in class were always insightful, and she and the professor had some vigorous discussions. John liked to read, but most of what he enjoyed would be considered common. He liked spies and adventure, thrillers. He read John Clancy, Robert Ludlum, Ken Follett. And he watched the movies— James Bond, Jason Bourne, and Jack Ryan.
John stood at the door, looking confused, but not full of rage. He had by now, I assumed, understood the consequences of fertility.
But he smiled at me as I prodded him, and I slowed my pace to accommodate his limp. When we reached Hyde Park, I managed to hail us a cab.
She lies awake, wondering why love has to be so hard. Two people who feel that way about each other— it ought to be easy. But it never is, and that’s what puzzles her.
"Let me finish. It's something I understand about myself now. I love you, and that means I will accept whatever you can give. And if I become too much of a burden at some point--"
“There was a confrontation,” Gregson said. “Milverton surprised the burglar, drew his gun. The burglar shot and killed him. As Milverton fell, his gun fired, but the shot went wild.”
Sherlock presses his lips into John’s hair and sighs. “We rarely see the significance of the things that happen to us. We expect the universe to give us meaning, when actually it’s up to us to find what it means. What happened that day at Barts, the two of us meeting after so many years, was a synchronicity we both could have walked away from.”
“Well, that’s very specific,” Sherlock replies, turning onto his side so he doesn’t have to look at John.
As they said their vows, both of them tearing up, John realised that his own tears were real. He was so happy to be marrying Sherlock. And then he was sad because it wasn’t real; Sherlock would no doubt have divorce papers waiting for them to sign when they returned from the sex holiday. This made him cry so hard that he could barely say the vows he had written. Sherlock’s vows were beautiful, of course; he’d written them in the form of a sonnet.
“I’m fine. Just wishing to have this reunion over with. I’m not sure how doing it live is going to work. We’ve all done theater, but this is different. I’m just thinking of how many ways this can spell disaster.”
seems to be ambushing his victims. He’s tall and has a deep voice. He assumes people will agree with him, do what he says, and they generally do.
Eventually the noise died down into tense anticipation, fans perched on the edges of their seats, waiting to see what would happen next.
we would need two bedrooms, but we didn’t know one another well at that point. He might have been waiting to see if any people showed up at the flat to have sex with me before assuming I was available and interested.
He took it readily, savoured it for a while, his tongue darting out to catch the honey on his lips. “I’ve never tasted anything so… enigmatic.” He sat back, and I put his teacup into his hands.
“The other day, when you set Molly straight about her script. I know she didn’t take it well, but it really was necessary. I can’t think what they had in mind, offering to produce this fiasco.”
“If I am as clever as you suggest, I would have disposed of them. Now, allow me to at least see Dr Watson, to make sure that you haven’t been mistreating him.”
“You’ll grow up to be whatever you decide to be.” His smile broadened, showing his missing teeth. “You’ll help many people; it’s what you’re meant to do. You’ll be brilliant, amazing.”
For a moment, they hold their hands together in a wordless exchange. Then Mycroft walks away, blending into the crowd.
Surprisingly, Sherlock makes tea, which must mean that this is an occasion, in spite of the lack of biscuits. John has never seen him voluntarily boil water. They sit in the two chairs, Sherlock in his large, angular chair, and John in the squashy red one—
“Of course it was, love. You lost a dear friend, and today you realised how much you miss him. We all did, but you especially.”
Watson chuckled. “I will be sure to do so.” He stood at the bay window, looking at the street. “And here is a lady now, clearly in need of some assistance. What do you think, Holmes?”
He blinked the tears out of his eyes and noticed that they were nearly home. The cabbie was slowing down, looking for a place to pull over.
He remembers being in a bar, drinking with some people. Going home sounded like a good idea. But that wasn’t what he was doing. It was hot, loud, and close in the bar. Suffocating. Too much to drink. Needed some air.
Standing before the mirror, Sherlock studies his reflection with a critical eye, imagining a stranger seeing him for the first time. A bit alarming, he decides. His features ought to add up to something pleasing, but they don’t. In his judgment, his face is too long; his eyes, too pale; his cheekbones, too sharp. All a bit too symmetrical, not enough to make him look alien, but just enough to put him in the uncanny valley. He has that affect on people— making them uneasy, as if he might be something other than human.
For a moment John stands holding the cane, looking at it as if it were some alien artefact. For months his leg has made it impossible to do more than painfully limp. His therapist has suggested that being shot in the shoulder, losing his ability to do surgery, has translated into a kind of body dysmorphia. He knows that she’s simply baffled. Therapy hasn’t helped, and all she can suggest is more therapy.
Feeling Sherlock’s eyes on him, he unbuttons his shirt and lets it fall from his shoulders. Once he’s pulled his vest over his head, he stands bare from the waist up. Their eyes meet.
There is a hand in his hair. It’s gentle. Small, like a surgeon’s hand. And it’s carding through his curls. He opens his eyes. The hand gives his curls a final comb and then is gone.
Her gloved hand touched his arm. She smiled, lowering her lashes. “Thank you. Your service to me is of inestimable worth.”
He dresses and cautiously comes down the stairs, listening. A male voice, very calm, is responding to Holmes’s angry tirade.
might climb,” he said, giving me a level look. “I’ve heard you are a master of Baritsu or some such thing. And you used to box at Cambridge. So you have said, though I see no evidence of athletic prowess in those skinny arms and legs. Perhaps you exaggerated.”
Well, most couples have problems occasionally. There were times with Mary when he came too quickly, and she wasn’t interested after that. She was tired, and just wanted to sleep. Sometimes he thought that she was just letting him get off on her so he wouldn’t bug her or look elsewhere.
“The account is quite convincing, I assure you, and very detailed. Dr Watson was a favourite on Cleveland Street, in an establishment whose clients have provided me with a steady income. The employees are quite eager to talk; they have been a good investment for my business. Right now, however, you may need to consider your own reputation, Mr Holmes, and that of Dr Watson.”
This was Alex’s line; he was supposed to have said it to Holly just before he told her he loved her. Instead, John was saying it to him.
Mycroft nods. Sighing, he looks towards the door. “He has changed, you know, since you first met. That was a rough time for him.” His eyes travel back to Watson. “I suppose it was for us all.” He stands, takes his umbrella in hand. “You know how to reach me.”
I took the hand. It was smooth and cool. He gave me a small smile. “When I last was here, you had just been born. William Sherlock Scott Holmes. Quite a lot of names for such a small thing, I thought. I see that you are growing into them, however.”
“You have not broken my heart, Miss Ashton-Farbridge.” I said this with more irritation than I had intended. “My mother is a formidable woman, as you have seen. I try to please her when I can.” I helped her down from the cab. “For what it is worth, I do not think I would not have been a terrible husband.”
A weighty silence, and a put-upon sigh. “I suppose you might call it an apology. Though I do not truly regret what I did.”
I took a workman’s shovel and began digging. Six feet down, I struck wood. It was a cheap coffin, mostly rotted. Breaking through the wood, I found a child’s bones. Poor little things they were, evidence of the growth potential he might have had. I wondered what kind of man he would have been. Not tall, I guessed. A man who worked with his hands and would have died young in any case, as many poor men do. But he might have married and had children. He would have had friends. His life would not have been solitary, like mine. I don’t know how I knew this.
The place begins to fill up; the music is louder. Christopher and Matt get up to dance. More people have joined their group, and he’s not sure who all of them are. Daniel is dancing with someone, and Sam— he doesn’t see Sam. But he’s relaxed, having a good time. He can leave when he feels ready to go. Not yet, though. Watching the crowd, observing interactions, he finishes off his drink and thinks about another.
I made an impatient gesture. “It’s only money. Take whatever you like. I can live on tea and toast, as long as I have an occasional cigar.”
He raises his head, looking at me with astonishment. Then a brief, sudden burst of laughter. “Welcome to my world.”
When he wakes up in a drug den, John is there, talking to someone, and for a moment it feels as if John, his own knight errant, has come to save him from himself. He’s a doctor; he’ll take care of him.
Those aren’t words of love, my boy. The business of her late father is failing. Mr Ruggles will use her annual income to pull it back from the brink of insolvency.”
Watson puffed on his pipe for a moment. “My dear man, even after knowing you for so many years, your ability to tell a boldfaced lie still astonishes me. Why did you tell young Hopkins all that balderdash?”
John must be regretting that it ever happened. He’s a proud man, a soldier and a doctor. Sherlock recognises that he has a bit of a military kink, but there is more about the man that intrigues him.
“She’s a teenaged girl who has just found a tool with which to bludgeon her mother. Of course she’ll want to stay in touch.”
Mr and Mrs Chadwick were nothing remarkable. He owned a hosiery factory which his father had built up some forty years earlier, buying looms that could produce multiple stockings instead of just one, and expanding his market. No doubt the elder Chadwick had been a shrewd businessman, and his son, the present owner of the business, seemed to be doing well.
“It does,” he says. “I’m about to call my fiancee and break our engagement just days before the wedding because I’m in love with my best friend. So please, answer the question.”
That was how it began. He had expected to be an object of interest, was prepared to endure some teasing. What he hadn’t expected was Sherlock Holmes.
“Perhaps.” I shrugged. “It will be a long engagement, I predict. Regardless of what my mother says, I will find ways to postpone it.”
“Yeah, well. I think I’m bi-sexual.” He laughs, uncomfortable. “I mean, I must be if I was married, and now I’m with a man. I’ve never done this before, and, erm, I’m having issues.”
Her silence tells him he’s made a blunder. Of course. Molly was in love with him, though she seems mostly over that now.
I have no idea what time it is, but my heart is pounding and I’m on the phone, calling Mycroft’s number.
He blinks, then turns to Molly. As he does, the full weight of what he’s done crashes on him like a load of bricks.
“What are you talking about, Anderson? Do get to the point.” For a moment he wondered if Anderson knew John was alive, that he’d figured it out before Sherlock had even thought about the possibility. He frowned a bit, studying the man’s face. No, he didn’t know. This was something else.
By the time he’d entered school, Dad had lost his job and they had to move into a tiny house with a patch of dirt where the garden ought to be. Stuff was hit by a car. His mother had an affair with his father’s cousin and left. Dad did nothing but sit home, drink, and yell at John.
blood). It should have been Sherlock’s blood (Sherlock, who carried in his brain a map of London with every back alley and side street). He took the side street, motioning for John to take the alley, thinking that they would reunite on the next street over and corner the suspect. If they’d done that, Sherlock could have taken a pipe to the side of his head, a knife to his belly. And he would have been okay with that, if John were unhurt.
Sherlock opens his wallet, pulls a folded piece of paper from it and hands it to him. “I know you don’t like people knowing your middle name, but
John's gaze shifted from her to Sherlock, who was hanging up his coat and scarf, oblivious to what Mrs Hudson was implying.
“I am telling you because you have a mind that seeks answers. Just as I did, you will try to find this murder and solve it. The idea of it will haunt you, as it haunted me. Is there a perfect murder? Is there a way to snatch a soul while life goes on around the deed, oblivious? My own death, which will happen eventually, will be so much more gratifying, knowing that another carries on after I am gone. This is my legacy to you.”
“Child pornography,” I said. “Extremely profitable business. Didn’t your mother ever warn you about strangers?”
In a way, he’s relieved. He’s thought a lot about death, and his only regret is that he won’t be able to ensure that John lives happily ever after. He’s given more than he thought he had to see him married, to make sure their child has two parents.
It’s more painful than missing John for two years. He was never jealous of Mary— it’s not that way for Sherlock. John wanted Mary. Sherlock just wanted John, whatever he could have of him.
“I have not the talent. My parents tried, but when it became clear that it was a waste of time and money, they gave it up.” She gave him a conspiratorial grin. “I’m sure my brothers all rejoiced when they no longer had to hear me scraping the violin. It made everyone think of cats being tortured.” She nodded at me. “You play divinely, Mr Holmes. If only Mr Watson had learned, you might play duets.”
Victor was more or less trustworthy. If Sherlock asked, he might be able to verify the existence of the Dark Web version of Magnussen’s film. Out of respect for John, though, he wouldn’t ask. He hated the idea of people seeing John like that, when it had so obviously been a kind of abuse. Even if it was a drawn-over, cartoon version of things that hadn’t happened, John had been victimised. Sherlock hated that this had been done to him, that it had pushed a vulnerable boy towards suicide, towards his desperate need to escape the life he’d worked so hard to build. He wouldn’t resurrect it and subject John to more pain.
John went to make tea. I sensed that this was a lot for him to absorb right now. Assuming the role of step-dad, I continued the questioning.
ruined now. Not irrevocably ruined. And he can’t blame Sherlock Holmes for his wounds, or the infection that almost killed him, for his lost career or his inexplicable limp.
Magnussen’s kink may have been sexual, Sherlock thought, but it was more than that. He got off on making boys submit to him, humiliating them and forcing them to obey him. It was worse than if he’d pretended to love John and had sex with him. He’d stripped away all the self-confidence of a young, talented actor, crushed his ego— as casually as he’d discarded the entire project John’s career depended on.
Mycroft stands. “Your doctor is a broken man, and still in the process of leaving his wife. Be careful. Under stress, wounded people retreat to familiar places and people, even if those are the people who have wounded them.”
The young man leaned forwards. “Mr Holmes, I have to say something to you. You will think me foolishly romantic, but I feel that in meeting you, I have had my mind opened to many ideas. I see that I have been wallowing in the esoteric, while you have found application for your intellect. Miss Chadwick is right. Poetry, literature, pure mathematics— these things are important only as we can apply them to real life.” He blushed. “You must think me naive. I am in love with knowledge and have little experience with life.”
Turning, he viewed his attacker. It was hard to tell much because the man was standing in the shadows, shining a torch in Sherlock’s eyes. Squinting into the light, he could see the shape of a cricket bat and congratulated himself for being right about that, at least.
“Imagine it differently,” she says. “If he’d come back six months ago, say, and knocked on your door one evening, after you’d come home from work. You’ve made tea and are getting ready to watch some telly. No high drama, just an evening like any other.”
Watson’s remains are in an urn that sits on his mantel, next to the skull. They seem to be inert, no obvious regeneration. He can’t make up his mind what to do about them.
He reminds himself that he only agreed to the date because Lestrade was so insistent, and Molly, poor girl, seems pathetically invested in his romantic future, even if it’s not meant to be with her. The truth is, he couldn’t think of a reason not to do it, and now he can see all the ways in which it was a bad idea.
Holmes is mercifully silent for a moment. He’s drinking something in a glass with a wedge of lime, probably a vodka tonic. Clearly, posh people don’t drink beer. He takes a sip, looking at John thoughtfully. “But all that was ages ago. Why would you still be upset about it?”
And before John can ask about the hair, Sherlock is off, running down the stairs, calling, “Pink!” as he goes.
“Police are the same everywhere, seeing only what fits their parameters. He went to Aokigahara. Of course they assumed he’d killed himself.”
He looked back at his body, still lying on the floor where he had left it, and seemed to understand.
I read the telegram, cursing silently. Moriarty had evaded the trap. Though his underlings were captured, his organisation broken, he would not hesitate to come after us. Indeed, he had most likely already traced us to Switzerland.
“Woodley, one of the other shareholders, took a dislike to me. He used to cheat at cards, and I made him look bad. As a rule I do not cheat at cards, but when a man like that is flaunting it in your face, gloating over his gains, well— I am a more skilled sharp and managed to take a pile of money off of him. He resented it and came at me with a gun. I had to shoot him. I am, as you know, a good shot, but I truly did not mean to kill him. Zion told me it was the only way. Clearly self-defence, but his brother claimed that I was the one who cheated, and that Woodson was ambushed by me. Zion heard him threatening revenge and warned me, and I was able to avoid an ambush he set for me. In the end, though, he simply tried to gun me down at the mine. Zion threw me across my horse and got me to safety. I stayed with his family while I was healing. The wound became infected, and his wife kept me from dying. Native medicine has ways of healing never taught in British schools, Holmes. I would go back there just to study their methods. At any rate, while I was healing I wrote to your brother, and here I am— penniless and crippled.”
Once the champagne was consumed, Mrs Hudson hugged them and gave them each a kiss on the cheek. “My dear boys. So happy for you both.” She waved at everyone, smiling. “See you all for the next reunion, lovely people!”
Mrs Hudson enters the room, carrying a small stepladder. “I found it! Now, if you’ll just hand me that end, I’ll fasten it—“
was his parents’ house, where he occupied a small, Harry Potter-sized room on the upper floor, across from the room where boxes and old furniture were stored. His parents had lots of things they didn’t use, and John used to think about that. Why have an entire attic of objects whose time has passed?
Maybe he could have joked about it, but when he saw that keen gaze focused on him, all words fled and he was sixteen again.
But it is one thing to attempt illegal acts while proceeding alone, quite another to bring an accomplice into danger. This, I suppose, was the reason he thought I did not trust him, when in fact I did not wish to endanger him. In his mind, I am quite sure they are the same thing. I needed to plan carefully, so as not to put us both in over our heads.
He rubs his eyes, summoning as much patience as he can. “Look, I’m just trying to be an involved parent. This isn’t ideal, and I want her to know I’m still there for her.”
Brook did a comic double-take, gaping at him. “You’re doing that thing— Baz Culpeper, consulting detective! Oh, my god! You really are like that!” Grinning broadly, he held out his hand. “Big fan, Sherlock. Your biggest fan.”
“I know, I know. I’m glad I left, but I wish Dad hadn’t been such a dick about it. It was pretty hard to forgive him.”
“Unbelievable! The man is a key player in the higher criminal world of London, and no one has heard of him. That is the genius of his career. The variety of crimes in which he involves himself is wide, the number, significant— but the man himself does little. He is the spider sitting motionless in the centre of the web, plotting and letting his agents do the work. Nothing can be traced back to him, but he feels every quiver of that web. As I call myself a consulting detective, you might call him a consulting criminal.”
The days roll on, one after the other. He talks to Watson as he goes about tending his hives, boiling water for tea, and taking Toby the Fifth for a walk. His life isn’t exciting, but he tells Watson about the mundane details— the dance of his bees, the taste of their honey, the bread he’s learned to bake. He describes how the world is changing, the boring politics and wars, the new technology. It’s exciting and a bit scary to see what’s happening in the field of genetics. Cloning, stem cells, genetic engineering. Things that he once could not even imagine.
And now he was crying over a fake relationship, his heart broken over the death of a boy he’d pined for, but never really known.
“You’re right, that does sound terrible. And if I were a terrible person, I would expose you. But I’m not. It’s just— never mind.” Abruptly, he turned and headed for the door.
John looks at his daughter, then his lover. He kisses Sherlock lightly, on the lips. “I’ll see you soon.”
My cousins did not have to wrestle me; I allowed myself to be led down a hallway that had always been locked before. Emma had a key which opened both the hallway door and the room itself.
Sometimes it feels as if Sherlock is actually married to his work, and John is just the affair he’s having on the side. Or maybe John is the long-suffering spouse, and the Work is the dangerous and irresistible mistress that makes him forget about John. Like Sherlock, John craves danger, but Sherlock also craves interesting problems. And John craves Sherlock, his brilliant, mad, mercurial—
He studies the well-known face. Different names back then, but they are essentially the same people they were when they first met. He was a priest, and Watson a soldier. Watching a battle, he saw a man take a pike through the chest, red blood pouring out of him into the white snow. It was obvious that the man was going to die, but he wanted to see him, watch the light fade from his eyes, and ask him,
It shocked him, really, to be asked just like that. Was it written on his face? Was it something about his voice, or the way he glanced around the room?
“Your passion, Mr Hughes, is on an entirely different level from that of ordinary people. Mr Chadwick is a good man, but he is a conventional one. He has done a fine job providing you with an education, but he cannot understand a man like you. Or me.”
Part of the premise of his alien identity was, inexplicably, that he was much younger than he appeared. He was twelve when the first episode was filmed, a bit taller than an average boy his age. The script writers decided that the aliens, which they called Zetans (
“May we try?” Holmes asks. “That’s why we came to see you.” He looks directly at Mr Crawford. “My brother insisted.”
And there stood John, needing him. John, weariness etching his face, clutching Rosie, his eyes uncertain.
Maybe Holmes is a sociopath. Not the kind that cuts you open and leaves you bleeding in the alley behind the gay bar, but the kind that cuts you open metaphorically and laughs, saying it’s just a paper cut.
Sherlock permitted himself to be hugged, then broke away and looked at Greg. “It’s time I came back, Mr Smith. Things are happening here on Earth— I need your help.”
We returned to Baker Street. Mrs Hudson was shocked, then tearful, then angry at us both. “Do you see this grey hair?” she said. “That’s my reward for looking after the two of you.”
Even a love story needs conflict, but I wanted it to be all between them. John confronting his ruined marriage and his realisation that he could find love with a man. Sherlock afraid of loving and then losing John, experiencing the uncertainty of a relationship and his old fears of being changed by sentiment.
“Molly hasn’t grown up,” Sherlock replied. The beer had loosened his tongue, but he couldn’t quite let go of the
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, willing back the tears that were threatening. He’d already cried once this week, more than enough. “Do you ever… wonder if…” He sighed and shook his head.
“I’m sorry about this.” She smiled tightly at us, then turned her glare on her daughter. “If I’d had any idea what Rosamund was up to —”
John’s smile still makes him ache inside, just a bit. It’s odd to feel that now. Sherlock isn’t used to happiness, and that must be why it feels so strange. He’s not used to being the object of love. He always intended to save John Watson, but now John has saved him as well, not with his gun or with his doctoring skills, but just by choosing Sherlock. He loves Sherlock.
I was walking towards the trees, of course, to the spot where I had seen John’s bones all those years ago. I hadn’t seen him since I almost died of scarlet fever at Milford. That time he had appeared more clearly, and spoke more words than ever before, likely because I had begun to cross over into his world. Ghosts who remain after death are strongly bound to places from their earthly lives; they cannot wander far from their bones. If I were to see John again, it would be here, near the house where he had died, where his bones remained under the trees.
