Cas laughs, nods. So Dean gracelessly flips to his back, waving Cas over and running his hands up the muscles of Cas’ thighs as he settles over his chest.
“Shit, sorry, fuck...” Dean says automatically, ingrained blowjob etiquette kicking in. He gives the cooling come on his face a cursory wipe before squinting down at Cas, who seems decidedly unbothered if the way he hollows his cheeks around his shaft is any indication.
“So yeah. And Rufus - you never met him, and that’s a damn shame - he left Bobby something too, when he bit it. A cabin up north, in Whitefish. Probably a wreck by now. It’s been years since we’ve been up there.”
Dean folds the loop of rope over Cas’ wrist, pulling the ends through. The motions are familiar, comforting even, as he wraps the rope twice and hitches it off under Cas’ steady stare. He ties the tails to an anchor point beside the bed, one of four he installed months ago when it became clear that this was going to become a regular occurrence. He runs a hand down Cas’ bare arm from wrist to shoulder, kissing the side of Cas’ neck before he tests the tension in the line. It’s got the right amount of give—barely any at all but enough to be safe. The process repeats on the other side, everything symmetrical and precise. Cas tracks his movements with his eyes but is otherwise still. This part is always quiet, leaving just the sound of their breathing—Cas’ naturally slow and even, Dean’s anything but. He’ll settle down later. They’ve got all night.
“The natural order. Or, more accurately, a new order entirely. Demons in hell with a path to redemption, angels in a fully-powered heaven, humans unbothered by either on earth with the surety of an afterlife at peace with their loved ones. Angelic and demonic nonintervention in earthly affairs as rule number one.”
Cas slides home again, again, and again until Dean fully appreciates the fact that they don’t have neighbors. Cas’ hands on his hips, hauling him back, pushing him forward, fucking him. Dean gets a hand under himself, wraps it around his dick and comes, loud and thrashing, Cas chasing after him.
“Alright, see ya!” Sam calls out, turning around and throwing out a wave before loping in the direction of Eileen’s red Plymouth Valiant. They peel out of the parking spot, Eileen blowing a kiss in their direction.
Cas lets himself be pulled in by Dean’s hand on the back of his neck, by the tight thread of longing ready to snap between them, until they’re chest to chest, Dean arching up against him as they kiss. They only stop when Dean starts laughing.
Cas sits down on the edge of the bed. He takes Dean’s hand in his and kisses the inside of his wrist and the center of his palm, like the incurable romantic he is. Dean soaks it up and doesn’t try to pretend otherwise.
Dean laughs and scrubs a hand over his face, but he can’t manage to summon any real embarrassment. Cas has been staring at him since 2008, so he's earned the right.
Cas stands and starts wading back toward the shore, the monster trailing along behind him with just the oil slick skin of its back showing above the water. Dean offers Cas a hand to help him out of the water.
These rhetorical questions, he’s learned, are supposed to be easy to answer, even when they’re not. Cas opts for a nod, and sips his tea. Dean’s is untouched, probably over-steeped at this point.
Sam bumps his shoulder against his, friendly. “Maybe we could—I don’t know. Do something fun for a change,” he says as he dries off his hands on a fussy embroidered towel Cas had picked up at a craft fair up in Wyoming after a hunt. Something hot and sharp twists inside Dean at the sight, even though evidence of Cas is fucking inescapable everywhere he goes regardless. He might not have a handprint on his shoulder anymore, but he carries Cas on his skin anyway.
“It’s beautiful,” Cas says, and they’re standing close enough that their shoulders brush. There’s no excuse for it - it isn’t exactly swimming weather, and the beach is empty. Dean doesn’t move away. “Would now be an appropriate time for another question? The topic is somewhat apropos.”
Dean laughs, bright and surprised, and it’s incredible to hear. Cas stores it away, to replay in his mind later.
Back in the bedroom, Dean flops down naked and spread-eagled on the bed to cool off. Even with his eyes shut, he can feel Cas staring from the doorway to the bathroom.
Cas awakens by the ocean. Coastal Maine, going by the rock formations. He takes inventory of his body. Not his
things Cas can feel all the way through their meal. Eating ribs is not attractive. That’s an unmovable law of the universe. And yet, as Dean watches Cas suck sauce off his index finger before taking a long pull from his beer bottle...
A lump grew in Dean’s throat. He ran a hand across the base of his neck. Instead of sweat coating the palm of his hand and fingers, there was blood. Bright red blood that smelled of roses. Dean shuddered, wiping his hand on his jacket. “Maybe I should go back inside.” His eyes glanced nervously at the angel.
Before they could even attempt to exorcise her, she hurled her mother and Dean clear across the living room and into the kitchen with a wave of her hand, among the sound of sliding kitchen tables and crashing plates.
Grace glowed around him. It was brighter and stronger than any Dean had seen before. Stronger than Castiel’s or Uriel’s or even Anna’s.
:: The Rapture is a Christian belief that either before or simultaneously with the Second Coming of Christ, believers-both dead and alive-will be taken up to Heaven. While Catholics, Orthodox and some Protestant churches believe that this event will occur after the Apocalypse has ended, many Evangelical Christians believe that this event will occur shortly before The Apocalypse begins during a time known as the Pre-Tribulation, sparing Christians from the carnage to follow.
Jesus lowered his eyes. Slowly he walked over to Mary and wrapped his arms around her shoulders.  She squeezed him back briefly before she pulled away, cupping his face in her hands. Without a word she let go and did the same to James before she went back inside the house.
Dean was sitting in the front pew of the church, the taste of blood still lingering on his tongue, when he heard wings flutter behind him.
Jesus' mouth salivated at the thought of them, but his stomach stiffened. “I will.” He nodded. “Thank you, Ima.”
Castiel’s eyes narrowed. “I remember Lucifer being cast out of Heaven because he was full of pride and envy. Because he refused to bend the knee when Our Father demanded him to.”
“We are agents of Our Father’s wrath and justice. Of fate,” Uriel hissed. “We do as we must. No one is above that.” With that, Uriel disappeared.
it’s possible.” Father Frati cocked an eyebrow as he placed the mug on the coffee table. “After all, He
Once his grace had settled, Castiel stripped off his clothes and picked up a shard of broken pottery from the ground. He carved a few cloaking sigils into his vessel’s stomach, just above the loincloth, before quickly dressing again and leaving the alleyway.
Sam’s head was planted on the table in Bobby’s study, a stack of books under him, his eyes closed in a dozing half-sleep. Save for a few hours on Bobby’s couch, he had barely slept.
It was then that Dean remembered. He and Jesus were vessels- Michael’s vessels, Sam and James were Lucifer’s. They were destined to fight and kill each other. And they would, if Dean didn’t find and stop Sam before he could kill Lilith. The last of the Seals.
was a kind of love Dean had always denied. A twinge in his heart that made him fake bravado and machismo. It was a muttered slur John would speak at men seemingly weaker than him. It was never spoken at Dean but that didn’t matter because it had the same effect.
Dean looked up, his eyes settling on an elderly priest, the one who had the said the mass. He strolled up the main center aisle, slowly, stopping at the pew in front of Dean.
:: The War of the Sons of Light Against the Sons of Darkness, also referred to as The War Scroll, is one of the Dead Sea Scrolls, a wide range of Jewish religious documents found in the caves at Qumran near in the Dead Sea. Typically thought to be the product of the Essenes, the scroll contains an apocalyptic prophecy of a war between the Sons of Light and the Sons of Darkness. Dating of the document has ranged between the Second Century BCE and the First Century CE.
“Yeah.” Dean cleared his throat. “I get that a lot.” Whenever Dean healed someone, that was almost always the first thing they noticed. People close to death often noticed things others wouldn’t, or couldn’t.
One of the church’s officials, an older man with graying hair, narrowed his eyes suspiciously at Dean. “‘No one can see the Kingdom of God unless they are born again’. John 3:3,” he said, glaring. “Are you telling us —
need to hunt them, it’s our duty as Hashem’s Chosen People.” Simon looked over to Jesus. “We need to be a light to The Nations.”
Faith.” Her voice became serious and almost pitying. “All you have is doubt, Dean. You need to accept your mission and trust in the Will of your Father.”
As the video got closer, the figure became clearer. It was a man-tall and lanky- wearing a brown hoodie. The hood was covering their head, casting a shadow over their face. In their arms was a small girl. The side of her head was coated in blood. She was still. Motionless.
“Thank you,” Jesus said as he glanced at the girl. It was strange that Elias hadn’t introduced her first. Usually, it was the first thing a prospective father-in-law did. Maybe he was getting a feel for him first, Jesus thought.
“Yeah,” Sam’s voice shook as he breathed heavily. “Naamah’s one tough demon. She beat Dean up pretty bad.”
They had no sooner got settled in the booth when the waitress walked over to them, a notepad and pen in her hands.
Another part of Bobby needed to hope for a resurrection anyway, if not for Sam's sake, then for his own. He knew how far off the reservation Sam had gone the last time Dean had died. He knew well Sam wouldn't be able to deal with it again.
“Thanks?” Dean furrowed his brow, watching Jimmy dig into his burger. A long moment passed before he spoke again.  “Do you know what happened to Cas?”
The nun gave him a quick once over before she turned and left. Dean watched her walk over to what looked like a Saint Michael shrine set in an alcove. When she emerged from it half an hour later, her gaze turned directly over to Dean. She stared at him for a second, then made her way up to the front of the church, genuflecting before she walked over to a side door.
Dean stood up from the booth. “I uh...need a smoke. I’ll be back.”  He rose from the booth, making his way quickly out of the diner, going back behind the building.
He wished more than anything he had never gotten them. He wished that damned angel hadn’t resurrected him in the first place. Whatever Castiel’s reason for it was, command from God or not, Dean
“Because I have doubts.” Castiel exhaled sharply, his voice low and ominous, like the hushed rumble of thunder before a storm. “Because my siblings will make sure you go through with it and neither of us will like how they accomplish that.”
Silently, he made his way past spatters of blood, police tape, and chalk body outlines through the vestibule and to the sanctuary. His angel sword tucked into the sleeve of his trench coat.
He followed the singing down to the end of the hallway until he reached the room it was coming from, the open door covered in worn out construction paper flowers and drawings. He glanced at the light next to the door that, if on, indicated a nurse or a doctor was in the room. He made sure it was off before knocking on the door.
find fault in him simply because he’s a man. A human. Either way he’ll die, Cas.” Anna took a deep breath, shaking her head.“What happened today
:: Both the Gospels of Mathew and Luke say that an angel announced the conception and birth of Jesus. The Gospel of Mathew does not name the angel, but in the Gospel of Luke, the angel is stated to be Gabriel.
“Well belief in God is optional.” The Rabbi shrugged. “It's about finding the divine within yourself and sending it out into the world.”
“So, let me get this straight...” Bobby shifted in the passenger seat. “You’re the vessel of Michael?”
He was awoken by the feeling of a cold, perspiring glass nudging against his arm. He woke quickly, rubbing his face as he stretched to find Bobby standing next to him, beer and a plate of dark brown grilled cheese in hand.
A bright light began seeping through the cracks in the wood planks and through the bottom. A high pitched buzzing filled the air.
He was almost finished with it. Some detail work on the carving was all he had left on the actual construction of the piece. Then he needed to smooth it down and stain it. The tabletop had come together nicely. Between the precise measuring and gentle sanding, not even the most discerning eye could tell where one plank began and the other ended.
you, Dean,” Sam hissed. “Whatever angel spoke to him apparently told him you’re gonna Rapture this whole congregation.”
“Sam. No.” Dean pursed his lips to hold back the bile that had risen to his mouth, hot and sour. “Sam, It’s
:: According to the Roman Catholic dogma of transubstantiation, the bread and the wine used in the Eucharist become the literal body and blood of Christ. This doctrine is also held (though often referred to differently) by most Orthodox Christian denominations. Most Protestant denominations, however, believe it be a purely symbolic representation.
Mary shifted her gaze over to him. “And I know James will follow you,” she said, “He’s been tugging on the bottom of your tunic since before he could walk.” Mary shook her head. “I won’t see my sons killed. But I have no choice. You’re going to do what you
much of a saint to begin with, right?” A knowing grin spread across her meatsuit’s mouth. “I’m not scared of you.
He went back to the kitchen table. He took a couple of tealight out of a pack and placed them on the table lighting them.
Faith gave Sam hope. It gave him the possibility of the existence of true good in the world, of salvation
“Yeah I know but-” Dean took another deep breath. “I’m getting cabin fever, man. Maybe I’ll find a hunt or something along the way.”
Alastair’s eyes locked on the blood that started to creep down Dean’s forehead and chuckled, pulling the hat off of Dean’s head, tossing it across the room. “Heaven actually thinks they can fix you with those wounds. But after all you did downstairs, after everything
Dean narrowed his eyes, his fists clenching despite the tightness of his handcuffs. He was an angel he now knew all too well.
Sam climbed out of the Impala, setting his eyes on Ike’s Place, a small bar a mile off of Interstate 70. Walking inside, Sam heard the opening cords to Lynyrd Skynyrd’s “Simple Man” —classic rock with hints of country and bluegrass—and took a deep breath. Taking in the smell of stale beer and greasy food, he went up the bar counter where an older waitress was scrubbing the countertop with a dishrag. Sam cleared his throat. “Hi. Are you Martha Johnson?”
Dean paused, taking a deep breath as his eyes began to gloss over. “You want me to stop Seals from breakin’? Sure. You want me to ice Lilith? I’m down! But… being the
As Dean made his way back to Bobby’s house, he passed by a small white house with the sign Out front. ‘
“Good. I’m so glad we’re finally seeing eye to eye.” Alastair smirked. “We’re gonna have so much fun together, you and I.”
The boy turned the camera around so it was facing away from him, he scanned through the destruction as he walked down the street. Then he stopped. Shouts echoed off in the distance.
“No,” James said bluntly, wiping the tears away. “If my brother is going to die, he’s going to die with his family near him.” He glared. “He’s not going to die alone with strangers mocking him.”
you. I can’t do this without you. I...” Dean paused. He placed his hand over his handprint scar, squeezing it, tears filling his eyes. “This isn’t easy for me to say, okay? I’m not good at this kind of stuff- I never have been- and I’ve never...
As soon as Dean was let go, his body collapsed against the pew. Limp and dizzy. He lifted himself back up, standing upright as he zipped his fly. Dean shook his head, laughing. “Jesus Christ, Cas.”
things right, yeah. She was my wife,” Dean paused. “And her name was Miriamne, by the way. She had eyes the color of honey and black hair… She always smelled like jasmine.” Dean grew quiet. He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel. He took a deep breath. "You know, before I died, I asked Sam- James- to watch over them. I trusted him enough to take care of my wife and kid," Dean smiled sadly. "Now I can barely trust Sam to take care of my car." Dean pursed his lips. "Actually, I know for a fact that I
“Oh… I’m flattered Dean. Unfortunately, I’m not in the mood for that. Not today.” Slowly, Alastair ran his calloused hands down Dean’s bruised and naked torso and down his thighs. Stopping at Dean’s ankles, he tugged at both of them, testing the tightness of the ropes that tied his feet to the fixture. He glanced up at Dean, a grin spreading across his face. “We can’t
Simon shrugged. “Honestly, I don’t have much of anything to say to you.” He turned to leave with a smirk. “
“—Judas is a faithful servant of Heaven,” Zachariah said annoyed. “You know the prophecy: ‘The righteous one who begins it must be the one who finishes it.’ And he is. By helping The Nazarene fulfill his destiny.”
As soon as the beads touched Sam’s fingers, pain ran through his skin. Searing and throbbing through his hand.
Zachariah began chanting. A blue-white light glowed from the mouth and eyes of Castiel’s vessel and he felt himself being pulled, wrenched out from the body. He fought it, desperately, but to no avail. The next thing he knew Castiel was floating, incorporeal and invisible, above his unconscious vessel.
Sam paused. “You were stuck in Hell for months, Dean. Four months and I couldn’t do anything about it. Then suddenly, you weren’t.” Sam breathed deeply, his voice shaking with anger. “You came back because an angel pulled you out of Hell. Resurrected you because
“Awesome.” Dean sighed as he took a sip from the bottle, gritting his teeth with a guttural groan as Sam began to suture him up.
ago. Hell, what I shoulda done the moment you told me about this whole Messiah thing in the first place.”
“Sam had blood smeared all over his mouth.” Dean’s voice was quiet, almost a whisper. “And it smelled like sulfur.”
Castiel was standing in the middle of the road. His hand extended outward as the white light soaked back into it.
He made a mental note stop at the first hardware store he could find to pick up some heavy-duty 3M tape to stick it onto the driver side door.
“I’m trying to get strong enough to kill Lilith. I’m trying to stop her from breaking the seals. I’m trying to stop the Apocalypse,” Sam said, eyes narrowed. “If what happened today with Alastair is
:: The first Sunday after Easter, also called the Octave of Easter, is referred to in Eastern Orthodox Churches as Thomas Sunday, referring to the gospel passage from the Gospel of John that is read on that Sunday of Jesus appearing to Apostles one week after the resurrection with Thomas present.
One table being run by a young woman had Christian Rock CDs, T-shirts, religious tracts, and Bibles with edgy looking covers stacked on top of it. Dean stopped at the table briefly, picking up one of the CDs and looking at it inquisitively.
to Heaven if we did that. And then they’d just bring you back. We were banking on you selling your soul for John. But when you didn’t…” Alastair shrugged. “Well, it turns out Sam was the better choice. A necessary sacrifice.” Alastair punched him again, this time in the face. “Besides, we
“They are a failed experiment,” Uriel hissed, frustration and anger tingeing his voice. “They are corrupted. They were corrupted the moment Cain picked up the jawbone of an ass and ran his brother through with it. They’re not worthy of our adoration. They’re not worthy to bear God’s power and call Him Father.”
life. Most of them will go on to paradise. Heaven. You know how many Lucifer will kill with your brother’s help? All of them.
Dean and Bobby left the restaurant, heading back over to Jimmy’s house. They knocked on the door. A few seconds later, Jimmy answered the door.
He took the glass of fresh water back over to Dean, setting it down on the nightstand. “You know Dean, I was thinking.” He paused, swallowing hard as he sat down on his bed. “When you’re feeling better… we should take a trip down to New Orleans. See if we can find you a hoodoo priestess or a faith healer. Something.
Some of Dean’s memories had become instincts. A beard he hadn’t shaved. A beanie he kept on his head, not only to hide the bruises on his forehead, but because he felt compelled to keep his head covered.
was the one who was there for him, Dad!” Dean sneered. “You don’t even deserve that title. I was more of a father to him than you ever were.”
James was sitting next to the fire, staring into the flames. He smiled tightly in greeting when Jesus joined him, and scooted over on the fallen log to allow Jesus to sit. “How many demons were in that man?” he asked, poking the fire with a stick to turn one of the logs over. The flames rose up, their heat blowing across Jesus' face as the wind shifted.
“Nothing. Let’s go.” There was urgency in Dean’s voice as he backtracked, grabbing Sam by the arm in an attempt to pull him closer to the Impala.
“Be rid of him, Castiel,” Anna called out to him while she stood at the stable door, cleaning her angel blade on the hem of her vessel’s veil. Contempt filled her voice. “We don’t have time for the lies of demons.”
Soon there was a knock on the door, followed by it being opened. Sam was there, his face wrapped in concern as much as curiosity. “Hey… Me and Bobby heard you talking to someone.” Sam slowly made his way into the room. He briefly glanced over at the glass on the nightstand before fixing his gaze on Dean. “Was it Castiel? Did he tell you why this is happening?”
When Jesus awoke, he found himself lying on the rocky floor of a cave, covered with a heavy cloak.  It was dark, the oppressive sun replaced by the chill of a cloudless night. Sitting up, he pulled the cloak up around his shoulders and wrapped it around his thin middle.
that again. All that blood. All that pain. All that sorrow. Centuries later and I can still hear him crying.” He paused, bowing his head slightly as he shut his eyes. “Watching Dean relive it is difficult enough.”
“—I got lawn chairs and a six pack sitting in the trunk of the Chevelle.” Bobby stood from the table, taking both fishing poles into his hands. “I’m not taking ‘no’ for an answer, Dean.” With that he walked out in the foyer. “You got ten minutes!” he called out, shutting the front door behind him.
That always happened when Dean had those dreams. Eventually, he would end up speaking Aramaic or Hebrew in his sleep.
:: Naamah is a demon who appears in the Zohar, a Jewish mystical text. In it, she and Lilith have sex with Adam while he is mourning Abel and they bear his demonic children who become the Plagues of Mankind. She is often linked with another biblical character who bares the same name, the daughter of Lamech, a descendant of Cain.
Dean nodded. “It was the same thing before with...Old Me and Old Sam.” Dean took a deep breath, putting the cup down in his lap. “Jesus was the last Sword. His little brother James was The Dragon. It just never happened because it was stopped," Dean paused. “They s-stopped with...you know...crucifixion.”
,” Dean sighed. The pews were nearly all filled with standing parishioners, the priest having already started Gospel reading. ‘…
John nodded. “Dean Winchester.” The words played around in John’s mouth as he held the photo up to the light, squinting his eyes at the grainy figure of the infant within it. “I think he’s got more Campbell in him though.” He grinned as he put the photo on the nightstand. “He looks like you.”
“Thank you.” Aleah stared at Dean for a second. “You’ve got a halo,” she said bluntly, her eyes focusing on Dean’s head.
Slowly, Dean opened the one eye that wasn’t swollen shut. He found himself lying on the bench of a police station holding cell, his hands cuffed in front of his body.
Dean smiled at her as tears filled his eyes. He watched her for a long moment before his voice cracked angrily. “Why did you do it, mom? You’re a hunter. Even if you wanted a normal life, you shoulda fuckin’ known better. You… you should have protected us, mom. Why did you make that deal with Yellow Eyes?”
Then came The Silence. It filled Dean’s ears with nothing but the sound of rustling of wings.  But this time, what followed was not the cracking of whips or malicious laughter, only the muffled, distant sound of snoring and whispering. The air became drier and frigid. Bobby’s front yard became a grove of twisted olive trees.
“Yeah.”  Dean nodded, licking his lips. “Peachy.” He picked up his own glass, knocking both of the shots back.
abandoned our family.”  Jesus glared. “In case you’ve forgotten, I helped Ima raise all of you after Abba died and even before that.”
Castiel’s eyes narrowed. In one quick motion, he punched Uriel, sending him crashing into a row of pews.
“Okay.”  Before moving, Dean did a scan of the dining room. It was unpopulated aside from a group of drunk college kids. Dean turned to Jimmy and cocked his head in the direction he wanted to go before making his way over to the booth: far away from the college kids, the bathroom, and the counter.
It was the first time in three months he had even been in the car and the first time in six months he had driven her. The smell of the leather, the hum of the engine, the grip of his hands on the steering wheel brought him such peace. The pressure of his foot against the gas pedal grounded Dean and made him feel like himself. His
“Sounds good.” Jimmy walked quickly into the bathroom, closing the door behind him. There was rustling and the clanking of belt buckles on tiles followed by the rattling of shower curtains and the water running. A deep groan of relief echoed from the bathroom.
“Because I was his firstborn, but I was nothing like him.” Jesus paused, drumming his fingers against the wine jug and scoffed. “Because I
As they walked in, Dean set his eyes on a small church fair going on in the vestibule. Two neat rows of plastic tables with signs taped to the front of them were set up in the middle of it. Some looked to be taking donations while others were selling things.
“Both are solid names,” Ash said with a nod, as if he had seriously considered the matter, “Very secret agent-y.”
Dean’s thumb swiped under Castiel’s eye, pushing those tears away. Castiel looked up at Dean with those liquid blue eyes at last. Dean lost his breath.
Benny turns his look towards Cas, who suddenly becomes aware that he was just standing and listening. Cas turns away and pretends to pick up some work at the window. He sees Hannah eyeing him like he’s a weird-o and he tries not to blush; he knows he’s being suspicious about not being suspicious.
Cas insists that he hates the movie because of the belly button bug, but Dean lures him in by reminding him of the great Keanu Reeves eye candy. Needless to say, Dean’s hype is enough to get Jack pumped.
Dean could laugh at that, because Cas sure as hell doesn’t seem like he’s not ready; to the point, Cas lets out an, “Ah!” as he moves another inch down Dean’s shaft of his own volition. Dean thinks this spot is about right - he ignores his screaming muscles as he gets up on his toes to angle is cock down, thrusting roughly. He feels a small lump past Cas’s muscles, and the man subsequently reacts by calling out again, shaking from head to toe now.
Although it was cold as fuck, Dean felt heat rise in his pelvis thinking that Castiel had been finding the best place to do something with Dean - it had always felt like he’d been the one chasing Castiel. It was odd for Dean to remember that Castiel had been aware of his queerness for longer than Dean. Dean’s mouth felt as muddled as his mind as heat built up in his pelvis, “Well, what is it?”
Midnight arrives. Cas stiffens and grips his glass with its amber liquid (he had shifted to rum on the rocks about twenty minutes ago). Nothing.
Castiel understood now. His curiosity made him question what Dean would say and do if he saw how hard he made Castiel.
The alcohol was… A lot better tasting than Castiel was expecting. He figured he’d cough or make a fool of himself, but he took the shot down fairly well.
He can’t help but be reminded of what happened to him in Afghanistan... He hates thinking about all that, and despises his brain for making him tremble under the unending repetition of that nightmare.
His mind was clear with the cold September air that filtered through his lungs evenly. The day was overcast and he got lost in the rolling gray of the wide Kansas sky.
He pushes tenderly against Cas’s body so they're out of the direct spray of the showerhead, but Cas is pushing back on him so that Dean’s back is against the side shower wall opposite the curtain. Cas doesn’t hesitate this time as he pushes his tongue into Dean’s mouth. Dean hums around the muscle, stroking his tongue along the length of Cas’s. Cas sucks in Dean’s tongue, pulling him into Cas.
“Dean,” Castiel’s voice was void of any ecstasy, filled with concern in its place, “Don’t push yourself.”
“No,” Cas says, rocking his hips against Dean’s rhythm, feeling the distant lump of the buttplug as he moves. He licks at Dean’s neck, moving up to bite his earlobe and whispering back, “I want more.”
Cas huffs in relief - at last, something! Cas pivots on his heels, writing on his pad as he says shortly, “Great.”
Castiel looked up and saw Dean Winchester taking off his shirt. He noticed bruises on the boy’s tan arms and quickly looked away. Castiel pulled on his jacket, minding his own business. He sat down on the bench and trained his eyes on his sneakers as he slipped into them.
Jack nods excitedly. Cas knows that Jack will do all of that, and would have anyway without him saying so. He sighs; he can’t help worrying still.
Over time cells die and regenerate in the body. After one’s mid-twenties, the cells begin to die faster than they regenerate. In the end, cells just die and organs shut off. But between birth and the inevitable death, a human regenerates all their cells many times over. And although the DNA remains the same, the body of the person is redone.
Cas blushes, trying not to think about what he had just done in his apartment in case Hannah and Bart can read it on his face. He waves his hand, replying as casually as possible, “I’m better now, really. You kids take off early, don’t worry about me.”
Cas’s curious hands roam up to Dean’s ass. His warm fingers wander to Dean’s balls, massaging them with his knuckles. Dean is almost doubled over, pulling at Cas’s hair mercilessly as he manages to push out of his lungs: “Cas! I’m gonna- !”
“I want to look at you when you lie to me,” Dean growls. Cas’s trapped cock drools with precum between their bodies, his legs spread around Dean but his ankles are pinned down under Dean’s feet. Cas’s gaping hole twitches against Dean’s cockhead. He’s gasping with want, but his eyes are digging into Dean’s stubbornly.
He hurries to zip up his pants as he paces himself to the front door, stumbling a little although he hasn’t had anything to drink. Cas opens the door and only remembers to breathe after he and Dean lock eyes.
As he did, he nearly ran right into a tree that Castiel was leaning on the other side of. Dean stopped in his tracks; he could only see a part of the back of Cas’s dark locks and a red-tipped ear, the image under these circumstances was enough to give him a heart attack.
Jack turns back. Dean swallows his pride, “I don’t think I really apologized to you. About earlier.”
Anna met Castiel right outside his class door to ambush him. He couldn’t get a word in before the ghostly look on her face stopped him. She was pale as she choked out: “Quiz.”
“Ha, promise,” Dean replied with his full heart - pushing away thoughts of Sam and Dad somewhere far away - nuzzling their noses, he added, “Same goes for you.”
Cas shakes his head and stares at the amber liquid of his remaining drink, “Nothing… It’s a stupid problem. I just need to get over myself, that’s all.”
“I get it,” Dean said, rolling onto his side. Castiel looked over to him. Maybe Dean did understand, maybe he was the only one that ever could. Dean sat up, “I’m going to make sure you get back in tonight. I promise.”
“Nearly all of the supernatural beings and deities associated with the land’s fertility have historically been female in nature.”
“I just meant—Dean, I just meant you guys are basically married. It’d be stupid if you were dating. But that wasn’t what you called about.”
That raises another question. His son has pulled him from the clutches of the Empty once before, after all.
Cas curls his hand around the back of Dean's neck, pulls him closer. His other hand follows Dean’s seat belt strap across his chest down to his hips, unbuckling it and tugging at his arms until Dean gets the message. He gracelessly climbs into Cas’ lap, all elbows and knees until Cas’ arms go around his back, hands hooking over his shoulders and pulling him close. Dean braces a hand on the back of the seat behind Cas’ head, leaning down and kissing the corner of his mouth, his closed eyes, the bridge of his nose and feeling vaguely hysterical.
“It’s late though, and I am mildly inebriated. Tomorrow, perhaps?” Cas quirks a one-sided smile at him, but there’s a sadness to it that Dean can’t begin to guess at.
“My mom took me here once, uh, before,” Dean says, hands stuffed in the pockets of his jacket. “She was pregnant with Sammy at the time, and we were visiting some cousins in Chicago. Or something. Who knows, I was four years old. The sand stuck with me though. It’s still the only real beach I’ve ever seen.”
“That doesn’t bode well,” Cas says over his shoulder as they both peer inside. “Have you had a tetanus shot any time in recent memory?”
“W-what? Why?” Cas’ thumb circling gentle, too gentle, around his hole, and he wants it, wants anything. He pushes back, seeking it out, and Cas retreats too. “Fuck. This some kind of test?”
, Cas' hands pushing his knees apart, and oh fuck, this is going to get embarrassing real fast, and Dean didn't wait more than ten years only to -
“So. That’s when I loved you first,” Cas says, wiping his hands carefully with a too-small bar napkin. “The way I loved you first - knowing beyond a shadow of a doubt that you deserved better than Heaven’s plan for you. Shall I continue?”
of this? Cas leads them through the bunker, pulling him along like Dean needs any encouragement at all.
“Well, I didn’t need a $20 bottle of organic lavender shampoo, but I’m getting one anyway. We all deserve nice things occasionally.”
Dean’s stomach objects—he’s experienced more than enough g force for one day—but he’s on his unsteady feet and headed for the queue line with Sam and Eileen hot on his heels before he can think twice.
"Dean," Cas says, turning a perfectly ripe fig over in his palm, studying it. "The garden doesn't even have a fig tree. They're not compatible with the region’s hardiness zone. Not to mention, central Kansas' humidity level should mean -"
“I mean, when a partner undresses you. Slowly, or more perfunctory? Or would you like to do it yourself, if it makes you self-conscious to have someone do it for you? Do you like to be watched, and if so, with or without commentary?”
The waitress delivers Cas’ food, and Dean watches him methodically demolish it. He can’t wait to cook for him when they get back home. With Cas occasionally humming his approval of the food, Dean’s mind spins off into a sepia-toned domestic fantasy of flipping pancakes at the stove and humming along to the radio as Cas washes the dishes. Except, in the fantasy, they’re not in the windowless kitchen of the bunker, they’re somewhere else. Somewhere decidedly above ground and most importantly, their own.
, not the having, I didn’t think you - I was at peace if you didn't -” Cas trails off, forehead pressed to Dean’s shoulder.
Too soon for Dean’s comfort, they’re careening down a gravel runway in a plane emblazoned with a cheesy and biologically impossible bald eagle riding a motorcycle, lifting off into the air with more creaks and metallic groans than Dean will ever be comfortable with. He closes his eyes for the ascent, as if that’ll help anything, until he hears Carl announce over their headsets that they’ve reached jumping altitude.
is etched onto the curve on them. What happened to him? Dean blinks, slow and lazy, and the shadows, his only friends, merge with corporeal objects.
"I've never felt any attraction. No lust or love and it was scary but when you were made I–" Castiel runs a hand through his hair and exhales nervously. "It was the first time I felt anything close to a romantic relation. But I was still figuring it out and Anna got to you first and it's against Angel Law to fight over an Omega. So I observed you since the day you were born. I watched and I couldn't stop." Castiel grips Dean's hands in his tightly. "Forgive me, Omega."
It's dizzying. The rush of power that Dean gets, it tingles in his toes and makes his body lock up and his ass clench and it's revolutionary. He can feel how fast his blood travels through his body; he can see each atom in the air; and each Angels hand that use to touch him vanish; his own saliva tastes of molecules, of simplicity and complexity all at the same time.
"You were amazing, the courting has completed." Castiel praises, kissing Dean's lower back. Dean's wings jump at the compliment and he makes a low noise of happiness.
He almost dies, the borrowed grace from Lucifer dies out quickly after he goes into Sam's subconscious, claims Dean, and fights Michael. Who would've thought killing two Archangels in one day would take such a toll on a guy.
"Yeah, gonna give it to me? Gonna cum? Gonna fuckin' blow, baby?" Dean growls, snarls and tugs on Castiel's hair while his other hand ventures behind Castiel. Dean goes by it slowly, barely ghosts over it but Castiel chokes. Dean does it again, presses a greedy finger against it, moaning as it gives.
Dean shrugs, droplets of water cascade down his freckled shoulders. "A bit tired and cold." Dean curls his toes in the water as he talks.
"'M fine." Dean shrugs off the uneasy feeling with a façade of nonchalance. His fingers tighten around the grip of the machete and his body tightens, prepared for anything to happen.
Dean only finishes half of the soup, which Castiel still praises him for, and Dean watches, with his cheek on his hand, as Castiel packs the rest away.
"Yes." Dean gasps, slick starting to gather and dampen at his hole again. HIs Omega purrs in victory at the thought of them getting to have Alpha while spew rises in Dean's throat. He doesn't want to be here. He doesn't want to do this right now.
"Hello?" Dean sighs as his eyes slide shut. At the sound of his voice, Miracle trots in from the living room and hops onto the bed, jolting it and making Dean's head dip uncomfortably until she settle right above his head.
Dean opens his eyes to stare at the darkness of his green sheets and exhales shakily. The smell of himself causes an acidic wave of bile to rise in his throat; he knows it smells, he knows he has to shower and get up but he's so tired; his limbs are declining any signal his brain sends to them.
"Would you like to dance?" he asks, removing his thumb. Dean gathers what little bearings he has left and clears his throat.
Dean sits down with a small huff and rises then drops his shoulders. "For now it's been normal. How was yours?"
"How do you know what I want?" Dean leans in to press his lips against Castiel's but Castiel grabs some of the blonde locks on Dean's head and tugs gently.
Dean has taken the life of over seventy Alphas ranging from farmers to governors because it was orders and Dean knows how to obey. But there's karma, karma that follows after taking the life of a farmer with two kids and a wife who has a third one on the way or a mayor who cheated on his significant other with the secretary or a young girl who gets cash by selling government secrets–Dean blinks the tears burning his eyes and allows nicotine to fill and rest in his lungs.
"Hey." Dean looks up at Jo, who's playing in Dean's hair with familiarity. Dean bites back a smile, she never apologizes with words, does she?
Castiel, not only had to play mediator, but he had to stay behind and clean up the very ugly mess the two left behind with spectators, nosy, noisy little cretins that like to ogle and point fingers.
Castiel slides off the dryer, joint abandoned on top, and wraps his thick arms around Dean's middle, squeezing the small fat there. Dean raises his own arms and wraps them around Castiel's neck.
, he wants to take Dean apart and etch the words onto his bones as he slides his hand down further and uses his grace to open Dean up and slide two fingers in.
Dean scoffs, well, tries to but his throat is terribly dry so it comes out as a wheezing cough accompanied by watery eyes. He needs a cup of coffee.
"Take off your pants." Castiel leans back on his calfs to loosen his tie and Dean's nose twitches. There's that smell again.
Disgust hugs him from behind as he reaches down and washes between his legs. Or maybe it's unfamiliarity; this body hasn't been his in years and now that it is it's
"Ready?" Castiel leans his back against the lobby's door and Dean ducks his head in a small nod before walking past, inhaling softly.
"Where's Eileen? She's leaving you already?" Dean asks when he notices the lack of sign language being used in the house.
Dean closes the door behind him with a deep sigh and tilts his head back until it hits the solid wood with a soft thunk. He hates it, the mingling, the storytelling, the playing pretend. He should've stayed home tonight.
Castiel brushes Dean's cheek to get him to look up and ducks his head for a kiss but Dean pulls back with a hushed mumble of words and an embarrassed scent swirling around him.
"I do not enjoy public spaces, Dean." Castiel reminds his roommate for the umpteenth time as he gently cleans the dust off the leaves of his Echeveria elegans.
He got a better look around town, walked alone aside from the hands and shadows. By the time he made it back to the hotel his calves itched and he knew of a secluded area, deep within the trees that surround the place, that he can sit and see sun set over water.
Neither get the chance to respond before a sudden feeling of warped insides and nausea washes over them and they are pulled into the portal.
Dean's body hurts. His thighs are cramping even though his whole weight is on Castiel's lap, the tip of Castiel's nails actually scrape against his prostate in a way that makes his cock hard but soften at the same time, and his arms are heavy as well as his eyes. He fucking loves it.
Dean wonders for how long he missed that. He licks his lips and asks, mumbles is more like it, "Can we talk?" because they haven't, not really. At The Roadhouse they nod to each other and Dean listens to the wedding plans without saying anything or Sam will ask how Dean is and he'll always give him the same answer: "Fine." but he's not, he's more aware of that now.
Sam bites his lip and sighs. "Michael never made me a promise, well, he did, but I think he thought I believed him."
The leaves stop singing and the water comes to a slow still. Dean notices the black feather warped in the water become clearer by the second.
They continue until Dean's sandals are casted aside next to a circle of mushrooms, a fairy ring, Nordic had told him, and his feet are submerged under warm water with Nordic's head close to his exposed thigh, not resting, but listening.
It's not just Busty Asian Beauties that he'll jerk it too; if Cupcake Wars is playing and he gets the urge then it just happens. He'll stain his pants thinking about what it might feel like to sink into the filling of a chocolate cupcake. Or if he's having a bad day, some dickhead up his ass about why his cookies are so expensive, he'll lock himself in his office until his cock is weeping.
"Staff is not allowed to mess with your belongings so if your laundry has gone missing then it appears Cas–uh–Cassie has taken them."
"Why were you crying?" he snaps, interrupting Castiel who doesn't look upset but a little shocked and understanding. Dean looks down at his lap and blinks back the tears getting ready to fall from his eyes. This is so shit.
Dean flinches at the bite, his cock throbbing in his hands as cum dribbles out of the tip, grimacing at the rush of pain that he gets but it soon relaxes into a dull sensation that settles at the bottom of his gut.
"I can take off my cuffs too. It's not the same but," Dean shrugs and Castiel stares at him with wide eyes. It was a known fear that Dean would lose control if he took off the cuffs. That he would hurt someone again so they never–Dean never wanted to take them off.
"That was a stupid question. I am your job after all, right?" a pin pokes Dean's heart at Castiel's words. The truth is, he isn't sure. Love isn't something he deemed necessary or important or
"The idea of commitment is scary for you. You don't believe in soulmates and relationships aren't for you, if you knew I had harbored feelings for you or if I was your soulmate, you'd ignore me. You'd leave. That's why you attempted to kiss me."
ALSO: everyone who comments on this makes me want to sob, you guys are so sweet and caring. And it's okay to heal slowly from trauma, it's difficult and ugly but your trauma is valid and shouldn't be rushed when it comes to coming to terms with it!
Breathe. Breathe, someone whispers. He can hear screams behind the pumping blood in his ears and his hands feel like they're on fire. His lungs aren't bring filled fast enough and he can taste blood on his tongue.
Cassie eyes the seat next to Dean before sitting down a little too close for his comfort. Apperently the same goes for Castiel's comfort because the Angel growls low in his throat, not that Cassie notices.
"'as? Y'up?" Dean rasps, twitching his ears back as he waits for a response, frowning when he doesn't get one.  He cranes his neck back to see the empty, messy space that indicates Dean sprawled out on the entire bed last night and Castiel never came back.
"Is the Matchmaking Ball not an invitation to court the Royal Omega?" Castiel looks down at John despite John being an inch or two taller and Dean makes a noise in the back of his throat.
"It's no problem. How are you feeling?" Castiel questions as he walks to the door frame of the washroom and leans against it.
Castiel's landing is rocky; he staggers, feet scuffing against the roots of trees and body knocking against sturdy trees. His back arches as he retracts his wings allowing the cuffs to scrape against the open wounds, making them stretch.
Dean turns to look back at the pond, his heart dropping when Castiel doesn't reappear to the surface. With a heavy heart, Dean turns back and runs through the forest back home.
"You left, you fucked up and that's on you. However you felt when you spread your wings and left is on
It's thick and long, Castiel is sure that he'll be sore tomorrow but right now he rolls and clenches experimentally around Dean's cock. Castiel leans back, holding onto Dean's knees as he lifts himself off the cock slowly before easing back down causing the two to moan in unison.
"Nobody will care for me with this body. I don't even know what I'm supposed to be. A man or a women? I'm a full Omega but to have both of these parts...how will I find love with a tainted body like this?" Dean slouches, sitting back on his heels.
"That wouldn't be a good idea, boy." Dean jerks at the voice, how could he not notice the door open? The woman who spoke enters the room with Castiel in tow. Dean bites back a noise of surprise when Castiel puts on the trench coat and picks up the book. The Angel pulls back the chair a little for the woman to sit on then leans against the wall behind her.
His eyes are droopy, heavy like anvils, and he lets them slide closed when he can no longer hear the incessant begging in his brain. He feels a hot hand on his lower back yet still shivers, makes a pathetic noise in the back of his throat which the hand moves up to and squeezes. It's only then he realizes that nobody's supposed to be here. Dean jerks upright, his head bangs against the wall which makes his vision spot, and his hands grips the sheets by his hips. The phantom hand disappears, but not before tracing the mark on his left deltoid. Dean's throat works, he runs a tired hand down his face.
Sam found out something, that much is clear, maybe he found out who it was. The person has to be connected to the family; someone who's always in the house, who shows clear distaste for Castiel, who could destroy the family but come out on top.
Dean grips the base of their cock and pulls Castiel up towards the underside of it, cursing at the warm tongue immediately caresses the tip. "Suck it."
"Déchiré." Caatiel stumbles back, face pale. A steady flow of blood leaves his back, staining his–Dean's–shirt. "You should be with Cassie."
"I-it's hot inside, Dean." Castiel groans lowly, mouthing at Dean's skin, his cock jumping inside of Dean as he slides another inch into his Omega's heat. Castiel's skin feels itchy, his toes are curling, his wings are spasming, and tears won't step falling from his eyes and down his cheeks.
"You lost respect for your elders, boy?" John drawls, stepping in between Jo and Ellen with his hands in his jacket pockets. Dean's bottom lip wobbles and fear prickles in the back of his brain. Dean holds his hands behind his back and stands up straighter.
Dean's hand hovers over the sleek door handle and his jaw works once more and he sucks in a shaky breath.
The front door opens and between the sounds of people stepping out their shoes and the rustling of bags, Dean is dodging the hard gaze from his father and rushing towards the front door in a heartbeat.
"C-Cas! Right t-there!" Dean's eyes roll back and he shakes against Castiel's body. Everything between them is drenched with slick causing more wet noises to emerge from where they connect. Castiel licks and sucks at Dean's mating gland, groaning into the bruised flesh and his wings flare out with the intention of claiming.
"She thinks she has what it takes to be God?" Eve uses both hands to cover her mouth as she laughs into them, a full body one that has her leaning forward and shaking her shoulders; her hair drapes dangerously close to Dean's face and when she looks up through her eyelashes and drops her hands, Dean heart pounds painfully in his chest as he holds his breath.
He remembers the days he spent crying because he was so worried that Castiel wouldn't get permanent residency and how depressed he got.
"I have an entire what? Place to myself? I was forced here and had to be released by dragons. Even though I'm the mother of the creatures you all hate, I could never see them. I want to see my children, is that so bad?"
Dean had said, shifting from side to side on anxious feet as his heart pounded in his chest. And Mary had shifted in that large bed, the bed that Dean was laid on the pervious night and had his body violated. She grunted under her heavy comforter that smells of John's whiskey and sweat. Of garlic and sadness.
The Matchmaking Ball was father's idea; some out of the woods suggestion that he forced everyone to participate in because he wanted Dean to marry and produce a heir quickly. It's smart, Dean has to admit. The Alpha, whom ever decides that they have the knot to even look a Dean, wouldn't know that Dean was created by Hermaphroditus until their wedding night and would be forced to reproduce. To contaminate their child who will be destined to rule.
"'M gonna–gonna give it to you, Mommy." Castiel slurs, dizzy with love, dizzy with the splitting arousal in his body.
It starts out in his stomach, swirling and making friends with the acid and courses in his blood like an infection that makes him retch onto the industrial flooring, then finally comes out through his throat in a wild yell that burns his oropharynx.
"I don't take kindly strangers on my property." the voice speaks carefully, menacingly. It makes goosebumps appear on Dean's arms.
Dean glares at the black, wilted feather that he took from Castiel's wings. If Dean picks it up again he's afraid it'll crack in his palms. The drug surely has to be eating away at him, he's been like this for how many months? Dean runs a frustrated hand through his hair and begins to pace back and forth.
Dean shrugs even though Castiel can't see him and plays with the pads on the bottom of Miracle's paw. "You can call me Dean, Mr. Winchester is a little too formal."
"My poor children." Eve sighs, resting her hand on her heart. "The cure for Leviathan Blossom is, curious, to say the least. I know that it was used to trap but to free, well, you should be willing to give an arm and a leg. Are you ready for that?"
Castiel's eyes flicker to the shy figure standing next to the bench and his heart spasms in his chest. Dean does look magnificent in that dress; a mesh, mint, floor length gown with lace sleeves. He made a good choice sending that as a gift.
Castiel keeps mumbling to himself as he makes his way to the door and Dean tries to get up, tries to follow, but his legs are weak and he stumbles before falling to his knees.
"Once a Hunter, always a Hunter. Their phone number is on the back as well as the requirements." Henricksen mutters softly before leaving the folder in the middle of them then getting up and leaving.
"Thankfully it's only Sunday so another day of lazing around won't stop the world." Castiel sits at the edge of the bed while Dean reaches for the glass of water.
As the room darkens and Castiel's thoughts run rampant in his mind, he turns onto his side, grabs his phone, then opens up his browser and carefully types 'transgender' into the blinking search bar.
A soft squeak escapes the back Dean's throat and he brings his hands to squeeze at Castiel's biceps, unsure what to do with them. Castiel's nails rake against the short hairs on his neck and he tilts his head to the side as their lips move against each other. Dean can feel the short puff of air from Castiel's nose ghost along his cheek; it makes his knees go weak.
No wrong or right choice, simply Dean's. His consent to do whatever, it feels weird to have that option for once.
Castiel wraps his arms around Dean's waist and pulls him flush against his chest, moving his hips at a faster pace. Dean clutches the back of Castiel's shirt and gasps into the open air. His breath comes out hot and drool seeps out of his mouth as Castiel pistons his hips harder.
Castiel shifts then clears his throat awkwardly and the person's head snaps up in alarm, eyes wide. Castiel's thoughts immediately go to the captivating green of Epipremnum aureum. Castiel didn't think the universe made someone with eyes so pretty, they stir something longing and hot in Castiel's gut. Devil's ivy indeed.
Anna makes an appreciative sound before looking down at the file in front of her. "I hope you don't mind but we do have to take precautions when doing this type of thing so we asked Lucifer to dig up some information on you."
Castiel lets out an airy chuckle. "I believed I would have reliable neighbors to get it for me. As you can see, I wasn't wrong. The office is the extra room down the hall from the kitchen. I'll see you soon, Mr. Winchester."
"Pretty, pretty, pretty." Castiel groans, curling his toes into the carpet and grinding his cock deep inside Dean's insides, groaning and doing it again when Dean's tilts their head back with a low groan, exposing the column of their throat to hungry eyes.
"You don't have to lie, Omega. If he's not giving you the attention you want, you can always come to me." she breathes against his ear, trailing her manicured hand up his spine under his sweater. Her scent is thick with an uncensored sweetness and she stinks of wine.
"What about you, Mr. Garden Designer, why do you wanna get into architecture?" Dean sets his mug down behind him before crossing his arms with an inquisitive eyebrow raised.
"So honest." Dean shakes, giving one more lazy hump into Castiel's mouth before groaning into the open room and spilling down Castiel's throat. Castiel's eyes widen and he tries to pull back but the grip Dean has on his hair is strong. Dean rocks their hips in half thrusts, letting aftershocks run through their body and into Castiel's mouth.
Dean's mouth is nothing short of intoxicating. He tastes of nothing yet of everything and their tongues dance in a way Castiel can't comprehend even though he knows
They have memories here, is that why Dean isn't leaving? Is Dean thinking about how it would be if Castiel was stronger? If he wasn't so sick and weak?
Dean doesn't know how but the text is mocking him. Its black text morphs into unintelligible letters that he can't decipher even though he knows over ten languages, ancient and new. He slides the phone open to text, the blinking bar wins at their staring competition before he gathers what little courage he has to send something.
"Pleasepleaseplease," Dean begs, thighs shaking as Castiel works in a third finger. Dean's soul pulses with each brush of fingers against his prostate and Castiel pulls out his fingers gently so he can squeeze some lube onto his cock. The Angel pulls Dean down the bed so Castiel's cock can easily be eased down and slid into Dean's tight heat. Dean's thighs tighten and tears slide down the sides of his face, Castiel rocks his hips lazily and Dean lets out a choked grunt.
"It was never my intention to hurt you, sweetheart. You wanted me to start going to therapy but you are my biggest distraction so I needed to go away, I should have texted and for that I apologize."
Castiel wishes he could see Dean but the fluff from his dress his in the way. He wonders what kind of face Dean's making. Castiel moans, allowing the noise to vibrate against Dean. Castiel pulls away, a strain of slick and saliva connecting from Castiel's lips to Dean's hole.
"Shut up, Cas." Dean chuckles then steps a little closer and cups Castiel's cheeks in his hands and presses a gentle, yet firm kiss on his lips.
Dean doesn't open his eyes right away when he comes back around. He gauges for a brief moment his state; his arms are tied behind his back, there's a wetness trickling down the base of his neck which is most likely blood, and he knows if he opens his eyes his vision will swim with false colors and warbled images of the things in front of him.
Dean can feel bad about not drinking the coffee later, he can feel bad about not giving Sam a hug or a fucking thank you or any of that other bullshit because he needs
Maybe because it slipped out without Cas wanting it to? Dean runs his hand through his hair. Dean knew Cas was still hiding something from him and they can guess why Cas would go to such lengths to hide it, especially since Dean getting comfortable with their pronouns was something new.
Castiel cups each side of Dean's face and deepens the kiss, everything is slippery and cold but Dean's mouth is warm and makes Castiel's insides stir.
Lifting the bottom of his dress, Dean creates a makeshift basket to store the berries. He picks until his impromptu pocket feels heavier and half the bush is clean.
"L-loved it, like when you dress up and talk to me like that." Castiel exhales. "I really never gave a b-blow job or had sex before, i-it felt really good."
"You were just worried, no? Like a friend would be." Dean unclips the leash from his belt buckle and unlocks his door and Miracle trots in happily.
"Of course." Castiel presses a lingering kiss on his temple before leaving the room. Dean watches him and idly brings a hand to his stomach.
"'M sorry daddy, s'good, 'm sorry," Dean breathes, lips red from being bitten and eyes hooded. A masterpiece that Castiel adores. Unfortunately, Dean knows the rules by heart and is aware that he's not allowed to take more when he isn't specified to do so.
Donna nods, "It makes perfect sense, Dean. And even if it doesn't, you still said it so it still matters. Do you want to say it all the time?"
Dean shoots a curious glance at Lucifer, an angry wrinkle forming between his eyebrows. Does he really want to see Eve again?
"Did'ja know Angels claim their mates, most often humans, if they're inna lotta danger or close to death? It stops any kind of harm and the marks look like burns, kinda like yours." Donna comments offhandedly.
A nice warmth engulfs his side and a hot hand rubs his back soothingly. "I'm by your side. Rely on me, Dean."
"Oh, you must be his girlfriend then." the hairs on the back of Dean's neck raise at the judgment in Castiel's voice.
Andrei and Elizabeth share a tight, reconciling hug with Andrei mummering apologizes and Dean purses his lips.
Lucifer rolls his eyes. "The grace in your stomach is bright like Castiel's. It'll be hard having a nephilim."
"It can be anything, something small like when I get through it I'll get myself a cheeseburger with extra cheese or something."
"Oh?" Castiel says dumbly, as if he didn't plan this, as if he didn't grab Dean by his hair and hold him up to his face before telling him to
Dean watches his friend leave towards the stairs before opening the door to his room. Dean slides down the door once he's in his room and chokes out a dry sob.
Any angel who voluntarily claimed him must be dumb as dirt because Dean's broken, weak, any other degrading word you can find in the dictionary. Sure he's working on himself, indulging in things he was too afraid of before, but that doesn't make him any less tainted,
Castiel leans back to cup Dean's cheek in his hands, his azure gaze fierce and swimming with affection? Adoration? As he squints down at Dean. Castiel brushes his thumb across Dean's cheekbone, once, twice before leaning forward and grazing their lips together.
"Listen, you stay outta my way and I stay outta yours, asshole." Dean bites out stomping past Castiel and to his own room with a harsh slam of his door.
"Dogs are very distracting. They need constant play time and attention. Maybe you want to try looking into finding a dog?" Castiel smiles softly and a little precum stains Dean's boxers.
Dean is an anomaly. A deviation. A Princess with the brightest soul that plants could use to photosynthesize.
Castiel grips the underside of Dean's knees to push them higher up on the man's chest, folding him in half. Dean blushes to the tips of his ears at the exposure and turns his head into the pillow. Castiel clicks his teeth and smacks under Dean's thigh three times.
"Who asked who out?" Charlie blurts, leaning forward with curious ears, rapping their palms against the table.
The last bit of the episode is back in Nigeria with Angela and Michael at the alter. They look happy and the venue is bright and lively until the priest says
"Right." Dean doubts with a frown. He tugs on his boxers and pats around for a shirt; it feels softer than his own shirts and his Omega purrs at the thought of adding it to their nest. Dean tugs it over his head.
"Follow." Castiel commands, taking the pie in his other hand and walking in the opposite direction that Dean came in.
"Are you thinkin' about me, Cassie-poo?" Lucifer teases, snapping Castiel out of his turmoil. At his silence, Lucifer pouts, coming down to crouch in front of Castiel.
Dean nods stiffly, closes his eyes, and purses his his lips. Castiel's lips pull together to hide the smile creeping on his features and he cups the back of Dean's neck delicately.
After Sister Jo blesses both the rings, Sam and Gabriel make their way back down the aisle with people cheering them on or throwing bouquets at them. Dean and Castiel make eye contact once more before they go they get dragged their separate ways to go to the other venue.
"Row, row, row your boat gently down stream..." a voice sings off key. There's a rhythmic thud sounding on his floor, increasing in pace and so does the singing.
Dean lets out a startled laugh and brings a fist down to jerk at his dick. "They could b-be right downstairs while y-you're fuckin' me," Dean gasps and arches his back. "Ah, yes, yes! Oh s-shit! H-he could come up a-at any moment and see you f-fucking their friend."
"I best be leavin' now, brotha'." Benny flicks his cigarette on the ground and steps on it as he rises.
Dean stares down at Castiel and shivers at the pure excitement that courses through her body. "Stick out your tongue."
“I’ll just be a minute,” Cas says, leaning over and kissing him on the temple as Dean yawns and nods.
Over burgers (extra bacon for Dean, a fried egg on top for Cas), Dean takes over question-asker duty.
"No. We should be about done,” Cas says, tragically unaware. “Thank you for your help - I know this isn’t exactly how you probably planned to spend your morning."
Cas knows for a fact that Dean doesn’t understand. He hasn’t seen the rings of Saturn with his own innumerable eyes, heard mankind’s halting first attempts at music made with bone flutes and their own unsteady voices, or communed with the Host in an unbodied, timeless Heaven. However, all told, it pales in comparison to the joy in sitting here beside his friend on a pockmarked stretch of highway in middle America. He lets the matter lie.
The waitress returns to their table and checks if they’d like any dessert. Cas asks for baklava and a Turkish coffee, and Dean orders the same.
This seems likely something best attempted with no observers. It’s tourist season though, and small groups of people mill about around him as he weighs the relative nutritional and satiatory merits of a Snickers vs. Reese’s Pieces. He sighs, thwarted, and stuffs his hands in the pockets of his jeans.
The next hour passes swiftly, as the woman, Farhiya, tells him about a boyfriend back in Boston, a disappointed mother in Rochester, and the nursing program she can’t decide if she wants to complete.
“You’re welcome,” Cas says, finally sounding more than a little breathless himself as Dean falls fully apart.
No pleasantries, then. “Alright, okay. Yeah. I guess I’m not sure. I just sort of thought...it sounds stupid now.” Selfish, arrogant, narcissistic—what, he thought Cas’ world revolved around him?
Cas is throwing him a life preserver, and he’s sure as shit going to hang onto it. With Cas’ rapt attention, he dutifully reads off the listed ingredients and makes all the necessary recommendations regarding cheese type, white or wheat toast, bacon or sausage, the relative merits of over-easy vs. over-medium eggs. It takes long enough that he can feel some of the frenetic fight-or-flight energy draining away. Cas knows him so goddamn well.
“‘Do you have a secret hunch about how you will die?’” Cas asks twenty minutes or so later, as they're driving over a bridge through a river gorge.
“What’s wrong?” Cas grumbles, and Dean feels the reverberation of his voice from where they’re pressed close, chest to back.
Their desserts and coffee arrive. Dean smiles winningly at the waitress and thanks her, all awkwardness hidden away by well-rehearsed charm.
Dean would grin at the novelty of driving an angel to incoherence, but his mouth is a little preoccupied. What’s that saying - ten thousand hours of practice makes anyone an expert. He’s not there yet, but he’s been reading Cas for years. Sex is just a different dialect of the same language.
He’d be irritated, but Dean looks utterly lost. Younger too, wide-eyed in a t-shirt and bare feet. He sets a hand on Cas’ knee, barely any pressure at all in his touch. His thumb tags the inside seam of Cas’ jeans. Oh. That’s new.
“Isn’t it?” Cas says, lips returning to the divot between collarbone and shoulder and setting his teeth in.
“Wow, a ringing endorsement,” Dean says, aiming for sarcasm and ending up in the dangerous realm of obvious relief. “Sounds like you two could have something special.”
“It’s intended to provoke revealing disclosures of intimate personal information, so small talk would be counter-purposeful. How do you think you will die, Dean?”
Dean shakes his head, shifting the car into gear and leaving the unfortunate Honda in the rearview mirror as he navigates back toward the highway.
“Possibly mulching the raised beds as well. It encourages a healthy soil ecosystem and reduces evaporation. Also -”
They switch positions, Cas on his back and Dean making a meandering journey from the slope of his neck down to the tattoo over his ribs, following the Enochian letters with his tongue. His hands find their place holding Cas’ hips down, Cas letting him
“You’d like that, I know you would. You would be perfectly content.” Cas’ fingers brush over his jaw, thumbing at the edge of his mouth. “I would see to all of your needs. You would want for nothing.”
“Of course, Dean. I misspoke. Occasionally, when you experience particular types of emotional stimulation, your capillaries undergo involuntary vasodilation.”
“Yeah, uh. It wasn’t because of...that. I mean, I saw whatever I saw just before the drop, and then boom, I’m down here. It sure felt like the angel express, you know? Where it feels like you’re maybe gonna start seeing shrimp colors and also like you might shit yourself?”
“Uh.” A semi passing on the highway behind the diner chooses that moment to let off its engine break, the jackhammer sound of it knocking inside Dean’s skull and no-doubt giving him away.
"Mmhmm. Do you think you'll need any more hoses? Got anything else you need me to mulch?" he says, pressing against Cas in a way that can’t be misinterpreted as anything other than an invitation to fuck in the backseat of the Impala.
Dean opens his arms wide to hug Donna, and she squeezes him back so hard his feet nearly leave the ground. When he looks back out across the roof, he sees that Claire is gone and Cas is talking to someone else, a woman he doesn't recognize. He makes his way closer, weaving amongst the ever-drunker guests that squeeze his arm or shout congratulations in his ear as he passes. He notes how the mystery woman is wearing a brilliant green dress that sort of
“So what’s next for you, man?” Dean asks, eyes fixed ahead of him and reflecting back at Cas in the dirty mirror behind the bar.
“Intelligence isn’t some zero-sum game between siblings,” Cas says, exasperated. “You and Sam are both exceptionally bright. It’s not your fault that you attended fourteen different schools in a three year period. I can show you the literature on the statistically undeniable impact of school instability on a child’s -”
As Cas lowers his feet into the water, he sighs, head tipping back. Dean allows himself a long look at the column of Cas' throat. It's his dream, after all. On that note, he wonders...
He starts checking increasingly improbable hiding spots around the bunker, resorting to the couch cushions in the Dean Cave when Sam ambles through the door.
“What I meant by the word is probably inclusive of however you define it. I want you like humans have always wanted each other. But I want more than that too."
“I meant, you’re already spiritually united, so marriage is a human formality. Not that that diminishes its significance in any way!”
“Are you hungry?” Cas asks. “According to Yelp, there’s a place up the road that serves stuffed waffles.”
“That term isn’t commonly used among active enthusiasts, according to Jack’s subreddit community,” Cas says archly, sipping his tea. “Also, he’s become quite invested in the lives of several YouTube personalities, and taken up a vibrant interest in brewing his own kombucha.”
“Uh, like a planned thing?" Dean says with no small amount of dread, stomach sinking as he mentally sorts through the various cargo ships of baggage they have between them. He pulls the car out of the gravel parking lot, now wide-awake and vaguely nauseous. "You got something you wanna get off your chest?”
“And you don’t appreciate the teasing because - because the subject matter makes you uncomfortable.” Cas’ gaze drops from his.
“Except for when you’re about to drive into a tornado. Or Sam is about to jump out of a poorly-inspected plane. If you could refrain from doing either again, I’d appreciate it, but I’ll still come whenever you need me,” Cas says, his hands curled around the edge of the dock and within such easy touching distance.
They head off toward the hanger, as Dean and Sam walk back toward Jody’s truck, footfalls sending up little puffs of dust where they land. His eyes are stinging with it, a fine layer coating his sweaty face. Goddamn boondocks.
“Well, no, but I have...died. Since then. So. Family law and most major religions of the world would say that takes care of that,” Cas says as he smooths out a wrinkle in the trenchcoat folded over his lap.
Cas takes one of his hands in his, bringing it to his face and kissing the middle of his palm, and oh god, Dean is not going to survive this. Or, more accurately, how did he ever survive the
Cas works a hand between their bodies, grip tight on Dean’s dick and Dean lets his head fall to Cas’ shoulder, mouth open and hot against his skin as they rock together.
Cas knows the limits of his gag reflex perfectly by now, and he knows Dean likes a challenge. So he fucks in and out of his mouth right on the perfect edge of too much, and Dean takes it and takes it and loves it so much. His eyes are watering and spit trails out of the side of his mouth as he picks up the speed of his hand on his dick.
“Uh, this one is pretty good,” he admits. “Throw in a slice of strawberry rhubarb pie from that place up in Brainerd and movie night back at the bunker with Sam and Jack, and I’m set.”
Dean turns from where he’s stuffing t-shirts and boxers into his duffel and does a double take at the two-day scruff on Cas’ face. It looks...good. Mostly-human Cas usually looks good.
He orders one, and Dean asks for a re-up on his whiskey. It’s lucky that the motel is next door; he’s pretty sure he’s well on his way to toasted. By the subtle tinge of pink to Cas’ cheeks, he knows he’s not alone.
“‘Tell your partner what you like about them,’” Cas says then. “‘Be very honest this time, saying things that you might not say to someone you’ve just met.’”
Dean tips his head back, eyes open to the roof of the Impala. “I’m sorry I was gonna fuck all that up too. Maybe not right away, but eventually. Losing you again was gonna make me sloppy, make me reckless.”
“Dean, everything okay?” Sam asks, picking up on the second ring like he’s been waiting by the phone. They always did have a bit of a second sense about one another. Thank god for that.
"I know that, Jesus, it's just..." Dean sits down on the coffee table across from him, their knees almost brushing.
He sees the moment Dean’s ears start to go pink, his eyes darting away as he catches Cas’ meaning. He’s going to let Dean bring it up. Perhaps, he never will.
“So, just you and me, then,” Dean says, with six unique expressions contained in one quirk of his mouth. “Here we go.”
Dean laughs, shaking his head. He finishes up his coffee and squeezes Cas' shoulder as he heads to the sink with his dishes. Dried egg yolk is a bitch to clean if it's left to sit.
“Don’t worry, you are no more akin to a single-celled microorganism than the average person. Can you - go back to...”
It’s as he’s tapping the steering wheel to the freight train rhythm of “Walk the Line,” Cas humming along beside him, that he remembers what they were talking about before.
He’s relieved when he sees a worn sign advertising accommodations three miles west. The conversation goes quiet as he takes the next exit, and then he’s pulling Baby in front of the motel office. He can't think of anything to say, but he’s itching to touch Cas again. He settles for clapping a hand on Cas' shoulder before he gets out of the car. If he lets it linger a little longer than necessary, he hopes that gets the message across.
Dean wakes to Cas pressing kisses to the back of his neck, one of his legs slotted between Dean’s, and his dick against Dean’s ass. Coffee would be good, but all in all, this isn’t a bad way to start the day. Dean arches back against him, and Cas hums against his skin.
The drive to the diner is quiet, they’re both clearly wrung out from hauling 300 pounds of lizard whatever-the-fuck through the woods. Dean catches Cas’ eyes sliding shut as he parks the car.
“However,” Cas adds, “Those fireproof gloves you keep in the trunk for burning bones might come in handy. The raspberry thicket is quite overgrown, after all. Some of the fruit may be hard to reach. Things could get...prickly.”
Dean touches the edge of a blue blanket labeled as “OVERSIZED ULTRA MICROPLUSH” as Cas drifts over to stand beside him.
“Uh, alright. Want me to walk you through it?” Dean asks, conscious of the way his dick is filling up against the mattress at having Cas’ weight on his. Cas doesn’t have to know.
A third finger. That one’s a stretch, the best kind. Dean lets out a long, slow breath, hiking his knees up to give Cas more room to work.
“In, you can put it in, come on. I can take it.” At the sharp cessation of Cas’ efforts, he corrects. “I mean - that’s what I want.”
And, Cas supposes, that’s true, in a way. Nothing is different, Cas’ feelings are as implacable and permanent as always, the warmth of Dean’s care for him coming through loud and clear over the phone. It’s all he needs. Maybe not all he
Cas uses his free hand to reach for Dean’s face, pushing him back just enough to take in the glazed, lust-soaked look in his eyes before he dips the tip of his finger inside. Dean’s eyes slip closed, his mouth open as he lets out one long, slow breath.
“Please say that’s some new position you wanna try,” Dean hedges, reaching a hand back so he can card it through Cas’ hair as he slides his ass along Cas’ cock. That usually works.
“Jesus Christ, Cas,” Dean gasps, letting go only to grip Cas’ hips and push back inside as Cas groans and arches his back.
“Uh...” Dean’s got at least six lies on the tip of his tongue, anything to get Cas to stop looking at him with that goddamn worried expression. But maybe, for once, he should try the truth instead. “Just, I got in my own head, I guess. Kind of felt like this was a one-shot thing for a second,” Dean answers, rubbing at the back of his neck and closing his eyes for a second, sure he’s ruined things and Cas is about to say that maybe Dean should go back to his own room and they'll talk about this again in another eleven-slash-one million years.
When Dean rounds the corner, Cas is kneeling in the dirt. He smiles into the beam of Dean's flashlight, holding up a glossy, red strawberry.
“That’s a two day drive, goddammit,” Dean interjects. “I’ll check the Greyhound schedules - we can meet somewhere in the middle.”
“Shit.” Dean regrets the second waffle, as he imagines the worst of the shit Cas no-doubt saw, especially fresh off Allistair’s rack as he was back then.
“You’re not doing that anymore though,” Dean says, yawning. “You gotta stay alive so you can fuck me.”
“Yours, Cas.” He laces their fingers together where Cas’ palm is heavy against his chest, kisses his knuckles. It’s sappy and he doesn’t care, he just hopes it gets the point across. “You gotta know that.”
He shuffles into the kitchen, and is greeted by a steaming plate of breakfast on the counter. Eggs and bacon, and familiar-looking berries from the night before. He hears Sam’s voice from the war room.
Dean rolls on his side to face him. "Well, we've got pretty unlimited funds these days, so...what do you have in mind? Unless, you mean - " Dean's brain starts running scenarios. "You wanna try a threesome? We can do that. Role-play?" Dean shudders, thinking of Casifer and Michael and Leviathan. "Actually, I take that one back. Bondage? Spanking?"
“You thought I’d pull my punches?” Cas says consideringly. “So, as I was saying, you’re conscientious. Please don’t think I haven’t noticed that you change the Continental’s oil every 5,000 miles on the dot. Or that you always buy Sam his oversized bags of carrots for juicing even though they take up the fridge’s entire produce drawer.”
Even wilder is the knowledge that this is having an effect on Dean too. He can feel the way Dean is trembling now, how uneven his breaths have become. The only words from Dean’s mouth are the occasional curse and a slurred version of his name, and Cas doesn’t need to be able to read his mind to know he’s not thinking of anything else. Then, Dean’s dick slides just right, behind his balls and evocative of something else they could be doing. From the way Dean goes still on a choked-off gasp, Cas knows he feels that potential too. It’d be easy to take this further, and he wants to, he desperately, desperately wants to, but...
They get lost in that for a while, Dean’s leg finding its way over Cas’ hip, moving together until Cas pulls away, just a bit. When Dean lets out some kind of nonverbal complaint, Cas is enough of an asshole to grin at him.
Dean shudders, hands tightening on Cas’ hips as he bodily fucks Cas’ cock into his mouth to keep a grip on reality.
“Oh, I was referring to the material claim Cas has on your physical and metaphysical form. The two of you have essentially been married for quite some time. A belated congratulations to you both!”
“It is a challenge to narrow it to just one thing,” Cas says, dabbing at a dot of sour cream at the corner of his mouth with a napkin. “But if I had to, I’d say mutual forgiveness. The ability to grow and move forward after shared trauma.”
“If he could be summoned, he’d already be here, right?” That’s what he needs to believe, anyway. He gives the neighboring pot of simmering beans a stir and doesn’t elaborate, hoping Sam just understands.
The tavern next to the motel is little more than a door in a concrete block wall, a neon Budweiser sign in what passes for a window. Dean flashes him a skeptical look before they head inside, but Cas holds out hope that more than 800 positive reviews for its signature stuffed burgers can’t be wrong.
“So this is what you’re like in bed, huh,” Dean says with a laugh, peering at him from under the arm still slung across his eyes.
, you would take what I said with you. How good you are, how caring, how loved, because I’d told you so. It was supposed to make a difference.”
“That thing you were gonna tell me last night? The quality or ability or whatever that you wish you had?”
“And your fortuitous resilience in the face of unending personal trauma justifies your father’s negligence?” Cas says, grip tight around his glass.
He expects sleep to come quickly. It did last night in the motel, after all. And here, there are no strange smells, no highway noise, no mysterious stains.
He eyes the free space next to Cas. It’s going to be a bit of a tight fit - the bunker’s standard full-size beds weren’t really designed for double occupancy. And in the seven years he and Sam (and sometimes Cas and sometimes Jack) have lived here, he’s never shared his bed with anyone. An underground bunker thirty miles from the nearest paved road isn’t exactly the kind of place to bring someone home to.
“Better broken and glued back together as my own creation than an unthinking tool of heaven. I don’t miss it, Dean.”
“How’d you -” Dean tries to look at him, but Cas kneads at the tight muscles in the back of his neck in a show of skillfully applied distraction and Dean’s eyes slip closed involuntarily.
Dean sips his coffee. Cas adds what he's been informed is an obscene amount of sugar and cream to his own before doing the same. The baklava is delicious.
“They say that skin-on-skin contact is the most efficient means of preventing hypothermia,” Dean hedges, tugging on Cas’ thigh until it’s hitched around his waist.
Cas whimpers at the coupled stimulation, hand gripping at Dean’s hair as he covers his eyes with his other arm, “Ah!”
Cas sighs and secedes. He should really be thanking Hannah, but her pushing him out only verifies that his emotions are taking control. The idea was to take his mind off of Dean by working, but Hannah pointing out that he wasn’t really working was a visible mark that nothing could distract him now.
Castiel snorted and Dean joined his laughter. They looked at each other, and then Castiel turned his head to look up at the trees above.
“Dean,” the teacher continued after a pause, “Is there anything you’d like to tell us about yourself?”
“Jesus, if you want to talk about me then just do it!” Claire states with a roll of her eyes as she passes them to corner Jack. They chat as Cas turns to Jody and Donna with mugs of coffee and breakfast. They always come here right when Cas opens, it’s just a part of the routine and it sets his nerves to ease. Cas also thinks it’s a good break from Jody and Donna’s morning patrol, being two out of the five in the town’s police force.
Dean lost his breath at the mirroring of words he had been so embarrassed to have spilled out of him earlier. They sounded better coming from Castiel. He could only manage to breathe out: “Oh, Cas-”
The freckles got closer, and Castiel let go of Dean, backing up so he could glance at the dangerously appealing lips before they were out of sight; less of a vision and more of a sensation against him. Castiel’s heart pounded, and he tried to move away. Dean’s fingers pinched the sweats at Castiel’s hips, and that patch of skin tingled to the point of submission.
“Cas, buddy, you live like two minutes away,” Bart reassures. Cas sucks in his breath. He had been trying to help Jack’s anxiety, but maybe it was himself that needed the help. Another thing to worry about, Cas supposes. Bart continues, “We got it. Go take a breather. Everything will be here by the time you get back.”
Castiel bit his lip. He lifted the back of his hand to cover his eyes to hide his embarrassment, “Ugh. I snuck out without thinking about how to get back in... I need to get back on the roof somehow.”
He’s damning himself while getting a spoon and Jack grabs the cereal when he adds, “I’ll make us sandwiches too. To, y’know, make up for the ‘accident.’”
Cas wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders, not allowing him to pull away. He feels Dean smile against his lips and Cas moves down to nibbling Dean’s jaw. Dean maneuvers the lube between them and the back of Dean’s hand strokes against his thigh.
“Hey,” Dean felt like they had some reporte now, so he steps forward as he tries to level with the kid, “Why did you stick up for me back there?”
Castiel made his way to his locker in the hall. He was about to change his books for the day and go have lunch on the field by himself. But first he was supposed to meet Anna. She had promised to meet him here around this time so he could return her essay.
He bites his lip and looks over to the little radio and multi-media unit that has been a part of the diner as long as Cas has owned it. The unit has a small cassette deck, which is nifty for Cas’s slow slip into a world of self pity.
Castiel heard some paper ripping and he looked over as Dean scooted closer to him. Castiel’s muscles froze as Dean reached forward. But Dean reached him, and Castile felt something cold and moist against his forehead. Dean wasn’t too close, focusing on Castiel’s forehead as he tried wiping at the blood.
Castiel was only expecting it to be Dean and Ash, but out of all the people that could have shown up he was glad it was someone he knew from childhood. He smiled, “How’s Ellen?”
He’d helped Castiel redress as he did the same, attempting to wipe away the mess of Castiel’s semen. Dean thought he’d successfully subdued a shaking Castiel by kissing him while doing all this. God, kissing Castiel was so good. He’d fooled around with a few girls by then, but none of their mouths or skin had made him cum in front of them. Castiel had that power though, and kissing him sober was a lot more enjoyable than his fuck up that one drunken night that later had sent him into a mental tailspin.
Dean started chugging and all the others followed suit. Jo put down the beer first. Ash kept going, eyeing Dean from the side. He put down his beer and Ash quickly followed. Castiel was the last, but he found all his beer was gone.
“Thank you,” the teacher replied admiringly. Castiel cringed, but just hoped he flew under the radar.
“We just had to read it, Dean, no need to be dramatic,” Castiel chastised, but couldn’t resist smiling over to his friend.
Castiel grunted, but held back the cough that wanted to escape. The kick pushed Castiel over to his back. He stayed on the ground, propped by his shaking elbow as he eyed down his assaulters.
“Are you serious? I said I wanted to see you,” Dean replies stubbornly, his eyes staying on Cas’s, “Don’t you believe me?”
“Dean-” Castiel whispered before Dean swallowed his words. Dammit, he couldn’t help himself - Castiel was like a magnet. And Castiel must have felt somewhat similarly, because he was kissing Dean back. Dean cupped Castiel’s face, deepening the kiss as he felt Castiel move his arms around Dean’s topless torso.
“Yeah, well, uh, actually...” the man begins, his voice catching at an awkward chuckle that escapes him. Cas’s eyes squint in suspicion, wondering what the hell is up with this guy.
Castiel went to the side of the gym and turned off the lights. The gym was thrown into a deep darkness, and Castiel looked up through the windows. The moon slipped in and out of view through the thicket of moving clouds.
Castiel looked at his sister for a moment before looking back down at her chemistry homework. He thought about Dean - a junior like himself - being in sophomore chemistry class. He wondered if these rumors were true, but shook himself off that thought. Instead he blinked at the assignment at hand and merely said to Anna, “It’s only a rumor. Anyway, you should just worry about yourself.”
The only reason Cas had given him his address and a time was Dean flattered him into submission. Cas couldn’t deny that Dean had also been on his mind since their time together in the back alley. But he would never have been in this situation in the first place if Dean had just kept on trucking and never come back to Cas’s diner.
Each run through of that week back in his junior year of high school brings another golden nugget of a detail Cas had forgotten about. Although his behavior at times made him cringe, he can’t help but relive it anyway.
When Jack came home he let the thoughts of Dean fall into the back of his mind. Jack ate and did his homework at the bartop, chatting with Cas about his AP courses and a new science experiment they were doing in class. Jack helped close the diner, as he did every weekday after finishing his homework, and then Cas went up with Jack to his loft to make dinner.
Sweat drips from Dean’s face down onto Cas’s forehead, mingling with his own beads of perspiration. Dean runs his hand through Cas’s hair, moaning, “Lord, you’re so beautiful. Why did you have to be so beautiful?”
“I said don’t move,” Castiel warned, looking over to Dean seriously. Dean laid back down obediently. Castiel continued out the door, saying, “I’ll be right back.”
Dean wondered numbly if he actually hadn’t even woken up at all and this was all just a pleasant dream. Castiel’s fingers began to slip, tugging the cloth down daringly. Dean couldn’t stop looking at Castiel - it’s not like he’d ever been blown before, and he didn’t have to think much about his answer, “Uh, hell yeah.”
“Oh, just anybody Met talks to,” Meg grins. Cas wants to die; Met was the town gossip and had a talent for spreading rumors like wildfire.
“Eh, don’t mention it,” Bobby grumbles, setting the book he’d been reading on his lap to the counter next to him, “By the way, I got the Peterbilt out back. Did you want to check ‘er out?”
Jack directs Dean around the town more than Cas does, pointing out spots and sharing with Dean things he’s done there or what they are. It seems like he really loves Bootbock, like it’s a home for him. Dean wonders what that must feel like, vicariously marveling at the youth’s enthusiasm at a cracked sidewalk where Cas and him watch the Fourth of July parade every year.
That all soon ends though, as Dean stops and then Cas is in free fall. He makes a small gasp as he lands on his comforters, eyes wide and looking up at Dean through the dimmed darkness, crawling up on the edge of the bed to straddle Cas’s waist.
“Oh,” Cas says, feet fidgeting with a flight response. He huffs out with no trace of friendliness, “Crazy. Well, good to see you again. Safe travels.”
A hand grabbed at the back of Castiel’s backpack. Al spun Castiel around and kneed him in the groin. Castiel lost his breath as he fell to his knees, fireworks of pain ricocheting through his pelvis. But there was no reprieve as Al took Castiel’s arm and heaved him to his feet.
Dean is still lying backwards on the bed, his arm covering his face. Cas tosses the towel onto Dean’s body, collapsing on the bed laying the other way. He buries his face into the pillow, hoping beyond reasonability that Dean will quietly clean up and show himself the door.
Cas hears Dean grunt before feeling him move on the bed. There’s a sound of rifling and then Dean sighs heavily, “Shit. It’s already five.”
Castiel blushed. He didn’t know how to take the compliment. Honestly, he’d also forgotten how to breathe.
Benny thumbs at Cas and Meg beside him and Rufus takes a quick glance before continuing to make the drink. He says clearly and casually, “I think he should just call him.”
Cas’s eyes bulge and his pulse accelerates. Fuck. It couldn’t be… But Cas already knows it’s true and his throat feels as if it’s being choked by some anonymous force. Cas’s brow relaxes and he tries to play it cool. He replies coldly, “Do I know you?”
Cas places the mug too harshly on a tray, but manages to quietly ask Gadreel to wait the table with the three veterans.
“Fuck that,” Dean ignored the screaming pain in his back as he forced his way back into Castiel’s space. He tried to push against Dean’s chest but didn’t seem to be putting any real effort into it. Dean just wanted Castiel close to him, looking at him, as he said his piece: “If you don’t want to be with me because you really don’t like me, then fine. But if it’s for this bullshit reason, then forget it. I’m not giving up on you like that.”
“Sundays are slow after the church rush,” Cas observes, “Besides, I think the diner will survive one day without us.”
Dean’s fingers lost their hold in Castiel’s hair. He didn’t think he’d ever have the energy to open his eyes ever again, could hardly stand on his own two feet.
“Well, like you did with Raul when he first started,” Coach Singer continued, “Would you be able to stay after for a couple hours? Dean’s already agreed to put in the time.”
That was… thoughtful. Dean swallowed past a whole bundle of emotions, staring at a calmed  Castiel. Dammit, Dean hated that he was still so excitable.
Castiel took a deep breath but maintained his eye contact with Ash, “Well… You’ve never been with a girl, so how do you know you’re straight?”
“Dean, I’m--” Cas cuts himself off to hiccup a moan as Dean roughens his thrusts, pounding over and over into Cas’s lump of a prostate. He has to swallow and regain some breath before he can finish, “I’m so close.”
“In the clear!” Ash finished, coming out of the other room fully dressed, “Yeah! Let’s get this party started!”
He heard the chain come off the door, and turned around with explosive concern as the door creaked open. His thoughts screeched to a halt as he heard Anna greet loudly: “Oh, hey Dean!”
“Just do yourself a favor and stop talking to me,” Castiel finally said, tugging his shirt and hoodie over his head.
Cas moans back, taking one hand and stroking Dean’s cock. Dean slaps Cas’s ass, and oh, fuck! That’s what Cas needed.
Castiel felt a magnetism towards Dean, as if there were some invisible string pulling them together.
Castiel walked past them, avoiding looking at anyone as he rounded the corner and brushed past Ash. Castiel was going into the gym as he heard Ash ask Dean, “Hey, we’re all going to Cus’s Place after practice. You in?”
The light stings as Cas flips the switch in the bathroom across the hall. He runs the faucet cold and splashes the water over his sweaty face. He feels sober, almost pure.
Dean was sitting down on the bench, eyes trailing over Castiel’s body. His eyes made their way up to meet his own gaze, a surprised brow shot up once their eyes met. He looked guilty for a moment, Castiel thought, which confused him. Dean opened his mouth, then paused; a toothy, handsome smile spread easily and he said, “Hey-a.”
Trying to shake it off, Cas puts his best foot forward as he takes an order pad and approaches the man’s table.
“I’m not going to drop everything whenever you have a second to stop in,” Cas stands his ground, glaring back over to Dean, “I’m not one of your lot lizards.”
Dean spits on his hand and moves it to Cas’s asshole. They moan together. Cas feels Dean’s lips smile against his, asking, “Will we ever make it to the bed?”
Dean looked over to him, a little surprised. Castiel’s eyes narrowed in confusion. Dean cleared his throat and looked off again, shrugging, “I mean, what could I say? She seemed like she wanted to get serious or something.”
Castiel didn’t seem to be listening anymore, eyes drooped half closed as he stared at Dean’s lips. Dean blushed and exhaled nervously at Castiel's silence. The boy moved back into Dean’s space, capturing his lips as his thumbs dug between Dean’s shirt and waistband to press into his skin.
Dean’s anger flared and he ripped Drex’s pillow out from under his head. He didn’t wake up or protest, but Dean felt it too cruel to take their comforter too. Instead, he grabbed his leather coat  and trudged over to the “couch.” He didn’t even look at it before he was doing an awkward belly flop on to the tough cushions.
He lived in a full house of his brothers and sisters. Their dad was away on another book tour, and Luci was in charge of his younger siblings. That meant that the house was a wreck.
Dean smiled into the sheets, proud of how much Castiel’s sass showed - he wore it well. But the smile soon dissipated as the reality behind Ash’s words hit him like a guilty sentence by a blind jury. It connected through his foggy consciousness that Drex was leaving with Ash and he was going to be all alone with Castiel, in a motel room, getting a massage.
“Cas!” Dean’s voice calls louder. Cas whips around, and fixes Dean with a murderous gaze. Dean is looking at him, face unreadable but eyes shining.
Dean observed through the dim light that Castiel’s face was redder than usual. It was pretty cold outside and Castiel wasn’t wearing a hat, but it still hit him as unusual. He swallowed back his scrutiny and held up the room key to Castiel as a response. If possible, Castiel seemed to get even redder. Dean smirked - Castiel really was bad about getting locked out, Dean decided - but had to look away in order to form words, “Could ask you the same thing.”
Dean’s hardly come to a stop before Jack hops in the back seat. He’s giddy, looking all over the interior, “Woah, Dean, this car was yours?! It’s so cool!”
It’s been a long time since Cas had someone in his bed. A long time… A very, very, very long time. And that had been alright with Cas because he was taking care of Jack. He doesn’t want Jack to end up like his blood father and Cas’s brother, Lucifer, who is still deep in federal prison. He needs all the attention and guidance Cas can give.
“That’s the joke! Gah,” Cas laughs. The laughter really does sail Dean to sleep this time - the best sound in the world.
Dean cut through the squat parking lot, weaving through the sleeping cars towards the edge of the property. Like most small town establishments in Kansas, the hotel was surrounded by some brush and wild trees. This particular place had a sizable wild pond in the back, the stilled murky water clearly reflecting the bright full moon above in the cloudless sky. Dean had a mysterious notion in his gut that Castiel would be near there, so he began to approach the treeline running up to the brush.
He heaves himself off the bed and winces. Cas is very, very sore. He sits back at the edge of his bed and looks out the window. He blinks and looks down at his clock on the nightstand. It’s already 6:30, and Cas has to hurry and head down to the diner.
Anna shook her head, “I can’t help if other people want to tell me things! They think it’s interesting, and in this case it is.”
Dean leaves the bathroom door cracked open for any subsequent steam. Firstly, he gets out his toothbrush to just get that out of the way. He then turns the shower faucet and let’s it run to get hot as he deftly undresses, being careful of his injuries and setting his arm brace on the sink’s counter. He gives himself a cursory glance in the mirror’s reflection - his hairy, bruised and battered face’s reflection staring back - but he can’t stand what he sees for too long.
It had been a month since the night before the party. As Castiel expected, Dean hadn’t brought up their drunken kiss. But although Dean was jovial and inclusive as ever with Castiel when they were in a group, he and Dean no longer spent any time alone. Everytime people were leaving, Dean would leave with them.
Castiel moaned. He felt Castiel’s cock get tauter, and he moved to the side just as Castiel said in one big gust, “Dean. You’re going to make me cum.”
Castiel didn’t get a chance to ask Ash anything else though as Jo came back and tossed a pack of cards onto the table.
Still dark out, Dean’s low lights illuminate the small, deserted roads of another humble small town in Missouri, tucked away in canopied hills of trees and sinister kudzu vine. He navigates to the on ramp and speeds along the highway.
Dean nearly spits back out the whiskey he’d just sipped as Bobby goes from zero to a hundred. Dean is convinced the old man is attempting to kill him tonight with all these crazy sensitive topics. He shoots the old man a glare as Bobby chuckles, “Well? Have ya?”
Not long after night fell, Dean’s eyes began to droop. He lay down inside the circle, wrapping the wool blanket around him, his legs curled up tight against his chest.
Sam stared down at the circular bruises, crusted with half-drying blood, on his brother’s wrists. “Yeah. I would.” Sam glared, looking back up at Dean. “And I wouldn’t treat like a
“He said he went to Saint Mary’s Church to pay Father DeMatteo and Bishop Tamsen a visit. Whatever that means.”  Dean sighed as he started the Impala, backing it out of the driveway.
The heat beneath Jesus' skin began to swirl like a sandstorm. His hands clenched into fists. “Unclean spirits,” he yelled, his voice trembling with rage. “Leave him.”
“Whatever.”  Dean rolled his eyes as they made their way out of the building and down the steps. “At least we got a confirmation of demons and where there’s demons, there’s Sam. ” As Dean was making his way across the parking lot, a pain began in the back of his head, but quickly moved to his temples. It was dull at first, but then turned throbbing and sharp like a knife. His head spun and his stomach turned.
“Castiel.” Uriel let out an annoyed breath as he went about inspecting the area. “I see you finally decided to join me.”
“Lucifer’s got her cloaked. Same with Sam.” Dean raised his voice, drumming his hand on the steering wheel.
In one quick motion, Anna pulled the blade out. Uriel collapsed to the floor with a deafening scream as a bright white light spread out from his mouth and eyes. Grace emanated from his body, exploding with a sudden burst of energy that completely flooded the sanctuary with blinding white light.
“No!” Dean rasped, pulling himself out of the brush. Before the light faded, he could see the shadow of Castiel’s frame- limp and motionless- slump to the ground.
::  MTV Unplugged In New York is a live recording of Nirvana's performance for MTV's 'Unplugged' done in November of 1993. It was Nirvana's first album release following Kurt Cobain's death in April of 1994.
Shortly after sundown, Castiel heard Judas pray a quiet and resigned ‘yes’. After that, Judas was silent.  Suppressed.
“The Future,” Zachariah replied easily. “I had a feeling that even after learning the reality of the situation that you were going to be stubborn. So think of this as a ‘taste’ of what’s going to happen to you if you
“The last great angelic war and ultimately why we were barred from manifesting on Earth— until now.”
After a few minutes, Ruby climbed out of bed, her wounds already half healed. Sam watched as she walked into the bathroom. He lay there quietly, listening to the shower turn on.
“Get up or I’ll make you get up.” The officer placed his hands on a pair of handcuffs. “Or I can bring you down to the station and you can sleep in a cell. How does that sound?”
Dean was walking out of Walgreens, a plastic shopping bag with three packs of Christmas lights inside when he heard a sound. A sound he was dreading. A person speaking into a megaphone echoing from the sidewalk just beyond the parking lot.
Sam drifted, the fog of the blood in his veins mixing with sated exhaustion. He closed his eyes; listening to Ruby’s quiet, even breathing next to him.
caring about me. I want him to pick another son,” Dean snapped, his voice tinged heavy with fear and anger.
“What about it?” Dean scoffed. “I told him I wasn’t gonna go all Sherman’s March on the Earth and I’m not. There’s nothing
to heal Sam. That was the very first thing I did after I found out. It didn’t work.” Dean stared down at his hands. “I did the whole laying on of hands thing and nothing happened. In fact, the only thing that
Dean’s eyes moved wildly around the church, looking for her. He sank to his knees, tears streaming down his face. He closed his eyes; he could still smell her sweet perfume, but after a moment that was gone, too, replaced by the smell of roses.
Alastair chuckled, grabbing Dean by his jacket, the leather scrunching between his fingers. “You know, we always knew about Sammy; Azazel’s Favorite, the Prodigy, the Boy King,
“The Roman Prefect,” Castiel explained. “Even if he wasn’t possessed, Pontius Pilate would have no qualms putting a would-be messiah who caused a near riot in The Temple to death. He’s killed far more for less.”
Suddenly, Dean’s lungs filled with burning pressure and his ankles and wrists began to throb, the flesh twisting against the nails. Dean choked back the sobs with a sharp cry as he wiped the tears away with his stiff fingers.  He looked down at his wrists and the blood saturated gauze that wrapped them and slowly lowered them into his lap. He leaned back against the wall and closed his eyes.
The bartender nodded, grabbing the bottle. “Here you go, Faulkner,” she said, putting a low ball glass in front of Dean and pouring the alcohol into it. The bartender had barely pulled the bottle away when Dean picked the glass up, knocking back half of it.
All too quickly, the feeling of serenity was replaced with anxiety, and the comforting warmth became blistering, arid heat. Dean could feel his heart racing, and he broke out into a cold sweat.
“It’s okay, angel,” Mary cooed. A sad smile spread across her face she walked over to him. “I’m here.” She cupped Dean’s face in her hands briefly before she placed them delicately on his temples. He felt a sharp tug that made him wince as the poking pressure eased itself around his head.
Just before reaching the pulpit, Dean stopped. He planted his feet firmly against the wooden floor, taking a deep breath, and didn’t remove his eyes from the ceiling. “If you want me to stay in here and die, I can do that too.”
Dean found himself standing on a well kept but rocky hiking trail. As soon as Dean’s feet touched the ground, he collapsed to his knees, retching and gagging.
A small ripple moved under her fingers as Mary felt a nudge—loving, but powerful—against her belly. Her breath caught in her throat at the feel of it.
Kneeling in between her thighs, Sam picked up the blade, cutting her once across the labia. He surged forward, licking over her slit. Slick and blood and sulfur mixed on his tongue and his knees buckled. He reached down, stroking his cock in time with the flicks to her clit over and over until both were wet and trembling with need.
inside of me that I can’t get rid of. This evil was forced upon me. It killed our mom and ruined our lives.” Sam’s eyes filled with tears. “The only way I can make that better, the only hope of salvation I have, is by making some good come out of it whichever way that I can. If that means drinking blood in order to get demons out of innocent people, then so be it.”
He turned the shower on, taking the rest of his clothes and bandages off before lowering himself into the base of the tub. His knees pressed against his chest, the hot water stinging as it struck against his forehead and ran down his back.
Dean took a deep breath as he walked out of the motel, closing the door behind him. He walked over to the Impala, opening the trunk and placing the tie and trench coat inside it.
Then the sound of clapping echoed throughout the church. Dean turned to find a balding man dressed in a suit standing in the center aisle.
, with ugliness and tears and shrill screams and a reluctance to give up his soul. He watched Dean die as a
