“But… I live with an alpha,” John said. “He’ll bite me. I’ll – I’ll be bonded.”
Sherlock’s head snapped over. “What?”
“Mr Watson was admitted to hospital at Location 277 where he was receiving treatment for a gunshot wound to the shoulder. As a result of this treatment, he was strapped into his hospital bed to prevent him from accidentally injuring himself further. What Mr Mayhew found was not an omega writhing in heat-induced discomfort, but instead an injured man strapped to a bed, and unable to escape his unwanted advances.” Miss Ali sniffed delicately. “Page four of our evidence file shows the scale of the injuries Mr Mayhew inflicted upon Mr Watson during the next hour. One hour, in which an immense amount of damage was done to Mr Watson’s arms, hands, his already-injured shoulder, and – since the strappings on the bed prevented him from moving his legs or hips – the more intimate areas of his body.”
“It’s true, though.” Sherlock crossed his ankles on the bed. He held a hand out. “Hand it over, then.”
“That’d be great, thank you,” John smiled. “You’re Sherlock’s… father?”
“That’s some serious self-restraint.”
John almost dropped the file. “Holmes? Sherlock?”
He lay awake, for a long time.
“Thanks,” John snorted.
John was quiet for a long while. "Is that why you think you're a monster? For getting your revenge like that?"
John nodded, inhaling deeply, tasting the scents of blood and sweat and omega slick in the air. He tried not to focus on the blood smell, and instead knelt down beside Sherlock, touching his knee. “Good thinking, getting on your ball.”
“Am I dismissed?” Sherlock asked, sadly.
John laughed. “Is that ok, though? What I said?”
"I'm sure he won't be long, if you want to wait?"
“Ok, but, that doesn’t make sense. You want a mate?”
“I don’t need anything,” Sherlock poured him a cup of tea. “I like treating you.”
“I should hope so.” The boy flapped the note. “I won’t be here tomorrow, I’m afraid.”
Sherlock took his hands from his face. “Oh…”
“What can I get you, dear?” the porter asked, brandishing a pair of tongs.
“Here,” John gave him the pencil again. “Try to write it?”
She didn’t smile, and neither did her alpha mate, who put a hand on her waist, and looked John over as if he was some sort of threat.
Sherlock felt every touch, every press, every squeeze. He heard himself plead with Magnussen to be gentle with him, he heard himself gasp in pain and fright, he heard the low rumble of Magnussen’s voice ordering him to
does,” John said. “If we bond, I stop being me, I can’t decide my own medical treatment or tell what secrets I think need telling. It’s not fair!”
“Rugby?” John squeaked, looking up at the frankly enormous alpha teacher. “Um, I haven’t –”
‘Living with Mycroft? It could be worse, I suppose.’ Sherlock turned a page, and pointed at a random question.
“Get these off,” Sherlock shoved at the trousers slipping down John’s thighs, and John moaned in frustration as he had to step back out of Sherlock’s touch in over to get his trousers all the way off.
“John… I am sorry,” Mycroft said again.
“Yes.”
There was a queue on the Science stairs – the doors to the upper levels hadn’t been opened yet, and there were a lot of children milling about. Sherlock and John leaned against the wall on the ground floor, waiting patiently for the bell.
Lestrade, drunk and depressed and afraid, in the pub. Spending Christmas alone.
“Only when it comes to certain things.”
“Oh!” Sherlock snatched his hand away.
Sherlock shook his head. “No, I… didn’t.”
“An omega boy,” Cam repeated. “And therefore almost priceless. If people can be bought. Ha! As if they are goods, I mean. Not in a business sense.”
“Is it bad?” Sherlock must have noticed his expression.
And Sherlock is coming, seemingly helplessly, his cock throbbing in John’s grip, come splattering his skin, running down John’s fingers to lubricate his motions so his own climax comes not a moment later in a half-sobbed groan of release.
“…and smiled, I suppose. Not even a proper smile.”
“Do you play, at all?”
He sat up, shakily, pushing himself upright, Sherlock’s fingers staying inside him as he did so, straddling Sherlock’s hips, his own cock jutting in need, Sherlock’s larger one on the alpha’s stomach, twitching, and glistening at the glans, visible even in the dark of the room.
The implication of what John was saying echoed around the silent room.
John relaxed, slightly. “So… what were you doing?”
“Ow,” John said, letting Sherlock go. “Fuck… you ok?”
“This is my mate, Violet,” Siger introduced the lady, who bobbed a curtsey, and nodded at John’s parents, but didn’t try and shake hands.
"Yes, I do. Will you take her into custody?"
‘This… this isn’t how we were supposed to meet. We should have gone to St Ives. And we should have… had time together. Arguments. Plans. Something... went wrong.’
“…yes. He’s a detective. And a friend. We’re fortunate, really, that he picked up the case. If Siger is accusing me of kidnap, things could become extremely difficult.”
“Depends who I’m talking to,” the inspector shrugged, indicating Sherlock’s seat. He took his own on the opposite side of the table, and switched on the recorder. “Detective Inspector G. Lestrade, interviewing suspect #878 on suspicion of theft. Please state your name?”
From his bedroom, he listened to John take off his coat and shoes, and go into the kitchen. Heard him open the fridge and sigh in annoyance, go to the cupboard and take out a glass, run the tap so the water was cold, fill the glass, silence as he drank.
“Oh, fuck,” John moaned, gripping Sherlock’s shoulders hard as the moderately thicker tentacle pressed within him. He forced himself to bear down, to take it inside, but Sherlock was kind – he kept his tentacle slender as it pushed inside – deeper than John thought possible, until it stopped, apparently gone far enough. John looked into Sherlock’s face. The siren was looking at him in wonder as John caught his breath, his spread-open arse stuffed full of a hectocotylus that was gently throbbing and pulsing, unable to ever be still.
“Mmf,” Sherlock snuggled into his pillow, and turned over, giving John the chance to be the big spoon, and hold him close. Sherlock tensed for a moment, then relaxed, remembering. “M’ning…”
“Why were you looking in your wallet before you were going to tell me you were pregnant?”
At least he wasn’t going to be late for his first day. An argument would have been most inconvenient.
, and
John shook his head. “That’s messed up.”
“You hugged him.”
That would be strange.
‘Ah, well. That’s different. Sometimes it really is better the devil you know.’ He sighed, and looked back at his laptop. ‘My betrothed, Sherlock, was ambushed and bitten two days before we were due to be joined. I’m not ashamed to say I’ve never got over it. She probably doesn’t even remember me. The best laid plans don’t always pay off, I know that. You need to plan for yourself, and no one else. A lot can happen in this world, when you least expect it.’
Sherlock gave a firmer thrust, letting out his own soft cry. “Your moods are… Uh, John…”
“Did he believe you?”
John’s solicitor, Miss Ali, turned out to be more of a miniature rottweiler in a suit than a solicitor. Barely passing five foot tall, she was a beta woman who barked orders at the underlings in her office but talked to John as though he was her best friend and always would be.
Sherlock clicked the light off and padded into the bedroom in a baggy tshirt and boxer shorts, getting under the covers quickly, snuggling into them like a nest.
“Yes…” Sherlock frowned. “Quite honestly, John, I’m not sure how much of an impact she had. A lot, would be a fair guess. I started going to see her out of my own guilt – I’d abandoned her to a prison-like hospital, and before that I’d failed to protect her from our father. A lot of the guilt I felt over you, I also felt for her. It eased my conscience to see her.”
He pushed harder, feeling the tight ring of muscle give way, and the head of his cock get inside Sherlock.
John raised his eyebrows. “Excuse me?”
Violet was always extra kind to him, when he did this.
Eurus let go of John’s wrist to wave. Her sleeve fell up, and John caught sight of fading brown bruises up her arm.
“I mean that omegas who attend university require a sponsor,” Cam said. “A mate, or parent, or friend, who promises to take responsibility for them, and their expenses. A sort of guarantor.”
John hated himself for registering it. “Sherlock…”
John shook his head.
Mycroft watched his face for a moment, then dragged the footstool over to sit on it. “Tell me.”
, but put it down to old omegas’ tales. But now…
, Sherlock thought.
He should have known that it would end like this.
At nine, John was pacing from the window to the kitchen and back again, biting his nails down to the quick, anxiety strangling his lungs and airways as he tried not to contemplate what seemed likely: Sherlock was never coming back.
“There’s a lot we don’t share with humans.” Sherlock glanced at the bathroom door. “The transformation process can go on for a long time before all vampiric characteristics are adopted.”
At each touch, Sherlock roared with pain. But it was working - the burn climbed no further. Where the cold blood soaked into his exposed muscle and flesh, it healed – the vampire’s body pushing the wet paper towel out, leaving no scar, no ridge, no mark that there had ever been a wound at all.
John remembered the ‘bang’ being very loud. More like a bomb, than a gun, going off. He remembered Sherlock’s arms clenching around him in shock. He remembered Greg lunging for the gun, getting it off Eurus as she smiled happily, the red mist in the air bloodying her face. He remembered Mycroft standing still, looking at the space where his father had stood.
The alpha drew back, quickly. “See what you do to me? See what you
Sherlock looked up, so fast his neck clicked.
“Well, we don’t. We stay at home and have babies and clean the house. That’s what we do for a job,” John kicked at the neatly raked gravel. “So, no, I –”
“Two-two-one…” Sherlock moaned as he finger-fucked himself, no longer caring for his dignity. If he’d chanced the cab with the alpha driver… He could be begging for a knot, right now.
The two alphas rang off, and John pocketed his phone before wiping his eyes.
And this was tempting.
“What’s this?” he asked.
“Not exactly, but nothing… else, either,” Sherlock actually looked a bit grossed out.
He clicked the photograph, and sure enough a shot of John Watson filled the screen, smiling shyly beside his landlady, the story below telling how there had been a break-in, and the brave alpha soldier had defended the place. The article made certain to mention John was unbonded, and there was a cheeky note about there being no shortage of suitors from now on to finish off the write-up.
His brother smiled sadly at him. There were dark shadows beneath his eyes. “Anything I can find at the end of a phone?”
John felt surprised. Lestrade didn’t strike him as the type to blush. “You’re not… married, are you, Greg?”
“Taken anything?” John dragged his own chair around to sit close.
God above.
Joe raised a hand.
“I don’t want to let you go.”
“Yes, but we don’t tend to cater for –”
Mycroft didn't tell Sherlock.
"Changing the subject, John? Are you nervous?"
“Sherlock, I’m not going to start arguing with you during a party,” she sniffed. “I wished to meet the alpha you’ve chosen, and I have.” She pursed her lips as she looked back at John. “I understand you’re a teacher?”
“Well, since you’re keeping Lestrade to yourself, I shall just have to make my own entertainment, won’t I?”
“Bronchial puncture,” the nurse said. “It could have been a lot worse.”
‘Legally nothing. Omegas in heat can’t be raped, that’s what the law says, isn’t it?’ Sherlock could hear himself getting loud but he didn’t care. ‘Well, the law is wrong. We’re alphas, not monsters. We can control ourselves, we’ve just been told we can’t – we shouldn’t have to. We’ve been told we can take what we want, without consequences, and that omegas should do as they’re told, or forced. It’s utter bullshit.’ He thumped the desk. ‘And I’m sick of it. John’s spent his whole life hating who he is because society says omegas should be a certain way. It’s all… wrong.’
“He’s following us.”
Sherlock would later recall that he heard that last sentence in two different ways, at the same time.
feeling, got hold of him again. He walked around the house, following the brickwork, one finger on the rough texture, round to the back door.
Sherlock didn’t bother asking what sort of school. He expected secondary school to be a repeat of primary, only with bigger girls in it. Maybe the lessons would be more interesting, though.
No ‘love’, then. Sherlock rolled his eyes and pocketed the note, drinking orange juice straight from the carton before leaving for school. There was no uniform for Sixth Formers, and so Sherlock was wearing one of his new suits, without the tie, along with a black winter coat and scarf, as it was an unusually cold September day. He passed a few tiny lads on their very first day, collected his timetable from the office, and found his way to the Sixth Form Common Room.
Sherlock nodded. “Leave your credit card, Mycroft.”
John said something positive, but Sherlock adjusted his grip, and tried again, this time drawing a circle, or a squashed-version of one at least, another line, and another. It was fascinating, and rather enjoyable. He could image doing this for some time.
‘Of course. And then we can walk down to the sea-front. Look at the sky.’
John cleared his throat. “When. Erm. When I was… bitten.” He swallowed and moved his mouth awkwardly, and Sherlock knew John’s fangs had dropped again. At the word ‘bitten’. He wanted to
Then, the fridge door again, and a heavy glass noise as it clunked onto the counter.
“I…” John looked up at the locks. “Oh god, the locks…” he dragged himself upright. “How long have you been here?”
There isn’t time for a lot.
Sherlock helped him take the gown off, whilst a nurse sorted the wet-room for John to use. John had had a dose of oral morphine when he got back to his room, and it took the edge off enough for him to ask for a shower.
“Fourteen weeks.” John watched Sherlock mentally doing the maths. “I’m not really showing yet.”
John grinned.
“We’re here,” Sherlock got out, and held the door for John, paying the driver as John got the case out. “Here,” Sherlock took it with one hand, and the casual gesture of strength and protectiveness made John’s chest tighten. “It’s that one. 221B.”
“About my daughter,” Sherlock sniffed. “I don’t know how to love her, yet.”
“This is what you’ll be up against,” Lestrade snapped. “They’ll ask you, Mycroft,
“Sherlock’s in the music room,” she smiled. “I know it isn’t typical for alphas to study the arts, but he claims there’s more maths and science to it than I realise.”
“I’ll miss you,” John repeated. “You’re my best friend.”
The nurse opened the door for them, into a half-dark room full of blinking lights, and plastic boxes, with little sleeping dolls inside.
John inhaled. “Ok…” He blew, and got fourteen candles out of sixteen. Another blow for the final two. “Ha. I don’t think you get your wish if it takes two attempts.”
“Right,” John choked out, his throat closing up, nose starting to burn. “Is – is this… it?”
James blinked. “And how do you feel about it?”
Mycroft sighed. “Just be –”
“Sherrinford, I swear if you weren’t my brother…”
“Our only other witness, Eurus Althea Holmes, has refused to testify,” Tabitha admitted.
“My omega mate is giving birth, and there’s no chance to get to hospital. We need a midwife.”
“Sorry. It’ll warm up. You’re nice and warm, considering…” John moved the wand carefully. The ribbons of scars and abscesses were easy to see. Sherlock had been in pain a while before coming into hospital, and cancer had initially been suspected, until his blood tests came back. The drugs Sherlock took to prolong his life made them worse, but there was little could be done aside from regular monitoring and food with the right nutrients.
And John was too young to realise this was a deliberate silence, to get him to speak more, say more. “There were lots of us there, you can ask anyone.”
“Not anymore,” he gave a rueful smile.
“Sherlock!” Victor appeared at his father’s shoulder, trying to pull the older man’s arms down. “Dad, get off him, you’re hurting him!”
But John didn’t have to do it alone.
“Don’t thank me yet. Open them.”
Ice Skating was the third, and final, hobby that Sherlock's mother had tried to get him interested in. First was, of course, ballet. Then gymnastics. Then skating. Sherlock had rejected each one in turn, hating how the costumes gave his body nowhere to hide, how feminine the dances were. Even if he was good at it, which he was, he couldn't tolerate the practice.
“Six pm,” John said.
Sherlock hummed. “It can do.”
“You can’t see what’s under your nose, you,” Tom said, adding the score to the computer. “Sherlock is tall, dark and handsome. He’s not a mad rapey fucker, and he wants to support you going to uni. Christ, John, you should be snatching his hands off.”
Sherlock nodded.
John sobbed, hiding his head again as he started shaking.
John shuddered, his pulse rising as he met Sherlock's eyes. "Yes. Yes."
“Never, then.”
So he stood still, and let James kiss him, let James scent at his barely-there omega smell, let the alpha touch his topless body, run his large hands over John’s skin, pick him up and carry him to the bed, pausing only to shut and lock the door.
“When John was staying at Sholto’s. I went around. Took him a few gifts. Told Eurus about it… it was the most interested she’d looked in anything I’d said for years. She asked about him. I thought it was a family thing. She… they lived together. We lived together. I thought she might miss him.”
Victor looked away.
Mycroft gathered him up and hugged him. “He knew, Sherlock. He knew, I am sure of it. He fought to get to you, didn’t he?”
“Want me to stop?” John asked, teeth gritted at the overwhelming need to thrust inside and
“You’ve not been before,” Violet turned in her seat to look at him. “But you’ll like it. He’s a friend of ours. Well, of your father’s. He’s not seen you since you were a baby.”
“I love you,” John said again, scenting hard at Sherlock’s head and neck. “I love you so much, Sherlock.”
“I’m going to take loads of photos,” John laughed, leaning on Sherlock’s chest a little.
It hadn’t been physically the same. John hadn’t pushed his tongue into his mouth, hadn’t run his hands over him, hadn’t pushed him to the ground…
"You're letting me lead?” John murmured, leaning up to kiss Sherlock's throat as his hand slipped into Sherlock's pants, and gripped his cock.
"Don't know why they're not asking why he's taking so long. What did the coroner say?" James relinquished his grip on John's head and allowed him to gasp.
“Alright,” the doctor said. “She’s in the room. Take the chair on the opposite side of the table. Remember the rules… and I hope this gives you what you want.”
“Yes!”
Sherry nodded, thinking. “Well, that’s something.”
“I know it,” John nodded. “And – and I meant my reply. You didn’t hurt me. I’m not stupid. I know how hard that must have been. But I don’t think many other alphas could have done it.” He breathed deeply, inhaling the alpha smell of Sherlock properly, without heat clouding his mind. Cigarettes, and something clinical, and a deep spiced woodsmoke that John had never smelled before. It curled in his lungs, soaked into his skin, and settled like a cloud over John’s mind. A comfort, not a fog of confusion. Something to learn, to get to know, and understand.
“Yes,” Sherlock nodded. “Don’t stop.”
John made a fist. He wouldn’t say no, if Sherlock wanted to bond with him. It was what he wanted – had wanted for a while, now. But all this uni and army stuff had gotten in the way. They’d not really spoken of it, more than Sherlock’s tearful confession last year.
“Fallen omegas –”
“Because he wasn’t anything to me,” John said, taking his arm away. “He was a colleague. We barely knew each other.”
“Did you
“I see…” Sherlock sat up a bit. “And… your scan is to…”
“Early? It’s not that early, the night before.” Sherlock turned, putting his head on one side, curious.
“I suppose it is. Takeaway stuff, you know?”
,” he put a hand to the curve of his belly. “I don’t –”
Because it wasn’t.
Sherlock hoped not. He wanted her to be a beta, and avoid all of that nonsense.
“You can’t honestly think you can lie to me.” Mycroft glanced towards the door. “Do what you like in private, but you need to include your family in things like this. And why haven’t you bonded with him?”
A sharp jolt ran through John’s stomach, like a knife. “Eurus.”
“Not hard enough.”
Sherlock frowned. “But...”
It didn't bear thinking about. Even if Sherlock said John wasn't his type.
they felt compelled to ask John if he wanted to get a coffee. John had casually turned the offers down, as if he didn’t understand himself.
It shouldn’t feel bad. Scenting was an intimate, loving act. It was a closeness, and an offering for bonding. Not necessarily sex – to bond emotionally, to get to know the person. Parents scented their children, close friends would do it. And lovers. Always lovers.
“I meant, it’s not nice, sitting in the waiting room on your own.”
“No,” Mycroft crossed his legs. “I’ve just come from the reading of our father’s will.”
John stared. “And you are?” He inhaled subtly. Alpha. Not yet matured. Not a threat. And yet could easily become one. Difficult to organise in his mind.
“Uh,” Sherlock rolled his eyes, before kissing back.
He glanced at John’s mouth. Pursed, as he was reading, pale pink lips and just a tiny hint of blond stubble on his moustache and chin. That would probably be scratchy. Maybe nice, though.
“It wasn’t from Mummy,” Sherlock said. “It was from Cam.”
“Jesus fucking Christ…” John thrust again, his movement driven by need. Sherlock kissed his forehead – the only bit of him he could get to without moving their bodies apart, and continued rubbing his cock against John’s. He was aching with the need to get inside him.
Their hands were clasped tight, and their legs were touching as they worked.
So when he opened the door to the house and found a beaming Sherrinford Holmes on the doorstep, he didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.
“Yes, I get it. Thank you. I’ll pay you back when I get –”
John felt himself blush. “It’s ok… I know you… have to get back.”
John nodded.
"In any case, I'm not a difficult vampire to find, if, after your wars are over, you need a peaceful sleep."
‘Budge over,’ Sherlock said, stepping into the shower to join him. The warm water covered them both as they kissed and embraced in the warmth. ‘Not sure you’re supposed to do this sort of thing with your flatmate,’ he said, kissing down John’s neck.
There was no laughter. Only frowns of confusion.
“Or, you could just be the bigger man,” Sherlock said, lifting the tube to check the contents. “Apologise, and we can all move on.”
“That’s…” John looked up. “You want him to delay his maturity? Even further than he already has?”
"Good morning," John said, sitting up so tentacles pooled in his lap. "Um... is it morning? It feels like morning, at least." He eased himself to the side to stand up, and Sherlock lifted his tentacles out of the way, watching him intently. John felt rather like one of the specimens in the jars back at the practice he worked. He stretched, rolling his shoulders back, working the crick from his neck. He felt dry, now, and not cold anymore, though he was still nude of course, and, now he thought about it, rather keen to relieve himself.
“Do you need to take anything with you?” James asked, watching John finish off another bottle of water.
“Sherlock?” John followed her in, and was surprised to see Sherlock grinning widely, letting Violet take his photo, holding up a piece of paper.
“I can look after myself for twenty minutes.”
“Sherlock… The doctors…”
“Alright, alright, I’ll move things!” Sherlock shoved his stool back, and stood up in one fluid movement that betrayed his irritation. He always got more vampiric when he was cross. He started sweeping empty test tubes and old papers into a container with more viciousness than was strictly necessary.
The door opened and closed, and Sherlock walked back up the stairs. John looked up. The scent of Victor clung to Sherlock’s clothes. He glanced at John, careful to be quick about it, submissive, apologetic.
“Bullshit.” The man grinned. “Saw you come bursting out that coffee shop like your arse was on fire.” He sniffed the air. “You’re all alone, sweetheart.”
“I can’t,” John said.
Sherlock flopped onto his bed with the pink and white duvet, and put his hands behind his head.
"I did it for my family," she seethed. "So my daughter could live a good life, even if I'm not there. The money I made from that war will give her a comfortable life."
“A pain in the arse.” Sherlock put a hand over his mouth. “Sorry.”
“Happy Birthday, John,” Sherlock set the cup of tea on the bedside table.
“About birth?”
“John…”
The worst days were what John privately called
“What’s this?” John caught it.
John made an innocent face.
John went scarlet.
John thrust in a second finger, teasing any exposed skin he could get to with his tongue, swallowing as another gush soaked his chin and ran down Sherlock’s legs.
“Emergency, which service do you require?”
“I know what he is,” John said. He turned, and put his mug on the counter-top. “He has to ask because he wasn’t there.”
“You think?” Sherlock sniffed, forcing a smile.
Sherlock’s breath was already catching, in anticipation, but it turned ragged as John gripped the base of his cock and pushed his lips over that rosy head.
"I see... So, you're releasing my officers from command, now?"
He sighed, and passed a hand over his face.
It lay there on the dust-covered carpet, head at a strange angle, arms and legs like melted rubber. Its eyes were open.
“He is still a child, Sherlock,” Cam sighed. “As adults, we have to be mindful of the differences and responsibilities of our relationships with young people. They have to be protected.” He leaned close to scent at Sherlock’s hair, and Sherlock felt his heart-rate drop at the gesture. Cam understood. He wasn’t angry. They were united in their shared secret, and Cam wouldn’t give Sherlock away.
“Go on.”
Sherlock snapped. He grabbed the boy by the hair and slammed his face down onto the table.
to bite him… he could lose the only good thing that had come out of his last heat.
“I’m sorry I shouted that,” John said, remembering his outburst of the previous day, in Tesco. “I’m just… angry.”
John pulled a tight smile. “You know… All I wanted, when I was growing up, was to be a doctor. I didn’t realise I couldn’t be, until I lived with your parents.”
But there was no time, or space, for him to pay attention to that.
Because Sherlock was somewhere else – somewhere he met Victor.
“Oh,” she looked away. “Is that… bad?”
“John?” Sherlock sounded confused.
“I don’t know. I do know Sherlock might pretend to be able emotion and feelings, but that’s a total lie. He goes to see Eurus more often than the other two, and he takes cases that don’t pay when the person really needs his help. And he never judged me when I told him about –” Victor looked up, sharply. “You… do know, don’t you?”
“Are you sure you’re..?” Victor sniffed, looking at John’s flat stomach.
“No,” John said quickly. “No, definitely not.”
Sholto nodded, and sat up and away. “Sorry.” He puffed out a breath, and John thanked his lucky stars neither of them were mature, yet. “Can I ask… If you weren’t engaged…?”
“What do you mean?”
"What
, this… week, this… few days… is just heat.”
“Sh-Sherlock.”
Sherlock shrugged.
“I’m not that useless. I wanted…” Sherlock sniffed, and looked at the ceiling tiles. “Fuck, I just wanted someone, and you were neither use nor ornament, John. I’m so… tired.”
Sherlock stopped. “No?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"Thank you," he said, trying to sound casual. He shifted on the linoleum. Then puffed out a breath. "I had sex with you because I wanted to. I was... I wanted to get off, and you're very attractive, and... yeah. Maybe it wasn't a great decision for either of us as we have to work together, but I don't regret it."
“Really? Then why did Daddy hurt you? Scent you? Hold you?”
School broke up for the summer.
He covered his face with his hands, fighting back tears. If he was going to have a shot at getting Sherlock back, the last thing he needed was to turn up with a big belly and a truckload of guilt.
John was enjoying a rare moment of peace and quiet. Amazingly, Birdie was awake. She was lying on the floor on a playmat, looking up at some colourful plastic fish that had captured her attention with the way they spun and mirrored and glittered. Her three-month-old self was transfixed, and reached for the creatures and pulled them, enjoying their bounce and spin when she let them go again.
“And you,” John called as she shoved her pram onto the bus. He sat, watching it pull away, a sinking feeling in his chest and stomach, but also a sense of resignation.
“Mummy’s a lecturer,” Sherlock put his phone away. “And Father does speeches, too. They tend to get booked as a package deal. Mummy used to work at a university before she had my brother and me. Now she tours, teaching.”
“D’you want a mirror?” John looked around fruitlessly.
Salisbury Academy was an old manor house, set back from the main streets by vast grounds on all sides, and with enough space inside to house boarders as well as day-students like John.
“Yes,” he said, voice low, as if afraid someone might hear. “I – I want to be a doctor.”
“I know,” John shrugged. “And that’s what’ll happen. I love you, Sherlock. And I’m going to take care of you.”
John fumbled for the bed-adjuster switch, and found it, pressing the button to sit himself up more comfortably. He noticed an empty plastic tray-like cot beside his bed. ‘Where is she?’ he asked. ‘Is she ok?’
Sherlock made a ‘mm’ sound.
“Fun?” John had snorted from the back of the car. Lestrade was driving them down, along with Molly and her new boyfriend, who was sitting in the passenger seat and kept glancing backwards as though worried Molly (who was in the middle seat between Sherlock and John) was going to disappear at any moment.
Justice Graves checked a paper in front of her. “I would ask John to take the stand and give me a word on who he would like to live with, at this point,” she said, “but I think the evidence speaks for itself,” she looked down at John’s hand in Sherlock’s.
Sherlock closed his eyes, and tried not to moan as John explored and pleasured him, his fingers careful and curious, but respectful, and it was so much better than Sherlock had thought it would be. John wasn’t disgusted with him.
Sherlock glanced behind him, making sure the door was closed and Mycroft wasn’t listening. ‘I love you,’ he said softly. ‘I think that might count for something.’ He looked at Birdie, in her plastic cot. ‘I know she’s not anything to do with me. If you want someone else to –’
Mycroft let him sit quietly, for a moment.
Kian hummed. “I mean… you can do girls either way, so what’s point of omega boys?” He frowned. “Has he still got a cock?”
, to anything, and I’ll listen.”
“That’s how I met my mate,” Mrs Rivers went on, not noticing. “We were engaged before, but I’d never met him. That’s seen as a bit out of sorts, these days.”
“You’ve read my file.”
“I don’t want to lose myself like that,” Sherlock said. “I know what happens. To omegas. They… we… they turn into desperate sex-addicts. They only care about sex. I – I don’t want that.”
“A game, then?”
John continued, combing through the messy strands, smoothing the tiny knots out one by one, separating the hairs, letting them lie longish and wavy, curled at the ends. John deepened his touches, running his fingers firmly over Sherlock’s scalp.
He gave himself a good stare, looking at the curves and dips of his body, at the soft bumps and fat deposits and nipples that were too large. His waist curved, hips soft, the curls between his legs framing nothing but shame and emptiness.
“So, he’s a friend?”
“Goodnight, John.”
‘It isn’t funny, Harry,’ Mrs Watson chided her daughter. ‘He must feel awful.’ She handed her son an ice lolly. ‘See if that helps with the swelling.’
Sherlock stared, his chest feeling sat-upon, his limb aching, his skin freezing from the high, cold winds that wrapped over the rooftop.
“I’m fine,” Sherlock said, convincingly. “Just getting out.” And he pulled the plug, vanishing the bloody evidence before John could see.
Then he planted his lips straight onto John’s.
.’ He stared at his brother, going red. ‘Please, for once in your life, trust me on this.’
“…why?”
Sherlock looked shocked. “Didn’t I?”
"You're a child," John stood straighter. "You've not even... Have you even had a heat?" He sniffed the air, not caring about being obvious – the scent of omega was there, but yes, it was undeveloped – immature. A child.
“Well, a lot of omegas have parties for their sixteenths, don’t they?” Sherlock picked up his tea. Sherry did. And Eurus."
John nodded. “Yeah.”
, Sherlock,” John rocked his hips, gently fucking Sherlock’s mouth, in no danger of choking him but the thought alone was doing both of them in. Sherlock held tight to John’s thighs, feeling the muscles move under his hands, trying not to gag as John’s cock rubbed over his tongue, pushed between his lips, the taste of pre-come already dripping down his throat.
“You – fuck – need to time them,” Sherlock sat up, looking mildly distressed. “They’ll ask – ow. Ow, ow, it’s not stopping…” he leaned over on all fours, gritting his teeth and making an animalistic groaning sound John had never heard before.
John stood sideways-on, looking in the full-length mirror. He couldn’t see any changes, yet. He breathed out, and stuck his stomach out as far as he could, but he didn’t look pregnant, just like someone with a paunch. He stood normally again, and the curve disappeared. He felt mildly grateful to the army for giving him a washboard stomach, at least. He wouldn’t show for a good long while. That didn’t stop him checking every morning, though.
A vampire John was going to have to share a room with.
Mycroft Holmes arrived at ten precisely. He rang the bell, and there was a moment of stupid to-ing and fro-ing where John answered the door to another alpha and the alpha wanted to come in, but John wasn’t sure who he was. They settled on handshakes.
“You should be careful,” Sherlock snapped. “Greg might be with…” he glanced about, “someone else, but he’s an unbonded alpha, and you know what sort of effect you’ll have on him.”
“Certainly,” Mycroft put it in his inside pocket. “Now… if you’ll excuse me,” he picked up his umbrella, and showed himself out.
“Looks extreme, yes, but remember that this is a crucial part of birthing. At this point, a midwife will likely tell the mother not to push, or risk an injury.”
“The last thing you need is to be trapped with some alpha who doesn’t understand what makes you special. Who just thinks you’re an ordinary man,” Siger added. “You’re not ordinary, Sherlock. You’re not like everyone else, and so you shouldn’t be with just anyone.”
Sherlock looked like he might cry.
"I said WHAT condition, Mycroft," Sherlock shouted, his back still to the man.
“No one at all?” Sherlock’s eyebrows stayed up.
Sherlock shook his head. “J-”
Sherlock smiled, wiping a speck of mayonnaise from the corner of his mouth. “You did ask.”
John smiled. “She’d hate it, if she knew.”
Cam’s hands… that had held Sherlock tight, with such fierce need, around his neck and wrist…
John sighed. “You know what I want to be, Sherlock.” He let go of Sherlock’s hand, and placed his own firmly over the omega’s heart. “I want to be here.”
“Oh, you look much happier,” his mother smiled, brushing his hair back. “You need your hair cutting, though.”
And then it was November, and John had a terrible bout of sleep, that lasted for weeks, where he ended up in Sherlock’s bed every night, needing constant physical contact because his night terrors were so real he was scratching at his own skin trying to fight off dead men who weren’t there.
for this.
John tensed, his stomach going rigid at the name. He let the kettle continue to boil, and peeped through the gap between the door and the wall.
Repeated urgently.
“I’m going home, if that’s what you mean,” Sherlock opened the card. The picture on the front was of a Christmas fairy wearing a pink dress and sporting wings and a glittery wand. “Thank you.”
There was a beat of silence.
They stared one another down.
Sherlock glanced over at the adults. “It doesn’t matter.”
“Yes…” Mycroft glanced about the place. “If I didn’t have John’s permission to come in, and even so…” he sniffed, “there is something odd about being in another alpha’s den. I imagine for an omega it is mildly intimidating.”
John’s wrists were seized and his hands torn from his face, giving him no choice but to look at the huge alpha crushing his tiny body into the mattress.
John wiped a hand down his face, and lifted his head off the ground.
“Yes, my angel, my beautiful…” Sherlock kissed his ears, his jaw, his cheeks. “I’m so sorry I kept you waiting… something happened… I didn’t see…”
“Are you going to help me, or not?” Sherlock snapped, folding his arms as he tried, and failed, to pick something off the floor.
“I don’t expect you to make me better,” John said. “I just… I know that what happened to me was wrong. I know it happened and you can’t take me back in time and stop it from happening. But I want it to… I want what happened to make less of an impact on my life now. On my relationships.”
“What’s this?” John picked up the envelope. His packed case was on the bed, and he was wearing the jeans and plaid shirt he favoured before he was pregnant.
“No, it’s fine,” James shrugged. “I guess you don’t want your clothes to smell like mine.”
“I don’t
He rubbed his free hand over his eyes and face, and a familiar set of red eyes, framed by dark hair, swam into view.
“Felton Avenue,” he went to type. Except his screen was black. Dead. “Fuck!” Sherlock put his phone away, and sat on the wall to think. He had a bit of money in his wallet. He could buy a charger, and find a café to charge his phone, then call Mycroft from there. Simple. Safe.
“Good.” Sherlock’s smile widened, just a fraction, and he squeezed his grip, clenching his fingers around John’s cock, making him moan, and grip at the bedclothes.
Mycroft gave him the saddest smile he had ever seen. “I know you would not hurt him. Because I know how you feel about him. How he feels about you. And how impossible that is for you both.”
John folded his arms. “Look, let’s not spoil it. D’you want to hang out in my room for a bit?”
“We don’t have to part just because they say so.”
Boys don't cry.
“I don’t think he’s anyone’s.” The alley made the voice echoey and deep, and John shuddered. “Why don’t you back off now, whilst you’re still standing, eh?”
Sherlock sighed, catching his breath, trying to listen to his own heartbeat as John let go of his hand. “Sorry. I… Thinking about it makes me…”
He didn't lie, either. Not yet.
It was like drowning. John’s lips against his, in Sherlock’s first kiss, the moment he’d wanted so badly to belong to him and John, as he got what he wanted in the most bittersweet moment that tasted so dreadfully of defeat.
He decided not to ask, in case he punched the person who delivered the answer.
John shrugged, but Sherlock could see his hands shaking. “Just some… crap about omegas getting pregnant.” He put the chocolate down on the counter. “I stormed out of his car.”
“No, it’s not,” John agreed. “It doesn’t matter, anyway. It doesn’t stop anyone doing anything, or being with anyone, no matter what they… are.”
Sherlock frowned. “I thought you were –”
“As you were frightened of me, once.”
“Amazing,” John brushed carpet-fluff from his front. “We can have such a great night! Even if you are going to abandon me.”
They’d had sex. Pretty much. As much as John wanted… no, not wanted… felt able to. He and his flatmate. John and Sherlock.
Sherlock’s brain screeched to a halt as realisation crashed into it. “You… can tell he’s…”
He gripped the hem of his pyjama top.
“People say there’s worse things,” Greg said doubtfully.
John checked his phone.
“God, yes,” John reached out, and Sherlock walked into his arms, barely having to reach up to sniff at John’s neck.
“It’s four in the after –”
“I don’t think
“John isn’t waiting…” Sherlock. Sounding cross.
“Yeah. He’s late. Later than usual, I mean.” John closed his book.
“Fuck…” John let go with one hand, and stroked the other up Sherlock’s full length. “Fuck, I just…” He looked desperately at the bed.
But there will be time.
“Well, you look… very healthy.”
“No more – oh, god, that’s good – mood swings, though,” John let his head fall back again. “No one’s going to miss those…. Shit, just… Sherlock!”
“John, you’re so close, I can feel it,” Sherlock whispered. “I can… I want you to come. Come for me?”
John carried his water back through the lounge. “I’d avoid that chicken salad in the fridge, just FYI.”
Sherlock’s throat began to hurt, though not in thirst.
It was dark, and gloomy, and warm, and the two boys got the giggles again as they sat close together, watching the house activity through the window John had cut out. Boxes were being opened, windows put on the latch to air out the rooms, and Sherlock’s house looked very still, beside it.
“Sherlock, stop,” John demanded. “Listen to yourself. That’s not you talking. You know you can’t be with us both. That’s not how hearts work. You chose him, when I wasn’t around for you, and that’s something I’ve got to make peace with. You weren’t a nun. That’s fine. But this…
"Not that I actually helped much." John looked at Sherlock. "Though, even with us… yeah… you've not been as terrifying as I thought you'd be. Most of the time."
John was very quiet, a rushing noise in his ears,
“Please don’t, little brother. And before I forget,” Mycroft reached into his inside jacket pocket, and drew out a small box, wrapped with a silver ribbon. “Congratulations, on your results.”
And how could he possibly think about keeping them?
“I did sort of get you an early present,” John said, as Sherlock drew the curtains.
“It won’t happen.”
“Yeah, ok,” Sherlock said, jumping down off the bed, and following John down the stairs. He felt strangely fluffy and like cotton wool, inside. He was John’s best friend.
“Oh, darling, it definitely does,” Sherry called from where he was perched on Alfie’s lap.
“John fought back, the last time. He fought back bravely, braver than any omega I have known. I took him whilst Siger was in hospital. I removed him from a threatening area.”
“Unusual for a vampire to be helping you?” John wondered.
“It will be ok, Sherlock,” Sherry got out of his chair and came around the bed to hug his brother. “Sherlock, I promise. It will be ok. John will recover. He… he’s stronger than you know.”
“Was a monster,” Sherry sniffed. “Of the utmost. His treatment of my sister is something I had to live with for years. At one point I even tried to make him turn his attentions to me, to give her a moment’s rest, but that only earned me a thrashing for being a slut.” He sipped his drink. “Eurus’ resistance – her disgust – was what he craved. And when her mind cracked, and she began to accept him, he saw it as a victory, and she was the prize. I’m only surprised she didn’t get pregnant before. Perhaps she did, and her body rejected it.”
Sherlock let his head drop back as far as his wound would let him, humming contentedly at the contact, his hands holding John’s arms tight, as if he was afraid he might fall. “John…”
“Thanks. You’ll be next,” he grinned.
“Yes, but I wanted to ask you something,” he said.
“I wish I was,” John said. “Right, sit on the saddle, but keep your feet on the ground to start with.”
Danger. Danger. Danger.
“John…”
Sherlock blinked, his eyes filling with fresh tears. “No,” he gulped, “no, no, it wasn’t… it was…”
Sherlock was dialling Victor’s number before he was even out of the door. “Victor,” he sobbed down the line, “please come and get me.”
Sherlock squeaked.
John’s mouth goldfished, whilst Sherlock just stared into space. By the time they came out of the office, both of them were exhausted, but more confident than they had been going in.
Yes, this would probably hurt Sherlock.
It was Sherlock, again.
“I’m sorry, John… My father doesn’t want to put you through university. Your purpose is to provide more Holmeses. Not to get a degree,” he looked extremely sorry.
Nothing.
"I never pretended to be brave. I've been a coward for a very long time. But you won't miss me, so it doesn't matter."
John didn’t need telling twice. He darted out of the open door, down the steps to the car, and leaned against it, catching his breath, shaking.
Sherlock looked back at the skeleton poster. He’d had to come into hospital with a small water infection that wasn’t clearing up, and a nurse had asked his mother a question when he was being examined, and the next thing he knew he was being put in a big white tube so they could take a photo of his insides.
John took it. “I only sent it you last night.”
“Keep to my rule, and I won’t tell Sherlock how you let another alpha get his scent all over you.”
“That’s… that’s right, yeah,” John shifted on the seat. “Is that a problem?”
“The specifics are detailed,” Mycroft nodded at the small print. “It appears that Siger’s desire to keep you out of school, John, go further than his simple threats. As part of the negotiations with your parents, they agreed that should you enrol into any University, your bond with Sherlock would be void. John is blacklisted from application.”
Or – being stopped.
“So… what – he met you today? Or sent that over?”
Sherlock licked his lips apart. “John… stay.”
Sherlock found himself wishing his brother was with them, as they parked at the front of the large house. Mycroft was as good as he was at seeing things. And this house had a lot to see.
“What changed your mind?” John raised his eyebrows. “Did you have a bad experience, or something?”
“Like you need to get off,” John laughed. “You know…” he sat beside him on the bed, “you can always just… tell me what to do. I don’t want to mess up.”
Victor shook his head. “John… I think you should go, now.”
‘For not saying it was my fault.’
“Here you go, lads – oh, I’m sorry,” someone snatched a leaflet back out of John’s hand. “Sorry, mate, I didn’t see you’re an omega.”
The car pulled up in front of a white stone building. It looked more like a country house than a hospital. They got out, and John could hear the distant
“No problem,” the doctor handed it over. “I’m sorry for all the questions, John, but – ”
John raised his eyebrows at Sherlock’s left shin.
John was so organised, so domestic. He pretended not to be, but he was.
Sherlock huffed.
An alpha John recognised, with dark curls and pale skin, stood from his place at the dining table, where a laptop sat, propped open.
“How… why didn’t you talk to Mycroft?” Sherlock looked back at Lestrade, noticing now he was thin, unwashed, unshaven, with dark circles under his eyes.
Sherlock deleted a bunch of old emails in a huff. This whole situation reminded him of when he was at school, and came into maturity as an alpha. People who had teased him suddenly became either respectful or wary. Others, like squeaky little Brian Patterson, started tailing him around in the hopes of… what? A bite? A bond? Sherlock couldn’t stand it. He was the same person he’d been before, and now he was treated differently...
“He’s supposed to be at work!” Sherlock snarled.
“Only until Christmas.”
“But fortunately for you, it isn’t. And I won’t take away the chance to mark a mate from my son. Even if his omega is a cockslut already. But… we can keep that between us, can’t we?” he suddenly smiled, and it wasn’t a nice smile, at all.
“They do let me out. Occasionally,” she smiled, and labelled something.
The air felt very thick, all of a sudden.
“You brought me home,” John looked at the ceiling. “When was that? Yesterday?”
“I might go and –”
John had so many plans he would have needed two years to get them all done. But he didn’t care. He was going to have Sherlock. The twisting feeling that ran under his muscles whenever he thought of him was going to have somewhere to go, someone to focus on.
Warning for non-consensual touch, and gaslighting.
Sherlock nodded, stroking the baby’s soft blonde hair. “She doesn’t have a name.”
Thank you for all the support with this fic! It means a lot to me to see so many lovely comments, kudos and subscriptions!
She sighed. “I might be able to reduce your punishment, Sherlock, if that is the case. Are you being honest with me?”
“Yes,” John went red.
John stroked his hand again. ‘This is what happens. If you’re lucky.’
“I had lessons,” Sherlock sighed, putting his fork down. “Mummy made me go. Pastries and cakes and so on… Not meals.”
“That’s better,” he slurred, then coughed. “I’m not very –” he stopped.
John kissed back, hardly daring to believe what was happening. Sherlock’s skinny legs were either side of his own, his long, spidery, fingers on his face, and
It was, they decided, good for him to spend some more time outdoors, even if it was with a rough alpha boy who didn’t seem to understand that pre-10am on a Sunday was not an ideal time to call. John Watson would be a good friend for Sherlock.
Some advocated a hospital visit – John’s embryo might not have implanted at all.
John hadn’t been able to resist. He licked firmly at Sherlock’s twitching entrance, dragging his tongue over the puffy skin, tasting that new omega slick, that gorgeous pure sex that made his alpha cock ache. He traced a finger around Sherlock’s perineum, then pushed inside him, Sherlock’s body offering no resistance at all, and the tiny penetrating digit being acknowledged with a sad cry.
Sherlock ignored it, and staggered upright using the arms of the wheelchair for assistance. He was tall, and skinny, though there was no way to tell how much of his thinness was from illness, and how much was natural. He looked less tired than the last time John saw him, though, which was positive.
His only option was toilet paper.
“Sure.” Sherlock pulled a mock-hopeful face, which didn’t last. “Unless I fail horribly and get twelve U grades, right?”
He let out a moan, breaking their kiss for only an instant to look into Sherlock’s eyes. Those cool blue eyes that were shining with want. He wasn’t saying
“That’s… quite alright…” Sherlock stood stiffly in the hug, and gave John’s back a small pat. Then…
Includes non-graphic depiction of sexual assault. Be aware of your own triggers.
John folded his legs up to sit next to him. “Oh yeah? What about?”
He couldn’t look Victor in the eye to say goodbye.
When he was first turned, in the decade of immediacy that followed, he was convinced his new life was a curse. His family – the Holmes coven who took him in and cared for him – convinced him this was not so. Being a vampire did not have to mean losing his humanity, as long as he remembered they were his prey, his cattle. But cattle should still be treated with compassion, after all. He had accepted it, grown to see humans as a separate species whom he needed to stay strong, but nothing else. His existence was a curse in that he only
The button undone, John took hold of Sherlock’s waistband, and pulled him backwards. They stepped in the direction of the bed, until the backs of John’s knees hit the bed frame, and he could sit down.
Sherlock wondered what John's effort-breaths sounded like. When he ran, in P.E., or when he... did other things. Sherlock shifted on the tall stool, and solved another equation.
“No,” John kissed the back of Sherlock’s neck. “I’m not
Sherlock nodded, grateful for the discretion. ‘It is. Sorry.’
Sherlock nodded, tears escaping down his face. “I’m sorry.”
“You monster!”
“Here.” John turned back to his bag and brought out a book he had with him. It was a simple guide to water-life around the rock-pools and the shallows, and had a few engravings included as illustrations. He opened the book at random and held it out to Sherlock, who took it and gawped, mouth open like a child. “It’s a book,” John said.
“I’d get a suit made, from the superhero tailor,” Sherlock said, after a moment.
Sherlock ended up on his back, one leg crooked over John’s hip, John’s fingers slick with lube caressing at his hole. He resisted the urge to grind down. Memories of fucks past came to the surface of his mind, clouding his judgement and making him moan with need.
“It’s ok,” Greg dropped his hand. “Sorry.”
“We went to his house.”
Oliver made a sympathetic face. “Anything I can do? You guys helped me enough. I owe you.”
He didn’t want to think about it. It was coming, but he did not want to think about it.
He couldn’t stand it, anymore.
Sherlock hid his face in the crook of John’s neck. He didn’t reply, just let the tears come, and let John soothe him, touch him, kiss him, love him better.
“Fat, you mean,” John said. It was true – buried in his big coat, he did just look overweight. But it wasn’t exactly flattering.
John blinked and shook his head for an instant. It was beginning, then. Sherlock was about to start growing up.
Sherlock picked at an invisible thread. “I saw you as mine. If I couldn’t have you, no one could.”
They stayed like that, in that weird press, that almost-embrace, until John’s beeper went to tell them that Mycroft and Violet Holmes had finally arrived on the ward to pick Sherlock up.
office. Now.”
It was so cold that he kept his scarf on, tight around his neck as he went into his first lesson. He sat at the back and shivered, along with the other students, finally feeling the school’s heating system click on around ten, and the boys were dismissed for break.
“There’s plenty of ways you can speed things along,” the nurse grinned. “Check those leaflets. And take care of yourself, John.”
"Your typing is horrendously slow,” the vampire commented as he flicked through the paper and card files.
He would.
“Oh my god. Oh…. This is better than sex,” John sighed, letting his head fall back. “Sorry.”
He sat on the floor of Mycroft’s bathroom in London, weighing up his options. They were limited. Extremely limited, in fact.
He ditched his phone, his money, his keys. He left every item of clothing he had behind. He walked out of the flat he’d been staying in, and never walked back in again.
“And with your parents around, I can hardly ignore them. It would be rude. They are my guests too. You don’t want them to be unhappy, do you?”
Sherlock hummed in happiness, moving his hips a fraction against John’s, so John could feel the growing firmness in his smart trousers.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John… Maybe you’d better go first?” Sholto said, sighing.
, Sherlock was going to die.
“True…” he rubbed his scarred chin, and John wondered if he was shaving for real, yet. He could touch, and see.
“This is so stupid,” John hissed in the back of the private car. “So fucking stupid. He’s not even going to answer the door.”
Sherlock shrugged. “I don’t think I have a lot of options. Mycroft is arranging for someone to… access my things in Victor’s house. He’s going to take them to Baker Street.”
John held up one of the samples to the light. “This is dry.”
"You're under suspicion," Sherlock clarified, drawing Oliver’s attention back. "However… I believe you have been pressured into actions you would not necessarily condone."
“Sherlock,” said Sherlock.
Sherlock clicked the light off, and headed out, and for the stairs. He took them two at a time, as always, enjoying the semi-freedom of his parents being out of the country (missing his first day, typically), and thundered into the kitchen to grab his school bag.
Sherlock snuggled up behind him and kissed the back of his neck. ‘Next time I’ll hold on for longer,’ he whispered.
Even Sherlock was no help.
John shook his head. He needed to try and concentrate on something other than the events of last night. This wasn’t his life, whatever it was. He had a life. A good life, on the island. He was twenty-seven years old, unmarried, and had just been given a place to train with the town's doctor...
‘I need you to look,’ he said, turning around. ‘I need you to get down and look. I’m sorry, Sherlock, I know you’ll never look at me the same way after this, but I need to know what’s going on down there.’
‘Politics,’ Cam said. ‘You have to spend money to get people to listen, more now than ever.’ He sipped his coffee. ‘There’s talk of reforming a law that would… well, it would affect my interests significantly. A party and a few drinks always help conversation to flow, I find. Entertainment keeps everyone sweet.’ He looked at Siger. ‘A while since you’ve attended, Siger.’
John came out of his counselling session an hour later, feeling rather relaxed, but uneasy at the same time. He’d had to talk about the baby, and then
“Then it isn’t him they want. This is that bloody silver all over again. It isn’t him they want, it’s you. John’s the bait. They know you’ll come to find him, and then they’ll try to kill you.”
The guard frowned. “Sorry, I don’t… let me check the rooms,” he went over to his computer. Sherlock folded his arms.
to ever see Birdie, let alone take her home with him. She belonged with John. She belonged with her family.
“Don’t know.” Sherlock leaned to one side. “It’s torn.”
John frowned. “But…”
Sherlock pressed his lips together. “Where am I?”
“Correct,” John clicked again, and the answer appeared beside the diagram. “And what are the key features that define this individual as such?”
“You know I do,” John said, Sherlock’s thumb sweeping over his lip again after he spoke, damp with the soft inside of John’s lip. “Just...”
“Are you ok?” Sherry asked, and John realised he’d been staring into space.
“Because she is
“Don’t believe everything you hear, Mycroft,” Sherlock closed the box carefully, and put it on the mantelpiece. John caught him giving the present a tiny smile. “Shall we?”
A small bit of John’s brain said that Victor could be staking a claim on Sherlock – a sort of engagement that meant he would be there if and when he presented.
Sherlock wished to every god mankind had ever conjured up that he could smell it more clearly. If he could identify Victor as bonded, he wouldn’t now be looking at him with pain lancing through his body like steel flames. He wouldn’t be looking over the body of the boy – now man – he loved with a twisted kind of torment that made him feel sick and desperate.
The kiss flamed through John - a soft buzz that made him hum against Sherlock’s mouth, pull him closer with his good arm until John was backed against the fridge.
“Oh god,” John closed his eyes, “this is how it starts, isn’t it?”
"But the manner by which the bullet entered his body."
‘Shh,’ John warned, though he didn’t let up with the rolling of his hips. ‘You’re loud.’
Greg went red. “You – you two had an affair?!”
Sherlock smiled back, against his finger.
“Did you mean it?” Sherlock asked, once the dinner plates were taken away. “What you said, to those lawyers?”
Magnussen let him struggle for a second or two, then stretched out his own hand and wrapped it around Sherlock’s thin fingers, clenched around his hand like a cage. ‘Sherlock,’ he drawled. ‘I thought you would never ask.’
“Ah!” Sherlock gasped at the sensation, tightening his legs together.
Sherlock realised he didn’t. “Yeah, I know you,” he lied, “I know you like science, and… you want to be a doctor.” He zipped up his bag. “My best friend wants to be a doctor, too.”
Sherlock glared at his brother. “Mycroft, you need to leave.”
John let out a gust of breath, like he’d been holding it. His hand shifted on the carpet, a centimetre towards Sherlock’s.
“But I could erase the possibility of alpha from the equation,” Sherlock said. “Prepare for what could happen next.”
“Yes, Madam Justice,’ Miss Ali leapt to her feet as she spoke whilst Mayhew’s solicitor merely nodded.
John picked up his tea and inhaled the steam, savouring the one decent cup of the day.
“Imagine the wear on your trousers, though.” Sherlock put his drink down.
“I know. But we’re not together. And even if we were… this happened before we met.”
Sherlock took her arms and gently pushed her away.
Sherlock’s nostrils flared. “He can’t be.”
Lestrade followed John’s gaze. “He’s a good kid. He just… I wish I could turn back the clock, you know?”
As soon as he stepped onto British soil he felt revived. Like he could fix this. Like he could make it all better. Work as a GP, maybe. Live with the man he loved, maybe even have children, one day. He felt a little more ready for that, now.
John snorted. ‘I’m getting a lot of
He felt something hard slam into his body.
“It’s like he’s replacing you.”
But it didn’t last long.
Sherlock nodded, once.
It had been the same nightmare, again. The one that had given him his own room, as people complained about the yelling and screaming John did in his sleep. The nightmare that couldn’t really be called a nightmare, because it was a memory. The fire, the blood, the gunshots. The first, and only, time he'd been under heavy fire. The first time he'd lost anyone. He'd made it out alive, mostly unscathed bar cuts and bruises. Him, and only two others.
“My omega… the one in my arrangement… her heats are almost on her,” Victor said. “We have to get there first.”
Sherlock wrenched open the door, and was immediately hit with the strong smell of alpha. “Oh, fuck… no.” He slammed the door before he could change his mind. “No, not you,” he waved at the driver to move on.
“It’s not my back that hurts, idiot.”
John looked him over. He smelled very alpha, and had greying hair and a bit of fashionable stubble in the same grey as his suit trousers. He had a kind face.
John looked back at his laptop. ‘It doesn’t matter what I think.’
Sherlock nodded. “Please. I just want to be close to you. Like this.” He shifted on the bed, and John looked over him, at his unique shape, his perfection, his face eager and aroused, and the wet, gleaming pink folds of himself.
Sherlock already didn’t trust him.
“I’m here,” Sherlock stroked his hair again. “And I’m not going anywhere. Not tonight, and not ever. I…”
‘I don’t know. If I ever meet him…’ Sherlock made a strangling motion in the air. ‘It makes my blood boil just to think about him out there.’
without one of you lot – you mighty alphas giving me permission. I don’t
Only a bonded omega’s alpha could slake the lust and rising temperature of their omega. Even if another alpha had sex with them, it would make no difference.
‘Well, he’s had a bit of a day. John!’ the nurse turned her volume up. ‘John, keep your eyes open. We need you awake before we can take you onto a ward.’
Mycroft’s expression went from horrified anger to apoplectic rage. ‘You…’ he took a deep breath as if he was about to start screaming. Then let it out slowly, eyes closed, clearly trying to stay calm. ‘It’s alright,’ he said firmly. ‘You probably aren’t, anyway. It’s too soon.’
What had they been thinking, giving this child to a grown man?
John silently shouted.
“Shh,” the vampire stroked a finger down John’s jaw. “No need to panic. Calm down.”
“What I want is for him to realise the reality of the situation,” Mycroft said. “You
"You look awful," Sherlock shook his head as he watched him. "You don't need those drugs."
what happened, little brother?’ he asked, very gently. ‘What you did, what he did?’
The young man looked away as John’s blurry figure left the view of the window.
And as summer approached, John knew he was going to end up going into rut.
“I’m so close,” John choked. “Please. Fucking yes… Sher…”
“He has put you up for a long time, though,” John said, shuffling closer on the bed as Sherlock held the booklet aloft. “It’d be nice for him to see you graduate.”
“That’s true, yes, but I’d say anything that gives you some relief is something worth sticking with,” the doctor crossed his legs. “People have been self-medicating since the dawn of time.”
Sherlock’s eyes were closed, now, the lilac hoods of his eyelids just visible in the darkness.
“It’s standard practice for a doctor to do the hand-over if they’re involved,” John countered. He looked out of the window, and took several deep breaths. “I suppose you want me to be grateful that you thought to try and find me at all.”
“My client has a statement he wishes to read, Madam Justice,” Miss Kogan said as Mayhew stood up.
“He told me his diagnosis,” he forced out.
“Access to the library, and any questions answered,” Cam said. “And I do mean any. You’re nearly a man, Sherlock. Do you really want to be treated like a child for your whole life?”
“Love.”
Sherlock watched John, who, after a moment of looking back at Sherlock, took a drink of his coffee.
And more! See our website for recruitment details.
“I did.”
“Yes, he wanted to make a report. He says not to worry about the jacket.”
“Ow,” Sherlock whispered.
“Two weeks to go,” Sherlock sighed, looking over at his binder, hanging on the outside of the wardrobe door.
“I guess,” Sherlock pursed his lips. “What does that mean, though?”
“Brixton,” the closest man said.
Sherlock moaned, bucking back against John’s finger. “John!”
“That ok?” John stilled his hand.
He was tempted to ask the immature alpha for the homework himself, and get rid of him, but Sherlock appeared a heartbeat later, changed into his best jeans and baggy t-shirt that made him look sweet and so typically virginal and omega that he made John freeze in shock. The dark materials contrasted with his pale flesh and skinny arms, and he looked undeniably beautiful.
“I promise to tell you,” his mum said. “Just not whilst your dad’s driving, ok?”
“Ah. I thought maybe you were… but yeah.”
John wondered, as Sherlock stroked his hair.
John raised his newspaper to hide his grin. Three weeks after Sherlock’s results, and he’d finally relented to going out to a celebratory meal with his family. John had had to tell him to agree to go – Sherlock hadn’t seen his mother since last summer, and his brother since his escapades on the streets.
Sherlock took his hands. “John,” he said firmly, “I don’t know what happened between you and Sholto, last night, but the fact you’ve struck him says enough. And let me say this to you:
John left a note for James, and let himself out the front door.
In the quiet of the flat, the clock ticking every second sounded so very loud.
“Fine, physically,” John said, letting her fix a blood pressure cuff to his arm, and do her thing.
The solicitor faltered, and looked at his notes.
Sherlock opened his mouth to answer. To confide in the man who had given his gifts, chances, tutoring. To tell the alpha who had been taken in by Sherlock, but had kept his secret. Hadn’t told anyone.
Sherlock’s eyes went wide. ‘John?’
“Um…”
Sherlock’s eyes were wild – staring at nothing. He was shaking, crying, not fighting John one bit as he slumped back onto the tiles, blood covering him, pouring from ragged, deep wounds on his –
“He’s fifteen,” John released the handshake. “Did you honestly think –”
John wanted to speak. He wanted to start speaking, start apologising, start trying to explain, but he couldn’t.
“We…” John cleared his throat. “Er, yeah. It’s fine, Polly, honestly. If Sherlock’s happy for me to treat him?”
“John,” Mycroft raised a hand. “I’m not going to hurt you. I’m going to take care of you, I swear it. You need me, I can smell it. You smell so good…” he stepped forward.
John almost said, then. What his plans were, for the next day. Going to the secure unit with Sherrinford. Seeing Eurus. Speaking to her. Saying what needed to be said.
John kept up his attentions on Sherlock’s chest and neck, sliding a hand down to the young man’s trousers, and undoing the catch on his belt.
"They?"
Sherlock actually felt relieved at his brother’s words, but pulled a face at him rather than show it.
“Don’t you dare come over, Mycroft. Find John. Find him. I… Oh, fuck!” he hung up as an orgasm caught him off-guard, sending him to the floor as he rutted into his returning hand, not getting nearly the amount of relief he craved. He let out a broken sob.
Lestrade stood. “Come on, then.” He started walking, and Sherlock followed him. “So, you were living with a friend? Not your parents?”
Sherlock sniffed, turning his head back a little. “But you want me.”
The omega roared in effort he didn’t know he had, feeling the impossible happen as his baby was delivered into John’s hands.
…and so was Sherlock.
Sherlock didn’t answer, and for a moment John thought he was being ignored. Until Sherlock closed his laptop lid, and steepled his fingers under his chin, thoughtfully.
“I think I could do both,” Sherlock said suddenly. “Feeds-wise, I mean.”
“Right…” the nurse kept the door open, and looked into the waiting room. “Is there someone with you?”
John’s stomach flipped.
“Well, older om… older people,” John couldn’t bring himself to say it, “older people can have more difficult pregnancies. It’s more likely the foetus will develop problems, or that I might.”
John shook his head, a grin growing again on his face. “…that’s not a thing.”
?” Sherlock glowered. “Shouldn’t you be happy I’m not staying with someone twice my age?”
“Urgh,” Sherlock winced. “John.”
“I’m sorry to disturb, sir,” she said, “but it’s snowing harder, now.”
“Not the bat as much as his behaviour causing it,” Sherlock said. “He’s not attracted to omegas, on the day to day, but that was… an unforeseen event.”
But this one ranked right up there.
“He was a Type One diabetic, and his insulin levels were low. Might be worth examining the contents of his stomach. He may have been running or trying to escape his attacker for some time. CCTV?”
‘I can say no,’ Sherlock said. ‘I can. We can have this coming year, and… and then we’ll both be sixteen and…’ it sounded pathetic. ‘John, I’m sorry. I’ve messed this up. I thought…’
“That’s one thing, yes…” Mycroft tilted his head to the side. “It appears that Doctor Watson has had his records amended… or amended them himself, several times.”
More laughter.
Sherlock raised his hands. “Calm down. I’ll call 999, and see what they say. You’re a doctor, you can… talk shop to them, if you need to. What do you need?”
“Just going out,” John said, zipping his coat up.
“As such, I'm feeling a bit peckish,” Sherlock drew out the word like a knife. “If you would do me a favour and eat something so you're not anaemic when I'm finished with you, I'd be much obliged."
Sherlock considered. “Not a beta girl, I don’t think.”
John tensed, fear washing through his insides like icy water – god, what if someone had broken in, and was hurting Sherlock – hurting anyone? He took out his phone, and dialled 999, holding his thumb over the ‘Call’ button, as he pushed the door open.
“It isn’t a problem.”
There was no
And John let him, squeezing back just as tight. “Sherlock…”
Sherlock considered. ‘St Ives,’ he said.
‘Maybe he would leave his spouse for you?’ he suggested.
“Yes,” she squeaked, eyes brimming with tears. “I just… sneezed.”
“Well, I know yours is Sherlock,” he said. “And mine…” he offered a hand. The back of it was wrinkled, and marked with age spots near the thumb. “Mine, is Charles. That’s what you can call me. When you come to see me again.”
to me, even though I’ve told you what Eurus is like. What she did to me, what she did to us. She made me believe that omegas are terrible. She made me believe you were manipulating me. Do you understand how difficult it has been to try and train myself out of thinking like that?”
“I was thinking,” Sherlock said. “…what if you met my family?”
“That’s good…” James turned his coffee mug around. “So… what’s the plan for telling Sherlock?”
John’s stomach rolled, and he swallowed hard, feeling his entire body tense and contract. Sherlock could do that, now. That knot thing. That… that thing… John had to do that.
Sherlock still wasn’t moving. John wasn’t 100% sure he was breathing.
Summer ended, and autumn went by in a flash of school uniforms and games. John broke his wrist playing rugby, and wore a cast for four weeks, ignoring the advice to give up the game once it was healed. He took his first Year 10 mock exams, and was relieved to pass (and actually do rather well).
Cam was a friend. A generous friend, who had forgiven Sherlock for tempting him. Gave Sherlock opportunities to learn, to grow, to ask questions. He was old, yes, but all that meant in the long-run was that Sherlock would be widowed relatively young.
John looked up. “Sherlock would never let me go and see Eurus, Sherrinford. Never.”
John sat back. “How… did I feel about it?”
SEVEN
‘Not for a couple of days at least,’ the nurse agreed. ‘You had a couple of transfusions, and surgery, you need to stay here where we can keep an eye on you.’ He glanced at John, shrewdly. ‘I know you’re a first-time mum, but you need to think of your own health as well.’
“Thank you, then let us begin.” Eyre opened the first file in front of her. “The case brought by Mr Mayhew is that he should be recognised as the biological father and legal guardian of Baby B, also that Mr Watson has obstructed this outcome from already taking place.” She flipped the file closed. “Miss Kogan, do you have anything to add to the case already presented?”
“Nice,” John said, closing the door behind him. “At least it’s not pink, eh?”
“He was ill, for the first day or so – violently sick, temperature, hallucinating, desperate to find you. He scented all over the flat, tried to follow your scent outside, though the rain had long since washed it away.”
‘They can’t afford to send me to uni,’ Sherlock said. ‘Omegas fees are more, same as international students. You can look it up. And we can’t apply for loans because we can’t own property.’
The intimacy, the taboo nature of the act, the trust and closeness, was something never given to him before. This was so far removed from a wank in the showers, or having a dry cock rammed inside him in the barracks, that he could barely handle it.
Sherlock ran his tongue over his own teeth. “I don’t know if he knew, John. But he must have known there was a chance, or else why would he have done it?”
“You know that’s not true,” John said. “James, you know –”
“I shan’t say anything to Sherlock,” Mycroft said. “However, I am concerned about where your sudden interest had sprung from..?”
He parted his legs a little.
Sherlock clambered in, barefoot to hide the noise of his footsteps, and grinned as John closed the window as quietly as he could.
‘I don’t want to live my life in fear,’ Sherlock went on. ‘And my mother has always said that if you find someone you trust, an alpha you trust and who has shown they can protect you… you should count yourself lucky. So…’ Sherlock forced down a wash of terror, and reached a hand across the table. He could see it shaking, and hoped it would come across as simply nerves. ‘Charles,’ he said, in as smooth a voice as possible, ‘would you – would – would you –’ He couldn’t get the words out. They were sticking in his throat like toffee, gamming up his teeth and stealing his voice.
