"Fuck..." he groaned. It was too early after the night he'd had. What had her name been? Nikki? Natasha?
"Oh, wow, are you really giving me the 'it's not you, it's me' speech?" Dean asked, looking awkward and pained.
"It's hardly a party, Cas," he answered, gesturing around them.  The usual bikers were lined up at the bar, and several small groups of people were gathered at various tables and around the dartboard to see in the new year.  It was still early, so there weren't as many revellers gathered in yet.  "Besides, who have you been talking to?"
He said that last part hesitantly, and Dean was eager to ease his anxiety.  Unfortunately he'd never been very good with words.  Kissing Cas again, he hoped his actions spoke louder than any words could.  "You are," he added, seeking to emphasise his point.  Reaching for Castiel's hand, he intertwined their fingers.  "Fuck, I want...  I want to make this work.  It'd just be a lot easier to get my head straight if I knew what the problem
"Laugh it up, Winchester.  In fact, laugh yourself all the way over to the office and give this to Cas."
They were a lovely shade of blue, but when Dean turned them around he could see they had a gaudy pattern across the ass.
Dean was wonderful at playing the guitar, but he was also a pretty good singer.  The grin on Castiel's face grew wider as he listened, and he hoped that his enthusiasm for Dean's talent would give his husband a much-needed confidence boost.
"Plucky Pennywhistle's," Dean remembered fondly as he reached for his own mail.  "We used to go there as kids."
"Mmm," Cas agreed, as his deft fingers unbuckled Dean's belt - a couple of tugs sliding it free of the loops - then unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans.  He lowered his head and mouthed the warm bulge of his husband's rapidly growing arousal through his underwear, and Dean choked out his name.  "Yes?" Cas asked innocently, turning his face towards him.
"With the lid," Dean said.  "You need to be able to get your hand in there and have some room to move around, so make it a decent size"
Dean nodded.  "I do."  He might be a little afraid of what he'd remember, but he wanted to be able to touch Cas; wanted Cas to be able to touch
The hand on his waist palmed up his back, firm in a way that seemed to say, I've got you, and he kissed Dean back even more fervently.  He moved a hand to mirror Dean's, cupping his face and finding the scratch of stubble on his palm oddly satisfying.
was enough to rip his heart into shreds because he knew it would never happen, but it didn't stop him from wishing for it.
They stepped out of the car and, as they walked towards the door, Cas gave Dean's arm a reassuring squeeze.  Dean nudged him back, then held the door for him.  As he followed Cas through, his eyes found Jo at the bar and he flushed.
Castiel lifted Dean's arm around his shoulders and snuggled into his side.  "Maybe.  Maybe not.  But go to sleep."
"If you wanted to keep it on, all you had to do was say," Cas told him.  "I just wanted to see you.  You're
Startled by Dean's sudden outburst, Castiel looked up from the book to find Dean bleeding over the potatoes.  Quickly stepping around the counter, he dragged his friend over to the sink and forced his hand under the cold tap.  "Keep it there," he instructed.  He rushed into the bathroom, making a mental note to keep some first aid supplies in the kitchen from now on.  When he came back Dean was sucking on his finger like a child.
The longer he stared, the more he started to appreciate that Cas was in fact a good-looking guy.  Sure, he wasn't oblivious to his own good looks - they'd won him many a woman at the end of a night - but Cas was... well...  He'd even venture as far as to call him devastatingly handsome - at least in his mind.
"Well, if you can cook half as well as it looks like you can, I may never let you leave!" he laughed.
Time seemed to drag on forever as he waited for Father Reynolds to return.  While he waited, he cast a glance up at the crucified Jesus hanging above the altar.  "I don't even know if you're real, but I could use a little help here."
Cas snickered before teasing him some more.  "It's okay.  You're not as messy as when I first moved in."
"What? No! I like women, not—" Dean cut himself off and cast a sideways glance at Cas, noticing the subtle twitch at the corner of his mouth. "Did you just crack a joke?"
Dean skipped through the channels but nothing caught his eye, so he passed the remote to Cas who settled for a nature documentary about meerkats.  It wasn't long before Dean ventured back to the kitchen for a second beer, however, not even halfway through his pizza.  By the time he was finished he was on his third.  When Castiel took the empty pizza boxes away and Dean asked him to bring back what would be his fourth, Castiel spoke up.
Castiel's cheeks turned slightly pink.  "I couldn't stop thinking about you," he confessed.  "It was the first time I admitted, out loud to someone, that I loved you."
"That's what he said," Andy told him, wiping his hands down his front and moving away from the car he was working on with Dean.
As he watched the others lay down hands that his would easily trump, he became more and more certain that he would be going home a rich man tonight.
Castiel looked at him blankly, his neutral expression disguising the fact that he thought that was a really stupid question to ask someone who had intended to jump off a bridge two nights ago. "No, no plans," he said, thinking
"Oh, are we making this a competition?" Dean joked.  "Because in that case, I'm more than more than okay."
"I hope you're not going to tell me that's the other ten percent of your personality," Castiel said quietly.
"What did you do?" He was very interested to know exactly what kind of a man he was now living with for the time being.
Castiel tried not to look too pleased as he reached for another ball.  "I don't think I'm going to manage to hit that last one, though."
"Let me see?" Dean asked, letting out a low whistle when he saw the three '$40.00's on the card.  "Nice one."
"If Pamela hadn't helped me, and we weren't doing any of this, I'd understand if you did.  And maybe, if you were still coming home to me, I'd be okay with it."
The next song had a catchy beat, and Dean found himself bobbing along with the tune - until he started listening to the lyrics.
"Fuck," he hissed, wishing that Balthazar hadn't tried to play Cupid.  He knew his reaction had been extreme, and could only hope that the others were too engrossed in the film to wonder why.
He stayed on the edge of the crowd that had gathered to watch, moving around to the front when Dean finished and the Christmas music started back up again.
Dean looked down at their linked hands, Castiel's thumb rubbing soothingly across the back of his.  It was wrong.  It was all so wrong.  And yet, on some level - though it scared him to admit it - it felt kind of
"No, Cas, just... I guess what I'm trying to say is that your life shouldn't be solely focused on what you can do for other people. You're just as important as they are."
Castiel groaned, and retched over the bowl once again.  He hoped Dean wasn't too upset with him about tonight.  He didn't seem to be, but then Bobby had said that Dean had a tendency to bottle things up.  He vowed to himself that tomorrow they would have their movie night, and Dean could have the final say on what films they watched.
"I know," Dean responded, thinking of all the birthdays and Christmases that had passed them by.  And not for lack of
Dean frowned. Castiel had seemed to be in a more positive mood yesterday – or perhaps that had just been because Dean had distracted him from his thoughts and given him something else to focus on. But he still couldn't think what could have reduced Castiel to
Another quick turn and the engine fell silent.  He dropped the keys back into the outer office and was about to leave when he heard Bobby curse from the other room.
As quickly as the half-smile lit up his face, his expression fell again into a more closely-guarded one.  Once they were in the car, Ben pulled a handheld gaming console out of his backpack and turned it on.
"I enjoy cooking," Castiel offered eventually, when it was clear Dean didn't really know what to say next.
"Balthazar," Dean pointed out, taking another sip.  "And I just so happened to be out having sex at the time you decided to kill yourself."
"What about Bobby?" he pressed.  When Dean didn't answer, he tried again more desperately.  "Dean, what happened?!"
He tried to encourage Cas to reschedule his first appointment with Pamela, but settled for driving him there and back when Castiel insisted on going.
Castiel's hands fidgeted in his lap and he avoided her gaze.  "Not good," he admitted, after a pause.
"I realise that now is hardly the time to talk business, Bobby, but I had an idea I wanted to run past you."
They drank their way through two beers each, with Dean's attention split between Cas and the football game showing on the TV behind the bar.  He didn't realise how much time had passed until the game was finished, and he turned to Cas who hadn't moved in over half an hour.
"It'd be a very short list," he told her.  He saw a brief flash of emotion - disappointment, or something like irritation, perhaps - cross her face before she caught herself.  Though, he acknowledged, that could just be him expecting the worst. He knew what
While Cas washed up their lunch dishes Dean lay on the sofa, staring at the blank TV screen in which he could just make out his darkened reflection.  Cas was so patient - more patient than Dean would be if their roles were reversed.  He wished he could just drill into his head, find the piece of his brain that was screwing up his attempts at building something with Cas, and cut it out.
asked her if she ever felt a bit weird being down this way.  She said the first time she came out with Charlie they went somewhere quiet, just until she got used to the people."
her.  Digging into her pocket, she pulled out her card.  "Give me a call and I can take your statement whenever you're free."  She was talking to Dean, but addressed Castiel as well to make sure that at least one of them was taking in what she was saying.  "I want to catch the son of a bitch who did this."
Thanksgiving dinner was better than anything Dean had ever eaten, he decided as he tucked in.  Castiel had made plenty, so he helped himself to seconds.  And, okay, maybe thirds as well.
In the living room Dean grinned when Castiel sat beside him and he could the warmth radiating off his body.  After just ten minutes of play Castiel's head dropped heavily onto his shoulder.  Dean glanced down, a soft smile spreading across his face as Castiel began to snore.
"We've got a nice little spread in New Mexico where we raise horses.  Tomorrow we pick up a new stallion before making the long drive back."
Fortunately there was still some clothes hanging on the dryer in the kitchen from the day before, including a flannel nightshirt.  He slipped it on along with a fresh pair of boxers and made himself a coffee.
Dean leapt to his feet and Castiel took that as a yes.  It was easier to relax this time around, and he let Dean move him through the motions as he enjoyed the way Dean's hand was all but holding his own.
of being kept at arm's length.  Stepping away to give Dean space, he pointed out, "If I was a woman you wouldn't pull away."
"Have you any idea how worried I was not knowing if you were going to make it through the night?" Dean shot back.
"Sit there and think about what I just said. I'm going to go finish putting the new brake pads on that Mustang."
"No offence, Cas, but I think he'd get bored if I wrote him a letter telling him all about the guy who moved in with me," Dean said lightly.
men, as his dad would probably have put it, and yet completely in love with each other.  But then, it wasn't like
"Was it at least a sweeping romantic gesture?" she asked wistfully, her tone playful.  "Did he hold a boombox outside your window, or climb a fire escape with a dozen red roses, or ditch his heels and run barefoot to catch you in the subway station?"
A little over an hour later, Cas was blasting the wall with a powerhose.  The graffiti remover he'd picked up seemed to have done the trick.  Although it was still visible, it was noticeably fainter.  Hopefully after a second application it would be gone.
There hadn't been much Dean could do with the car when he'd first bought it - he couldn't start work on it until the paperwork was finalised and, even when it was, he'd needed to wait until there was space in the garage to work on it because there'd been a backlog of cars.  When he'd
"I'm fine," Castiel insisted, but sat down anyway.  Sometimes he breathed too deeply and his side protested, so it would be good to catch his breath.
kind of together now, even if nothing had changed dramatically, but when he'd planned this little outing it was only because Cas had complained that he wanted to 'get out more'.
After a moment Dean gave in, because actually Cas running his hand through his hair was kind of nice.  Carefully, he snuggled up against Cas's side.  "I don't cuddle," he insisted, before adding, "but I'll let you hold me if it makes you feel better."
Dean took the bundle of envelopes from him and started sifting through them.  He tossed junk mail over his shoulder - causing Cas to tut disapprovingly - and put anything resembling a bill in a pile to his right.  He was left with a couple of plain envelopes that, judging from the postmarks, were most likely from Sam and Lisa.
Hi, guys.  So it turns out I'm an idiot.  I've been concentrating so much on getting Dean's therapy right that, during various rewrites of Chapter 53, I managed to forget that Jo already knew he and Cas were a couple.  (Oops.)  So on top of redrafting and finalising Chapter 54, I had to rewrite that again as well.  I suggest you go back and re-read the last scene of Chapter 53 before reading this.
A subtle quirk of her eyebrow was the only acknowledgement he got that this was the first answer he'd given that was obviously personal.  "Death."
intimate details about his friend's sex life - he'd naïvely been of the opinion that sex was when penetration occurred.  But now he knew that hands, mouths, and even toys could be used to reach climax, and each one of those scenarios were a sex act.  Eventually he came to the decision that, if two people masturbating side-by-side could legally be considered sex (even if neither laid a hand on the other), then he and Dean
Castiel sniffed.  He could smell oil and gas and... fat.  Greasy fat.  "Where are we?" he asked, peeking out of one eye.  At least the sun was out, now.
Castiel smiled sadly, and shook his head.  "They didn't sack me.  I lived in a small, very religious town.  If I hadn't handed in my resignation the townspeople would have boycotted the shop had my sexuality become public knowledge.  They were nice people – I didn't wish to see them go out of business."
Dean stared at him, seeing his helplessness written all over his face, and sensing the urgency with which he wanted to do
"Oh, I know," Andy agreed.  "It's just kids with nothing better to do.  Vandalism's just inconvenient, but how long before these kids start fighting and carrying guns?"
He reached for the shampoo and massaged it into his hair before ducking under the water again to rinse it off.  Then he washed himself all over, and by that time the bathwater had started to cool so he pulled the plug and dried himself off, belatedly realising that he hadn't brought clean clothes with him.
Cas looked disappointed, and for a moment - just a moment - Dean felt bad.  But there was no other way.
They drove the rest of the way in silence, Castiel's hand still on Dean's knee.  For once, he wasn't even tempted to play music - the silence between them and the roar of the engine felt somewhat comforting.
When Dean left, Castiel moved to the sink and removed the dishes, pouring out the water and refilling the basin – this time with washing up liquid. It took no time at all to wash and dry the few dishes there were, and Dean came back just as he was hanging the damp dish towel over the radiator.
"What I wouldn't give for a banana," he commented in between mouthfuls of baked beans - the third time that week they'd served them on toast for dinner.  "Or a fried egg."
Castiel was reluctant to concede that Jo was right to worry.  He couldn't spend the rest of his life pining after Dean - not that she knew how strongly he felt.  But it was hard to move on when faced with the person you wanted every day; though he wasn't even sure he
"Whatever. So what's the story this time, hmm? No, wait, let me guess – you're short on either your rent, or your electric bill. Which is it?"
to be one chapter sort of got away from me to the point that it was almost 20,000 words.  Structuring it has been a nightmare, and I couldn't post the beginning because I kept swapping scenes around to make it flow better.  But now that I've got the pacing sorted out it should be an easier job to work on dividing it up.
He sat and watched whatever explosion-filled movie Dean was watching, but it failed to hold his interest.  Making his coffee had been more interesting.
As he looked back on his week with Ben, his thoughts turned to his own father.  Being dragged around the country, left alone in motel rooms, learning all too young what it meant to go hungry because you didn't budget for Sam losing a shoe.  John Winchester worked hard, and drank hard.  They'd never gone to the beach, or the zoo, or even spent an afternoon throwing a ball at a park.  They'd taken one vacation to the Grand Canyon, however - a trip that Dean could barely remember.  Their childhood hadn't been perfect, but he had no doubts that their father had loved them - in his own way.  When Dean looked at his mother he saw himself in her, and he wondered what it had been like for his dad to see her in him.  Dean's jaw quivered.  Maybe that's why John had always drunk so much.  And then it wouldn't have been his fault that they'd
As Dean's fingers intertwined with his own Castiel felt a little giddy, but also more grounded than he'd felt since they'd embarked on this relationship that was new to both of them.  He understood that to hold hands in public, away from the attention of their friends, was a small step for Dean - but it seemed like a much larger step for both of them.  His grip was firm and his hand warm - if a little sweaty.  He chanced a look at Dean, whose jaw was set in a hard line and who wore an expression that practically screamed, '
Castiel finished wiping down the sink and hugged Dean.  "There's no reason to be nervous, you know.  At least for you.  Ben knows you and loves you.  Me, on the other hand?  I'm a complete stranger he may not even like."
"I worry that you've tried too hard to emulate him," she said softly.  "Looking up to him as a child, trying to be him when he wasn't around because you didn't know how else to look after Sam.  As an adult, wanting to be like him so that he would look upon you favourably as an equal."
He'd never cared about a guy the way he'd cared about Lisa, or Cassie.  At thirty-two years old, you'd think he'd have his life sorted out by now - that he'd know who he was, and what he wanted.
Castiel looked at him like he was mad, but Dean was to preoccupied with a knot in his laces to notice.
Bobby still wasn't happy about being pushed into the age of technology, and on some level it felt like Cas had taken a step backwards.  Now he had to go over everything he'd done a second time to enter the data into one or more of several databases he's created, but on the other hand he was getting through things quicker.  Now he didn't need to keep every scrap of paper Bobby had hoarded; just those from the previous financial year.  Everything else could be disposed of once it had been entered into the computer.
"I suppose I'm lucky, really," Cas said emotionlessly. "My family could have killed me, but instead they just disowned me. At least I still get to have a life."
But Cas shook his head.  "That's irrelevant.  There's Bobby, and Benny, and Andy...  They're all really nice.  They're very good to me."
"It's nice to meet you, Dean," Castiel lied as he drained the pasta and split it between the two bowls, before spooning the chicken and sauce over the top.  He carried Dean's over to the table first before retrieving his own and a small tub of grated parmesan, which he sprinkled over the top.
"All I'm saying is, there is often more to be gained by taking a few risks every now and then.  Look at where you are now, compared to where you'd have likely been if you'd never moved in with Balthazar."
sorry," Dean said, still not looking him in the eye.  "I overreacted.  I mean you were half asleep and dreaming, right?"
Bobby stared at him for a long moment.  "You realise I don't know the holiday schedule off by heart, right?"
was the word. He supposed the fact that he had given him a place to stay would have helped a little, but he figured the church had probably had a lot to do with it. When your life was going to shit, it helped to have something else to focus on. He turned the key in the ignition and drove home.
They stopped off at a café on the way and bought sandwiches, crisps, and drinks, then Dean drove them out of town.  He glanced over at Cas as they drove over the bridge, aware of his friend looking out at the place he'd fallen from.
"I..."  But the words got stuck in Dean's throat, and he didn't finish his sentence.  "Good night," he whispered instead.
"I COULDN'T FUCKING DO IT, DEAN!" Castiel screamed. "I couldn't..." he choked back a sob, and took a deep breath. When he spoke again, his voice only wavered slightly. "I couldn't do it."
"Well, I'm pretty easy to please," Cas told him with a smile.  "All I ask is that you're faithful, and that you try to let me in."
be embarrassing, but there would then be no way to avoid Dean hearing everything and Castiel couldn't put into words how much he didn't want to end up on the street again.
An hour later they sauntered along at a leisurely pace, browsing shop windows and munching on some free samples that were being handed out.
begin to accept who I am, and the man I fall for...  I have no doubts he loves me in his own way, but it's not enough."
Dean let out a breath, trying to forget about his earlier conversation with Benny.  "Yeah, things are good.  Things are really good," he told her.  "He still doesn't know I'm his dad, which sucks, but I suppose I get it.  But I'm going to prove to Lisa that I can do this.  That I'm
"It felt like we were just beginning to find our feet together, though home was the only place we could really be together, and now even that has been taken away from us."
Dean acted like he was going to throw the ball forcefully back, but then laughed and gently tossed it over to him.  They threw it back and forth as Cas watched, sometimes having to swim after it when their aim was off.
"Can I get another whiskey after I've finished this?" he asked, even though he was the customer and could have anything he damn well liked.
"Maybe," she agreed carefully.  "But you have to be prepared for the possibility that this won't help in the way you're hoping."
After a moment, Cas pulled back ever so slightly.  "You had a... good session today?" he asked carefully against Dean's lips.
He shrugged modestly, but pride pooled in his gut.  "It's not much in the grand scheme of things, and it meant nothing to my family, but it meant everything to me."  Sadness flicked across his face.  "That's one of the reasons I chose my degree.  My father didn't like computers but understood that, whether he liked it or not, the world was changing.  Even our town was beginning to modernise."
that Cas just wanted to sit and listen to him for hours.  Instead, he settled for straining his ears to hear Dean play.
"You?" Dean asked, momentarily confused before he caught himself.  "I mean, yeah, of course you will."
"And that's one too many, Dean.  I'm sorry, I really do want you to be a part of Ben's life, but until I can trust you with him I can't—"
"I'm sure your boss doesn't pay you to flirt," the driver of the Camino said, storming into the office.
Dean's attention flicked back to the television for a minute, just in time to see the wrong team score. He scowled and punched the arm of the sofa in frustration.
"You know I think this'll be the first year you haven't picked up some random chick?" Jo teased him as she poured his drinks.
"Sorry," Cas apologised, unable to keep the disappointment out of his voice as he dropped his hands.
"Here, I hope," Dean said, straddling Cas' lap and leaning in to kiss him. His breath hitched as he felt Cas' hands land on his waist, sliding lower.  He waited for the fear, the panic, anything - but there was only Cas watching his face with restrained longing.  "I'm good," Dean assured him with a grin. "This is good."
"Ah, yes."  He acted disappointed.  "Then I guess I won't eat Dean.  For now…" he teased, turning back to look at Dean who was turning a vivid shade of red.  "That gives me longer to fatten you up," he teased, poking Dean's stomach.
He fidgeted beside Cas as he watched him unwrap it, peeling back layers of paper until several second-hand videos were revealed.  Castiel said nothing while he read the titles and examined the covers with interest.
Blinking, the world came back into focus and Castiel's concerned face filled his vision.  "Cas?  What are you doing here?"
Cas cast a glance at him, then slowed and indicated left.  If Dean wouldn't talk to him, then at least he was willing to talk to
In their bed, Dean flinched.  He draped a protective arm over his eyes and grumbled something incoherently.
"I get it.  And then they get sent out where they're needed, right?  Like where's there's been war or a disaster?"
It took them longer than Castiel had anticipated to browse through them all, for they kept getting distracted reminiscing, but eventually they had a folder of images to have printed.  Then, their time up and with the realisation that neither of them knew where to find a photographer, Dean went off in search of an assistant in the hope of getting directions while Cas removed the memory card and logged off the computer.
, brother.  I can see the way you're looking at him.  And you can't shut up about any cute guy you see."
"No-one hanging around after closing, no cars crawling by and driving off, no nuisance calls?"  She looked at Castiel at that last one.
"I'm your—  Yeah.  I'm your... boyfriend."  Dean licked his lips.  "Not gonna lie, that's going to take a lot of getting used to.  Anyway, I'll support you in anything you do.  'Cause we're family."
"The hell does everyone think I have girl troubles?" Dean slurred down the phone.  He snorted, then added, "Only trouble is I haven't had a girl in... in... I dunno, dude.
"I didn't think cats were supposed to like belly rubs?" Cas chuckled.  As he raised a hand to stroke him, he sighed and acknowledged, "It's not like I was getting much done, anyway."
"What are you looking at?" Dean asked defensively, sucking in his gut a little when he caught Castiel staring at him.
Cas tilted his head, eyes shining in amusement as he listened to Dean dig himself into a hole.  Luckily for Dean, he wasn't easily insulted.  "The human body comes in all shapes and sizes - why should our genitals be any different?" he asked matter-of-factly.
Jody sighed.  "Look, I don't know you and you don't know me, but I know Bobby Singer is a good guy so if he says the two of you are alright then you're alright."  She gave him a card.  "If you need anything, you give me a call, okay?  I don't want to be clearing up your friend's mess if he gets behind the wheel of a car again in the state he was in last night."
With the last of the groceries put away, he slipped on the jacket he'd taken off not five minutes ago and headed back out.
True to his word, Dean wouldn't let Castiel move unless he needed to use the bathroom.  After they finished
"Castiel, listen to me," Balthazar said, his voice more serious than Cas had ever heard it.  "You are in love with a man who is unable to care for you the way you want him to.  You've taken the first step in moving out, but you can't spend your evenings moping around in my house."
"That's not his fault," Dean said automatically, and he wondered when it had become second nature for him to defend Cas.  "His family were…"  He trailed off, searching for the right words.
"Alright."  Cas sighed in defeat.  "I just want you to know that you are not alone."  He closed the door and turned to greet Balthazar, who smiled and pulled him into a one-armed embrace as they moved towards the restaurant door.
As Benny walked back over to the rest of the guys from work, Dean called out to him.  "Hey, Benny.  Do you like bowling?"
don't deserve to be treated like second-class citizens," he said, slipping his hand into Dean's.  "Come on.  Let's go home.  Unless you want to stop by the Roadhouse for a drink?"
Before heading to bed that night, Dean pulled an old t-shirt out of a drawer.  He usually slept shirtless when it was warmer, but...  He ran a hand over the softness around his middle, pinching the excess flesh.  Catching sight of himself in the mirror, he abruptly turned away and yanked the shirt over his head before climbing into bed.  As he lay in bed with his eyes closed, he listened as Cas ran the tap, switched the light off, and closed the door.
"Dad used to make it with enough cayenne pepper in there to burn your lips off, but I left that out," Dean told him as he came back into the room.  "Don't want to upset your stomach any more than it already is."
"After that it's zebras, giraffes and elephants.  There's some kind of talk scheduled in this building after the elephant enclosure in…"  He checked his watch.  "Half an hour."
"No!" Dean cried, scandalised.  But he had to give Cas points for remembering her name.  "Titanic will never be seen within these four walls."
When Cas cupped his cheek, stroking a thumb across his stubble, Dean stared into his eyes.  He could see the love, and the hope, and the
, and I wanted him to be proud of me.  So I...  I guess I..."  He trailed off, unable to find the words to convey his thoughts.  "It's so fucked up," Dean carried on, "that I found it easier to let myself believe I'd been assaulted than failed my dad."
"Do you want to eat, or do you want to stare at my clothes all night?" Dean asked, clearly uncomfortable being scrutinised by them both.
He wasn't sure which one of them was more surprised when Dean launched himself at Cas, nearly squeezing the life out of him.  Cas grimaced and did his best to bear it, but eventually he needed to breathe.
was acting like a child, and Castiel was stuck in the middle.  He supposed that was how Michael must have felt, being stuck between his brother and his father.
When she made her way over to Dean he sat up in his seat and shook his head because while she was as beautiful as any of the other dancers she wasn't what he wanted tonight.  He didn't know what he was looking for - just that he'd know it when he saw it.  But she set her Stetson on his head and pouted, so he passed a dollar bill her way and she moved on with a smile.
She nodded, accepting his statement.  "Sometimes the things you find yourself discussing will be painful, or stressful, or make you feel uncomfortable.  I feel you've been burying your head in the sand these past few sessions, but you're beginning to realise it isn't helping.  I need you to work with me and try to face things.  Do you think you can do that?"
way...  about women..."  Castiel licked his lips.  "It was supposed to be punishment.  I think it just got out of control when I wouldn't agree to get married off."
"He's in a bad place.  Has been ever since Dad died."  Sam seemed to hesitate.  "Did he...  Has he told you about that?"
Dean lifted his arm around Cas's shoulders, stroking his fingers across his arm, as he looked around the room.  Jo was getting their drinks, Ellen was talking to some old guy at the—  Holy crap, that was Bobby!  Dean hadn't recognised him at first without his cap on.  He looked... tidy.  Ash was hustling middle-aged men at darts, Benny was in another corner with a girl and raised his glass in greeting when he saw them.  Despite what had happened earlier, their night was ending on a positive note, surrounded by people who loved and accepted them.
Pamela wrote something down, then looked at him.  "I want to address the first thing you said - you're Sam's
"Yeah," Dean agreed, "but someone could still buy it and fix it up themselves.  If they knew what they were doing."
Castiel picked up his ball, and stopped.  It was bad, so bad of him, but...  He turned back to Dean.  "Could you just show me again?"
race off like that again!" he admonished his friend, realising that he was coming across as the parent in this bizarre scenario.
Dean's jaw trembled, imperceptibly, and he swallowed thickly.  Without looking at Cas he spoke quietly, almost as if to himself.  "If I don't, what chance do we have?"
Cas sat down at the desk, ignoring the paperwork for now and setting about uninstalling the hundreds of toolbars Bobby - he assumed - must have unknowingly installed.  He was pretty sure that when Charlie showed him how to update the website she'd freak out over them.
"Very nice," Cas told him.  A more modest meal than Dean's, his crab came with a side salad and two slices of toasted soda bread.
When he was close enough, he backed into the door and forced it open, rushing back into the darkness of the bar and bumping into two people in his rush to get outside.  Just as he was about to clear the last table, a hand gripped his forearm and spun him around.
"I promised him I'd always be there for him," Dean said quietly.  "That's what I told him when we were kids.  And then I we grew up and I walked away."
He picked a few stray leaves off the windshield before getting into his car, and as the engine roared to life the radio came on.
."  She scratched her head in frustration.  "Why am I risking my job for some kid I don't know?" she asked herself.
"What if you hadn't had sex the night you found me on the bridge?  What if you hadn't gotten drunk and you'd driven home the night you found me in the park?"
Dean had been with her long enough now to realise that she was sharing her observation that this was the first time he'd not just acknowledged the poor decisions his father had made, but begun to really hold him
His fingers running through Dean's hair was soothing as he battled to get his emotions under control.  He'd only meant to state a simple fact - not turn into a sobbing wreck.  For some reason Castiel's touch was always relaxing so he leaned into him, seeking more comfort.  Doing this kind of stuff with Cas never bothered him, and he wished that everything with Cas could be this easy.
..."  Cas trailed off as he tried to figure how best to say what he was wondering.  "What I'm trying to ask is, is it... do you think that maybe you fall somewhere between the two?  Straight and gay, that is?"
good - but what about in between?  It did nothing to fill the emptiness inside him that he'd spent too many years trying to fill with junk food and alcohol.
"Thank God.  So... this 'new leaf' wouldn't have anything to do with you drinking yourself silly last week, would it?"
Dean took a deep breath, judging Castiel carefully before he asked his next question. "Was your father the reason you were on the bridge?"
Dean choked on thin air. "What?" he exclaimed. "Cas, I don't believe in the guy, but from what I hear God doesn't hate anybody."
While Cas retreated to the living room, Dean filled the sink with hot, soapy water as Ben cleared the table.
"We're good, Cas," Dean assured him, still stroking a hand over his hip.  "And so are these nachos, so eat them while they're hot."
Later that afternoon, as Cas was cleaning up Chuck Norris's 'accident' in the kitchen, Dean called his brother.
Ben stared at him in silence for a long moment, before turning around and swimming in the opposite direction.
Ben danced out of the way with a giggle but Dean didn't follow through, instead lowering his arm and dropping the towel back on the bench.
enough to make me suicidal, Dean," Cas told him sharply.  "I'm stronger than that.  It took my father
Edit: My beta would like me to point out that she had a vague recollection of Jo finding out, but couldn't remember when or where, and when I looked back I couldn't find the scene so thought maybe it had been cut or changed. I only came across it
Dean sighed heavily.  "You know, Cas," he said, moving to sit beside him.  "I thought you were going to leave."
Cas raised an eyebrow.  "I thought we weren't to bring him up when we were engaging in sexual activities?" he teased.
Despite doing his best to hold them back, a tear fell down his cheek.  Immediately it was brushed away by Castiel's gentle touch.
Chuck meowed at him, and he imagined that the kitten was berating him.  He didn't know what was wrong with him - he just couldn't focus.
If Dean didn't feel so sorry for Cas he might have laughed. "Cas!" he answered her suddenly, and a bit too roughly, causing Castiel to start. Dean turned to her. "His name is Cas. What's your name?"
"What's wrong?" he whispered, feeling like he was taking advantage of Dean's drunken state.  Which he probably was.
"I'd say that any time you don't put yourself down is an improvement.  And speaking of improvements, wouldn't you agree that it's important to want to be better for
"The damned insurance company is dragging its heels.  They need to hurry up and pay out so I can get it out of my yard!"
Castiel watched Dean's retreating back, quite sure that it was nothing other than a perfectly innocent (if drunken) gesture of friendship, but wishing is meant something more.
him.  But after everything we've both been through...  I don't expect life to be easy, but I'd have thought we'd have earned a respite from the obstacles God puts in front of us."
, no matter how much I try to pretend otherwise.  So if you're worried that I'm annoyed at you, stop.  It's not you, it's—"
"Yes," Dean breathed, hands already working at Santa's zipper and pulling out his hard length.  He pulled his own underwear aside and eased himself down onto his dick.
"Thanks, Cas," Dean murmured back gratefully. "Now stop being such a chick," he added lightly as he pushed Castiel off him, and Castiel immediately stepped back.
"I don't know if I have a 'type'.  All I know is I'm just not as interested in 'hooking up' as you."
, actually.  He kept thinking about what he'd done, and how there was no going back from it.  He couldn't even pass it off on him being drunk because he'd only had a couple of beers.  Fuck...  What had he done?
him introspect - because really, doing it during therapy was bad enough - he was aware of Cas watching him with growing apprehension.  "I'm okay," he decided aloud.  "Are you okay?"
"Yes." She smiled when he looked confused.  "I said I wanted honesty - that doesn't mean I have to accept what you say.  And if you don't want to be here, well, that just means I have to work harder to convince you this is worth committing to."  Taking a sip of her water, she leaned back in her seat.  "So, how about we start somewhere easy?  How have you been since our last session?"
Dean pulled a face.  "Well then, I think you made the right choice.  But it would still be nice if the people in these things could actually act."
"I just wanted to check that you're okay," he said, vaguely apologetic. "I really didn't mean to freak you out. I just..."  The man shrugged.
As much as Bobby liked to complain that his staff did no work, they worked their asses off and he knew it.  So, when Saturday came round, Dean was looking forward to doing as little as possible.  Until, that was, Cas reminded him about his appointment with Pamela.  Immediately his good mood soured.  The drive across town did little to improve it, what with roadworks coming hand-in-hand with temporary one-way streets and diversions.
"Maybe she was right.  I don't know."  Ben sighed.  After another long pause, he looked at Dean.  "I really missed you."
Dean was about to ask where the second fork was, but then another plate was placed in front of Cas.  "We just wanted one slice."
Dean turned to leave, but then poked his head through the doorway.  "Are you okay?" he asked hesitantly.
With an apologetic and grateful wave at the irritated drivers he'd given no choice but to stop and let him manoeuvre, he drove back into the garage lot.  He'd barely parked outside the office and stepped out of the car, when Cas appeared carrying a stuffed bag and a wriggling box.
Dean disappeared and returned with a knife. It wasn't the right one, but Castiel would make do. Dean hovered in the kitchen, totally not watching him, and Castiel briefly contemplated stabbing him with it. Instead he washed and dried it before handing it back to Dean without a word when he was finished with it.
"You want to line that thing up again?" Dean asked sharply, indicating the engine swinging slowly between them.
Dean stared at the hideous car that Cas loved so much, tucked away under a tarpaulin in the back of the garage, and wondered what the hell he'd been thinking.
"See you later Cas!" Dean shouted, and when the door clicked shut behind him Castiel went to raid the bathroom cabinet. He was not fine. He felt like someone was squeezing his brain.
Draping one of Castiel's arms around his shoulders, Dean half-carried him into the elevator where Cas nearly fell asleep again.  "Whoa, hey, stay awake just another minute, yeah?  I don't wanna be carrying you bridal style."
"I grew up being taught that I should honour and obey my father because it is God's will, and I still believe that, but my father also had a duty to care for me.  I was family, and he rejected me.  God will not look kindly on him for that, no matter my sins."
Cas cast an unamused glare his way, but the subtle twitch of his lips told Dean he wasn't completely annoyed.  "Only a little.  It's the fear that I'm
"In case you'd forgotten, I don't exactly have a lot of friends, Dean," Castiel continued coolly.  "Please don't make me choose between them."
Dean followed him in no rush, for there were several people in front of Cas.  He scanned the shelves, wondering if companies held a competition to see who could design the tackiest ornaments year after year.
He gripped the ball tightly, and tried to replicate Dean's movements.  He didn't trip up, he kept his foot behind the black line, and the ball left his hand with a slight thump onto the hard, glossy surface.  He watched as the ball veered left, and left, and left, and... straight into the gutter.  His shoulders slumped.
Dean glanced at his watch. It was nearly lunch time, and then he could get home. Thursdays were his favourite day, because although he loved his work he also loved having some time to relax, so getting to finish up at the yard at lunchtime was a good thing.
"Fuck you!" he shouted at the ceiling, splashing his face and washing away his tears.  "Fuck you and your kindness!  Fuck you and your green eyes!  Just... fuck you!"
"It smells good."  Dean stood there, watching Cas as he tidied up after himself.  "Look, about last night...  Well, you know I'm not
"I'm sorry," he said genuinely.  "Fuck, I was drunk and stupid and... and..."  Licking his lips nervously, he forced himself to continue.  "And I just got
"I'm sorry to hear that," she said sincerely, not pressing for details because she understood what he was saying.  "Why don't we start at the beginning?  Tell me about your childhood."
He panted his thanks and requested a ticket into town, collapsing into his seat as the bus began to move off again.  As the bus rumbled and shuddered along the pot-holed road, Cas pondered the line where sexual activity became
Castiel stared resolutely at a point somewhere over Dean's shoulder, unable to look Dean in the eye. "People die every day, Dean."
Dean felt guilty.  "That's not...  I didn't mean..."  Dean put his hands on Cas's shoulders and looked him straight in the eye.  "I'd listen to you.  If you wanted to talk...  I'd listen," he said awkwardly.
"I don't know what happened there because you never told me, and I'm not going to pry into what's not my business, but do you even know this guy?"
of houseplants.  It wasn't something he'd have expected, and he remembered being surprised when he'd moved into Balthazar's house for a week and found plants in nearly every room.  Eventually he'd asked Balthazar about it, and he'd revealed that one girl he'd been seeing had bought him a plant.  Another saw the plant looking a bit droopy and bought him another, thinking that the first would die soon and he'd like a replacement.  But the first had perked up, and suddenly women kept buying him plants because they thought he liked them.  At first he'd been hoping they'd die, despite finding himself unable to neglect them, but over time they'd grown on him.
Dean snorted.  "Like she's not going to have enough presents to open after dinner."  His parents spoiled Claire something awful.
"When the elevator's out it'd be a pain in the ass to drag a wheelchair up and down three flights of stairs."
.  Had been for over two weeks, and they still hadn't been on a date.  Sure, they'd gone out, but they hadn't been on a
Jo was silent as his words sank in, and then she let out a delighted cackle. "Oh my God! No! Ellen's my mother!"
Dean snorted.  "You sound like Pamela.  That's what we did today - tried to figure out how to tell you."
Castiel tried to turn over but his body was too heavy, and his head was pounding something awful.  He couldn't even squeeze Dean's hand to let him know that everything was going to be alright.
Dean took the stairs up for a change even though the lift had been repaired the day before, eager to work off his irritability before he walked through the front door. Sometimes he wished he had Bobby's lack of tolerance for idiots – some jerk had brought their car in five minutes before closing and instead of Dean telling them to bring it back tomorrow he's agreed to 'take a quick look at it' there and then. Forty-five minutes later he'd finished the job and was billing the guy two hundred and forty bucks for parts and labour.
He'd never seen that photo before, but had the vaguest recollection of it being taken.  Whatever had survived the fire his father had locked up in a storage unit, paying the bill every month and never setting foot in it again.  Indeed, it was only after his death that the two of them even knew about the locker.  Sam saw no need to keep it so Dean had taken its contents, but he hadn't looked at most of the stuff since.  It had just cluttered up his apartment for years.  He stroked two fingers across his mother's face then put the photo aside.
Over the next couple of weeks Dean worked too much, if you asked Cas.  After spending a whole evening making out on the couch, Cas thought Dean would take it easy on the extra hours.  Instead, it felt like he didn't even want to be around Cas.  Which was confusing, given how enthusiastic he'd been about kissing him.  Maybe... maybe Dean didn't desire a physical relationship with him - maybe all he felt was an
Sorry this is just a short chapter - I know I haven't updated since Asylum 14.  (It was amazing!)  I'm struggling with pacing out the next couple of chapters, but I'll try not to leave it too long before I get them up.
Only a couple of his closest friends knew, and he trusted them.  His moment of panic faded as the rest of Dean's words sank in.
A fond smile spread across his face.  He loved how much Dean loved his car.  "Whatever makes you happy."
.  He became hypnotised by his gyrating hips:  a spell only broken when Balthazar started laughing beside him.
"Until you get home later?" Charlie quipped.  When Dean scowled at her, she dropped her eyes back to the computer screen again.  "Databases, databases..."
Eventually Cas took his hand back, the red ghost of his handprint still marking Dean's skin from where he'd squeezed Dean too hard.
"Yeah - the same old stuff we always do.  Drink at The Roadhouse.  See a movie if we can afford it."
"Bitch about what?" Sam interrupted as he re-entered the room, his towel wrapped firmly around his waist.
His tone turned bitter and resentful as he talked about the long periods of loneliness, and the times spent quietly in motel rooms so nobody would realise he and Sam had been left by themselves.  Of being a mother and a father to Sam, whenever John was at work.  Of taking odd jobs himself to earn a few extra dollars to put food on the table when the money John had left them ran out.  Of the times John had passed out drunk and Dean had been scared stiff that he wouldn't wake up - that he and Sam would become orphans and separated by the state - but had to pretend like everything was okay so his little brother wouldn't worry.  Of desperately seeking his father's approval, because John Winchester meant everything to him.  And, if he was good enough, if he could make John happy enough, maybe he wouldn't leave again.  Maybe they could stay in once place.  Maybe they could have a
Castiel got to his feet with a heavy sigh, his knees cracking as his legs finally straightened out.  "It wouldn't hurt to check the rest of the house," he conceded, but he didn't sound optimistic.
"I'm sorry," Dean apologised.  "I shouldn't have gone off at you like that."  He wondered if there'd ever be a time he wasn't waiting for everything good in his life to fall apart.
Looking out at the mechanics' antics through the window, Charlie turned to Cas and smiled.  "I think I'm going to like it here."
Dean looked around, aware that anyone walking past could listen into their conversation.  "Could we talk inside?"
"You tell me."  As Dean stared at her in sullen silence, Pamela twirled her pen around her fingers.  "To
Dean's eyes seemed to close as his gaze dropped to Castiel's mouth, and his own fluttered closed as Dean kissed him again.  A soft moan died in his throat, and this time he kissed Dean back.  He probably wasn't very good but, as his hands came up to fist in Dean's shirt and keep him close, he decided he didn't care.  He wasn't going to miss his chance twice.
have happened, when those possible events hadn't come to pass.  Suddenly, Dean was kissing him and he stiffened in surprise. Just as he started to relax into the embrace, however, Dean quickly pulled away.
Castiel stared at his crossword puzzle.  "What's a six-lettered word for a 'dilapidated car'?" he asked.
"Not at all.  Work is important - it provides the income you need to provide a safe and stable home for you and Cas."
Dean's eyes widened, and he suddenly felt very light-headed.  "Why didn't you tell me before?" he asked, his voice breaking.
Ten minutes later, Cas was doing his best to undress a snoring Dean before he tried to roll him over enough to pull the covers out from underneath him.  "You're lucky I love you," he told him half-heartedly.  The truth was, he was afraid that this wasn't just grief but that Dean was going to regress back into the drinker he'd been when Cas had first met him.  While his boyfriend wasn't an alcoholic, he relied too much on alcohol to numb whatever feelings or memories he didn't want to deal with.  It wasn't healthy to bury emotions and responses.  He knew that, and he knew that Dean knew that.  But
He picked up a soft drink, his manners telling him not to drink alcohol around someone who wasn't or couldn't, and took a sip.  "When are you..?" he asked, nodding at her swollen belly.
"Damn it, I knew I should have sent you home yesterday.  Next year you're taking the second off like you usually do," Bobby said tiredly.  "Now get a move on – those cars won't wash themselves."
"Yes.  No!"  Dean ran his hands through his hair as his he grew more frustrated with himself.  "I mean, is that it?  All these weeks -
For a long moment, Cas didn't move.  Then he raised his arms and clung to the back of Dean's jacket.  "Okay."
"What are you asking me that for?" Dean hissed loudly.  "I'm not the one lying half-dead in a hospital bed!"
Okay, so he told Pam good things about him.  But he also told her bad things.  Like what?  That he drank too much?  That was pretty much a given.  But what else did he say?  Dean wasn't the easiest guy to get along with, he knew that.
"Your brother loves you."  Cas placed two fingers over Dean's mouth when it looked like he was going to argue.  "He
"Wait, let me get this into training mode first."  A few clicks of the mouse and taps of the keyboard later, he stepped aside again.
"True," Castiel agreed.  "Though that led to some unanswerable questions the last time Sam and I had to take you to hospital."
It was the same the next night, and the next.  Castiel resorted to scrubbing the oven clean on Thursday night until he thought his fingers were going to bleed, but at least it looked cleaner.  It also enabled him to keep count of how many beers Dean had.
He replaced the phone in the cradle and wandered back through to the kitchen, wondering if he could take painkillers with allergy tablets.
Cas washed the excess shaving foam off his face and patted himself dry.  As Dean moved to wash his hands, Cas stepped away from the sink and rubbed lotion into his face and neck.
Castiel was standing stiffly beside the cooker when a freshly-showered and dressed Dean stepped into the kitchen.
Heaving himself to his feet he opted to make something as an early lunch, because he doubted Dean had had much to eat – if anything – since dinner last night; however that was easier said than done.  He opened and closed cupboards, seeing but
Castiel rolled his eyes because Dean had said that at least five times throughout the movie, and he had a feeling he'd say it at least twice more before the credits rolled.
.  That's the push Cas gave me.  He helped me figure out what to say."  He swallowed.  "I don't always find it easy to put what I'm feeling into words.  That was one of the problems I had with your mom - I kept everything inside and shut her out."  It wasn't something he'd ever consciously realised until now, saying it aloud to Ben.
As he got closer to the Impala he stopped dead in his tracks.  In the car next to his, two beefy guys were making out in the front seats, obviously unable to keep their hands off one another long enough to get home.  He knew he shouldn't stare, but found he couldn't tear his gaze away.
A heavy silence hung between them, highlighted by the weary ticking of the clock on the mantel.  Dean looked like he was scrambling for something to say.
"Yeah, there's a couple I can't get," Ben told him, tapping the screen a few times before thrusting it at him.  "These ones."
Glancing back to check with Ben, who grunted an affirmative, Dean nodded in acceptance and started the car up.
Lifting his feet up onto the sofa, Cas snuggled into him as Dean stroked a reassuring hand up and down his back.
He had to hand it to Cas - the soft-green cushion covers he'd appeared with one day didn't clash with their drab grey sofa.  Dean just hoped he hadn't been bitten by the interior decorating bug, because as nice as it would be to brighten up the apartment after all this time they couldn't afford to go all out.  Small, affordable swaps were ok.  Like new cushion covers.
"I said everyone leaves," he repeated, louder this time.  "My mum died, my dad was AWOL most of the time growing up, then
Castiel squinted at Dean, who seemed to be staring at him.  He glanced down at himself, and the cover thrown back to the waist.  Dean's room was a lot warmer than the living room.  He pulled the cover up to his chin.
She sat back in her seat.  "Okay," she agreed.  Then her expression turned thoughtful.  "How's this for an offer - if you
Castiel nodded, still unable to believe that he hadn't passed out somewhere and that this was actually happening.
Cas glanced at the clock, surprised to see it was almost closing time.  He smiled at Dean, but it didn't reach his eyes.  "I'll see you there."
” he asked, his voice a challenge, defensive hackles raised.  You want to know how long I've liked guys?  If I've ever had a thing for you?  Would that make you
When Dean limped back out to the waiting area, foot newly bandaged, he found Castiel awkwardly waiting for them.
"You know," he said as he sawed into the top of his pumpkin, "you can toast the seeds.  They make a really..." he hesitated to say
"I vowed to be patient and give you the time you need, but I keep worrying that you're having second thoughts," Cas admitted softly.
She grimaced as the drinks wobbled on the tray, and he nearly dropped it twice on the way back to his group.  It wasn't
Dean's stomach sank.  The last couple of sessions had been intense, and he wished he could take a little time out.  "Oh.  Yeah."
"I've got that," he said, standing up before Castiel could protest. He dumped them in the sink and ran some water over them. "Right, I'm going to clean my teeth and take a piss and I'll be ready to go. What about you?"
"That's a good question.  I can be confident in saying that what you've remembered today is likely the
"Forget what Pamela thinks," Dean told him, putting his cutlery down to give Cas his undivided attention.  "What do
, how would you feel if we told the guys at the garage?"  When Cas stared at him blankly, he added,  "About us?"
"Somewhere where the portions are smaller and the courses have ingredients you've never heard of, and where they put candles on the tables."
"They live too far away, Cas.  It's not like I can just stop by their house.  I'd have to take a week off work, and even then I'd spend more time on the road than with him.  Either that, or..."  He paused, shuddering.  "I'd have to fly."
Castiel felt a pang of pity for the man, reminded of his own experiences.  He dug into his pocket and dropped a quarter in the man's cup.  "I'm sorry, that's all I have."
Castiel stopped just short of the landing, wanting to see Dean's face as he turned up the next flight of stairs.  "I'm not leaving," he said firmly, seeing the forced look of detachment that Dean wore like a mask.
"Don't hold your breath," he grumbled, wiping the frown off his face as Cas returned to their table.  "Ready to go?" he asked.
"I know that!" Dean said, unable to hold back his laughter any longer.  "Jeez…  Besides, he's hardly
"I'm afraid," he confessed.  "My father loved me, then rejected me.  Dean loves me, and a part of me fears that he'll reject me, too.  Even though I know it's irrational, as Dean has worked so hard to prove that I'm what he wants, I still fear that he'll give up on me.  That, although he
"No, no," Dean said as Castiel moved to help pack things up.  Their fingers brushed and his heart hammered in his chest.  "I've got it."
Castiel shook his head as he reached for the box of tissues. "Just tell me it's all going to be okay."
"I'd forgotten about it until just now.  It's funny the way random things just pop into your brain out of the blue."
Dean shook his head.  "No.  At least, I don't think he would have been."  He paused, before adding, "I think I was unwilling to talk."
"I was in the bathroom," he told his brother.  "I don't know what Cas is doing.  Is everything okay?"
Castiel looked around Pamela's room apprehensively, taking in the diplomas and certificates on the walls, the comfortable looking chair, and the uncomfortable looking sofa.
The other man reached behind him and Castiel pressed himself up against the sink, breath caught in his throat as the other man pressed against him, his gaze dropping to the man's lips; thin and pale.
Dean looked at him. "Sorry – would you prefer it if I called you Castiel? Just it's a bit of a mouthful, you know."
"A few of your answers seemed to strike a nerve, and I don't want you to leave here feeling emotionally raw," she told him.  "So what kind of sports do you watch?"
"Because he doesn't know, yet.  And she doesn't want to tell him straight away.  I wasn't the best example, and I guess she thinks there's a chance I could screw it up again."
"Just because I haven't thought about trying to kill myself lately doesn't mean I don't still feel weighed down by everything that's happened to me, and..."  Castiel took a shallow breath and huffed it out in a sigh.  "I still dream," he added quietly.
Dean put the pen and paper aside and stood up.  "Come here."  He pulled the tie down a little, so it didn't end up longer at the back than at the front.  "So where are—  Hang on, I can't do this backwards," he said, spinning Cas 180°.  "Where are you going?"
"I'm pretty sure these guys could overpower me if they wanted to," he admitted, "though I'd give them one hell of a fight."
A couple of people shot Dean funny looks as he gestured in defeat to Castiel's retreating back, before dutifully following him inside.
"He is, too!  Ben's daddy kissed his sec... seca... secatury and left, and now Daddy Dean's leaving!" she argued determinedly.
Dean knew he had issues.  He was just reluctant to open up about them, because they were no-one's business but his own.  Of course, that was easier said as a single man.  He'd once told Cas that he'd made everything in his life good again - and it was the truth - but it had also opened him up to a world of hurt.  It was as if Dean had mentally applied duct tape like a Band-Aid over the crap in his head, and every time it got worse or something else happened he stuck more, and more, and more over it, until he was all duct tape and safety pins inside.  He'd been prepared to
means" Dean told her through gritted teeth, aware of Cas's eyes burning a hole in the back of his head.
Wrapping one arm around Dean, Cas brought his other up to stroke through Dean's hair.  HIs boyfriend sighed in contentment, and Cas kissed his head.  "I'm right here," he promised.
about you.  I told Cassie I was seeing someone.  And she said they were pretty lucky.  And she was right."
"Dad took what jobs he could.  Sometimes it was labouring, sometimes it was driving.  He could be gone for days at a time, leaving us to take care of ourselves with barely enough money for food and rent.  I had to be more than just a brother.  I had to be a father and I had to be a mother, to keep Sam safe."
"You do," Cas agreed, though he believed there were no cruel intentions on their friends' parts.  However he was glad Dean was starting to see himself the way he saw him, and he hoped it was a sign that things were finally looking up for them both.
"Hmm," Dean agreed, shifting to look at the man who was snuggled against his side.  "Do you know what my favourite bit of you is?" he asked, the question followed by a very un-Dean-like giggle.
"It was my favourite," Dean told him.  "When she died...  I never thought I'd taste it again.  I forgot what it was like, but as soon as I had this, I knew.  Is that weird?"
As Cas kissed him, he could feel Dean's cheeks growing wetter beneath his thumbs.  He knew he didn't have the words Dean needed, so he simply kissed him harder and, given the way Dean clung to him, that seemed to be enough.  For now.
Dean let his fingers replace his lips as he moved his mouth to the right side of his body, swirling his tongue around Cas's nipple.
Castiel rolled his eyes at Dean's teasing and started searching the freezer for something they could defrost for dinner.  "I know I've said this already, but thank you for today," he said, as he set a tub of soup on the counter.
"Don't worry about the washing up," Dean said.  "I'll let them soak, and wash them when I get back."
Dean bristled.  "I don't need to pay for sex!" he growled, warmth spreading across the back of his neck as he wondered what Sam would say about his recent lack of female companionship.
"I don't think you're pathetic, Dean," he said, a hint of anger in his tone.  "I think you've cut yourself off from people for too long and I wanted to do something
have allergies!" Dean complained, already grabbing the bag out from beside Cas's feet and tossing it in the back seat.  This wasn't an argument he was going to win - he could tell by the stubborn determination on Cas's face - but that didn't mean he wasn't going to put up a fight.
His eyes flicked up to Sam who looked as stunned as he felt, so he yeah, he knew what this was. "Cas…" he started thickly.
Cas smiling against his skin as he teases his nipples, licking and pinching and sucking and biting until even the faintest huff of breath set his skin alight with desire.
Small steps, he decided.  Let Cas's hands venture below his waist, and see how he reacts.  From there, they could take it further.  He rubbed a gloved hand over the panel, and nodded to himself.  Nearly done for the night.  He put his tools away and retrieved the primer.  Anxious wasn't a feeling Dean had ever thought he'd associate with sex after his first time - but he found himself anxious about the thought of having sex with Cas.  He was good at sex; had always left his partners satisfied.  But Cas wasn't like any of his other partners.  What if he wasn't any good with Cas?  What if... what if he was a disappointment in bed?  Would he still be enough for Cas?  A chill ran through him as he was struck with the possibility of Cas leaving him after all the hard work he'd done to make this work.
Underneath the Lincoln, Dean rubbed his head where he'd hit it.  Bobby never talked about his late wife.  All anyone at the garage knew was that she'd died, and Bobby still missed her dearly.
Dean simply hums in response, and Cas makes a choking sound.  He pulls off long enough to tease, "Hey,
They looked behind them in unison to see Pamela standing behind them.  "Hello, Castiel.  Day off?" she asked, glancing at Dean.  Recognition flitted across her face, but she said nothing.
Beside Dean, Cas started laughing.  "How do we explain to our six-year-old daughter that you weren't cheating on me with Santa, but that it was Daddy Cas dressed up as Santa because Daddy Dean has a praise kink?!"
"Cas, you find a different way to thank me every day – I don't think you take it all for granted.  I
"Um, those need sorting into date order, starting with the nearest," Cas suggested quietly, gesturing to a tall stack of papers.
When Dean's alarm clock jolted him out of another nightmare the next morning he was still tired.  He trudged, bleary-eyed, into the kitchen and found a freshly brewed pot of coffee waiting on him.  He smiled and poured himself a cup.  Castiel didn't really drink coffee all that often, which meant that he'd done it for Dean.
"I disappointed my own father, as well, Dean.  In his eyes, I turned my back on God.  On my family."
"Come on," Dean told him, ruffling his hair playfully.  "The sooner we buy these, the sooner we can hit the pool."
"Hey, no.  Don't do that," Dean soothed him as Cas choked on the words.  "Jo was a mistake.  A stupid, drunken mistake because I was struggling to accept how I felt— how I
Castiel suddenly worried that the invitation didn't stand any longer seeing as he'd just insulted the man in his front room and was about to apologise again when Dean spoke.
Leaving them in the fridge, he started cleaning the kitchen before he cooked them.  He swept the floor and wiped down all the work surfaces, cleaned the sink, and took out the trash.  As far as he knew Cas hadn't taken his wallet with him, which meant that he had to come back for dinner - right?  Unless he'd gone to Balthazar's, or set up a tab at the Roadhouse.  Or had actually taken his wallet and Dean just didn't realise it.
"Admit it, you're bored," Dean said when they stopped at a burger van a little after noon.  He sounded disappointed, more so in himself than Castiel's boredom.
"I, uh, I think part of the reason it's so hard to open up to her is because I never really talked about how I was feeling growing up."  Okay so that wasn't
Dean looked at him, eyes dropping to stare at Castiel's mouth when he couldn't hold his gaze.  Castiel licked his lips as his heart beat a little faster, and Dean's eyes tracked the movement.  After a moment Dean looked back at the envelope as he turned it over in his hands and tore it open.
Dean's mouth screwed up as the antiseptic stung his hand.  "I'm sorry," Castiel murmured, as he tried to be more gentle.
He reached to take the book from Dean, but Dean's grip tightened and he didn't let it go.  They stood there, each holding onto the book, looking at each other like they'd been apart for months rather than days.
Dean sized up the body of the Lincoln, proud of the job he'd done and relieved that it was almost over.  All that was left was to put on the new tyres, check the wheel alignment, and take her out for a test drive.  Hopefully no problems would crop up, and then it was happy belated birthday, Cas!
Dean fumbled with with his shirt, scrunching the fabric in his fist.  "I know," he mumbled into Castiel's neck.  "And I wish I could love you back as easily.  You deserve someone who can make you happy."
His fingers felt stiff from typing for the past hour and a half so he interlocked them, stretching his hands out in front of him causing his knuckles to crack.  Every day he put Dean's house key out of his pocket and sat it beside him on the desk.  Today, however, it hung from a keyring.  Castiel picked it up and fingered the overpriced enamel bee that Dean had bought him.  It had been completely unnecessary, but he appreciated the thought.
"If you're going to tell me you won the lottery and you're quitting, you can do it at the end of your shift," Bobby joked gruffly.  "There's a lot to get through today."
"I...  Yes," Castiel conceded reluctantly, when it became clear to him that Dean was waiting on an answer.  "It was stupid of me to go in the first place."
Moodily, he ripped them open and pulled out the contents - birthday cards.  They'd probably arrived on time, but Dean hadn't bothered to check.  Lisa's was a typical man's card, with cars on the front and a simple message on the inside.  Ben had written a short note as well.  For a second, Dean felt his heart wrench in his chest. He missed the boy a lot more than he'd ever admit. Sam's was a comedic one, but Dean refused to let himself chuckle at it.  Instead, he ripped it in half and threw it down on the table.
Reluctantly, he pulled himself out of that fantasy.  Just because he'd lost what muscle he once had, didn't mean he couldn't get it back again, he decided, forcing his brain back on topic.
talked me into this," Dean muttered petulantly, conveniently forgetting that he'd volunteered after Castiel's heavy hinting.  "It looks like the only rapping I can do is with song lyrics.  Not that I like rap music.  At all," he frowned.
Castiel scanned the titles of the drinks.  They all sounded delicious and exotic.  "Do you recommend anything?"
"Bobby," Cas said, sidestepping smoothly around Dean before he could stop him from taking the kitten out of the apartment.
Dean groaned as his whole world narrowed down to the feeling of Castiel's warm, wet mouth.  "Keeping track of what?"
The room fell into silence, and Dean listened to the sound of Castiel's breathing evening out as they lay there.
"—and when I woke up you were gone.  Just gone.  You didn't even say goodbye, or leave me so much as a note, so I called everyone you knew, and I think I ran a red light on the way over here 'cause I was so freaking worried!"  He paused then, forcing himself to speak more calmly, asked, "What are you doing up here?"
He felt like he'd barely closed his eyes when Dean's voice was dragging him reluctantly from his slumber.
Cas's smile was a little sad and Dean wanted to kiss him, to reassure him that he was okay, but he couldn't.  Not just yet.  So instead he reached out to cup his jaw, and smiled softly when Cas met his eyes.  Cas put his hand over Dean's, and turned his face to kiss his palm.  Could he tell that Dean was beginning to pull away again?  That Dean was afraid that, this time, he wouldn't find his way back to Cas?
Castiel wrapped his arms around Dean's shoulders and rested his chin on his shoulder.  "You miss him," he observed.
Looking down at their hands as he slowly intertwined their fingers, Dean wondered what he'd ever done to deserve Cas.  He'd never felt this level of undying support from anyone - not even Sam.  He couldn't put into words how grateful he was and, as a single tear fell down his cheek he wished that he could
Dean had no reason to lie to him.  If Dean had faith in him, then he could have faith in Dean.  There was nothing wrong with him.
Then Castiel's lips were on his, insistent and demanding, and Dean could work with that.  His hands found Cas's thighs, stroking up and down.  A firm touch on soft denim, his thumb dragged across the creases in the fabric on each downward motion.  The scratch of stubble around his mouth as Cas kissed him was a new sensation, but not unpleasant.  As Castiel pulled away, Dean chased it with his own, capturing his bottom lip between his teeth.  A light scrape elicited a small groan from the depths of Cas's throat as he kissed Dean back with a renewed hunger.  A swipe of tongue, a knock of teeth, an intake of breath.  What Cas lacked in experience he made up for with his eagerness and, to Dean's surprise, there was also an unexpected eagerness rising between his legs.
Dean didn't notice Cas's slight hesitation, because he was too busy making shooing motions with his hands, urging him to put the bag away. "That can wait until Sam is here – if I open it without him he'll bitch about it from now until next year."
Dean took comfort in his guitar.  Cas would hear him strumming quietly from the other side of the house, but the music always stopped when he came closer.  He tried not to take it personally - Dean had said he didn't play for people, after all - but Dean was
He ignored Bobby's shocked stare when he turned up at work, and kudos to the old man for letting Dean work in peace for forty minutes before coming over to say his piece.
Dean got the bill and the two headed for one of the smaller clothing stores. It turned out that Cas had never really had
"I'm going to go shower," Dean announced as they walked through the front door. "I think I've got sand in my ass." He walked down the corridor to the bathroom, one hand pulling at the ass of his jeans.
"Look, I...  You don't earn anything like I do, and what I make it just enough to get by.  You should keep it for something you really need."
He pulled Cas down beside him, but he looked like he wasn't sure that he wanted to be there.  Lifting his feet and shifting slightly, he lay down and rested his head in Castiel's lap.  For a moment it felt awkward, but then he felt Cas's hand running through his hair.  He closed his eyes and sighed, letting himself get lost in the feeling of Cas's fingers across his scalp.
He watched as Dean's lips turned upwards, then parted as his tongue lightly trailed along his bottom lip.
"That's alright, Dean. But I think, if you do not require anything further, I shall retire for the night."
Dean placed a hand on Castiel's shoulder and looked him straight in the eye.  "Don't ever leave," he asked him seriously.
"What exactly is wrong with the car?  Because you're spending a lot of time working on it, yet you drive it almost every day."
Dean just rolled his eyes and turned back to Cas.  "Is the reason you never went back to church because you're gay?"
Cas covered his mouth with his hand, his heart breaking for Dean despite his behaviour the past week.  His feet started moving before he was even aware of deciding to move closed, and shook Dean's shoulder.
Dean ignored him as he bit into his burger.  "Mmm," he moaned in satisfaction as he chewed, meat juices dribbling out of the bun and down his jaw.  He wiped them away with a drag of his sleeve.
"I could listen to you all day, every day, and never tire of you.  I'm so lucky that you were willing to play for me, when you don't like to let other people hear you."
...  He moved Dean's mail closer to him, then set about opening his own.  The first was, not unexpectedly, a rejection letter to his application for the Gas-N-Sip post.  He allowed himself a moment of disappointment, but refused to be discouraged.  His lack of qualifications was irrelevant to that position, but he'd understood his lack of experience would be an issue.  The second he had to read twice before the words sunk in, then a huge grin spread across his face.
Bobby nodded.  "Good.  Because I don't want everyone getting caught in the middle of your domestic dramas."
Dean opened and closed his mouth as several ideas flew through his head; including buying shorts, and not going jogging.
sat at the edge of the pool, what would Ben and Dean do?  He couldn't expect them to stay with him just because he couldn't swim.  And if they swam off and left him, was there any point in him being there?
Dean cast a glance at Ben, who was focused on the monkeys, before slipping his hand into Castiel's and giving it a squeeze.  "It doesn't matter."
upset at that, and Castiel didn't know what else to say, so instead of saying anything he just made his way around the car and into the passenger seat.  "Why don't we go to Ellen's?" he suggested once he'd clicked his belt buckle into place.  Dean always liked it there.
"Maybe she would have lived if you'd shouted out.  Maybe she'd have died anyway.  You don't know."  Castiel paused before speaking again.  "I bet Sam doesn't blame you."
"I'm starving," the man said, moving towards the cooker.  He lifted the lid off the sauce and sniffed forcefully.
"I just wanted to check my tyre pressure," he lied, his eyes staring at the office door.  It was open, and he could see that it was empty.  "Where's Cas?" he asked, forcing himself to sound casual as he nodded his head in the direction of the empty office.
been able to make a start, he'd realised what an even bigger job he'd signed himself up for.  He'd gone in on the weekend and completely stripped the car down to it's bare frame, carefully boxing up and labelling everything so he could rebuild it later.
Dean peered down at Cas, mouth hanging open and saliva drooling out of the corner or his mouth.  "Nice," he mumbled to himself.  In the darkness Castiel looked pale, his skin contrasting with the long, dark eyelashes that fluttered every now and then.  "What are you dreaming about?" Dean asked him quietly.
felt like a champion.  He was really making progress on unlearning all the harmful things his father had inadvertently taught him about 'being a man' and, now that he found it easier to open up to Pamela, he felt like he was figuring himself and his life out.
"What, why would you..."  He trailed off with a chuckle as Castiel's fingers danced across his ribs.  "No, don't!  Cas!
Andy threw an arm around Cas and squeezed him.  "You must be delighted," he grinned knowingly.  "I'm happy for you."
Cas was looking at him with the patience of a kindergarten teacher explaining (for the hundredth time) why you need to put your hand up and wait instead of just shouting out.  Castiel's level of patience for his bullshit never ceased to amaze him because, coming from anyone else, it would probably sound patronising.  His pen hovered over the page, but he still wasn't convinced.
"Shh," Cas whispered, hands already trailing up over his freckled skin again, fingers curling around the strong muscles of his shoulders.
"I did give it a go before our last session," Dean told her.  "It was pretty boring, but wasn't so bad once Cas put some music on."
When he eventually heard Ben moving around in the living room, he put a couple of slices of bread in the toaster.
"Not sayin' I'm not an ass..."  There was a pause and the sound of something hitting the floor with a soft thud before Dean's voice broke as he whispered, "Please come home."
Unfortunately, it was the wrong colour - so Dean had to remove the old layers of paint before he could paint it.  And that was what he was doing that evening.  It should have been an easier job, however, if it wasn't for the small dent he discovered and a patch of rust that needed to be dealt with.  Fortunately it was only surface rust, and his hands moved on autopilot as he sanded it down.  But, once he was finished, he'd need to apply a coat of primer, and then he couldn't do any more until the following night once it had dried.
He found a doorway just as the rain really started to chuck down that, if he sat upright, would at least keep his head dry.  Again it wasn't comfortable - the concrete step a literal pain in the ass - but at least it was slightly dry.
"I don't know. Anything." Dean dropped the toilet lid and sat down, trying not to stare at the bruises that covered the other man's body.
Cas may have understood the innuendo of what Dean had said immediately, but it took a moment to register in Dean's mind.  "I mean...  Well...  It's a...  Um...  You..." he said, gesturing wildly and spraying half-chewed fries everywhere, but he couldn't for the life of him find a way to take the words back.  He tried to swallow and started choking, his face turning red.
Dean considered the question.  "I don't remember being there," he said carefully.  "It feels... real...  Like a place I've forgotten."
movie about a gingerbread man going on a killing spree shouldn't be so tempting.  But the unspoken suggestion absolutely
Castiel turned his head away in a futile attempt to stop Dean from seeing him looking so pathetic.  Getting attacked in an alley when he was perfectly capable of defending himself was just embarrassing.  He was never drinking again.
It was a small and cramped shop on the best of days, but with the busy festive period bringing more shoppers out more often it was positively claustrophobic.  He looked around at the sections, seeing Christmas cards for mothers, fathers, brothers, and sisters, sending a pang of remorse coursing through him.
Cas snorted, but let him go.  Making himself comfortable, he all but pounced on Dean the moment he sat down again.  They both fidgeted until they were lounging in a way that they were both comfortable, and then Dean started flicking through the channels.
Castiel lay back in the bath as Dean lapsed into silence. He counted the tiles on the ceiling, wondering briefly if that had been Dean's strange idea or if had been a previous tenant's, as he tried to divert his attention from the fact that Dean was trying not to stare at the bruises on his body.
Usually Dean would offer to help, but he cast a glance at Ben who had by now retrieved his game and was engrossed in the tiny screen.  Settling back in his seat, and aiming for casual, he commented, "You've been quiet since we finished dinner."
"Hell no!  Get it back in the box."  He dragged a hand across his face as Cas threw himself ungainly into the back seat.  "Hey, the rules are simple - you don't take a joint from a guy named Don, and there's no dogs in the car!"
Some of the tension in Dean's shoulders drained away, and he leaned over the engine with a tired sigh.  Maybe coming into work had been a bad idea.  He still had tonight to get through, after all.  He huffed an empty laugh as it finally clicked why Bobby had told Cas to take another day to recover – he hadn't expected Dean to come in.
"Okay, okay, time out!" Dean exclaimed, pulling away and making a 'T' with his hands.  When Cas backed off Dean shifted away, lips parted as he avoided Castiel's gaze.
"It's good to see him looking happy," Father Reynolds confided in Dean as they returned to their duties.
"Oh."  He took a long sip of his drink.  "I'm happy, Dean."  When Dean looked confused, he elaborated, "You said you just wanted me to be happy.  I am."
considered that he might have a problem.  But the past few nights it didn't seem like he was drinking in excess for pleasure, but for pain.  The amount he was chugging back every night was numbing him from the outside in, and she didn't know what to do to make him ease up.
"A teacher," Dean said.  "I was thinking about it on the drive home - the next generation of hunters are growing up fast, and they need help just like Bobby  helped us.  And you were doing good, running that network of hunters from here.  That could be our future - making our own way.  Not hunters, or Men of Letters, but combining that into something that is
Cas took his nearest hand, holding it between both of his own.  "You've been dealt a pretty crap hand in life.  I'm not going to argue with you over that.  But I believe that you have the strength to face any obstacles in your path."
"When I was a kid, it was all about Sam - making sure he had food, clothes, did his homework...  With Lisa, it was all about her and Ben.  With Cas, it started out being all about him... but, somewhere down the line, it became about
– he was proven wrong.  He looked over at the clock for the first time, shocked to realise that it was nearly lunch time.  Dean would be back soon to take him down to Bobby's.
"What do you need to write stuff down for?  Aren't you supposed to, I don't know, listen to me whine about my bullshit problems?"
Cas reaches up and repositions the headphones over Dean's ears, and a moment later John Bonham is using his eardrums to play
The next day it was raining when they woke up, and it didn't stop all day.  In Bobby's office Castiel muttered to himself, wishing - not for the first time - that Bobby had a computer on which to keep his client database.  He'd seen the invoice he was looking for just a second ago, but he couldn't for the life of him remember which pile he'd put it in.  All the words were starting to blur together and he was giving himself a headache.
Bobby touched one hand to the brim of his cap, nudging it upwards on his head.  "Yeah.  Friends tend to do that."
.  I'm sorry that I made you doubt that, and I'm sorry if I was an asshole last night.  I hope you know that Ellen and Jo are as much your friends as they are mine, and they'd have taken you in if you hadn't wanted to stay here last night."
"Then when we get home we'll have a long, relaxing bubble bath together..."  He trailed off, clearly picturing his girlfriend.
Castiel laughed with him, though it sounded hollow even to his ears, and allowed Dean to hold onto his arm as he guided them through the crown to the exit. Chastity offered them both a flirtatious wave as they left, but Castiel wasn't looking at her and Dean pretended not to notice.
Cas kissed him once before pulling away and Dean followed with his mouth, stealing a second, and a third, and a fourth kiss.
Cas didn't really know what to say after that, so they sat in silence until Dean got back into the car.
He thought of Dean: of his fear when he found Cas on the bridge; of his concern when he found Cas on the bench; of his relief when he found Cas on his sofa. Maybe Dean really did want to help him – he seemed genuine enough, and he'd certainly been kind to him so far. He was trying to decide if he could trust Dean, and with how much, when he absently reached a soapy hand between his legs.
When Dean got out of the shower he wouldn't tell Castiel what it was that he'd bought, despite him asking several times.
Dean.  He felt like he was burning up from the inside out at the thought, but he worried at his lip when he started to wonder what Dean would say now the sun had risen.
it.   Loves how some mornings he will wake up to Cas impatiently rubbing his cock between his cheeks, only pushing in when Dean mumbles, 'Good morning to you, too.'  Loves when Cas grows impatient with Dean's slow love-making and rolls them over, riding Dean harder and faster and
Cas silenced him with a kiss, one hand skimming over Dean's body to his waist.  He gently pulled Dean closer, rolling over so that Dean was on top of him.  His hands moved lower, over Dean' shorts, squeezing his ass.
"I don't know why you can't see how wonderful you are," Castiel said as he turned back to the food, so quietly he wasn't even sure if Dean would hear him.
Sam, not being privy to all the intimate details of Dean's chequered past, chuckled as he guided him over to a seat beside a quiet man who was patiently cradling his hand, as far away from everyone else as they could get.
Dean took a second - or two - to appreciate his boyfriend as he ran away.  He found himself wishing that the coat flapping behind him as he moved wasn't so long as to hide his ass.  And, wow, okay...  Was that the first time he'd actually checked Cas out without trying to
Balthazar grinned a cheeky grin, the lines around his eyes deepening.  "I want to make sure you get your money's worth, so to speak.  Try
When they got home Castiel insisted on trying on all his new clothes again, which made Dean smile. He didn't tell Cas, but he'd blown at least half his pay packet on him. It was worth it, though. He figured he'd need to place another call to his brother soon. He sighed, and rubbed a hand down his face. What the hell had he become, scrounging of his younger brother every damn time he was struggling?
"Oh, yeah.  That was like that when we came in this morning.  Some asshole decided to throw a brick through it."
He groaned, running his hands roughly through his hair as if trying to stimulate his brain to work harder.
Inside Dean had written one word - Cas - and underneath the card's simple message 'Be my Valentine' he's taped a candy that read
– but then he realised that he was still tiptoeing around like he didn't belong here. He was conflicted, because he desperately wanted to believe that he could make a fresh start here, but on the other hand he'd never be able to start over so long as he was lying to Dean – and by not telling him the whole story he was lying to him.
He wasn't ashamed to admit that the film moved him, both in terms of plot and the through the way he could relate to Jack.  Unlike Dean, who bottled up most of his emotions under some illusion of being more 'manly' for doing so.  When Balthazar came home, he found him sobbing on the couch, surrounded by damp, snotty tissues.
"I'll put another application of this on the paint and head back into the office again while it gets to work," Cas told him.  "Unless you needed me for something else?"
But Cas smiled.  Dean didn't want easy - Dean wanted Cas.  He'd worked so hard to get to a point where his life was improving because of
, Dean corrected her in his head.  He managed to scrape together six bucks in change, and handed over his card to pay for the fuel.
He let the shower run as he gave his teeth a quick brush, and swore when he jumped under the spray and it was freezing. God damn boiler! That was the third time this month Dean was going to have to fix it. He was just grateful he knew what he was doing and didn't have to call out a plumber every week, because he didn't have the money to afford the call out fee let alone the repairs, and he didn't fancy being stuck without any hot water.
Life with Dean was so different from life with his father. "My father didn't raise me to have a life – he raised me to serve the Lord. So what do I do now?" Castiel asked, looking up at him with wide eyes. "I can't go back to my father, so tell me, Dean – what do I
"The stiff?" he echoed. He glanced at Cas, who was perched stiffly on the edge of his stool. "Ellen, this is Cas. Cas, Ellen. Dude, relax."
"I should be able to," Dean said, his voice hollow.  "I'm a mechanic, cars are what I do, but...  It all happened so fast."
Dean frowned, wanting to know why Castiel had been turned away; why no-one who knew him would help him. But the desperation in Castiel's eyes made him bite his tongue – for now – and he let the matter drop.
A natural quiet fell over them, and Dean glanced at his watch while Pamela looked over her notes.  After a moment she leaned back, leaving her pen in her lap.  "Earlier, you brought up self-destructive behaviour," she mused aloud.  "Self-destructive behaviour can sometimes manifest itself in an active attempt to drive other people away - perhaps because they fear they'll 'screw up' a relationship, romantic or not, or because they can't process emotional stress stemming from a lack of self-confidence.  A common example would be doubting a partner's fidelity as a result of wondering, 'How can this person really love someone like me?'"
Cas looked at him.  "I like you, too," he smiled, leaning a fraction closer to Dean.  Just for a second.  But when he gave Dean's arm a squeeze he jerked back from Castiel's touch.
"Chicken and butternut squash curry," Castiel informed him as he loaded two platefuls and carried them to the table.
know you, and that's the problem!  You've got to give me something here.  Show me I can trust you with him."
"But you've opened some from Santa, and some from me.  I'm sure Daddy Dean would like to see you open something from him."
It was as if someone had lit a fire under him - he raced around, gathering his things and carrying an armful of dirty clothes into the kitchen where Cas dutifully set the machine, while Dean tried to help Ben find things he'd lost.
for your affections," Cas teased, nudging him lightly.  Amusement laced his tone as he asked, "How did Lisa take it - or didn't you share that small detail with her?"
to tell him without sounding like an idiot," Dean confessed.  "'Hey, you know how I've been giving you blue balls for months?  Turns out it was for nothing.'"
Home.  For a brief time that word had had a meaning for him.  Castiel hauled himself to his feet and shoved his hands in his pockets, trudging down the street with no idea where he was going.  It had been nice to have a home again, even for a while.  The key to Dean's apartment was cool against his fingers, and he pulled it out to look at it.  If he was truly leaving he should take his belongings.
It hurt to think about leaving Dean, but he wasn't sure if it hurt more or less than it would to stay with him.  "Maybe I should," he said quietly.
"Hey, man, whatever you wanna do.  Here, let me do that," he said, taking the towel from Castiel's hands.  He picked up a plate from the draining rack and started drying it off.
"Neither am I.  Dean, you may have known Bobby for a lot longer than I did, but that doesn't mean he wasn't very dear to me.  I love him, I'm grateful for everything he did for me, and I am going to miss him very much.  But right now I'm tired, and am going to bed, and would like to snuggle with my boyfriend as I fall asleep."
"Hey," Dean said softly.  "We'll be out of here soon, and then we won't ever come back.  And we'll make sure no-one else we know does, either."
Dean twisted a dial to turn the oven on, then switched the hob off.  He poured the mixture into an ovenproof dish and then started scrubbing the pot clean before the sauce could set.  Meanwhile, Cas finished grating a lump of cheese and sprinkled it over the top before putting it in the oven, and setting the timer according to Dean's instructions.
"Not ready," Cas finished for him.  "It's okay."  Dean looked unconvinced, as Cas stroked his arm and wondered if there was some kind of compromise they could come to.  "Use your hands on me, Dean?" he asked a moment later.  When Dean looked at him, he asked, "Touch me."  It was something he'd been fantasising about for so long...  "Just touch me."
"Does it feel weird to be doing this?" he asked, hands faltering a little.  "I mean, it was only yesterday..."
"Yeah, well, you and your weird-ass interpretations can go shove it.  I've seen this movie millions of times and I've never thought about gay oral rape or whatever."
Cas sat up and tugged Dean's unwilling arm away, forcing him to look at him.  "Don't hide from me.  Please don't ever hide from me."
"Yeah, we both need our coffee in the mornings," Dean agreed.  "Seeing you in the alleyway, with your pants around your ankles, thinking..."  He swallowed.
Dean couldn't help but look down and she laughed. With a peck on his cheek she disappeared into the crowd to find another, more willing client.
Castiel squeezed the sponge as his stomach turned at the thought of kids shooting at each other, water splashing across his feet.
"Well, that's good.  Although, you might want to take tomorrow off, as well.  Get your strength back, you know?"
His friend was well-known for the scraps he got into at school, so Castiel braced himself for a physical reaction - a punch, a shove, a slap...  But he wasn't ready for the softness of Dean's lips as they met his, for the tenderness of Dean's touch as he cupped his jaw in one hand, for the eagerness of his grip as the fingers on his other hand dug into his hip almost painfully.  Then Dean was pulling away, but not too far - their noses millimeters apart.
"Come on, man, don't make me kiss you," he grunted as he counted to fifteen. He checked Castiel's breathing: nothing. "Oh, fuck you."
Cas was still a clumsy kisser, but at the same time there was something almost sweet about the way he didn't care that he wasn't that great.  And the raw passion behind his lips, in those rare moments he didn't withhold his emotions for Dean's sake, held an intensity that even the most skilled kisser would find hard to match.
"Yeah, course we can. There's this new club I've been meaning to try out. It's supposed to be really good!"
"Dean Winchester, you are ridiculous," Cas declared with exasperated amusement.  "You may have gotten to the bottom of your discomfort, but that doesn't mean that you have to be ready to
Cas was so caught up in his thoughts that he didn't notice the credits start to roll, or that Dean switched the TV off.  He started as a scrunched up paper napkin was thrown at him.
"I'm not leaving Dean," Cas told him stubbornly, frowning as he folded his arms across his chest.  Even though, deep down, a small part of him admitted that Balthazar might be right, he couldn't bring himself to think about leaving Dean.
Father Reynolds sighed, obviously unwilling to get into a verbal dispute over Castiel's actions at that moment.  "Go home.  Both of you.  Just... get out of here," he instructed them tiredly.
"Then I'll be honest, it probably won't be very productive," she said, but as Dean moved to stand she added, "However, this hour's free.  So why not stick it out?  You're here anyway, after all.  How
Dean looked offended. "Ellen, I have never had to pay to get laid. But I could probably charge," he added with a grin.
"I suppose it would be rude not to," Castiel replied hesitantly, careful not to sound like he was deciding for them both.  This wasn't the night out they'd planned, and he wasn't sure what Dean would prefer to do.
Dean took a breath to steady his nerves.  This was it - the point of no return.  "Yeah," he said, his voice shaking slightly.  "And I'm not gonna lie - it scares the shit out of me."
Dean programmed both their names into the machine, and then helped Cas find a ball he felt comfortable with.  "Thumb, middle finger, and ring finger," he told Castiel as he pointed at each of the holes in turn.
"It doesn't feel like it," Dean grumbled.  Sometimes having Pamela pick apart his every thought felt mildly intrusive.  It made him feel weak, and powerless, and vulnerable in ways he'd never felt before thanks to his unwillingness to face his problems head-on.
Castiel turned on Dean.  "Yes, I do.  I know this is your home, but did you have to be so rude?  You've done so much for me, but is it too much to ask you to be
"Some kids decided to spray graffiti last night, and if I catch them there'll be hell to pay.  Andy, Cas'll take over.  You get back in the garage."
Castiel's face softened, and he stood up again to take his lunch from Dean.  "I'm leaving.  Not right away, but eventually."
One man stood over another hunched up on the ground.  As he hauled the beaten man to his feet the dim light from the exit sign illuminated them, and Dean recognised the trench coat instantly.
"Go home, jerk.  Spend some time with your—" Sam seemed almost to cut off for a moment, "—friend," he finished.
Dean let out a shaky breath.  It hadn't been hard, telling Castiel everything.  There was no feeling of relief, but neither did he feel the familiar anger bubbling up when usually confronted with his past.  He turned to face Castiel.  "I've never told anyone that before.  Any of it, but especially not about the driving thing."  He felt weak under Castiel's sad, sympathetic gaze, and that made him angry.  "So help me, if you tell
Cas stared out the front window.  "Damn you, Dean," he murmured, a smile pulling at his lips.  "Damn you for always knowing exactly what to say to me when I'm doubting us."
"Hey, what did you mean earlier?" Dean asked, suddenly remembering what he'd meant to ask Cas once they'd left Jo.  "About my shirt telling everyone I'm... well... that I might be kind of... bisexual?"  He said the last word quietly.
Castiel could see how frustrated Dean was with his conflicted feelings.  "You scared me a little bit, then."
When Dean walked into the living room the next morning he froze in the doorway – Castiel was on his knees, hands clasped and eyes shut, mouth moving in words too quiet for him to hear. When Castiel was finished he opened his eyes, and looked at Dean.
He followed his new boss down a corridor and into another room, somewhat in awe of her authoritative presence, and how easily it came to her considering her laid-back attitude and casual dress..  She dressed all in black, her curly dark hair appearing wild yet obviously tamed once she started to move, and her red lips stood out against the lack of colour in her wardrobe.
convinced that Dean was fit to drive home, but once he was behind the wheel his doubts vanished.  Even after a few drinks, Dean could always be counted on to keep his baby in one piece.  As they passed under a streetlight, Castiel noticed that Dean's hand was bleeding.  When Dean dropped him at the apartment door and circled round the block again to try and find a parking space, Castiel went upstairs and looked out the first aid kit.
"Forget it. It didn't happen." Dean said with a reassuring smile. Castiel was always so quick to apologise, and Dean wondered if that was to escape his dad's fists. "Dude, I'm not your dad," he added softly, without really thinking.
Castiel's free hand reached out and cupped his face.  "Why can't love be as easy as it is in the movies?" he asked wistfully.
Dean was silent for a long moment as he let Castiel's word sink in, and he wondered how the conversation had derailed so quickly.  "I should probably drink a little less," he conceded, getting it back on track.
"I..." he started, not knowing what he was trying to say.  His jaw trembled slightly as it dawned on him how
"Bye, bitch."  Dean hung up the with a chuckle and finally made his way to the kitchen  "Sam got his present," he announced to Cas.  "He's happy.  Hey, why didn't you answer the phone?"
His friend looked at him in smug amusement, confident that Castiel would answer the question regardless.  "Does that mean you
Dean groaned.  "I don't know how much more of this movie I can take.  It's like a poor man's version of
A reason?  Dean could give him a hundred reasons if given enough time - he just wasn't ready to acknowledge any of them.  He opened and closed his mouth several times before he could finally force words out.  "We're friends," Dean told him.
As if reading his mind, Santa cupped the back of his neck and pulled him closer.  Dean buried his face in his shoulder and moaned as Santa's hips stuttered.
It all felt so alien and new, walking around with another guy's hand clasped awkwardly in his own.  Castiel's hand was a heavy weight, refusing to let him forget he was in a relationship with another man.  Dean found himself suddenly overwhelmed with self-consciousness, convinced that everybody they passed was staring at them.  Dean had nothing against gay people, so why did he find this so damn difficult?  At least they weren't likely to see anyone they knew.  He wasn't ready to face their judgements yet.
) and - despite pride being sinful - he was in no hurry to change Dean's mind on the matter, so couldn't bring himself to admit he'd asked for help to write something as simple as a CV.
Sam didn't need to remind him – his brother's words to him that night were forever etched into his memory.
The next morning Cas slowly drifted awake to the feeling of Dean's mouth moving against his neck, and the press of his half-hard cock against his ass.  He smiled as he feigned sleep for a little while longer, unsure if Dean would stop once he knew Cas was awake.  Eventually, however, the discomfort in his neck became too much.  He shifted away from the uncomfortable lump in the mattress and adjusted his head on the pillow.
He prayed to God for forgiveness as he jerked off under the spray, and he sank to his knees once he was done, his tears mixing with the water as they were washed away.
"That boy works himself to the bone," Bobby commented to Castiel, looking out the window at him.  "You should go out, make sure he stops for lunch."
"Would you happen to know how to connect a computer?" he asked as the walked out into the forecourt.
"Thank you," Castiel whispered, shivering as he cocooned himself in the blanket so only his head was visible.
Lisa had done a good job raising Ben - largely on her own, Dean acknowledged to himself.  When he'd been living with her, he'd been impressed with the way she handled situations that arose.  He hadn't always made the
"Insects?" Castiel grinned an hour later, his face lighting up when he saw the banner outside the museum.
Realisation suddenly hit him, and he snapped his fingers.  "You're Jo's lesbian friend!  The one who did our website."
Then he exhaled harshly.  That had been the easy part.  Now he didn't know what to write.  Raising the pen to his mouth, he chewed on the end as he considered what the hell he was doing.  This kind of self-reflection was exactly why he hadn't wanted to go and see Pamela - and why he didn't want to go back.  She'd offered him a deal - discounted sessions at the church rate, as a favour to Cas - but, given he'd have to pay them out of his own pocket as he wasn't a member of the congregation, he still couldn't afford to continue even if he wanted to.
Perhaps his face gave away the conflicted storm of emotions that were threatening to drown him, because she composed herself and nodded.
"Dean Winchester, you are the most frustrating man I have ever met," Castiel sighed, wanting to argue until he made Dean see how wonderful he was, but not knowing what else he could possibly say.
The man turned and looked at him, bright blue eyes sparkling.  "You should be in bed," the older man scolded him gently.
have pinched something from one of Father Reynold's sermons."  Castiel's eyes softened.  "You deserve happiness, Dean.  I want to help you find it."
"Because he's my brother!  It's my job to look out for him."  He swallowed.  "It could have ruined his future."
At the start of the week, there had been some concern when they realised that Chuck Norris would be left home alone for several hours a day.  However they soon discovered that - providing they covered the floor with newspaper as best they could - he was perfectly fine.  There were no wiring for him to chew, and he was too small to jump onto the counter.  The table was another story, so they made sure the chairs were all tucked under the table in the hopes that he wasn't able to climb up on them.
Pulling himself out of the engine, he grabbed a dirty cloth and wiped the worst of the grime from his hands, tossing the rag to the ground decisively.
be able to leave his father in the past unless he faced him again.  But Castiel was too much of a coward to do that.
"What do you mean?" Rufus asked.  He was a decent guy, and an old friend of Bobby's passing through town.
Dean sighed.  "Yeah.  Yeah, I am.  'Cause if I'm being honest, Cas, I'm a little scared.  I've never... you know... with a guy."
"If someone else was making eyes at you, I'd want to kill them.  But I don't love her anymore, and I don't want to be with her.  I only want to be with you."
Dean swallowed.  His expression bore none of the stress that prematurely aged his face; rather the years fell off him as his face lit up in a look of childish wonder.
Castiel listened intently as Dean told him about what he was doing to the car.  He had no doubt that in a few weeks' time he'd actually understand some of what Dean was saying to him, but in the mean time he was content just to listen.
But if he wanted to pursue a future with Cas - which he was pretty sure he did, even if it freaked him out a little - he'd need to commit to Pamela's sessions this time around.  Besides, if it had worked for Castiel then it could work for him, right?  As long as he didn't back out.  Especially as, if he didn't confront whatever was lurking in the recess of his mind, he would inevitably hurt Cas in the long run.  He'd messed Cas around enough these past few weeks.  Dean needed to man the fuck up and grab his fear by the balls.
Dean laughed, and the two of them resumed eating.  When Chuck circled his feet, rubbing himself endearingly against his legs, Dean refused to give in to his silent pleas for more.
"I know I am," Pamela smiled.  "But I'm glad you're growing closer to your son.  I just hope that Lisa allows him to learn who you
Dean laughed at her attitude.  Her tomboyish appearance and self-confidence was a breath of fresh air, compared to some women he'd come across who sought male attention.   "You remember I told you I was trying to see my ex's kid?"
He changed tapes when he stopped at a red light, but Zeppelin was equally unsuccessful at raising him out of his bad mood.  When Bon Jovi failed he gave up, opting to complete his journey in miserable silence.
"In the brown box, but I don't know what you're getting all excited about—  Now, son, just you put that back!"
Castiel didn't seem too enamoured by the idea, but Dean figured that once he got out he might start to enjoy himself.
Dean was so distracted by Gordon's words that he wasn't paying as much attention as he should have been, and he hissed as a flash of pain shot through his thumb.  It was bleeding, and badly, so he'd need to get some gauze and tape from the medical kit.  He strode out of the garage, intent on marching straight into the side office, but when Gordon shot him a smug grin he changed direction and had him pressed up against the wall within seconds.
Fine rain seemed to hang in the air like a mist as Dean stared out at the dull bay, a hundred shades of grey and nothing like the last time he'd stood here.  With
The sheer volume of turkey-themed decorations that greeted them as they walked through the door overwhelmed Cas - from napkin rings and name place holders to a giant inflatable turkey.
They crossed over to the other side of the street and began walking back the way they'd come, looking in the other shop windows and getting more free samples.
Dean cringed.  "I know my lease is only for one, which is why I'm here.  Him staying was never meant to be permanent, but I -
As Cas walked up the stairs to their apartment, a young couple from the fourth or fifth floor were coming down.  They were holding hands and laughing, not paying attention to anyone but each other.  His heart ached as he watched them.  He'd vowed to stay with Dean for as long as he was committed to him, but he was beginning to realise he'd underestimated how complicated Dean's issues really were.  But they loved each other - and Dean
"Nonsense – you're not my employee, Cas.  Well, at least not officially.  You don't have to stick to an hour."
"Why is Lisa writing to me?" Dean asked aloud, suddenly noticing the handwritten envelope in his pile of mail.  Ignoring the official-looking envelopes and junk mail, he opened it and pulled out the letter inside.  "What the hell?" he wondered, looking at printouts of schedules and photocopies of school reports.
"'S okay," Dean mumbles back.  "I'm not gonna be mad that you get off on sucking me."  He chuckles when Cas gives his thigh a half-hearted, playful slap.  "And as a distraction, it worked."
"Cas, I just don't think I'm really the right person to be asking," Dean went on, hating feeling like he was letting Castiel down.
"He's a good 'un," Bobby noted, casting a sideways glance at Dean.  "He's lucky he ended up with you."
After Dean left, Cas went to shower.  As he caught sight of himself in the bathroom mirror, however, he stopped.  He turned and looked at himself but, since it was only a small mirror, he couldn't see much.  He went to Dean's room instead and stood in front of the three-door wardrobe, the middle door housing a full-length mirror.
"Because you've waited for him so long I'm surprised your balls haven't shrivelled up and dropped off."
"That didn't seem to be your opinion at the time.  You wanted to count my toes, and your own, to make sure we both had ten."
Once inside, Castiel moved on automatic.  They were running low on groceries so dinner would be something simple - poached eggs on toast, he decided upon seeing the contents of the cupboards.
"Oh!" Dean exclaimed, hating himself for the relief that flooded through him.  "No.  I wouldn't know
At some point he woke, bleary-eyed, to find the room in darkness and a shadowy figure sneaking around the room.
Dinner was pizza, because it was simple and neither of them could be bothered cooking. The TV was really just background noise until the news came on, and they caught the main headline.
- it's eight years later, Dad's just died, and she's got this kid who's turning eight and is just like me. I think to myself that there's a good chance he's mine, so I suck it up and make an effort and... and..."  He licked his lips.  "And I drank too much, and she left," he finished matter-of-factly, but his sense of loss still came through in his tone.
“It's more likely a case of misremembering what happened."  She held up a hand as Dean opened his mouth.  "I think it's very unlikely that you created a new memory only to bury it.  Sometimes we bury a
"And if you need to work extra hours at the library, then that's okay.  Just let me know if you won't be in."
"Behind the bar!" she insisted, shooing him round the front of the counter.  "Now, what do you want?"
Dean was there, with a cold cloth and a reassuring touch, until Cas was finally finished throwing up for the time being and went back to bed.
Dean willingly collapsed face down onto his bed, and began snoring almost immediately. Castiel wrestled him out of his clothes, onto his back, and under the covers; keeping his eyes very deliberately focused on Dean's face as he did so. Green eyes opened and looked at him.
As Cas stared into Dean's green eyes, his skin burning beneath Dean's touch, he realised he couldn't say no.  "Yes," he whispered.  Clearing his throat, he repeated, "Yes.  I'll talk to the accommodation staff after breakfast."
Maybe he was just suffering from a lack of sex.  It had been a while - too long, actually - since he'd gone home with a woman.  Maybe he should have picked someone up on New Year's, instead of taking Cas home.  Jo's words from that night echoed in his mind:
Projecting confidence to cover his initial reluctance, Dean smirked.  "Okay."  He shuffled closer to Cas and started pulling his tie loose.  "Gotta get you naked first," he said with a grin, hands making quick work of his shirt buttons.  "I can't be the only one here showing a bit of skin."
"It's more than I've had the past few years, Cas.  And they're..."  Dean trailed off, reminiscing over past Christmases with his brother.  "They're perfect."
Heading back to his room before he sought Cas out in the kitchen, he rummaged in the bottom of his sock drawer until he found the small wrapped box he'd tucked away.  As he was doing so, his cell phone started to ring, and he picked up the handset without looking at the caller ID.
Dean gasped an exhale into Castiel's mouth as the dam burst, his anticipation flowing out of him in a rush.  He opened his mouth wider, letting Cas in, giving himself completely to the man who had broken down his walls and rebuilt him into a better,
Castiel dropped his gaze to his slice of pie, suddenly not as appealing as it had looked a second ago.
Green eyes stared at him from under long, thick lashes, freckles sprinkled across his cheeks, and full, pink lips spread into a grin, revealing impossibly white teeth.
"And change everything I thought I knew about myself," Dean added, toying with the fingers on Castiel's hand as he wondered, not for first time, how he'd gotten to this point.  "I'm sorry," he said, when Cas said nothing.  "That wasn't fair."
Castiel looked from Dean back to the churning water below.  Dean's concern was just another reason to love him, and it
Castiel was surprised that Dean couldn't hear his heart thumping in his chest, even over the dreadful music that was playing over the sound system.  (He knew it was terrible because Dean had complained about it the moment they'd set foot through the doors.)
They returned their attention to the murderous gingerbread man, but found the movie unable to hold it.  Cas palmed a hand across Dean's chest, feeling a hardened nipple beneath the fabric of Dean's t-shirt.  He glanced up and found Dean staring at him.
was playing on TV and, despite Ben's protests that he wasn't a child, all three found themselves engrossed in it.  They'd stuffed themselves full, so it was an excuse to let their dinner settle before they had to start washing up.
"You're pacing."  Dean had been walking from room to room ever since he'd finished tidying away the things he didn't want Cas to see in his bedroom.
is that many of the people you feel isolated from are still present in your life, in some small way.  My
"Neither do I, Cas, I just want to know where you're going.  I thought you didn't have anywhere else you could go?"
"At least you're being honest," Cas acknowledged.  "You know, when I saw the two of you last night, I was reminded of that night you hit on Jo, and I couldn't help but wonder how many... how many other..."
Dean visibly relaxed a little as Benny clapped him on the shoulder.  "You must've taken a good pounding last night," he said with a dirty chuckle.  "You're still bowlegged."
A sarcastic laugh burst past his lips before he could stop it.  "Yeah.  Several times.  He's not answering."
They watched a beautiful German Shepherd playing fetch, his attention focused solely on the blue ball that was thrown as he chased it, before returning to his owner and dropping at his feet.
"Cas, I'm not going to tell you what to do, okay?  But I guess you need to decide whether or not seeing this girl will make you happy, because if it doesn't...  If she doesn't, you could do better than her.  You
Ben said nothing, but set off back across the pool to Cas.  Dean watched him for a second, wishing that parenting Ben could have always been that easy, before following along behind him.  Castiel was where they'd left him, crouching into the water until his nose and mouth was covered and then standing up again.
"Well, that's debatable," Dean said.  Cas had always been great at giving advice, in his opinion.  "So what's the advice?"
Dean fell silent again, staring blankly at the menu board behind the counter.  The wait for their pizzas seemed longer than usual as they waited in silence, other customers coming and going in a constant chatter while the phone rang regularly.
The girl's moves became more meaningful; filled with purpose now that she'd caught his attention.  She danced for him and only him, drawing him deeper under her spell, and his gaze fell to the cleavage nestled between the sequined stars and stripes that adorned her skimpy top.
Dean stared at him.  "What?" he asked, despite the fact he'd heard every word, because he was so desperate to have heard him wrong.
Once the credits started to roll Dean disappeared to the kitchen, returning a moment later with another bottle of beer.
Dean took a breath, then let it out slowly.  He needed to know what was going on, both to make Ben happy and calm his own nerves.  Otherwise he'd probably keep Cas awake half the night, tossing and turning as his brain dwelled on Ben's apparent unhappiness.  "Are you missing your mom?"
God, how Cas wished that were true.  His patience and understanding with Dean were wearing thin beneath the man's hurtful words, wishing that Dean
Dean barked a laugh.  "You know, for someone who had a very sheltered upbringing, you're pretty socially aware."
"I will! But I swear it's like the dude's bipolar or something. One minute we're having a fun day out, the next he's moody, the day after that he's cleaning my apartment like a neat freak, then I find him trying to off himself. I just don't know what I'm going to get next with the guy." A sudden surge of emotion hit Dean, so he leaned forward, put his head in his hands, and took several deep breaths.
"Get them both," Dean said decisively, tossing squeezy bottles of sour cream and salsa into the cart.
But then Cole played his cards and Dean's mouth went dry.  All of a sudden, he became painfully aware of just how much money he was throwing away.  It wasn't bravery.  It was
Dean swallowed.  "Oh, yeah," he said, immediately attacking his dinner with his cutlery again.  "How's your crab?"
Castiel was so focused on his t-shirt that he missed the way Dean flinched at Sam's name, something that Dean was grateful for. He swallowed the lump in his throat and spoke through gritted teeth. "You don't know what went on between me and him."
Cas quickly - or at least, as quickly as he was able to - finished the last three stitches on his row of knitting, and reached for the phone.
"We've been together for five minutes and everyone thinks I'm going to break up with him!" Dean hissed quietly, too angry to be self-conscious about his word choice.
"I'm just asking!" Cas snapped defensively.  He sighed.  "I don't want you to push yourself too fast and then pull away again.  I
Castiel trailed fingers along Dean's neck, where two faint scars could faintly be seen if you knew where to look - and Castiel did.  He knew every inch of Dean's body.  He put his mouth over the marks and sucked, locking his lips onto Dean's skin and pulling blood to the surface.  Dean's fingers dug into his waist to keep himself grounded.  Cas loved how lost Dean got in sensation, and perhaps there
to finishing this it (or at least the first half, as I split it in two because it was getting too long) I kept forcing myself to fit in a bit of writing time here and there.  So instead I'm going to take a bit of time off from writing in January to mentally recharge and, while I hate it when authors ask for comments, I'm going to say that if you
She nodded, satisfied with his admission.  "Maybe the next time you speak to him, you could try to tell him something.  Anything.  I'm not asking you to go out of your way to talk to him," she assured him, when panic momentarily flashed across his face.  "Just, the next time you phone him.  Or he phones you."
Cas stopped him with a hand on his arm.  "You are a good man, Andy; kind, considerate.  And you're a good friend.  Those are qualities I believe she would desire in a man - I know I do."
"I'll put a little on a handkerchief, and hold it under your nose.  If, at any time, it becomes too much, you can stop me.  Pick a word - I suppose you could call it a 'safe word' - that, if you say it, I'll take the handkerchief away and walk you back out of the cabin."
Dean peppered his lips and chin and cheeks with desperate kisses.  "I need you," Dean breathed into his mouth.
on you - that now, as an adult, it's possible you're subconsciously trying to shed some of that responsibility.  Would you say that's a fair assessment?"
"Yeah.  Yeah, I did.  And now I'm going to walk into the shower," he said, standing and pouring the last of his coffee away.
"We got that internet thingy set up last week," Bobby told him after lunch.  "So you can do whatever it is that you're going to do with it.  But before you get stuck into that, I've got a job for you."
"Oh, yeah.  You're in training mode, so you don't have a card to scan.  But you're right, you need to do that first.  Scan your ID."
Shaking his water bottle to find it all but empty, he trudged across the road when the little light told him to walk and stumbled into the newsagents.  Paying for a refreshingly cold water straight from the fridge, he downed half before he even left the shop.
- and the answer will give us something to address in upcoming sessions.  As a child, you were driven by the need to impress your father.  Yet, when you failed, you couldn't cope with his disappointment in you, or your guilt from your perceived failure.  Sometimes bad parenting, or an unstructured childhood, can emotionally cripple us as children.  When that happens, we are forced to do our emotional development as adults. Like you have done, to a degree."
Once he was safely out of the way and his own discomfort had passed, it registered in his mind that he hadn't been the only one unsettled by the incident.  He cast a quick glance at Dean, who - despite already being somewhat off - looked noticeably paler.  "Sorry."
"Excuse me, Castiel said, finding Andy assisting Dean with a car he couldn't identify.  "I wonder if I might borrow Andy?"
He rubbed a hand over his face as he stood, naked and shivering, heart still pounding from the shock of the cold.
"What?  No!  No, nothing like that."  Dean studied Castiel’s face.  Okay, so his eyes were wide and crystal blue, but his nose was straight and a little too long, and he had a strong jaw shaded by morning scruff.  Cas was definitely
you?"  Given the depth of Castiel's feelings for Dean, she wondered what had happened to make him leave.  Then she realised it was probably something
Castiel huffed a small, sad laugh.  "I think God would disagree with you.  But thank you."  He glanced at his watch.  "I have to go back to work, now."
.  A friendship he could easily have ruined, along with his relationship, when he'd drunkenly tried to kiss her a few weeks back.
to show you them.  And besides, you can't just watch one Marvel movie - they all interlink and it's awesome.  But how about this - enough of me picking films that I think you should see.  Tonight you can choose."
Behind him there was the noise of fabric being rustled and then a moment of silence before Cas stiffly stated, "Okay."
.  He was the one who put food on the table, and picked me up from the police station when I got too drunk as a kid, and who showed me how to tie my tie for prom."
But Mr Shurley waved away his concerns.  "That's not necessary, so long as we both agree that you're going to sign a
"I promise you, Dean, I have ten toes - five on each foot," Castiel chuckled, moving Dean in the direction of his bedroom.
A gentle tugging at his foot caught Dean's attention, and he shifted on the roller board to find Chuck playing with the laces of his boots.
Castiel took a sip of his drink before speaking carefully.  "If you're implying what I think you're implying, then—"
Engines were simple, and they helped him think.  But it didn't help his thought process much that Bobby was pissed to see him buried in an engine, and got even more pissed when he fixed the right parts on the wrong car.  In the end, after giving him an ear-bashing about not paying attention, Bobby sent him home at lunch telling him that he didn't want to see his sorry ass 'til next Monday.
who suffer, too.  The men who grow up believing that they have to be strong, that they're not allowed to feel doubt, or cry.  That they have to provide for their family, and if they don't they're a failure.  This toxic masculinity that your father has instilled in you is harmful, even if he didn't realise it.  The sooner we, as a species, unlearn these beliefs and simply allow everyone to be who they are, the better off we'll be.  And I'd be delighted to go out of business when that happens," she smiled.
"You're not a prisoner here, Dean.  You're a patient."  She paused for a moment, thinking, then looked at him resolutely.  "Would you refuse treatment for a broken leg?"
Dean snorted dismissively, but then turned to glance at him with an amused smirk on his face.  "Are you flirting with me, Castiel Milton?"
Cas didn't sound fine, but maybe that was down to being cooped up indoors for a week.  Dean hoped he'd perk up again once he got back to work.
that it was why Bobby never said anything about him not turning up to work on the 2nd, even if it caused problems in the garage, so he didn't blame Bobby for being surprised to see him.
Dean catches his fiancé's hand and brings it to his lips, kissing his fingertips.  "We're getting old together."
"Sammy and me used to just cover things with newspaper pages.  We didn't have the money to waste on wrapping paper, let alone bows."
in my head, it turned me into somebody that couldn't sit at your dinner table.  And if I'd stayed, you might have turned out just like me."
Eventually he decided that he'd keep walking, clear his head, and figure out what he'd say to Dean when he got home.
Dean took it and looked at it disbelievingly.  Sam had definitely said no, and there had very definitely been next to nothing in his account the other day.
"Damn straight that was inappropriate," Dean growled. "Let's get one thing straight – you don't ever talk about my mother – ever, at all, period. You got that?"
she thought it likely that Dean would be even more reluctant to open up to someone else.  After all, he had a history - however brief - with her, and the motivation to commit after seeing how far Cas had come under her care.
This time when he walked into Pamela's, he walked up to the woman at the desk.  "Dean Winchester," he said blandly, no trace of the irritation he'd felt last time.
"Then you're going to have to come with me.  Come on, sleepyhead.  The fresh air will do you good, and you should stretch your legs."
It was less a cupboard and more a long, narrow room to the side of the office with shelves running down one wall, meaning you almost needed to walk sideways to get to the far end.
Dean noticed the way Castiel subconsciously fingered the bruises on his arm as he spoke, and swallowed. "That can't be right," Dean said, shaking his head.
Cas bit his lip.  Did it make them less special if they were a spur of the moment buy?  No - he refused to think like that.  The flowers were beautiful, and it was the thought that counted - even if not
"Cut the bull, okay?" Dean told her.  "Cas knows.  You don't have to pretend like we've never laid eyes on each other before."
"He offered me his couch.  It might not be as comfortable as yours, but I think we both need space."
"True, but Cas – I didn't ask you to stay so that you could clean, alright?" Dean hurried to assure him.
He worked Cas's cock with his mouth and hands, belatedly remembering to pay some attention to his balls - and really, as a fellow man he should know better.
"Every week, until we were old enough to attend the main church service," Castiel replied. "And then our father would expand on what we had learned that afternoon until the family sat down to dinner."
"But you just bought drinks," Castiel said, not sure why he was turning down the opportunity to go somewhere a lot less...
"I can't see the screen when you stand up," she said, her hands moving uncomfortably close to his dick.  "Maybe you should get back on your knees."
"Hey," Dean said gruffly, his hand reaching for Cas's.  He aborted the move self-consciously in midair, hand twitching before relaxing as his rough fingers curled around Castiel's.    "It's not your fault.  You didn't know they were assholes."
"If we're out, write it on the list," Cas told him, leaning over the counter to try and see down the back of the refrigerator.
been into a guy.  Not like that, not...  He forced that particular memory back into the depths of his mind.  But then there was Cas, who had wormed his way into Dean's life until Dean never wanted him to leave.  He felt
"Oh, Dean, that's wonderful," Cas said, and Dean could hear the smile in his voice.  Then he doubted himself.  "It
"I get the feeling I interrupted something in the car," Dean blurted out suddenly.  He wasn't sure he should push the matter, but he needed to make sure Cas and Ben weren't arguing behind his back.
Dean shook his head as he indicated left.  "At this rate, I'm going to have two counsellors for the price of one."
, he frowned at the screen when he saw that two hundred dollars had mysteriously appeared in his account.  Retrieving his card from the machine, he walked back into the shop to buy
The first thing he noticed was that he looked dead. His gaze was hard – his brow almost constantly furrowed as he bore the strain of their lives – and his eyes were empty and sad, surrounded by more lines than he could count. Laughter lines, Sam would call them. Dean scoffed. When was the last time either of them had laughed?
Usually he was eager for lunch so he could eat, but today he was desperate for Cas to show up so they could tell everyone together and get rid of this nausea in the pit of his stomach.  Whether the others were supportive or not, he just needed to
Dean lay in bed, waiting for the clock to change.  When it read midnight, he crept out of bed and snuck down the stairs.  In the living room, bent over their stockings which were set out under the tree, was a man in a red suit and a fantastic ass.
