Clint's blue eyes, still full of resistance, met Phil's. The archer hoped quietly that the eye contact was as reassuring to Phil as it was to him.
Frigga drew herself up, offering Bruce a faint smile before lifting a hand. Her spells would not hold the man for long. She had yet to figure out whether his imperviousness had to do with his mutation or something else, something innate inside him that made him less susceptible to such things. With all the will she could muster, Frigga cast a spell to bind the man to the floor. "If you have means to restrain him, now would be the time."
Tony stared at Loki for a moment as if trying to determine whether the god was messing with him. Realizing Loki seriously had no clue, he laughed a little. "No, heh. No. No, I'm not sure why he's still alive. Only Logan can do stuff like that. But I guess SHIELD managed to save him somehow." He smirked at his captor. "Maybe your aim is off."
Fury was two steps from the door already. "Just stand by. Stay within twenty four hours of HQ, and don't get drunk again until I tell you you can. I have to go make a long distance phone call."
"Cute." He blushed at the familiar touch but didn't rise to the bait. Phil stood and grabbed Clint's tray as well as his own before leaving them at the counter. "I'd like to change, yes. I do own 'normal' clothes. I never realized normal was so important to you, Barton. After all these years, I'm still learning things..." He threw the man a smile and led the charge to his room. Once inside, Phil scrounged up some jeans and a t-shirt and adjourned to the bathroom to put them on. Normally he didn't wear his t-shirts for much more than sleep or days spent in his own room. It was an odd and pleasant opportunity to be so dressed down. Even on nights when the Avengers got together for casual events and invited him, Phil so often came straight from his office that he rarely came in anything but his suit pants and shirt. He stepped out and held out his arms. "Casual enough?"
"The only question is what the hell kind of signature it might leave. Teleportation isn't exactly standard." Phil looked annoyed at their ability to do so little with the lives of their team potentially on the line. "We don't know what Loki wants them for, and I'd rather get them back before we have a chance to find out."
"Better a dumb, drunk moment, right?" Tony pushed a button to roll the top down as they cruised slowly toward the Avengers headquarters.
When the door to Logan's room opened, Steve was only momentarily surprised to find a shirtless Scott looking back at him instead of Logan. "Uh, sorry. Didn't mean to interrupt, but could I speak with Logan for a moment?"
Natasha emerged from the bathroom wearing a camisole top and sleep pants. She smiled at the smell of popcorn and the sight of Clint waiting patiently for it to finish popping. She grabbed them a couple of sodas from the fridge knowing neither of them would stay awake through more than five minutes of the movie otherwise. They were too fried. Nat stretched, rolled her head on her neck to work out the kinks, and grabbed a bowl. "Toss the popcorn in here and let's do this." Soon enough they were curling up on the couch side by side. It was a different sort of intimate than their usual encounters, but not in a bad way. As the movie began and they took to sipping soda and eating popcorn like they were teenagers instead of covert agents for a powerful government agency, Natasha couldn't help but ask, "So what were you and Phil up to this morning?"
The teasing was fine by Scott. He was hot and hard, but that would keep. He was just as interested in seeing all of Logan and enjoying the process of getting where they were going. "Y'know, this couch is becoming our official fuck spot. Maybe we should mix it up, actually go have sex in bed. That would be kinky for us." Scott didn't really care where they had sex as long as they did have sex. As long as he got to keep pawing at Logan like it was going out of style, he was a happy man.
Phil laughed and gave the man in his arms a gentle squeeze. "Actually, I already knew that too. My office couch has a Clint-shaped dent in it." He whispered the words, not really wanting to break the spell, and then fell silent. He was content to hold onto Clint and enjoy the music and the day. It was comfortable in a perfect, easy kind of way that Phil realized he'd missed. His scattered relationships had rarely allowed the luxury. The only one that had come close was Audrey, but that had fallen by the wayside after his "death," and when she’d moved on, it was easier to let her go than explain. It was easier with Clint, who had security clearance of his own. They could speak freely, and they knew one another's rhythms after years of practice.
"Ah, no, forgive me. You will be going back. Miss Romanov shall stay with me a bit longer." Loki smiled at the woman with no affection whatsoever. "Tell your friends she will be returned unharmed when the time comes... not that they'll believe you." He plucked the gold sphere from his pocket and, with a flick of his wrist, sent Logan back to where he'd started.
Tony pressed a decidedly non-sweet kiss to Steve's lips, drawing back to give him a smoldering look. "Definitely not tired," he breathed before smiling more casually and drawing away. "Something light... grilled cheese?"
It was a brush off assignment, but Scott didn't hesitate before agreeing. He knew he wasn't ready for a more active role yet, and apparently so did everyone else. Much as that stung, Scott had spent too long in Steve's place to argue for anything else. His pride wasn't worth someone getting hurt. "Absolutely, Captain."
Logan gave Nat and then the tray a skeptical look. He definitely wasn't the sort for having his alcohol fruity, but he accepted the proffered drink in the spirit of the evening. The shot was sweet, too sweet, but the vodka gave him a nice split-second buzz, and he smiled faintly. "Alright, not as terrible as it could be," he allowed, putting the cup back down. Scott seemed to be pretty enamored with the concoction, and the idea of seeing Nat and Scott drunk sounded pretty damned amusing. Logan was having a hard time remembering the last time he'd smiled and laughed so much - even if it wasn't that much by most people's standards - and he wasn't about to be a spoilsport.
SHIELD had already gotten an evacuation order put in through Homeland Security, and there initially appeared to be no one there as they entered. "Okay, Loki. We know you and your army of freaks are here. You can come out."
Fitz nodded his agreement and managed around a mouthful of muffin, "It's beautiful because it's so simple."
"Bruce, if it was your boyfriend struggling to carry a few cokes and sandwiches up here for lunch, you wouldn't be so fucking self-righteous," Tony snapped, then took a moment to get himself together and looked back at Fitz-Simmons. "Thanks for even trying. I'm sure you'll figure something out." Still shaking a little from his outburst, Tony settled into his usual seat and started tinkering with files again.
"You're actually a terrible liar. For a spy, I'm pretty sure that's not good." It warmed his heart the way their thighs rested together and their feet tangled under the table not entirely accidentally. If he hadn't been one of the participants, Phil supposed he would've found it rather disgustingly adorable. As one of the participants, it made him giddy. "So you're saying that if I take you home and have my way with you somewhere around date number three, you aren't going to assume I do that with everyone? We'll just pretend we didn't skip the whole first date part before the first time? I'm worried that this could ruin my reputation for being completely frigid. The newbies are never going to believe I'm a robot."
"You will. We all will." Coulson met the man's gaze and tried to smile. "Right now, you need to rest and warm up. Then we all move in together on this. We don't have a direction yet. The second I know anything, you’ll know it too."
Clint drew himself up straight and nodded. "Yes, sir."
Clint wavered. He could hear the pain in Phil's voice, the slight shake. He knew his handler was scared. Phil didn't get scared without a good reason. Forcing himself to compartmentalize the moment, the archer willed himself to sit. It was an order.
It was a long moment before Coulson found his voice. He knew it was shock, but the intellectual knowledge of that did very little to help. Honestly it was hard when he wanted to drift away. Losing touch with the world for awhile sounded like heaven. Finally Clint's hand on his arm came into focus along with the vibrant red of the chaffed skin, and he reached up, taking Clint's hand and realizing the tatters of his shirt were still hanging from his wrists. Phil elected to ignore them for the moment and clutched Clint's hand in his own shaking one. "Don't hurt yourself," he choked out. "He'll hurt both of us plenty. Don't hurt yourself, okay?"
In spite of protesting stitches, Tony stretched up for a long, slow kiss. It was impossible not to get turned on at the feel of Steve's cock in his hand. The only thing that sounded better... Tony shifted to lay on his stomach, careful of his injuries, and pressed a kiss to Steve's hip, glancing up at the blonde with a wicked smirk as he continued to stroke Steve's cock. Tony wasn't sure how far he could push with his injuries, but he planned to find the line and threaten to step over it.
With anyone else, Phil knew he would have hesitated to strip down. He was bruised and battered, and seeing that made it feel more real. It was good for the healing process. He knew that intellectually. Less intellectually, he wanted to take his meds and hide away from the pain. Instead he dealt with things in what he felt was a slightly better adjusted way. He curled up in bed and let himself get wrapped up in Clint's comforting warmth. He couldn't resist kissing Clint's forehead and thanking god silently for the fact that they could still touch each other without flinching. It meant that with time and effort and space, they would get to a better place. Clint was absolutely right. "Sweet dreams."
"She's... focused," Coulson explained with a faint smile. May wasn't what anyone would consider a people person, but she was also one of the rare people he trusted implicitly. "It's good to hear we'll have some additional back up. Whether we find Loki there or not, I'd rather have a few extra pairs of eyes covering our collective asses."
Steve reached across the table at once and took Tony's hand. "Don't do that to yourself. I made the decision to go ahead, and I still think it was the right one. The serum gave me a lot of things. It saved my life more often than I can count and helped me get the tessaract away from Hydra, and it let me live long enough to get to meet you. Maybe I just reached the end of the line getting so much extra help."
"We've brought the power down on the gun," Simmons exchanged a quick glance with Bruce, "but we don't think it's enough for anyone without enhanced abilities to survive use. Not even with what the nanobots can do. It would be a long shot at best."
"Hey, look, he was the one who flinched. Wouldn't've nicked him if he'd held still," Logan groused.
Loki glared the woman down. "Quiet, please. The grown-ups are talking." A flick of his wrist found a gag in Natasha's mouth and chains jerking up from the floor to bind her arms. "There. Now, where was I? Ah, yes. What I can do for you." Loki paced in front of Logan's cell thoughtfully. "You strike me as a man who's far less selfish than others might believe. You don't want anything for yourself. You want to help your new boyfriend. I believe he as in an accident as a child? Yes, he's never quite been able to control his abilities since then. A shame, truly, given his talents. What if I could fix that for him?"
The interruption seemed to have jarred enough sense into Logan, though, to make sure he complied with the request as he refocused on his partner. Steve's almost nervous breaths were hard to tune out long enough for the feral mutant to slick some of the provided lube over the blonde's twitching entrance. It was incredible how much of a turn-on the sound of that powerful heart and the scent of Steve's sweat were. Finally tossing the lube bottle aside, Logan hooked his hips forward and began slowly penetrating the blonde, groaning as sensation began to overwhelm once more.
"Thank you," Phil repeated, genuinely grateful. He crossed over to the shirts and couldn't help a wry smile as he looked over to Clint. "Am I more a neon pink guy or a camo guy?"
"Maybe." Bucky wasn't entirely convinced. He hated what he saw the mirror; a former shell of himself scarred and haunted by past deeds he could not remember. Bucky somehow doubted a haircut and a change of clothing would erase all that. Still, he appreciated Coulson's suggestion. He found himself glancing around the room, feeling as if the walls were closing in. "I don't know what is it about places like this," he confided, meaning hospitals in general. "It makes me feel... like something bad's about to happen." Bucky's stress level grew along with a seemingly never ending paranoia that everyone was plotting against him.
Tony moaned, letting one of his hands gently fondle Steve's balls before his fingers wandered southward. One digit slowly worked its way into the blonde, finding that perfect spot inside him and crooking against it. He sucked Steve’s cock as deep into his throat as he could and moaned, eager to taste his lover's release.
"It will put you back on track to being in the field, yes. The process won't be as quick as Dr. Erskine's original formula. This works only with the serum already present in your body, so it will be slow at first. The cells will be... well, will be woken up for lack of a better explanation. Then they'll begin spreading, reproducing. It may still be painful, but it should be nothing compared to what you went through the first time." Simmons paused to let Steve absorb the news. "Are you ready, Captain Rogers?"
"I'll do everything I can," Tony assured, his voice shaking. Tony Stark didn't cry. He almost never even felt sad. At least, that was what he kept telling himself as a few tears rolled down his cheek and splashed on Steve's shoulder as he held his lover close. "Love you," he whispered, wiping his face as quickly as possible as he drew away. He offered Steve a wan smile as he forced himself to head for the door. "I'll see you later."
Natasha broke out laughing at that. "He didn't until you told him," she corrected. "We did that in my room, remember? And I killed all the feeds in here years ago." She punctuated the words by shaking her head at how oblivious someone so observant could be. "And, yes, he's bi. Ran into him on a date one night." She shrugged casually as if they always discussed Coulson's sex life. "The guy was cute, I guess. Nothing special."
Scott hummed his pleasure before finally admitting, "Not sure you rubbing me all over is the way to get clean. Definitely not mentally." He couldn't help but kiss Logan the first chance he got. The man was delicious. He grabbed the soap and did his best to return the favor without moving any farther away from Logan. "Not that I mind. I kind of enjoy the dirty parts."
"You say the sweetest things," Scott chuckled as he slid off of Logan's lap and onto the floor. His lover was hard as a rock, the tip of his cock leaking and leaving a dark patch against his boxers. Slowly Scott eased them off and left Logan's whole body bare to his gaze. He enjoyed the view unreservedly until Logan made a needy sound, and he remembered he'd promised to do something specific. Scott smiled and ran his tongue in long, sure licks over the heated flesh. He felt Logan's cock jump against his tongue but waited until he felt the strain in Logan's thighs under his hands before he finally took the head of the man into his mouth.
Clint raised an eyebrow. "You sure like shoving me toward Darien. Starting to think you like thinking of us tangled up together," he said, a look of amusement on his face. Clint couldn't resist the urge to push buttons. Coulson flustered looked a lot like Coulson any other time, but Clint had gotten to the point that, if he watched closely enough, he could detect the cracks in the agent's calm facade.
"Perfectly fine," Tony assured him. "I'm sure my liver will be grateful for a break. It was probably lining up a lawsuit, thinking I was attempting to pickle it." His stomach rumbling, Tony took a step out of the kitchen to allow Steve a chance to finish his preparations. He watched the other man busying himself, and felt the need to express something he'd been thinking about all day. "Steve," Tony began, "I never did get a chance to thank you. If you hadn't insisted on seeing me, I'd probably still be hiding in my room drinking myself to death."
Logan was busy taking in the sight of Nat in nothing but some very incredible looking underwear. The woman was all hard lines and grace, feminism and deadly strength all rolled together in perfect, equal measure. When he finally caught up to the question, he shrugged, glancing at Scott. "Think I'd rather wing it." He smiled faintly. "Few too many options to ask me to commit to somethin', darlin'," he said, closing distance on the two and hooking an arm around each waist. He gave Nat a pointed look before his lips attacked Scott's neck, making it a point to suck on those perfect spots he knew would make the man squirm. At the same time, he slid two fingers into the lacy string of Nat's underwear right where it passed over her hip, not wanting her to feel ignored. He was showing off a bit, not in the least because he had a feeling she enjoyed the idea of him fucking Scott as much as the idea of one of them fucking her.
"The feeling's mutual on both counts," Steve answered, laughing even as he flopped back onto the carpet in a graceless, comfortable sprawl. They were definitely going to have to clean up later. He was going to need a shower to safely come into contact with any surfaces and have them not need extensive cleaning. But it didn't matter. High on endorphins and Tony, Steve felt damn near blissful for the time being. "I don't think I can walk. I literally don't think my legs would work if I tried right now. It's wonderful."
Sif squared her shoulders and tipped her head back. "Now." She surged forward without a word, kicking in the doors at the end of the hallway and taking in the scene in a heartbeat. Thankfully the long lull in activity had apparently made them all too comfortable. The lady's mutant captor sat on a couch just inside with Lady Frigga at the window toward the back of the room. Sif raised her sword, the hilt clutched tight in her hand. "It would be in your best interest to surrender at once."
Scott blushed. "I... that... I didn't exactly expect to get off on that," he answered, sounding almost nervous. It was one thing knowing that Logan liked it, but it was still strange. He still felt somehow less than knowing that he enjoyed being debased like that. At least, he worried that Logan might look at him that way. All it took was actually meeting Logan's gaze and some of the worry unfurled. "Kind of finding a lot of new things lately."
Tony opened his mouth to tell Steve he'd figure out a way to kill him if the man stopped, but the sight and sensation of Steve slowly swallowing him stopped everything. Instead, a shaky moan was all that escaped, and Tony's hands balled into fists in the comforter. "Steve...." he groaned, closing his eyes and arching his head back as he tried to calm himself. He had to take a few deep breaths to focus. //Don't want this over too soon.// He finally opened his eyes again, looking down to watch Steve's full lips slide over his shaft.
The idea was enough to make Phil's heart skip a beat, and he couldn't resist reaching for Clint's free hand. "What happens in my locked office on our lunch breaks is no one's business but ours," he assured firmly. "I'm not planning on hiding this from anyone, either. I'm going to file the paperwork, Fury will know. I just have to keep some boundaries in place. That's more about me than the rules. I know my limits, and I know that I'm already prone to being a little more forgiving than I should be with you and Natasha as it is." It had never been easy to stay mad at Clint long. All it took was a few days of the man slinking around giving him hurt puppy looks and bringing him coffee quietly in the mornings and Phil tended to forget why he'd been angry to start with. Hoping to take some of the sting out of the idea of keeping things handler and asset during the long days in the office, Phil allowed, "I'll even get a better lock for the door. Promise."
Clint/Phil smut and sweetness because they're goddamn adorable.
It was on the tip of Scott's tongue to lie, but he honestly couldn't think of a lie that made as much sense as the truth. "I don't know if he's really been... 'compromised', you call it? I don't know if it's that serious. There's something eating at him, but that's Logan. That's how he is. If whatever was in those files triggered some bad memories-"
Everything Agent Coulson said made perfect sense. Indeed, it made Bucky wonder why he'd ever doubted himself in the first place. His argument was very persuasive, and Bucky could not help but wonder if this might be part of his therapy. "Well, when you put it that way," he conceded softly. "I'm beginning to see that it's useless to feel down about myself around you." Bucky even managed a hint of a smile, but that turned into another shadowed frown when he glanced down at the metal which had replaced his arm. It was a painful reminder of all the time he had lost. "I don't suppose you guys can do anything about this?"
Tony made sure he got between Fitz and the food and grabbed hold of Steve for a hug and an appreciative kiss before grabbing his own. "Thanks, beautiful," he said with a grin. More quietly, he asked, "You okay?"
Scott turned to see his visitor and found himself alone in the room once again. "What the hell?" //Loki.// A moment later he was rushing down the hall to find Nick Fury.
"Better," the mutant growled, looking up at Coulson as he put his boot in the middle of Barton's back like a prize kill. "Much better, right?" He knelt, straddling Clint's lower back and dragging his claws over Clint's shoulders, leaving more bloody trails and drawing a hiss if pain from the archer. "I think we all like this better, don't we, suit?"
"You know, you're kind of insanely adorable when you blush," Tony lightly teased before he segued into serious mode again. "No, you did the right thing. If you had stayed, I probably would have found some way of running you off." He’d been in the worst possible condition for keeping friends or accepting comfort, but Steve had burst in and shook more than a little sense into him. "And it's not stupid and you deserve to know how grateful I am."
"Hey," Phil reached for one of Clint's shaking hands while Simmons fluttered around them taking readings. "Hey, look at me. You're fine. You're going to be just fine." He hoped that was true and looked up to see Simmons give him a half shrug that said she had no better an idea than he did.
The suction and the feeling of Tony pressing into him were enough to leave Steve squirming beneath the other man. His cock pulsed in Tony's grip. He was lost in thoughts of how hot it was, the idea of walking around with a prominent reminder to anyone who cared to look of exactly who he belonged to. "Tony... that's... so good," he panted. "All yours." The fingers of one hand clutched at Tony's hair, and he used the other to blindly grope for the lube on the nightstand. He pressed it into Tony's hand. "Might need this."
A quick radio call and an even quicker helicopter ride later, they were back at SHIELD. Logan chased off the medics, fairly certain that Scott didn't really need them and sure he didn’t want them around. He left Scottwith one of Stark's ridiculously hi-tech light-based laptops and went to clean up and change. He'd asked Scott to come find him when he was done. Logan wasn't sure why the idea of the other man leaving was so uncomfortable. They hadn't exactly been best buddies even before the meltdown.
The words were enough to do away with most of Phil's motivation to move again. Ever. He swallowed thickly and turned Clint's head toward his again. A kiss was the only real answer he could think of to those words. Food could definitely wait. He had something far more interesting. Maybe getting arrested for indecent exposure wouldn't be that bad. Maybe he possessed enough self control to not end up dragging Clint into his lap. Maybe.
"Haters gonna hate," Tony muttered, though he seemed completely unphased by the backhanded comment.
At those words, Tony drew back a little, scrutinizing Steve for a moment before he slowly smiled. "Gonna hold you to that," he finally decided, leaning up for a kiss. "Not sure how good I am at the whole romantic dancing thing. I mostly just do the kind that your mother would've warned you about had she seen it coming."
"Always been a quick learner," Steve mumbled before filling his mouth again. Tony writhed gorgeously with every movement. If Steve was honest, it was one of his favorite parts of sex. The intimate power of it appealed to him, and Steve felt far less likely to hurt his partner through inattention or a momentary loss of control.
In which part of the team goes out to blow off steam, and things actually go really, really well.
"Well, I can vouch for that. I guess." It wouldn't be entirely true, but he supposed that was a matter of opinion. Loki hadn't technically forced him to do anything. Manipulated the hell out of him, yes, but there had been no force. He tilted his head at the god. "The really weird part here is that it doesn't actually feel like you're trying to manipulate me again. Then again, I guess you don't have to." He gave Loki a hard stare. "Just remember one thing: you leak my secret, and the Avengers are gonna get a very different story from me. True or not."
"Barton."
Coulson frowned at the image on the screen and finally spoke, "I don't think their intentions are to hurt the team. Unfortunately intentions don't always mean anything. Summers is a standup guy by all accounts. He's a by the rules type." Of course, so was Steve, but the man was willing to bend the rules if it meant keeping his people safe. For Summers, that meant protecting Logan. "If Logan's been compromised, we may not know how until it's too late. As you said, if we jump the gun and start a fight, we're hurting ourselves, and we're ruining a chance of alliance likely not only with Logan and Summers but with the X-Men. If we're up against the Brotherhood, that's not a sound strategy." He looked over at Clint, feeling bad for suggesting inaction when the man was itching to deal with the potential threat. "We need to wait. If we confront them at all, it needs to be private. A meeting, not an arrest. If Logan's holding back or Summers is, give them a chance to come clean on the record."
Clint was quiet for a long moment as he moved about the kitchen, getting out the aforementioned food and prepping a pot of coffee while he was at it. He felt he should have been trying to sleep in his own bed, stand on his own. But the idea hurt. Still fiddling with the coffee maker, Clint nodded slowly. "Okay," he finally agreed, the word quiet but firm. While part of him wanted to drag Phil back into the bedroom and make the man forget that anyone else had ever touched him and promise him that they'd never be apart, Clint knew it was way too soon on a few different time scales. Even without the abduction, though, it would have been too much. The frantic urgency to seal their relationship for good was hard to quell, though. Gently, Clint edged closer and tugged Phil close, brushing a gentle kiss to the man's lips before he rested his head against the other man's shoulder. "Thank you. Don't think I could sleep anywhere else."
"And I believe that, but, Mr. Stark, I know you were aware of exactly how many people probably had their cell phones out at the club earlier."
Tony smiled devilishly as he slowly started working a finger into Steve's body. The lack of hesitance on his part was intoxicating. It was strange, seeing the seemingly straight-laced blonde so wanton. He leaned in for a long, deep kiss as his finger slowly worked into his lover's body, drawing back to pant for air a moment later. "Dear god, you're tight..." he breathed. "You're gonna feel so good..."
"Nice to meet you, Mr. Summers. You're welcome to come along... though you're certainly not required to."
This is just an interlude, so I'll also post a legit chapter in a bit.
The pain was horrific, but it was honestly nothing compared to how embarrassing it was to lose to the Avengers again when he was so close. The team had been fractured, well beyond the point where he thought they had any chance of managing so cohesive a defense. And of course it had been the archer. Loki seethed quietly at that, the idea that a mortal who had been his servant, had been so willing to give in to his every whim, had been the one to break him down.
Tony couldn't help but feel a little bit agitated at the sight of Logan biting into the blonde's perfect skin. Not that Tony had any delusions that Steve might not recover or that Tony had any chance of protecting him, but the possessive move rankled his nerves in a way that he wasn't quite able to understand yet. Willing to make a competition out of it, Tony leaned up and began working the blonde's throat in earnest, licking and nipping as his fingers found their way to one pert nipple and began to slowly tease the sensitive nub. "You feel amazing," he murmured against sweat-slick skin. He wanted Steve to enjoy himself as much as possible, and focusing on Steve let Tony forget the nagging pain of the 'scrape' Logan had left on his back.
Though Steve's first instinct was to point out that Tony was in absolutely no shape to be part of the mission, he nodded instead. "Alright." If they did go after someone who was targeting Tony, they wouldn't go alone anyway. Steve focused on the medics as they looked Tony over and took his vitals. One of the men explained calmly to them both that Tony appeared to have two cracked ribs but that they'd be confirming that with X-rays once they arrived at the hospital.
The woman sent a sad smile in Logan's direction. "Which one?" She shook her head before any of them could answer. "Thor is enchanted. I may be able to lift the spell. They have kept us apart, and I doubt they would have bothered was the spell not vulnerable to my magic. The guards are loyal, perhaps to a fault. They have followed my son without once asking why he has been acting so little like himself."
Tony sighed longingly as he turned away from the door. "You three should be aware that I'm missing out on some amazing, acrobatic sex with Captain America while we poke this Ass-gardian mallet with a stick," he sulked, hands jammed in his pockets as he sauntered in, offering Fitz-Simmons a look that said he thought they were a waste of oxygen before giving Bruce a smile that suggested he had absolutely no sense of self-preservation. "Any leads, or were you guys waiting on me to start the party?"
Clint was more or less in a coma, snoring softly, for several hours. As his dreams drew to a close, though, he was back in the hallway with Logan. This time, fighting for his life and Coulson's. Deadly blades were buried in the Agent's chest before the archer could do anything about it. "Coulson!" The name jarred Clint awake, and he realized he was the one who'd said it. It hadn't been loud, but it had been enough. He was on the floor, tangled in a throw he didn't even remember falling asleep with. It took him a few seconds to remember where he was, and a few more before he could hear anything but his heart pounding in his ears. Sagging forward and propping his elbows on his knees, he rubbed a hand over his face and tried to relax. He'd get up when he was shaking less.
Coulson let out a soft sigh that sounded more like a groan. He hated himself a little for not stopping things then and there. What happened with Natasha had never been intended as more than a one off. With Clint... but, then again, if it was his only chance, maybe it wouldn't be such a good idea to say no. "Maybe we should find a more private spot, then."
Logan drank the issue down gladly, continuing to suck until Scott's moans sounded more pained than pleasant. He finally drew away, crawling up to press his lips to his lover's and enjoying the mingled taste of both their releases on his tongue. "You look good," he murmured, nuzzling Scott's throat, his cheek. The man was sweaty, flushed, his hair a proper mess, and more beautiful than ever.
It was a more generous offer and more kindly put than Steve had expected. He sighed and took a moment to collect himself. "Thank you. We appreciate the sentiment, but this is going to be a slow process if it works at all. Dr. Simmons, do you have what you need?"
Logan raised an eyebrow, looking understandably skeptical. "Honestly, I'm better at death and dismemberment." When Coulson didn't offer any alternatives, Logan sighed. "Alright. Fine, but I don't care if it's a whole busload o' orphans, if ya ask me to dress in drag, I'm out." He wasn't honestly sure he could manage to resist the urge to kill a whole bunch of people if he was presented with slavers at their "best," but he was willing to try and play along.
"That sounds like a pretty good plan," Steve agreed. He let go of Tony's hand long enough to finish off his dinner then took point in cleaning the kitchen up. "Now,I think maybe we had done other plans before we make sure you get a good night's sleep." It was strange to feel tentative about approaching his lover for sex, but there it was. He sounds his arms carefully around Tony's waist and felt immediately more at ease close to the man.
Clint's smile broadened at the memory. "I remember that now," he said. It had been a minor op that had gotten way more out of hand than it should have due to the delayed extraction. Phil had been so unbelievably angry, Clint had found himself sneaking offerings of food and coffee to the man and avoiding direct interaction for a week before it had all cooled down. The archer's eyes softened, and he tilted his head a little as he traced a finger along Phil's jaw. "You weren't angry, were you? You were scared," he realized.
The conversation had gone over Steve's head almost as soon as it started. He didn't like the look Bruce was giving Tony, though. Whereas Tony often talked over his head on purpose just to keep him from being entirely in the loop, Bruce tried to keep most of what he said accessible to everyone listening - at least as much as he could with part of the audience being as technically uncertain as Steve. "English?"
Though she took Clint's point to heart, Natasha still shrugged. "We'll see. I'll behave if they do." Given the small number of people she genuinely liked and respected in the world, if someone tried to say anything about Steve or his altered state, she knew that they'd end up regretting it one way or another. "I promise I'll make sure they aren't able to file a report if it comes down to it," she assured as they headed down into the cafeteria.
Logan's only regret was that he couldn't get a good look at Scott's face. Still, the sight of the man writhing underneath him, the sounds of his desperate gasps, were more than entertainment enough, and the show Natasha was putting on was top notch as well. Logan nipped at the skin behind Scott's ear, then rasped, "Cum for me, slut... show me how much you love this."
Natasha's eyes flashed. "He took Tony's body," she clarified, tone angry rather than cold. None of it was directed toward Scott, but it was all there. "Clint and Coulson are missing too. Best we can tell some of Loki's friends got them." She took a slow breath, gaze narrowed. "Steve's upstairs."
"Fine. Fitz? Wanna show up the old guys? Figure out a way for these things to patch me up. Or at least make them so they can help me in the case of a severe trauma. I've already got an AED built in in case my heart stops after the whole New York thing, but..." He gestured vaguely. Holding out his hand, a small ball of red and gold congealed from the main body of the suit in his palm. "Here." He handed Fitz the sphere. "Nanobot sample. And I swear to god, if you put anything you learn from that into SHIELD's archives, I will give you a wedgie that makes your high school years seem like a walk in the park." For all his seemingly random bluster, Tony was starting to get an idea. If Fitz was actually as smart as everyone claimed, if he could make the nanobots capable of stopping him from bleeding to death, then he might just be able to help Steve with or without Bruce's help.
The junior agent held up a set off high-tech looking handcuffs. "There were some other stipulations," he said, looking almost apologetic.
"The more you talk, the more I like you," Loki observed decisively. He arched an eyebrow at Creed. "Are all humans so obsessed with having only what is denied to them when it comes to sex?"
Darien cried out as well, his whole body shaking as he came hard with Clint's cock pressed deep inside him and the man's teeth speared into his neck. It was amazing. The sounds he made were entirely incoherent. His own fingernails dug into Clint's shoulders, and he couldn't even remember when they'd risen up to find hold there. As Darien lay panting through the aftermath, he found himself wondering why in the hell he hadn't been trolling crazy spy organizations for hookups all along.
Realistically Coulson knew that Clint was probably screwing with his head. Less realistically he found himself unable to resist using his grip on Clint's hips to close the last of the distance between them. "This the kind of moving you had in mind?" Of course Clint felt as good as he looked. He was all heat and hard muscle, and Coulson couldn't keep himself from wondering what it would be like to explore the same thing without clothes in the way.
It didn't even occur to Tony to pull away from the god. He was too far gone to think of anything but how fucking gorgeous Loki looked when he came, how good it felt to be buried in the god's hot depths. Tony shifted back a little, his hands clamping onto Loki's slender hips as he started thrusting hard, holding nothing back. It took little more to drive Tony over the edge, and he cried out unreservedly as he came hard. As the orgasm passed, Tony slowly relaxed, sagging to one side of his partner, panting with nothing but bliss on his face as he savored the afterglow.
"I'd be happy to step aside," Bruce said with his infinitely patient smile.
Tony relaxed and enjoyed the show for a moment. It was a definite turn-on to watch the two powerful men pressed so close to one another and slowly dropping all pretense of restraint. The bedroom was still several paces away, but Tony didn't really care. He was as happy fucking around on the floor or the kitchen table as anything. //Though the table might not handle all this,// he thought, pressing himself against Logan's side and giving the feral mutant a less-than-gentle bite on the neck. It was in part play, but he was also definitely starting to feel a little left out and wanted to take out his frustration on the guy who was distracting Steve.
As soon as his feet hit the ground, Phil had an arm curled protectively around Clint's waist. They were... nowhere. Nowhere he could put a finger on, anyway, which was the same thing. They were surrounded by scrub brush and a few trees that looked like they'd never actually seen any water. Still suspicious of the situation, too much so to spend much time worrying about his surroundings, Phil pressed, "What kind of deal is that? What does Loki get from letting us go?"
That was something Logan could relate to, and he nodded, grateful Scott hadn't pushed about his comment. "I can get behind that. Kinda what I was doin' when SHIELD picked me up, but with more alcohol and fistfights. Dunno that you'd call that 'work', though." He offered a faint grin. "You can crash here tonight if you want, or I can probably get 'em to give you a suite o' your own. The couch folds out, and you can take the bed." Logan hadn't bothered to make it up after the last time he'd slept in it, but it was clean enough otherwise. The feral mutant had made it clear to Stark that he didn't want anybody or anything coming by to clean up his room.
Loki grabbed the man's hips and, smiling wickedly, lined himself up. Stark was open and relaxed, and it was surprisingly easy to work his way inside. It took a few forceful thrusts, but soon he was buried to the hilt in Tony's body. Though he more often bottomed, the change wasn't unpleasant. Certainly it was worth it to see the way Stark's mouth fell open and the look of abject pleasure etched onto his handsome face. //And people talk of lies as if they're a bad thing.//
For a moment Steve looked trapped, but he relaxed quickly. It was strange how easy it actually was to relax around Clint. Considering the fact that the man knew almost as many ways to kill someone as Nat and seemed to enjoy employing them just as much, he should have been intimidating at best. Instead Steve found himself relatively at ease with the man. He hesitated before stepping in a little closer. "I'm guessing you haven't seen the latest memo from Fury?" Steve had finally gotten the hang of checking email on his phone after several coaching sessions with Tony, and Fury's memo about "appropriate public behavior" had been none-too-subtle especially when coupled with the entertainment headlines of the day that showed just how little good SHIELD's efforts to cover up the video had done. "Last night got a little crazy."
Natasha smiled at the exchange, the teasing and then the sincere admission. There was something there. It wasn't much of anything yet, but it was something.
Phil reached out, his hand closing over one of Clint's and drawing it away from the cup. He felt the rough, calloused spots on the fingers and smiled at the touch. "It was friends spending time together. The last thing I want is for you to feel bad about any of the time we've spent together in the past. Believe me when I say that I don't regret a second of it." Regardless of his crush, Phil had never felt bad about getting extra time in with Clint be it at work or in their spare time - rare as that was. "I'm glad you wanted any of that time with me. I'm glad you want this time with me."
There's smut, but it's fluffy smut. This is mostly pure sweetness because they deserve it. Things are about to get rough.
"And we'd like to avoid that if at all possible."
"Yeah, well, I am an old guy, and no scotch until you're not on the hard stuff." Steve flicked the IV trailing into Tony's hand. He let himself relax, setting aside the magazine and reaching for Tony's other hand to take it tightly into his. "You scared the hell out of me. Again. Any chance I could talk you into not almost dying for awhile? That would be really nice." Steve couldn't resist lifting Tony's fingers to his lips, ignoring the fact that the nurse checking his vitals turned a vibrant shade of red.
The glance in his direction had set his nerves and temper on edge. How much did Steve know? Clint knew that Fury kept Rogers briefed on most goings-on, but wondered just how much of his own fuck-ups had been transmitted and in what detail. "I'm fine," he grated raggedly, looking more raw than he really should have. He was still rubbing at his wrists, grateful to have the cuffs off. "I'm not broken. Fury's just being his usual paranoid self." Realizing that Steve could've just been sympathizing based on Nat's predicament, Clint's expression softened faintly. "Nat's doing a bit better. I don't know if she's getting used to being in pain or if it's backing off some, though."
"How is Captain Rogers doing?" Simmons chimed in. She'd been devoting a bit of side time to looking over some of the blood samples taken from him in the hospital, and none of them looked very promising. Though the serum was there, she expected his own white blood cells would cannibalize the dormant traces of it soon enough. It was doing nothing for his body, certainly. "It's been rather a big week."
"Speaking of asses, why is Jarvis pestering me about a press conference, and why is the press up in my business more than usual?" Tony grumbled as he dragged into the kitchen. He actually looked half-presentable for before eleven in the morning.
"Something tells me that a place like this has one or two rooms that can withstand a nuclear blast. Let's see if I can break one." Scott pulled together a makeshift outfit and reminded himself that shopping was a high priority issue once they were done worrying about the Brotherhood or Loki killing them all. It took a few false starts searching on the computer, but it was fairly easy to find a decent map of the building minus a few grayed out areas that Scott decided he probably didn't even want to know about. Every organization had their secrets.
When Steve woke, the sun was shining in through the windows, and he felt warm and comfortable. He shifted and reached out to lay a hand on his pillow only to register that his pillow felt very, very strange. Blinking slowly to consciousness, Steve realized that his "pillow" happened to be Tony Stark's lap. He glanced up only to find Tony already awake and looking down at him. The soldier blushed at once and quickly sat up, scooting away. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to fall asleep on you like that..." Then again, Steve's mind finally registered, Tony didn't look mad. Amused, maybe, but not mad. "Sleep okay?"
"Okay," Scott answered. He knew it wasn't, but he understood precisely what Logan meant. What they were going through was a million miles from okay. "At least we're not okay together." He grabbed one of Logan's hands and kissed the palm of it. "I'm here, I'm real, and you're here and real and breathing. We've got a lot going for us on the grand scale considering what's going on with some of our friends. It's the only thing I really need right now." As much as he'd toyed with the idea of moving on and finding his own life apart from being a hero, Scott was coming to realize it was too deeply under his skin. It was what they did. He might not be ready for steady field duty yet, but Scott knew he couldn't walk away from it, especially with the Avengers in dire need of warm bodies.
Clint fell silent, looking at the floorboards and feeling like an ass. "Sorry," he said, glancing at Phil's hands, whiteknuckle on the steering wheel. Clint was bad at being comforting, he knew, but he still didn't like seeing Coulson upset. He pulled off his shades and fixed bright blue eyes on the other man. "I mean it. I can imagine that's pretty rough." He offered Phil a hopeful look. "Good-looking as you are, it won't be long before someone else comes along."
"I... no. A beer would be nice," Scott answered honestly. He didn't know how to be casual with Logan. When they'd spent time together in the past, he'd always focused himself too intently on everything about Logan that he didn't like. It was foreign playing nice with him, and Scott regretted the oversight. The truth was that Logan had been so understanding about everything that it was almost surreal, and unlike most people from Westchester would have been, Logan knew how to keep his distance when it was warranted. Finally he confessed, "I don't really have anywhere to go."
"Every kid's worst nightmare," Logan muttered in spite of having no memory of what had happened to his own parents. If he'd even known them. Considering his brother, Logan had the ugly feeling that whatever it was, it hadn't been a good memory he'd lost. He pulled Scott close, resting his chin on top of the man's head as if to wrap him up completely. It felt good to just hold Scott, breathe him in, and know that they were as safe as anyone in a tower full of freaks and and gods could be.
In which Steve and Tony take a few moments for themselves. Very few.
Tony's mouth was a thing of beauty. The guy could, of course, talk his way out of or into anything under the sun. It was electrifying to learn that Tony was just as talented with his lips when they were doing something productive. "Christ, Tony, that's..." He shuddered and held Tony by the hair, unable to let go of him. Steve resisted the urge to force the action. It would've been cruel when Tony was doing so perfectly without any intervention. "Just keep... just do that. Whatever you're doing, do that..." The man shifted and took Steve even deeper. The blond let out a hearty gasp. "That!"
"I've got eyes on it. If we see something like it, we'll know where they are." Scott sounded equally tense, but he obviously wasn't willing to let that keep him from doing what he could. "We're scanning for any matches - facial or otherwise."
In which Clint and Phil have a surprisingly relaxing day... for awhile. Then everything goes to hell.
Scott's voice was decidedly more shaken when it came back, "No. Nothing. We've lost visual contact."
"Black 'n' angry," Logan said, reaching for one just in time for Tony to snatch it first. Unwilling to admit to irritation, Logan took the last mug standing.
Clint felt cold fear wash over him at the question, and he leaned against Phil, taking one of the man's hands in his own to try and quell some of the shaking. "He..." The archer's voice roughened and broke, and he took several deep breaths, forcing himself to compartmentalize the event so that he could at least form words. "He raped us. First Phil. Then me." Another breath, and Clint was staring hard at a point on the floor that he wasn't really seeing. "Th... there was nothing I could do... I couldn't stop him..." Tears leaked from his eyes, but he didn't seem to register them.
Logan rolled his eyes but then focused more closely on Scott. He didn't know how much PDA the other man was willing to put up with, but he wasn't going to just walk off. He grabbed the man's sleeve and tugged him closer, looking into bright blue eyes. "I'll be back," he reassured. Deciding he didn't give a damn about Tony giving him shit, he tangled his hand in the man's hair and gave him a quick, harsh kiss. "Just make sure you've got dinner ready, alright?" he deadpanned before following Clint, Nat, and Coulson out the door. He wasn't big on long goodbyes, and he wasn't big on having it in his head that he wouldn't come back from a mission.
"Oh, don't worry. I don't need you to remember something for me to find it. You'd be amazed how poorly organized memories are." Loki's gaze grew far-away for a moment, but he snapped back to the present quickly enough. "You'd be impressed how little I care about SHIELD. The Avengers, perhaps, but SHIELD? One tiny bureaucracy." He tilted his head and smiled coldly at Natasha. "As you said, I tend not to weep for regime changes. I believe your world is due for one. Now, Mister... is it Wolverine? Honestly?"
Clint gave that a moment's consideration. Then, he agreed, "Me neither." He slugged back the rest of his drink in one go, relishing the slow burn of whiskey down his throat. "Can it be replaced? It would be just like Hydra to attach something that won't come off." Clint saw himself as being realistic about the situation. He very much doubted Bucky Barnes could be saved, one way or another. "I wish I could be more optimistic," he added, setting his empty mug aside. "Right now all I can see is one hell of a liability."
"Bruce isn't always gonna be there to save you," Steve teased in return, kissing Tony slowly, softly, lingering there against him. Weariness from the day was starting to set in despite his nap, and Steve drew back and turned the water off before grabbing fluffy towels for the both of them. "C'mon, dry off and let's get in bed." It felt like heaven when they finally climbed into bed, curling up against each other. "This... this is exactly what I've been missing. God, so much." Steve lazily kissed Tony's shoulder and his neck.
Steve couldn't really help it - he all but screamed Tony's name. That one stroke combined with Tony's hand on his cock almost finished him that fast, and Steve only barely hung back from the edge of release. Already he was dripping, precum smearing against the leather as Tony drove into him. "I can't... that's... it's like that because I can't get enough," Steve admitted without hesitation. "Never enough." He was pretty sure they could spend a week doing nothing but having sex and taking breaks to hydrate enough to keep going and he still wouldn't have had enough. He was pretty sure he'd still be begging Tony to fuck him harder or spreading the man open so he could return the favor. "Never gonna be enough."
Clint grabbed his bag from the car and slid out of the seat, not bothering to zip his vest back up. "Oh, I will," he said, a little disappointed he hadn't wrenched more of a reaction from Coulson. He walked casually back to his room without a glance back. Stepping through the door, he tossed the bag to one side, looking around. Someone was there. "Darien?"
Coulson agreed with the assessment. Something was off about Logan, and if the look on Scott's face was any indication, he knew it whether he wanted to or not. The thought made him frown, but he found himself smiling again when he looked over at the couch. Clint had never hesitated to use his office as a waystation. It happened organically over time. At some point, Coulson's office had simply become Clint's second bedroom. Apparently the theory applied to his suite as well. Not that he minded. Coulson actually felt a jolt at how little he minded and snapped his gaze back to the screens. The intimacy of the moment being shared onscreen wasn't lost on him, and he sighed softly. It was never good to feel something going off the rails when the collateral damage was spread out right in front of him before it even happened.
The reversal was almost startling, Clint's suddenly taking care of him. Coulson hadn't expected it, hadn't really even expected Clint to notice that he'd gotten a little banged up. It was usual. He was used to plucking glass out of Clint's hair and helping him butterfly together the odd gash as triage until they got to medical. The reverse was odd, but not unpleasant. Against his will, he felt the tension seeping from his body at the touch of Clint's hand against his skin. "Thank you. I'm pretty sure I'll survive."
"I really don't-"
"Sure. I'll dip 'em in your Scotch collection," Logan assured. He tossed his dirty clothes in one corner of the room, pleased to note a small kit of toiletries sitting on the corner of the sink in the small bathroom as he took a second to make sure he didn't look like a complete wreck from the flight. Stepping back out, he nodded to Tony and Steve. "Alright, let's go see what Phil has to say." //It's gonna be hard takin' him seriously with a name like 'Phil'.//
The simple statement seemed to go straight to the most animal parts of Logan's brain, and he half-moaned, half-growled his approval as his hips gave another sharp thrust forward. "You are," he rumbled, biting roughly at his lover's collarbone, "all mine." Logan was accustomed to having to treat his partners with kid gloves, having to hold back to keep from hurting them. Scott seemed to relish him letting his true nature off the leash. He pressed his lips to the second bite mark a moment later, his thrusts still slow but slamming home hard. "Fuck, you're beautiful."
Phil opened his mouth to protest, but a harsh look from the woman changed his mind. "Thank you," he replied instead.
Tony smirked as the lube was pushed into his hand. "Definitely," he agreed, but he took a moment to mark Steve a third time before he palmed some of the lube. Instead of going for more obvious targets, though, he first trailed slick fingers across Steve's chest, taking the time to gently - and then not-too-gently - pinch and tweak Steve's nipples. The blonde was obviously enjoying a little edge in his pleasure, and Tony was more than happy to provide it. He nipped at his lover's jaw as his hand trailed lower, slick fingers closing firmly around Steve's cock. Tony intended to keep his promise, but he planned to take his time on getting to it.
"No killing people this close to the tower. I'm going to be telling Fury I'm not ready for active duty in the next couple of days on top of him maybe losing his team leader. I don't want to get in trouble because you skewered any idiots." Scott was willing to allow that some idiots absolutely deserved to be skewered, he just wasn't willing to take the fall for their stupidity. "That said, it might be nice stress relief leaving somebody with a reminder to not bother others if anyone is rude. Something subtle like a fractured jaw."
"Wouldn't've thought you'd be back for round two so fast. Miss me?" Creed growled, though his leer wavered a little as a broad smile slid over the archer's face.
"Maybe once you get killed by a god once, you're immune from being afraid for you own life." The truth was, Coulson definitely worried a lot more about the people around him than he did himself. The primary reason he regretted his confrontation with Loki was simply that he'd had so little impact on the overall situation. He hadn't saved anyone, he'd only been a poor distraction. "In this case, I trusted them not to kill us. Not necessarily to help us, but not to kill us." He paused. "And I am most definitely not your dad." Despite being old enough to be at least Natasha's father, the last thing Phil needed rattling around his mind was that particular concern paired with his earlier appreciation of Clint changing clothes right next to him. "I'm just someone who wants you to not let your mouth get you killed."
"Good," Logan said with a nod. "Can't say I wouldn't prefer bein' able to just stab that little bastard in the eye, but this'll make me feel better, one way or the other."
Logan followed Scott's blast with one of his own, staggering as the weapon drained him further still. "Son of a bitch," he grated, struggling to keep his feet under himself. Loki, though obviously worse for wear, was still standing. "Stark... I don't... think this is working."
Clint eliminated four of the six remaining mobsters at range before they managed to figure out where he was. Bow in one hand and combat knife in the other, the nimble agent made short work of the first as Clint tried to get to Darien since the last mobster standing had clearly decided to eliminate his prisoner. The marksman leapt into the building through the window, gaining just enough reach with his bow to clip the thug on the chin with it. He dropped the ranged weapon and lunged forward with the short knife, knocking the bulky mobster down and quickly and efficiently jamming the blade into the man's throat and coating his hands and chest with a considerable spray of blood.
Clint tensed and, for a split second, moved as if to grab the bow that wasn't on his back. He let out a breath at the sight of Natasha, straightening as he tilted his head. "Nat," he said tensely. He felt the slightest twinge of unease and did his best to hide it. Anyone that knew him as well as Nat did would have been hard put to miss the flash of emotion. His 'relationship' with her wasn't anything like serious, much as he'd have liked it to be, but he couldn't help but feel faintly guilty every time she caught him with someone else. He could see the amusement on her face and did a valiant job of collecting himself. "Not any later than usual. Hoping for a 'nightcap'?"
"Hey, Shred-head," Tony sneered, aiming his glowing palm at Creed. The black-clad man paused for a second, and Tony got a good look at the claws that had nearly ended up in his spleen. He did his best to look like he didn't feel like the aforementioned organ was about to fall out, but his posture was slightly hunched forward and pained, nonetheless. "Look like you could stand to be declawed, kitten." A flash in the distance and scuffle of comms chatter that followed as Coulson reported what had happened distracted Tony long enough for Creed to launch himself at Tony. Iron Man got his wits about him quickly enough to catch Creed's shirt and leg throw the man over his head.
"F-fuck," was all Tony managed, clutching helplessly at Steve as the man's teeth and tongue drove him nearly insane. It felt perfect. It was just what he'd needed. Tony finally convinced his fingers to let go of their death grip on Steve's bicep, trailing his fingers up to the back of Steve's neck. He managed to raise one leg up, hooking it over Steve's hip and pressing their aching cocks together in the most perfect way. Tony gasped, his head falling back against the tiles. "God, yes. Need you, baby. Love you..."
In which Clint and Phil get to know each other better. A whole lot better.
The figure on the screen, backlit by gunfire and flames, wasn't easy to see, his face almost obscured aside from the glint of barely-controlled rage in his eyes. "Logan, a.k.a. 'the Wolverine', a.k.a. 'Weapon X'... and about a half dozen other aliases. What we don't have is a clear picture of him," Tony explained as the recording showed Logan springing back into action wielding deadly blades. "SHIELD's been keeping tabs on him. Apparently aside from being the world's only walking Cuisinart, he's also pretty hard to kill. Annnd..." A gesture, and another screen popped up Loki's all-too-familiar casefile. "Nick-o thinks Thor's kid brother'll drop in again soon, and that the veg-o-matic there might be handy to have around. Trouble is, the government headshrinkers think he might be... uh... difficult to recruit." Tony picked up his half-empty glass of Scotch, "He *might* actually have a bigger problem with authority than I do," and took a drink.
Steve gave the man a lingering kiss and then forced himself to draw back. "That's it. If I do more than that, you're not leaving." Being sore wasn't doing much to keep Steve from wanting to get thrown down and fucked on the kitchen table. He let his fingers slide through Tony's damp hair briefly. "I love you. Whatever happens and however this all turns out, I love you."
"Let's put that on the 'not to do' list as a general rule if you don't mind," Steve answered. He glanced back to the bar and saw Logan nursing a fresh beer. It wasn't like they had to worry about the man getting drunk, but he still looked pretty disgruntled. Deciding he needed to stop focusing on the negative and start focusing on the positive, Steve offered his dance partner a warm smile. "You're good at this. Sorry I'm not. This is definitely a different style for me." For a moment Steve had to tamp down the impulse to wipe the smirk off of Tony's face with a kiss. That he could definitely do, but Steve forced himself to think of why that might not be the best idea.
Phil's eyes closed at the words. He knew exactly what Clint was thinking. He'd thought about it himself. Stupid as it was considering Clint's capabilities and the fact that someone just as competent would have replaced him, the thought of Clint and Natasha going out in the field and never being there to back them up still woke him up at night. He supposed he just wanted to feel needed and useful, but it was also the idea that anything could happen. Anything could happen to Clint, specifically, and he needed... he just needed to be there. Quietly, Phil confessed, "When we get home, it might be awhile before I can be more than a few feet away from you and feel comfortable."
Logan actually flinched slightly when Loki reappeared. His annoyance at being startled disappeared fairly quickly though when his eyes took in Scott's glasses. He picked them up slowly, jaw clenching as he caught the faintest scent of the other man on them. Loki's words sank in a moment later, and he looked up with an eyebrow raised. "So... you're just sendin' us back?"
Steve blinked, momentarily lost as to just how the director could have found out about the evening so quickly. "Sir? I'm not sure what-"
The woman smiled faintly. "The street out front."
That immediately got Clint's attention. "Closed door?" he echoed, not daring to hope. It had to be a big deal if Fury wasn't letting anyone else in on it. Especially Stark and his thirty pound brain. "Did they figure out what Loki's after?" He knew better than to think it was about Natasha. Fury didn't exactly regard people as expendable, but Clint also knew that whatever world-ending plot Loki had up his sleeve would be more likely to warrant Fury pulling only Rogers into a meeting.
Logan shook his head. "Nothin' I recognize... Some high-pitched hum... Kinda irritating." It was giving him a headache as they drew closer. "Don't smell anything, though."
Tony opened his mouth to argue, then shut it again. //Oh, right. Amnesia.// "Anyway, you don't seem like the sort of guy to just sit around doing nothing."
Fury's gaze swept the room as he settled back into his chair. He hesitated for a long moment before he finally brought up a file on the 3D projector and overrode the code. "I think I can finally tell you what's going on."
Victor momentarily wondered what exactly it was that Loki knew that made him an authority on what Nat was missing, but decided it was best not to ask. Instead, he gave the god a mock pout. "I could play nice." He gave Romanov a grin that made a good show of his canines. "Just a... few bruises."
Natasha did everything that she could to match Logan's pace. Her fingers thrust hard and fast along with Logan's punishing pace, and soon she was moaning aloud, her head tossing against the pillow. Part of it was show, of course, but part of it was the fact that she found herself already close to exploding again.
"I thought you might want to have a bit of time to dress and eat something. I have scheduled evaluations for you each in an hour."
"I could go for that." Scott caught a flash of uncertainty on Logan’s face and assured, "I'll keep my hands to myself." As much as he wanted to pretend that he was on a completely even keel, Scott knew better. He knew that he'd sleep a hell of a lot more comfortably if he wasn't alone staring at the dark. No amount of alcohol could completely chase away the ghosts he was running from.
Tony felt his blood run cold even as his pulse spiked. This was it. He looked over to Steve. "Babe..."
"Yeah," Clint nodded, rubbing at the back of his head and raking a hand through already disheveled hair. "Yeah, I'd say you've got a good sized blind spot for me," he agreed, thinking back to what he'd done to Scott. He was pretty sure Coulson would have thrown anybody else in the brig, probably with Logan. "Good thing, too, or I think Fury would've already had me put to sleep," he said with a faint smile. "Appreciate it. You sticking your neck out for us. You're... you're pretty much the only friend I have. You and Nat."
Steve shot his lover a look that warned him he was skating on thin ice. "Nobody's pretending it was a great plan, Director. There just didn't happen to be any better plans. Not one. Unless Thor was on his way down to set everything straight?" The comment earned him an icy glare. "Yeah, it was the only plan."
"No. Thank you, Agent Ward. We'll be fine." Phil frankly felt dead on his feet and he hadn't even gotten on his feet yet, but he wasn't interested in company. He suspected that as word filtered through the team that they were back, they'd have plenty of that. He winced at the thought of a debriefing after the exam but doubted he could shake Fury long enough to avoid it. Maybe he could at least get Clint out of it so the archer could get a little rest.
One corner of Clint's mouth twitched upward in a weak impression of a smile. He appreciated the sentiment, even though his insides were all nerves and anxiety. "I swear, I'm gonna kill him this time. I don't know what it takes to kill one of those bastards, but I'm gonna find out," he growled, frustrated beyond words. It was bad enough, what Loki had done to him. What Loki had done to Phil and Nat was just too damn much.
"Bruce, buddy..."
Tony tilted his head. "I don't really do things on a specific plan. Well, not more than a few months out. Five year plans? Not my thing. Life plans even less so," Tony replied. He shrugged. "I've changed courses a few times. Went from being a playboy weapons dealer to a playboy superhero. I discovered a clean energy source." He hadn't missed the shift in Loki's skin tone, and he wondered what that meant for the god. Or for him. Tony had halfway figured on the blue going away, not getting worse. "I have someone I love." It felt weird to word it in the present tense, but Tony sure as hell couldn't bring himself to speak in the past tense. He swallowed hard, doing his best not to show the pain that thought caused him. "I feel like I'm doing pretty well," he said, dark eyes meeting icy blue defiantly in spite of the slight roughness in his voice.
Logan laughed quietly to himself as they moved out, settling into step beside Natasha. "You know, I think blondie back there has a crush on you," he said with a wink. "Not that I can blame him."
Thor nodded his agreement. "That would be well, Lady Widow," he said, settling tiredly back into his throne as the guards warily returned to their posts. "I am afraid that, owing to my brother, I have not been myself."
"I'm just hoping we can hit Thor hard enough to get through his head," Bruce muttered. Thor was a great guy on all accounts, but he didn't rank in Bruce's book as one of the smartest. The scientist wondered offhandedly if he and Logan would get along. They seemed a little like soulmates, from what he'd seen of the mutant.
“No, I agree. It’s the best idea. I’d just like to be where he is. At least for awhile.”
"Too much," Coulson answered. He felt and sounded as tired as he did upset. "He started it. It doesn't matter. When you're on the clock, I expect you to think with the head on your shoulders." For a moment he looked down at his clasped hands. "I wouldn't have expected you to put yourself before a member of the team that way." Looking up again, he met Clint's gaze. "If the tables were turned and Logan did that to Natasha, how would you feel?"
As if on cue Natasha threw the door open. "We traced the signal. Saddle up, boys."
"I think it's a good idea. The agents watching them didn't really talk to either of them before, so they won't notice the changes," Coulson said.
"We're trusting you to judge who's crazy now?" Scott sounded skeptical, but he nodded his acceptance of the additional beer. "So I didn't freak you out? The, y'know, bisexual thing?" He felt a weight lift off of his chest at the news. "Christ, good. I don't have enough friends to scare them all away. All of you away. Just you at the moment." Scott was definitely feeling the alcohol, and he nearly giggled. "So you want to be my wingman? Make sure that, like, the guys aren't too ugly for me or that they're not gonna cop a feel before I'm drunk enough to follow through?"
Coulson could feel a strange, humming energy singing through his arm. He knew without trying that if he wanted to, he could have swung the hammer and taken out the closest wall. Instead he dropped it onto the pedestal like it was burning his hand and took a step back. "I think Howard Stark was right for once," he informed Clint grimly before taking another step away from the thing. "No one touches it if they can help it," he informed the closest researcher, a sprightly girl who didn't look half old enough to be in such a sensitive position.
Clint nodded, looking up at Coulson with a weak smile. "I really need a beer right now," he grumbled, standing and sighing. It was way too early in the morning, though, to be drinking, and Fury had explicitly told them to stay sober, to boot. //Damn me and my compulsion to do what I'm told.// He had to give it to Stark: the guy was good at not giving a shit when it came to things like that. Being a man of action, it was tough as hell for Clint to deal with being told he had to wait and see. "So, what do you do at times like this? Because my idea was already shot down."
"Well, I could brag, but I'd rather just show you," Scott answered. He didn't want to skip any of the steps of foreplay, but the idea of watching Natasha fall apart while he buried his tongue between her legs was definitely a sexy one.
"Then passage you shall have, my lady." The gate keeper's expression never changed, but Sif would have sworn she could see a hint of a smile in his eyes as he opened the bridge to take her to Midgard and, hopefully, to the Avengers.
Steve held the pad up and quickly scrawled out, "You should be resting," tapping the pen against it to get Tony's attention. Maybe he was going to be stuck in bed himself for awhile, but that didn't mean he couldn't worry about Tony too. Seeing the look of skepticism on the man's face, he continued, "I'll be fine. Just need some rest. See you after you get some too." He couldn't help adding in smaller text at the bottom, "Love you."
Bruce raised an eyebrow, surprised to see the god looking so forlorn. Even when he'd been crumpled on the floor of Stark tower, Loki hadn't looked so hurt and miserable. "You're, uh... you're fine," he assured, wondering if the fact that he felt sorry for Loki was normal. He was suddenly feeling guilty for wanting to scare the Asgardian.
"Um, some," Simmons agreed, still blushing from the kiss. There was something about the idea of Captain America and Iron Man dating that was adorable and uncomfortable all rolled up into one. "We've made... tentative advances. We're hoping to ask Logan down to help us look some things over this afternoon."
"That's so cool!" she enthused only to realize she'd stopped scanning after getting a dirty look from Logan. The girl hurried through the rest of the items and kept tittering and smiling at every small, polite comment for the rest of the transaction.
Steve recovered somewhat, mostly because he was starving. He ate in silence until he felt like he was less beet red and then ventured quietly to Tony, "Y'know we will be talking about this later, right?" He smiled in spite of the words, hopeful that he could talk Tony down from the ledge of even considering using the weapon. "Meanwhile, though," Steve continued more loudly, "it's nice to see you guys are getting along so well."
"Yes, ma'am," Steve agreed, pleased to be peeling the layers off even if it took him at least five times the amount of time and effort it usually took Tony. He was sweaty and tired but thrilled to be free of the casing. It was odd to see changes in his own body over so short a period of time and not slightly off-putting. "Make sure Tony's okay first." Watching Tony move and walk and talk was a hell of a gift, one he hadn't thought he'd be lucky enough to receive. His gaze only left the man when it had to.
Relieved, Scott nodded. "Okay. Got it." He laughed and shook his head. "It's stupid. I mean, I don't feel weird doing the things, then after... I guess it's talking about it." As much as he hated to bring up his ex given the role she'd played in their initial friction, Scott felt the need to explain, "With Jean it was always pretty straightforward. Not vanilla, but not much past that. Realizing that I like so many things that would've been totally off menu before is taking some adjusting."
Just looking at the thing sent a shudder through Scott, but he forced himself to nod, the motion jerky. He knew if he didn't let Clint do it and do it quickly, he wasn't going to let the man do it at all. He closed his eyes and took an uneasy breath. "Go ahead." That Fury had already made preparations to put him into custody should it be needed wasn't exactly surprising. //It's practical,// Scott reminded himself. The blindfold weighed heavily against his face after the freedom he'd been enjoying, and Scott tried not to panic as the door to the cell closed behind Clint.
"Stark," Clint managed in a voice that made it clear he was exercising every last ounce of patience he had and that Tony was probably lucky he was wearing handcuffs, "we're just here to see if you two are making any progress." He could see the hammer behind a few layers of blast-proof glass, and he was fairly sure he could feel his hands itching.
"About Logan."
"Barton, you're obviously not thinking. And if you can't keep it together for all of this, I'm putting you on the bench until we get Loki sorted. Is that understood?"
"You're so hot... fuck, so hot... Tony..." Steve knew it wouldn't last long. In fact, he knew it would last no time at all. Tony looked too good, and the heat of his mouth was too overwhelming. He’d been hard already from getting Tony off, and the edge was closer than he would have liked. "Just keep doing that," he murmured, eyes falling closed as he tried not to think and not to move.
Sometimes when they met, both of them so often leaving for other ventures soon after, Nat couldn't bring herself to draw things out. She demanded more the second they came together. She enjoyed the harsh, quick times with Clint fucking her against the nearest wall or over the closest table. Times like this were nice too, times when they had enough leeway to enjoy it. "I'm going to cum at least once before you get to fuck me," Nat said, her attention back to Clint. "Keep that up and you'll get what you want in no time. We both know I can wait as long as it takes, but I'd really rather not wait."
"You like making me jealous, don't you?" he growled, pressing Darien back against the counter and grinding their hips together. "You keep pushing your luck and I might pretend I forgot just how much mileage I put on your ass and fuck you some more. Right here over the counter." Clint's hands slid under Darien's shirt, roaming possessively over his torso as the archer leaned in for another harsh kiss. "Or maybe I'll just take you back to my room, tie you up, let you think about what you said."
Clint's forehead creased. "You're handling it really well. I think I'd be in a corner crying like a bitch," he admitted with a smirk. He glanced at Coulson. "And where do you get off saying you *might* save me from her scary mind powers? I'm not sure I deserve that." Shifting his focus back to Nat, he grinned faintly. "You'll be pleased to know, though, that in spite of all the drama, I did manage to give Loki a solid thump in the ribs with the hammer. Pissed him off, too. He threw one hell of a temper tantrum about it." His voice hitched a little at the end of his sentence as he remembered the counter attack but quickly snapped himself back to the moment. Nat was there, Phil was there. He had his friends, and all things considered, they were doing pretty well.
Steve swallowed and nodded. “Sure. Just worried about Tony.”
"Me too," Scott agreed. He shifted and grabbed Logan by the front of his shirt to drag the man into a kiss. It started out soft but grew a bit more intense than he'd meant for it to until Scott finally paused. "Sorry. But, yeah, if he hadn't done whatever the hell it was both of you did, I might not have gotten you back. Or me." He stretched and shifted. "Want to eat something? I could use food that isn't delivered by someone who seems to expect me to kill them any second. That's surprisingly off putting when it comes to meals."
"No, not exactly," Tony answered, eyeballing the glass he was handed and then sniffing the contents. "Well, one thing I can say... it contains alcohol." He dragged one of the Cubans out of his pocket and offered it to Logan. "Care to trade in that dollar turdstick you're chewing on?" When the offer was met with a silent glower, Tony lit the cigar for himself and continued. "Anyway, we sort of-loosely-represent SHIELD, and-"
"Pretty. Terrifying. Also, pretty terrifying," Bruce concluded. He shrugged. "It was really fascinating, honestly. I'd love to know the underlying components. It looked to be made of light, but it resonated like metal." He smiled faintly. "I may or may not have waited for the others to cross first." Bruce didn't consider himself overly brave. "Heimdall was interesting, too. He apparently sees everything. Like, everything, everything. I'm sure Fury's jealous."
"Easy. Take it easy," Tony urged, taking a few more moments before he finally started working another finger in. Tony wanted to melt right then and there at the way Steve's body squeezed him so fucking perfectly. "J-just remember you won't heal... Fuck, you..." Tony took a deep breath, realizing he was shaking a little with the force of the arousal he was feeling. Watching Steve's lips part and his fair skin flush pink was enough to make Tony crazy.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony finally let Steve's hand draw him away, his tongue flicking over the drooling head of Steve's cock before he sat back. Recalling that Steve had seemed rather intrigued by the idea of feeling it later, Tony grabbed his lover's hips and roughly flipped him onto his stomach. His hand gently but firmly pressed into the middle of the blonde's slim lower back as Tony leaned forward, his cock in his free hand and pressing against Steve's entrance. “I’m going to make sure you can feel me for days.” For once he kept prep to a minimum, two fingers doing a quick job of scissoring Steve open and slicking his hole with lube. He pressed forward, moving slowly. Being a little rougher was one thing; hurting either one of them too much was another matter entirely.
Natasha cut him off with a sharp nod. “He’s awake. Just don’t expect too much.”
The shifting of the bed woke Steve almost immediately - at least to a groggy, half conscious state - and he rolled over at once, long, slender limbs tangling around Tony to hold him tightly. He was too close to sleep to start the conversations they needed to have, but he needed the closeness just the same. "Not g'nna lose you," Steve murmured against Tony's neck as he clung to the man like a lifeline. It felt warm and safe being near him. "Love you."
"Fuck," Clint hissed, watching his cock disappear down Scott's throat. His hand tightened in Scott's hair, controlling the man's movements, his pace. The archer used Scott's throat for several minutes before finally drawing away, trailing a string of precum over the man's full lower lip. "Leave it," he ordered when Scott looked like he might lick it away. Clint grabbed Scott's chin, watching his blue eyes for several moments before leaning down to kiss away the mess, his tongue thrusting savagely into Scott's mouth in mimicry of what Clint planned to do to the man's body. "Unzip your pants and push them down to your knees," he growled, moving to stand behind Scott.
"We cross the bridge and join with my companions. They are equally frustrated with the current situation. Fandral is supposed to alert some of the guards we believe are sympathetic. That should be more than enough. We storm Lady Frigga's chambers first. Once she is safe, we will be free to face Thor as needed."
Clint growled around a mouthful of eggs at the idea. More at the idea of seeing the doc than seeing Nat, but the concept of "other people" sounded generally terrible at the moment. He wanted to stay in the cocoon that was Phil's suite until somewhere around that time next year. He tried not to think about it as he guzzled a bit more coffee, realizing belatedly that his therapy session was probably going to be interrupted by a bathroom break. Fuck it. Putting the cup down, he let his head fall on Phil's shoulder and whined. "I don't wanna."
Logan didn't like the idea of rushing the whole process, but Scott was right. //Or maybe you just don't like the idea o' him gettin' done so soon and leavin'.// "Alright. Guess that'd be easier, anyway." //For both of us.// Logan wasn't entirely sure he'd be able to keep from walking off and finding every last dirtbag he'd already encountered and killing them horribly if he had to hear all the details.
"Don't tell me you accidentally discovered porn?" Tony was only half-joking. After all, even typing in the most innocent words into a search engine could produce the most lascivious of images. "It can be a little tricky at first, but I have no doubt you'll get the hang of it." He finished his breakfast and drained the last drop from his coffee cup. "A shower's in order," Tony decided, straightening and getting up on his feet. "How about you?"
The feral mutant drew away from Steve, groaning a small protest as his cock slipped from the man's body. He flipped Steve onto his stomach and then urged him onto his hands and knees. His gaze moved back to Tony. "Now.." he said with a tilt of his head.
"Oddly enough, polite I can do. My manners are impeccable. I just have a tendency to enjoy..." Loki searched for the proper way to say it. "I enjoy stirring things up. When the surface of the water is too calm, I find it frustrating. I want to see what's underneath, so I throw a stone in." He inclined his head. "You're not so different, you've just been more judicious. Smaller scale chaos. I think I can learn to enjoy that. I hope that I can. Thankfully for you, I'm also rather terrible at transparency, so you've no need to worry over your secrets." Loki smiled and leaned in a bit closer. "Would you like to hear one of mine in return? An insurance policy of sorts?"
Tony just missed catching the blonde as he ducked away. Once Steve had set the plates out, Tony hooked an arm around his waist, pulled him close and growled, "I think you owe me a kiss Rogers," though he was grinning as he leaned in for a quick but overly intimate kiss. Straightening, he grinned. "Thanks for the pizza."
"Which is impossible. In the visible spectrum," Tony added to make sure Steve understood. "But it's a hell of a lot better than anything else we've tried. I figure Bruce can batter him into submission and then Logan can shuffle him off his immortal coil."
"But of course! I shall contact her this eve."
"Body hair and a tendency to scratch yourself in public?" Tony asked, finishing off his Scotch in one gulp and ordering another.
Note that there is no character death tag on this baby. No one is dead, just presumed dead. Things ARE gonna suck for awhile, but no one is dead.
Bruce rolled his eyes. "Tony, they can hear you."
Phil swallowed hard at the words and at Clint's tone. Not jumping into bed too soon with Clint was going to take a reserve of inner strength that dwarfed having to keep silent during particularly insipid staff meetings. "Meanwhile we just have to keep ourselves cooled down enough not to get arrested for indecent exposure." His gaze flicked briefly to the couple groping rather thoroughly at another of the trees. "Unfortunately unlike them, we have security clearances to worry about, and arrest records complicate that." He hated worrying about it in that moment because he really wanted to pull Clint onto his lap and keep kissing him until they were too dizzy to do it anymore.
Darien swallowed hard and nodded. He'd never encountered anyone like the pair of them. They both had the ability to own a room just by entering it. He wasn't sure if he liked or hated it. Instead of trying to figure it out, he took the chair Nat had vacated and rubbed suddenly-sweaty palms on his jeans.
Coulson took a slow breath. "I carry it. And when we get there, you make sure I put it down." He gave May a quick nod of confirmation that it was alright for her to go, and she slipped away without a word. As much as he didn't want to touch it, he wanted Clint to touch it even less. Carefully Coulson wrapped his hand around the handle and was surprised that it lifted easily. "That's not at all ominous," he murmured, heartbeat already picking up as he tried not to think of the million ways it could go wrong. "Let's walk fast, okay?"
Steve stopped just long enough for Tony to get a grip. As badly as he wanted to push the man to the his limits, Steve didn't want him hurt more. He met Tony's dark eyes and began to bob his head in slow, steady rhythm designed to tease but not fulfill all of his needs. He wanted to take Tony's mind off his injuries for as long as they both managed to last.
Logan froze, pressing into the kiss with passion to match Steve's. He wanted to simply pin the man down and wildly fuck him until they both lost their minds, but a sliver of rationality kept him in control enough to instead savor the intensity of the way Steve's passage clenched around him. He drew Steve's tongue into his mouth, sucking on it for a moment before thrusting his own tongue in to taste the other man more fully. "Need you," he growled as he broke away from the kiss, the words almost lost in the animalistic rumble of his voice. He began slowly pressed in deeper as if testing to see if Steve was ready for it.
Logan looked skeptical, but nodded slowly. "So, then, what's with the accessory?" When he didn't immediately get an answer, the feral mutant gestured to the door. "Your pet archer. Is he here to help with the coursework, too? Or just stickin' around to find evidence o' me havin' the same kinda crazy he did?"
"Honestly, it's a shame," the girl broke in only to have the thread picked up by a curly-haired young man who had been muttering over a console in the back of the room.
Tony sighed a little then looked back to Steve. "Yeah... yeah, we can talk about it," he agreed, though every fiber of his being was screaming for him to avoid the topic however he could. //Being a grown-up sucks,// he decided, stuffing another bite of sandwich in his mouth. Years of fixating on projects had taught him to ram his food down as fast as humanly possible, and even when he had time it was hard to remember to eat like a normal person. "Meantime, you are gonna sit in my lap until I'm done for the day, right?"
"I like saying it." Scott smiled as they teased one another. He wasn't hard as a rock and ready to go the way it usually was after a few seconds with them. The burn was slower, and he enjoyed the slow curl of arousal unfolding inside him. "I like the way you look first thing in the morning," Scott kissed his lover's neck, "and the fact that you don't drink wine," another kiss, this time to Logan's collarbone, "and the way you taste."
The implications of what Logan was saying filtered in to even Scott's increasingly bleary mind. "Wait... around here? You... wait, you... since you got here?" he hissed in what was meant to be a whisper but didn't quite drop low enough to manage it.
Logan gasped in surprise and then moaned a second later as Scott's nails dug into him. It was a pleasant surprise to find that Scott wasn't afraid to push things a little, and the light tingle of pain just made the pleasure that much sweeter. That combined with his lover's dirty talk and the way Scott moved against him were perfect aphrodisiacs. Logan nipped at Scott's throat and kissed the bruises still lingering there from the night before. All too soon, the sensations overwhelmed the feral mutant, and Logan came hard, exploding inside Scott and crushing him against the wall as he roared his pleasure.
Steve frowned at the collection as he paged through each one in turn. "Who I'm seeing is-"
"Mrrnngnfff." Tony leaned into Steve and clung to the man, mumbling something that might have been interpreted as 'five more minutes,' though it was really anyone's guess. When Steve didn't seem willing to accept that as an answer, Tony finally allowed himself a smile and nuzzled his lover back. "I'll have a shot of whiskey in my coffee. And my oatmeal. And anything else you can sneak it into. Maybe the toast," he added with a yawn.
Clint didn't hesitate. "A sleeve. Something kind of traditional, with something for the guys I couldn't bring back," he said, looking thoughtfully out across the crowds. It was the one thing he truly struggled to deal with. Everything they did was classified, and when they lost an agent, that agent practically disappeared. Their family - if there was one - got a vague letter of condolences extorting their great contributions without ever explaining what those contributions were, and that was it. No plaque, no statue, no memorial. No one else to know or remember. Maybe a memorial on his arm wouldn't be much, but it would've been more than nothing. Clint's blue eyes drifted back to Coulson. "What about you?"
Loki didn't bother to reply. He simply shifted to hover for a moment above Stark, their eyes locked before he began to lower himself. At first he let Stark feel only the possibility but then put more weight behind the movement and sank slowly down. The muscles of his thighs strained as he kept the motion as slow as possible. His own body rebelled against the pace, begging for more, wanting to take it all. Finally Loki relented for the sake of his own sanity - or whatever was left of it - and let his hips come to rest against Tony's with a sharp gasp. Loki's nails raked across Stark's chest and his muscles clenched around the mortal's cock as he found himself finally filled.
Logan rumbled his agreement. "Yeah, I think I'd rather roll around with ya naked," he said, then winked. "Though the hate-sex could've been great." It was strange to think he'd hated Scott so much, even knowing that Scott had stood between him and having a chance at Jean. It was a strange comfort to have the man pressed against him now, though. Scott reminded him of all the good things he'd had at the school without reminding him of the painful memories that had driven him away.
Clint raised an eyebrow at the other man. "Considering I got body-jacked and you got killed, I'd have to say that getting a root canal is more fun than saving the world, so I'm not sure if that was a compliment," he teased, then wiggled his shoulders as if trying to burrow a little deeper into Phil's chest. "But I'll admit that there's not a lot that could make me move right now. Except maybe the opportunity to finally knock off a certain irritating out-of-towner," he said, careful to redact his real meaning. Not wanting the conversation to turn too serious, Clint tilted his head at Phil. "So, what kind of greasy festival food are we having? I'm pretty sure I'd be down for a funnel cake unless you had something more unhealthy in mind."
"Too bad. We're not feeling quite so generous," Steve answered, tone gone flat to keep from shouting. "This is a long way past a peaceful resolution."
Natasha nodded. "Not too much. I don't feel crazy, but I wouldn't expect to. If Loki can learn anything through me... I don't want him to. Let's not give him more advantages than he has already."
"And I'm going to start wearing something in the shower," Jemma returned only to turn beat red and duck her head. "Uh, not that I want you to think- I... well, moving on." She was still pink but obviously determined not to think too much about it. "I don't blame you letting the others take the lead. It sounds as if it would be a bit intimidating. Especially with not knowing who your friends are when you arrive." It was a comfort to know that Thor was on their side again. The man could well be the difference between victory and defeat against Loki. As if on cue, Bruce's phone chimed softly. "I won't be offended if you check that. What we do doesn't always allow for delays."
Bucky appreciated the sentiment, although in his heart of hearts he wished it was Steve and Steve alone taking care of him. It felt like crossing a line to insist the other man cancel his date and stay with him instead. It was definitely tempting, but Bucky resisted the urge. That wasn't like him, and he did not want to turn into that dark part of himself insisting he do terrible things. "I'm grateful for everything you've already done," Bucky said, brimming with genuine sincerity. "I think most people would've written me off as a lost cause."
Apparently aware enough to realize that everyone was safely out of the room, Hulk flung Loki to the far end, then roughly scooped Steve up and charged out with barely enough clearance for him to move through the hallway. As the group retreated, Banner managed to calm himself back into a normal person.
Clint paused, falling a little behind Coulson as the man moved towards the door. Back out in the open air and relative quiet, he tilted his head at his handler. He had a feeling of what the other man had been about to ask, and he couldn't help be feel surprised. //Is he...? Surely not.// Coulson was, what? Fifteen years older? The agent liked philharmonics and science fiction and wearing ties. Clint liked drinking beer and playing video games and shooting dangerous animals. The archer still wasn't sure why the hell Nat had pushed him toward his handler in the first place. //Still...// "If I wanted to what?" he pressed. Clint didn't play guessing games. It could get you killed in the field, and wasn't much more useful in real life.
Scott leaned into Logan's side. He liked the heat that always radiated off of the other man. His lips parted against Logan's in a silent plea for more. Things were crazy at the tower, and he knew they'd have a hell of a lot more problems to face come morning, but that didn't mean they didn't deserve the break. He kind of loved that the break involved Logan kissing him like it was the most important thing he'd do all night.
Tony moaned and buried his face in Steve's muscular shoulder as the man worked him. His cocky facade was nearly gone in response to the delicious pressure, and Tony wriggled against Steve's body in anticipation. When the blonde finally rasped the question in his ear, it took Tony a minute to respond. "Mmm... I... think I might wind up hitting my head if I stay on top... and that's not what I had in mind when I said 'fuck my brains out'," Tony decided, shifting to lay back on the seat. He spread his knees apart and grinned at Steve, taking himself in hand and stroking slowly as he waited for his partner to move. "Don't keep me waiting. I'm a busy guy, ya know."
Steve stared. He couldn't stop. Until Tony raised an eyebrow and he realized that he was staring. Then he blushed, swallowed, and gestured vaguely to the box he'd left by the door. "I, uh, was just wondering what room you'd like me to take." //Don't stare. Don't stare.// Sure that he had himself back together again, Steve tried to smile casually. "Didn't mean to interrupt your shower."
Clint pulled Phil's hand to his mouth to press a kiss to the back of it and smiled ruefully. "You know, once I got out of containment, they actually did try to put me with a couple other handlers. When they still thought you were..." It was his turn to remind himself not to crush Phil's hand. "Well, let's just say, I might've gotten myself labeled as Ward 2.0. Apparently, I was too hard-headed. Or maybe I just didn't wanna hear anyone's voice in my ear telling me what to do." The archer had never been a follower. It was the entire reason Nat was alive and working for SHIELD. It was the reason he'd gone through three handlers prior to getting assigned to Coulson and the reason SHIELD had been on the verge of having him 'put down.' But Phil had given the archer the stability he'd never had, someone to depend on. And that had made it a lot easier to deal with - and eventually oddly enjoy - being told what to do. At least when Phil was the one holding the reins.
She nodded and squeezed Clint's hand. "I wasn't there, but I understand." The words carried a sad, somber weight, and she let that sink in for a second. Phil knew her file backwards and forwards, but it wasn't something she threw around lightly. "I wish none of us did."
Tony more or less pounced on Fitz, giving the young man a massive hug and ruffling his hair. "I think I owe you and Simmons thanks a couple times over," he said as he let Fitz go. "Though I gotta say, these near-death experiences are getting old."
Clint hesitated for a moment, his hands awkwardly in the air, halfway between gripping the barstool and resting on Phil's waist. The gentility of the kiss, the quiet, reassuring contact was so unfamiliar, so quieting, that Clint barely knew how to react. Finally, slowly, his hands landed on their intended target, lightly tangling in his handler's shirt as Clint responded nervously, trying to show Phil the same tenderness. It wasn't something he was used to having or, more, to having receiprocated. After a few moments, he drew away, still feeling jittery from nervous adrenaline. He smiled nonetheless as he drew away, then laughed nervously, feeling his cheeks burn with a blush. "Sorry. I... sorry. Kinda... new territory," he admitted, rubbing the back of his neck as his eyes trailed back up to Phil's. "I'd go for the bedroom, though. Even the bed, if you think I can behave," he added with a faint grin.
Simmons gave him a withering glare, but she couldn't resist the opening all the same. "I actually did say something like that. Well, that we're working on that, in any case. The timeline is tight, of course, but we'll need to do more testing before we could consider someone without an inherent healing factor using even a finished version of-"
"Donna." She smiled. "And I'm just paying him back," she added with a nod to Phil. "Though I quit with the tai bo and went for a conceal and carry license."
Sif arched one dark brow. "What sort of a problem?"
Bruce nodded, started out the door, then paused. He fiddled with his glasses uncomfortably and smiled nervously as Simmons looked at him with curiosity. "Thanks for your help. And for getting me to help you." He smiled with a little more confidence a moment later. "And for not treating me like a powder keg." He glanced briefly at Fitz. He'd have preferred no audience, but the idea that he'd have any chance of that happening again anytime soon was one he wasn't willing to bet on. "Simmons... Jemma. We should have coffee sometime." He saw her start to protest, and held up a hand. "In a coffee shop. With no lab equipment." Already nervous enough, he smiled one more time and then ducked out the door.
She turned her head, glaring back at him until the expression did its job, and she sighed, rolling her eyes. "Oh, fine. You're adorable." Natasha arched an eyebrow at Phil. "He's your problem. You did this to yourself."
More than anything in that moment, Coulson wanted to reach over and take Clint's hand. He resisted the effort since as much as it would have been a way to soothe them both, it might also have carried connotations he wasn't ready to explore. "Thank you," he answered instead. "You're right, really. It's exactly what Fury says. It doesn't matter." His gaze narrowed briefly. "The more he says it, the less I believe it." Something was wrong. Something more than some surgery and a long vacation had gone on, but Phil couldn't for the life of him figure out what. "I guess I'll just feel better once I'm sure..." He trailed off, not sure what assurance he needed or wanted. "It doesn't matter."
"Done it before?"
Logan's breath hitched in answer, his hands tightening a little on Scott's ass as he rolled his hips upwards slightly. His gaze moved up to Scott's eyes, and that was all the assurance Logan needed. He wanted to make sure that Scott wasn't just trying to make everything seem normal. The desire Logan saw when he looked into his lover's eyes was enough to convince Logan they'd be okay. "After you put it that way, I think I might lose my marbles a little if ya don't, darlin'," Logan decided.
Reviewing Logan's file had taken almost more time than putting out fires with the media. Coulson rapped firmly on the man's door. At least he wasn't likely to be hungover. He wasn't sure how much that would help, but it wasn't likely to hurt. By all accounts Logan was just as adverse to authority as Tony. Coulson wondered how in the world Captain America ended up palling around with the two most difficult men in their keeping and decided to file away that concern for later.
For the moment Loki was rather glad that Stark could barely see. He drifted toward the bathroom, staring hard into the mirror. Even as he watched, Loki could see the haze of blue darkening and solidifying. His eyes remained their usual cool blue, but he felt a surge of panic that was all his own at the idea of the transformation being out of his hands. Perhaps the stupid gun had done more damage than he gave it credit for. Loki drew himself up to full height and stepped back into the room. "The weapon you used, Stark, it took energy from the hammer, did it not?"
"It would be a sin," Scott agreed with a warm smile. "Feels like the world's gotten turned upside down. I guess that's why it was easier to fall in with Logan. We don't really fit, but I... I know him. It was easier." Scott shrugged and glanced back up at Clint to measure his reaction. "If you take me to the infirmary, I'm going to end up in a cell, right?" He held up a hand before Clint could protest. "I'm going either way. Just level with me. It's probably what I'd do to keep my team safe."
"Thor, would you help me drop our friend off-"
As Simmons finally got a chance to look Steve over, Phil and Clint walked in, and Clint balked a moment at the mass gathering, looking at everyone suspiciously. "Alright, what's going on?" he wanted to know, his hand moving to the hammer.
"I will." Steve rose, taking the tray with him only to turn back at the door and add, "And I'm always bossy. I'm just polite about it." He grinned and closed the door behind him. JARVIS was on orders to keep an eye on Tony while he was gone and alert him the second the man tried to do something stupid like sit up again.
"Logan, we only get so many chances to regroup before Loki takes over the world and turns us into his personal ant farm. Much as I'd like to not be dead, I have to be as ready to put it on the line as the rest of you." He glanced at Bruce, "Rage-inspired invincibility and healing powers or not."
"I think we owe Loki the same," Logan growled, ignoring the sharp look he got from Thor. "Or at least a thorough one."
Before Phil could answer, the door swung open of its own accord, and a striking redhead stood before them. The woman smiled warmly. "Forgive me for being a bit overly polite, but I saw you on the security feed when I was walking by. Agents Coulson and Barton?"
"Done. It would make me a pretty bad boyfriend if I let you starve to death." Steve felt fairly confident in calling Tony that after the previous night and kissing in front of the whole team. "I'll also bring some coffee that isn't carbon dated." He looked down at his mug. "This is pretty awful, and that's from a guy who's lived on camp coffee in a war zone."
Though she looked no happier about the idea, Natasha held her position. Her bravery aside, it was easy to read the pain she was in by the careful way she held herself, the deep shadows under her eyes, and the uncharacteristic tremors in her hands. "Go."
Phil sighed and followed the man inside. In the space of a few seconds, he managed to get Clint free of at least his bow and boots, then pulled the blanket up more fully. "Sweet dreams." Absent a key, Phil settled for just closing the door on the way out.
"We could probably get you clearance to the file that Stark - "
Steve knew that once upon a time, he would've had no problem at all fitting into the backseat regardless of sharing it with someone else. It was worth it to be a little less comfortable to see the light of desire in Tony's eyes, and Steve groaned as he jerked Tony's hips in closer. It was good to know that they didn't need something special. The tryst with Logan had been good, but underneath it all, Steve couldn't help but be terrified that Tony was going to do what Tony always did. No matter how good things were, he found a way to tear them apart most of the time. He ran from everything: friends, relationships. If he'd had any family left, Steve suspected he would've run from that too. He knew the risks. Intellectually, Steve knew that Tony was more likely to find someone else or leave outright than to stick around, but he couldn't help hoping. He couldn't help wanting. Putting common sense firmly aside, Steve let his eyes fall closed and just enjoyed.
Clint sighed as he shed his uniform, realizing he hadn't actually been inside his room in over a day. He gulped a few painkillers and barely managed to get through cleaning up and dragging on boxer briefs and a white t-shirt before he slid into his bed. He didn't rest easily, though, haunted by the feeling of helplessness he'd had faced a second time with Loki, the idea he'd had no way to protect Coulson or himself, the bizarre sense of power and security he'd gotten from the hammer. He jerked awake, eyes darting around the room as his heart hammered in his chest so hard he was sure he could feel the bed rocking. Trembling hands rubbed at his face as he fought to breathe normally, and he slowly slid out of the bed.
"No, he isn't." Coulson stared down at the hammer. "It repulsed his staff, the energy he was using. The magic." Using the word as a part of reality still threw him for a loop even after everything. "If we figure out how, it might help Logan and Summers and Natasha. We might be able to use it."
Victor smirked, glad to know he wasn't the only one ready for the main event. Straightening, he drew away from Loki and grabbed one of the various bottles from the collection Loki had indicated. It had been a subtle hint, and Victor hadn't missed it. Not about to displease the god, he slicked himself up, then smeared a bit over Loki's cock. His fingers trailed lower, slicking his partner's balls and then his deliciously tight-looking pucker. Corking the bottle and tossing it aside, Victor moved closer to Loki once again, then grinned broadly as he grabbed the other man's slender hips, his claws digging into the flesh as he took a firm hold. "Think we'll do a different angle," he decided, using his hold to flip Loki onto his stomach. Victor allowed his throbbing shaft to rest between firm, lean buttocks as he bored down on Loki, pinning him to the mattress. "Much better."
Simmons grinned at him, pleased to see Fitz falling into the rhythm of the conversation. She didn't want her fondness for Bruce to push them apart. They'd been one another's rock for so long that any other way of being was difficult to even imagine. "Maybe we should organize something a bit social but low pressure? Then he could try his hand at being part of things with..." She trailed off, realizing suddenly that it was a bit presumptuous on her part to be including herself or Fitz in the idea. "Well, something for the Avengers, that is. Something for all of you to spend some time together."
"Fury probably won't care. The Council's gonna have their skivvies in a twist, though," Clint noted. "I'll just be glad when he'll let me have beer again." He sagged back in his seat, relaxing from the tension he hadn't noticed had crept up on him. It felt better to have made some sort of move in a useful direction. "So, what's the deal with those two back there? Xavier and Grey? What's their... mutant... thing?"
"Don't you have some furniture to shed on?"
Clint opened his mouth to answer, but the nurse interjected, "He's got a couple microfractures in his ribs, so considering the mission you guys weren't on because it's classified, he's in pretty great condition." The man shoved a few painkillers into the archer's hand and said, "Make sure you sleep when you get back to your room." The nurse unceremoniously butterflied a few of the cuts on Clint's face before stalking off to see to other people.
Even Steve couldn't entirely keep from smiling faintly at the words. He heaved a sigh and looked at Fury with a shake of his head. "We try it. I don't... I'm fairly certain I'm going to regret this on so many levels I can't even count that high, but we try it. I hate it, but I don't think I'd be able to live with the alternative."
Steve was up at once, rushing over to Tony's bedside and pressing a gentle hand against his chest again to force him back onto the bed. "Hey... no new rules. It's gonna be the same here as it was at the hospital - which means rest. Lots of it." He smiled, the expression genuine instead of pained this time. Tony looked better despite the discomfort he was obviously in. Without a word, Steve grabbed the water from the man's bedside along with a single pill. "You hungry? The nurse said it's better to take these on a full stomach. I can make you something."
As much as Steve didn’t want to push, Bruce had been very clear that if Bucky started to remember anything, they needed to do whatever they could to draw it forward. The more Bucky remembered, the better their chance at getting to Hydra. “What is it?” he asked before helping his friend back up onto the couch as carefully as possible. If Bucky remembered something, he might be able to find the people who were truly responsible for Tony being hurt and make sure they never had the chance to hurt anyone else again.
The sound of pain made Clint redouble his efforts, but all he got for it was bloodied wrists, and he finally subsided when he felt warm fluid trickling down his forearm. He didn't look. He knew better than to look. He already wanted to puke, and he knew he wouldn't be able to handle the memories of seeing what he knew was happening a few feet away. //I'm sorry, Phil...//
"But that would be very dangerous, of course." Seeing the blank look on Clint's face, she blushed. "Of course, we haven't met. Agent Barton, I'm Jemma Simmons, and this is Leo Fitz and-"
With relaxation in mind, Clint fished out a copy of Ghostbusters and threw it in the DVD player. Nat didn't have a huge TV; just the one SHIELD had issued with all the rooms. It was adequate, all she needed. Clint let the opening credits get by before pausing it. He rummaged through the kitchenette, having to dig deep before he found a box of microwave popcorn with one packet left in it. He was pretty sure it was the same box he'd brought by months ago for them to eat together during movies, most of which hadn't been actually watched. Clint sighed and threw the popcorn in the microwave. He'd done nothing most of the day, but he still felt exhausted.
Steve opened his mouth to answer, but a nurse held up a hand. "Not now. We need to get Mr. Stark in for an X-Ray. If you'll please wait for us here?" The woman's tone was polite but firm as she gestured to the waiting room.
“Steve Rogers.” Reaching out, Steve closed his hand around Tony’s and couldn’t help grinning right back. Messy as their first meeting had been, he wouldn’t really have scrubbed it for anything. Both of them had walked in with preconceptions about each other. Without the animosity, they might never have broken those assumptions down. “I’m glad I thawed out soon enough to get a chance to meet you.”
"Natasha first," Steve said, still pressed in close to Tony, still holding him.
“Let’s do that. Pizza or Chinese or… I don’t care. I care about the company, not the food.” Steve let his arm tighten for a moment around Tony’s waist as the credits rolled. He honestly hated for the night to end, but it was getting late. Things were going so well that he honestly felt like he was tempting fate. At any second, Steve was sure that somehow, some way it was all going to fall apart. He swallowed the thought down and smiled at Tony instead. “It’s not an exaggeration to say I’ll be counting the hours. Maybe we could meet up in the main kitchen for breakfast tomorrow?” He wondered if Tony would even be up for the possibility of seeing the rest of the team, but getting him out and about would make that feel normal again a lot more easily than hiding in the lab.
The thought hit Steve hard, but he was too happy actually talking to Bucky to let it drag the mood down. He grabbed a stool and pulled it over to Bucky’s bed. There was one thing he needed to get off his chest to have any chance of feeling better about it all. “I’m sorry I didn’t come after you. When you fell...”
Coulson actually had to bite his tongue to keep from snorting. He'd rarely seen Fury so angry about anything but council meetings. The man looked ready to kill someone. "Right now, the issue is that Loki's licking his wounds, but he'll be back. When he is, the team still needs to be functional."
Steve grabbed for the lube and coated his hand. He reached down and grabbed their cocks. It was a sloppy process, almost ridiculously so, but somehow more pleasant for it. Being with Tony was a messy business from start to finish. Steve smiled and stared for a second before kissing Tony soundly on the lips again. "Can't wait until we can do this without worrying about hurting you." He always worried a little. There was just a touch of fear, a hint that he might push too hard or too fast, but as long as he let Tony guide him, Steve knew they'd figure that out.
The doctor nodded more confidently. "We're going to make sure that he's stable and then... and then we'll see about getting him settled into a room for visitation. I need to get back in there."
Tony smiled faintly. He knew that kind of determination, and he was starting to feel a modicum of respect for Simmons. He wasn't one hundred percent sure that they'd succeed, but he was starting to feel better about their chances. Digging into his work, he started running through the information Fury had released on the Hydra weapons, praying that the man had given them everything he had.
Fitz had beat her to the punch by seconds. "This is brilliant! Thank you, sir. Oh, this coffee is magic," he groaned, already taking his hoard back to the computer.
Clint propped his elbow on the back of the couch and his face on his hand as he smiled a little sheepishly. "I... never thought about it at all, really. I mean, we've always been close, but..." He blushed a little. "You... we... mostly have Nat to thank, I guess. Or hate, if I turn out to be a terrible ass," he amended with a grin. "She pushed me toward you. A little because..." He stopped. It seemed like something he shouldn't say, but it was the elephant in the room, and ignoring it wasn't going to help. "I think she feels bad that I'm so hooked on her, and..." He sagged back against the couch, looking suddenly nervous as he pulled his arms in close to himself, his hands on his thighs. "Well, I guess she felt guilty, wanted to make it up. Don't get me wrong; I'm glad she did. Just... sorry. I shouldn't... I shouldn't talk about it. Sorry."
"Not nearly so good as you feel." He knew he wouldn't get it all right, not every bit of inflection or turn of phrase. Thankfully Stark seemed rather hell bent on making himself believe, and that would make it easier. "Let it go." Loki's fingers dug into the muscles, and he felt Stark giving in and letting the fears wash away. He dared to kiss the bared back of Stark's neck then to see how it would be received. If he was right, Tony wasn't going to be fighting anything much longer.
"Several somethings," she agreed with obvious relief before rummaging through a locked cabinet until she found something. "Ah! Here we are..." She grabbed two bottles and stuck a syringe into one of them, carefully measuring out a dosage before preparing Clint's arm and sliding the needle smoothly beneath his skin. "Nothing terribly strong. You shouldn't feel sleepy, exactly, just relaxed. Very relaxed. These," she held up another bottle, "will help you sleep tonight. Just one a night for as long as you need them." Jemma looked to Coulson and gave him a sympathetic smile. "Actually, they might do both of you some good."
He sat back a bit, still apparently unconcerned to be lounging undressed in front of the mortal. They were well beyond modesty so far as he was concerned. "I never fought for power because I thought that in the end we would share it, that we would rule together. For years he came to me night after night, and I thought... I foolishly thought that one day it would stop being a secret that he hid and become something more. Once I stopped lying to myself, began asking for what I wanted, the visits stopped too. I couldn't lie to myself anymore, and I realized that the only one who would ever defend me against his ridiculous friends or fight for a place for me was me. My brother had no intention of doing more than using me when it was convenient, and so I decided to return the favor."
"We're our own ancient weapon of mass destruction," Scott agreed with a laugh. That the mansion was standing was a testament both to Xavier's leadership and its solid construction. "Lesser houses would have fallen." He was pretty sure Stark had built his foundations just as well, though the thought brought with it a reminder of the day that drew the smile from Scott's face. "How long until Fury pulls us all back in and tries to convince us we're not as fucked as we think we are?"
The idea was surprisingly enticing. Steve murmured his pleasure at the idea and bared his neck to Tony. "Maybe you should leave a couple more, then." He had no idea whether he'd be in his more vulnerable form forever or not, but if it was temporary, he wanted to take the opportunity to be marked as thoroughly as he could be. Eyes sparkling, Steve hooked a leg around Tony's thighs as if to discourage him from moving away. "Let's make sure everybody knows I'm taken."
Darien nodded and followed, unable to keep from leering at the sight of Clint hard and ready for him. The man was hot as hell, and the leather pants didn't exactly hurt anything. The smell of sex and leather and sweat was thick in the air as he climbed onto Clint's lap and slid forward until their cocks lined up. The friction with nothing but a little precum to ease the way was almost uncomfortable, but it didn't stop Darien from wrapping a hand around them both and stroking firmly. "Something like that?"
Clint smirked. "I like the way you think," he said. He forgot sometimes what Loki had done to Coulson. Not so much because he hadn't cared, but because the whole thing had seemed like one horrific nightmare, and now that Coulson was right there with him still, it seemed even less like something that had really happened. "Make sure he researches a way for us to both get to do the honors. I think we both deserve the opportunity to pull the trigger. That is, if his big brother doesn't show up and save him last minute. Again."
Tony barely registered anything at first. Everything seemed muffled. It was cold. He felt heavy. Sick. Feverish. Especially the sick part. Like he wanted to puke but couldn't. He moved to roll over only to realize that he wasn't able to; his hands were suspended out to his sides. In fact, he seemed to be held upright by the bindings. He blinked, his eyes fluttering open. At first, he saw nothing. Another blink, harder, squeezing his eyelids together until tears oozed slightly from the sides. His eyes opened again, and slowly, painfully, hazy shapes appeared. Dim lights. Tony could barely remember what had happened, but he assumed that if he was tied up, they'd lost. Still unable to make out his surroundings, Tony let his tongue wet dried lips. "Couldn't just put me in a cell? Had to get all kinky, huh?" he managed, his voice gravelly and weak as he tugged weakly at his bindings.
Scott whimpered, his fingers tearing into the comforter. "Fuck, Logan, harder... harder..." It hurt, but it was a good kind of hurt, the kind that would leave hidden bruises that would remind him while they were apart of what he was missing. The kind of bruises he'd never needed or wanted before. Scott relished the way Logan's cock seemed to tear him open with every harsh thrust. He never wanted it to end, but already Scott felt the tremors that meant he'd be cumming any second.
"Oh, I can hide it well enough." A moment's thought and Loki's skin looked as normal as ever, pale but unmarred by any trace of blue. "As it turns out, however," the blue faded back in, "even I balk at the idea of spending every waking moment hiding behind a mask. You'll notice I was only willing to wear the good Captain's face for so long." Loki stalked over to Stark, glaring down at him. "At the moment, neither one of us knows what you've done with that weapon. For a man who seems so adverse to the idea of death, you seem ever eager to wake monsters."
"No government agency does," Steve sighed. He didn't want to break the moment further, but he had to know. "Show me the file? Whatever is in it, we should know." Fury liked information, but he didn't dig past Tony's defenses without reason. Steve almost hated the idea of what the reason night be.
Tony breathed out a heavy sigh of arousal. "I think... yes," he said with a smirk, then stood, dragging Steve up off the couch with him. "But we'll start with the couch," he decided, pulling the blonde against him. He started working Steve's shirt open, button by button, keeping it slow. "Someday, we're going to have to get you into t-shirts as something more than underwear, because these buttons are great for teasing, but they get pretty frustrating after awhile," Tony pointed out, though he was in fact far from being in a rush.
Phil had to swallow hard before he could even speak. "It's the only file I never finished reading," he confessed quietly, his fingers closing over Clint's and holding fast. He was under control enough to keep the grip from being bruising this time around. "I read enough to know... to understand a little, but... I couldn't handle it." He couldn't quite bring himself to meet Clint's gaze although his hold on the man's hand never faltered. "I probably should have requested that you be reassigned right then and there." Phil quirked a faint smile and glanced over at Clint. "Actually, you probably should have when I was out of commission for months. Apparently we both lack a certain amount of common sense."
Tony made a show if looking confused. "Didn't we establish that I'm technically the old guy? Now I'm getting confused. I need a hug," he decided, head resolutely pressed against Steve’s shoulder. "Besides, with all the stuff I've survived, I think I can assume my expiration date is less milk-like and more cheetoh-like." He didn't like to think about it, in truth. He'd nearly died enough times that thinking about all those times was almost enough to start a panic attack in and of itself.
Steve tipped his head back and simply enjoyed. It registered a moment later that things were going way too far way too fast considering they were standing in a crowd. Reluctantly he put a hand against Tony's cheek and murmured, "We should slow things down until we get home." Once they were somewhere a little more private, all bets were off. They'd apparently both been dancing around the issue of desire for awhile, and now that all their cards were on the table, there didn't seem much point in holding back anymore. He pulled back and slid a hand down to find Tony's, eyes silently questioning whether that was okay.
Clint straightened, opened his mouth, closed it, and furrowed his brow, trying to think of a decent way to respond. "So, why... I mean, what kind of... How do you..." The archer cleared his throat, purposefully putting his hand on the pile of soaked paper towels and absently moving them over the counter top. "I... so... you kept the videos of me?" he asked, frustrated to find that the sentence ended in a bit of a squeak. The idea of Coulson having watched a fair number of his sexual exploits was starting to have an entirely different connotation.
"I don't think that's how it works, Tony," Steve answered, though he only sounded about vaguely worried. "There are worse things to be addicted to - from my point of view, anyway. It sounds like it would kind of work out for me." He began carding his fingers through dark, sweaty hair. "Sounds silly, but I like your hair. It's soft." Steve continued to idly toy with it, running bits that were curling between his fingers and enjoying the texture and the shape. "This is the part where we have to remember you actually have work to do, isn't it?"
Scott let himself get lost in the kiss to distract from the new stretch. It wasn't painful, precisely, but it was strange, foreign. The insistent slide of Logan's tongue and the throbbing heat of his body kept Scott's mind appropriately sidetracked. He kissed Logan back with abandon, mind filled with thoughts of being even more intimately entwined.The questing fingers finally found their mark and Scott jolted off of the bed. "Do that again... please?"
Logan shook his head grimly. "Not much. She was fine last I saw her. He hadn't exactly threatened any injuries to her, either. Just said it'd be easier on her if she cooperated. Told us both that, actually." He paused, the faintest flicker of something else passing over his eyes before he added, "He did threaten to hurt 'er if I didn't cooperate. I wouldn't be surprised if he's played with her memories." It was a decent way to possibly cover his ass on what he'd done.
"You're just seein' your own problems," Logan snapped, though he let Scott usher him to a seat. "I'm fine."
The words were surprisingly affecting, and Scott found himself fighting back tears. It was silly, but he wasn't used to focusing on his own problems. He'd spent most of his life trying to fix things for everyone around him without ever tending to his own needs more than he absolutely had to. //And this is where I end up when I don't bother,// he realized with a hint of a smile. "Let's get dried off. I need to go talk to Fury, see about setting up a real schedule to learn the office work side of things here and maybe get hooked up with a shrink. What are you up to today?"
Clint practically purred as Phil worked the knots from his shoulders, turning into a puddle of happy archer against his date rather quickly. He rolled over onto his stomach, half on top of the other man as he murmured, "You can just do that until I get tired of it. And I promise, no mooning Captain Crazypants without good cause. Wouldn't wanna miss out on the blanket fort. Too many microwave s'mores I need to eat." Remembering their last encounter with Loki sent a chill through Clint. The god had nearly gotten to both of them. If it hadn't been for that creepy, possessed hammer, neither of them would have survived.
"Oh, boy," Tony murmured, sounding as nonplussed as humanly possible.
Clint rolled his eyes in a way that would've made Tony Stark proud. "It's a thing humans get when we drink too much. Happens the next day? Hurts a lot?"
Logan jerked a thumb towards Thor. "He has a point. If you've ever seen Scott hung over..."
Clint gritted his teeth, looking away. "You son of a bitch," he grated out, yanking worthlessly against his cuffs.
"We don't, you insubordinate jackass, but you two are drawing entirely too much attention to yourselves. The last thing I need is to have to run off the Enquirer and Star Magazine. Bad enough Vanity Faire and CNN are always-"
Darien gave a half wave. "Darien Fawkes. I'm apparently invisible, but I'm here. Nice to meet you."
Clint smirked. "I vote for 'attacked by rabid poodles.' Just ridiculous enough to be believed, right?"
Tony couldn't deny how odd it was to pull Steve against him and have the man's head resting against his chest, but he gladly gathered his lover close, hooking his chin protectively over Steve's head. "I'll even throw in an extra minute since you're a regular customer," Tony said, pressing a kiss to blonde hair. Tony realized after a minute that he was so desperate to make sure Steve was comfortable that he was scared to death of doing or saying the wrong thing, of hurting or upsetting Steve. Trying to calm his nerves, Tony offered, "I can make an omelette. Or pancakes. I think I've got some sandwich materials around, too."
Loki swallowed his pride and resigned himself to long days under the scrutiny of the man he loathed most in the world. "Understood." It would be worth it. It could be worth it. "Now, I believe Agent Barton is in need of some of my 'sorcery' as you put it, brother." He arched an eyebrow at Fury, silently requesting permission.
Tony had to remind himself to take in oxygen when Steve was finally buried fully within him. The blonde was definitely bigger than anyone Tony had been with before, and it was painful and blindingly good all at once to have the man's shaft buried fully within him. "...fuck," he finally managed, his voice weak with pleasure. Without a thought, Tony wrapped his legs around Steve's waist, his hands sliding over the blonde's muscled back and powerful shoulders as Tony squirmed invitingly under Steve's weight.
Just thinking about that moment made a chill run through Steve. Even though he and Tony had been allies at the time and not yet friends, it had hurt. The idea that the man had stepped up and been everything Steve thought he couldn't be only to go and die... but then his eyes had opened and Steve had found himself breathing again. "Don't ever do that to me again, by the way. Ever. It was bad before, but now I'm pretty sure I couldn't take it. I'm old, remember? I could have a stroke."
Thor tilted his head at Logan. "Hang... overs?"
Darien found the floor with a groan and almost sat down only to wince and decide to just lie down instead. It still reminded him just how sore he was, but it gave some relief. "Yeah. I think it means I'm mentally deficient, but I had fun." Darien wondered what sort of craziness had led him to be so messed up. //At least I'm not the only one in the room who's crazy.// "And here you didn't strike me as the kinda guy to share," Darien drawled as he propped himself up on his elbows to look at Clint.
Natasha snorted and broke the momentary tension. "No offense, Logan, but I'm half tempted to take him up on that even if filling out SHIELD paperwork for hours on end can make your eyes bleed."
The archer was skilled in hand-to-hand, nimble and lightning-fast. The problem was, he had no real way to hurt Victor. Even with the man in a sleeper hold, Victor's throat lodged firmly between his bicep and forearm, he could feel himself losing. When Victor's adamantium-laced skull snapped back into Clint's forehead, the man dropped like a fly, his ears ringing as spots floated in his vision.
"No, he... Bucky would have liked you..." Steve knew that Tony was trying hard to bring the mood up and tried to let go of some of his worries, but it didn't work. It was too hard. "Tony, if they found... if someone found Bucky's body... could they have... have done something to him?" The man he knew would never have tried to hurt Tony or any of the Avengers. He would have been proud, or at least Steve liked to think so. He knew it was unfair even to ask such a thing when Tony was exhausted and hurt and probably wanted nothing more than to sleep, but as horrible as the idea of someone using Bucky's body to do evil things was, it was better than the thought of Bucky doing those things himself.
