get out?”
He turns over and wonders if he can go back to sleep. Sam and Dean will probably want to leave for Colorado sooner rather than later, but judging by the light outside his window, it’s barely past dawn. In any case, he doesn’t think they would take off without him. Not because they actually want him along for the trip, of course, but his connection with Elkins makes him a useful asset.
“Hello?” Sam’s voice rings out too loud in the almost-winter silence. “Anybody there?”
Two weeks later, Sam drops his bombshell.
His previous exhaustion is long forgotten as every nerve in his body flares to high alert.
He’s carrying a brown banker’s box that he drops on the table in front of Dean.
A small part of him wishes that he could be there to see it, but he tucks that part of himself away. He said his piece. He relieved the burden which has been pressing down on his shoulders now for years. In his lifetime, it was nothing more than a blip on the map, but those years have made all the difference in the world to him. Finally, he can look back on them now without regrets.
Sitting next to him, Cas is tense. His leg jiggles with nervous energy, and a muscle twitches in his jaw. No doubt, he and Dean are going to have a conversation later, but Dean pushes that worry aside. Right now, Sam takes up all his attention. He sits across the table from Dean. The only testament to his nerves is the packet of sugar he rolls around in his fingers.
“I’m going to bring him back,” is the last thing he says, before he steps through the portal. The tails of his coat have barely disappeared when the portal snaps shut with a crack of finality.
His body aches with the weight of too much sleep. Instead of his normal four hours, he’s working with the weight of almost twelve. Paradoxically, it’s left him sluggish and sore, his back protesting as he rolls over to his other side. At this rate, he’s spinning more than a rotisserie chicken.
Dean ducks his head towards Cas’ and hides his smile in his hair. Together, they start on the road towards home.
you burning. I could hear you
He can feel the moment it works; when he gets a grip on the demon and starts to twist it out of its hiding place. Smoke pours from the mouth of the host, a ruddy-faced man in his fifties. Seconds later, the smoke hits the ground, scorching the grass at the host’s feet in a perfect circle as it burns out.
“Fuck.” Dean takes a deep breath, and another, trying to tamp down on the surge of adrenaline that’s making his hands shake and his heart race. He needs to get it together.
Castiel moans at the surge of lust rushing through him. He can’t deny that the thought of bending Dean over the pool table and working himself inside him makes him weak in the knees. Hearing those sweet sounds falling from perfect lips as he thrusts deep into that hot, tight body…
Castiel sets down his half-eaten spring roll, leaning back in his chair. His feet nudge Dean’s under the table, and Dean flinches away. “It’s a demon, sort of,” Castiel says. “His name is Azazel, and he’s part of the first generation of demons ever created. There’s only four of them, and they’re known as the Princes of Hell. They’re stronger than your average demon, and their eyes are yellow instead of black.”
“I don’t know,” Sam says. “But I had a vision of a woman in that house, screaming for help, and now that I’ve met Jenny, I’m pretty sure it was her. I think whatever is in that house — it’s dangerous.”
Scott is the next one to break the silence. “Thank you for cooking, Ellen,” he says politely. “The steak is wonderful.”
“Cas!” he shouts to the sky. “Wherever the fuck you are, come on! Cas! I’ve been trying--”
Dean stays by the door, subtly widening his stance and tensing his muscles, prepared for an attack.
“Yeah,” Dean says, cautiously. He doesn’t like where this is going one bit.
Castiel blinks, surprised. He’s never needed air before. Come to think of it, he’s never needed water either.
“Oh,” Sam says, hating how small his voice sounds. “We’re still doing that, huh?”
“Yeah? You think that’s something you might be interested in someday? Engineering? I know you had fun doing the rigging for the Roadhouse. Plus, I’ve seen your EMF recorder.”
His hand goes through the rip in the world and for a second, there’s nothing, nothing, nothing–
Castiel winces. “Fair enough, I walked into that one. But you know what I mean. I’m not attracted to assholes.
“We’re going to Elk Springs,” Dean says, opening the door to the Impala like a challenge. “If you don’t like it, you can leave.”
Dean says the words as gently as he can while not softening the blow. Castiel Novak has been living in a fantasy world for the past few weeks and as a result, he’s almost gotten himself killed.
He’s alone.
for it to latch onto.
. Underneath Cas’ touch, Dean feels himself coming alive again. His body bows and arches as Cas runs his fingers over his ribs and down his flanks. Cas’ lips trail down his throat to leave a scorching path down his chest, and Dean strains to meet him.
Fear grips Castiel’s chest as he watches fire lick across the ceiling. The house is about to go up in flames, just like it did so many years ago, and Dean can’t move. Castiel glances over to Sam and sees terror shining in his eyes. That fear only grows when a dark figure billows up through the smoke and starts walking towards him.
Her feeling of goodwill lasts only as long as it takes her to meet Ava in the annex kitchen. Ava is trying to make a cup of coffee, but her mug is half-empty, and the counter around it is spattered with coffee. As Jess watches, Ava tries to empty a packet of sugar into the mug and stir it. Most of the sugar lands on the counter next to the mug.
Jack shakes his head, studying his abandoned snack as though it holds the secrets of the universe. “No,” he says. “I don’t think so.” He sighs softly. “When I’m sad, eating food I like sometimes helps. But… I don’t even want to touch it. I think I’d throw up if I did.”
Hannah knocks on the office door and enters. “Accounting is going to want an answer on the budget proposal before the end of the day,” they say. Their tone is carefully neutral but there’s a flicker of worry in their eyes. “Do you want me to order lunch from the cafeteria for you?”
Cas just wants to be alive again.
bit of time, but not all day.”
Another violent shiver shakes through Castiel, reminding Dean that he’s dealing with a sub on the edge of a spiral. Careful handling is required.
This time, Sam’s hand shoots out to hold Ava back. “Yeah, no. You’re staying here. I’ve got to look for Jess and make sure the shifter doesn’t jump me. I can’t watch out for you on top of all that.”
“I’m working,” Dean interrupts, because if Novak--if Castiel--offers him a drink, like they do this all the time, like they’re
Despite her foul mood, a smile spreads over Jess’ face. “Well, with that kind of reward, how can I refuse?”
“It doesn’t have to be
Cas’ attention focuses, laser-sharp, on the package, which Dean managed to get wrapped in actual Christmas paper. The paper is an eye-watering shade of red, with little cartoon drawings of reindeer — maybe not Dean’s first choice, but the only one they had at the store. He’s thankful he managed to keep it hidden from Sam, or else he’d never have heard the end of it.
The whole truth is, that if Dean were to sit there and watch Castiel work out in his too thin t-shirt and his running shorts which do
“Still in the woods, by a fallen log about fifty feet to the right. He’s alive. Ava's with him. I came out here to find you guys and let you know.”
Sam and Aggie continue chattering as they make their way to the house. When they reach the front steps, Sam turns around. His forehead wrinkles in curiosity as he looks back for Jess. “Hey, are you coming?” He holds out his hand, and she hurries to take it.
Dean’s fingers run through Cas’ hair once more, twisting it as he turns their kiss into something hungrier and a little bit meaner. Judging from the approving moan that Cas lets out, Cas doesn't mind one bit. His hands hold onto Dean’s shoulders as he starts a slow rock against Dean.
He follows it.
Sam’s patience snaps. He tosses his toiletries bag onto the bed, narrowly missing Jess’ hip. She doesn’t flinch, and somehow, that just makes him angrier. “Yeah, well. Seems like there’s a lot of that going around lately.”
Dean swallows. “I, uh… I’ve got to take this back to him. He’s going to get grouchy if he wakes up and there’s no food. Coffee! I need coffee. Lots of coffee. The strongest you have.”
Cas obediently shuts his mouth. Dean’s glad. Cas’ apology sounds too much like a goodbye, like someone ticking off a box their bucket list. It’s bad enough Dean has to contemplate all this in his head. Hearing it from Cas is one step too far.
After they cover the safety basics and get the psychics comfortable having their hand on a weapon, they move on to target shooting. Scott misses his first shot pretty badly, but does a little better on the second, after Dean shows him how to adjust his stance for a steadier aim. Next to them, Cas is doing the same thing for Max, who’s looking at Cas like he’s the most amazing person on the face of the earth. Dean tries to tell himself it’s just because Cas helped the kid out of a bad situation, but the sight still stirs something ugly and sour in Dean’s stomach. He refuses to call it jealousy.
Cas’ eyes rest on him as Dean starts the short walk to the bedroom. The skin on the back of his neck is hot and prickly with the knowledge and it quickens his pace until he’s barely restraining himself from breaking out into a jog. Behind him, he can hear the soft sounds of Cas’ huffed chuckles, and his cheeks burn, but not for long.
Dean generously chooses not to point out that he couldn’t go anywhere if he tried, seeing as he’s cuffed and all. Instead, he paints on his most obnoxious smirk. “You didn’t even buy me dinner first. Is the romance dead already?”
“Oh, now
“Silver bullets?” Sam asks, tucking his own gun into the waistband of his jeans. A flick of his hoodie hides it and the silver knife, but he can still feel them resting against his skin. Jess’ chin jerks in a nod.
Reluctantly, Sam gets out of bed and pulls on some jeans and a flannel over the boxers and t-shirt he slept in. Jess, more used to being comfortable first thing in the morning, just slips on a robe over her pajamas.
You can find me on tumblr, at
Not with
Another presence pushes at the edge of Amara’s consciousness, and she closes her eyes, the better to sense its shape. When she recognizes it, she smiles. “You’re right on time,” she says.
~*~*~*~*~*~*~*
“You’re leaving?” she asks.
If this were the old days, then Dean would grab four hours of sleep and indulge in a greasy breakfast at whatever local diner looked the cheapest before heading down to South Carolina. But these aren’t the old days. There are
“Christo.”
“Of course. Take care of yourself, Jess.”
He pours more lube on his fingers before he slips a third finger inside himself. Cas’ teeth flash white as they chew on his lower lip. His hands stroke up and down Dean’s thighs, like he thinks the world will end if he stops touching Dean.
“Hey,” Cas says. “How are you feeling?”
He picks up the remote lying on the table beside Dean and flips the TV on. The picture sharpens into something legible and Dean watches in fascination as the anchor woman's face fills the screen.
him. First Mom, then Dad, now Sam… Desperation rises high and sour in his throat, where it stays, even though Dean tries to banish it by clenching his fist underneath the table.
“You shut your mouth,” Dean sneers, before he can stop himself. His skin crawls as the memory of Azazel in his father’s body slams back into him. The noxious feeling that something was wrong, the cold horror when he realized that it wasn’t Dad talking to him.
“And what?” she sneers. “Does he belong to you, Castiel?”
He taps the page in front of him and Dean leans forward. It just says “DEAN 35-111”, circled in black Sharpie. There’s nothing else on the page.
“Sorry,” Cas says quickly and manipulates the line of switches along the wall until only a few low lights illuminate the space. “Better?”
“I know you care for Dean.” Castiel waits for a beat and amends his previous statement, pushing aside a sudden flash of irrational jealousy. “I know you
Strangely, the thought steadies his nerves a little. Castiel casts a furtive glance at the passenger seat, where Jess is staring across the street at the Miller house. She looks immaculate and professional in a purple dress and a pearl necklace, her hair twisted into a bun at the back of her head. For a few seconds, Castiel indulges in a small fantasy, substituting the view of Jess with one of Dean in slacks and a nice shirt, maybe a tie that brings out his green eyes. As soon as the thought has taken shape, he feels guilty.
When he steps out of the car, he expects to hear a commotion, or perhaps the sound of feet scurrying softly over dead leaves, but there's nothing. The silence is absolute.
The resort is a hell of a lot bigger than it looked on the website or from the comfortable confines of the bus. Dean’s feet, calves, and thighs are now intimately aware of this fact. He doesn’t bother to muffle his groan as Cas starts down yet another hiking trail. Before setting off on the hiking trails, Dean thought he was relatively in shape, but it turns out there’s a difference between running from monsters and being able to hike over five miles in a single day. Each step feels like it takes him ten minutes to complete. He swears that he has ten pound weights attached to his ankles.
The muzzle of Bobby’s gun is pointed somewhere just above John’s knee. Dean can appreciate Bobby’s perfect poker face even with the deafening chorus of
“Sam?” He squints again and Sam’s concerned face swims into view. “The hell are you doing here?”
Sam gets this kind of funny look on his face, and says, “Cas, huh? Don’t think I’ve ever heard you call him anything other than ‘Castiel’ or ‘that asshole.’ Oh, and ‘Captain Tightass.’”
Minutes pass before they pull apart.
His hand is on the doorknob, and Cas is rising from the bed, heedless of his nudity. “Dean,
Sam says nothing, but Dean knows he’s worried. He can barely move without a long, soulful look following him. His brother’s face is caught in a mournful pout. If Sam looks any more plaintive, violin strings will start playing whenever he opens his mouth.
Dean flips open the lunch box and looks down at the gleaming silver barrel of the Colt, running his thumb over the inscription that runs along it.
“Hey, Cas.” Jess’ eyes flick to Cas at Sam’s use of the nickname, but Cas doesn’t seem bothered — a fact Jess files away to prod at later, when they’re not facing a potential emergency. “Anyway,” Sam continues, “it was at our old house again. I saw the dead tree, just like before, and then—” There’s a low grunt of pain and Sam breaks off. Dean’s voice sounds in the background, words inaudible, but the tone concerned and solicitous.
Novak pushes his glasses onto his forehead. He picks the pictures up, and Dean has to admire how steady his hands are. “These are…” He looks at Bobby and for the first time, looks uncertain.
But this Cas isn’t his--This Cas’ eyes widen in fear and indignation before he tries to yank away from Dean’s grasp.
to help. This is more than us, it’s what’s right.”
As he turns to follow Bobby, Dean claps a hand on Sam’s shoulder — the closest thing he can manage to an apology right now. Sam looks like keeping quiet is the worst kind of struggle. Something fierce and determined moves across his face, and then he’s hugging Dean, hands clutching at the back of his jacket.
stares back at him. It feels like an ellipse at the end of a sentence. It feels like an invitation, one that Dean would take if only he weren’t terrified of fucking everything up.
Dean shuffles around until he’s facing Cas, who is sitting on the floor, holding out his hand for Dean’s. Dean lets him take it, and he’s surprised to find that he’s shaking. No wonder he cut himself.
“Yeah. Living at the Roadhouse… I think he’s starting to figure out that he doesn’t always have to keep moving, you know? And that there might be people other than me and Dad who are capable of caring about him.” Hesitant, he asks, “You do care about him, don’t you, Cas?”
There’s an actual bounce in Dean’s step as he makes breakfast. Unlike the other mornings, Cas sits with him at the table, sipping on his coffee as he watches Dean move around the kitchen. He smiles in appreciation as Dean bends over and goes cross-eyed when Dean takes a risk and uses some of the ladle to daub batter at the tip of Cas’ nose. Cas sputters and wipes his nose off, his mouth dropping open in false affront. Dean grins at him as he returns to make their pancakes. His cheeks hurt from smiling so much.
He quickly identifies the source of the disturbance. Jo and Ellen’s voices, pitched at top volume, echo through the house. Castiel groans and pulls his comforter over his head. He doesn’t need to hear the rest of the fight to know what it’s about. Semi-regular confrontations about Jo’s obsession with hunting have been the soundtrack of his life for the past fifteen years.
Dean’s caught. He doesn’t want to talk about the case, and he doesn’t want to talk about anything that’s happened in the past two years. Talking about things that happened before he and Cas split is too painful to contemplate. “Fine,” he mumbles. “I guess we just won’t talk.”
“Yeah, maybe,” Sam says, with the smallest possible version of a smile, as he slides into the driver’s seat and starts the car.
Ash and Andy walk over to the annex, where the rest of the Roadhouse inhabitants are gathered to bid them farewell. “Come and see us any time,” Ash says to the group at large. “Give us a couple years, and we’ll have a solid distribution center going. We’re getting seeds for all the best strains lined up!"
something between just him and Dean.
. And tasting his blood, after it goes thick and bitter with despair at seeing your body… Oh, Dean, that
The blonde laughs lightly. “You’re right. I was convinced that everyone was going to start growing mold from all the damp. No matter how long I live here, I still can’t get used to the rain.”
The strong, skunky smell from the smoke is almost enough to blow him over when it billows out of the van in a nearly solid cloud. Dean actually takes a step backward, his eyes stinging. He tries to smother his cough in his shoulder, but he’s unsuccessful.
John’s eyes narrow as he faces Sam down, trying to make him blink first. He still doesn’t even bother to look at Dean, because why would he? He’s used to Dean being the one who never needs to be cowed anymore; the one who always does as he’s told. The thought makes something sharp and sick curl in Dean’s stomach.
Sam’s entire frame shakes as he forces the words out. “I saw you, on the ceiling, bleeding, and then… fire. Fire crawling all over you, eating you up, and—” His voice breaks, eyes shining with unshed tears. “I could
Castiel’s shoulders set and his feet plant, like he expects a fight. His chin is raised, but there’s the slightest hint of a quiver along his jaw. There’s clear interest in his eyes, even though his body language screams aloofness. The contradictions are glaring and Dean is fascinated.
Dean hates Sam’s delicate phrasing and too careful tone. “If you’ve got something to say, just say it.”
“Take Jess with you on that hunt, Sam,” Ellen says. Though she’s smiling, she reminds Sam of nothing so much as a predator, closing in for the kill. “You two have been miserable, dancing around each other all this time. This might help.”
It barely takes twenty minutes of scrolling through local news headlines before Dean finds a case. He pauses to read through the article more carefully, noting times and details. In the past two and a half months, there have been three suspicious deaths, all located in a resort located in Port Royal, South Carolina. The last death occurred three days ago, with Spencer Patterson, age thirty-four, as the last victim. The resort, with the pretentious name of
“Boring.” Dean scratches his stomach. “He’s not boring Sammy, what else you got?”
Something flashes across the back of Dean’s mind — another memory that hasn’t happened yet. He tried to open the door to the other Roadhouse, but as soon as he touched it, there was a flash of white, and then… what? “There’s another Roadhouse here,” he says, slowly. “I think I tried to get out that way before. But every time I try—”
“I really think you’re wrong about that, Jack.” Castiel has to fight to keep his voice even. “Dean considered me a friend, or a brother, but—”
the vein throbbing in his forehead. Fucking Cas.
. I'm usually funny.
Castiel blinks hard, trying to keep his focus on Azazel even as a cascade of images pushes at the edges of his consciousness.
There are thousands of injustices in this world to be corrected, but he’s only there for one.
Instead, he focuses on the other odd thing, which is Sam’s presence. He vaguely remembers Sam and Eileen untying him from the chair, but he also remembers telling them to get out. They fought with him, but Dean was adamant: he wasn’t going to leave Cas.
to know.
Something cold and tight wraps around Castiel’s chest, squeezing his lungs until it’s hard to draw breath. “Is that what you want?”
The horrific truth is, she’s not sure. Like the shifter said, she’s out of practice. It was hard fitting in target practice between study groups and classes.
but he didn’t even care enough to… If one meeting with Naomi was all it took, then was any of it real?”
It gets worse.
Dean tugs Cas away from the rest of the spectators. No one marks their departure, though a deputy has finally gotten the bright idea to start pushing people away from the crime scene. “It’s Shane,” Dean says, keeping his voice low in case someone’s nosy ears are perked.
, and all to save someone who he believed didn’t love him back.
“It’s very immature to blame your problems on me,” she finally says.
He’s not prepared for Gael to stop in his tracks, confusion twisting his handsome features. “Cas?”
He quickens his pace and pushes past Dean. It’s a long, quiet walk back to the resort.
“You’re probably happy to get some space too. You and Castiel are always at each other’s throats over one thing or another.” Sam doesn’t mean anything in particular by the remark. He’s just trying to make conversation about something other than his own issues, but Dean’s shoulders stiffen, and his hold on the steering wheel tightens visibly.
John doesn’t move, and still, Dean keeps talking. “Living here, with the Harvelles, I… I realized it doesn’t have to be like it was for us. Yeah, a demon took Mom from us. Cas and Jo and Ellen, they lost people they loved too, but they didn’t lose their home. They didn’t lose their family, because they chose to stick together. Hell, they took in others — like Ash, like
Someone’s moving in the field outside Dean’s window, and he walks up to the glass to investigate. It’s Castiel himself, striding away from the Roadhouse and towards the tree line, hands in his pockets and shoulders hunched. Once he’s reached the edge of the forest, he digs in his jacket for something, and a moment later, Dean can make out the glowing tip of a cigarette, followed by a puff of smoke.
His mind is still working overtime as he leaves for his shift that afternoon and all through his time at Castiel’s office. He knows that he’s not devoting his full attention to his job, just skimming the scenery instead of inspecting it like he should be doing, but he’s twisted up in figuring out how he can lure Kevin Tran to the trial.
Next, they hug Jo, Ava and Pamela, who still stops by the Roadhouse fairly regularly to work with Ava. It turns out that out of all of Azazel’s special children, Ava was the only one with genuine psychic talent, and Pamela has been teaching her the tools of the trade.
Ava grimaces at Sam, twisting the small silver engagement ring on her left hand. “Yeah. I called him earlier. He said he’d toss all my stuff unless I gave him the address where I was staying. Which, of course, I couldn’t.” She sighs. “And he didn’t exactly believe me about the vision thing either. Not that I can fault him for that. But anyway, we got into a pretty bad fight.”
A moment later, he hears Eileen’s triumphant call of “Found it!” and turns around in time to watch her slash through a few sigils with the tip of her knife. Immediately, the tension in Jack’s posture fades and he breathes easier.
The knife gleams in Cas’ hand as it plunges down into Zoe’s back. Dean hopes that Cas doesn’t accidentally skewer him as well, but he needn’t have worried. Cas has always been exquisitely accurate with a blade.
The regular chatter and static grinds against Sam’s nerves, but he shoves it aside, at least until it turns into something interesting.
Zoe stares at him. Her eyes glitter strangely in the pre-dusk light. “I’m guessing you want a drink?” she finally asks. A low current hums through her voice, there and gone again before Dean can parse its meaning.
Meg continues. “You find his garage, and I’ll buy you some piece of shit car. You take it there, and bam. Now he has to talk to you.”
“You really care about him, huh?”
“We were just wondering about when your classes are available,” Dean says to the painting teacher. He snakes his arm around Cas’ waist and ignores the tense muscles underneath his arm. “It’s just, he’s always been so interested in painting, but he’s never gotten up the courage to do it, the silly thing.” A disgruntled rumble sounds in Cas’ chest. Ah. Too far. “You do classes for beginners, right?”
He shoves Ava out of the way. He’s not sure where she lands; there’s a sharp yelp, but he can’t care about that right now. Devoid of weapons, the shifter’s chosen to attack him using nothing more than their hands, which is bad enough. The shifter is miles stronger than him, and it’s all Sam can do to keep their hands from closing around his neck.
“Stop,” Cas mumbles. Dean freezes, thinking for a moment that Cas means to stop touching him entirely. But instead of pulling away, Cas shifts closer to rest his head against Dean’s chest, ignoring the mess.
Cas, Jo and Ash were the smart ones. They volunteered to man the bar, kitchen and tables in the Roadhouse. Though it’s run down, there’s a thin stream of customers (mostly hunters) that patronize it, looking for cheap beer and news alike. For a moment, Jess wishes that she was with them. While she’d have to deal with the questionable smells and occasional wandering hand, it might be better than this tension.
That’s not a yes. But it’s not a no either.
Cas kisses him back, one hand curving around his cheek and pulling him closer. His leg hooks over Dean’s, ankles tangling together as they kiss until their lips are sore and chapped. Dean pulls Cas closer to him, arm snaking around Cas’ back to hold him as he kisses the corner of his mouth, his chin, his cheek.
“He didn’t have to hotwire it,” Cas rasps, running a shaky hand down his face. “I thought it might be important for us to be able to make a quick getaway. I left the keys in the ignition.”
Dean twists his neck to look down at Cas. “You always say thank you after you come?”
There’s something he needs to remember. A name keeps forcing itself to the tip of his tongue, but every time it does,
Sam pulls an apologetic grimace. “You don’t want to know. C’mon.”
to get answers. “Who killed them? Why did they die?” He’s almost screaming now, anger and fear coloring his voice.
“Give it a rest, Dean. I already know you’re awake.”
Jess grimaces and shifts uncomfortably against the tree at her back. Sam wonders how much time has passed since she was brought here. It’s hard to tell with the cloud cover, but it seems dark enough to be near nightfall.
It’s like pins and needles when his arm falls asleep, but over his entire body. Dean opens his mouth to gasp, but—
Dean’s firmly of the opinion that, apart from an anti-possession tattoo, protection sigils are worth about as much as the ink they’re composed of, but the cuff is comfortable against his wrist. “What the hell,” he mutters, going back to his task of sorting out the rest of Bobby’s junk. “It’s not like he’s going to mind.”
—” Andy starts, but then his voice gives out and his knees buckle, blood soaking through the fabric of his jacket.
Dean is
It feels like the entire world should be standing still in the silence that follows those words, but the quiet hum of the refrigerator in the kitchen, the monotonous drone and flicker of the TV in the background, prove that it isn’t.
Taking one hand off the steering wheel, Dean grabs another ID off the stash and glances at it. This one’s for a DEA agent. “And Agent Carter! Awesome, man. I love Captain America.”
“Stay by the truck!” Jess echoes, and with that, she has no more time to spare on Ava. Her entire focus turns to the house. For all intents and purposes, it looks empty: inside is dark, and there are no telltale shadows shifting over the windows. Jess, however, knows that appearances can be deceiving.
Once Dean’s recovered a little, and just to be an ass, he peeks over his shoulder with a suggestive leer. “C’mon, stud. We’ve got a
Cas in the alley, pain bursting in his chest, blood on his lips, Cas’ hands pulling him close, Edgar’s voice saying
He gets to have
Memories arise. Sam, wide-eyed and slack jawed as Dean tapped his admittedly limited imagination by spinning fantastic tales. Dean, sneaking out of the library as the books he’d shoved underneath his jacket dug bruises into his ribs, all to keep Sam entertained. All to avoid Sam’s brain, impressive even then, running out of entertainment and uttering those damnable words. All to avoid watching his father’s face turn that horrible blend of confused, impotent, and angry as he watched his sons, his obligations, crash into him.
Her voice leaves no room for disagreement, and Sam doesn’t even try. A faint smile sweeps across Jess’ face. She squeezes Sam’s hand before ushering Missouri and Max towards the car.
want to get me some Arby’s?”
“If you ask me, we kind of did you a favor. Your car is...not good.” It’s an understatement. Novak’s Continental is hideous.
“Hello, my name is…” Castiel fumbles, looking in mild alarm at his office door. He’s closed and locked it, and left strict instructions for Hannah not to disturb him for the next hour, but he still feels as though he’s about to be caught doing something immoral. “Um, well, let’s just not worry about my name right now. I was wondering if you could put me in touch with one of your personnel.”
, with illustrations. “Thank you,” he says softly, brushing a gentle touch against Dean’s wrist before he goes back to studying his gift.
“That was too easy,” Cas says, putting Dean’s worries into words as they start the slow, slippery drive back down the mountain.
“Hey there, doctor lady,” Aggie says. “How’s Cali?”
“What?” Cas asks, catching his eyes mid-bite.
“A what?” Sam says, but Jess nods. While this is her first time actually hunting a demon, she knows a lot of the basics of the lore. Growing up, her parents (and Aggie) made sure of that. She doesn’t miss the way Sam’s attention snaps to her, surprise and hurt warring for control over his face.
“She’s putting up missing posters downtown.”
He winds up talking about Sam and how proud he is that his baby brother made it to Stanford on a full ride. How
“Gotta show you something.” Charlie neatly elbows him out of the way as she taps on a few keys. A new window opens on his screen. A quick glance tells Dean that it’s an email account. A second, longer glance reveals that it’s Castiel’s.
Cas continues to mutter Enochian at him, alternating between frustrated, hurt, mocking, and pleading inflections. Each time, Dean looks at him in a mixture of helplessness and shame.
But John isn’t looking at Dean. His eyes are glazed, seeing something far distant, long ago. “She should’ve lived,” he says. “Should’ve been me who burned up in that house.”
Next time: Cas, Jess and Max race to Lawrence to save Sam from an unknown threat. The Winchesters meet Missouri Moseley and find out what's haunting their childhood home. Dean has trouble coping.
There’s a single beat of silence, and then another. And then Dean is slammed against the passenger door as Castiel jerks the steering wheel to the right. Dean throws every curse at Castiel as he scrambles back upright. Gravel crunches underneath the Impala’s tires, and the frame squeaks as Castiel pulls her off the road. Dean’s heart clenches in fear for Baby’s suspension, but even that is swept away in the burst of rage brought on by Castiel’s callous treatment.
“Zoe.” The bartender wipes a cloth across the bar. “And you, my roving friend, are…?”
“Look, this is the way that I see it: you’re infuriating, but you’re gorgeous enough to make up for it. This doesn’t have to be anything else other than what it is--two people trying to work out their frustrations.”
“That’s kind of the problem,” he snaps.
Her eyes flick to Castiel, immediately dismissive, but then her eyes widen. “You,” she says, surprise turning her light voice guttural. “What are you—”
He stumbles up the steps and tears open the door. “Back in Black” plays on the jukebox. Ruby is behind the bar, glaring furiously.
“Shower?” Cas asks, ignoring the sudden desperation in Dean’s grip. He tilts his head curiously until Dean croaks out an affirmative, smiling faintly when he does. “Excellent.”
“Yes,” Castiel answers, pleasantly surprised. Not a lot of hunters bother with the details of demon lore. Most hunters don’t bother with demons, period. The ones who do tend to die young and bloody. “And water running to blood. Even a plague of locusts, about twenty miles north of here. I can show you what I—”
Castiel smiles at him, his eyes sad and shining. Of the thousands of lives which Dean pictured for Cas, he never envisioned him continuing to hunt, mostly because Cas had been so vocal about his desire to stop. But he finally understands Cas’ reasons for continuing to hunt (even if he does have a few choice words to say about where Cas places his priorities on being alive).
A wide grin splits Castiel’s face. Only Bobby Singer would think to call an angel ‘boy’. He walks towards the old hunter, who looks the same now as he did in life, and is surprised when Bobby sweeps him up in a hug which would threaten to crack his ribs, were he human.
Emily shakes her head. “Your boyfriend came to the diner looking for you. I was in the back, but I heard my aunt say there hadn’t been any customers, which was weird, because I remembered her being around when you were. So I went outside to see if I could find your boyfriend and talk to him, and I saw—” She swallows heavily. “I saw my uncle attack him with a wrench.”
“Oh,” Dean says. “Okay then.”
He knows he needs to keep those words locked up, because Cas deserves what he asked for: someone who is all in. The mere thought of holding Cas’ hand, of showing him any kind of affection where others can see, makes Dean break out in a cold sweat. He won’t inflict his own issues on Cas.
“What are you saying?” Dean asks, swallowing past the taste of defeat and disappointment.
Cas nods absently, bent over a stack of yellowed forms he’s pulled from one of his boxes. Andy picks a box and gets to work too. They rifle through the files with increasing frustration, because whoever was in charge of filing the county’s records apparently had only a passing familiarity with the alphabet and the concept of chronological order. Jess is on her fourth box by the time Cas clears his throat.
“Yeah, well, whose fault is that?” Dean sneers. “You’re getting pretty greedy.”
How the fuck are he and Sam supposed to stop this?
Castiel isn’t ready for the arm slung over his shoulder. That small amount of physical contact is enough to short-circuit his brain, so when Dean’s lips press into his temple, he’s amazed that his heart doesn’t implode on the spot. His world narrows to the smallest of details--Dean’s arm heavy around his shoulders, the softness of his flannel brushing against the back of his neck. The slightly chapped, rough skin of Dean’s lips pressing into his skin, the puffs of warm breath stirring his hair.
Sam staggers back a step, shaking his head. “No, no, he… he can’t be—”
Sam gapes at him. “What the fuck? We’re not leaving with you.”
“I could—”
He shakes the feeling off and returns to business. “So, what are you thinking for tomorrow?"
Sam and Jess leave two days later, early enough that the sun hasn’t quite finished creeping above the horizon yet, even this deep into the summer. The half-light of the dawn hour adds to the slight sense of unreality that comes with saying goodbye to a place that’s been home for close to eight months.
Before they can even get out of the room, the sound of rapid footsteps moves past their door, followed by a loud, insistent knocking.
“Aww, are we having a moment?” the demon sneers. This particular one has possessed a slightly overweight guy in his early twenties who’s wearing hunting camos and has a mottled, pimply complexion that speaks of too much red meat and rotgut. “How ‘bout you untie me so I can give you some privacy?”
“And the damndest thing is, I don’t know whether he would have been happy or not. My own wedding, and I don’t know whether my dad would have even shown up.”
and even if he was the best guy in the world, Castiel is a
, why couldn’t I have been assigned to one of the fun Supers?”
Castiel pulls out a chair and sits down by Dean’s side, since it doesn’t look like a fight is imminent. “You’ll forgive us if we don’t want to provide details about our strategy to someone who walked here from the enemy’s camp,” he says. “But yes, we do believe we have a chance of killing Azazel.”
you know how to kill demons? One of the other guys carries a knife and he tried stabbing one of the black-eyed ones. It just pulled the blade right out of its chest and kept walking. I mean, how do you hurt something like that?”
and then, like magic, there it is in front of him, just like before, surrounded by a thick copse of trees.
Eileen jerks upright, hate still glowing in her eyes. Ruby whirls to face her, her hand rising once more. Sam shouts out a warning, groping at his waistband for a knife that isn’t there.
As always, Castiel promised to come back, and as always, he felt both warmed by her concern and a little uneasy, knowing it was impossible to promise such things with any sincerity in the life of a hunter.
Fuck.
There’s
“What are you… Mr. Bonham, what are you doing out of bed?” A different nurse, her scrubs emblazoned with various Garfield faces, grabs Dean’s arm just above his elbow. Her grip is surprisingly strong for someone who only comes up to his collarbone. “You’re still recovering; you shouldn’t be up and walking around yet.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel lunges forward with an inarticulate roar of rage. His bindings catch him, and pain ripples through his arms and shoulders. Behind him, Sam’s voice rises in frantic questions, but Castiel doesn’t pay attention to him. His vision is washed out in a wave of red, and he doesn’t care if he rips his body apart, as long as he can kill the author of his misery.
“You haven’t been asleep long,” Ciara says. Her overly large eyes blink at him. “Less than an hour.”
“Unless that self sucks,” Dean snips back. His comeback isn’t exactly a shining example of his sparkling wit, but he has larger concerns at the moment. He yanks at his bindings to test their strength. Unsurprisingly, he barely manages to move an inch. The ropes barely have any give to them, and all he manages to achieve by struggling is to rub the skin of his wrists raw.
When the bong is passed back to him, Dean doesn’t hesitate. This time, he’s ready for the bite, and he manages to keep his coughing mostly contained. Castiel’s shoulder presses into his as Dean passes the bong over. It’s warm and solid, and even when there’s no more excuse for them to touch, Dean doesn’t pull away.
He opens the door to find Ion’s dour face on the other side. “Your food,” he says, shoving a bag towards Dean’s chest. A...
Cas frowns. “I’m not sure. I feel like I’ve seen them before, but a name’s not coming to mind.”
“We should find another way in,” Cas whispers as they cross the street.
His thoughts come to a screeching halt as he turns around.
seems to work for Cas, however, and he leans over and kisses Dean. With each contact, the fire in Dean’s belly flares, until he’s burning from the inside out.
“I think you’ve had enough,” Castiel says. This close, Dean can hear the catch and burr in his voice and feel the rumble in his chest. It reminds him of the Impala, right when she’s switching from second to third, and a strange sense of exhilaration fills him.
There’s light coming from Sam’s room too, and Dean prays to whoever the hell might be listening that Sam didn’t hear him come in. But today is really not his day, apparently, because just as he thinks he’s in the clear, Sam’s door opens and he peers into the corridor.
“Yeah?” he finally says, drawing the attention of both Pierce and Castiel. Pierce’s eyes hold a last-ditch hope that Dean will say something that will force him to remain in this jurisdiction; Castiel’s eyes silently scream caution. “Well, you can look through all the shit you want to, but you’re still not going to figure out anything. That whole hotel room’s worth of evidence, and you’re too stupid to understand any of it.”
Cas is silent for a long moment. When he speaks, his voice is tight with at least a dozen emotions Dean doesn’t want to put a name to. “It was never about winning, Dean.”
In the end, they decide that Missouri should come with them to get a read on the house. They’ll introduce her as a family friend who’d like to see the place for old times’ sake. It’s admittedly a thin excuse, and it falls apart as soon as Jenny opens the door, looking freaked out and clutching her toddler son like a lifeline.
If he were to answer, then Dean would say, quite petulantly, that he wants to go
Dean smiles as he sinks back into his pillows. It’s then that he looks over at Sam, slyly enough that his brother at least has warning of the danger surrounding him.
Dean’s muscles tense, his temper hanging by a thread. He’s been getting better about keeping his anger in check and channeling it into something productive when he needs to, like cleaning guns or punching one of the bags in the gym or cooking a meal for the crowd of hunters that calls the bunker home these days. But so sue him, he’s on the verge of a major life change, and he’s allowed to be a little on edge.
Blackwater Ridge. The wendigo case. The first job he ever worked with Cas, back when he and Cas could barely be in the same room for over five minutes without wanting to shoot each other. Dean remembers the petite blonde who’d helped him at the library, how congenial she’d been. Dean caught the spark of interest in her eye and flirted back. That was how Cas found them.
His quick sweep reveals nothing other than what he was expecting to find. Dean clears the house and he pretends not to notice Novak’s shoulders dropping with a sudden release of tension. “All right,” Novak breathes. He runs his fingers through his hair, glancing at the ceiling. “I’m going to change. Are you going to be alright?”
“It’s good,” Becky says. A hint of her old self shines through her decisive tone. “What you do, I mean. You helped me, you helped Zach, and think about how many lives you saved. Thank you.”
“Ash, it’s Cas. Listen, I need you to look something up for me. Run a nationwide search on children born in 1983 whose mothers died in house fires. The deaths would have been when the kids were six months old.” Castiel pauses. “And let’s just keep this between us for right now, alright?” He waits for Ash to agree and then feels embarrassed when he remembers that this is a voicemail. “Call me when you have something.”
“It’s over,” Sam says, his voice rough and choked. “It’s over.”
“How many of you are there?” Rufus asks.
“Kind of creepy just waiting outside his house,” Sam cautions as Dean gingerly gets out of the car, careful not to pull at his stitches. “Why don’t you go and knock on the front door?”
. Her hair has escaped from its braid, and there’s a shallow cut along her forehead. Her face is grimy and sweaty, and her clothes are muddy. She’s the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen.
“I love you, Cas,” Dean says, easily, still smiling.
“Anyway, I’ll fax you those files,” Jody says briskly, moment over, back to business as usual.
. So don’t be a stranger.”
“Psychic, dear,” Missouri says, not actually rolling her eyes, but sounding like she’s doing it on the inside. “I can read thoughts and sense energies. As, for instance, I know you’re concerned about your father’s approval, and how to earn it. And I’m telling you, it ain’t worth losing sleep over. Now, that other person you were thinking of, just now? I’ve got a good feeling about them.”
“We did it, Sam. We did it.”
But by the time Sam started floating his plan, Dean already knew the bunker wouldn’t be his home for much longer. Cas, as a human, got cold a lot, and he loved being outside, in the sun and fresh air, working with his hands to get warm. Watching Cas closely had always been second nature for Dean, and he didn’t miss the way Cas’ face fell a little whenever he had to head back inside, into the perpetually chilly, lightless bunker.
Nodding in satisfaction, he walks away.
Elkins nods. “Your daddy never take you vamp hunting?”
by Charles Portis, which, yeah, Dean might’ve picked up a copy of one time. It was good enough that he still has it tucked away someplace in Baby’s trunk. After a beat or two of studying Dean, Castiel opens the drawer of his nightstand and pulls out a gun. He leaves it on top of the stand, in plain sight, then returns his attention to the book without another word. The cuffs still dangle off the headboard of Dean’s bed, useless for now, but not forgotten.
Eileen shifts so that she’s laying parallel to him, propped up on her elbow. She needs to be able to see his mouth when he speaks — Sam’s sign language is no match for this story — but he tries to crowd as close to her as possible, tangling their legs together and resting his hand on the dip of her waist. He needs to feel her, whole and healthy under his palm, when he speaks about the death of the world and the loss of his brother.
“What do we do?” he asks, tapping his toe against the ground. “How do we… What do we do?”
Dean blinks. He breathes.
Castiel shoots a sharp glare towards Ash, which is ignored. “I
Pamela takes the note and walks over to the kitchen, setting it down on the table before she takes a seat. Ava walks to the chair opposite while Jo hovers anxiously next to her.
Jess swings herself into the front seat and then turns around to look at Ava. “Wait until I tell you about the time my sister found the haunted kidney.”
Sam seizes the temporary weakness and lunges. He puts the knife to the shifter’s throat and presses hard enough to make them wince in pain. “Where’s Jess?” he bellows.
“Hold on to me,” he croaks, and through the haze of his exertion, he feels two pairs of hands grasping his coat.
“Yeah,” Castiel mutters, picking at a hangnail. “Special.”
“It’s not the talking to him that bothers me,” (it is), “it’s the fact that you lied to me about it.” (It’s both.)
“Why not? That’s all you’ve ever done. Leave. Get the hell out before things get too bad. I mean, that’s what you did with me, right?”
As he walks, he keeps his eyes closed, keeps himself blind to the soundless, featureless emptiness and lets his thoughts drift. He thinks of Dean — the way the lines next to his eyes used to crinkle when he smiled. How beautiful he was, even in his most desperate hours. How a kind word from him had the power to chase away every bit of darkness and self-doubt inside Castiel.
Dean doesn’t quite like the little wiggle of Sam’s eyebrows, but he’s not given enough time to complain about it. Cas’ fingers dig into his shoulder, and there’s a disturbance in the air. Before he has a chance to brace himself, the world twists and shifts around him. It’s like the floor drops out from underneath him, and for a second, he’s in a wild, screaming freefall with nothing around him. Then, with bone-jarring suddenness, he’s in their living room.
“Good morning,” Cas says. The words are sleep-rough and send a delicious tingle down Dean’s spine.
“Shit, Cas, you can do whatever you want,” Dean says, then comes to his senses when Cas starts to work his boxers down over the swell of his ass. He catches Cas’ wrist, causing him to pull back. “But you first.”
the sulfur on the back of her tongue. It’s an unnerving sensation, and she’s glad when she can return to the relative safety of the annex.
Sam scans through the fight, looking for any sign of his brother or Cas, but he finds none.
“Nope.” Jess curls a strand of hair around her finger. “So, you’ve got an award-winning voice. Tell me something else about you.”
Sam stares at her face, drinking in the sight of her, from the twist of her mouth to the lift of her eyebrow. Her expression gets more impatient with every second he doesn’t answer.
Thousands of memories flash through Castiel’s head. Every interview where he could sense the reporter was sneering at him. Reading every thinly veiled insult and slur which suggested, some delicately and others outright, that he wasn’t capable of making the kinds of decisions needed to run his company. His uncle Zachariah, signing the papers which would transfer complete control over the company to him, and still sneering,
Sam wants to disagree, wants to ask Jess to stay with him and kiss him until they’re both out of breath, but he doesn’t. Because maybe Jess is right. Being right on top of each other certainly hasn’t been working out well for them. And if the trip to St. Louis has taught him anything, it's that he can't magically wipe away all their problems with a love confession. He needs to trust that if they both want this relationship to work, they’ll somehow find their way back to each other. Of course, that doesn't make the sight of Jess packing her things any less painful.
“We’ll have to leave,” she tells him. “It sucks to give a prime location like this up, but sometimes you have to make sacrifices.”
They fall into a silence that isn’t uncomfortable but isn’t cozy either. The smell of coffee is thick and heavy in the kitchen, and Jess should be reassured by the small nod to normalcy, but everything is too different for her to find comfort in scraps.
The faint pink flush that spreads across Dean’s cheeks is a thing of beauty. If Castiel had any skill with art, then he would try to paint it and capture the perfect shade of rose. He’s quite useless in that regard, however, so he just has to settle for trying to capture the color and memory perfectly.
There’s no need to worry about which mausoleum the ritual is taking place in. They can see the glow and hear the chanting from halfway across the cemetery. Seems like the demons, having gained their prize, are no longer interested in secrecy. Dean forces his legs to move faster, his breath tearing out of his lungs in harsh little pants. Sam easily keeps pace with him, his longer legs churning the ground. Son of a bitch isn’t even out of breath.
He should be used to the feeling by now.
Ruby flares up, eyes flashing and arms straining against her cuffs again. “Look, I’m trying, okay?”
“I’m fine,” Dean grits out, but his knees choose that moment to buckle. Castiel moves in, just in time to catch him. Dean’s head lolls forward, and his face is suddenly inches from Castiel’s own.
Jody’s breath is ragged on the other end of the line. Jody doesn’t talk much about her life before Lawrence, back when she was a sheriff in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Dean knows that she used to have a family, husband and a son. He doesn’t know what happened to them; only Bobby knows that, and what Bobby knows he isn’t sharing. All Dean knows is that, whatever happened, it was bad enough to send Jody Mills running from Sioux Falls to Lawrence without ever looking back.
Dean grins as the cool night air washes over them. It’s gentle and soft, eternity held in the breeze. There’s a world held within the palm of tonight, a world held within the rest of their lives.
Her eyes take a few long seconds to adjust to the darkness of the house. Once they do, she’s still not sure what she’s looking at. The rooms, seemingly so normal in the daylight, have turned treacherous in the dark. Shelves loom over them, casting strange shadows across the floor.
Cas knows. He always knows.
Silence follows.
(Cas is in love with him, what the hell is he supposed to do with that information, what happens when the person you love loves you back, he’s never really had experience with this situation before, too accustomed to learning the shape of someone else’s back as they walk out the door to ever wonder what it might look like if they were to stay instead, when Cas says that he loves him it must just be a precursor to
He wraps his other hand around his cock again, stripping himself harder. A telltale curl of heat tightens in his balls, and it’s now or never. He touches his index finger to the side of his hole, prodding and massaging at it.
Jess frowns down at that folder now, sorting through the messy stack of papers inside. “So you were saying college scholarship is the best angle?”
The room is stark and utilitarian, its grey walls painted with sigils on every side. There are one or two that Jess recognizes from books in her family’s library, but most are unknown to her. Still, she can feel the aura of power emanating from them, making the air itself heavy with foreboding.
“I was too close,” Cas says, once they separate. “I didn’t want to come too soon.”
“He heard Ellen talking in the background when he called about that case in Burkittsville,” Sam says, eyes narrowed with dislike at their own father. His expression is something else that would have bothered the hell out of Dean, once upon a time.
In the end, he says, “I saw… someone in an alley. In Chicago, I think. They were being followed by a woman with a knife.” He frowns down at his empty glass, spinning it between his fingers. “Weird thing is, it was a woman I’ve met before.”
He wants to rip Castiel apart, limb from limb, so he can feel some of this pain that’s currently eating through his chest. He wants Castiel to hurt like he does.
“I’m okay,” Dean says eventually, tightening his hold on Cas’ waist to get them up the last few steps to the door leading outside. “Little bruised, but nothing a couple hours in bed won’t fix.”
“That good huh?”
After a too-short moment, Dean pulls back, catching Castiel’s eyes with his own red-rimmed ones. Ruby is pacing somewhere in his periphery, but Castiel only has eyes for one person.
It’s a twenty-minute drive from the library to where Robert Shaw lives. Sam makes it seven minutes before his silence finally breaks.
“Aw, shy?” Meg pouts mockingly at him. “I’ve got to tell you, Sam, I was expecting your pretty-boy brother, not some nobody! Figured if I had the two of you together, I could start taking pieces off of dearest Dean until you finally told me where you’ve been hiding all my kiddos. After that, maybe I’d send John Winchester a few gifts. What part do you think he’d enjoy getting more — finger or ear? Maybe be ironic and get him a liver? Word on the street is that the Winchesters run through theirs pretty quickly.”
Eventually they have to part. Dean presses one last kiss to the skin just above Castiel’s shirt and straightens. He almost ends up falling on his ass when his pants end up hobbling him at the knees. Cas laughs at him, the dick, but the situation is so ridiculous that Dean can’t help the helpless laughter burbling through his chest. “Asshole, you didn’t even manage to get my pants off,” he wheezes. He dips his head to nuzzle at Cas’ hair. Warmth settles through his limbs when Cas hums and tilts into his touch.
Aggie smells like coconut and citrus, like she always does, and the familiar scent brings tears prickling to Jess’ eyes. After so long, she’s
“No thanks to you,” Sam growls, then flinches when Eileen digs her fingers into his side. “Yeah, we’re ready,” he says, this time more nicely. “It’s a pretty simple summoning. We perform it, tell Rowena what’s going on, and hopefully she’ll decide to take care of Ruby. If not,” Sam glances at the angel blade laying on the table, “we know what to do.”
In the background, Dean can hear Sam talking to someone on the phone. It’s probably everyone back at the Roadhouse, judging by the raucous, noisy cheer that actually forces Sam to move the phone away from his ear with a pained grimace.
“Real awful stuff,” Castiel continues, and Dean doesn’t think he’s imagining the extra relish in his voice. “Probably need to lock him away for everyone’s good.”
(See the end of the chapter for
to use.”
“His name was Alfie.” Cas’ voice is soft, almost reverent. “He was a pain in the ass most of the time, honestly. He could be whiny, and he was a tattletale, and I always hated when Mom and Dad made me watch him while they were doing other things. But he could be so
“Wuh? Closing time already?” The lump jerks upright and reveals itself as a short dude in a cut-off flannel shirt, with a mullet that falls past his shoulders. There’s a barely faded shiner around one of his eyes and three days’ worth of scruff along his jaw. A heavy, gleaming silver skull necklace hangs down his front.
“Maybe we should have called ahead after all,” Cas says, like his thoughts are running along similar lines.
“Sammy’s made it pretty clear he doesn’t need me,” Dean finishes.
“I believe I already did that,” Castiel says, deadpan, and steps back, letting go of Dean’s wrist. Dean straightens his clothes.
“Nothing’s wrong. I just heard you were in town and thought I’d stop in to see how you’re doing. Heard through the grapevine that you were keeping some interesting company.” His hard eyes flick to Cas, and even the semblance of friendship is gone.
“My brother wanted to control everything,” Amara says, ignoring Cas’ stricken expression as she sits on top of the table. With her atop it, the familiar, utilitarian item turns into a throne. “He always had to control his stories, tugging at a string here, or nudging someone into place there, and you saw the result of his meddling. A megalomaniac turned loose, chaos and destruction, and death untold. Lives ruined, and the balance of the universe upset.” Amara lifts her chin, imperious as only a cosmic entity can be. “I will not make my brother’s mistakes. I will not interfere and I will not meddle.”
It hurts, leaving Sam to find her way back to her own room. But for the first time in weeks, Jess thinks perhaps their relationship is something that can be saved.
She stormed out of the room before he could explain, cutting off his promise that they’d talk after he came back. He tried to go after her, but, judging by the death glare he got from Jo when he asked where Jess had gone, she didn’t want to be found.
Cas curls in on himself, his face twisted with pain. “Cas,” Dean groans. He wants to reach out towards him, but Azazel’s power keeps him frozen. “Cas, I’m sorry.”
The pillow is shoved under his ass, and Dean breathes in deep. He stares at the ceiling, unable to make himself look at Cas as he feels the first curious fingers skate over his balls to his perineum, and then between his cheeks.
It takes a moment to find him. Cas is almost transparent, the edges of his jacket bleeding in with the darkness of the warehouse. Cas’ face is the most vibrant part of him, and even that is pale and thin, tipped up to Dean as he rests his hands on his knees.
Cas slumps against the side of the car and lets Dean tip the bottle to his lips. It might not be necessary to baby Cas like this, but dammit, Dean wants to, and he’s grateful when no one draws attention to it.
Cas mouths the name to himself. Dean can practically hear the gears of his mind turning. “Like a brownie, right? Related to hospitality.” His eyes narrow. “I thought you were rumored to haunt houses.”
Cas is a fucking asshole.
“Cas?” Dean calls, refusing to stop scanning. There has to be someone, something here--Cas wouldn’t let himself just... lie there.
Shane shrugs sympathetically at him before curling his arm around Angelica’s shoulders. “What are you going to do? Happy wife, happy life, am I right?”
“Give him back,” Castiel says, each word a contained threat. His blade, useless, falls into his hand. “It’s me you want. Not him. He’s… nothing to you.”
“Hang on a second,” Jess says, holding up a finger. “He can
“Sam and I are going. It’s our house.”
Ruby nods. “I’ve been here for a long time now. Been awake for a while too, and I’ve learned a few tricks. But just so we’re clear: even if I wanted to spy on Dean’s personal horror show, and that’s a big if, I wouldn’t let you come along.”
“She didn’t say,” Sam says. His face pinches. “I’m going to go…” He gestures vaguely towards the annex, and doesn’t wait for Dean to say anything else. Dean tips his head back against the seat and lets out a long, slow sigh. Without Sam’s presence to distract him, there’s just the thoughts in his head, and those are almost deafening.
All of those details pale in comparison to Dean Winchester, sitting cuffed to the table.
Dean trades a look with Cas, who nods. In a smooth, practiced motion, Dean bends down to remove his switchblade from the concealed holster right above his boot. As he gets up, he slips the knife into his back pocket. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees Cas making a similar adjustment.
becomes an itch underneath his skin that he can’t shake off, no matter how hard he tries.
Amazing to think that it's over. I started this fic about a year ago and abandoned it for various bangs and other projects. When I picked it back up this summer, I just wanted to finish it so I could move it out of the "WIP" folder and into the "Finished" folder. But a weird thing happened--while I was finishing it, I fell in love with it, and y'all were a big part of that. Your enthusiasm for this fic kept me going (and it's been fun to listen to you cursing my name). I hope this ending was everything you wanted.
“No!” The scream erupts from Castiel’s raw throat. Dean’s eyes cut to him. Despite the merciless grip Meg has on him, Dean looks frightened for
At Jo’s silence, Dean dares to look up. She’s still furious--she’s practically vibrating with repressed anger--but for the first time, Dean thinks that maybe she’s not angry
In the background, the song switches over to
“Baby steps, handsome,” Pamela says, with a smirk and a wink. “Start with focusing real hard.”
“Maybe I do, maybe I don’t,” Castiel says, sounding utterly indifferent, but there’s a small twinkle in his eye betraying his amusement.
He and Dean are in a queen bed, but even with the limited real estate, they’re not touching. They haven’t had sex in two weeks. Beyond the confines of requirements for a case, they barely touch at all. Dean’s skin yearns for Cas’, yet he can’t force his fingers to cross the six-inch divide separating them.
“Obviously, no one’s allowed to do anything abysmally stupid like give themselves up to that yellow-eyed menace.” Bobby looks absolutely furious, eyes scanning over the subdued crowd once again assembled in the farmhouse kitchen. “But the question is, how in damnation did he find us?”
Dean smiles and rolls closer to the presence, so very like a sun, and he thinks lazily that he could stay here, like this, forever.
Damn. So much for the silent treatment.
“Hate to break it to you, kiddo, but this is one hundred percent real.” Meg strides over to where Dean lies, crumpled, on the floor. She wrenches him up to his feet, and Castiel’s stomach twists at Dean's cry of pain. “Do you think I could match the chiseled perfection of this jaw?”
“Cas? Cas!”
They both stare at each other for a moment.
His pondering is brought short, when he hears the soft sounds of a door opening. Keys rattle as they’re placed on the table beside the door, accompanied by a soft sigh. Relief? Fatigue? Castiel doesn’t get a chance to decide, as the next sound his ears pick up is the quick flick of the light switch next to the door. The sound is repeated, yet still the light doesn’t come on.
He grips his phone tight as he waits. Two minutes pass, and Castiel has just resigned himself to not getting a response when the screen lights up with another message.
The air in the car feels thick enough to cut. Dean’s anger is still boiling under his skin, but he keeps it locked down for now. If nothing else, he wants to know the answer to Jess’ question, and
Jess can feel Sam starting to spiral. His worry and love are a whirlpool that threatens to drag them both under the surface. With her nerves and emotions raw from her conversation with Aggie, Jess can’t try and talk both herself and Sam out of the dire possibilities for tomorrow, so there’s only one course of action.
“You forgot one, babe.” Eileen steps out of the doorway that leads to the bedrooms and waves at the group. “Rule number four: No visitors without prior approval from either Sam or me.”
isn’t a defense that will hold up in a court of law. Sam pushes that thought away as he climbs back into the truck.
Amara stands in the middle of the library. Against the backdrop of the leather-bound books and rich mahogany bookcases and tables, her light floral sundress is jarring. Her hand rests lightly on the table, fingers a few inches away from the
With the last of his strength, Dean wraps his arms around Zoe’s shoulders. She’s expecting an escape attempt, so he’s able to crush her body to his. “Now, Cas,” he says, with the last of his breath.
Dean is quiet for a long second. Sam, having grown up with Dean, knows what to expect and holds the phone away from his ear. Sure enough, the explosion follows, and Dean, who sounds much more awake than he did thirty seconds ago, snaps,
Castiel thinks of how quick Jo was to run to Ava’s side and how solicitously her hands moved over her. A tiny smirk pulls at the corners of his lips. “I think she’s got enough to keep her busy here, but yeah, I won’t mention it unless she asks.”
“We need to get you to a hospital,” Castiel mutters, surprised to feel a prickle of tears at the back of his eyes. Dean bats weakly at Castiel’s hand where it’s holding up his shirt.
Pain blooms like a vicious, scarlet flower at the first slice of the crop against his skin. Castiel grits his teeth to bite back his cry, choosing instead to relax into the wash of red covering his vision. The crop falls again and again and again across his back, ass, and thighs, until Castiel’s nerves are screaming, until his whole body becomes nothing more than heat and agony, until he finally can’t hold it in anymore and he cries out in a wordless scream.
“Last one on the left,” Castiel answers. Dean takes Castiel to that door and walks through it, only to be confronted with a cavern. On their left is a walk-in closet bigger than Dean’s bedroom. On the right is a bathroom big enough to house an entire locker room. And when they walk through the short hall, Dean finds himself in a sprawling bedroom. At one end is a vast California king bed, covered in a plush looking comforter. At the other end is a small sitting area with a door opening to the veranda.
“I’ll tell everyone what you’re doing here,” Emily shouts, shrill panic threading through her voice. “I’ll have you all arrested. I’ll—”
“Probably shouldn’t have let you kids in here,” the elderly guard says, casting a troubled glance back over his shoulder at Cas, who’s busy removing boxes from shelves and piling them onto the small table at the center of the room.
“I’d like to hear more about these demonic omens Cas mentioned,” Jess says. “What are they, specifically? Cattle deaths?”
“Dean, I don’t...What happened today?”
“I don’t know,” Castiel says. “I suppose… I’d like to talk to them?”
His head hurts. His whole body hurts, but he concentrates on his head. Concentrating on anything else would be too much at the moment.
Meg's face darkens with murderous intent, but Castiel finds it hard to care, because he wasn’t imagining things: Sam’s hands definitely jerked away from the pole just now. He’s working on getting free. If Castiel wants to keep their chances of escape alive, he has to keep Meg’s attention squarely on him.
Tendrils of crimson soak into the fabric of Dean’s jeans. He doesn’t seem to notice as he cradles Sam’s face in his hands. “Sam, no. No no no. Sam!” He grabs hold of Sam’s shoulders and shakes him. Sam’s head bobs back and forth, the mad grin never fading from his face.
It’s not the first time that he’s had Cas’ mouth on him, but it’s a revelation every time. Cas sucks dick like he does everything else--that is to say, with his full focus and skill. There’s not a single part of him that he doesn’t devote to the cause--his head bobs up and down, the warm clutch of his throat flirting with the head of Dean’s dick, his hand rubbing at the base where his mouth doesn’t quite reach, his other hand gently rolling his balls. Cas sucks cock like it’s what he was made for and for Dean on the receiving end, it’s a goddamn religious experience.
Jess, who had been intent on the road in front of her this whole time, seems to decide she’s done pretending she’s not listening. She flashes a small smile at Dean in the rearview mirror, then takes one hand off the steering wheel to squeeze Sam’s arm.
The words soften Eileen’s expression from anger to confusion. “Seriously, what’s going on? I get a text from you telling me to head to the bunker, and I remember grabbing my bag. And then, the next thing I know, I’m standing in the middle of the sidewalk, but when I look at my computer, it shows that a whole day has passed, so what the
“Pamela?” she calls, pitching her voice low to avoid waking Cas.
“Look, you don’t need me to tell you what you already know. You don’t need my advice, and I’m not going to talk you out of what you’ve already decided. Or into it, whichever.”
Castiel considers. “That’s a good idea, but we both know that you’ll just lose on purpose. Pick a better reward.”
“Dean, do it.
“Yeah. Probably better that I’m somewhere… safe.”
He can’t help but think of Jack. His son. He can say those words now, acknowledge that Jack gave him everything he really wanted; the chance at a family, the chance to erase some of his father’s sins. Jack was gentle, he was kind, he was loving, he was
“Yeah, well, either way, I ain’t in the mood for a heart-to-heart." Dean speeds up his steps to underline the point.
He and Cas sit on the opposite side of the gazebo from Ciara. Dean’s right hand keeps a gun pointed at Ciara, while his left shoulder is pressed tight against Cas. He doesn’t even bother to pretend like the contact doesn’t comfort him.
Dean won’t let himself think about that.
he says, spitting out each word. “She’s with me—”
“Take something for yourself for once,” Meg urges him. Castiel looks at Dean’s picture and wonders, just for a moment, what it would be like to be selfish.
He’s still thinking that when his eyes close and darkness takes him over.
“Sorry that I’ve kind of been falling down on the job. It’s been...it’s been weird.” That’s all Dean offers in explanation, but Castiel doesn’t care. He suspects that this meal is somewhat of an apology, which is fine by him. Dean is welcome to commit imaginary transgressions if this is how he chooses to apologize.
Castiel’s head jerks against Dean’s hand like he wants to look down at the ground, but Dean’s hand forces Castiel’s eyes to meet his. “I want to know what you crave, so that I can torture you with it. Submission is a gift, not a toy to be taken up and played with by careless hands, and I promise you, Castiel, I will treasure yours.”
“Yeah, of course, sure, no problem.” Sam stumbles over his words. “I guess you two had a lot to, ah, talk about.”
“Do we start with those?” Scott asks, as he eyes the line of cans set up on a plank of wood about ten paces away.
“Hope you saved the best for last, Cas,” Jess gently teases. Her eyes flick to Sam and a strange undercurrent passes between them. “You too, Winchester.” A brief smile flashes over her face, and then she turns back to the target.
All three of them are looking at Castiel with varying degrees of alarm and anger, and he realizes he’s still pointing a gun at one of them. He lowers it, but doesn’t tuck it away. The intruder had no obvious reaction to the exorcism or the holy water, but he could still be dangerous.
Drawing himself up straighter, Castiel says, “Castiel Harvelle.” He means the words to sound like a challenge, wants John to know he’s proud of the name and what it signifies.
“I’m fine,” Castiel says shortly. Bobby’s expression doesn’t change. Even his ball cap appears doubtful.
It’s a legitimate concern. Unlike Cas, whose skin darkens with every exposure to the sun, Dean only grows progressively pinker. His shoulders are peeling unattractively, and at this point, the freckles are so thick over his skin that they might as well be a tan.
dad. I thought he would tell me more about what it’s like to grow up with a father. But most of the time we were there, he talked about
Amara breathes out. The low hum of prayer recedes, along with the beating of every heart in the universe and the noise of her brother rattling at the bars of his cage. Chuck’s screams and rants are so familiar by now that they’re about as bothersome as the buzzing of a small insect in the far corner of a large room.
“The only pressure I feel is to do what I can in order to prevent an entire designation from being relegated to second class citizens due to a quirk in biology. Personal lives and preferences have no bearing on professional abilities. By virtue of my position, I’ve become the face of this movement, and I am more than happy to accept that role.”
When no response comes, Sam’s mind slips from frantic into the kind of battle calm that would come when Dad took them on hunts. The panic, the fear, the anxiety are all still there, but they’re hidden behind a fog that obscures everything but the small details: the spot in the clearing where it looks like the dirt was churned. The destruction of a small shrub. He starts walking.
His eyes land on the jukebox, where Pamela is bent over the list of songs — a position that shows off an extremely fine ass accentuated by tight jeans. Her black t-shirt has ridden up just enough to reveal a tantalizing strip of ink. Perfect.
Give some love to my wonderful artist
Sam leans forward. His face is open and earnest. “Don’t you ever want something
Castiel’s shoulders lift in a shrug. “There’s always work to be done maintaining Heaven. We don’t know what, if any, effects the restructuring will bring, so I suppose I will be traveling and making sure that everything is stable.”
“Dean.” Dean tries not to jerk in surprise as Cas ghosts his fingers along the inside of Dean’s wrist. “I’m going to talk to Gael for a moment. I doubt he’ll tell me anything new, but it’s worth a shot.”
In that split-second, he thinks of all the lives that have been shattered as a result of Azazel’s actions. He thinks of his Mom, and Cas’ brother, and Sam. He thinks of his own broken life. Most of all, he thinks about how he wants to be
Cassie bites her lip. Now that she’s looking, Jess can see the red tinge around the whites of her eyes and the dark circles under her eyes. She’s reminded that Cassie just lost her father and was forced to acknowledge the existence of the supernatural for the first time. Anyone would be overwhelmed.
“Alright then. Lead the way, I guess."
Dean looks back over his shoulder again, gazing up from between his lashes in the way he knows drives Cas absolutely crazy. “You gonna fuck me, Cas? Gonna fuck me so hard that I’ll be walking funny at work?”
The words reach down deep inside of Dean, sparking a chain reaction. His back arches as he comes over Cas’ hand and his stomach in messy ropes. Even after he comes, Cas continues working them over. His hand squeezes, and Dean whines in overstimulated bliss. His fingers twist in Cas’ hair as he brings his head down to his. He kisses Cas and tastes his moans as he thrusts sloppily into his own hand. He can taste Cas’ small sigh when he comes, and he kisses him through the aftershocks.
It feels ludicrous, the idea that his mom is sitting on a cloud somewhere with a harp and halo listening to Dean lose it in a dark bedroom in Nebraska, but he doesn’t let himself dwell on that. Instead, he keeps going.
As they get closer to the turn, the meter’s squeals become louder. By the time they’re in the orchard itself, Jess has to turn the machine off. It's pretty clear now: whatever supernatural thing is haunting this town, it’s in the orchard.
If this is the kind of creature Castiel is after, he can’t afford to waste time. As quietly as he can, he dashes across the street and down the concrete path to the main entrance, thumbing off the safety on his gun as he goes. A few hours earlier, he made sure to tamper with the lock on the door so he could get inside the building without the time-consuming use of a lock pick. This comes in handy now.
. He was kind of starting to think this place couldn’t be Heaven, because it just wasn’t
A pithy remark is already on Dean’s lips about yoga when he turns to Cas, but then he catches sight of Cas’ expression. His features might as well have been carved out of stone, and Dean remembers. He doesn’t get to share these moments with Cas anymore. The realization hurts more than it should (it’s been two years; he should be over it by now), and Dean slumps back into the seat. He can’t wait until this stupid bus stops. Then he can get off this shuttle, find a place to sleep for the night, and call Sam to bitch him out.
“Yeah. Me too.” Sam’s smile is a little sad. He knows just as well as Castiel the reasons why Castiel isn’t going to be joining them anytime soon. “Anyway. While we’re here, tell me about what’s been going on with you.”
you guys?”
Ellen scowls. “Who taught you how to drink in the first place?” She walks to the bar and neatly plucks the shot glass out of Jo’s fingers. Without missing a beat, she tosses the shot back. “Besides, if you're gonna be closing down my bar for the night, the least you can do is let me embarrass you in front of your friends."
“Okay, never mind,” Sam says, pulling his hand away from the speaker. “Jess is coming with me.”
It hurts, because once upon a time, Cas wouldn’t have had to ask.
,” as a parting salvo. He gets a low growl from Bobby for his troubles, but it’s half-hearted at best. Bobby doesn’t much like smug assholes either.
A tiny sliver of cold slithers down Dean’s spine.
Castiel tries to stammer out a reply, but the words won’t come, and then Sam moves. He raises his right hand, clutching the knife that was in Bill’s chest a minute ago. He plunges it into Dean’s gut, cackling insanely.
Cas flickers and disappears.
“You want me there?” Aggie’s voice sharpens with interest. “It’s a two-and-a-half hour flight; I can find a charter plane. I could be there before night.”
“He probably slept at the house, Ash,” Jess says. “Usually does these days I think.”
Something about Bobby’s words penetrates through the haze surrounding Castiel’s mind and strikes at a particular memory. He bites his lip as he thinks back to that afternoon in the hospital, when Dean tottered out into the waiting room and told him that John had already left. He’d hidden it well, but there was anger and confusion in his eyes. Worse, however, was the resignation, like Dean had never expected anything different.
“Cas, gonna,” is all that Dean manages, along with a weak little tug at Cas’ hair that the other man ignores. Cas just doubles down, giving one hard suck to the head while he flicks the tip of his tongue against the slit and then Dean is
No doubt Hannah could give them some insight--she’s sure to notice how close Castiel stands to him. Possibly how Dean forget himself for a moment and almost reached out to fix a stray strand of Cas’ hair. Most definitely how close Cas sits to him now when they take their customary evening meal. But Hannah keeps to herself and never says anything, though there is a look in her eyes when she glances at Dean--something threatening, that Dean never would have expected to see from her.
Jack, on the other hand, apparently hasn't.
“Dean Winchester,” she says, obviously not for the first time, judging by her annoyed squint. “When you’re done having a crisis, how about you tell me what’s going wrong in your old house?”
“Those others couldn’t compare,” she whispers. “They were just snacks, but you? I’ll keep you around for as long as I can. You’re worth the effort.”
With a sigh, Castiel sets his papers down. “You know how many times I was told to drop this case?” Castiel flicks through his pad. “The District Attorney, Mr. Zachariah Adler himself, came up to my suite personally and told me that he thought that my time would be better spent pursuing other avenues. And a suggestion from him…” Castiel huffs, irritation in the sound. “It might as well be a law handed down from the Almighty himself.”
, apparently, for fuck’s sake, about how it killed their mom when she got in the way.
Aggie pauses for a beat. When Jess doesn't respond, she says, "Look, we’re coming to you, alright? I know you’re not alone, but you should have your family with you.”
From far away, he can hear Jack and Cas calling out for Dean, but Sam already knows the truth: they’ll come up with nothing. Dean isn’t here.
“What is it?” Dean chokes out. He’s still having a hard time breathing past the smell of singed hair and charred skin. It’s all in his head, he knows, but knowing something and believing it aren’t always the same thing.
Cas’ concern is touching, and his self-control is iron-clad. Too bad that it’s wasted on Dean.
Cas shakes his head, whether in answer to her question or to rouse himself out of his mood, it’s hard to tell. “Sorry, I—” His throat bobs with a heavy swallow. “I have a thing about… I don’t do well with… being controlled.” He swallows again, and blinks hard. His voice sounds croaky when he adds, “Possession.”
She’s pointing directly at Jess, who looks at them with a small amount of surprise.
It feels almost like cold water dumped over his head. Castiel shudders and forces himself to concentrate on the second round. Jess and Sam’s shots land in much the same place as they did before, though in this round, Sam manages to get closer to the center of the target, while Jess’ shot goes just a little bit wide.
Dean remains silent. He allows the submissive to look him over. Furtive eyes dart over Dean’s frame, like his client is expecting to be reprimanded for getting a peek at the merchandise. Meanwhile, Dean makes no attempt to hide his slow, appreciative gaze, thrilling in the faint blush spreading across the submissive’s cheeks.
Oblivious to the sudden change in mood, Andy saunters back in. “Alright, he’s taken care of. So what’re we doing?”
Castiel glares, but takes a step back. “Special children. Where’s the nearest one? If the Winchesters are going to go swanning off and do whatever they damn well please, Jess and I might as well do something productive.”
Dean carefully extracts himself from the bed. Once he’s free from the weight of the comforter, he sighs in relief. His t-shirt is stuck to his skin with sweat, and he plucks Some things never change: Cas is still a furnace when he sleeps. Cas is still no more of a morning person now than he was two year ago.
Dean smiles thinly. “I’m not so sure of that.”
“Your father,” Cas says. A stone sinks into the pit of Dean’s belly.
The contact is light. Questioning. Cas can push him away if he wants.
Sam's voice reaches him as if from underwater. “Cas? Come on, Cas, don’t listen to anything she says. Demons lie, it’s not real, come on, Cas—”
coursing through him before he carefully puts it aside. Castiel is already scanning the tree line, gun held easily in his hand.
Dean takes a step forward. Castiel’s heels shift like he wants to take a step backward, but he holds his ground. It’s an interesting shift from his other clients, some of whom had dropped to their knees with nothing but a look from him. Those subs were intriguing in their own way, but Dean finds himself fascinated by the paradox of Castiel. He wants to dig his fingernails into Castiel, right where his pulse flutters at the bolt of his jaw, and figure out what makes him tick.
till next time, and much love, doth. <3
Max peers over Ash’s shoulder at the map pulled up on screen now. “Actually looks like they’re centering around—”
“It’s okay to find good parts in it,” Jess finally says.
Sam’s ribs ache sharply from the blow the shifter dealt him, and he’s having trouble catching his breath, but there’s no time to recover. He struggles to his feet. The shifter already has at least a twenty-second head start on him, so he can’t afford to waste time.
it, the same way he can step into a house and immediately tell that there’s a ghost attached to the structure.
“It’s time,” she says. Her voice, small at first, gains strength as she orders him and Dean to their places. Sam squares his shoulders and walks upstairs into Jenny’s bedroom, where he’s going to perform his part of the ritual. Earlier in the afternoon, they punched holes in the drywall big enough for them to drop the bags in. Jenny’s going to have to spend some money getting them plastered over, but it’ll be worth it to no longer have a murderous poltergeist in their house.
Dean discretely stashes his bag out of sight against the couch as Castiel goes to a small cabinet in the kitchen and pulls out a glass bottle. Dean doesn’t see the label, but the clinking of the glass cork sounds expensive. Castiel pours two glasses, both with generous portions. Wordlessly, he offers a glass to Dean. Dean accepts, but not without deliberately brushing his fingers against Castiel’s. Castiel’s fingers tremble ever so slightly, the liquid sloshing in his glass, and Dean hides his grin in the rim of his glass.
Handshakes won’t be a problem. On the other hand, if Cas doesn’t cool it, Dean’s going to have to worry about his Dad throwing punches.
And just like that, any residual regret and sympathy Dean might’ve felt for Castiel evaporates. Sure, Dean was hurt and angry when Sam ran out on their family. But the fact is, Sam built a life for himself, and within days of Castiel showing up in Stanford, it’s apparently gone to pieces. “Alright,” he snarls, “If you fed Sam some bullshit line that made him throw away what he had going over there—”
He just has to fix what he’s broken.
“I need some space, babe,” Ava says softly. Jo stiffens, but nods and backs up a few steps.
Cas shrugs. “I don’t know. I just feel… if those bullets are the only three that still exist in the world, shouldn’t one of them be in a different place? Just in case… in case someone else has to finish the job of killing Azazel?”
“I’m not some blushing virgin,” Dean tells him.
Nothing happens.
, has Cas pulled away from him. Dean’s hand hangs uselessly in midair before it falls to his side once more. Rejection sits heavy at the back of his throat as he glances over Cas’ form.
Fuck. It could definitely be a case.
“Put some clothes on,” she orders. She looks over his body again, intimate familiarity in her eyes. “I’m not going to be able to concentrate if you’re wandering around with all the goods on display.”
“I know,” Jack says, his voice sounding a little thick. “I love you too.”
The digital clock on Dean’s nightstand tells Castiel that it’s around two-thirty in the morning. It seems wrong, somehow, to slip back into his suit at this hour. By the small sliver of light shining through the gap under Dean’s door, Castiel catches sight of the worn grey robe Dean likes to wear, draped over the desk chair. Castiel picks it up and pulls it on, the soft, smooth fabric feeling surprisingly comforting against his skin. Perhaps he should consider getting a robe of his own. Then again, at least some of the pleasure of wearing it is in knowing that it belongs to Dean.
Cas’ eyes glitter, the blue almost eclipsed by the dark black of his pupils. His lips are slick and raw looking and his breath comes in short, harsh little pants. Even as their eyes lock, he strains against Dean’s hold.
“I… I don’t know,” Castiel admits, still shaken.
Castiel’s eyes glaze as he stares at the endless, monotonous stretch of interstate. Bill’s truck has been eating up the miles at a steady pace, but the distance it has traveled pales in comparison to what’s still to come: hours and hours of driving past flat, winter-brown prairie.
“Just alright?” Dean tries for a flirtatious grin, but who knows if he’s anywhere close to it, because his heart is halfway up his throat.
“I don’t know…” The words are hesitant, awkward things, tripping over themselves and going nowhere. Alarms ring in the back of Dean’s mind. This is Mr.
Bobby’s beard twitches. “Sam took care of it, and Rufus already left to try and pick up another one. Asshole said he ‘couldn’t be around that many teenage hormones without puking.’ Hope he trips and breaks his leg.”
“Cas,” he chokes out. He flails, with limbs that feel like they’re over a hundred pounds. “Cas, is he--”
between his brother and their friend, but to hear Cas confirm it, and now see the evidence of their mutual affection with his own eyes? That’s beyond anything Sam ever let himself imagine.
“Your posture is perfect,” Gael praises, his fingers ghosting along Cas’ shoulders. “Straight and strong, like a tree in the forest. Very nice.”
Cas, who walked around with a wounded look all day yesterday. Cas, who baked brownies (which, if he managed to avoid burning the shit out of them, will be an impressive feat of baking mastery on his part) because he thought Dean might enjoy them. Cas, whose voice was so defeated when he knocked on Dean’s door last night, that it took everything in Dean not to run after him and wrap him in a crushing embrace.
Looking at Sam is more than Castiel can bear, so he holds Jack’s eyes as he says, “It wasn’t Billie. Dean—” He pauses, emotion threatening to overwhelm him. With a dull, distant ache, he thinks of the days when emotion was nothing but an abstract concept to him. He doesn’t regret all the ways he has changed since then, but he is so very tired, and he yearns for a reprieve.
A soft, Scottish brogue wraps around Dean, seductive and playful. “Usually, I find when spells don’t work, it’s due to the caster, not the spell. Of course,
“Come here, sweetheart.” Dean uses the makeshift tie as well as his free hand to seamlessly shift Castiel from kneeling on the floor to straddling his lap.
He wants to know, he wants to change, and that has to mean something. It could mean everything if she lets him.
Before Pamela can finish her thought, Dean walks back in, a faded leather journal in his hand. His face is lit up with excitement, and Castiel can’t help but notice how lovely Dean looks when he’s excited.
a piece of work, aren’t you?”
“I think I’ll go for a drive,” he says.
, he still won’t be caught dead wearing shorts.
Filth and encouragement pour from Cas’ lips as he thrusts, Dean’s world narrowing down to nothing but the feeling of their bodies coming together and the sound of Cas’ voice as he says Dean’s name over and over again.
Sam chuckles ruefully. “I was thinking it was worth a try, you know? But honestly, probably not.”
“Dean. I have seen galaxies live and die and civilizations rise and crumble. I’ve fought angels, demons, and God, all for a chance to be by your side.” Cas rolls his hips downward in a filthy grind, and electric sensation sparks through Dean’s body. “What in the name of everything holy makes you think I wouldn’t want this with you?”
She kneels. A single touch of her finger burns a hole in the devil’s trap on the floor, but even though she’s now capable of moving, Ruby stays seated until Rowena beckons her to rise. “We’ll get out of your hair. There’s a lot to do. The business of Hell never quite stops.”
Cas nods sharply as the light turns green and they start moving again.
It’s possible that Castiel’s curse is louder than the gunshot itself. Dean looks on with amusement as Castiel staggers backward, hand massaging his shoulder. “Fuck,” he breathes quietly, glaring at the gun, the target, the floor, Dean--anything seems fair game for his anger. “I’ve been wrong all these years. Hand these things out to criminals.”
This isn’t a regular job. Dean’s known that from the first night he was on the job. And if that wasn’t convincing enough, then the past week would have been enough to make him a believer. And then, standing at the range with Castiel, close enough to feel the heat and smell the sweat...This isn’t a regular job, which is why Dean follows Castiel into the kitchen.
Well damn. Dean really hopes Sam doesn’t fuck this up. He could get really used to having Jess around.
They both sit there, just looking at each other in absolute silence for several seconds. Then Dean cracks up, shoulders shaking with the force of his laugh until he has to come up for air, wheezing.
“And it’s actually healthier for you in the long run,” she says, helping him into a wheelchair (Hospital policy, she’d explained, all patients get wheeled out in one, regardless of how
Dean watches Cas parse the words--so similar to his usual self that it makes his chest ache. He watches as surety settles on Cas’ face and for the first time since he found Cas in this hellish place, Dean allows himself to hope.
“What are you saying?” he asks, his voice reaching a register it hasn’t since high school. “Do you want…”
For a moment, he thinks that Castiel isn’t going to answer him. He finishes his beer and drops the cigarette butt into the empty bottle. Then, he shrugs. “Couldn’t sleep,” he offers.
he could be. His skin crawls to think of it. While he was trying to create a future for them, Dean was busy counting paychecks. When the payout was no longer worth the inconvenience, Dean left.
“Yikes. Right.” Sam bends down to kiss her forehead.
“We’re not ‘buddies,’” Castiel growls, glaring at Dean. “He was friends with my adoptive father, but I doubt he knows I exist.” The topic of John Winchester is an uncomfortable one for Castiel at the best of times, and Dean’s attitude is setting him on edge. Taking a deep breath to calm himself, he turns to glance at Sam and Jess instead. “But that’s not the point. I believe one of you is in danger. Possibly both.”
“So you went ahead and killed it yourself?”
Dean’s face reddens, and he looks incoherent with rage. “You have
“Now,” Pierce says, sounding unbearably smug. “You’re staying right here till you tell me exactly what the hell that means.”
Jess doesn’t quite manage to hide her flinch at the mention of the orchard. Luckily, before Emily can question her about it, her phone buzzes. “Sorry, I’m not trying to be rude,” Jess says, flipping her phone open. “It’s just my boyfriend, and if I don’t answer him, he’ll go insane.”
Andy wraps his arm around her shoulder, glaring at his twin brother’s face. “We’re not your fucking
A sharp crack sounds through the room as Cas’ hand lands against his ass. Dean jolts forward, more from surprise than any actual pain. Cas grins up at him, the picture of innocence. “Might want to get started then.”
He retraces his steps. The thought of returning to the cabin fills him with dread, so he bypasses the path which will take him there. Without conscious decision, his feet walk down the path leading towards the bar. Dean didn’t intend to go there, but he’s not going to complain. After the disaster of this morning and afternoon, he needs a drink.
Without another glance, he turns to go. His hand is already on the door when he hears, “Sam. Wait.”
Dean takes another swallow of his beer, his throat working as he tries to guzzle more down. When he sets down the bottle, he notices Cas’ eyes fixed on him. He smirks and watches as Cas hurriedly looks elsewhere.
Cas deflates. His eyes, which had been full of fire, dim, until all that’s left is pain.
Though the words are innocuous enough, they spark a wave of irritation in Dean. “Why are
“For fuck’s sake, guys.” Sam is back in the room, just visible in Dean’s periphery, but his voice is far away, reaching Dean from somewhere deep underwater. “Would you cool it with the pissing contest?”
“Holy crap!” she says, a smile on her face.
“Shit,” Dean laughs. “Ellen’s going to kill us.”
“You should gather as many hunters as you can,” Jess says, speaking around the lump in her throat. “You’re probably going to need backup. The timeline was given yesterday, and it was forty-eight hours, so by this time tomorrow…” Her stomach churns. By this time tomorrow she could be dead. People that she loves could be dead.
Happiness always seemed like something that happened to other people; something to be glimpsed and envied as they drove past on their way to another case. But maybe, just maybe, with Chuck finally gone…
“Okay,” he whispers, hardly believing he’s saying the words. “We’ll quit. Settle down somewhere. Fuck, we can live in the suburbs for all I care. I’ll get a job at the garage and you can… I don’t know,” he realizes. “What do you want to do?”
When he was almost electrocuted on the rawhead hunt, he’d resigned himself to dying, but like hell if he was going to do it within the sterile walls of the death box. Dad’s last minutes were spent in a hospital, in a last-ditch attempt to save his miserable life. Hospitals are where the victims, if they’re very lucky, go to recover from the various horrors the supernatural world inflicts on them. If they’re unlucky, then Dean will find them in the lower levels of the hospital, stuffed into a cold, metal drawer. In Dean’s experience, hospitals and doctors don’t do shit to save anyone.
aliases, and then we’ll see.”
Cas lied to him. Cas always lies. Cas makes Dean need him, and then Cas leaves. Cas is going to leave him. Cas wants to take him away from
His skin is still damp when he tries to put his clothes on, which causes the threadbare fabric of his shirt to cling to his shoulders and back. He runs the towel over his hair once more before tossing it aside as he leaves the bathroom. He moves on quiet feet, cognizant of the fact that Cas might already be asleep. He needn’t have worried, however. Cas is sitting on the edge of the bed, with his chin propped on his hand and his elbows on his knees. From the look of him, he’s deep in thought. He doesn’t stir when Dean steps closer.
“Yeah. You know. One, maybe two. Maybe three. According to my mom, twins run in my family, so we might have those.”
In the still hush, Castiel’s breaths are too loud. He remains frozen, waiting for another attack. His wild eyes search the kitchen, looking for a projectile or an opponent. When neither is forthcoming, Castiel totters on unsteady legs towards the upraised table that Dean was using as cover. Knives and even a fireplace poker stick out of its underside, a testament to the poltergeist’s fury.
“Well, that’s true of any hunt.” Cas doesn’t mean to start a fight, but those words are the red flag waved in front of the matador of Dean’s worry.
Unfortunately, Dean doesn’t have time to wonder what tonight’s client will like. He’s already dangerously close to being late. While some Dominants might think it’s acceptable to make submissives wait on their pleasure, he thinks it shows bad manners. Additionally, no matter the power structures, the relationship between an escort and their client is ultimately a business arrangement. Showing up late doesn’t allow him to present himself in a positive light.
Dean freezes, spins around. Where, just a second ago, Dean saw nothing but trees and open space, there’s Bobby — frayed ball cap, faded flannel and all. He’s leaning back in a creaky, rusted recliner that’s sitting on the porch of a squat wooden building.
Dean chuckles. The sound is without mirth. “Why else would I be here drinking whiskey at four in the afternoon? No offense.”
“You know what to do with that?”
Since moving in with Cas, Dean’s alcohol consumption has been cut down to a respectable few fingers of whiskey per night, save in case of emergencies. It’s not that Cas has ever expressed disapproval of his habits or asked him to stop. It’s more the careful way he doesn’t say anything, or the dull thunk of the glasses as he puts them back on the shelf. For the first time since he was old enough to fake his way into a free drink, Dean felt the slow tendrils of shame curling around his chest as Cas rinsed out his empty bottles before putting them into recycling.
He lunges forward, but Castiel dodges him again. As Dean sails past, Castiel grabs hold of his wrist and spins him until Dean’s dizzy and pinned to the building’s wall. His arm is bent at an uncomfortable angle, and one of his cheeks is scraping against the pitted concrete. Castiel’s breath puffs against the back of his neck. The fucker is barely winded.
“You’re so beautiful,” Cas praises, his hands reversing their journey until they land at his waistband. He tugs at Dean’s jeans, slipping them off his hips until they land on the floor. Once Dean is bare, he takes a step back, looking over him with covetous eyes. “So beautiful.”
But as it is, right now, there's only one person Castiel wants to see.
They took two squad cars to the courthouse. Dean and Jo pair up and take one of the cars to Novak’s house. The drive is made in relative silence. Dean’s too busy going over the practicalities of the assignment, and Jo is caught up in her own thoughts. When she’s ready, she’ll share them with him. Until then, they’re in their own, separate worlds.
Charlie eyes him with a weird look.
“Someone inside told me you’re here.”
“I don’t like this any more than you do”, Cas says like he would’ve seen what he’s thinking, “This is not a situation we could’ve seen coming.”
“I guess we are.”
He doesn’t recognize the number calling him, and steps outside from the loud garage to answer it.
After fighting silently with Sam at the corner of the entrance, earning a few weirded out glances from people, Sam forces him to
Jack attempts to climb on the couch and Dean picks him up, letting him sit on top of him, giving him a tired but genuine smile when he ruffles the hair on Jack’s small head.
Dean sighs, “Dude, please. You can eat and stalk the kids at the same time.”
“No”, Dean states as he looks back down on his brother on the couch. Eileen next to him is holding a giggle. Dean’s happy Jo and Charlie are somewhere outside.
And watching Cas suffer through that is amazing, the man on the bed moaning and moving against his hand, frustrated as Dean trails his fingertips on his thigh, working the one finger he got inside Cas, slow and steady.
She’s standing too close to him too, but considering how Cas seems completely unbothered by all the unnecessary touching tells Dean that he’s used to having her touch him like that, and there’s another ton of bricks of jealousy to the face right there.
They both invited over few of their friends, and Dean’s invited his brother and his girlfriend. Most of Cas’s friends had to work so late, that they weren’t sure if they could make it, so he’s happy Dean has so many friends who could join, because it’s good for Jack to meet the people in their life.
“No, sir”, Goldilocks-Dean answers and Jack laughs out loud.
oh boy, these idiots doing something together without jack? with alcohol? what could go wrong, am i right?
Sam chuckles, “No, you and Cas”, he corrects, “Jack is doing just fine, Cas was heartbroken when he left and seems like you’re not doing so much better either. But we had fun, right Jack?”
“Fortunately”, Cas says as both him and Dean sigh in relief.
“Yeah, it’s—” Dean starts, chuckling before he can get any further. It all sounds great, but Jack has been all over the place with energy enough to light up a whole country all evening, and that’s probably why he’s taking his time with the beer.
The kid wraps his arms around Dean’s legs, hugging him tightly, and there’s a lump in Dean’s throat when he swallows. He almost can’t look down, because he knows the kid is smiling up at him, and he doesn’t deserve the smile, not right now.
“I was right about ordering wine, you had that look”, Meg mutters to herself, taking her glass to make her point, “Shoot.”
“Then you focus on the differences.” Bobby’s old desk chair creaks as he leans back in it, crossing his arms.
When he wakes up the second time, he’s on the bed alone.
“By me, why?” He suddenly gets self conscious about the attention. He reaches down to pick Jack in his arms as Jo starts to cross the playground to go back to the table.
Dean stares at the man, who’s kneeling in front of the silly little flowers, frowning at Dean from underneath the cowboy hat, crooked on his head.
At first, Dean thinks maybe he is just late, as he sometimes is, running inside with a heavy breath, apologizing for being late, usually because of work. But Castiel doesn’t show up at all, and the plastic bench Dean is waiting on has never felt so uncomfortable, making him shift to look at the window every time a shadow from outside makes him see movements at the corner of his eye.
“Thanks, Bobby”, Dean says, and wishes Bobby would know he’s not saying it just for Jack.
They return to the room hand in hand, where sleeping Jack probably didn’t even realize them being gone for a moment.
“Are we ever going to get used to this feeling?” Cas asks as they walk from the door to the car.
“I hate wearing these on the job”, he whines, “so impractical.”
“Meg, be nice”, Cas warns, “Dean, this is Meg. She’s a good friend.”
Cas chuckles and untangles himself from Dean’s arms.
Dean downs the rest of Cas’s disgusting drink and just pours a cup full of the first booze he gets his hands to, watching the two walk into the living room, arm in arm.
him”, he hears Sam’s eye roll,
Kelly opens her mouth, but Cas cuts in with a scoff, “She’s not that stupid, Dean.”
Jack almost rips himself away from Dean’s arms, running towards the vehicle the second Dean puts him down to the ground. He tries to climb up, but he can’t even reach the first ladder.
Cas speaks so suddenly it takes Dean a second to register he’s even saying something.
And everything that he’s done a good job pushing away comes flooding out at that.
It’s mean to enjoy it, so that’s why he does it in secret. Dean didn’t break the blood oath he took with Jack, but unfortunately the toddler can’t tell time yet.
“What do you mean?”
There’s still a light on in the living room, but at the front door it’s darker, the light from the streetlamp dim on them, as they stop at the door.
Dean thought he was being clever with taking the cake duty, but as he had discussed the cake business with Jack, turns out the kid had quite a few ideas for it.
Would be pretty cool if he saw right, though.
Cas gets up quickly, “I should probably go to sleep”, he states, walking two steps backwards like he’s desperately putting distance between them, “I’m waking up with Jack tomorrow. Good night.”
“Definitely. That goes without saying”, he agrees with a smile that somehow looks genuine and forced at the same time.
Benny’s checking his phone for a new text message.
Jack proceeds to explain the reason for his call which is the fact that his birthday is in nine days, and it’s on the calendar, and there’s a star on the calendar, because it’s his birthday, and it’s in nine days, and Cas showed him how many days is nine days and Dean doesn’t really get a word in there for a while.
“Uh—”
Dean gives Cas a tight-lipped smile, but he looks like he’s only pretending to be annoyed.
and the last one just says
Dean drops his gaze to the other man’s lips just in time to see him lick them again, and he decides he’s just the right amount of drunk to go for it.
“No”, he admits, annoyed that it wasn’t enough of a reason for Dean, “but he will if you keep that up, and I have to work,
Cas wants to shout as well, but he can’t. “Don’t.”
“I did, yes.”
It should sound ridiculous, and it does, given that they just started dating like two minutes ago, but it doesn’t, not really, because it’s Cas, and for him it’s even worth to be embarrassed and a little scared sometimes.
He trails off, and Bobby doesn’t say anything for a moment. He just stares at Dean long enough to make him feel weird and anxious about it.
Dean can feel the stupid, blue eyes on him.
“Cas, just control your man, please”, Jo calls Cas for help, trying to keep Dean at arm’s length from the tree.
Dean is an attractive person. Cas only lets his eyes follow him halfway to the fridge before he realizes what he’s doing and snaps his eyes back to Charlie, who has a weird look on her face, already looking at Cas.
Jack puts the toy carefully on the floor, and firmly walks across the room, “She don’t trust you”, he tells Dean while he walks past him without looking up.
tired, he’s always a little tired.
Jody seems like a really good mom, the way she’s always making Dean feel better like he’s a little boy like Jody’s own kid. He takes a sip of the coffee, and realizes he’s mentioned Cas while he was whining, but luckily no one asked about him.
where the real stupidity lies.
“Used to sing to Sam when he got nightmares or some shit”, he explains, unable to meet Cas’s eyes that he can still feel on him, “Sounds boring enough to put anyone under, I guess.”
“Happy 18th of September, Cas.”
“Would you like some cupcakes too?” Jack suddenly asks, glancing at the door, “Dad?” he prompts, when Dean doesn’t react immediately.
He knows she’s really happy for him, but he knows her well enough to know that showing it appropriately isn’t her style. And maybe feeling like you’re constantly living the happiest moment of your life only to have that moment to be followed up with a new happy moment can seem a bit crazy.
“Thanks, Cas, very kind of you”, Dean mocks, glaring at him over his shoulder.
“You are the pickiest person ever when it comes to movies”, Cas explains, “There’s no way my choice would satisfy you.”
“Yeah”, Dean chuckles nervously, “Weird, right?”
There’s a spark in Castiel’s blue eyes. “It is very hot.”
“I want birthday presents and also cake”, Jack says when the episode ends and Peppa has blown the candles on her cake.
“No, I was just—” he clears his throat, “Came home early.”
When Cas wakes up, it’s not to an alarm, or to the sound of a toddler crying, someone climbing to his bed and demanding attention way too early.
“You know what?” he says, surprising Anna with his answer, “Give him my number.”
Dean can hear the bitchface his brother is throwing right now.
“Here, like you asked”, he smiles down at Jack, “Good night, kiddo.”
For a second, Cas actually thinks about grabbing Mick by the arm and pulling him out the back door, but it’s a stupid panic thought, and too late anyway.
“There’s nothing to process. There’s no way I am suitable to take care of a pet, let alone a child”, Dean says, “There has to be someone else.”
There’s just something in the way he’s concentrating that Dean finds intriguing to stare at, and he’s glad when Cas is completely unaware of his staring.
“You laugh now, jerk”, Sam says, and Dean can
Dean drinks most of his coffee in the comfort of his bed, listening to the other two talking while they get breakfast. Jack is mostly explaining something constantly with Cas getting short comments in here and there.
Cas feels the bed moving when Dean eventually gets up, his hand slipping away from his. He hears the footsteps, the bathroom door opening and water running, but he can’t bring himself to move, to open his eyes just yet.
There’s a woman walking past them, wearing a ponytail high up her head, and it gives Dean an idea. “Come on.”
When he looks back up, he notices that Cas has fallen asleep as well, in his half-seated position, leaning against the headboard, arm protectively around Jack.
He leans against the door frame of Jack’s bedroom, watching the kid play.
“Anyway, I had to come by to get some tools from the basement. See you later.” He leans down to press a kiss to Jack’s head, ruffling his hair before he’s out.
“I’m sorry”, Cas hears himself saying out loud, when he stops to stand in front of the grave. “I should’ve brought flowers.”
Dean chuckles at something the bakery staff person says, “I know, but if it makes my kid happy”, he smiles, “Just… Try to make it not look creepy, okay?”
“No, why?”
“Do you know who that blonde girl is, though?” Charlie asks, aiming for a nonchalant tone, but Cas thinks there’s more to it.
They’ve had a good time, and as the evening goes by, Cas is able to forget about the tense atmosphere at home and Dean’s weird, snappy mood. He gets it, Jack’s been a handful for a while now, and he’s been stressed with work, leaving Dean alone with Jack a lot.
After the call ends, Dean looks down at the phone, unable to stop grinning.
Being at the hospital is fucking up with his head.
Dean’s too busy taking in the soft and cozy appearance of Cas with his ruffled hair and college pants paired with a sweater that’s just a little bit too big for him. It has a stain of what looks like Jack’s night snack. No one has ever looked
They’ve made progress. They might now know
“Thank you, Dean”, he repeats, settling for that. Dean just nods, takes some pancakes for his own plate and digs in. Cas has a hard time not looking at Dean the whole way through breakfast.
“I’m not even going to answer that”, he says, all civil, probably for the sake of Jack, who’s busy pulling all of Cas’s ties from the drawer. Cas shrugs the shirt off completely before putting on the one he was holding, “And no, I don’t need anything from the store”, he continues, already looking at himself from the mirror again, buttoning the shirt up. “The restaurant sounded fancy and I wanted to make sure I had something suitable that wouldn’t have too many toddler stains on them.”
“Kids are flexible, they’ll adjust to situations well”, the shrink says, and the meeting is done.
"I like you the best", Rowena says sweetly to Cas, before spinning around.
Cas frowns from behind his coffee mug, “What?”
“Hey, Benny”, he answers with a smile on his lips.
"Have your friends met Jack?” Sam asks, and Dean shakes his head no. He has no idea if Cas’s friends have met Jack, but he’s pretty sure the two of them spend their time at home mostly. He doesn't know for sure, because they don't exactly share any detailed parenting stories with each other.
okay?”
“Why, because I’m, what, so easy?”
”, he adds firmly, “You know how I’m supposed to enjoy my time off? Well, I don’t.”
And even if Dean knows about it now, Cas still secretly sneaks outside when he sometimes smokes a cigarette late at night, and Dean's wondering does he really think he's being sneaky about it, because Dean's caught him so many times.
While he’s busy admiring, Cas actually gets up and reaches towards the nightstand to quickly grab a condom from the top drawer.
“I can see that”, Cas returns the smile Jack’s giving him. He looks at Dean, “He’s just finished his night snack.”
“Come on”, Benny gives him a look, “You’re in your element when you get to make people feel good.”
“I swear to God you two idiots are the most fifteen-year-olds in their first relationship I’ve ever met”, she muses, taking out her phone when it makes a sound, “Which is hilarious considering you’re dads”, she continues, reading the message she’s gotten before typing something back.
Dean gets Jack to drink some juice, wrapping him up in a blanket but keeping him in his arms, since the kid seems to find it the most comfortable spot for now, his small fingers absentmindedly playing with the bracelets around Dean’s wrist.
“Been busy”, Dean explains, rubbing his temples.
“The toys we’ve packed so far”, Dean explains as he gets up from the floor. He stops next to Cas as he’s walking past the man, clapping a hand on his shoulder, grinning, “You can be the bad cop and tell him he can’t bring all of those with him.”
The kid’s section is the only one with color on the furniture, standing out from the rest of the architecture, which is more suitable for the building itself, old and earthly colored.
Or in this case, to the garage because Dean still has a ton of work to do.
“Okay, fine. I had sex with Cas.”
“See, I would’ve never picked this movie”, Cas says to prove his point.
“What?” It’s Cas’s turn to defend himself, “It was a logical assumption.”
He gives Dean a look so demanding and hopeless it feels like it doesn’t leave Dean a choice.
Dean reads the message and looks up from the screen to Jack, who’s playing around the coffee table. He examines the kid with his gaze, but there’s nothing alarming going on, not that he’d be able to pick up any clues of a toddler starting to get sick.
Bobby looks like he heard it too, and Dean hates himself enough without having Bobby giving him the same, serious expression he used to give to his father years ago.
plan Dean’s ever tried to pull off, but he can’t back off now, so he stubbornly keeps on staring back at the guard.
“No, I said
“Well, let me take care of the table, and I’ll leave you alone with your meat.”
they're gonna get their shit together soon, i promise!! kiss on the mouth again, end up together even.
“It’s okay”, Jack says easily with his almost-four-year-old’s mindset when he crosses the room, “It was an accident.”
“Please”, he manages to grit through his teeth, “Just a moment.”
“What’s wrong with those?”
They were going to abandon him for a night, they’re not gonna force him to eat rice or finish his cheerios or tell him two episodes of Paw Patrol is enough for a day.
Mick’s smile turns into a slightly more relaxed one at that. He reaches for Cas’s hand, “Well, if you want to meet again, you have my number.” And probably to lighten the mood, he adds with a wink, “Married or not.”
“Do you want coffee?” he offers to bring his mind to the present moment, “Dean just went to the shower a moment ago”, he explains, “It was his turn to put Jack to bed and considering the battle it seemed to be, he’s probably going to have a long one.”
Dean huffs out a breath, and with the relief comes the embarrassment of his own stupidness, “I’m sorry. That was stupid.”
Dean’s suddenly peeking inside from the backdoor, slightly out of breath after running with Jack, “Can you bring us some juice when you come back outside?”
. Dean doesn’t get far before a strong hand grabs his arm and yanks him around.
There’s a moment of tense silence, before Cas continues, giving up. “I’m free until Monday morning.”
Watching a nameless action movie at home on a Friday night is a surprisingly okay way to spend time. The movie is entertaining enough, but doesn’t require much thinking, and you still get to be with someone without actually having to talk about anything, or to try to be—anything.
Dean turns on his heels, holding Jack’s head with his hand as he sprints quietly to the bedroom, trying to ignore the weird feeling twisting in his stomach.
“I am going—” Cas’s instinct is to say home, but it would be confusing for Jack, since this is his home. Cas doesn’t want Jack thinking this isn’t his home too because it is, but only half of the time. It’s his home when he’s there with Jack, but his home is also back at his apartment, when it’s Dean’s turn to be with Jack.
“Uh, the red one? I think it’s on my bed”, he says, checking if Cas knows what shirt he means.
“It’s, uh.” Cas is suddenly embarrassed as his eyes flick quickly at Dean to find him looking at his silly picture as well. “You, me and Dean.”
“What
He pulls Cas with him down the hallway to their bedroom, and they’re both snoring within minutes after landing on the bed.
room is very cool”, Jack says, leveling them both with a look, “Owen said everyone cool has their own rooms.”
They’ve finished the muffins, and Cas checks the time to see how long Jack’s been sleeping to be sure that he wouldn’t wake up while Mick is still there, when they hear someone coming in.
When Dean arrives at work twenty minutes late, he’s rushing in with Jack stacked under one arm and his backpack with things thrown into it under the other. Bobby gives him an amused look behind the newspaper he’s reading on one of the chairs by the wall, but Dean’s just glad he got himself and Jack into proper clothing before he ran the two out of the house.
“You have to take it, kid”, Dean says, but his tone is understanding of why Jack doesn’t want to, “You’ll get to drink all of this juice afterwards, promise.”
Dean frowns after her for a second. “Okay, weird.”
It takes a second for Bobby’s phrasing to hit Dean. He just called Cas Dean’s— Did he imply that—
. She’s one of his best friends and lying about this to her feels wrong but telling about it would mean bursting the bubble that he’s happy living in, so he keeps his mouth shut.
is a whole another thing, and Dean can’t just kiss the guy.
When they finally do go inside, Dean heads straight to the kitchen, Cas following him there.
“Not at all”, Cas assures, glancing out from the kitchen window that’s faced to the backyard, the sounds of Dean and Jack running around quieted by the wall.
“Come on”, he laughs as he pushes the bedroom door open behind himself but pulls Cas back against himself the second they’re inside, and even that felt like a moment too long without having him close.
It’s not a true Charlie Bradbury party if at one point they don’t regress back into their teenage years and play some stupid drinking game. It doesn’t matter that they’re all around thirty, give or take, there’s always a moment when the cards come out, or there’s a beer pong table being set up.
The chick turns to look at him, and Dean tries his best to offer a somehow friendly smile. He ignores the warm feeling and the will to grin triumphantly at the fact that Cas said he’s there with him.
He was worried the second they decided to drive to the hospital, but now that they’re here and the kid’s lying there, something ugly makes its way in Dean’s head.
Jack had held him from his index finger, hugging his hand as Cas sat on the floor next to the bed, his voice tiny and hopeful when he asked, “And you too?”
“You need to return downstairs”, the guard says firmly, “This area is closed.”
Cas makes a thoughtful face as he leans back in his chair, “I am starting to realize I might’ve been conned into this.”
Dean recognizes the label.
Dean gets a grip of himself, before he drops too deep into it, because he can’t.
, Sam states.
Dean gives him a look, “Our intentions are to steal stuff, Cas.”
“I’ve never shared this bed with anyone.”
And maybe that’s it. Because this isn’t about sex, not
“He’s a nerd”, Dean states to Charlie, but he doesn’t sound mean when he says it. Charlie sides with Cas on this though, and they fall into an identity conversation like they’d be old friends already.
“No problem”, Sam smiles, saying his goodbyes to Jack before leaving.
Novak’s breath is coming out in huffs as he glances down at his camp t-shirt, the paint staining the logo. Dean grins widely at him when he lifts his gaze to his face, blue eyes wide.
Cas hasn’t asked Dean how he feels about it all, but he thinks this switching thing worked in the beginning, when they were weighed down with grief and anger and sheer tiredness of being up all night with a crying toddler.
“I don’t know when that is”, Jack states with the look that Dean calls his
“Being a godparent is a huge responsibility”, Cas talks, looking at Dean up and down, “Are you up for things like that, Dean?”
Dean crosses his arms, “He’s turning four and he’s already planning on moving out. Thanks, Sam”, he jokes, pretending to glare at his brother.
So, what the kid does is he grabs Rebecca and locks himself into the bathroom.
“Cas”, Dean repeats, more firmly this time, pushing himself off the counter to close the distance between them, “You’re more than
After he got some breakfast and painkillers in his system, it’s almost a cakewalk. Jack is content with a play that requires Dean laying on the floor like a corpse as Jack stacks stuffed animals on top of him. It’s a perfect toddler activity while being hungover.
It’s Dean’s turn to be with Jack again.
“Yeah, well, so have I—"
“You have to wait for quite a long time, I’m sorry, kid”, Dean admits, “but we’ll throw you a big party then, don’t worry.”
“I wouldn’t know because I don’t have kids, but”, Sam scratches the back of his head, “I’d say that’s just being a parent. Have you talked to Cas about it?”
That point is reached after breakfast on day three, when Jack is quickly bored even if they’re playing with his favorite toy animals. He does not handle being bored well.
He tries to remember what the board of this week looks like.
Cas frowns and crosses his arms in protest but doesn’t try to get the knife back.
Sometimes, more often than not, Dean spends the night at his apartment, pretending it helps but it doesn’t. Sometimes Cas spends nights away too.
He expects Cas to make room for him when he sits down, but he just stays there, like he’s completely unaware that he’s almost pressed against Dean.
The others have known each other for a longer time than he has, and they always know what to say to make each other feel better. Dean usually just stays silent or nods along because he has no idea what to say. Because for one, he’s never been good with words and two, Jack’s only three and Dean’s career in parenting can be counted in months, so it’s not like he’s able to speak from experience.
Cas frowns, checking his drawing, “I think our heights are appropriate compared to each other”, he says, the stick figure Dean being the tallest of the three.
“You can’t just send him away”, Dean says, “His family is here.”
“Okay that’s enough, you can solve that out later”, Jo says, holding her hands up, “What’s the next game?”
When they’ve finished the birthday song and Jack’s blown the candles with Dean’s help, it’s time to cut the frankly hideous and has-too-much-going-on cake that Jack fortunately seems to adore.
the biggest!!! thank you!!! to everyone who's read this story, and to everyone leaving comments and kudos! thanks for being with me along the ride, making my days with your comments and helping me through the writing struggles <3 i keep coming back to your comments whenever i need something to make me smile :)
“Speaking of luxury”, Anna gives him this smile, and he knows what she’s going to say next. “Mick’s been asking about you.”
“We both need time away from the house and you know it”, Cas says quietly, and Dean agrees. Hell, sometimes they’re at each other’s faces probably just because they’re literally spending every second together, and not because they want to.
“I’ve got newsflash for you, there ain’t an answer or a logic to it”, she states and pats his shoulder before crossing to the other side of the table. “But it’s not about how good at parenting you are”, she assures, probably because of the sour look on Dean’s face. “It’s about kids being kids.”
“Jack, I think your guests are still sleeping”, Dean points out, quickly sipping his coffee before the kid lands on him again.
“Dean”, Cas hisses as he hastily lifts his head from the pillow,
Cas frowns when he doesn’t get what Dean’s implying at first, but as the realization dawns on him his expression changes to a dreadful one.
Every time either of them figure out the thing Jack is into at the moment, he’s already moving on to the next.
“What about Saturday?”
There’s a doorbell ringing on Dean’s end that snaps them out of the silence,
“So, how has your evening been?” Benny asks, when Dean’s done showing off the grill.
Sam rolls his eyes at that but gives him a smile anyway. Dean wants to leave it at that, but he can’t help letting his guard down for just a second when he glances down at Jack.
“So much better”, Dean smiles, “Turns out if I don’t have to see Cas, I can actually work with the man.”
Cas closes his eyes for a second and lets out a calming breath. It’s been a long day.
Jack seems to consider his words with a thoughtful look for a moment, eyes growing wider, “The
“He’s asleep already”, Cas confirms, gesturing somewhere behind him, towards the bedroom, “It definitely wasn’t easy, but I did it.”
Maybe he’ll skip the pie from his plan for tonight, he thinks after they’ve spent half an hour at the toy store, searching for a specific warrior toy for Kaia that Claire’s determined to find and she won’t settle for any other toy Dean tries to offer.
“Dean, what’s the rush?” she asks and flicks her cigarette from her hands, crossing the balcony.
“Like in the kitchen”, the kid informs. Hesitantly, he points out, “People kiss when they love each other.”
There’s sounds coming from Jack’s bedroom, telling him that the boy’s awake, and he rushes there before he starts crying. He finds the boy on his bed, rubbing his eyes on the sleeve of his dinosaur onesie, looking like he just woke up. Jack holds his hands out when he sees Cas at the door, and he grabs the boy in his arms.
When he eventually goes back inside, Jack and Cas have collected all the presents on the coffee table, and Jack’s showing all the things he’s gotten, one by one, explaining excitedly what everything is and who he’s gotten it from, all while Cas asks detailed questions.
“My apologies”, he says, “but this is the last summer we’re going to attend this camp together and I just wanted to make the most out of it.”
Jack looks at Dean with a thoughtful frown on his face, but Dean just forces a smile on his lips as he quietly nods towards Jack’s Cheerios to get him to focus on eating again.
Jack doesn’t want to eat anything they try to feed him, and at night he sleeps in what feels like fifteen minutes at a time. Naptime is a battle, and when he settles down to actually play with some toys, he needs an adult to be there with him at all times, or he gets mad.
Dean makes a gesture to invite Cas with him to the couch, planning to lift his legs to let the man sit on the other end, but when Cas is near enough, he just lays down on the small, empty space in front of Dean.
“Me and him, we’re not—it’s complicated. Our mutual friend, Jack’s mom, she—uh, she—” The words get stuck in his throat, but it’s further than he's ever gotten with talking about it. He has to look away from Jack.
Dean reaches to grab the boy. “Okay, fun time’s over, time to go home.”
before putting the phone away to do the dishes in peace while Jack sleeps.
Dean swallows as he stares at Cas, already regretting his choice to pair Cas’s already too hot outfit with the freaking hat. He needs to stop thinking with his dick.
It’s not fun.
Donna is deep into the baby bubble, “Oh no, who could butcher such a sweet thing like that?” she talks and gets up to pour herself more coffee.
“Kasey”, the brunette corrects, chuckling to hide her confusion.
Charlie silences him by grabbing his arm to get his attention, “I think our friendship has now reached the point where I’m qualified to give you one of these:”
Jack hasn’t gotten any better by the time Cas comes home, so they try to get some more medicine in him.
“This is why you make the perfect pair for this task”, she explains, “maybe you’ll learn to actually like each other the way I do.”
Dean grabs one of the tiny baskets Cas has set up on the counter and empties it there, earning a disapproving look from the man on the floor.
The date is nice.
“We would have to get a babysitter”, Cas answers.
“He was being a dick to Alex!” Claire whines when Dean asks why she had to knock her classmate over at the cafeteria.
Rowena stomps the floor once with her foot, and the floor vibrates a bit, probably half out of magic, half out of annoyance. "
Sam laughs,
“Are you sure?” Jo asks this time.
Cas steps back outside with a knife for the cake he’d apparently stepped inside to get, frowning at everyone staring at him.
“Can’t”, he eventually says as he wipes the sweat off his forehead, “Cas got something on Friday.”
“Hello, Sam”, Jack smiles as the younger Winchester waves his hand at the kid.
“Get off my ass, Bobby, nothings wrong!” he shouts as he pushes himself up from the floor with the force of his words, suddenly sounding like someone else.
“Awesome!” the kid beams, “Now, I have to go, because I was in the middle of something”, he explains as he’s already walking through the living room and back to his own room, like he hadn’t just been a part of a conversation they’ve been nervous to have with him.
“When’s Papa coming home?” Jack asks as he puts a toy cupcake on Dean’s plate.
Dean’s lost count on how many papers he’s read through and signed already, not even registering anymore when he’s explained why he needs to sign here and here, and then here, and two times over here, the list of things he’s signing up to do getting so long he could sell his soul while he’s at it and he wouldn’t probably even notice that happening.
By the time Cas comes home from work, Dean just leaves him with the kid and takes an afternoon shower, this time without clothes, just to get some time alone before Cas has to leave again.
They’re coming back from a cat in a tree rescue turned into rescuing a man rescuing the cat, but eventually they’d gotten everyone down on the ground safely.
of all people, that’s on them.” And then, “She was right though, you are an asshole.”
if you want to share your thoughts, leave a comment or come talk to me on
But this is much worse. Of course, Charlie and Jo had to jump to conclusions and now he has to suffer.
“Dean sings the song, and then I sleep.”
That’s the only thought in Cas’s mind always during the first mile, when he’s running and his lungs are killing him. This time more than usually, because he just smoked a cigarette before running, which he usually doesn’t do, because it’s stupid and he knows it.
“Good morning.”
Dean listens as Cas clearly takes something forbidden from Jack, and he can’t make out Jack’s exact words, but it sounds like he’s disagreeing with Cas on the matter.
“She owns everything in that section, including the ring”, he explains, “and they’re planning to empty that section this week. She probably has the ring at the party next week.”
His tone matches the face, he sounds exactly like he does when they’re about to fall into an argument. Dean crosses his arms, turning to look at Cas properly, challenge in his eyes, “No, why would it be?”
“I don’t know what I would want to do”, Cas answers eventually, before yawning, “I do want to sleep now, preferably for several days straight.”
Even if they talked about Monday morning, Dean comes home on Sunday.
Dean hums an affirmative, the corners of his mouth turning up.
“But why?” Sam asks, confused.
“Can’t say it doesn’t feel a bit weird, but I haven’t really thought about it”, he explains, and it frustrates Dean that he seems to be so
Which, based on Jack’s explanation as he dresses himself, is important.
Cas feels a fond smile growing on his lips when he turns around to see Jack, wide smile on his lips, legs swaying under his seat while he holds the phone against his ear, nodding at something Dean says to him.
Sam’s been after him for almost two years now to get a partner. For almost two years, Dean’s been putting him off. Once upon a time, he had partners. Once upon a time, he hunted with the best. After them, anyone else would just be… inadequate. Dean would prefer to hunt alone than hunt with someone who he doesn’t get along with, or worse, who might end up getting him killed.
Dean puts the thing down on the table, shuddering. “Thanks. I’d rather starve.”
Castiel bumps his nose against Dean’s as he asks, “Be honest. Was that because I brought you a pizza?”
At the sound of Cas’ voice, rough and exhausted, but
“Three days, Winchester. Bring the psychics, or trust me,
“That’s good,” Jess offers, when it becomes clear that Becky’s not going to continue.
“There, now,” Ellen whispers, running a soothing hand up and down his back. “It’s alright.”
Sam settles the matter when he yawns too. “Well, I’m not going to say no to a few hours of shut-eye.” Without waiting for either Dean or Castiel to say anything else, he folds himself into the backseat of the Impala. He arranges himself against the door and pulls his jacket off to rest over his torso. His eyes close, and though Castiel sincerely doubts that he’s managed to fall asleep in only a matter of seconds, Sam certainly gives every impression of it.
Still, he can’t stop himself from asking, “And after?”
A shiver of delight runs down Dean’s spine. Now that he knows the gist of what Cas was trying to say to him, Enochian fills him with illicit glee. “What did that mean?”
“Beg pardon?” Dean finally manages.
Cas’ mouth twists in a pissy frown. “I’m just saying, it’s something to keep in mind.” His fry finally ends up in his mouth and he chews slowly. “I’ll agree their security is remarkably lax. When I was researching this case, I looked, but I couldn’t find any security camera footage from the resort, which is odd. Places like this usually have at least a few cameras around. There were also hardly any witness statements, which is odd, considering the amount of damage done to the bodies. You think that someone would have noticed eviscerated bodies sooner--”
They part. Somehow, Castiel’s hands have found their way onto Dean’s waist. One of his thumbs is braver than the rest of his whole body, as it sneaks underneath Dean’s shirt to touch bare skin. Dean grins at him.
“My — my very good friend, Sam,” Jess blurts out, unable to hold back any longer. “He’s like you. His mother, Mary, died in his nursery, and he started developing powers a few weeks ago. He gets visions. And he had a vision about you, Max. About you saving his life. Please, Max. We need you to help him.”
“Nah,” he says, a little more gruffly than he meant to. “Wouldn’t have wanted to give the guy time to skip town if he doesn’t want visitors. I’m sure he’s in there — just being careful. Besides, there’s a truck over there.”
Dean snorts. “Yeah, right. You’re running away from Jess.”
“Yeah, yeah, fucking save it.” Dean slides down to the floor and dumps the pieces out on Cas’ rug. “Are you going to help me with this or not?”
By the time he finishes his tirade, Castiel is shouting, his face shoved up close into Dean’s. His eyes are snapping and sparking with tension and temper. Standing this close, Dean feels the electric shock race through his body, igniting every piece of him, from his hair down to his fingertips. Christ, most people skydive to feel this alive, this present in their bodies, and Dean’s getting it here, for free, just from standing next to this man, this obnoxious, gorgeous, asshole of a man who can’t stop belittling Dean, but who also shreds himself to pieces for failing a child.
Conversation ebbs and flows while they wait for the food to arrive, the two of them reminiscing about hunts they’ve been on. Cas has mostly been after demons, and mostly without a partner, which seems damn stupid and dangerous, but Dean doesn’t say so. He’s not too eager to disturb this tentative peace they seem to have arrived at.
The question crowds at Dean’s tongue and he can ignore it no longer. “And Cas?” He looks at Sam’s face, looking for a tell, for any hint of a lie or obfuscation--”Is Cas all right?”
“Dean has his life on earth. I have my work here in Heaven. I don’t…” Because, of course, he’s asked himself the same question many times. Why doesn’t he go find Dean and tell him of one last, improbable miracle?
Dean begins to suspect that he may have started something which he is not equipped to finish.
“See, we started looking for you because it turns out that you’ve got demon blood in you, and we needed to make sure that you’re not evil. I don’t think you’re evil, but we have to make sure. My boyfriend has demon blood in him too, and he’s not evil, but maybe he’s secretly evil and just hiding it well, and you know, I’m not really sure that I want him to be my boyfriend at the end of this—”
“I just want you to be careful,” Sam says, in an apologetic, non-apology. “Came really close to losing you once, and I don’t want to go through that again. For
“That much is obvious,” Castiel replies, a hint of irritation in his voice. “What I can’t determine is
But today Dean’s playing
Cas’ expression doesn’t flicker at her snappish tone, though Sam flinches. “That would be correct,” Cas says, his voice even. “I think the best choice would be to start looking for any disturbances or anomalies. No matter how quiet a demon tries to be, it’ll always make some noise.”
“Have fun,” Bobby replies, toasting Dean as he walks away.
And in the end, Dean does as well.
“That’s why I prefer to do the initial contract in person. It’s much easier to test compatibility in person.”
Since Ash isn’t an interesting diversion, Castiel seeks entertainment elsewhere. There’s enough commotion coming from outside to promise something at least a little fun. He goes around to the back of the annex and finds that his hunch was correct: a crowd is gathered, almost like there's a sporting event. Jo has managed to find a lawn chair from somewhere and she lounges on it like a throne. She’s flipping a knife between her fingers, but her attention is focused on the spectacle in front of her.
Azazel’s fingers close into a fist. Dean watches in muted horror, waiting for the pain to start. Then, he hears the worst sound in the world: Cas’ small, choked moans as Azazel squeezes the life out of him.
In the hospital, sour rage rises in his throat as he remembers how stupid he was. How trusting. The thing wearing his Dad had smiled and clapped him on the shoulder, and then asked about the Colt. When Dean revealed that he hadn’t brought the Colt with him, contrary to Dad’s expectations, the small smile on his face hadn’t faltered.
Anyway, here it is! I hope that you had as much fun reading this as I did writing it!
Breath finally tears out of him as he sprints, pushing legs which refuse to move faster to fly. The golden tear glows in front of him, the only bright thing in an eternity of nothing. He has to reach it. He
Ellen is unflinching, even when Jess and Dean start speaking at the same time.
“What the hell, Sammy?”
“Oh, I’d love to see the look on a Dom’s face when you compared them to a tampon,” Castiel gasps.
“Getting a little kinky, huh, Sam?” she smirks. “It’s kind of weird in front of the brother and the girlfriend, but hell, I’ll try anything once.”
“Merry Christmas,” Dean says, a little dazed. He can’t actually remember the last time he got eight hours of sleep. It feels pretty good. “Didn’t mean to sleep that long. Is Cas alright?”
Baby has always been Dean’s peaceful place: the spot where he retreated when he needed to figure things out.
In his twenty-six years of life, Dean hasn’t made a lot of friends — the kind of life he was raised in just didn’t offer much in the way of opportunities for slumber parties. But maybe down the line Castiel could have turned into one of those rare friends, assuming he didn’t get tired of Dean’s bullshit before that happened. Friendship, though, requires trust and honesty; even Dean knows that much. Which means they’re back to square one.
A word rises to the surface of Sam’s mind.
“You can let them through Ion. They have a meeting with Novak’s office.”
“Don’t let go,” he warns as the next wave of pain hits, and every muscle in his body contracts.
After changing into a band tee and a pair of sweats, Dean wanders into the kitchen. He’s not exactly hungry, but he should eat. Otherwise, he’s going to wake up in the middle of the night absolutely ravenous. He’s done that one too many times and now has a tiny pudge around his middle to show for it.
From inside, he hears rustling and, within short order, Bobby yanks the door open. He looks disgruntled, but Dean thinks he might be hiding a smile in his beard.
“On the wendigo hunt,” Cas says, sounding dazed. “She was at the library, talking to Dean, when I got there.”
“I… we didn’t… I couldn’t…” He swallows, hard. “I was too much of a fucking coward, and now we might never—”
The nights are the worst. Dean finds himself lying in bed, hoping to drift off, and dreading it in equal measure. Because sometimes, he dreams of Cas.
All around him is green. A moment later, he hears the soft sound of birds chirping in the background; from further away, the faint sounds of children laughing. The air is ripe with the smell of growth, damp in the breeze and life underneath his fingers.
By the time Dean looks up, Sam’s already sliding into the passenger seat. Swallowing hard, Dean trails after him. When he turns the key in the ignition, “Carry On Wayward Son” comes on the radio. Dean goes to turn it off, but Sam stops him, fingers curling around Dean’s wrist.
Cas pulls away. A tempest is in his eyes, and a shiver of delight works its way down Dean’s spine. Looking away from Cas is a struggle, but he somehow manages.
His father’s lip curls in disgust. “I don’t know why I ever thought you would be capable of making a good decision. So help me god, I’ll burn everything you own if I have to.”
The Empty shoots past him, a viper striking swift and sure. It happens in the blink of an eye. One moment Dean is in front of him, warm and beautiful and
crosses over Cas’ face, and Dean immediately feels guilty. Ignoring the part of his brain that’s currently screaming in panic, he takes Cas’ hand in his. Cas’ eyes widen, and his heart beats a wild samba in his chest, but Dean doesn’t let go.
“John Winchester got my father killed!”
Dean’s face lights up with a big, welcoming smile. “Cas.”
It’s been about a year and a half since John Winchester tossed him the keys to the Impala and said, “Keep her running,” before he took off in his truck. At the time, Dean was stupid enough to see it as a reward. It was only after the first dozen or so unanswered calls that he realized it was a dismissal.
that something was wrong with his brother, and they didn’t tell him.
He bursts into the barn, breath torn ragged from his lungs as he glances around. Everything is as he remembers from years ago--the table stacked high with weapons, the symbols and sigils spray painted onto the wall. The only thing that’s different is that their positions are reversed--Cas stands at the table while Dean is framed by the open doors of the barn.
But Sam nods. “Yeah.” He steps forward, a hand up like he wants to reach out and touch Dean’s arm, but he thinks better of it halfway there. Good. Dean’s not in a touchy-feely mood just now. “But listen, Dean. I want you to stay. I do. Help us figure this out, please? You’re an amazing hunter. You’ve got the best instincts of anyone I know. Better than Dad even.”
“Sam’s going to be so damn insufferable,” Dean finally says, tracing the lines of Cas’ anti-possession tattoo on his hip.
“Yeah,” Ava says, her voice sounding hazy and distant. “I almost, I’ve almost got her, I—”
Out of the corner of her eye, she catches Dean working on the Impala. He’s been under the hood for most of the afternoon. From what little she’s seen and heard of the car, Jess doesn’t think that it needs any of the rigorous maintenance to which Dean is subjecting it; she suspects it’s an outlet for Dean’s nervous energy. Dean Winchester doesn’t seem like someone who can sit idle while the great events of the world are turning around him.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*
“Sure thing.”
“Well, that’s the last bit of paperwork, and now you’re off to enjoy your vacation! In about five minutes, the shuttle will be here to take you and your luggage to your assigned cabin. Once you arrive at your cabin, a list can be found inside of all your dining, entertainment, and recreation options.” Ciara leans in and her voice drops low into insinuation. “If you’re having trouble
Determined to do just that, he closes his eyes, centering his thoughts on the slick warmth of his hand. He thrusts up into it, and it feels good, a low moan falling from his lips as arousal builds underneath his skin. He speeds up his strokes and lets his other hand trail lower, past his balls, down to his hole. The circling, teasing motion of his finger lights up his nerve endings, making him spread his legs in anticipation. It’s been so long since anyone has touched him there. Even longer since he’s been fucked.
Dean looks at his translations and begins to speak. He’s hoping that intention counts for something as his tongue stumbles over the unfamiliar words. His heart beats an uncertain pulse in his chest. This has to work. It
He’s on fire. That’s the only explanation for how he feels this way. Cas’ fingers and touch, his
Sam sits down heavily on the bed, running both hands through his hair as he stares down at the floor. “How the fuck are we supposed to win this, Jess?”
-_-_-_-_-_-_-
Jess motions for Castiel to sit on the couch by the window, then takes her place next to him, leaving Sam and Dean to pull out the two chairs next to a small, rickety table by the front door. Dean leans forward in his seat, angling himself so that Castiel can easily see the large, sharp knife strapped to the inside of his jacket.
“And how are you pulling yourself out of them?”
Bobby’s fishing for information, and the knowledge just pisses Dean off even more. “Look, you got something or not?”
“How about you get off your high horse for a second?” Jess’ voice is low and dangerous in the way that it only gets when she’s furious. “I’m not saying that I’m innocent in this, but I’m not going to get crucified either. If you’ll recall, I wasn’t the only one keeping secrets. I mean,
A loaded silence descends in the wake of his statement. Ellen’s eyes fall on Dean and stay there, wide and wondering, like she’s seeing him for the first time.
The corner of Cas’ mouth twitches. Knowing Cas, it’s likely that he’s guessed at the reason for Dean’s sour mood; it’s not like his subtlety is famed. “He didn’t have anything to add to what we already know, other than to say that management, specifically Ciara, have been adamant that they keep talk of the recent deaths down to a minimum. He said that she’s been acting strangely for the past few weeks: stressed, snappy, terse. She won’t even discuss the deaths with members of the staff.”
Dean barely suppresses a yawn as he yanks his duffel out of the backseat.
. This his?” Pierce asks, over the buzzing in Dean’s ears. How the fuck did he miss that? He tries to convince himself that he knew Dad never leaves his journal anyplace, and that’s why he didn’t look for it in the motel room. But he should have. Somehow, he should’ve known it was there. Dad would’ve expected him to.
“You’re capable of finding the problem with a faulty engine with a single look. You built your own EMF meter out of a spare Walkman. Despite your efforts to hide it, you’re very well-read, and you have an innate understanding of some fairly complicated mathematics. I’m not sure exactly what humans qualify as intelligent, but I feel as though all of those skills count.”
“Modest too,” Castiel says dryly, wiping a stray bit of saliva off his kiss-bitten lip.
He finds, surprisingly, that he enjoys the sound of the word when applied to Dean Winchester. For a second, however, he wonders what it would be like if he and Dean could be even more.
The badge does it work: the desk clerk’s eyes widen and his hands stutter to a stop. Castiel doubts that, before the recent deaths, this man had seen anything more severe than a few DUIs. An FBI badge is certainly going to make its way around the station quicker than wildfire.
“It’s working,” Cas whispers, obviously just as awed as Jess. She nods, eyes fixed on Max, whose face is distorted with strain, the knuckles of his fist white.
Castiel reaches out, using Dean’s left hand. He takes his own body by the shoulder, turning it around to face him. Black eyes look at him. Perhaps there’s a hint of fear in them, perhaps there’s nothing but mayhem and contempt.
He slinks back to his seat. The tips of his ears burn a vicious, hot red. No matter how many times he does it, he doesn’t think he’ll ever be accustomed to public speaking, especially not when he feels like a particularly well-trained showdog. Thankfully, Sam is sitting next to him, and his applause is more out of obligation than any desire to curry favor. When Castiel sits down, Sam leans over under the guise of congratulating him, and whispers, “You all right?”
The elevator doors close behind him, and Dean’s confronted with a dizzying amount of buttons. Dean thinks back to Hannah’s instructions and selects the ‘P’ button. Once he does, he’s prompted to put in a code. Rolling his eyes, Dean punches in the four digit code (1306). Almost immediately afterward, the elevator shoots upward.
“Yeah, because I knew if you found out, you’d react like this!”
“You do when you’re dancing. Otherwise, everyone’s going to look at us and think we’re weird. Come on, man, you need to make me look good.”
Novak’s eyes dart to the door. The desire for escape is clear. He even takes half a step towards the door before he stops. He turns back to face Dean, frustration clear in his posture and expression. “There’s no way that you’re letting me drive home, so what the hell are we even doing?”
“Not so much.” Dean stands, shaking out the stiffness in his limbs. “Perks of a protective detail. You’ve got your own chauffeur.”
it bothers me so much. I should be able to get over it. I
Back then, when he woke up screaming, Ellen or Bill would sit with him until he’d calmed down, careful not to touch him unless he asked for it. Things didn’t truly get better until Jo decided to start sleeping in his bed. She was just a six-year-old in pigtails, but already too strong-willed to let his half-hearted objections dissuade her from what she thought was best.
Zoe licks the pad of her thumb before she uses the same thumb to buff out a smear against Dean’s glass. Objectively, it’s a gross thing to do, but Dean’s a hunter, and it’s not like his standards of hygiene are all that awesome. She pours another refill and hands the glass back to Dean.
“They were only doing what I asked—”
"Sure," she says, the very picture of regret, and something about the emotion seems real enough to set frantic alarm bells clanging in Sam's head. “So sorry, dear. We haven’t had a customer all afternoon. She must’ve ended up stopping someplace else in town. Feel free to go and ask around.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, a little lamely. The shock of finding Cas in the kitchen has kind of killed his appetite, but it’s not like he can turn around and leave. “Just, you know, had a craving. Why were you here?”
Is also great
He needs to get the fuck out of here.
Expecting some kind of retaliation, Castiel quickly steps away from Dean. His skin mourns the loss of Dean’s heat, but Castiel tamps down his regret. “Looks like that went a little to the left,” he says, forcing a grin.
Warning for minor use of a homophobic slur and a scene of child abuse (character in question is a teenager).
Cas comes to a stop just beyond the pool of light cast by the candles, and Sam peers over his shoulder into the room beyond. Meg is standing in front of an altar of sorts. Black candles flank its surface on either side, and while the low light doesn’t lend itself to detailed observation, Sam spots something that looks distressingly like a human heart next to one of them. Drawn in the center of the altar, glistening and dripping in a way that’s uncomfortably reminiscent of fresh blood, is a sigil. It looks like a stylized Z with a small circle in the middle.
