Steve whirled back around and crouched in front of the agent where he had lurched forward toward the ground. Steve scanned quickly for any sign of injury. He hadn’t heard any shots fired. Had Harrison been hit earlier and Steve hadn’t noticed? Tony was there in a second, dropping into position so that he could put the armor between Harrison and the warehouse.
“Please just come up to the common room,” Bruce pleaded. “Thor is threatening to throw something called a ‘Shield-Brother Gjestebud.’”
Steve startled, and it was a sign of how deep in his thoughts he must have been that Tony had caught him unawares.
weren’t an unrepentant
A well-lit library, with a second-story walkway, shelves of gold-embossed books, a network of Persian carpets, and chunks of old wood torn out of the floor. The two men paused in confusion. Tony made a noncommittal clicking noise with his tongue, and Steve stepped halfway back into the room they had just left, pivoting between the two sets of sheet-covered armchairs and cobwebbed candelabras.
Tony glanced back to the other side of the room again, scanning to see whether there was any chance of catching Steve and explaining how little interest he had in ever seeing Ty ever again. But the spot where Steve had been standing was empty, and Tony couldn’t catch sight of his tragically loose button-down anywhere else in the room either.
Tony groaned.
“You know what’s weird?” Steve asked slowly. “The tall one is wearing my outfit.”
He was struggling to pin down a maskless form that Tony now recognized, impossibly, as James Buchanan Barnes.
can’t – even if
"Dr. Stark!"
“You wanted to be there,” Tony repeated, a note of skepticism turning the statement into a question.
“So we’re even on confessions now,” Tony continued. “But that doesn’t mean you can’t, you know, tell me more about your days as an unacknowledged bisexual icon. Or whatever.”
“In position by the northeast corner, standing ready for evac,” May responded.
Steve did know what she meant. It was how they worked in the field: he took the brunt of the frontal assaults while she watched his back to catch the knife between the shoulder blades. And it wasn’t just Steve. It had seemed natural to all of them to trust Natasha to be the eyes in the back of their heads. But there was no way she could have seen this coming. Steve was the only one who knew what HYDRA looked like up close – the only one who could have identified the creeping sensation they sent up the spine.
“Is that a hint of wistfulness I hear?” Natasha inquired, her eyes searching his face until they drew a flush to Steve’s cheeks. “Not to worry: you’re both so attractive, and you’ll have all of eternity to work that part out.”
on Steve Rogers. My orientation here is completely professional. But while we’re on the subject, have I mentioned Rogers did a breathtaking sketch of the Church of Santa Maria Antica that’s almost perfectly proportional?”
“Help us understand it, then,” Steve retorted. His shoulders hadn’t relaxed in the slightest, and his jaw was clenched as he leaned forward across the table toward Fury. “You want us on the mission, so tell us what we’re helping you protect.”
“Or maybe he felt awkward getting involved in your historical crush on Steve Rogers,” Bruce suggested, sighing and surrendering his plate of snacks to Tony.
“It’s about time, man,” Sam said, giving Tony a steady look. “It takes an explosion to get you to talk to him again?”
“In that case, feel free to take advantage of the premium cable,” Tony offered, turning on the TV.
“Or a targeted EMP.”
It had been the big rivalry game against Liberty University, of course, and Tony had been in the stands the whole time. But he was glad he didn’t voice
“He certainly has that effect,” Tony murmured, just loudly enough to make Steve blush even more furiously.
“Tony,” he managed as the floor tipped ominously toward him, “Fuck. You have to get out – please. Stay awake.”
"Tony." James' hand landed on Tony's knee. "There's something I have to tell you."
"A large is too small. Two larges is too much. Two mediums is just right. Don't judge my coffee choices, young lady. I saw you with one of those weird, pink unicorn drink things last month."
“Steve.” Natasha rolled her eyes, kicking at his thigh with one foot.
“Nat?” he asked, using his free hand to push her hair gently away from her face so he could check the cut slicing diagonally toward her left ear.
Tony knew who it was without looking: his body sagged at the sound of Steve’s voice, his limbs going loose with something that could have been relief or embarrassment.
The house that locals called the “Red Manor” rarely had visitors these days. Once a favorite stopping point for romantically inclined tourists and bored teenagers, the Manor now risked being swallowed up by the woods around it. Most of the east wing was covered in ivy, its tendrils stretching out toward the mossy shingles and cobwebbed balustrades that marked the slow creep of overgrowth across the remaining traces of human habitation. The windows of the house were dark – on this night as they had been every night since county officials condemned the property ten years earlier. Other than the odd rustling in the leaves, the only sounds that could be heard for miles around were the muffled notes of “Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas,” which drifted aimlessly from the car parked in the front drive.
Tony's heart jump-skipped into overdrive. Any hope that this was a prank Dr. Grant was playing on him evaporated. Those men meant business - that much was horrifyingly clear.
“Hey, soldier,” he murmured. “I would like nothing more than to be thoroughly debauched by you on every surface in this room. But there is still medical equipment attached to your body, so – and I truly cannot believe I'm saying this – seriously, someone call Sorenson, because this is Profiles-in-Courage-level material over here – but maybe we should save some of the heavier lifting until the doctors are done with you.”
“I’ll be sure to give her your season’s greetings,” Steve acknowledged. “Look, if it were any other night, I might let you talk me into this. But I’ve only got eight hours to get home and get to sleep before I have to start roasting sweet potatoes for Sam’s.”
“What, Captain Sure-of-Himself, you think you can out-carve a laser trained on the joint collections of the Louvre, the Whitney, and the Shanghai Museum?” Tony asked his boyfriend, eyes narrowing at the smug little twist of Steve’s lips.
“I still think we could have gotten that eighth kebab if you’d been willing to consider pant legs as additional real estate,” she told him.
“Couldn’t say,” Tony admitted, stretching his arms toward the ceiling. “What day is it?”
"I have a feeling an awareness of France is even more important in politics."
“Wait!” Steve gasped. He made a small lunge against the restraints. “Please. You have to believe me. If I could tell you, I would.”
“Yeah, I’ve got one,” Tony said casually, using his phone to bring up a projection of his own. “What’s Project TAHITI?”
Steve nodded, tracing one finger across the fresh bandage on Tony’s forehead.
“Objectively scary stuff,” Clint nodded. “And what does it say about you that you came all the way out here to see it – on Christmas Eve – alone?”
“Lost souls,” Steve repeated skeptically.
“You’re not responsible for the way other people used your products,” Steve replied, and then, because something had started itching at the back of his mind, “but you thought you were. The press conference…you announced the end of weapons development the next week.”
“So there’s a shadowy ‘they’ involved, and whoever ‘they’ are, ‘they’ played us,” Tony agreed. He was practically vibrating with energy, Steve noticed, bouncing on the balls of his feet and tapping one finger rhythmically against the place where the arc reactor glowed through his shirt. “They pulled out a little Orientalist song and dance to distract us, and it worked, so let’s put Edward Said on the Avengers reading list, and let’s get busy figuring out who these bastards are. They’re changing tactics, and I want to know why. Cap?”
“I’m going to make a fool of myself,” Steve muttered, staring at his reflection in the mirror with an expression that could only be described as morose.
He got back in and put it in first, tapping the gas to see if he could get any traction. Completely unsurprisingly, the wheels just spun, digging him deeper into the snow.
“Are you okay? What’s going on?”
“It was the brain child of Clint, Tony’s new propulsion system, and a lot of Asgardian mead, so no – probably not,” Natasha responded.
“Water’s not normally my style,” Rumlow mused, “but luckily SHIELD has been gathering very helpful information for us. So we know all about what the Ten Rings did to your little boyfriend. Did you hear about that? I’m happy to refresh your memory.”
“A defibrillator.”
“I’m sorry, Tony,” he said softly.
“How fast could you rig those up to electrocute me?”
“Come on,” Tony begged, counting the beats as he drove his palms rapidly into Steve’s sternum. “Come on, Steve. Don’t you dare do this to me.” He was throwing all his weight into the compressions, but he could already tell it wasn’t going to be enough. Steve’s rib cage was too strong, and Tony couldn’t get enough pressure on his heart. He titled Steve’s head back, pinched his nose, and breathed into his mouth, but Steve remained motionless.
“I tried to run away from something that was bothering me. I thought it would be easier for everyone if I dealt with it on my own. But you made sure I had company anyway,” Steve said, his voice so earnest that it made Tony’s chest ache. “Please let us do the same for you. If you don’t want it to be me, I get it. But let me call Rhodey. Or Pepper, she could —”
“Okay,” he said. “Let’s do it.”
“Did someone say Ski Balls?” Thor asked excitedly, returning from the kitchen with a second bowl of popcorn and a pizza pan grinning with ginger snaps. “Maybe we could play a round before –”
“I use my powers for good now,” Wanda said with a wry smile, “like for checking up on the strange men who are lurking in our driveway.”
Tony smirked, as if he could see exactly where Steve’s mind had gone.
He had just lifted the ledgers from the cabinet shelf, when he suddenly let out a gasp, the books thumping to the floor as his hands flew to his left side. A horrible grimace passed over his face, and Tony felt a sensation like a poniard pierce through his chest. Steve caught himself a moment later, his arms dropping so quickly that the motion sent another wince across his features, but it wasn’t fast enough to stop the horrible idea coalescing in Tony’s mind.
“Thank you all for coming this evening.”
But losing this round didn’t mean Tony was going to stop deflecting. He was certainly not, for example, going to reflect on why he had saved all of the photos from Steve’s road trip onto his backup drives – or to examine whether his motivations for doing so might perhaps go deeper than his stated aim: to make a slide presentation, entitled “Why Cap Needs a Personal Shopper,” to be shown at the next Avengers meeting. He knew better to pull on that particular thread. Pepper had told him he was reckless with his safety, but even Tony understood that if brushing against the doorknob burns your fingers, you leave that door firmly closed – because chances are everything on the other side is on fire.
“Start the new year as you mean to continue!” he proclaimed.
“They slipped by all our networks,” Natasha pointed out. “I gathered intel for decades and never heard the name.”
Steve paused for a moment, consulting his mental map and sniffing the air.
He nodded toward Strange, who arranged a stack of papers on the podium with a flourish.
“Don’t you dare ‘okay’ me, you bastard,” Tony growled, dropping out of sight in what Steve assumed was an effort to gain leverage at the bottom of the door. “We are not doing that right now.”
“All right, losers,” Tony said. “Let’s see the runners up.”
"After you? Why? What the fuck! You can't just push me around. Please. James - James! Please."
He didn’t have a chance to tell her so, because just then an alert sounded from both of their SHIELD communicators.
He’d have to try again the next morning: no point speculating when fewer than twenty-four hours stood between him and knowing whether some key to his professional salvation was or wasn’t sitting in the basement of an aging Gothic library in Brooklyn. The sensible thing to do would be to put it out of his mind and get back to the midterms he’d promised his American History II students last Friday.
They were almost out the door when it happened.
“Seriously? Now?” Sam asked, at the same time that Rhodey let out a sarcastic, “Wow.”
“See, I told you: never mind.”
“Steve!” he yelled back. “I’m in here!”
“All right, Rumlow and I will enter the building on my mark,” Steve said.
“It’s too nice, Tony,” Steve said.
“You’re doing this,” he accused her. “Are you a –?” He reached out and touched her shoulder experimentally, and she rolled her eyes as his fingers made contact with the fabric of her robe.
“Iron Man?” Steve called.
“Fine, okay. I think I’ll just go help him get oriented then,” Tony replied. “Show him the ropes a bit.”
"You'd better call me James, then. You're sure you're not hurt, right? You still feel okay?"
“Anyway, sorry to interrupt you,” he said quickly. “You’ve got work to do, and I’ve got to go make sure everything’s on track upstairs. I’ll uh – I’ll have Bruce come get you when dinner’s ready.”
Tony let out a sound that could have been the start of a sob or a hysterical laugh.
of room to protect it?”
"What's odd about it?" Pepper clicked through a complicated-looking spreadsheet.
“You betrayed them all, including Skye.” Ward’s hand gave a visible twitch. “And she wanted me to tell you: she knows you’re HYDRA. She knows you killed Victoria Hand. And she hates your fucking guts.”
“I keep a special eye out for you too,” he continued, his heart fluttering as Tony leaned just slightly into his touch. “And while we’re being honest, I may have been exaggerating just a little bit about how long it took me to get this out of your hair.”
“Don’t you dare come out of there, Odinson. This is finally happening. And if they get spooked and go back to making puppy eyes at each other, I will personally disembowel whoever is responsible.”
“He’s out,” Natasha said a moment later, tapping Clint's shoulder, and the two of them looked down to see Tony’s unconscious form sprawled on the ground – one of his hands still stretched toward Clint’s foot. “Time for round two.”
Steve swam forward to peer through the window on the door, and now he could see water rushing in from the other side as well. Natasha would have been moving slower with Tony’s weight to carry. If they hadn’t made it to the deck before the second explosion…
Tony swore viciously.
“What happened to you, Rogers?” Tony muttered to himself.
“We’re okay, JARVIS,” Steve decided.
“That was different, Tony,” Steve shook his head. “You weren’t responsible for Killian. But Bucky – I left him. I got him into a fight, and I didn’t get him out of it. I can’t do that again.”
“My apologies again, friends,” Thor beamed at them, tipping an extra pour of New Holland Ichabod into Bruce’s glass. “But the resulting explosion was quite spectacular.”
“Hey, man, it’s really starting to come down out there,” he said apologetically. “Boss says we’ve got to close up shop.”
“I could say the same thing to you, pal,” a voice said behind him, and Tony whirled around, gun raised.
Tony hadn't been to the gym in an embarrassingly long time, but when everything else failed, sometimes that shot of endorphins would ease him into an emotional state approximating what Bruce assured him other people experienced as “patience.” If it didn't, at least the day wouldn't be a complete waste.
“Two.” Rumlow gripped the back of Tony’s head and shoved the tub into place. Tony let out a strangled sound.
am I looking so fuckable,” Tony answered, trying to shape the tension in his voice into something more like disdain than nervousness, “and the answer is: ‘I am always fuckable, and it’s never for you.’”
You know, the reason the Classics department isn’t allowed to meet without a mediator? These are not the actions of a man of peace. You don’t call for curriculum review in the Year of Our Accelerating Institutional Austerity, 2018 unless you want to see blood on the walls.”
“Ten goddamn hours, that’s how long,” Tony replied. He poured water into a Dixie cup and set it on Steve’s side table with enough force to rattle the top drawer. “Five hours of surgery to sew up the organs HYDRA pulverized – followed by thirty minutes of chest compressions and defibrillators, which was fun for the whole fucking family – and then four and a half hours for me to sit here and think of new ways to tell you what a hypocritical, pigheaded son of a bitch you are.”
“Skye didn’t find the footage that Ward brought you,” Coulson confirmed gently. “I think he probably leaked it on Garrett’s orders to get access to you –”
Tony's teeth clenched so hard they ached. "We've met…"
It was like getting his lungs full of oxygen after years of shallow breathing.
Bruce had carved a meteor shower illuminated with candlelight; Natasha a delicately abstract series of flickering ballerinas; Clint a flock of birds that seemed to wink in and out of flight as the candle guttered; and Thor a somewhat lumpy Jane (again).
“Obie sold me out,” Tony grimaced, “at the least. At worst…well, you did say HYDRA likes to work from within.”
He turned finally to face Tony, his features smoothed into an expression that might have appeared neutral to a less interested observer. But Tony had first met Steve when he was reed-thin, pale as a sheet, and brawling with a soldier the size of a ballista. He knew the softened brow lines that meant Steve was at ease. And he knew the widened stance and angled arms that meant Steve was holding something at bay.
“You told me to get out of there!” Tony grinned.
Upon waking up, Tony became aware of three facts in the following order: (1) he was cold, (2) there was an IV line pulling at the skin of his left arm, and (3) Steve Rogers was hunched over his hospital bed looking absolutely awful.
Steve’s heart did a horrible flip-flop in his chest, his stomach churning with a mixture of hope and terror.
Tony slid a business card across the table to her.
“An apt joke, Stark,” she replied with a smile, “because like the fictional spirits of old, I’m here to give you a warning and to save you from a horrible, lonely death.”
"Oh. Uh." Dr. Grant seemed oddly embarrassed by it. "Ms. Parker is very kind."
“It’s not because of the team,” Tony continued, in case he had interpreted Steve’s expression correctly. “Well, it’s not only because of the team. Mostly it’s me. I know I’m not…easy for people to care about. I got my convoy bombed, got kidnapped and tortured, poisoned by the thing I invented to save my life – oh and didn’t tell anyone, that was a real crowd pleaser. Then after flying a nuke into space I picked a fight with a terrorist on cable news. You’ll be happy to know you weren’t the only one pissed about that little stunt. But even that wasn’t enough to drive her away.”
“Great work today, everyone,” he said loudly. “In fact, let’s reward ourselves. We’ll circle back to these questions on Thursday. Everyone go take a nap or start that paper that’s due tomorrow or grab a soft serve or something.”
Grant frowned. "What is your problem with me?"
“Nonsense,” Tony said evenly, pitching his reply to both Steve and Rhodes. “There was no question of staying behind and letting my marshal have all the glory again. Besides, I have it on good authority that seeing me ride out in my armor fills my subjects with very fine feelings.”
“In position right next to you, probably doing lasting damage to my knees trying to crouch this long,” Tony stage-whispered, “ready to launch your star-spangled ass through a window because you think ‘tactical strike’ rhymes with ‘human projectile.’”
is in danger. Why are you suddenly refusing to give me
“Who am
The swirling of the room had bubbled up into a rush of giddiness, and Steve felt a smile break out across his face. Tony finally looked up at him, and something about Steve’s expression must have set off a similar sensation, because when he reached up to brush Steve’s cheek, his fingers shook.
----------------
“We are looking for brave recruits for an epic contest of wits and skill!” Thor announced. He clapped a hand on Clint’s shoulder, sending him into a momentary stagger, and then hauled him back upward by the fabric of his shirt.
arm! You’d already hurt it when they blitzed you in the third quarter, and now you what? You punched some asshole and broke it?! You’re only halfway through the season. Your senior year —”
Whatever the drug had been, it was still making him groggy as he woke up to the fist tangled in his hair. He could hear a muffled shout of protest coming from a few feet away, and he jerked instinctively toward the familiar voice before he felt something metal jammed into his nose.
Tony was backing out of the elevator as he spoke, but instead of relaxing, the band across Steve’s chest pinched tighter with every step. Steve tried to force some word of apology past the mounting pressure (
“And you’re sure you’re not confusing intuition with avoidance behavior?” Bruce pressed.
Steve woke to the pressure of two callused fingertips resting against his carotid artery: the first touch he’d felt in days that wasn’t aiming to bruise or shred. It took a few moments to adjust his eyes to the shaft of fluorescent light falling in from the open door to his cell, but Steve already knew whose hands were brushing across his neck.
They’d needed the full stack of blankets when they first arrived at the hunting cabin. Both of them had been bruised, a little battered, and near-hypothermic after a freak blizzard had forced a change in the extraction plan for their last mission: a particularly painful downgrade from “feet warmers and hot coffee on the quinjet” to “four-hour search through the woods for any signs of human habitation.” But Steve, who had never quite succeeded in hiding how tense cold-weather ops made him, had needed the signs of warmth even more than Tony. If the shivers rattling his teeth as he searched the yard for fallen branches hadn’t been proof enough, the fact that he’d let Tony volunteer to start the fire would have clinched it.
“It was just sitting on the counter,” Tony admitted, “which means whoever put it here has access to the override codes for the building’s security system.”
"Well, anyway… I just -" Dr. Grant waved vaguely. They stared at each other for a moment. Dr. Grant gestured at the chest press machine. "Need a spot?" he asked, too sweetly.
“When you sign up to be an Avenger, no one warns you about doing overtime as a falafel mule,” Bruce had mused, leaning back to let Natasha steal a fry off his plate.
Tony barely had time to take in that incomprehensible information before an alert pinged on the suit’s display.
“Fine. I’ll tell my therapist to set aside some time to unpack my memorabilia fetish, Sugar Bear,” Tony promised with faux seriousness, “but honestly it’s probably going to be some time before we get to it, what with all the genocidal aliens and nuclear warheads floating around in there. Not to mention a whole lot of other sexually confusing experiences I had in the dorm room in question –”
“You should call him,” Wanda agreed, handing Steve a small plastic cup of water. “There’s no need for you both to suffer this much.”
, or I will start removing digits,” Natasha said evenly.
“A, I never overreact,” Tony retorted, setting his drink on a nearby bookcase so he could count the points emphatically on his fingers. “B, in the fifteen minutes since we arrived, I have: one, gotten caught checking out his ass; two, tried to cause a distraction by doing tequila shots; three, spilled said tequila shots on his pants; and four, gotten caught glaring at Torrance Shipman Redux over there when she offered to help him clean the pants in question.”
“Stay behind me. We’re headed for evac across the building.”
“We’re going to take a few more minutes in small groups,” Tony announced to the class, already pulling up the blog in question. “If you’ve finished your two questions, try to come up with a bonus question that links today’s topic to a piece of pop culture - the more obscure the better.”
"Fair point." Grant walked around behind Tony's car. "He's pretty well stuck."
Of course Tony sounded breezy, Steve reminded himself.
“Tony?”
The fifth time Steve called them all to the kitchen to go back over the latest reports, Tony announced that he couldn’t take Steve pacing around like a stressed cat anymore. And since the team could wait for a phone call just as easily while having fun as they could while treading thin spots in his carpet, Tony ordered three hours a day of team Super Smash Brothers to blow off steam. They broke two controllers and one precariously placed lamp in the days that followed. But the promised deadline came and went without any detectable activity from the Mandarin.
In the end, Tony was too impatient to wait long enough to call the library back. He’d hoped that the rare workout at the gym would set him up for an equally rare eight hours of sleep, but despite what was shaping up to be a truly epic case of delayed-onset muscle soreness, rest had refused to come. The final straw came at 6:00 AM, when Tony woke up in a cold sweat from a recurring nightmare that the college was making him repeat his dissertation defense. Except this time, one of his committee members had been replaced by Dr. Grant, clad in a pair of tweed shorts that left even less to the imagination than his workout apparel. After lying awake for a half hour staring at the ceiling in a state of frustration that was only 50% sexual (65%
“Well then you’re officially one of us,” Tony replied, trying to add a quick smile to smooth over his abrupt departure. “Thanks for the coffee - and the one-man AAA roadside rescue. I owe you a drink...in a totally professional way. Something extremely neutral and workplace-appropriate: the Men’s Warehouse of drinks, if you will.”
Tony broke eye contact, his shoulders twitching partway toward a shrug. Sensing he’d made about as much progress toward convincing Tony of the truth as he could reasonably expect to make, Steve decided to beat a tactical retreat.
“Flowers,” Tony repeated slowly, his face going abruptly blank.
“Yes, well, I took the absolutely unprecedented step of asking her if she’d like to go out some time,” she replied, arching one eyebrow at him meaningfully. “You might give that a try next time you’re tempted to hurl tequila across the room to get Steve's attention.”
“I can’t talk about any of this over the phone,” Rhodey replied. “But just take my word for it: you don’t know what you’re dealing with here. This shit is dangerous. Promise me you’ll drop it until I can talk to you somewhere secure.”
, Tony had announced during a disciplinary hearing that Fury tried very hard to forget,
“I have a solid lead on Barnes. FRIDAY picked out his biometric scans from some surveillance feeds in Bucharest. I can have you on the jet to Romania as soon as you’re ready.”
Steve shook Ward’s hand, and Thor walked with him toward the elevators, one hand clapped on the agent’s shoulder.
“Shit,” he swore, trying not to count the prone forms in the bottom of the frame.
"Well -" May leaned forward conspiratorially "- I was cleaning up around the fountain drinks, and I had a whole tray of glasses. I tripped over a chair leg that was stuck out, and the whole thing went up in the air! I didn't even know he was behind me, but he caught the whole damn tray, Tony. It was amazing. Not a single glass broken."
“What?”
"Stop trying to get me a date, May. You know you're the only one for me."
“Dancing it out with a bunch of assholes!” Clint replied, extending a hand to Natasha, who rolled her eyes but joined him nonetheless. She touched one finger gingerly to the edge of Clint’s black eye and then took his hand to set him up for a twirl.
“Tony,” he said.
“What are you doing, Barton?” Tony asked.
Jeffrey Mace’s voice echoed down the hallway, reminding Tony that he had lingered in the lecture hall for a dangerously long period of time. Taking a long drag from his now-cold coffee cup to fortify himself, he made a bee-line for the exit and headed for the faculty parking lot before he could be forced to come up with another polite version of, “Thank you for thinking of me, but I’d rather be slowly pressed to death with the weight of my own lecture notes.”
It wasn’t the first time since moving into the Tower that he’d found Tony passed out in a position that suggested his condition of rest had not been achieved voluntarily. Just last week, Steve had come across Tony in the garage working on repairs to an old Shelby Mustang, and he’d made it halfway through a rehearsed speech asking the pair of legs sticking out from under the car whether they’d like to go to dinner sometime before he realized that Tony had fallen asleep on the dolly, a wrench still tucked in his hand.
, Simmons had finished. Steve was already working it into position against the strap pinning his right wrist – he just needed a little bit more time.
to last a lifetime of battle,” Rhodes said firmly. “It was a terrible risk.”
“Shooting an unarmed man, Stark?” he asked. “That’s not exactly your style.”
is that a nasty little drawer of secrets!”
Grant took his jacket off. "Okay. You drive forward, I'll push."
And, of course, Steve could hardly have done any research into his potential client without seeing headlines about the man’s extracurricular exploits. After skimming a
“Et tu, Brute?” Tony mock-gasped, pressing one hand to his heart. “My will is being flouted at every turn.”
“Pepper runs your company,” Natasha retorted.
“I get it,” Tony said instead. “Don’t worry. You’re going to get him back.”
“I’m going to stop you right there,” Coulson interrupted, and it really was remarkable how he managed to cut off all possibility of future speech without changing either his volume or his position. “Because I have to ask, first, what earthly explanation you might offer for having hacked into another department’s calendar to look at Dr. Grant’s teaching schedule in the first place.”
Dr. Grant stilled, startled, then frowned at Tony. "Dr. Stark…" He folded his hands in his lap. "Good afternoon."
“Let me go!” Steve yelled, jabbing at Natasha’s midsection with his elbow while he wrestled the gun back toward his head.
dealing with that worry by paying a small fortune on Ebay for a set of his favorite, discontinued colored pencils so that you could pretend you accidentally found them at GoodWill.
“So lost and so clueless.” Natasha shook her head. “Maybe they’ll get there eventually. But people these days have lost the spirit somehow. They’re so afraid to take the leap – to make a real commitment.”
turned to find one of his puppy-esque honors students bouncing eagerly at his side. This particular student happened to be the nephew of the chef who supplied his pie, so he pushed back his hanger and turned on the charm. "Well, if it isn't Mr. Parker? How's your primary-source analysis coming along?"
One hand later, Tony was slipping the waist of his pants slowly over his hips. Two hands later, Steve was using more muscles to remove a pair of socks than Tony had known the human body to contain. When Tony retaliated by rolling up his sleeves before peeling off his own socks, Steve ripped his belt off with a speed that made Tony feel like the armor had taken a blow to the head. By the time Tony shimmied his way out of his dress shirt, Bruce had to pretend to bump into the table before Tony remembered there were other people in the room.
"I hear you earned pie in exchange for a positively ballet-like drinking-glass save."
“So I ‘got blitzed’ right on the verge of ‘clinching’ the conference championship, huh?” Steve asked. “I could have sworn you said we had just finished the Hot Pockets Bowl.”
But that wasn’t the important thing, Tony reminded himself. The important thing was:
“Oh I see what you did there,” Tony replied. “Very pithy stuff. You get that off a fortune cookie?”
“Please don’t be a list of secret lovers,” he whispered fervently. And then he peeked inside.
“Yes, sir,” Dr. Grant replied, and Coulson’s eyebrows bobbed upward ever so slightly at the honorific. “I wanted to draw the faculty’s attention to the use of gendered language in section two of the handbook. If you’ll turn to the passage in question…”
Steve took the phone, his fingers brushing slightly against Tony’s as he did. Even that small contact sent pins and needles up his arm, and the question of whether to risk a hug was decided on the spot.
Harrison seemed unable to answer, his hands clutched to the side of his head as he doubled over in pain.
“For fuck’s sake, Steve: you’re the one who shot me.”
Taking a moment to estimate distances from the reflections in the tub, Tony fired one shot at the metal tray Steve had thrown at Ward and then spun in the opposite direction. As the HYDRA guards pivoted toward the clatter of the tray, Tony ducked into a crouch and picked them off with two quick squeezes of the trigger.
Which was perhaps something they had in common, Tony allowed, accepting his coffee in what must be the only campus office currently in use.
“You’re breaking my heart, Rogers,” Tony said with a grin. “I thought you were starting to love our hot dates with the paranormal.”
“You don’t think I’m trying?” Tony broke in, a sharp pang of hurt metabolizing rapidly into simmering anger. “This looks like giving up to you? Because I only fight for myself, right? Well fuck you, Cap. You think I don’t care that you had to watch an agent die in your arms because I didn’t get there fast enough?”
It was just this sort of behavior that had landed Tony in trouble with the FBI in the first place. Initially, Assistant Director Fury had been thrilled when MIT-prodigy Tony Stark abandoned his third graduate degree to join the Bureau at age twenty-five. Howard Stark, Tony’s father and the longtime head of the Science and Technology branch, had just been found dead in his locked bedroom with a bullet in his skull, and Fury hoped that the younger Stark might be interested in picking up where his father left off. Four case reports, six angry phone calls, and one out-of-court settlement later, Fury had learned the hard way that Tony was not interested in
Steve paused for a moment, his jaw still clenching like he was working over something painful in his throat. Then he reached up and squeezed the gauntlet on his shoulder, his grip strong enough for Tony to feel it through the metal.
“None taken,” Steve said with a small smile.
were going to make a fool of yourself,” he managed finally, the experience of dozens of teen-magazine interviews rising up to lend the words a light, self-deprecating touch. “Just walk into the party with me: you’re guaranteed to be upstaged.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve gasped. “God, Tony, I’m so sorry.”
“Sir, there are multiple vehicles converging on this location,” JARVIS said. “They are marked as law enforcement, but I suspect –”
Because truth be told, the event had turned chaotic long before Steve had gotten involved. As soon as Tony had announced that Stark Industries was going to be phasing out weapons development and diverting resources to a clean energy program, the room had erupted in flashbulbs and shouted questions. Tony’s friend Colonel Rhodes had shuffled uneasily out of parade rest, Pepper had clutched her clipboard hard enough to turn her fingers white, and – in Steve’s defense – no one had previously introduced him to the broad-shouldered man he’d just knocked backward into a podium.
“Yeah, and you love it,” Tony nodded. “That’s like…your number one turn on.”
Tony took a minute to throw his books and notepads haphazardly into his bag and then cleaned off the chalkboard with one hand while he pulled up the photos of his dad’s notebook on his phone with the other. By the time he walked out of the room, he was already swiping over to the final page - the one he’d transcribed as “making a new shield.”
"Well, that's good because -" she winced "- I kind of gave away your slice…"
Tony didn’t feel like he could risk any further response of his own, because some part of his brain had started rambling out increasingly unhelpful suggestions like, “stand up so he can see the pants in action,” and who knew what would come out if he opened his mouth again.
"Normally takes new faculty at least two months to be chased out of the student-center gym by grade change requests."
Steve’s jaw muscles gave a spasm.
“Three.”
“Well, point B certainly proves point A,” Pepper remarked dryly. “And you don’t need to worry about Sharon.”
Tony’s face broke into a broad grin, the hummingbirds in his chest flickering like a string of Christmas lights.
“Only about a dozen times a day during my final year of grad school,” Tony responded. “Though to be fair, that was more of an escape route than a research plan.”
The trust in Steve’s eyes was almost too much for Tony to take in. His throat tightened around any of the words he could have said in return, so instead he leaned forward and kissed Steve again, slowly and deliberately this time, as if he could make every press of his lips into a promise: I always will.
“Well, Rogers,” Tony said finally, “I’ve tried to break the news about your fashion sense gently…”
“Somehow I find that criticism loses its sting coming from you,” Steve replied. He hesitated briefly and then cautiously wrapped Tony’s hand in his. “I didn’t say anything because I’ve never had any expectations. You’re the king and I’m – well, I know who I am. But if you would let me, I swear: I would be whatever you need.”
Steve tried his best to ignore the traitorous flutter in his stomach.
“Sabrina the Teenage Witch,” Tony greeted her. “Still sneaking up on people to scare the shit out of them I see.”
“You know I’m right,” Steve replied. “Zemo has been moving us in this direction.”
Well, he
Maybe Tony had felt something similar, because as soon as he and Fitz returned to the common room, his eyes had searched for Steve.
“Not sure what survived the explosion. I had to jump to avoid a grenade,” Steve heard Rumlow saying.
He was startled out of his reverie by the pinging sound of a calendar alert from his computer. He pivoted on top of the desk to check the monitor and swore violently. Shit. In his excitement over his father’s notebook, Tony had completely forgotten that the application for summer research funding was due by midnight - and so far, all Tony had was a completely unusable first line: “You know who I am.”
“I’m going to head to bed,” Steve said abruptly, tearing his eyes away from Tony’s forearms as he stood up. “Gotta know when your luck has turned.”
And that was probably more of a revelation than a race to lose at strip poker merited, but Tony couldn’t regret it, because a totally new expression had bloomed over Steve’s face. As Steve leaned down and pressed their foreheads together, one finger tracing the line of Tony’s jaw, Tony tried to memorize it. Tell: the smile that meant Steve Rogers was happy.
“Second,” Tony continued, “you’re all being evicted. Consider this your notice to vacate.”
“Will you stop trying to scare me and help me get the doors open?”
“This isn’t going to be another ‘21 Reasons Why Nikola Tesla Could Get It’ saga, is it?” Bruce asked, wearing an expression that Tony found to be melodramatically long-suffering. “Because I have exams to grade.”
“You know what you look like with that goofy smile on your face.”
“Yeah, well, the last time I took a break, a bunch of fake terrorists showed up to try to kill me, Barton got shot, and Cap took a header from a helicopter. So forgive me if I’m not feeling terribly relaxed,” Tony snipped.
Tony sighed, rubbing at the bridge of his nose, and for a moment Steve saw the flicker of a different face – another sweep of brown hair – as someone reached down to pull him up from the alley pavement.
Steve swallowed around the lump in his throat.
Something about the way Tony had said the word “trapped” set off an alarm at the back of Steve’s mind, and he frowned as he reconsidered the frantic beat of Tony’s fingers against the metal rail.
Tony’s voice was rough with anger, but his hands were gentle as they ran over Steve’s body, looking for injuries. He plucked the bobby pin away from the charred sleeve and burnt skin at Steve’s wrist. Then he made his way down to the sharp pain in his calf.
“Of course,” Steve acknowledged.
“JARVIS, throw it on the big screen,” Tony said.
“What’s going on?” Rumlow groused, but Steve could see Ward’s jaw clench.
"Every day that involves you is odd."
Tony narrowed his eyes as he watched her twirl the discarded sweater in a few graceful circles with her wrist. Noticing his glare, she gave him the tiniest of smirks, her head inclining across the table. Tony followed its direction and saw that Bruce was staring openly, mouth hanging slightly ajar, cards lying untouched on the table.
“No!” Tony gasped, trying to lurch toward Steve’s shoe. But Natasha grabbed Steve’s wrist and dragged him backward.
“We have to find out what happened in the other attacks. We need to know if there’s any chance Tony – if they’re still alive,” Steve said, unable to dislodge the urgency of that thought even in the face of the hundred questions raised by HYDRA’s resurgence and Coulson’s reappearance.
Tony twirled his cards between his thumb and index finger, doing his best to pass off the sudden firing of his nerves as indecision over his hand. Steve had leaned back in his chair, but his eyes hadn’t left Tony’s, and whatever look Tony had caught a glimpse of earlier was fixed in place now, making Tony feel vaguely like the arc reactor was overheating.
James wrinkled his forehead in confusion, and Tony judged that his chances for making a graceful exit were plummeting by the second, so he opted for a jaunty salute and then pivoted toward the door.
“Everyone?” Steve winced.
“Yep,” Steve answered, leaning down to kiss Tony’s forehead. “I love that you make messes,” a kiss on the right cheek, “I love that you invite messes to move in,” a kiss on the left cheek, “I love that since I met you, you’ve made every mess of mine your mess too,” a final kiss – as gentle as Steve could make it – on Tony’s lips. “I love you, Tony.”
“Jesus, Tony, you think that’s how I feel? No one could have gotten there faster. I should have —” Steve broke off and gripped the table again. Tony wasn’t sure he even knew he was leaving dents in the metal. “I saw Harrison’s nose was bleeding and I didn’t think to check for an injection. Then he tried to tell me something in the warehouse – asked me to turn my comms off – and now I keep wondering: if I had heard what he was going to say, could I have saved him?”
“Okay, new final point: you’re fired. Again,” Tony said. “Ow! Ow! Fine, Romanov. Jesus, you’re a menace.”
His chest constricted horribly, and he could hear the heart monitors next to him start to wail in alarm. Steve had locked himself in with exactly the death he must have feared the most, and Tony had led him right to it, and – fuck. He couldn’t breathe.
The urge to gulp for air was becoming desperate, and Steve felt one hand jerk involuntarily toward his throat as he swam. The pressure in his chest was almost the only sensation he could feel now, and he remembered how his limbs had gradually gone dead as he lay pinned against the deck of the Valkyrie, the metal and water squeezing his torso until he screamed and a glacier flowed into his lungs.
He waggled his eyebrows and ran one finger suggestively down Steve’s chest.
Harrison’s eyes struggled to focus on him, and Steve swore quietly to himself as he heard the sounds of more gunmen approaching down the hall.
“Oh it’s my song!” Clint called out.
“Is that supposed to make me feel better?” Tony snapped. “Happy, call Dr. Cho and tell her we’re sending a helicopter to pick her up.”
He couldn’t imagine who would be outside his apartment at 4:00 AM on Christmas morning, but he shoved his feet into his slippers and padded over to open the door. The sight that greeted him – a somewhat bleary-looking Steve Rogers, his hair mussed on one side – caused a momentary, traitorous flutter in Tony’s chest.
to be wrong – because Tony had fallen silent.
“Now?” Tony mused. “I guess I mostly just dream about rest.”
"I really think you're in danger. My friend told me -"
“I just don’t understand how it ended up in your hair,” Steve mused.
“This is terrifying,” he admitted.
The rules of Human Flippy Cup turned out to be partly improvisational in nature, and Tony wasn’t sure whether it was Clint’s drunkenness, Thor’s enthusiasm, or his own distraction that made it so hard to figure out the goals of the “shots or somersaults” portion of the competition. He hadn’t actually had that much to drink — other than the aborted tequila shot and two chugged beers during what Clint called the “Boy-Band Lightning Round," Tony had been nursing the same Solo cup all night — but he was feeling increasingly tired and sick to his stomach.
“A big hulking guy like you can’t budge them?” Tony asked, one eyebrow raised. “What do you expect me to do? Sweet talk them? I’m going to check out the second floor.”
“I feel like we’re getting off track here,” Tony said quickly. “The point is that I survived, clearly. And a few minor safety incidents didn’t stop me from saving half the Eastern Seaboard while running a multi-billion-dollar corporation.”
“What I do with my social life is none of your business,” Tony said evenly.
“In the flesh,” she confirmed. “Well – in a manner of speaking, of course. Once a year I get to shuffle back on the mortal coil so I can help a couple of lost souls like yourselves.”
“What trade?” he demanded.
“Shoot,” he told his partner, digging into the bag of dried fruit Tony was rattling in his direction.
“The soldier?” Tony demanded. “He was a private in the U.S. army.”
“Is this an interrogation?”
Pepper was in the middle of giving him a fond eye roll when her expression froze, and a moment later Tony realized why: the last voice on Earth that he ever wanted to hear was calling his name over his left shoulder.
“All right,” he said grimly. “We’ve got four hours to turn me into HYDRA bait before I have to rendez-vous. Let’s get to work.”
Of course, the sight of Tony hanging over Steve’s shoulder still attracted the attention of their teammates, who were in the process of cleaning up dinner when Steve toted Tony into the kitchen. It was perhaps because of their varying degrees of fussing (Bruce) and catcalling (Clint) that Tony had decided he needed to regain his dignity with a series of declarations, the first of which he finished right before Steve deposited him gently but firmly into a dining-room chair.
“I know how much you’ve invested in this project, Tony,” Bruce said gently, “but it’s just like the dissertation. At some point, you have to stop inventing new reasons that it’s not done and just call it. Eventually, it’s as good as it’s going to get.”
Steve grimaced. He should have suspected this was about Malibu. It had been hard enough convincing Tony to let the SHIELD contingent of the Avengers accompany him to California after the incident with Happy and the threats from the Mandarin. Tony had tried to downplay the danger, but after Thor had let slip that he’d used the hammer to restart Tony’s heart, Steve had been feeling particularly stubborn about the issue. And when Tony’s house had indeed been attacked, Steve had felt so relieved that Tony hadn’t been alone to fend off the assault that he must have missed the signs that Tony was blaming himself for the leg injury Clint had sustained in the fight.
Tony took a moment to compose himself, making sure he was truly focused on driving, then pulled back out onto the empty street. He drove exceptionally slowly, Grant puttering on behind him, but the lack of blowing ice pellets made everything much easier. It wasn't long before Tony was pulling into his parking spot.
Steve broke off, easing the tightness in his voice with a swig of beer.
If the contrast between the song and the scene struck the lone occupant of the car as ominous, his face didn’t show it. Not that anyone had ever accused Special Agent Tony Stark of having the stoic demeanor typical for a man in his line of work (indeed, most of the critical notes in his FBI records were variations on the theme of “stunning lack of professional decorum”). But at the moment, Tony’s short bursts of energy appeared to be focused almost exclusively on a small flip phone and a bag of dried blueberries. Each glance down at the phone was followed by a quick shot of blueberries or a rapid beating of fingers across the bottom of the steering wheel – the cycle proceeding according to some internal rhythm that seemed incompatible with the tempo of holiday radio.
“Fine,” he told Clint, taking a gulp from his drink to fortify himself. “Sign me up for ‘Highway to Hell.’”
“I saw the PowerPoint, Tony,” Steve smirked. “I bought two more pairs after that meeting just to let you know how much of an impression you made with that, ‘Dockers: A Human Tragedy’ slide.”
“Full house,” Tony announced, laying down a king and a queen.
Steve could see Tony’s eyes widen as he followed Happy’s gaze and spied the dark splotch spreading across Steve’s shirt.
"Definitely not." Parker's eyes went wide and pleading, looking like a combination between an iPhone emoji and Puss in Boots. Tony expected violin music to start swelling any minute.
“I’m more of a Muy-Thai-and-calisthenics guy,” Tony replied.
Steve allowed himself a quick clasp of Tony’s arm before he slipped back out of the car. It was for the best, he told himself. Tony hadn’t been sleeping very well, and God knew the man needed a holiday. But when Steve closed the passenger door behind him, he heard an echoing slam from the driver’s side and turned to see Tony walking toward the house.
One block: he should never have let Tony talk him into leaving the rest of the security team in D.C. If Tony would just take the threats
After another moment of silence, Steve cleared his throat, searching for some way to assure Tony that he wouldn’t have to deal with any more outbursts of feeling from Steve.
Tony tapped a few times at the edge of the lectern, waiting for a gradual quiet to fall over the fourth floor of the library, where a group of colleagues and a few over-eager students had gathered for his much-postponed talk.
“It’s okay, Steve,” Tony said, trying for a smile as he clapped a gauntleted hand carefully on Steve’s shoulder.
It also felt like another goddamn dead end.
Tony huffed with frustration. He tapped his fingers idly on the keys. No one would know… if he just… peeked. His misspent youth had to come in handy sometimes, right? And unlike hacking his dad's email at thirteen to try to delete the confirmation emails sent by some rather questionable websites he may have tried to pretend to be eighteen to sign up for, this would be a stealth mission. Pop in, find out when Dr. Grant would be too busy to attend Tony's talk, pop out.
“So what are you doing about it?” Natasha asked, returning to the footage but propping her feet up on Steve’s lap. “What’s your strategy?”
“First words in a week, and that’s what you want to talk about?” Tony demanded, his eyes darting fiercely back and forth across Steve’s face before his gaze turned abruptly flat. “Fine, business as usual. I’ll have my nuclear physicist call your ex-assassin, and we’ll draw up a game plan.” He paused, his jaw working as if he were chewing on something hard. “For the
!” Clint’s voice yelled from inside the room next to them.
Steve didn’t move from his position until the door closed behind the marshal, and when he did it was not to return Tony’s gaze but to busy himself with adjusting the folds of a nearby tapestry. It had once been a favorite of Queen Maria’s: a forest scene, with a somber woman in blue and gold bent over a harp. And as it had barely been touched since the day that she died, it seemed an unlikely item to require Steve’s immediate attention.
When the volume finally came back up, the first thing Tony registered was the sound of someone very quietly swearing at an espresso machine.
He started to make an about face toward the door, but Tony caught his arm and held him in place.
He ended the call and slid off the counter, bouncing on the balls of his feet.
“In Malibu, I assume. That’s where she usually is these days. We broke up a while ago. It’s okay, Cap.” Tony added the last part quickly, clearly sensing some of the guilty pressure building in Steve’s chest. “It was bound to happen eventually. I’ll always love Pep like crazy, and she’s saved my life in more ways than one. But I think she always hoped I would walk away from this some day. I was never going to be able to give her what she wanted.”
- and it seemed to consist of somewhat crank-ish deep dives into lost or failed inventions. Tony quickly scanned the entry about his father and saw a few words he’d come across before (“vibranium” and “vita radiation”), at least one word that seemed to stretch the bounds of credulity (“slinky”), and a concluding sentence that sent an instant shot of adrenaline running through his system.
“Tony, I don’t care!” Steve tried to put in.
“That way,” he gestured down the hall to their right.
He watched Tony’s face go from confused to hurt to angry as he spoke, all the gentleness disappearing from his features.
“I’ll call,” Tony said, drumming his fingertips on the table. Steve finally broke eye contact to look down at the movement, and Tony watched in disbelief as his jaw somehow set even further: like concrete getting pressed into granite.
“The police tried to take the shooter into custody, but he took some kind of poison,” Happy told them, holstering his gun as he walked over. “They called 911, but it doesn’t look like he’s going to make it.”
hear my father mentioned without threatening to beat a decorated war hero. And you must miss him sometimes. Tell you what. Because you’ve had a rough day, I’ll give you a freebie: tell me something you preferred about him. I’ve heard them all before.”
God, he was so fucked.
“We’ll talk it over,” Tony said, and he let the jibes and nicknames drop, because the words weren’t meant for Fury. Steve nodded, his jaw loosening slightly.
“Do it. Tony! Listen to me.” He clenched his jaw around a fresh wave of agony. “We just need enough of a current to fry the explosive without cooking my brain. The device could blow any second, and then I won’t be able to get you out.”
“No this
“Took you long enough to get out of that shirt,” Steve growled.
“I get my tech dragged and she gets chocolate?” Sam asked.
That part had been a mistake, Tony was willing to admit. If the reporters hadn’t caught him so soon after the mission – if he’d had time to drown the memory of Steve begging him to hurry with just a little bit more liquor. But the news crews had been camped outside the Tower the morning after, when Tony was still buzzing from pulling an all-nighter to avoid nightmares and childhood heroes. And when the first microphone was shoved in his face, Tony’s mouth had started running immediately.
“I live to please,” Tony replied. “The locals must have found the story suggestive too, because just over a decade after the neighbors they’d known as Charles and Natalie Rushman died, everyone in town was willing to swear – cross their true-blue American hearts and hope to meet Joe McCarthy in the afterlife – that the reason the next three owners of the house had fled the state was that every Christmas Eve, the former residents returned to recruit a pair of unsuspecting lovers and stage an encore performance of their romantic demise.”
“I’m afraid I can’t disclose that information,” Steve said, laying one hand on Tony’s shoulder to signal a pause while he scanned the perimeter of the room. “There are two very specific clauses in our contracts: no talking about former clients and no disclosing our personal opinions about Posh Spice.”
hold yourself accountable,” Steve objected. “You changed the whole direction of the company. You withdrew from standing contracts with the U.S. military.”
They were just starting to make their way toward the exit when Steve’s eyes suddenly froze on a stocky man with slicked-back hair: his shoes were too scuffed, his weight too far forward on the balls of his feet, and even from a distance, his right hand seemed to shake as it reached across his body. By the time something metallic glinted at the edge of the man’s jacket, Steve was already moving.
“Captain Rogers,” Ward replied. “You’ve already met our consultant, Skye. Ever since the Mandarin’s threat fell through she’s been watching the web for mentions of his name. Most of the chatter looks like run-of-the-mill conspiracy theories. But she found this anonymous video circulating on Reddit, and she wanted to be sure you saw it as soon as possible.”
“I am truly sorry for that part,” Coulson replied more softly. “I
“Excuse me? My what?” Tony replied. “I do not have a historical crush on Steve Rogers. I have a rigorous, methodologically innovative, and soon-to-be discipline-redefining
“It is very entertaining,” Thor affirmed, clapping a heavy hand on Tony’s shoulder. “I liked it almost as much as the video challenge Barton showed me for the Best Human Flails.”
dead. And then I wasn’t. It took me a long time to figure out what happened in between. Fury ordered me not to tell the Avengers, and I thought he must have his reasons. I know now that the secrecy was a mistake. I trusted the system, and the people who trusted me paid a price.”
And though no cross-examination the higher-ups could devise would ever drag the admission from him, Steve
“I do miss them,” Steve said quietly, and Tony stilled immediately. “Every day after SHIELD found me I wished Bucky would show up and give me hell for moping around. Sometimes I can almost hear him telling me to quit being a drama queen, and I wonder whether it’s better or worse that the serum will never let me forget what his voice sounded like. I still get a talking-to from Peggy sometimes, and I’m grateful. But she’s lived a whole life now, and I’m still stuck between two. We can’t seem to meet in the same time. Either she’s decades beyond me or she’s back in the past.”
“Not so fun when you’re on the other end, Stone?” Steve demanded, his voice almost unrecognizable.
Further back, a quicker fix: when Fury handed him the Winter Soldier’s files, he would drive straight to New York and tell Tony his suspicions. Even if Tony smiled when Steve walked out of the elevator – one of those thousand-watt grins that crinkled the lines around Tony’s eyes and squeezed a fist around Steve’s heart – Steve wouldn’t hesitate, wouldn’t be tempted to put it off until he had soaked up just a little more light. He would give himself no time to wonder whether those smiles could ever be his to keep.
Steve felt something turn over in his stomach, and for a moment he could almost see the lines of the email Tony had written him two months ago, before disappearing without his wallet or cell phone: “Don’t follow me.” A bounty hunter they’d been tracking had tried to abduct Steve the night before, and Steve’s shoulder had gotten hit with a bullet before he made it to safety. The doctors had insisted Steve be admitted over night – even though he tried to tell them he was a fast healer – and so he hadn’t gotten the email in time to stop Tony from going after the bounty hunter alone. When Steve finally caught up to his partner in a field hospital in Alaska, Tony was almost dead from exposure and hypothermia, his whole body racked with shivers as they hurried him into the heating tank.
?” the man echoed, “Who are
“Oh and Tony? If you hear any more whispering about Dr. Grant’s schedule, you can feel free to come straight back to me. I take a personal interest in the careers of our more vulnerable faculty members.”
“Unless someone wanted to set me up to take the fall,” Steve finished. “So that means –”
Steve paused for a moment, and Tony realized he had started drumming nervously on the back of the chair he had vacated, trying to wait to call the armor until Steve actually asked him to come.
It had been a hard mission. They’d prepared for it for what felt like months, only to end up with everything stacked against them that possibly could be. Sitting and waiting to learn the results, Tony felt like someone had turned his body into a tuning fork for anxiety.
Tony cursed silently as Pepper launched into her explanation of the disastrous board meeting, information that he had never wanted less than at this moment. Shouldn’t saving the city of New York buy you at least a few months of freedom from glad-handing a bunch of millionaires who couldn’t guess the price of a screwdriver if they had three chances each? He was going to take the whole team on vacation, deep undercover on an island somewhere. Bruce could get some color that wasn’t green. Thor had gone wild for that documentary about snorkeling, and Steve could –
“Yes, yes he’s wonderfully earnest, and he catches all kinds of fragile dinnerware while treating his advisees to unassailably populist brands of coffee, and we’re all very lucky I’m sure. The thing is, though, Phil...I was looking at the meeting calendar for the Fine Arts department, and I couldn’t help but notice that Dr. Grant has canceled five classes already this semester. And out of a concern for the value of our students’ education - and for the professional development of an esteemed junior colleague -”
“Whenever you need me,” Steve replied, then winced internally. Get a grip on yourself, Rogers. “I mean, right away if the team needs me. And soon either way. I just need a little bit of time to clear my head.”
“Wasn’t much of a fight,” Tony replied grimly. His fists clenched at the thought of Sitwell activating the device, the agony on Steve’s face as the explosive charged against his brain stem, the way his body had convulsed when Tony had thrown the switch that almost killed him –
“I’m sorry. Did you want to do this?” Tony retorted.
“Something Stern said at the hearing today has been bothering me,” Tony explained. “He mentioned Gulmira twice. It was almost like he wanted it on the record, which is weird, because hardly of the details of that operation are public knowledge. In fact, I only told three people that I had found your report: you, Pepper, and Obie. And I couldn’t think of any reason why bringing up that battle would
“You need to sleep,” Bruce retorted more firmly. “You’ve been in down here for days, and you’ve consumed enough of that –” he gestured at the open bottle of vodka “– to strip the paint off the quinjet.”
The warm sensation in Steve’s stomach cooled instantly, condensing into an icy weight that sank straight through his torso. Right. He and Tony were having sex. They weren’t cuddling on Tony’s couch or cooking dinner together or whatever people who were dating did at the end of a long day. That wasn’t Tony’s speed, Steve reminded himself firmly. Or maybe
“Spit it out, Nat.”
“In Asgard, one year lasts 7,000 Midgardian days,” Thor declared, now back from the kitchen and dipping three tater tots meditatively into a mixing bowl of ketchup, “and we celebrate the dawning of a new age by tapping a barrel of Ymir’s mead and bathing together in the blood of a newly conquered enemy.”
They stayed like that for a long moment, Tony’s arms gradually tightening as he pressed his forehead against Steve’s shoulder. Then Tony pulled back, his eyes moving rapidly across Steve’s face. He laid one hand over Steve’s heart, and something like a shiver passed over his features.
The detritus was years thick: Howard had never been able to let go of a single coffee tin or sheet of paper that bore any connection to his time working with the military. And until the day his father wrapped his car around a utility pole, it had remained unclear to Tony whether the fixation was in spite of the war’s negligible effect on his future prospects or because of it. Whatever the reason, Howard had continued to stockpile collections of junk in old office buildings or the garages of distant relatives: any place he thought might save them from his wife’s efforts to maintain household order. If he and Tony had had a better relationship - or any relationship, really - perhaps Tony might have someday learned why a box full of failed blueprints had mattered more to Howard Stark than his only child.
“You’re the target,” Steve shouted back. “Everyone is safer with you on the ground.”
“He will,” Steve replied simply, and in that moment his expression was clear and unworried.
Grant’s stare hardened.
“Snarky brunettes who can kick my ass,” Steve smiled, then froze, his face flushing rapidly.
So really, Steve thought, after the near heart attack it had caused him to see Tony pitching toward the ground in a sudden collapse, he was being remarkably level-headed by carrying Tony to the kitchen and not – as had been his first inclination – sprinting him straight to SHIELD medical and demanding a full work-up. He hadn’t yelled for Bruce or interrupted anyone’s enjoyment of cooking-competition shows. He hadn’t verbalized even one of the dozen versions of “Tony, you have to take better care of yourself” that had flashed through his head. All in all, Steve was counting this as progress.
“In my role as faculty clerk,” Sitwell began, rising to his feet and settling into a stance that spelled absolute disaster for Tony’s hopes of a short meeting, “I’d like to lay out five considerations.”
“— your last chance to play before we graduate, and the team was just four wins away from clinching the conference title. Not to mention your capstone art project: how the fuck are you supposed to finish the portrait for your portfolio — fuck!”
He lunged to the side to grab his phone from where he’d left it marking his progress through a stack of midterms. He plugged in the number listed at the bottom of the BCC web page and leaned back in his chair, drumming absently on the edge of his desk as the phone rang.
Steve cleared his throat just loudly enough for the sound to reach Tony’s ears, and Tony rolled his eyes, knowing Steve would somehow catch the gesture even though he couldn’t see Tony’s face. It was hardly the first time Steve had registered displeasure at the king’s decision to join the battle against Pierce’s rebel army. Not that he had voiced his opinion as openly as Rhodes had: ever since Steve had accepted the change of position from King Howard’s groom to King Anthony’s valet de chambres, he had refused to let a word of direct challenge pass his lips in Tony’s presence. But in the hours leading up to Tony’s departure for the field, Steve had used every nonverbal tactic at his disposal, from sighing significantly and deliberately catching his feet against the edges of the furniture to staring Tony directly in the eyes, his gaze so fierce with emotion that Tony felt his spine shiver like a struck lance.
. He flipped back to the index and ran his index finger through the B’s until it rested on the blank space between “Brooch Key” and “brother, Michael.”
They turned back toward the ladder they had climbed down, but the spot where it had stood was now empty, leaving no clear route to the walkway above. After exchanging a brief look - the meaning of which might have translated, on both sides, to something like “I told you so” - they strode toward a door on the opposite side of the room instead, throwing it open and stepping into…
The fourth time Tony tugged the blanket away from Steve’s feet, Steve finally let out a sigh.
“Why else would you be here? You know the stories about this place. Every couple that comes out here ends up shooting each other. Have you started thinking about how you’ll handle it when he tries to draw you into the act?”
“No!” Tony yelled. He was lurching forward, but Steve had already tossed his shield into the air. It collided with the control panel, and the door between them slammed into place.
Tony stayed on the chest press machine just long enough that he could claim a set, then cleaned it off and made a beeline for a treadmill. He put his headphones in, started his Best of Black Sabbath playlist, and started to jog.
“Language, Captain,” Garrett smiled. “What kind of an example does that set for America’s youth? Rumlow and Ward here will be as gentle as you like – or as inventive. It’s all up to you.”
“I’m working on it, Rhodey. I am. I know it’s all a bit of a mess right now, but I think – I think the team could be good. For each other. For me.”
Fitz and Simmons jumped onto the line, talking almost on top of each other as they reviewed the readings.
“Tony,” he called, scrambling to his feet and hurrying over to take his partner’s hand, “get up.”
“You’ve been shot,” he announced. “Do you think you could go one goddamn mission without getting shot?”
“I may be the tiniest bit dehydrated,” Tony had admitted, his head flopping forward onto Steve’s chest.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked softly.
“I’m still going to be really pissed about this when you survive,” Tony ground out, moving into place at the circuit breaker without taking his eyes off Steve.
Maybe the web of sketched faces and redacted forms would make more sense in the morning.
“I don’t know. Maybe you grabbed them by mistake. Maybe you're psychologically incapable of not making everything into a massive –”
He groped around him with his left hand, trying to keep the right pressed against the wound in his side, and he discovered a slick streak of blood and the edge of a step. The floor was already so wet that Steve could hardly believe he was still alive, but he must have dragged himself back to the staircase somehow before losing consciousness. And the trail seemed to continue down the steps ahead of him, which meant that maybe, through some even greater miracle, Tony had found his way out as well.
Tony yelped. He turned for the stairs again, torn between wanting to help James and knowing that six weeks of Groupon-inspired kickboxing classes weren't enough to be any kind of help at all.
"Ohh, thank you Dr. Stark!" Peter rummaged in his bag and came up with a folded wad of papers. He unfolded them and scribbled
“Don’t say I never did anything nice for you, Tony,” Natasha called after him as he scurried out of the room.
Of course, since Clint hadn’t suggested they play strip poker until the team had already made a substantial dent in Bruce’s latest batch of home-brew IPAs, some of them didn’t have many choices left at this point. Bruce had managed to hold onto both socks but was otherwise down to just his boxers, a white tee shirt, and a watch. Natasha had discarded a jacket, a headband, and a boot. And Thor and Clint were both surrounded by piles of clothing, though Tony suspected they were actually stripping at a faster rate than they were losing.
“So was that a first, Cap?” Tony asked as the last sliver of the landing pad disappeared behind the elevator doors. “No judgment here – probably weren’t a lot of opportunities for airplane sex for a guy who could have theoretically shaken hands with one out of two Wright brothers – I’d just be crossing a big-ticket item off my bucket list if I got to be the one to welcome Captain America to the mile-high club.”
who was dealing from the bottom of the deck –
“No,” Steve said firmly, at the same time that Clint exclaimed “arm wrestling,” and Tony answered “square roots.”
Tony managed to get through the rest of his talk without further stumbles, though he couldn’t help but dart surreptitious glances at Grant as he laid out his new theory about Carter’s involvement with a covert squad of former POWs. He expected to see Grant looking skeptical about some of Tony’s larger reaches: Tony had made substantial progress with his inquiries into Dugan, Barnes, and Morita, but he didn’t exactly have incontrovertible evidence to connect the 107th to weapons-testing for “Project Rebirth,” and he’d come prepared to bullshit spectacularly when pressed.
“We saw the news of the cowardly attacks on Stark and the Director,” Thor said, clapping his hand so firmly on Bruce’s shoulder that Bruce wobbled in place.
“Stark,” Steve responded, gripping his own sides with the effort of keeping his tone neutral.
“Thank God,” Tony breathed. He popped the lid on the case and held his right hand over it, clicking a switch to deploy one of the gauntlets. “I have to restart his heart,” he tried to explain, but Clint just grabbed his shoulder and nodded firmly. Tony leaned forward over Steve’s chest to get in position.
Flash Thompson apparently heard, because he rolled his eyes. "Oh my god, just get a room, already," he said
“I guess I’ll head to my rooms,” Steve replied evenly, pressing the button for his floor and carefully studying the numbers as they ticked downward. “I should get cleaned up anyway.”
“Steve!” Tony yelled, banging against the door that had blown shut behind him. “Steve! Can you hear me?”
Many miles away, and well beyond the range of either Steve or Tony’s thoughts by now, the last light in the Red Manor winked out, as if the house were settling in for another year’s sleep.
Great work so far, Steve thought grimly. Operation: Be Smooth, Rogers, For Once in Your Goddamn Life was obviously going to be a huge success.
Tony took the hint and turned on the game. They talked stats for a while, and Tony kept up a running commentary for a few innings before dozing off, his tablet still held loosely in one hand. When Steve stood up to go, he stopped to lay a blanket around Tony’s shoulders, his fingers lingering a moment when he noticed Tony’s hair had gotten caught against the cushion. He was about to reach out and smooth it over, a small smile forming on his lips at the way Tony's smile lines relaxed in his sleep, and then he froze, his fingers hovering an inch away from delicately brushing his client’s hair.
“Well, every time one of my exes comes up, you get all —” He did his best impression of the Jaw Clench of Judgment.
“Where did the blast come from?” Bruce asked, frowning at the scorched radius stretching out from the living room toward the kitchen and bar.
Tony flipped to the next page and finally saw the magic words. “Project Rebirth” appeared in the neat, tightly packed letters of Erksine’s script, right there in the final line. Tony could feel a surge of adrenaline hit his system, his hand wavering just slightly as he photographed the page.
"They’ll have a great time debating if there's a real rule that if the prof is fifteen minutes late they get to leave without consequence - trust me, I know. James." Tony grabbed his forearm and - holy shit, was he hiding cement bricks in his shirtsleeves? - held it for a moment. "Seriously. This is important."
The silence stretched between them, the elevator doors still standing ajar, and then Steve felt Tony’s posture stiffen.
“If I wanted you knocked out, you’d be dreaming of sugar plums right now,” Natasha called out from somewhere behind a makeshift barricade of packages and wrapping-paper rolls. One of the tiny Iron Men buzzed over her head, sending a barrage of dime-sized repulsor blasts at a Rudolph gift bag, and Natasha shot the ornament out of the air with her Widow’s Bites.
When the water on the other side was almost to the ceiling, he kicked the shield again, and this time the door moved enough that Steve could grab hold of the bottom. He settled his feet against the floor and heaved upward. It was agonizingly slow, and Steve could feel his lungs burning from the exertion, but finally he raised the door to the level of his torso. He kicked the shield through with one foot and then swung himself after it as quickly as he could. He managed to make it almost fully across the threshold before the door’s weight slammed down again, catching him on the left shoulder and forcing out a gasp of pain that wasted more precious air.
“Sorry,” Steve rasped.
He started to lean back, but Steve grabbed the hand Tony had circled around his wrist and held it in place.
“That’s like…the sixteenth time you’ve tried to fire me,” Steve said out loud, but he clasped Tony’s arm to signal his acquiescence. “Okay, help me up.”
“You can save it for the Big Senate Subcommittee in the sky, Romanov, because I already did the ‘generic psychobabble’ routine with your accomplice,” Tony retorted. “Now, if you want to tell me where the hell you’re keeping my partner, I’m all ears.”
“It’s everything we have on Project TAHITI, including the formula for GH 325, a regenerative drug made from Kree blood. I supervised the project in its trial stages, though that was one of the memories SHIELD deleted after I died. Fury wanted TAHITI as a way to revive a fallen Avenger; but in the end he had to settle for resurrecting some sap who took a magic scepter to the heart.”
“I’m working on it,” he repeated.
"Phil, you free?"
So Natasha had come to New York City for the weekend, taken him out dancing, and drunk him under the table. And that was the last time that anyone who wasn’t a combative journalist had talked to him about the Avengers.
“Oh my God,” Steve managed, rushing forward to turn Tony gently onto his back and press his hand to the wound. “Oh God, Tony. What did you do?”
As the clock on the mantle ticked closer to midnight, Clint Barton and Natasha Romanov sat back in their chairs by the fireplace, enjoying the last sensations of warmth before the new day came. The lamps in the library had been dimming one by one as the hour approached, but the faint sounds of the record player could still be heard from the floor below, the notes floating upward like a whispered promise.
He pushed the door to Pepper's office open with his foot. "This is turning into an odd day."
“Save me the speech, Rogers. It’s not my first solider this time, right? I remember the spiel. He knew the risks, and we did everything we could, and I can’t blame myself. But he was practically a kid and now he’s dead. So if it’s okay with you, I’m going to skip the whole ‘died a hero’ part and go get blindingly drunk.”
“Tough, but fair,” Tony allowed. “And as a token of my appreciation for your deanly candor, I’ll get right to it. I sit before you today to share a little friendly concern about Dr. Grant.”
Thank you so much for reading!! We had a fantastic time writing this together and we've enjoyed all your lovely comments. We hope you enjoyed it too!! <3
He finally looked Steve in the eyes, and Steve felt something in his stomach flutter at the softness in his gaze. He could feel the feather-light presence of Tony’s fingers next to his upper arm, the slight brush of Tony’s breath against his cheek. Could it be possible Steve hadn’t been the only one feeling the constant pull to close that distance? If he reached out now…
“Tony, you agreed to the conditions. My job is to –”
“No, Steve,” Tony repeated, scrabbling at the back of Steve’s arm.
Rhodey let out a sigh and looked Tony steadily in the eye.
Fuck. What had that looked like before hours of super-solider healing? Trust Steve to describe having half his head turned into a Rorschach painting as “receiving minor contusions.”
“But why attack Tony?” Steve wondered. “He isn’t even a part of SHIELD. He didn’t know any more about TAHITI than we did.”
Steve didn’t respond immediately, so Tony let the offer hang. His phone was vibrating, and he looked down at the screen to give Steve cover if he wanted to decline the confidence. Pepper was calling for the second time, which could only mean bad news about the board meeting. Well, never doubt Tony Stark’s ability to avoid a reality check. He shoved the phone back in his pocket.
“I love you too,” Steve cut him off.
Steve reeled momentarily at the riot of emotions running through his head: a heady thrill at the note of familiarity, a rush of adrenaline at the prospect of seeing Tony so soon, a surge of guilt that he was asking Tony to drop everything again, when he had already gone through so much trouble.
story about Gulmira. Steve’s eyes jumped away from the accompanying photo: a group of men, huddled behind the remains of a wall that was still exploding toward the camera, dust and debris obscuring all of their faces except one. Shortly after the picture had been taken, the photojournalist had won second prize in the White House News Photographer’s Association awards, Captain Steven Grant Rogers had been awarded a Medal of Honor, and over a hundred people had been killed.
“What the fuck?” Tony asked: rhetorically, because the fourth floor was almost clear of people by now. He made his own way to the stairs, chewing absently at his lip as he tried to process why exactly Grant’s question had struck him so strangely. He was sure he hadn’t actually seen anything in the Carter collection about shield technology, but for some reason it sounded familiar. Could he have come across it somewhere else? Maybe in Erksine’s notes or -
“Hitting the road then, Cap,” Tony said, in that way he had of turning a question into a statement. He ambled his way toward Steve, rolling the cuffs of his dress shirt up toward his elbows. “Lead singer going solo – that’s a tough break for the band right after our first big hit.”
May's cheeks pinked. "Do you know the new art professor? Dr. Grant."
“I am, literally, the boss of you,” he pointed out, “You know that’s how this arrangement works, right? And that brings me to my second point, which is that Dr. Grant is here in a visiting position and thus lacks the protection of tenure. So before we proceed any further with this conversation, you might want to reflect on what steps you hope I’ll take with the information you’ve acquired.”
But today, as he walked into the auditorium of Colan Hall to learn about Victorian ecopoetics, Tony had found himself unable to concentrate on anything other than Dr. Grant’s irritatingly fastidious note-taking three rows in front of him.
"An excellent reason to hide here instead."
He hung up the phone. There would be time later to feel the fear about what state Tony would be in when Steve found him – right now he had to find him. He turned toward Natasha, who was standing in readiness, rotating a knife that had materialized in her hands.
A loud bang ricocheted down the hallway outside, and James snapped into deathly serious. He grabbed Tony's arm and manhandled him behind him. "Stay behind me," he commanded. "I'll get you out."
The adrenaline of the mission seemed to have loosened the communication between them, and Steve was trying not to feel too guilty about soaking in the sound of Tony’s color commentary. It had only been when Tony had stopped speaking to him that Steve had realized how much he'd grown accustomed to the flow of Tony’s talk. One night at the compound, when Steve had finally given up on sleep and decided to make himself some eggs in the kitchen, Tony’s voice had come over the television. CNN was playing footage from a press conference in Zurich; and as Tony described a new self-sustaining generator, Steve had felt his jaw unclench, as if the sound of Tony’s voice could send some signal to Steve’s body that his mind couldn’t accept.
small, you know? And yet everywhere I turn, there you are, biceps and all, swanning around and charming everyone, and adding a third and fourth circle of hell to faculty meetings."
“Steve, what happened last night?” Tony asked, sitting up carefully and running his fingers over a fresh bruise on his right arm.
Thank you so much to everyone who has been reading and sending kudos/words of encouragement! Writing this has been a much-needed escape, and it means so much to know people are sharing it with me.
“How many people?” he asked. “
So that’s what he had been doing in Stuttgart – going through the Captain-America motions – when Tony Stark had dropped in and hijacked the mood, music blaring and mouth running as if he were on a one-man mission to demonstrate how out of place Steve was in this century. And that had thawed out something inside Steve all right: confusion, irritation, attraction, anger, regret, terror, and a heady relief he was aware must have been all over his face when Tony finally opened his eyes on the streets of New York. Watching Tony start breathing again was the closest Steve had felt to warm since his plane went down, and also the most exposed.
— like seriously, you would send Steven Meisel straight to a new plane of existence with that waistline alone — and instead of soaking up the glory you come with me to a party I know you’re dreading and do something so publicly, long-lastingly stupid that it frankly makes me feel a little crazy.”
“No, Steve,” she repeated, pointing toward the screen.
"Go. We'll get dinner tomorrow night."
"Yeah, but I'm supposed to be experimenting. I'm twenty-two."
“Barton,” May called out. Clint ran up to grab the small scanner she had detached from her belt. Hurrying back to Harrison’s side, he moved the device in circles around the agent’s head and neck. Outside, Steve could hear Tony exchanging fire with what now sounded like multiple air crafts, and he had to force himself to focus on what May’s team was saying over the comms.
“We got him, boss!” Happy’s voice called at last.
. And when Clint and Natasha came back from SHIELD headquarters at 2:30 AM to find Tony nursing a glass of scotch on the couch with all the lights on, they had pulled out a six-pack of beers and started casually swapping stories about things that had made them freeze up during missions.
“So I’m thinking the Mark II ornaments should come with a fail-safe button,” Tony mused, looking up at Steve with his head still resting in the crook of Steve’s arm.
"Oh, I finished that on Tuesday."
“As long as you want, Steve,” Tony told him. “Just please: try to stay alive long enough to get tired of me. Try not to –”
Natasha’s hand was still clutching the remote, hovering suspended in the air where she had changed the television display. Watching its stillness against the backdrop of the frenetic movement on screen, Steve felt like the order of operations on which he had built his new life was hanging in the balance too. Everything he had done since waking up seemed to be tottering on its base as he watched the car flip over and over again onto the concrete.
“God, someone put on his sassy pants today,” Tony grinned. “When did you notice?”
Tony could feel the man's eyes cutting over to him. "Paper!" Tony pointed at her.
“I’m just saying that
“Just...can’t believe how lucky I am,” Steve whispered. And that was too much — Tony was only human — and so he grabbed a fistful of Steve’s shirt and hauled him into a kiss, feeling a thrill of delight when Steve’s lips parted automatically for his. It was soft and sweet, Steve’s hand cradling his cheek the whole time, but when they pulled apart, Steve’s smile had slid into a smirk.
“I love you too, you absolute idiot.”
“Well you’ve got me there. You win. I’ll have JARVIS alert the press and print out your award for the fridge: Steve Rogers, still the better hero.”
“Shit,” Tony swore, grabbing for Steve’s hips as the doors slid open. “Fine. First lots of carbs, then the ‘Tubthumping’ remix.”
“Then kiss me, you fool.”
faculty-welcoming committee,” Bruce pointed out, but Tony was already giving him a jaunty wave as he sauntered down the steps toward the front row of the lecture hall.
Steve gritted his teeth and forced his arm upward to level the gun at Rumlow again, but he was suddenly tackled from the left by Ward. He lost his grip on the gun as he went down, Ward landing a punch strong enough to knock the wind out of him. Steve struck back, but a stab of pain behind one eye hit him so hard he curled inward. He felt Rumlow haul him up by one shoulder, and a kick caught him square across the jaw.
“I woke up in a hospital three days later and found out I was getting a medal,” Steve finished, looking down at the notepad in his hand and making a conscious effort to release his grip on the edges of the page.
“Right,” he said out loud, turning toward the overhead walkway appraisingly. After a brisk swing of his arms, he took two running steps, leapt, and grabbed the rungs of the second-floor bannister. He flexed once to test whether they would hold his weight, and when they remained steady he curled himself upward, hitching an elbow and then a knee over the edge of the walkway.
Steve broke off, discovering that he still couldn’t describe the rest of the events out loud: their decision to make a run for it in spite of Bucky’s injury, the whine of the device arming itself, the look on Bucky’s face when they both realized Steve wasn’t going to make it in time to shield him from the blast.
“That’s ‘Not Safe for Work,’ if you haven’t had any advisees who are Extremely Online,” Tony continued. “Anyway, just thought I’d offer a small word to the wise: it’s best not to get Sitwell hot and bothered with points of order – at least not in public. What he really needs is a consenting adult with a matching procedural kink so he can role-play
Unless…
“Look, I know you’re excited about Avenging, and I’m excited for you,” Rhodey continued. “I just hope you know what you really want from people right now.” He drained the last of his beer. “And for the record, I wasn’t implying that you were
Tony’s finger hovered over the final name. Even as Google spit back another negative (Steven Carter had gone to Dartmouth), Tony found himself scrolling through result after result, looking for something that might explain the niggling feeling at the back of his brain. Steven was a common enough name. There was no particular reason to suspect a connection between Peggy Carter’s former-rugby-captain son and the private Steven Rogers whose name had popped up in Erksine’s notes. Still.
"Sure, yeah, okay," Tony agreed, still looking at his feet and wondering how on earth his car had magically propelled itself up a snow-laden twenty-percent incline.
As they neared the end of the count, Steve looked over at Tony and felt his breath catch at the raw expression in his eyes. He brought his hands up instinctively to cup Tony’s face, and Tony tangled his fingers into Steve’s hair, pulling him into a kiss that was as fierce a promise as any they’d made during a year’s worth of firefights and hospital recovery rooms. When they came up for air, Steve left his forehead pressed gently to Tony’s, relaxing into the feeling of Tony sweeping his fingers across the nape of Steve’s neck.
“I think he’s trying to make a move to get Hammer’s job permanently.”
“Was this a voluntary or involuntary nap?” Steve asked, trying (somewhat unsuccessfully, he feared) to keep the edge of worry out of his voice.
"No, no. I'm okay. I'm fine. I'll go slowly."
“’Twas the night before Christmas,” Tony began, “forty-three years ago, and our erstwhile colleagues at the Bureau were filled with the spirit of the Cold War season. That made for a decidedly un-jolly holiday for the owners of this house, one of whom had just been IDed as a Soviet spy – code name the Black Widow – and was about to be arrested on suspicion of treason. So on a cold winter’s night, they made a lover’s pact: that no hands but their own would ever tear them apart.”
But something had changed in their fourth month working together, after they’d gotten trapped in an Arctic research station with nothing but a possibly alien parasite, the team of scientists it was slowly driving mad, and their shared determination not to let anyone lock Steve in the freezer. Since then, Tony had shown Steve the files he was keeping on his father’s most classified work, “Project Rebirth.” And Steve had told Tony something he’d only admitted to one other living soul: that he, like the nameless subjects in Howard Stark’s notes, was missing time. Seventy-two hours sat like a blank in his memory, a yawning chasm between the day when he was hospitalized for severe pneumonia at nineteen and the day he emerged with an immune system that seemed coated in Teflon.
“Oh no, Tony,” Steve said seriously, already slicing precise lines down his pumpkin’s surface. “I’m sure I couldn’t possibly create anything as elaborate as that.”
about your job, Steve. You’re fucking fired, okay? And your new job is to live long enough to get us both out of here because there’s no way in
“Then why,” Tony gritted out, “are you smirking?”
be true: once Tony and Nat were clear, Steve could work on getting out, and maybe he could survive long enough to free himself from the sinking rig. Steve didn’t actually know what it would take to stop his heart, after all; and he had never been sure whether he would have drowned the first time if not for the ice.
One week after the infamous Lemon Curd Incident, Tony knocked on the doorframe to the Dean’s office, fresh ammunition in hand.
Tony grabbed a poker from its stand next to the fire and jammed the point into a crack between two slats, using the tool to pry back the floorboards in chunks. By the time he pulled off the fourth block of wood, there was no doubt what they were looking at. Tony stood up next to Steve so they could survey the two corpses: one tall, broad, and faintly blonde, and the other more compact, with waves of dark hair and the remains of a goatee. Their bodies had partially decayed, but their clothes were reasonably well preserved, aside from a layer of dust and two rings of crusted blood surrounding the places where each torso had been pierced by a bullet.
“Steve,” Tony choked out, “I forgive you. I forgave you so long ago. Please.”
Steve thought he saw something mist across Tony’s eyes, but he couldn’t be sure. The more fully he became aware of his body, the more he noticed the pull of his skin cells contracting in uneven loops around the burns on his torso, and it was taking a considerable amount of energy to keep Tony’s face in focus.
For the first week after their impromptu coffee date in James’s office, Tony had almost been able to persuade himself the attraction was merely physical (it was true, after all, that the first time he’d spotted James in a suit at his students’ gallery openings, Tony had tripped over a perfectly flat floor). But by the time he caught himself staring dopily at the wrinkle of concentration on James’ face as he tried to understand the Assistant Dean’s pitch for the vital importance of “Take an Intern to Lunch Day,” Tony had to admit the situation was far worse than that.
The object in question was a small heating coil, which had somehow wound its way into the soft curls around Tony’s temple and – if the faint odor of sulfur was anything to go by – produced a nest of charred hair in the process. Tony hadn’t even seemed to notice his new accessory when he wandered into the kitchen, eyes gazing vacantly into the middle distance. He had opened one of the kitchen cabinets and then slumped against the side of the refrigerator, where he had remained, as if in a fugue state, until Steve took him by the shoulders and gently steered him toward a seat at the dining room table.
If you want to see all the documents in one place,
The doors to the penthouse had swung open, but they made no move to exit. Steve dropped his forehead to rest against Tony’s and felt Tony run his fingers gently across the bandage on Steve’s temple.
"Well, maybe you can be the best teacher you can be somewhere other than my gym."
“There’s nothing nice about what happened to you, Steve,” Tony said quickly, his face twisting. “People should be held accountable for that – not given a fucking pat on the back for saying sorry.”
“Tony?” Steve asked, his voice a little faint.
“Rogers,” Tony said finally.
“Nothing,” he replied, “or something totally normal and not at all emotionally compromising – choose your own adventure, Cap. Anyway, I’m going to go see a man about some sheep: counting, that is, not shearing – probably shouldn’t operate any more machinery under the circumstances –”
He woke up in his own bed, his phone pinging as a doodle of DUM-E in an oversized Iron Man helmet appeared in the group text.
“Volunteer work?” Tony repeated, his eyebrows shooting up. “What, like painting on-demand murals for the FBI?”
"I know," she whined. "It's a
“You know,” he observed instead, “for someone who can walk around for over an hour without noticing there’s a piece of burnt metal stuck in your hair, you have a very sharp eye for what the people around you need.”
Two images enlarged on the holo table: what looked like an abandoned warehouse labeled “New Brunswick, New Jersey” and a mid-rise office building labeled “Toronto, Ontario.”
“I can move things with my mind,” Wanda explained serenely.
“Wouldn’t be the same, Cap,” Tony grinned.
“I’m fine, Tony,” Steve said. “It was just a graze. I’ve had much worse.”
Natasha, meanwhile, was taking much longer than seemed strictly necessary to relieve herself of a pullover sweater, and Tony suddenly froze in the act of picking up his cards: because how had
“If these guys are too stupid to snap you up, I’d love to give you a crack at some real tech,” he told her with a wink. “I’ve got a decryption program that makes SHIELD cyber security look like a baby gate.”
With horrible precision, Steve’s memory conjured the moment Ward had caught him watching Tony – that sharp edge Steve had seen in his gaze. Ward had realized how Steve felt, and they had hurt Tony to get to Steve. The burst glass and the collapsed house with Tony trapped inside: it had all been because of Steve.
“Now!” Steve yelled, and he tucked into position as Tony let him drop.
She paused a moment more, murmuring something in Russian, and then she turned to carry Tony toward the exit.
And the look on his face was so fond and smug (and hot) that Tony could have kissed him again right then — and for every day afterward.
“Of course you did,” Rhodes retorted. “I trained you.”
Between the two problems - the stalled research and the accelerating infatuation - Tony spent the month of March a little distracted. And that might have been why, on this particular Thursday, he had forgotten to download his PowerPoint on the Cuban Missile Crisis until midway through his afternoon section of American History II.
Steve started to cross his arms across his chest before realizing that he would risk crushing the biscuits. He settled for clasping his wrist with his free hand instead, widening his stance slightly and taking a deep breath. Come on, Rogers. Take it on the chin.
“How about no one knocks anyone out?” Bruce suggested, rubbing his fingers across the bridge of his nose. “Today is stressful enough without a repeat of the ‘human skee-ball’ incident.”
Steve’s hands had touched him countless times: unlacing his boots, removing his cloak, tightening the straps of his armor. But Tony was suddenly aware that he had barely touched Steve since they were teenagers – not since the night before his coronation, when he’d run down to the stables with a satchel of pilfered dinner rolls to tell Steve to get two horses ready to ride. The old Steward, Jarvis, had been worried about Tony’s readiness for the ceremony so soon after his parents’ death, and Tony had made a show of retiring early to rest and prepare. He had related as much to Steve as they crouched behind the hay bales and Tony explained his plan. They could be well on their way to Wakanda or Asgard, he had promised, before anyone would notice they were gone.
He paused, chewing at his lower lip. Come on, Rogers, he thought firmly. It's too late to pull the chute now.
As soon as Dr. Grant's calendar came up, Tony frowned. "That's weird." He started clicking through each day. Grant's schedule was littered with unexplained absences. He'd cancelled multiple classes and rescheduled his office hours on several of the days he didn't teach. He was making Tony look positively dutiful in comparison.
Tony leaned across the couch, searching under the blankets until he could rest his hands on Steve’s shoulders.
"You should all be eating stuffing and pumpkin pie,” Steve grimaced. “I’m sorry you’re stuck here on Thanksgiving.”
“Well, if you’re going to quiz me on
“I’m betting two tanks of gas and a three-point hit on the ‘returns work in a timely manner’ portion of my student evals that the answer to that is ‘yes,’” Tony responded. “Tony Stark. I’m sorry I didn’t call ahead. I’m a professor of history at Stanley College, and I’m hoping I can take a look at the special collections donated by Margaret Carter.”
“Okay. Well I’m going to be over here watching
Steve looked up from the gladiolas he’d been selecting to see a middle-aged woman beaming at him across the counter, and his stance shifted as he scanned for any signs that she had recognized him. Normally he wouldn’t worry about going incognito in public – bodyguards didn’t tend to draw much attention when they weren’t standing next to politicians or A-list actors – but ever since the incident at the silent auction, Steve’s face had been popping up in the occasional news story about his client, Tony Stark. No one but Steve and Pepper was supposed to know that Tony had taken this impromptu trip to Richmond, and if Steve got made while running errands…
Ward snapped the gun toward Steve, and Steve moved.
“God, Rogers,” Tony groaned, “how can you be so corny and so hot at the same time? It drives me completely nuts.”
and a few students giggled.
“Tony,” he called out as he walked through the front door. It was an unnecessary greeting: Tony was examining the portraits on the wall not ten feet away and had clearly seen Steve approaching. But Steve found himself wanting to confirm their proximity out loud.
“Oh, I don’t know. I thought maybe I’d doodle some new initials in my sketchbook.”
Rumlow’s grin slipped slightly.
“Tony,” he said, “That’s not what I mean. I mean I’m sorry I didn’t know sooner. I’m sorry you suffered for it. I’m sorry we wasted so much time.”
Pepper had just shaken her head and squeezed his hand.
Tony broke off, and Steve’s brow furrowed in confusion. He had noticed the cameras, of course, somewhere in between rounds two and three with the sledge hammer. But he had assumed HYDRA was sending the visuals to SHIELD.
Harrison still had his hands locked around his skull as they took off, his body rolling to the right as he curled in on himself.
“See you phrased that as a question, but the way you said it tells me that you already know the answer,” Tony responded with a grin. Steve smiled, reaching out to weave his fingers through the hair at Tony’s temples.
“Your
“I’m Clint, by the way,” the man offered, settling himself into one of the chairs and kicking his feet up on a side table.
And whether it was because the ornaments had somehow sensed a threat to the tree or because they had successfully subdued all the stuffed animals in the vicinity, Steve’s ears suddenly picked up the low whine that meant hostile décor was incoming. As Tony held his position, Steve saw Natasha, Rhodey, and Thor leap out from cover and take aim at the three diminutive Iron Men that were shooting toward their creator’s head.
“Please tell me that’s not what it looks like,” Bruce said. His voice deceptively quiet, but Tony noticed a tinge of green around his neck. Natasha reached out to cover his clenched hands with one of hers.
“A bit dramatic,” Tony observed, letting one of his hands run across Steve’s jaw and down his chest to rest protectively near his injured side.
“I thought you had sweet potatoes to roast,” Tony said.
“Right away, sir,” JARVIS replied, and the same video started playing on the flat-screen television.
“In that case, Ms. Romanov, I’m going to have to ask you a few questions about the bodies in the floor.”
“I just want to find my partner and get out of here,” Steve said, still staring dubiously at the apparently solid slope of Natasha’s shoulder.
“Fortunate indeed,” Tony murmured to himself.
Tony drew a circle around “Carter, Steven” in his book and turned his attention back to the press release. It was sparse on detail, but it did contain a small note at the bottom enumerating some of the specific terms of Peggy Carter’s generosity: a needs-based scholarship in the Art department, three artist sketches for the college’s art museum, and a small collection of archival materials for the library.
"Alright." Grant watched Tony settle back in his seat and re-clip his seat belt, then he swung the door shut and walked back to his own car.
“No,” Steve replied, blinking back a sudden stinging in his eyes. “No, I’m just – I’m sorry, Tony.”
“I’ll go through every door you do,” Steve agreed, leaning in to press a kiss to Tony’s lips, “for as long as I can – until the very last one.”
But the final words were swallowed up by a crack of thunder, which seemed to chase the sudden flashes of lightning through the hallway. The edges of the sheet-draped furniture and dusty window frames blazed into view, sharp and flat against the white glare, before flickering back to darkness. Steve felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up and whirled around just in time to catch a halo of flaming red hair silhouetted against the sitting-room windows. His hand jerked instinctively toward his holster, but in another second the outline was gone.
“You know what’s in them,” Tony said, his nerves jittery with the effort of matching his pace to the speed of Arnie’s deliberate crawl.
A collective groan went up around the table.
Decision made, Steve climbed the stairs to the second story, where Tony had been continuing his monologue.
“I quit,” Steve agreed immediately.
"Oh, god. And Dr. Grant is going to be there, cause that asshole would never miss a chance to offer a colleague constructive criticism, I'm sure." Tony groaned and tipped face-down on his desk.
"The physics don't make sense! I have to call a tow truck."
“I don’t give a
There might have been a moment when Steve’s brain formed a conscious intention to move, but if there was, he missed it. By the time his mind caught up with his body, he was already pressed up against Tony, kissing him hungrily as he crowded him back against the wall of the elevator. Tony made an eager noise of want in response, grabbing the ends of the towel around Steve’s neck and using it to pull him downward. A second later, his grip tightened as Steve grasped the backs of Tony’s thighs and hoisted him onto the railing. Tony retaliated by wrapping his legs around Steve’s waist, rolling his hips in a way that made the air catch in Steve’s throat.
“Give a guy a goddamn minute, Steve,” he said softly. “I’m having to do a major cognitive reboot over here. It takes a while for the operating system to come back online. Just…sit down? Let me show you the new flame retardants I’m adding to your uniform.”
“It’s going to be okay, Tony,” Steve promised. “I’m going to tell them.” Tony shook his head violently, trying to shout something behind the tape that sounded suspiciously like, “shut up, you idiot,” but Steve pressed on. “I know where Fury is, and I can take you to him. But you’ve got to let Tony go first. Let him go, and I’ll take you right to the Director. You have my word.”
Another bang snapped Tony's attention back to the immediate situation. He had to admit there was a chance he was in quite a bit of danger, so now was probably not the time to get lustful.
“The answer was so
“Sure, of course,” James said, his face composed again. “I’m behind on my grading anyway.”
“That’s best ‘fails,’ Norwegian Road House,” Tony said, “and my test flights weren’t failures. Technically, I made it into the air and back to the ground every time. The icing problem was a one-time thing.”
“It’s nothing, my liege,” Steve replied, and there was a breathlessness in his voice that made him appear to shrink, for one sharp moment, into the wiry stable boy Tony had once found curled in the back of the hay loft, hiding an attack of ague that left him shivering with fever. “I must have hurt my shoulder – probably a sprain from carrying the lances yesterday –”
“Oh,” Steve said, his face suddenly flushing red. “No uh — that’s not — I mean, no one should be shamed for, you know, dating — however they want to date. It’s me, really. I’m the problem. I guess I just couldn’t stop wishing you were with someone who knew how lucky they were.”
When Steve woke up hours later, it was to a hand gripping his hair, yanking his head backward.
Bruce smiled and shook his head, but any further reply was headed off by the arrival of a middle-aged man wearing the most nondescript suit Tony had ever seen. The new Dean of Faculty – Coulson, Tony heard someone whisper – gave a small wave from the front of the hall.
“In 1991, HYDRA planned an assassination mission for an operative named the Winter Soldier,” Steve began.
For a moment, Steve hesitated as he stared after the retreating form of his partner, the outline of Tony’s movements barely separated from the shadowy house by the searching beam of a flashlight. Then he pivoted firmly back toward his car with a shake of his head.
Steve let out a shallow sigh as the elevator started moving, the tension in his shoulders somehow feeling worse than it had before his run.
Steve’s cheeks flushed for the first time since they’d stepped off the quinjet into the tundra surrounding the HYDRA base, and Tony blinked in confusion. Steve was fidgeting too, chewing slightly at the bottom of his lip, but Tony couldn’t seem to connect the sudden shift in behavior to what Steve had said – because what had Steve said, exactly?
“All right, chumps,” Clint said, flicking cards deftly across the table from his perch on the kitchen counter, “the little blind is a sock, and the big blind is an item of outerwear of your choice.”
“Thank you for calling the Brooklyn Community College library,” an automated voice said finally, “our normal hours of operation are Monday through Friday, 9:00 AM to 7:00 PM and Saturday through Sunday, 10:00 AM to 3:00 PM.”
Tony collapsed forward in relief, his forehead falling to Steve’s shoulder, and his hands gripping Steve’s upper arms.
He wasn't sure he could sit through two hours of Stanley College's best and brightest drama students performing
“That’s nothing. We need to get out of here.”
Tony shifted into a sitting position and pulled his keyboard into his lap to start typing. He framed the current state of his research as glowingly as he could: peppering in his most active verbs and riding the late-night-coffee-and-ice-cream buzz into a stirring promise that a full accounting of Project Rebirth would fundamentally change the way the field understood weapons development in World War II. The resulting document was still about a paragraph short, however, and Tony tapped a stray cookie thoughtfully against the side of his desk as he strategized.
“She and Pepper have a standing lunch date, actually.”
“Ah yes,” Arnie remarked, a smile spreading across his face. “I was hoping someone would see her name in the papers and come asking.”
“I heal really fast,” Steve assured him, as if this were an unanswerable point.
For a long moment, Ty didn’t move an inch, and Tony pulled Pepper’s arm against his side in case he needed to step between them. But then Ty smiled even more broadly, pushing himself away from the bookcase with a flourish.
Steve’s mind ground to a halt as suddenly as if someone had jammed a stick into the gears.
“Can I ask you a question?” Tony asked.
“Or maybe you’re just getting better at detecting humor that’s pitched at a lower volume than your eyewear.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He walked in from the hallway that led to the gym, wiping a towel across his forehead before draping it over his shoulders. Natasha was close behind, dressed for exercise but looking decidedly less winded than Sam. She gave Tony’s shoulder a squeeze and then curled into a nearby chair as Sam perched on the back of Wanda’s couch.
“Unless you want us to leave you in there for a while so you can keep practicing!” Clint added. “Not that I would have any reason to think you need extra time. I promise Nat didn’t hack the security feeds, and we definitely haven’t been watching you make hopeless puppy eyes at each other for the past ten minutes.”
And okay, the way Steve was holding his gaze as he said it really did seem fairly definitive, Tony supposed. Sorted alongside the other evidence, that look and those words certainly seemed to point toward a specific conclusion. But it was a conclusion that Tony had rejected a long time ago, and putting it back into the equation required digging through years of discarded data – or gathering new.
Tony sighed. "I don't want to go. Can't you write me a note?"
“You’re a real clever guy,” Clint allowed. “But I’d hate to be there when no one’s around to catch the jokes – am I right? Anyway, good luck with the walls!” And with a jovial wave, he turned and sauntered out the opposite end of the library.
“Poetically put,” Steve remarked.
Steve heard the sound of wheels clacking along the floor, and when Rumlow came back into view he was pushing a cart holding a set of tools and a deep metal tub. Tony’s eyes widened, and he leaned backward slightly in his chair.
Steve hesitated momentarily, reviewing the terms of the truce, and then joined Tony on the couch. He let his head fall back against the cushions, the muscles in his shoulders gradually relaxing as Tony surfed through the channels.
,” Clint breathed. “You absolute bastard. I thought – You let me think –”
“I have wrapping to do,” Steve pointed out, setting his jaw against the sight of just such a twinkle in Tony’s eye. “Sam’s hosting a dinner tomorrow for our group at the V.A., and Sharon invited the whole floor for drinks and white elephant.”
Skye turned her attention back to her laptop, fingers flying over the keys to bring up a series of additional images on the holo projector in the middle of the table. The team took seats on either side as she began her explanation.
“Point of order,” Tony interrupted, “when did we decide that Thor and Banner are the big guns? I would like the record to reflect that I dispute that designation, and that I will be filing an appeal, on the grounds that I am the only Avenger who carries literal big guns.”
“I ran bioscans on each floor as I came up,” he told them. “We’re alone for now. But if that blast was supposed to take us out, it won’t take long for whoever ordered the hit to figure out it didn’t work.”
Fury gave them all one final stern look before striding out of the room, May and Skye following in his wake. Skye hesitated slightly at the door, opened her mouth, and then shut it again, apparently changing her mind. She gave them a small wave and disappeared.
“Fuck,” Tony gasped when they finally broke apart. “You bastard.”
“I’m afraid it’s more business then pleasure,” Steve apologized, and Tony jumped back to his feet immediately.
, Fitz had explained;
“Look, Steve,” Natasha said, “Tony bought this hospital in under an hour and flew in a hand-picked staff so that you could get the best medical care completely off the grid. I’m going to go out on a limb here and say that he might not be disappointed to get a text.”
“All right, fine,” he said. “I guess we’ll fight again tomorrow.”
Tony raised their entwined hands so he could brush a kiss against Steve’s knuckles.
“HYDRA isn’t one person,” Steve put in. “It’s a network of assassins who specialize in high-profile targets. And if it’s true that someone hired them to put a hit on you, then – with all due respect to your current staff – this situation is out of SI’s league.”
“Fury doesn’t like to share his view of the field,” Tony pointed out. “It’s becoming a bit of a pattern.”
“Wait!” he gasped. The pin was heating up against his skin, and he made a small lunge against the restraints to push it into position against the strap. “Please. You have to believe me. If I could tell you, I would.”
“Cap, please,” Clint begged. “None of us want to see Tony pass out – well, okay, only if it happened in a really hilarious way and he recovered very quickly – but that price is too high. You know he’s just going to make us watch
wasn’t Tony’s speed. Either way, he got to have these moments of closeness – got to hold Tony in his arms, watch him come apart, maybe even brush his fingers across the calluses on Tony’s hands. That was more heat than he’d had since he’d woken up in SHIELD’s bad simulacrum of the world he actually belonged to. That was enough to get by on.
“You didn’t say
“That’s ridiculous,” Tony shook his head. “You’re here now. We’ll find a way together. We always do.”
“And we all agreed that what you did was really fucking stupid, so the healing has already begun,” Sam added from a chair to Steve’s left. He reached forward to give Steve’s shoulder a gentle squeeze. “I’m getting a little tired of falling asleep in your hospital rooms, by the way. This shit is bad for my neck.”
heart.”
Pumpkin King).
“Coulson’s dead,” Ward retorted.
“Brucie Bear, I love you, and the faith in me implied by that question warms the cockles of my poor, caffeine-abused heart. But if I could tell the difference between those two things, I promise you that both my career and my kitchen counters would look very different right now.”
"Go away. I have work to do."
Tony looked up briefly before turning back to his phone.
Steve’s expression was still mortified, but there was something else creeping in as well – a set to his shoulders and jaw that Tony associated with phrases like “there are still civilians in that building” and “I want you to launch me through that third-floor window.”
“No, not really,” Tony admitted. “You’re about on pace actually.”
“I’ll get to know the people you trust, Mr. Stark,” Steve said once they were alone, “But for as long as this threat is active, they’ll have to get to know me too. I’m here to put your safety first, and the people who can be trusted with it shouldn’t have a problem accepting a few limits to their access.”
“What makes you think I’m a ghost hunter?” Tony inquired.
“Now I will have to move on to plan B,” Zemo had continued. “I hope you will still find it up to your standards.”
“Pepper, you have to get somewhere safe,” Steve found himself saying. He could feel the ice floes now, and he allowed himself one deep breath as the cold inside him rose to cover the howling agony. “Find Happy or Rhodey and go somewhere that no one would associate with you. Do not trust anyone from SHIELD until you hear from me again. Do you understand?”
“Thank you,” Steve said softly, his gaze traveling across each member of the team before he turned back to Tony. “So what do you think?”
“I knew something was off, but I didn’t –” Her mouth twisted in frustration. “I didn’t catch it.”
Coulson must have understood some additional message in Clint’s movement, because he too relaxed marginally, unclasping his arms and letting them fall lightly on the edge of the island.
Arnie returned from the stacks with a single, slim box in his hands. He set it on the table in front of Tony with elaborate care, fussing with its position a few times before he finally pulled away.
Steve looked up at him, his jaw still set but his gaze soft and clear.
“Bad luck, I guess,” he said. And then he gave a shrug that sent an absolutely criminal ripple of movement across his bare chest.
“You didn’t say anything about my talk,” Tony pointed out, trying to get himself back on track.
“I love you,” Steve tried to say anyway, but he was already sliding into darkness.
Wanda and Natasha exchanged a pointed look, and Sam tilted back in his chair to stare up at the ceiling.
Steve glanced over at Tony to make his eye roll as visible as possible, but he was smiling in a way that probably ruined the effect.
“We’re trying, Stark. That’s all I’m asking – that you just try —”
In the split second during which Tony hesitated, the Soldier heaved backward, using his weight and Tony’s grasp on his arm to flip Tony onto his back. Tony made a grab at the Soldier’s face, but the man’s fist was already descending toward the arc reactor on Tony’s chest. Tony just managed to close one gauntlet around the edges of the Soldier’s mask before the body looming over him was gone: Steve had launched himself in between them, tackling the Solider to the ground.
“I’m just going to go over a few points with Tony before the debrief tomorrow,” Steve explained when Natasha turned around with a questioning glance.
“Thor, we talked about this, buddy,” Bruce said, a small smile playing on his lips. “On Earth we show our appreciation by rinsing out our glassware and putting it carefully in the dishwasher.”
“That’s what you think,” Tony shot back. He was tapping a high-speed tattoo against the railing next to him, the motion so frenetic that Steve wasn’t sure he even knew he was doing it.
“I love you.”
“For months now my team has been tracking an initiative called Project Centipede,” Coulson continued, “Even before we knew they were HYDRA, we knew they wanted this.”
“I have to go.”
“A rousing challenge!” Thor yelled, slapping his cards down on the table. “I would hate to give way under any less brave an assault.”
“Just in case you need back-up for a gig,” he explained. He swiped one finger across the screen to reveal a shortcut to “Call Avengers,” which was accompanied by the exhausted selfie Tony had taken of the group at the shawarma joint. Thor was grinning and had one arm wrapped around a beleaguered Bruce. Clint was smirking and flipping off the camera while Natasha stole his fries. And Steve was smiling, not at the camera but at Tony – a softness in his eyes that he couldn’t believe Tony hadn’t already seen and interpreted.
“Oh, I’m sorry, didn’t you rip a log in half with your bare hands earlier today?”
The web of sketched faces and redacted forms did not make more sense in the morning - nor did its comprehensibility increase in any noticeable way over the following month of occupying Tony’s study floor.
“Tony,” Steve said, pulling him out of the memory by cupping his chin gently with one hand. “It’s okay. I’m okay. You brought me back.”
? You’re in my house. You just shot my door!”
legend – would bristle at the tone he’d taken. But instead he watched as a grin spread slowly across the billionaire’s face.
“I’m not sorry,” Steve said, each word delivered with the force of someone digging out a fortification. “I know I broke the law by carrying a coat of arms and impersonating a nobleman, and I’ll happily accept the consequences. But I would do it again – I
“Still no word on the knight’s identity or whereabouts, your majesty.”
Tony started moving immediately, and Steve placed one hand lightly on his chest to remind him to stay close. When they got to their feet, Steve ran through a rapid inspection of their surroundings, his fingers still brushing over the lapels of Tony’s tux. Most of the guests had been escorted out of the room by Happy’s team by now, with just a few stragglers gawking around the exits. Pepper was exchanging heated words with the man in charge of door security, who looked like he was seriously considering changing his name and leaving the country.
“Did that counter try to mug an old lady, Cap?” Tony asked lightly, pouring himself a mug of coffee while he examined what he could see of Steve’s face.
By the time Steve made it back to the hotel, a group of people was milling outside, half of their faces angled upward at something near the top of the building. Steve followed their line of sight, and his breath caught in his throat when he saw the smoke coming from the direction of Tony's room on the fourth floor. The harassed-looking hotel manger looked momentarily like she was going to try to stop Steve from entering the building, but she must have seen something in his face that made her change her mind, because she jumped out of the way as he charged through the front door.
“Why, you got a hot date later?” Tony quipped, his voice flat in a way that made the weight in Steve’s stomach twist.
Tony let out a long breath, and there was a horrible moment when Steve felt like he was plummeting toward the ground, only seconds away from impact. But then Tony reached out to take Steve’s face in his hands.
“Icing problem?” Steve asked, his eyes narrowing.
“Yeah, I don’t think we’re the people you want to say that to,” Sam replied gently.
On the bright side, they had been right to think that Zemo wouldn’t expect Tony to have company. Soon after the Quinjet landed on the remote oilrig where Zemo’s coordinates had led them, the team had been greeted by a soft voice over an intercom congratulating them on their curve ball.
“That’s fucking dark, Nat,” Clint grinned into her shoulder.
“Because I wanted to tell you that I woke up in this century alone,” he said, “and that you were the first person stubborn enough to make sure I wouldn’t stay that way. Now I wake up to a kitchen full of people who tease me about my lists but who know why I need them – who will eat dinner rolls that taste like soggy chalk just to make me feel at home.” He paused. “People who stay by my side for eight straight hours at the hospital.”
After what felt like hours but was probably more like minutes, Tony finally caught sight of the object he’d been searching for. Sticking part way out from underneath an old leather suitcase was a faded black notebook and the corner of a diagram of a shield etched in blue-and-red ink.
“Tony.”
“Are you scared, Steve?” Tony called over to him. “Because I am.”
“Not us,” she agreed. And when the clock struck twelve, she leaned forward to brush her lover’s lips with one last ghost of a kiss.
“He’s never going to forgive me for this,” she told him. “I’m not sure I’m going to forgive myself.”
“Well, it wasn’t just what I read in your report,” Tony explained. “Pepper had told me she’d noticed something funny with some shipments over the past few months. I hadn’t paid it a lot of attention – it will shock you to discover that it has not always been easy for Pep to get me to focus on the details of business operations – but seeing the results sitting in front of me…I guess I needed one last, annoyingly chiseled kick in the ass, and you provided it.”
“Told me they wanted me for a whole series of videos,” he was rambling at the unseen recorder. “Said it was going to be a long-term gig and all, which is why I took it on such short notice. I’m pretty busy, you know – I do get work. But they only used the one scene, and now they’ve just left me here to twiddle my thumbs. Which would be fine, but I never actually got paid, did I?” As he spoke, he was clumsily removing what looked like stage make up with a washcloth, gradually revealing –
“Just your bodyguard, from the looks of it,” Happy responded, nodding down at the spot where Steve had felt the bullet slice against his ribs.
“What are we doing here anyway?”
“A special person,” Steve replied. It didn’t quite explain the flowers, but it had the virtue of being true. And it seemed like a simpler explanation than, “the wealthy client I’m paid to protect just wiped the floor with a senior member of the Senate Armed Services Committee, and I’m looking for a gift that threads the needle between ‘generic professional sentiment’ and ‘I’ve recently developed an interest in cooking you dinner and washing your hair.’”
The sour feeling was still roiling in Tony’s gut, and he couldn’t shake the image of Steve crashing through metal, taking punches, hardly even trying to protect himself.
“Does this mean you’re coming home?” Steve asked, his voice suddenly unsure as he searched Tony’s face. Tony scooted to one side of the bed to give Steve room to lie down, and Steve curled around him, wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist and burrowing his head against Tony’s chest.
Instead, Steve had been seized by a spirit of mischief. Putting on his most morose poker face, he had proceeded to invent a series of Depression-era dishes, from “Hoover Rolls” to “Poor Man’s Potatoes,” the recipes for which he concocted out of the blandest ingredients he could imagine. By the time he was in the process of describing his
“You lured me out of bed under false pretenses,” Tony said accusingly as Steve hit the button for the common room floor. “When you texted about ‘getting a workout in,’ I assumed any bruising or pinning would be of a more amorous variety.”
“You’ve got my back,” Steve responded calmly. Tony paused, studying Steve’s face, and Steve mentally kicked himself for how quickly Project: Don’t Be So Obvious, Rogers was getting off track. But Tony just tightened the arm around his waist.
“Fuck me: it’s an acronym,” Tony muttered.
There had been something else too, and though Steve couldn’t have framed a professional explanation for why the sight of Stane looming over Tony had raised his hackles, he’d learned to trust the instinct that told him to get in the way first and ask questions later.
The eyebrow she quirked in response suggested that she was not impressed by that excuse, but she turned away from them with nothing more than a murmured, “enjoy your ‘points,’ boys.”
Steve felt a shiver run up his spine to the back of his neck – his hair standing on end as it had when the lightning flashed through the lower floor.
Tony had never encountered the phrase before, and so he’d worked with the research librarian at the Houghton to comb through the electronic records for any documents referencing Margaret Carter that were dated between her time as a codebreaker and the end of the war. He’d narrowed the list down to four boxes that seemed most likely to contain more information about “Project Rebirth,” and with any luck, he’d have time to go through half of that material tonight and identify possible leads.
He pulled back so he could look into Tony’s eyes and watch the rapid play of emotion across his face – always too fast to track.
“Tony,” Bruce admonished. “Be nice.”
She shot him a look that could have withered every plant in a two-mile radius.
Coulson raised his eyebrows.
Though, considering how many Cheetos he'd already eaten today, it might be a necessity. He dropped the last neon-orange puff in Dummy's cage for him to find when he deigned to reappear later and grabbed his gym bag.
His train of thought was interrupted by the buzz of an incoming message:
“Steve Rogers,” Arnie replied in a matter-of-fact tone, and Tony tripped over his own feet on the way into the room.
Thank you to everyone who has been reading along! This fic has been a refuge for me during a really difficult time, and your encouragement means more than I can say.
“There’s something I haven’t tried,” Tony explained, “in terms of the…life dreams thing. I didn’t know it was on the table, but if it is, I’d like to –”
It was a transparent lie - Tony hadn’t heard a line so poorly rehearsed since he'd poked his head into Parker's girlfriend's latest rehearsal of
Frankly, it was a sign of how dire Tony’s situation had become that he’d noticed “morose” before “hot” — identifying the sad little wrinkle in the middle of Steve’s forehead even before he checked out how criminally good Steve’s ass was managing to look in a pair of second-hand jeans. Being attracted to your roommate was bad enough without starting to feel anxious about whether he was dreading going to this party with you. Or maybe worrying about him a
“The night after the interview, I called the suit in my sleep. Honestly, I can’t remember where I thought I was this time. Sometimes it’s the cave or the sonic paralysis – or everyone’s favorite, the wormhole special. But this time Pepper was right next to me. She was asleep right next to me, and I called the suit because my strung-out subconscious can’t take one goddamn night off, and I could have —”
Steve’s eyes widened slightly and then softened.
Steve dealt the river card without even glancing at it.
Steve got busy with his part of the plan, moving forward to see how much help the agent would need getting out. Steve’s stomach lurched as he noticed how young Harrison really was. He was bruised, but only a little bloodied – one stream flowing down from his nose and onto his neck.
Tony, resisting the urge to look right into the camera like he was on
, after everything that had happened.
“You’ll thank me when you have ice cream,” Steve assured him, but his fingers lingered as they brushed Tony’s hair away from the bandage on his temple, throat tightening with the effort of surrendering contact.
“It certainly doesn’t look vacant in here,” Steve mentioned to Tony as his partner walked through the door. “There’s still smoke coming from the fireplace.”
He gestured toward the wingback chairs in front of the fireplace, where the logs obligingly burst into flame, crackling and popping as if they'd been ablaze for hours.
“Steve,” Natasha said, her face utterly still.
Natasha reached up to take his hand, which had gone tense as it hovered at the side of her head, and gave it a squeeze.
Tony shrugged. "I can't argue with that."
“So I know we’ve all been a little bit distracted by the fact that I created a rampaging murder bot, but…do you think something’s going on with Bruce and Nat?” he asked.
“Fine, Pep,” Tony conceded. “I’ll leave tonight.”
Tony bit back another retort (he wasn’t going to give Discount Casper the
He was about to make good on his promise when an alarm started blaring over the loud speakers. Either the team had arrived, or some HYDRA agent had finally noticed the sounds of Steve’s escape.
“That gets a bit complicated,” he responded. “You’ve probably guessed that it was my team you worked with on the Jersey and Toronto missions. Fury called us in for that job because I had the only mid-level SHIELD agents with access to the TAHITI project. Unfortunately, one of those mid-level agents was Grant Ward. And judging by the data trail Skye just discovered, it seems that Ward has been funneling all our intel to a HYDRA agent named John Garrett. Garrett was in the inner circle at SHIELD himself, so he knew they would need the retinal scan of a Level-10 agent to decode any files as classified as the ones on TAHITI. And he also he knew that Nick Fury is a terribly hard man to sneak up on. So they invented the Mandarin to keep SHIELD looking for a terrorist instead of a coup.”
Or else he would type, “I miss you” into the flip-phone in the middle of the night, the sequence of keys as instinctive as the Stations of the Cross. Then something would make him jump – maybe Sam or Wanda jerking awake from another nightmare – and his thumb would slip as it hovered over the send button. He would spend hours lost in a sea of roiling panic, sure that he had torched the only bridge he had left, but when he came up for air, it would be to the buzz of the phone. “Then come home, you idiot,” the text would read, and Steve wouldn’t even bother to pack the clothes he had left strewn across the floor.
“Tony!” Steve yelled, and Tony let out a small yelp of surprise as Steve tackled him sideways onto the couch. Steve curled his body protectively around Tony’s, and he threw up his shield just in time to shelter them from the disintegrated ornaments, which fell like a shower of harmless glitter into a halo around their heads.
“This kind of thing
“You’ll be fine, Rogers,” he said out loud, his voice draped in the off-hand tone he’d been carefully knitting together for months. “Everybody’s going to be at least three drinks in by the time we get there, so their world is going to be shrouded in the forgiving haze of those horrible Pink Panty Droppers that Barton always insists on making. Besides, you’re coming in on the wings of glory. No one’s going to be able to see anything other than the star quarterback, recently returned victorious from the field of the state, national, regional championship — or the Nestlé Hot Pockets Bowl — or whatever it was you won today.”
“Not quite,” Steve smiled. “I cobbled together discarded armor, snuck into the ranks of your guard, and then threw myself in front a sword
James grabbed both of Tony's shoulders and stood, pulling him up with him like he was a rag doll. "Seriously, Tony. I don't have time to explain everything to you. I'm - I'm not who I say I am, but you were right about this being dangerous, okay? So just go. You'll be fine if you just
“Okay,” he said, straightening up and gripping the handle of the broom to pull himself together. “Tony, if you eat that banana and drink another glass of water, we will all let you choose the movie for tonight.”
“Over here, assholes,” he shouted, waiting a split second for two guns to pivot in his direction before he squeezed the trigger. The agent behind Tony dropped immediately, and Steve dove sideways to duck behind a couch. Just before he landed, a second shot rang out, and something that felt like a scalding pebble kicked through Steve’s lower left side. He was just adjusting his position to return fire when he heard a third gunshot, and his heart stopped.
“Seeing that armor plunge off a horse and disappear into a hoard of Hydra soldiers has filled me with enough
Tony’s face remained neutral, but he made no move to interrupt, so Steve continued.
talking is a new tactic to throw me off.”
“I’ll keep that in mind, Dr. Stark,” Grant said flatly. “And you might want to keep your own aversion to shaming in mind when you speak with your students. You hold a lot of power over their sense of self-worth.”
All five of them whirled toward the source of the unexpected sound. Because those words had been spoken by a voice Steve hadn’t heard since he stood in the command center of the helicarrier. They had been spoken by a voice he’d thought he would never hear again. An impossible voice.
“Tony,” he managed finally, now returned mostly to his human shade.
“This you?” Tony asked him. And he must have been doing research of his own, because when he reached across the table to show Steve his phone, it was displaying the
He snapped the gun back toward Ward, only to watch him crumple to the ground as Tony hit him squarely on the temple with the pliers from the cart.
“If the situation calls for it,” Steve agreed.
“Quit your carping,” Tony muttered. He must have decided his path of retreat had been effectively cut off because he switched gears and stepped back into the elevator with elaborate casualness. “You’ve already got enough sugar in those sticky little fingers to put a horse into hyperglycemic shock.”
"So she's in the theatre program, and I'm part of the audio-visual club, and so they asked me to do the light design for this semester's showcase performance because the drama department doesn't have a light design course." Peter paused, considering that for a moment. "Or set design. Or, like, most things…"
“May worked ops with Coulson for years when she was in the field,” he explained. “They were very close. I haven’t seen her since –“ His voice tightened and he glanced up at the ceiling. “I didn’t expect to see her.”
“I don’t know,” she admitted, crossing her arms and drumming her fingers thoughtfully against her elbows. “It’s so hard to manage a proper haunting in one night. We used to have
The students stared back at him for a long moment.
“Tony, where are you going?” Steve called after him.
Tony was walking back into the penthouse as he spoke, loosening his tie and rolling up the cuffs of his sleeves in what Steve now recognized as part of his post-office ritual. Talking, too, was integral to the process – the flow of words helping to unknot whatever strings held the public performance of Tony Stark together – and though Steve was sure Tony would have solicited participation from whoever happened to be around, he had started to look forward to those few minutes at the end of the day when Tony tried to draw him out.
“I can’t prove this, but I think Nat pushed me off a building once to win $200,” Clint said.
“Just three, sir,” the crisp voice replied. “And my sensors indicate they are all locked in a standoff with the large stuffed hedgehog on the lower floor.”
He thought he should probably ask whether Tony was okay – or make a joke to cut the tension that was making the air in the room feel thicker all of a sudden – but the only thoughts he could formulate were mortifying variations of “wow” and “beautiful.”
“I was just about to come up,” he said. “I have a few finishing touches left here and then I’m all yours, Cap. Give me everything that can survive being the tiniest bit overcooked.”
“Shit,” Tony swore, eyes darting to the spot where Steve had started to sink to one knee. Steve looked up at him with a small, hopeful smile, and Tony reached out to grab his hands and press Steve’s knuckles to his lips. Tony’s hands were shaking, but so were Steve’s, and the smile on Steve’s face was brightening as he held Tony’s eyes.
Tony fumed pointlessly all the way home. He took a shower and put on his cozy robe then threw a microwave meal in. He put Dummy in his robe pocket with a handful of grapes to keep him busy and slumped down at his desk, his research spread out in front of him. He dug his photocopies from BCC out of his bag and added them to the haphazard pile. The mushy pasta and vague cream sauce from his packet meal didn't satisfy as he dug his way through it, so he stole one of Dummy's grapes.
“Thanks. Take care, Melinda,” Clint said. He walked toward Steve while May headed off after Fitz and Rumlow.
“Fuck, Steve, don’t do this,” Tony muttered. “Stay with me.”
should have thought of that,” Tony snapped back.
“That’s our cue,” Steve said, fastening the handle over the line and reaching out to Harrison. “Ready? Hold on tight.”
“Good afternoon,” Strange intoned. “The first order of business the FAC brings before you is an amendment to the faculty handbook that would allow for online meetings in extenuating circumstances. You will find the proposed language on page two of today’s agenda.”
“Hmm?” Steve replied, eloquently.
“You’re accusing me of trickery, Rogers?” he replied, “That’s rich coming from the guy who deliberately spilled his beer all over Clint to win our last Smash melee.”
If it was possible for Coulson’s face to soften, it softened, and he gave Tony one more considering look before straightening the stack of papers in front of him with a deft sweep of one hand.
Next came an order to report for duty at Camp Lehigh signed by Colonel Chester Phillips (a confirmation, at least, of the connection suggested by Erksine’s notes); notes from a doctor’s exam (featuring a truly stunning number of conditions that would have disqualified most enlistees from service); a ration card, with the regiment left blank and the hash marks indicating regular supplies had been collected for only half the period (the missing weeks suggesting that Rogers had either tried to go cold turkey on sweets or had spent substantial time behind enemy lines in September); and a transcript of an order for troop movement, which indicated that Rogers had left for London in September 1943 in the company of James Morita, James Montgomery Falsworth, Gabe Jones, Jacques Dernier, Timothy Alloysius Cadwaller Dugan, and James Buchanan Barnes (one of those names, at least, Tony knew he had come across in Carter’s biography - though Dugan had been going by “Dum Dum” by then).
“You know why,” Steve answered softly, and suddenly Tony did. Like a spur to the flank, the knowledge snapped into place and drove him forward, until his hands were cradling Steve’s jaw, and his lips were chasing Steve’s lips. Steve gasped at the contact, and for a moment his muscles tensed under Tony’s fingers. But then he melted forward, one hand pressed to the small of Tony’s back and the other brushing softly at the nape of his neck. When Tony tightened his grip, Steve relaxed into the hold, parting his lips with a soft sigh.
Grant chuckled, and this interaction was getting away from Tony somehow. He’d come here for a fight - or to get crucial, constructive critiques of his work - definitely not to stare at the way Grant’s eyes crinkled just slightly at the edges when he laughed.
“I’m afraid I’ll need to get a verbal commitment from Mr. Stark,” Steve insisted. “If you can’t accept those terms, you can ask to be assigned to a different agent, or you can try your luck with your existing team. But you should know this: no one calls HYDRA because they’ve got a celebrity crush – or even because they’re nursing a grudge against an old boss. People call HYDRA because they want someone erased from the picture. Their agents are efficient, they’re ruthless, and you won’t hear a whisper of the organization’s name until they’re already on the inside. So if I were you, I’d retain my services.”
“Natasha Romanov,” she introduced herself.
looked into Project TAHITI. You were the one who knew to search for the weapons on the helicarrier. I sensed something was wrong, but I wouldn’t have done anything about it if you hadn’t pushed me. I was just trying to get through the mission.”
It could be a complete coincidence, Tony reflected, finally completing his step to the ground floor and resuming his progress back to his car. His father had worked briefly with military operations during World War II - his stories had been part of the reason Tony developed his interest in the field - but he’d never mentioned Peggy Carter, Colonel Phillips, or anything to do with high-stakes weapons development. And despite his lack of professional success later on, Howard Stark hadn’t exactly been known for humility about his work.
When the box arrived, Tony dove into its contents immediately, eyes scanning rapidly across each item in search of any references to “Carter” or “Rebirth.” Finally he came across a clear plastic sleeve containing a collection of loose sheets of paper. The page that was visible at the top of the pile contained two short paragraphs of handwritten notes, the second of which mentioned a “reunion with Peggy Carter.”
“Ah yes,” James replied slowly, his brow furrowing, “sorry...I’m not sure what I was thinking of, exactly. I was a little distracted after the talk. Things have been tense with my, uh, volunteer work.”
“I bet JARVIS –” Steve started.
“Dr. Grant is great with the students,” Tony offered suddenly, leaning forward to fiddle with the angle of a lamp on Coulson’s desk, “irritatingly great, actually. He shows up to all their lacrosse games and glee club performances. It’s embarrassing.”
“STOP!” he yelled, using another lurch forward to shove the pin deeper against the strap. He felt it start to give and pulled back before Ward or Rumlow could notice. “Okay. Okay. I’ll tell you anything – please! Just let him up.”
“Ward thinks I bought his line about taking Garrett to the Fridge,” Coulson added. “So they won’t be expecting my team to show up as back-up.”
“To figure out how to motivate me,” Steve broke in, each word feeling like a rock against his throat.
Tony finally looked away from his argument with Clint, and he locked eyes with Steve just as he started to walk into the elevator. He started backpedaling almost immediately, but Clint was tight on his heels, and Tony only managed a one-foot retreat before he collided with an armful of snacks.
“Strangely enough, I figured that part out,” James offered, the barest hint of a smile tugging at the side of his mouth.
“Remind me never to do holiday dinners with you guys again,” Rhodey groaned. He was crouched next to Tony behind the couch opposite Steve’s, and Steve could hear the faint whir of the War Machine gauntlet as he scanned the room. “I could be falling asleep on my couch to the Vince Guaraldi Trio, and instead I’m hiding from an army of weaponized Christmas figurines.”
Natasha had changed the channel again, and Steve’s head turned inexorably toward the second news report, as if someone else had gripped his jaw and was forcing him toward the display. He knew what he was going to see, and he couldn’t bear to see it. He needed to see it.
"Look, James, I don't really understand what's going on here, but you're in danger. I think SHIELD is monitoring Stanley College. I don't know why, but you said something to me, and then right afterward - those men in the van? Look, I think maybe the Captain America initiative never ended, or they're still trying to… I'm not sure. But I think they're -"
“Communicating directly about your feelings? Sounds made up.”
“Okay boys, show us the goods,” Natasha demanded.
“Tony,” Steve said, feeling a grin break out on his face, “you said you loved me.”
“And he’s going to catch more than he bargained for,” Tony replied. “Cap, you can take the team and go get Barnes out of Bucharest. I’ll meet Zemo and politely remind him that this isn’t my first revenge rodeo.”
“So which impulse didn’t you control this time?” James asked, taking a slow sip from his own mug.
“I think I might need the band for this gig after all. You feel like putting on the suit?”
“Hilarious, Tony,” Steve replied. “This whole night has been a real barrel of laughs, starting from the moment when I thought you’d been kidnapped, but it turned out you were just picking up the first person who batted their eyelashes at you.”
“Do I have to ask?” Rhodey muttered.
“Let me guess? Super soldiers,” Steve grimaced. An idea was taking shape in his mind, and he found himself giving words to it almost against his will, even as another part of his mind was twisting desperately away from the realization. “That’s why they want me: as a back up. If the TAHITI drug doesn’t work, they can try making something with my blood. But they knew I would never let them take me alive to extract it unless –”
“Fine!” Steve snapped, making a show of sagging in the chair. “Please. I’ll tell you. Ward, I’ll tell you, because the message comes from Coulson.” He held his breath and watched the aim of Ward’s gun shift ever so slightly.
“We’ve been over this,” Steve fired back. “We have no way of knowing whether that shooter had any connection to the threats from HYDRA. He wasn’t a match for the partial print Banner found or for the profile Natasha put together. That attempt could just as easily have been
"You know, he was mentioning how much he liked the live music at that new brewery, so I think you two would really get along." She winked. "Maybe even
“I can’t get up, you asshole,” Tony groaned. “I’ve been shot.”
Or maybe, Steve thought, as he looked up and met Tony’s eyes again, Tony had guessed more than he was saying about why Steve was leaving. Maybe he was trying to throw Steve a line he could follow to find his way back.
Steve winced.
Tony bit the inside of his cheek, feeling a curl of something like shame settling in his stomach.
“I can’t believe HYDRA blew up my TV,” Tony said sorrowfully.
getting attached to Tony’s work.
“You’re the Black Widow,” he said finally, his voice sounding as if it cost him something to speak the words out loud.
“Did you find anything else in the collection?” Grant asked carefully. “Anything about a code name - or a shield?”
In the initial moments of disorientation, his body gave him few clues as to how long it had been since he’d arrived at the meeting place Hill arranged with HYDRA. Agent Sitwell had been the one sent to meet him, and he hadn’t been happy that Steve had come without Fury. For a moment, Steve had thought the whole arrangement was going to fall apart right there, and he had started calculating how valuable Sitwell might be to HYDRA if he had to try to negotiate a new one.
So that was why, after two years of throwing wrenches in the Avengers’ Thanksgiving plans, Steve was determined to make sure that year three went off without a hitch. He’d drawn up an elaborate plan for maximizing the utility of the Tower kitchen’s two ovens and seven burners and for optimizing the team’s various culinary skills. The operatives had been briefed the night before, and by 10:30 AM on Thursday, Steve was fluting a pie crust, Bruce was stripping fresh thyme leaves into an herb blend, Clint was whipping up a roux for the mushroom gravy, Thor was mashing potatoes and parsnips in an industrial-strength metal vat, and Natasha was dicing carrots and celery with a speed and precision that felt vaguely unsettling.
“No,” Steve admitted with a small smile, hunching himself even deeper into a green flannel duvet.
“Us, huh?” Steve asked softly. He let his hands fall to Tony’s hips, sketching little circles across the skin just above his jeans.
“I think it was a tactical leak,” Steve acknowledged, “to motivate her mark. She knew I needed a push. Because I’ve messed up the past two years, and I needed to tell you: pretty much everything I’m thankful for in my new life is here because of you.”
She laughed. "You want a cookie?"
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony, are you listening to me?” Pepper demanded.
“Any time, Steve,” Tony replied.
“You’re right,” Steve said, and he thought he saw a bit of tension drain out of Tony’s shoulders. “You were right about Banner. And I was wrong about you.”
“Bucky’s not my –” Steve clenched his jaw, and Tony could practically hear his teeth grinding. “What happened to Bucky is my problem.”
“Just peachy, Cap,” he said. “I’ve got great news for you.”
I never wanted to leave, Steve meant to say. But when he opened his mouth, all he could hear was a wet huff of air.
actually make a bit of a fool of myself. And I can’t actually say I regret it, but I
They made their way up to the common room, where Thor, Bruce, and Clint had already gathered around the couch with a clean-cut, dark-haired man who Steve assumed must be Agent Ward. Ward and Clint had been chatting affably, but Ward’s posture straightened as the rest of the team approached.
“I did not tie –”
that smug, chiseled bastard.
,” Tony retorted. “I said I’d been worried about you, you froze, I offered to blow you, you shot me down, and then nada, zilch, radio silence: I’ll catch you at the
“If you insist,” Natasha said sadly, and she let her dressing gown fall over her stomach as she walked over to open the door.
“Bet you could think of a few things to try,” Tony suggested, throwing his head back as Steve’s lips moved down his neck. “Not going to promise anything.”
“Tony, calm down,” she told him, but there was no chance in hell of that, because the last thing he remembered was Steve’s face through plate glass, his head tilted slightly upward as the water rose around his neck.
Tony held his gaze steadily, and Steve could almost hear Bucky’s words echoing in his ears:
“As soon as the movie is over, you pack your bags,” Tony agreed. “Now where’s my ride to the couch?”
“Steve!” Tony shouted, and some part of Steve’s mind not being squeezed in a vice realized that Tony must have removed the duct tape with his free hand, which was now gripping Steve’s left arm.
Tony's smile froze in momentary surprise and then softened.
Dr. Stark."
, I would still be hiding in that house in Novi Grad.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Tony snapped, tugging the sunglasses off his face so he could look Grant directly in the eyes. “I didn’t realize the college had hired you to provide expert training in academic advising. That seems like a lot of work on top of all your extracurricular volume policing – not to mention what appears to be a full-time position in the Department of Sisyphean Policy Battles. I hope they offered you a better life insurance policy than the rest of us if today’s little performance is any indication of how many time-consuming, untenable hills you’re planning to die on.”
“Most of them are the firm’s,” Steve clarified. “Those are in the paperwork Ms. Potts showed you. One of them is mine: that if under any circumstances I say ‘run,’ you run.”
“I didn’t know for sure until today,” he explained. “Loki told me Bucky was alive – back in New York, when he was impersonating me after the battle. I didn’t tell anyone at the time, because it took me a while to even remember what Loki had said. Getting hit with the staff made the whole thing feel like a dream. And then I wasn’t sure whether it was true or whether he was just manipulating me. I didn’t want to get my hopes up. But when I saw the Winter Soldier outside my apartment, he caught my shield, and I was almost positive I recognized his eyes.”
“Well then we’ve got to work out some kind of system here,” Tony countered, “because I don’t know if your eagle eyes have picked up on this, but a lot of people get close to me. And letting them get close to me is one of the only things I do for this company that Pepper couldn’t do better.”
“Does anyone else need to disguise their concern for each other with mockery, or can we get this briefing over with?” she asked. “I’ve been in this dress for almost twenty-four hours, and if I don’t get something fried to eat soon I’m going to impale the next person I see with these heels.”
Tony looked down at the two cups. "No, they're both for me."
“You know, it usually takes people longer than this to grow suspicious of my ability to meet deadlines,” Tony remarked.
They stayed like that for what might have been ten seconds or ten hours before Steve heard Natasha’s wry voice from across the gym.
Tony rose from his chair, giving Coulson a mock salute. He was almost to the door before Coulson called out a final time.
“Yeah, well, we have that in common,” Tony pointed out. “If I remember correctly, you just walked willingly into a trap set by your mortal enemies – an organization that cursed your name for most of the twentieth century – armed with nothing but a hot bobby pin. So I guess we’ve got ‘near-suicidal stubbornness’ going for us.”
Here he’d been thinking that Steve Rogers and Project Rebirth might be the key to a new narrative about the SSR, and the entire time, there’d been a whole goddamn secret government agency sitting right under his nose.
“My team has the mission specs if you decide to join us,” May acknowledged. She inclined her head slightly toward Skye, who started packing up her equipment. “The bus leaves at 1800.”
“But you defeated their leader in mighty battle,” Thor said to Steve, his brow furrowed. “The legends say that you foiled their plot for domination.”
Steve couldn’t lift his head to look, but he could picture the image. He’d first seen it on the front lines, when a young French solider had gotten thrown into a tree by a landmine. Steve had pulled open the man’s jacket to check for wounds and watched the hemorrhage expanding across his midsection like a dark nebula.
The last time, that was, until yesterday, when he had gotten word that a mission in Lagos had ended with Steve jumping shield-first onto an exploding Brock Rumlow. That night Tony had woken up in a cold sweat, having dreamed once again of watching the light go out of a pair of brilliant blue eyes, and he had been on the road headed out of the city before the sun rose.
“I already told you I’m not doing that,” Bruce said, at the same time that Tony fired back, “We’ll see about that, Point Break.”
“I’m sorry, Tony,” Steve said, his voice oddly strained, “but there’s no other way out.”
Tony shrugged and took a deep sip from each coffee to keep them balanced. He restacked them, shifted his bag back onto his shoulder, and walked the other way, to the far end of the row. He turned back towards Pepper's office and nearly collided with someone else. "Good lord. I've never seen this place so packed. Are they giving out free weed in the foyer?"
Truth be told, he had some other preoccupations waiting to take their place. Ever since the night in the workshop, Steve had been finding ways to spend more time with Tony. He didn’t want to push his luck, but Tony had opened the door just a little bit, and Steve was almost incapable of giving up ground once he had gained it. So he had taken to doing his reading in the common areas, where he could often catch Tony coming up for coffee at odd hours. And when he felt particularly brave, he brought his sketchbook down to the workshop and doodled on the couch while Tony went over designs or tested alloys or bantered with JARVIS.
Dr. Coulson looked up from his papers and managed to visibly sigh without moving or exhaling. "For you? Never."
"We need to talk about where we're taking Rhodey for his birthday when he gets back from his mission overseas. Thanks for the coffee!" she called after him.
But before he could reach for the other stairwell door, it opened too, and more men poured out. He was so fucked. There was another loud bang, and a hot flush tingled in the side of Tony's arm. He looked down to see a tear in his shirt and a red stain.
he hissed, and Tony turned on his heel and ran.
Steve winced, and his hand dropped from Tony’s neck, hovering over the place on his chest where Tony had shocked him.
Steve let out a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.
Steve shook his head, his brows furrowing.
Tony’s face hardened again, and he took two steps forward, so close to Steve that he had to tilt his head back to look into Steve’s eyes.
Tony was inside the house, and the house was gone.
“I’ll trust him a little more or less after I go through this disk myself,” Natasha replied. “But I don’t like this set up. Why would May send her specialist to deliver this information? Why not turn it over to Fury and let him handle the briefing? Why not send Skye to explain what she found herself?”
“You win.”
“Fuck,” Tony swore. “Hill, I need emergency medical
“If it makes you feel any better, Cap, the Malibu house is pretty easy to find anyway. I’m not one for subtlety, as you’ve been known to point out. In fact, you’d love the place – plenty of coastline where you could run yourself into the ground to take the edge off.”
with Dummy in his sweatpants and calling it a day off. The tow truck was going to charge him exorbitantly for this, and it could be hours before it'd even get here. Tony wasn't sure how long his car battery would hold out to keep the heater on.
“Captain.” Steve felt Thor’s strong hand settle on his shoulder. “If Stark is alive, he knows you will come for him. We will not leave our friend behind.”
He took a deep breath of the remaining pocket of air and then swam back down to the bottom of the door, wedging the edge of the shield in the small gap where it met the floor. Bracing himself against the frame, he kicked down at the shield with as much force as he could. It was hard to get momentum under water, but the shield jolted enough to raise the door an inch. Steve knew it would get easier as water filled the corridor on the other side, so he watched through the window, staying as still as possible to conserve oxygen.
"Why not? I heard it was lemon meringue day. Don't tell me I skipped a week by accident again and it's cherry cobbler…"
The voice of Phil Coulson, who was walking casually into the kitchen.
“Dear Mrs. Barnes,” it read. “I can’t even find the words to tell you how sorry I am –” Then there was a dark spot and a small tear in the page, as if the pencil had pressed too hard on the next words. The remaining paper was blank except for a lonely sign-off: “More love than I can say, Steve Rogers.”
“I gotta say, Rogers, I would have thought the situation would feel more familiar,” Tony fired back, “because speaking of people who withheld information until they could blindside someone with their guard down –”
“This shouldn’t have happened,” Tony muttered darkly.
“I know we said we weren’t going to get each other anything for Christmas,” Tony said eventually, clearing his throat to dispel some of the tightness in his chest, “but I do have this little thing.” He turned to the entryway table and pulled a raucously colored gift bag out of a lower cabinet.
“You can’t use your newfangled acronyms to confuse me,” Steve protested, gripping one of Tony’s shoulders carefully while jumping back to put his feet out of range of the shorter man’s legs. “That’s cheating.”
doing
He realized he’d been gazing into Steve’s eyes, and he gave himself a mental shake. Right, Tony: you offered to listen, not to swoon over how soft his eyelashes look up close.
“Who are you trying to look so fuckable for tonight?” he leered, leaning one arm against the bookcase so he could loom over Tony.
“A bit overdramatic, Rogers,” Thor observed.
“Wanda and I can go along,” Vision said.
There was a beat where they just stared at each other. Then Grant looked at his car. "You okay?"
“Let’s not, Cap,” Tony snapped. “I get that ‘stoic but kind’ is your professional M.O., but it would be a lot easier to pretend I’m not trapped in a small, dark box with the man who’s been ignoring me for weeks if you would just...you know...keep ignoring me.”
Steve might have expected that a man like Tony Stark – whose tendency to ditch corporate functions to go base jumping in Hong Kong was the stuff of
“Sassing, surprisingly, is permitted by the contracts,” Steve replied.
“I’m taking care of it,” Tony waved his hand. “It’s just some private citizen with a grudge.”
“Sure,” Clint replied magnanimously, “whatever helps you feel at ease. Just…sit down, will you? You’re making me nervous over there.”
“May.” Clint’s voice registered a momentary shock, and then Tony watched his face go eerily blank, like someone had shut a door behind his eyes. Tony glanced sideways at Steve, who seemed just as confused as he was by Clint’s reaction. But Natasha must have anticipated it, because she moved smoothly in front of him, trailing one hand lightly down Clint’s arm as she shifted positions. She returned May’s nod, which Tony could only imagine was some spy version of game recognizing game.
A small smile flickered at the corner of Dr. Grant's lips, and Tony wondered how many co-eds he'd gone through in grad school. The legs were still presenting a serious problem.
“A decoy from what?” Steve asked. “You think he’s not really after the TAHITI files?”
He pushed his fingers into the space between rooms and encountered only solid mortar.
Tony had to reread the lines three times, his mind racing through a maze of implications. His father had met Steve Rogers - had actually worked on Rebirth - and had somehow been sworn to such a degree of secrecy about it that Tony had never heard either name pass his lips. And if the original materials for the weapons project had been destroyed, that might explain why so few mentions of the project had slipped past the censors.
“I think you know how,” she told him, almost gently. “And I think you know from whom.”
“Was that a joke, Rogers? Well bless my stars and stripes and alert the National Guard. I think you’ll have to fight Thor for bass, though. Maybe Romanov too. We can hold auditions when you get back.” He paused, standing just a few feet away now, bouncing lightly on the balls of his feet. “You are coming back,” he finished, another question-as-statement.
“Half of those things don’t even sound like they were meant for sex,” Bruce pointed out.
As soon as Tony caught sight of Steve at the kitchen sink, he knew something was wrong.
given up a
“Starting the year as we mean to continue,” Steve murmured.
“I love you too, you big sap,” Tony replied, and as the team whooped and set off a round of Christmas crackers, he pulled Steve back down by the front of his Iron Man sweater.
"Hey!" Tony shouted.
“Tony,” Steve managed, ignoring the screaming protest in his head and torso as he lurched into a sitting position so he could scan Tony’s face. He traced one thumb shakily over Tony’s temple, just next to the angry gash across his eyebrow. Tony squeezed his eyes shut as if in pain.
adorably) called “going steady,” and Rhodey had been selected for a cadet exchange program in Germany. And so just at the moment when Steve had decided to move out and give his best friends more privacy, Tony found himself down a roommate.
“Come on, Cap!” Clint protested. “I’d be the best choice. I get knocked out all the time. I know which ways hurt the least, and which ones make the funniest stories later.”
Steve was rocked by a wave of devotion so fierce that for a moment he forgot the icy needles slicing at his torso. Of course Tony wasn’t going to make this easy: he had never accepted a no-win scenario in his life. And Steve loved the fight in him like it was the last warmth in the world.
Tony paused for a moment, pretending to look at the progress of the fire to buy himself some time. Probing conversations with Steve were no longer rare. These days, Tony often found himself looking for Steve when he needed to untangle thoughts that had gotten snarled up in his mind. Or else Steve would show up in Tony’s workshop with his hands fisted on his hips, and Tony would launch into a monologue until Steve had loosened up enough to complain about the SHIELD meeting – or to admit that Peggy had forgotten who he was for a full hour during his last visit. But Steve had never started a discussion that put such direct pressure on the one place where their deepening friendship bruised and didn’t heal: on the place where Tony dreamed of what he knew he couldn’t have.
), Tony had said fuck it and decided to drive to Brooklyn.
all day, then I demand caffeine first.”
“Tony, I almost got you hurt today. When I called out to you –”
"Brooklyn, right?" Tony asked, suddenly catching a hint of an accent.
“You’ve got Rhodey on loan from the Air Force and weekly shipments of my tech,” he finally told her over the phone. “Those are my better halves anyway. Now when are you coming to the city? I picked up a vodka in St. Petersburg that’s going to make your graceful, murderous little toes curl.”
But finally, after extended phone arguments with someone Steve assumed must be John Garrett, Sitwell had taken the TAHITI files and told Steve to get into the back of the town car. Once inside, Steve had been instructed to handcuff himself and drink the vial of liquid attached to the side door. Steve had counted on being knocked out one way or the other before the journey to HYDRA headquarters, and he had drained the glass tube without hesitating.
But he didn’t pause to hear the rest, because Tony had taken off after Simmons, and Steve stepped out after him. Tony beckoned for the two agents carrying the stretcher to stop, and as he leaned over Harrison’s body, the side of his face was just visible. The lines at the corners of his mouth were pinched tight, and Steve felt something painful squeeze through the numbness in his chest. As Steve approached, Tony straightened and waved the stretcher on.
