The others got off stage when everyone started clapping. Cas played something different on the keyboard and looked up. "Well, as long as I'm up here, not trying to take advantage or anything. There's a song that I took out of the last album. I wrote it after there was a little uh, miscommunication with the man who's sadly, stuck with me for the rest of his life. Not to beat a dead horse...but, this has kinda been stuck in my head for like two years. This song is called So Soon."
"Are you crazy?! Do you know how much trouble we'll be in?" Cas asked loudly. Dean covered Cas mouth. "Not so loud! We have to run away. We'll never see each other again if we don't!" Cas was silent for a minute. "Where would we go?"
"Then when, Dean?" Cas crossed his arms in front of him and stared Dean down. He felt his eyelid start to twitch.
Dean covered Cas' mouth. Everyone was looking at him. "Sorry." He apologized over and over until they made it out if the bar. Cas pulled out his phone and called Charlie. "And no getting the first round out of the way so you last longer." Dean grabbed the phone. "Sorry Charlie, bet's off."
“You got it.” Cas slowed his pace until it was almost painful. He could tell Dean was unravelling by the way he moved himself with Cas and by the way his breathing had changed. Then, Cas rammed himself into Dean, causing his partner to let a deep, destroyed groan out. The sound alone put Cas over the edge.
"No. He was infantry. Although, I don't really see the difference. I do the same thing except I jump out of a plane." Cas nodded, taking another bite. "So you get a chance to see the town? I mean there's not much here but I could show you around if you want." Cas swallowed his food before speaking. "Yeah, that'd be great." Dean nodded, helping himself to more pancakes. "So what's your story? Why are you traveling?" Cas shrugged. "Just needed to get away." Dean nodded again. "What about you? Why did you join the Army?"
Dean smiled. Cas unbuttoned Dean's jeans, pushing them down. Dean kicked them the rest of way. Cas moved his hands over Dean's ass, squeezing his buttocks as he passed over them. Dean grunted into Cas' mouth and pushed himself down on him, dragging his own erection along Cas'.
Dean put his arm around his best friend and walked him to the car, opening the door for him. "Such the gentleman." Mrs Novak ruffled Dean's hair. Dean half smiled then looked at Cas. He pulled a piece of paper out of his pocket and handed it to Cas. "I drew it for you. Don't open it yet." Cas smiled, his other hand on the car door. Dean sniffed and wiped his nose on his sleeve, fighting back the tears. Big boys don't cry after all.
Dean was walking down the hall, heading toward the room he shared with Cas. Suddenly, he looked up, raised an eyebrow, and backed up. Cas was in Naomi’s room. He watched for a moment as Cas searched frantically for who knows what.
The two walked up the aisle, still hand in hand, and went to the room set aside for them to wait in before the reception started. Once there, Cas grabbed Dean's hips and pulled him in as close as he could, claiming Dean's mouth in a deep kiss. Dean opened up to Cas, letting him explore the depths of his mouth with his tongue. "Do we have to go down there?" Cas said against Dean's lips.
Dean looked back at the floor and nodded. "That's what everyone kept telling me." He looked out the window. "Did Charlie tell you just how...crazy I was, after?"
Dean leaned back on his elbows and watched Cas as he entered his own little world, as he often did when he played and sang. Cas was truly talented. Dean had no doubt in his mind that Cas and his band could one day sign a recording contract. Dean knew that if it wasn't for football, he'd be stuck in this town working at his uncle Bobby's auto shop the rest of his life. He knew Cas would get out of this town, some how. Be it college or music. Cas was going to set the world on fire one day. Cas finished, he set the guitar on back on the stand. Dean sat up and caught his hand, pulling Cas to the floor and giving Cas no choice but to straddle him. Dean let his head fall to the floor and lightly tugged Cas' hoodie, forcing him to follow Dean down. He lifted his head just enough to brush his lips against Cas', closing his eyes as he did. “You are the most amazing person I've ever known.” He whispered against Cas' lips. Cas' breath caught, swearing to himself that Dean whispered like that on purpose. Cas instinctively pushed himself downward, grinding his already growing erection onto Dean. Dean inhaled sharply before Cas kissed him gently, being mindful of his stitches that probably slightly irritated Dean's lips. Dean apparently didn't seem to mind. Cas moved his lips down Dean's jaw, to his neck and sliding his hand up Dean's shirt to feel his smooth skin. Dean ran his hands down Cas' ribs, resting them on his hip and pulling Cas closer until their chests were pressing against each other. Cas' lips whispered down to Dean's collarbone, sliding his hand further up Dean's shirt. Dean raised his arms as Cas pulled the shirt over Dean's head. Cas sat up and pulled his own shirt off, tossing it aside. Dean took the opportunity to run his fingers up and down Cas' chest and torso to the hem of his pants. Cas took both Dean's hands in his, entwining their fingers together, he moved both hands above Dean's head. Lowering himself back down pressing his lips gently against Dean's. Dean's lips parted. Taking advantage, Cas dipped his tongue inside, moving it slowly across Dean's and up to the roof of Dean's mouth. Slowly sliding a hand down Dean's arm, down his chest, to his jeans. He tucked a finger just under the waist then pushed his erection on Dean's causing a small moan to escape. Cas unbuttoned and unzipped Dean's jeans, pulling them down to his ankles. Dean pushed off his shoes then kicked off his jeans followed by his boxers. Cas took in the sight of Dean absolutely naked, something he didn't get to do last time. He slowly ran his hands up Dean's torso to his chest then back down again. They heard a car door close and Dean's eyes shot open.
Hey everyone! I still have quite a bit to do in this story and I well update as much as I can. anyways...
Charlie sighed. "Dean... I don't know what to do. I'll try and talk to him some more. Maybe he'll come around."
"Not bad Omega. Looks like your brother taught you well." The Alpha half smiled, taking a drink of water the Omega handed to him.
Dean smiled and kissed him again. "Don't lie, you missed me." Cas pushed him playfully and rolled his eyes. "Just help me with my bag."
They put a neck brace around him and put him onto a stretcher. He heard them say Dean possibly had a concussion. Before they took him, Dean opened his eyes.
All of the Omegas and Alphas were just standing there, unsure of what to do. Dean jumped on top of the Jeep and got everyone’s attention.
Dean closed his eyes. "I hate myself for that. I've never felt like that with you. Ever. I just didn't know what to do. And you were slipping away from me before my eyes."
"Only that you walked in the house without a word and came straight up to your room. It's not your normal pattern."
"Well, I wanted to get as far away as possible." Dean looked at him. He was still tracing the cup with his finger. "Can I ask why?"
Dean looked at his hand and then showed it to Cad from the couch. "My hand is sore and bruised, so..."
Shit. He'd done it now. Damn his memory. Cas bit his lip. "And I happen to be one of them." He sighed as he removed his aviators and looked at his feet before looking up, flashing his blue eyes at Dean.
When he got back to the ballroom, a slow song had started. He recognized it immediately, Everything I Do by Brian Adams. Cas watched everyone when suddenly a hand took his. He looked up to see Dean beaming at him.Dean pulled him out to the dance floor and brought Cas in close, with his hands on Cas' hips. Cas put his arms around Dean's neck. "I don't know what I'm doing."
"Well that's not gonna happen. It's all real babe." Dean sat up. "Now that your mom is out..." he leaned in and kissed Cas.Cas moved so he was laying down and pulled Dean down with him, not breaking the kiss. His phone rang in his pocket. His head fell back to the couch. "Dammit. Who the fuck..." He took his phone out and answered. "Hello?" "Is this Cas?" "Yeah."
"And, why is it so hard for you, exactly? It's not like you ever..." Cas stopped and sighed. "Never mind. Just...never mind. You don't want me here anyway." He shook his head and turned to leave.
"That's so far away!" She gasp. Dean leaned closer to Cas. "Kill me please." Cas snorted. "What was that?" Rowena asked. "Nothing, I don't think you've met Cas, my soul mate." He nudged Cas. "No, I don't believe I have." She looked slightly hurt. She shook Cas' hand. "Well, it was nice seeing you but I think I just found my family." He took Cas hand and walked towards his family. "Who was that?" Cas looked behind him. "The most annoying woman alive."
Dean nodded, flicking the ashes of his cigarette. He pulled the pack out and offered one to Cas. He took one and Dean lit it for him. "Thanks."
Cas looked at Dean. "And just think, the night is still young." Dean kissed Cas again, biting his lip. "Oh, yours is coming. When you least expect it." Cas flashed a smile. "Don't threaten me with a good time Winchester." He took Dean by the hand. "Let's get back to the party I made."
"I can't pick one. I don't even know if we'll be able too anyways. And asking to would just be rude. Like 'hi I'm a huge fan! Mind if I take the spotlight from you for a few minutes?' Nobody is there to see my band play anyway." He finished the song and sent it to each band member.Dean gave Cas a small kiss on the cheek. "Well, you never know. They might be cool with it. It doesn't hurt to be prepared, for sure."
Gabriel was Castiel's older brother. They had another brother named Michael, the oldest and a doctor.
"No sign of him here either. Adam just called. They'll keep looking but uh...you may want to check the bad side of town."
The band walked up to the stage. They handed the award to Cas and he stood behind the podium. He ran his fingers through his hair, moving his bangs away from his face. "Holy shit." He said as the song faded. "Wow. I think for the second time in my life I'm speechless." He looked around at the audience. "This is awesome! I honestly never expected to win anything tonight. I'm just absolutely blown away. Uh, I obviously want to thank the fans for this. Thanks to everyone who helped with the video. To my friends and family, especially my husband Dean. And just everyone who made this possible. Thank you all."
“Fuck you feel so good...” Dean breathed. He reached down and took Cas' dick in his hand, stroking in rhythm with his hips.
"So this chick gets a whole hair and make up team and what do we get? 'Wear your own clothes and go play in the abandoned haunted hotel. I can live with this."
Cas smiled. "Touring with the band, a bunch of number one hits and..." He looked at Dean. "With you."
Dean turned off the Impala and got out, running to the front door. Locked. Of course it was. He ran around back. Locked. He pounded on the door. "Cas! I know you're in there, your bike is out front."
"Oh, just wanted to introduce myself. Hey, do you guys have any original songs? Like, ones you wrote yourselves?"
In front of him was Cas, taking off his over shirt. He held it over Dean's eye. Dean moved away when the cloth stung his eye, not really understanding. "You're bleeding." Cas said calmly. Dean tilted his head, confused. Cas had a few cuts on his face and his cheek was swollen, causing a fresh wave of anger in Dean. And...was his shirt...torn?
Cas was sitting on the floor drumming on his legs with the plastic utensils from lunch, trying to do anything to keep his mind off the itch and craving. Nothing was really helping, so he decided to lightly bang his head on the wooden foot board of the bed. chanting "Fuck my life" in time with his head hitting the wood. At least it relieved the boredom for a bit, until he got a headache. Two days and he was already going insane. He forgot he had music going. The mix that Dean gave him was playing. He hadn't listened to it all the way through, only the first couple songs. The current song ended followed by about ten seconds of silence. Then...
"We're keeping him in the ICU ward for the time being. One of his ribs punctured a lung and he's having trouble breathing on his own. His left arm is broken, and the bike shattered his right leg. His skull was also fractured from the impact. If he didn't have his helmet on, this would be a different story" Dean once again put his arm around Charlie. "He would be dead." He finished the doctor's thought. The doctor nodded.
"I know. God, the look on his face Charlie...he didn't even let me explain. I didn't even know Jaxon was gay until he...did that."
Adam stood up. "Well, let's get to it. Party time, y'all. These two idjits finally coming to terms with their feelings calls for celebration."
Dean waited until he was sure Cas was done before pulling back and getting to his feet. He swallowed hard, then gargled the hot shower water, which he spit into the drain. He laughed at Cas, who was leaned against the shower wall, eyes closed and cheeks flushed. "Been awhile?"
"And backstage passes. I won a contest while you were in rehab. It was for a chance to play on stage with Marianas Trench." Cas looked at him. "Are you serious?" Dean smiled. "Holy shit! This is amazing!" He practically jumped on Dean and kissed him. "How did you win?" He asked when he pulled away. "I had to finish a part of one of their songs. They announced the contest a few weeks in advance so I memorized all of their songs."
"I'm gonna go find some booze." Meg said over the loud, terrible rap music thudding through the sound system in the living room.
"I almost didn't. When you came into the bathroom just now I got defensive. Sharing and caring has never been my strongest trait. So, I'm sorry. For being an ass about it."
"I hope so. I can't imagine being without him. I'm in love with him, Charlie." Dean's voice trailed off and broke. "I'm going to let him sleep and try talking to him when he's rested. I'll call you. And I know you do. This isn't your fault."
School was starting again in just two days. Dean and Cas were set to leave in the morning. Dean noticed everyone being secretive the day before, so he tried to pull information out of Cas to no avail. Cas said he wanted to go out to lunch and see a movie as a casual date. Dean agreed.
"And I'm not sure, but I think you're mom might show. I may have let slip your dad hit you...twice."
John or Sam would open his door and check on him just to make sure he was still alive. Worried he might try to end his life. And he did try.
Cas trotted down the stairs, slapping Dean's ass as he passed by. "A woman wouldn't know how to handle your jerky. Now... how do I look?"
"You know where it's at." Cas headed to the bathroom. Charlie sat on the couch, head in her hands. "He doesn't believe me," she thought to herself.
"You think he told your dad" Dean cut the engine and sighed. He took the key out of the ignition and looked at Cas. "Of course he did. He gossips more than housewives on a party line." Cas laughed. He didn't know what he was going to say to his dad. He knew he had to tell him the truth. Just not right now. He got out of the car and walked up to the front door. After unlocking it he held it open for Cas. Closing it behind the he looked up and froze. There in the kitchen was John. Leaning against the counter with his arms crossed. "How did you get in? " John pulled a key out of his pocket. The back door. How ironic. "So you talked to Mack?" He took a few steps forward and moved in front of Cas. "Oh yeah. Said he saw you grab him and run off down the road. He followed you." Dean's heart dropped then rose to his throat. "Saw you through the window." Dean moved forward. Cas grabbed his arm. Dean motioned him to stay put. "How long?"
Dean walked over to a jukebox in the corner and put his quarters in. He scanned through the songs and found the perfect one. He hit play.
He closed the front door and sighed. He pulled out his phone to see a text message. He opened it and read:
"And to think I told Cas to invite you. I actually thought that we could forget our differences and move forward. Clearly I was wrong. You know, I had no idea why Cas always wanted to come over after school and not want to go home. Why he would never invite me over. But now I do. He wanted to get away from his self-righteous, controlling, dick parents." The room fell quiet. The second ticked by like hours. "I will not be spoken to in this manner!" Dean looked at her. "Why not? That's how you talk to him!"
"Hey, remember when you used to sleep over?" Dean's voice tick with sleep. Cas smiled. "Yeah, we would make a blanket fort and sleep on a bunch of pillows from around the house." Dean smiled and put his hand on Cas'. Cas looked at him. "I'm glad you're here Cas. I've missed you." Cas chuckled. "I've missed you too." He bent down and kissed Dean on the forehead. "Where else would I be?"
Their lips met. Everything around them seemed to stand still, every noise nothing but whispers in the background. Dean moved his hand from Cas' tie to his face. Cas parted his lips, breathing in. Dean seized the opportunity. He slowly moved his tongue between Cas' lips. The sweet taste of Cas hit him instantly, and he wanted more. He pulled Cas even closer until their chests were touching. Their tongues danced around each other.
"Seriously?!" Charlie stared at Cas. "Good thing I excel in pulling things out of my ass." Charlie made a face at him. "Shut up. You know what I mean."
Cas flipped her off with a smile. Dean put a finger under Cas' chin, tipping his head up slightly. "I love you."
"When did that happen?" Dean was confused for a moment. "Oh.. yeah. Last night. Still getting used to it."
Cas put his hand on Dean's. "Well, it's all null and void now because I'm here. And I'm not hiding this from them anymore."
Naomi was silent. "Mom?" Cas sat up amd looked at her. If eyes could shoot lasers, she would have put a hole in the wall.  She turned and rushed out  of Cas' room. Cas jumped up, following her out to the stairs. "Uh, mom? What are you doing?"
"No. No buts. Don't you back out of this because you're scared. You will never find someone like Dean ever again. He's in it for the long haul."
"And told them that it's unfair how you two have been treated." Naomi said. Mary continued. "We also said their kids should be so lucky to said that they are probably the reason their kids are intolerant and we as parents should lead by example. We also said their kids should be so lucky to know both of you amazing boys." Dean and Cas stared at Naomi and Mary.
Dean jumped down and helped Cas get down, pulling him into a tight hug. As everyone started making their way down the dirt path, Dean and Cas stayed by the Jeep.
"Where's Meg...? Oh there! I'm gonna go dance with my girl. Behave." Cas laughed. "And you've known me for how long?"
“Well, put these on while you're admiring this. I don't think the neighbors will appreciate you like I do.”
"I may have cracked my skull but I'm still a genius. Not to mention you should have my name as your password. That's the first thing people will try."
"You're no good to him dead, Dean. If you don't go home and get some rest, you will be because I'll kill you myself." She smiled.
Cas already knew what to say. "Make me come." Dean shuttered at the sound, the need in his voice. He tilted his head back and moaned. He trust into Cas hard and fast, hand still in rhythm. Cas moaned loudly as he came. Dean put his hand over the tip of Cas' dick, making sure none got on the couch. He wiped his hand on his shirt. Grabbing Cas' hips He moved him back and forth, slamming Cas on his dick. Cas continued to moan. "I'm gonna come inside you. Gonna come so hard." He moaned. He slowed himself for a moment, trying to make himself last just a bit longer. Then he couldn't help himself. Hearing Cas moaning sent him over the edge. He tilted his head back again, moaning as he came. He thrust a few more times then pulled out.
"Don't take that tone with us Dean Henry." John said sternly. Dean just narrowed his eyes at his parents, grabbed Cas' hand and stomped up the stairs. Cas heard John and Mary as they went. "This is so hard for him." Cas looked at Dean. "Hold on, I have to go to the bathroom." Dean nodded and went to his room.
Cas put his hands in his pockets. "Gee, I don't know, probably because I'm gay, he’s gay, and we're together." Cas stared at his father.
He really didn't want to get up and put wood on the fire. He would rather lay there under Cas' arm for the rest of his life. He sighed and wiggled out from under Cas and scooted on his butt to the fireplace. He grabbed some wood and set them in the fireplace and blew on the embers. Within seconds the dry wood ignited.
Dean looked up at him. "That was different. We were teenagers in my living room. You know, with no people watching."
She stepped aside and let Dean in and took a deep breath. In a sarcastic voice she spoke. "Dean! It's so nice to see you. Castiel will be right down." Dean looked at her, confused. Naomi rolled her eyes and smiled. Dean shook his head. He and Naomi heard a door open upstairs.
"He does. And he isn't happy about it. But I told him that if he wants to be miserable then he can do it alone. He made a choice."
Cas woke up the next morning finally being able to move. He had no idea how Dean made him damn near completely immobile and even unable to talk for a minute. He looked over to see Dean facing him, snoring. He smiled. He slowly got out of bed and grabbed some boxers and a pair of worn ripped black skinny jeans with slits going from the pocket to the knees. After he slipped them on, he grabbed his cigarettes and walked out to the balcony. He lit the cigarette then stretched. The sun was up and the city still moving. He looked down at the engagement ring on his finger and smiled. They had been through so much. He would sometimes wonder why Dean chose to stay with him back in high school, but he knew why. Even then, Dean loved him.
The next few days were gone in the blink of an eye. Dean officially announced that he was going to Huston Texas to play for the Longhorns. Cas spent as much time as he could with his small group of friends and Dean. The night before Cas' departure, Dean took him to Suicide Drop. They laid on the hood of the Impala for hours watching the stars, after they had sex in the back seat of course.
When they got there everyone had a spot saved. Sitting on a blanket. When people saw Dean, they would shake his hand and thank him for serving. He would smile and thank them even though he didn't want to be thanked. There were three other soldiers that left with him after Pearl Harbor. He was the only one who made it back alive. Guys he grew up with. A few people asked why he wasn't in his uniform. He gave excuses but he didn't want to wear it as a reminder of what happened. He looked at all the kids running around with sparklers and smiled. Remembering when that used to be him and Sam. Once it was dark enough the fireworks show began. He looked down at Cas who was sitting next to him. Smiling as his eyes lit up. He had forgotten he brought his camera. Cas bought him a new one. He grabbed it and took pictures. Cas looked at him and smiled. He looked up at the sky as they were being lit up; Wondering if his unit was celebrating too.
Hello everyone! I hope you're enjoying so far because I'm loving writing this! Anywhore! Here's chapter three!!
"Thank you." Dean smoothed out the collar then turned to the mirror and tied his tie. "I still don't see why we have to go." Cas complained. Dean smiled, folding down his collar. "You know my mom, she's all about these things so she can brag about me and Sammy." Cas fell back on to Dean's bed. "I hate parties." Dean laughed and looked at him through the mirror. "I know. You always have, but you would still come to all of my birthday parties." Cas raised his head. "Because it was you. You always made everything fun." Dean smoothed out his sleeves. "Can't argue that." He turned around and walked to Cas and pulled him to his feet. "I'll make this fun too. Promise."
Cas was finally feeling at home on the stage again. He had almost forgotten how good it felt to be up there, in the lights, playing his music and interacting with the fans. It's what he'd always been good at. The crowd was going nuts. During Celebrity Status he jumped off stage and walked through the crowd singing and jumped along with them.
Gabriel shrugged. “Apparently you get surprised a lot. And yeah, I should have warned you. Don’t want to catch you being, well… the catcher.”
"Hey there, folks. Gonna start off round two with one of our own. This is the first time we've ever played an original song out in public. Hope you enjoy."
He got up and grabbed his duffel, setting it down on the bed. He unzipped it and pulled out faded jeans, a solid navy t-shirt, and a red, blue, and white long sleeve flannel shirt. When he was dressed, he followed Cas downstairs and to the Christmas tree. Cas grabbed a present, handing it to Dean. "Santa did come." Dean joked. Cas smiled and shook his head. "Just open it."
headboard again, knuckles white and eyes squeezed closed. Dean felt a warm sensation in his groin and couldn't think anymore.
“He didn't try to...” Dean couldn't finish the sentence. He almost didn't want a response, but he got one. All it was, was a nod.
"Josh, nice to meet you." He extended his hand. Cas just stood there. Charlie elbowed him in the ribs. "Cas." He replied a little too loudly, shaking the man's hand. Josh laughed. "Relax Cas, I won't bite. Not hard anyways." He winked. Cas smiled. "See? Better already.Come on in, I'll introduce you to the rest of the band." He patted Cas on the shoulder.Cas looked at Dean and Charlie as Josh led him to meet everyone, mouthing "holy shit." Dean smiled and blew Cas a quick kiss and Charlie gave a thumbs up.
Dean put his arm around his husband and leaned toward his ear. "That's what the suite upstairs is for."
Cas rolled his eyes and got up. As much as he wanted Dean to stay, they had their own stuff going on. And Cas had to do a bunch of interviews to promote the album when it was finished. Dean sat up. Cas watched Dean from behind. He was going to miss that sight. They got out of bed and put their clothes on. Dean packed up his things and Cas helped load them into the car.
"How long have you been a faggot?" Dean kept his distance. Even though John's voice was calm, it warned Dean to tread lightly. "A long time. Took me til high school to figure it out."
Dean smiled against Cas' skin as he planted soft kisses between his shoulder blades. He enjoyed watching Cas struggle to keep his composure, but, really, how much composure could a guy keep once he's undressed in the backseat of someone else's car?
The waitress came and took everyone's orders; pancakes for Charlie, waffles for Meg, a farmer's omelet for Dean, and Spanish scrambled eggs for Cas. Plates of bacon and sausage were shared.
"So, what happened in my ten year absence?" Cas asked after the server took their orders. "Tell me everything." His electric blue eyes gleaming in the candlelight. "There's not much to tell. I was upset for a long time after you left. Life went on, and I made it seem like I was okay. I never was okay. There wasn't a day that went by where I didn't think of you. I finally knew why when I turned thirteen, but I think I might have known before that, deep down anyway."
The vice chairman sat down and the others began talking quietly amongst themselves. Cas spoke to the room, from his seat.
Cas smiled. "What did I tell you?" He patted RJ on the neck. "All he wants to do is run. Just gotta let him.” He looked at RJ. “Let's get you cleaned up, buddy. Your daddy's gonna be real proud…”
Cas paused. He noticed spots on the page that looked like...dry tears. Dean cried while he wrote this. He imagined Dean biting his lip, trying not to cry. He remembered that day when Dean went to the doctor. It was the day before Sam's wedding; And he had written this just few days ago. Meaning he might have only had a few weeks or days left. He made himself finish the letter.
"So, once again, it's because we're gay. If it were a jock and a female cheerleader, it would be fine. It's not like doing this is going to bring the big gay bus into town."
Technically this is the last chapter, but there is an epilogue that I'm adding to as well. So folks...here it is! Chapter 10!
Zachariah closed his eyes and clenched his fist. "...was successful and well-off where he was. He could live his life however he wanted and..."
"Feels like it is. I guess I'll let you get some sleep too. See ya." He hung up. He set his phone on his nightstand and put his arm over his eyes. At least Cas was safe.
“Cas, just tell me...please!” He wasn't yelling, but he was shaking with anger and he knew Cas could feel it radiating off him.
Dean climbed out of his 1935 Chevrolet Coupe and sighed. He didn't know how his dad would take the news of his enlistment. He walked up the stairs, putting out his cigarette before opening the front door. The smell of cigars and liquor hit him. "Dad? I'm back." The place was a mess. "Back here." He heard from the kitchen. He walked slowly through the house. Standing in the doorway of the kitchen, he saw his dad cooking lunch. "Hungry?" He asked. Dean nodded, putting his hands in his pocket. "Where you been?" Not looking up from the carrot he was cutting. "Enlistment office." His dad stopped. He slowly looked up at Dean. "Why?" Dean though for a moment. "I don't want to work on cars the rest of my life."
"Yes, dammit, just a little. Can someone just come here and take him to the damn hospital before he dies?!"
Cas sighed. Dean could almost hear tears roll down his cheek. "Stop crying. I'll come home. I swear."
The video started with Cas standing outside on his balcony. "Hi everyone. Sorry to interrupt the movie, but this won't take to long...I hope. Anyway, hope you enjoy my video."
A few seconds later, Dean came into view. His shirt was torn and his face was a little bloody, like he had gotten in a fist fight with a few of them.
Dean went around to the back of the car and began to pull luggage out. Castiel made his way to the same place. As he walked, he caught a glimpse of a black car parked off to the side. Shit.
"Lord of The Rings is the best trilogy ever." Dean chimed in. Charlie and Cas looked at him. Cas narrowed his eyes.
He looked back at Dean. "Might want to hold on tight." Two seconds later, Cas kept one foot on the ground, turned the handlebars, and hit the throttle. The bike turned itself while the back tire made a cloud of smoke. Cas put his visor down, lifted his foot, and hit the throttle more. The bike lurched forward and tore out of the driveway.
Meg moved to the corner of the stage and sat down, folding her legs. They boys circled around Charlie. "Charlie!" Meg tossed her lightsaber. Charlie caught it. Both boys looked at Meg. She shrugged and smiled. "All is fair boys." She winked. Cas rolled his eyes. They moved in. Charlie blocked and dodged their attacks. She started pushing Cas back. Cas looked behind him, he was close to the edge of the stage. Charlie aimed low for his good leg. Even if he just jumped, he would probably fall of the stage. So he pushed off with his good foot and did a back flip off the stage. He landed on his good leg, but his weight was too much for it to handle and he fell back on his ass. "Holt shit!" Charlie and Dean dropped their lightsabers and ran to the edge of the stage. Cas looked up at them and laughed. "Did you just see that?! That was fucking awesome!" He stood up and brushed himself off. "Are you okay?" Dean asked.
Cas slumped down on the bed. "Great." Dr Mills laughed. "Not happy with that is he?" Dean looked at her.
He pictured blue eyes and dark hair. His eyes flew open. Not today. Anna turned Dean so that the bed was behind him. She put a hand on his chest and playfully pushed him down, then slipped out of her jeans. Dean kicked his jeans off as well. He was not going to let Cas get the best of him. Not now. Not ever again. She climbed on top of Dean and began to kiss his neck and collarbone. Dean rocked his hips upward, trying to keep himself hard, which was proving to be more difficult than it should be.
Dean kept his eyes on the tree line. Every so often, a Beta would move into a different position. Benny came back with the Alphas, and Meg and Bobby came back with the guns and ammo, handing them out to the Alphas. Meg handed Dean his nine millimeter and his rifle, he chambered both of them.
"Same." Giving Dean a grin. Dean couldn't help but smile at his best friend's enthusiasm. Cas always tried to make the best of any situation. "Why are they invisible? And why can't we know what they mean until we're thirteen?" Dean asked running his hand along the chain of the swing. Cas shrugged and took the swing next to him. "Wanna see who can go higher?" Dean never declined a challenge.
Dean stood and looked through the living room window. He could see his dad asleep in his chair. He looked up at Cas. "I'm fine, the bags!" Cas grabbed one bag and let it drop. Dean caught it and set it next to him. Cas dropped the other bag. Dean caught it.
"I called Charlie. She'll be here after lunch. I really didn't text anyone. Although, texting your mom pretending to be you was pretty tempting."
"With pleasure." Cas backed Dean up a little before pushing between his shoulder blades. Dean put his hands on the wall to steady himself. Cas picked up his pace, snapping his hios forcefully into Dean, bombarding that cluster of nerves deep inside.
Dean didn't think. He just snapped. He punched Adam in the face. Adam stumbled backwards. Dean tackled him to the ground. Adam's head bounced off the asphalt with a thud. "Take it back!" Dean yelled getting on top of Adam and pinning him down. Adam wrestled to get free. "No! He's a freak and you know it!" Dean punched him in the face again. He felt and heard Adam's nose break.
"They have a computer science degree option. I'm double majoring." Cas stopped tying his shoe and looked at Dean. "Why all the questions?"
"Unfortunately. We have another pre season game to determine the starting line up of the regular season." Cas nodded. "If things go well, I could be thefirst freshman quarterback in a long time, if ever."
"It is with me." Dean leaned in and took over Cas' mouth. Cas let out a small whimper. Dean's phone rang.
. He sank to the floor. He heard Sam and Adam behind him. "I'll give you a few minutes. We gave him morphine to keep him comfortable. He won't last much longer. The bleeding in his brain is to much. And we can't drain it without killing him." He heard the doctor say. Sam started crying. Adam was the only one who held it together. He helped Cas up. Cas leaned on him as they walked slowly in the room. He leaned down and put his forehead on Dean's. Tears falling from his eyes and landing on Dean's face. His breathing was deep and raspy, like he couldn't breath even with a machine helping him. It wasn't a tube, it was a clear mask over his nose and mouth. Dean's eyes barely opened. "Cas...don't cry." Cas smiled though his sobs and tears. Dean brought his hand to Cas' face then looked at Sam and Adam. "Look after him will ya?" They both nodded. "And look after yourselves too." He said weakly. The two nodded again. Cas buried his face into Dean shoulder. Dean laced his fingers though his hair. "Looks like I have to break my promise to you Cas." Cas grabbed a fistful of bed sheet and cried harder, unable to speak. When he was finally able to, he looked at Dean and said: "I'll always love you." Dean smiled and closed his eyes.
Dean leaned over and kissed him. "You'll be kick ass as always." Cas hummed and looked at him. "As long as you're there."
"Alright, need you to sit up." Cas slowly pushed himself up. Jody took out her stethoscope and placed it on Cas' back. "Deep breath. Don't get alarmed or anything Dean if he coughs. Totally normal." Dean nodded as Cas took a deep breath, holding it for a second then coughed. She moved the stethoscope
When he got back, Dean was feeding Pandora. Castiel hopped off RJ and led him back to his stall. "See you found RJ. How's he ride?" Dean patted the horse as they passed. "Faster than River. Why didn't you tell me River shacked up with another Appaloosa?"
Out back behind Dean's house, Adam and Benny were starting a fire, with protests from Charlie on how they were doing it wrong.
Adam looked at Dean. "Dude, I don't really want details, but what the hell happened in there? He did a total three sixty..."
Cas lead Dean back out to the main area of the bar. A few people were staring at them as they came out of the bathroom, to which Cas responded by adjusting his belt and winking. Dean smiled and pretend to fix his hair and shirt.
They made their way through the kitchen. He looked through the small window in the door. They were sitting in the usual corner booth. Perfect they wouldn't see him coming. "Alright, just like I told you." He said to Emily. She nodded and walked across the diner to his family. Dean followed but stayed a few feet away. Adam stood behind Dean. "Excuse me guys but this guy realy wanted to talk to you." Dean walked over smiling. It took everyone a second to register what was happening. "Oh my God! Dean!" Sam practically knocked him down. "You weren't supposed to be here for two weeks." John said standing up. Sam let go. Dean looked at Cas when John hugged him. He winked. Cas smiled. When John pulled away, Dean motioned for Adam. "Guys, thiss is Adam. He's in my unit. He wouldn't shut up about wanting to meet you guys." John and Sam shook his hand. Cas stood up and looked at him. "You're the one who wanted to stay with Dean the first time?" Dean looked at Cas. Adam nodded. "We all knew he was dying. But I couldn't just leave him. I've known Dean since our training days. He's become a big brother to me. They literally dragged me away from him. When I went back, he was gone. I noticed a trail that looked like someone had been dragged away, and it wasn't from me. Everyone thought it was. They though another unit got Dean and was sendin' him home." Everyone was silent. Cas nodded. "Thank you, for looking after him over there." He offered Adam his hand. Adam shook it. Cas pulled him into a hug. Dean smiled. He could tell Adam felt awkward, but returned the hug. He looked back at Dean. He patted Adam on the shoulder. "Don't let him lie to you, I saved his ass plenty of times." He laughed. Adam smiled and shook his head. Dean looked at Cas, he motioned Cas to follow him. "Well, I have to steal Cas for a bit, you guys get to know each other. And I swear if you tell any embarrassing stories, I'll beat the shit outta you." He leaned in closer. "He knows by the way." They knew what he was talking about: Him and Cas. He walked and lit a cigarette. Cas was right next to him. They had no idea how they have managed to hide their relationship for so long. Dean expected to come home to a mob both times. He knew it was only a matter of time before everyone found out. He walked to the closest ally with Cas on his heels. "Were you surprised?"
Cas let out a deep, guttural moan that surprised even himself. Dean was working his mouth from his neck to his chest and down his torso. Cas dug at the smooth hood of the car with his fingertips. It had been such a long time, and Dean somehow knew, no… remembered... exactly what to do to set him off. Cas felt his hips jerk forward as Dean stopped to nip at his hip bones. And then Cas felt Dean's mouth swallowing his erection, his tongue moving freely over the skin. He let Dean work for a few minutes until he couldn't stand it any longer.
“Thinking, huh? Does thinking smell like lilacs and baby farts?” Benny raised an eyebrow at Dean. “I needed to clear my head.” Benny put his hands in his pockets and looked up at the sky. “Uh-huh. Clear your head.” He looked at Dean. “All hooking up gets you is a boat load of problems and a dude who won’t stop calling you.” Dean laughed. “See, you’re not as smart as you think. It wasn’t a dude.”
Cas lead the group inside, linking arms with Dean. They arrived at the hostess desk, where a pretty girl asked for the name of the party. "Novak."
Dean could smell the instant change of emotion. From slight panic, to worry. Why is he suddenly wanting to spill his guts to a man he met a little over twenty-four hours ago?
Watching Dean ride was like watching a perfectly conducted orchestra. He was flawless; the way he moved with the horse and how he was so commanding but gentle at the same time. Cas licked his lips as he continued watching.
Dean did as Cas said. He told his coach he was going to talk to his mom and brother and made his way to the concessions. Suddenly, he was being pulled into a one person bathroom. "Cas? What-" Cas closed and locked the door behind him. "Shh." He closed the distance and brushed his lips down Dean's jaw. "Be very quiet. You don't want to get caught with your pants down do you?" It didn't take Dean long to figure out what he meant. Cas untied the pants and pulled them down. "Cas, are you crazy?"
The way Dean said his name send a shiver down his spine. It took everything he had to not fuck him til he was a puddle on the floor.
Dean nodded in agreement, taking Cas by the hand and leading him through the maze of the compound to the exit.
They were all sitting around the dinner table. Sam invited Jess over. Everyone was talking about Dean and Cas getting engaged the night before. Apparently his mom decided to change the subject. "Did you two use protection?" Dean choked on his food. Cas looked down at his plate. Sam started laughing. Jess told him it wasn't funny but was still smiling. John looked awkwardly around the room. "Is this your own recipe, it's really good. What am I tasing?" Cas said still staring at his plate. "Mary pass the potatoes please." John said in a monotone voice. Mary stared Dean down. Waiting for an answer. "Yeah Dean, did you use a condom?" Sam asked through fits of laughter. "Shut up Sammy."
Naomi and Mary continued to take candid pictures of the friends, especially when they weren't looking. Charlie managed to record Cas and Dean while they were making out behind some trees. Cas flipped her off and Dean winked at the camera, moving in between Charlie and Cas so she couldn't see anything. They all goofed around a little longer. After a while, the people started to clear out and head home.
He pulled up in front of Cas dorm building and got out. They were in their third year of college. They both had one year left.
Cas opened his eyes a little and looked up at Dean. "I... I want..." The words disappeared into staccatoed exhalations.
When they finished, Dean smiled at him and stood up, extending his hand to Cas. "I have an idea." Cas tilted his head and looked at Dean, taking his hand. "Lead the way." He smiled.
Cas got up and sat on the bed. His phone vibrated in his pocket. He pulled it out and looked at it. It wasn't a number he recognized, but he was expecting a call from a therapist since he now had to go to mandatory therapy sessions twice a week. He answered.
"You're basically holding me so I don't trip over my shoes." He felt Dean kiss his head and smiled. "See? No response. That's because it's true." Cas lowered his arms and wrapped them around Dean's waist.
Music blasted from every speaker. Dean took Cas'hand in his and looked around the room then to Cas who was playing with is tie nervously. Dean grabbed his other hand and kissed his cheek. "Relax. This is why we got here so late, so we can leave after midnight." He pulled out a chair and motioned for Cas to sit. "I'm gonna get something to drink,want something?"
"Now the rings." John handed the rings to Dean and Cas. "Dean, repeat after me: With this ring, I thee wed." Dean slid the ring on Cas' finger, smiling. "With this ring, I the wed." Then it was Cas' turn. Neither of them could stop smiling and of course, Mary was taking pictures while her friend recorded. "With this ring, I thee wed."
Dean got in the car. Before leaving, he took one last look at the house to see Cas standing in an upstairs window.
"It's pretty fucking sad a gay guy can get more pussy than you can in a week so Adam...why don't you try sucking dick"
Cas smiled and moved in close. He kissed Dean roughly, biting at his lip. Dean swallowed a surprised grunt. Cas spoke against Dean’s mouth. “It’s my turn.”
"A magician never gives away his secrets Dean." He smiled, leading the way to the bar entrance. They all handed the bouncer the ID's. He looked at the ID's then to the trio. "You look a little young to be twenty one." His deep voice boomed. Cas smiled. "Awww, thank you!" He grabbed the ID's from the man and walked inside. Dean and Charlie followed. Once inside, Cas handed them the fake ID's. "Did we just get away with that?" Charlie beamed with excitement. Cas put his arm around her. "Sure did Red. I am a genius after all." He winked at her. They walked over to the bar and sat down. "What'll it be guys?" The bartender asked. Cas looked at the selection. "Three shots of Jack." The bartender nodded and pulled out three shot glasses, filling them with Jack Daniels and sliding them in front of the trio. Cas held his up. "To Meg! Because the bitch is missing out." They laughed and took their shots, slamming the glass on the table when they finished. Three shots later, Charlie decided to look at what the jukebox had to offer. Cas turned around and leaned against the bar. A young woman took Charlie's place next to him. "What happened to your leg?" She asked after a minute. Cas looked at her. "Broke it when I crashed my motorcycle." She nodded, taking a drink of her beer.
"I lost track. But whenever I felt I was about to lose it, I'd leave the house. Told Dean to stay put with Sam. He never understood why. I never told him." Dean lifted his arms and wrapped them around Cas. He took the earplugs out. "Cas..." He looked at him.
Dean watched him as he passed by. "Dammit." He stepped out of the stall. "I never wanted you to leave in the first place. I mean, dammit Cas, come on! What's so bad about this place?" Dean put his hands on his hips and stared at the back of Castiel’s head.
"It's Novak you Neanderthal. And I didn't hear you complain til you got caught with my dick in your ass. I'm not getting my ass beat over a mistake you made."
Cas smiled. "Yeah yeah." He gave him a quick kiss. "Have I thanked you for all this yet?" "Yes. Vigorously. A few times."
Dean leaned closer and kissed Cas' lips. He smiled when he pulled away. "So you don't think it's a bit...cheesy?" Cas asked. Dean laughed. "Totally. But that's what makes it perfect." Cas smiled and rolled his eyes. Dean took Cas hand and started walking backwards. Cas tilted his head. "Where are we going?"
Cas had never been good at the whole "talk about your feelings" stuff. He found it easier to do through music. This song in particular. He wrote it about a month after the break up. He tried his hardest not to crack, but the emotions he felt when he wrote it came flooding back. But he didn't stop singing.
Cas shot his dad a sideways look. “I don’t know what you’re talking about, dad.” Zachariah gripped the steering wheel and kept driving. At last, they pulled into their own driveway. Cas got out of the car. Naomi opened the door to the house and called out to them.
“Because I’m taking my pants off. They’re disgusting.” Dean shimmied out of the denim and left them there on the floor. He sniffed at his shirt as he took it off and made a face. “Damn, that is really nasty.” He dropped the shirt onto the jeans and stepped into the house. Cas looked up from his book he was reading and started to turn around.
As he finished the last line he opened his eyes and looked at Dean, who was staring straight back at him. Cas could see the pain on Dean's face. Even though he now knew it wasn't Dean's fault and they were together again, it was still very painful to think about.
Cas' voice sounded distant. He felt the blood trickle from his fingers, seeing it pool in the already wet sand. Was everything red, or was it the blood running from his eyebrow into his eye? He brought his fist down again and again.
Dean had called John and asked him if he could buy the cabin. John said he could have it, to consider it a wedding present. They still had to go back and get new furniture since the stuff in the cabin was outdated and slightly falling apart. Cas protested but Dean told him other than visiting everyone, it will be the last time they go there. Sam and Jess said they would visit every weekend. Since Sam finally asked Jess to marry him, Dean held of his wedding. They set a date for November 17th. The day they met almost three years ago. Jess thought that was very romantic. "I didn't really peg you for a mushy guy." She told him. Dean rolled his eyes. "Not mushy...just sentimental." Dean was to be Sam's best man and Sam Dean's. Cas as the ring bearer for Sam, Jess as the bridesmaid for Cas. Adam was going to be at both weddings as a groomsmen. Sam and Adam got along great. Adam became a member of the family. Ellen and Jo were to plan both weddings and Bobby and John also be a groomsmen at both. Cas decided that nobody should give him to Dean since he gave himself wholeheartedly already.
"You weren't that much of an ass about it. I figured you'd just tell me when you were ready. Even if you suck at sharing and caring. You've never been good at it."
“Sorry, sorry…” She pulled back and looked her son over, meeting his eyes and smiling. “I’ve just really missed my boy.” Cas and his mother turned toward the car as the horn sounded abruptly.
There was a knock on his door. Dean let his head fall back to the chair. "Are you two awake?" Mary's voice came through. "Yeah." Dean replied, eyes never leaving Cas. "And no, we are not having sex in case you were wondering." He added. Mary retreated down the hall. Dean rolled his eyes. "It's like she wants us to have sex." Cas laughed. "Well, intercourse does complete the bond." Dean raised an eyebrow. "Call me old fashioned."
Every now and then he'd stop and write something or call out a mistake someone made. Charlie was practically glued to his hip filming. The only time he'd get a little frustrated is when someone would make the same mistake over and over.
He blinked everything into focus. It took him a minute to realize he was in a hospital bed. Of course he was. What happened exactly? The last thing he remembered was sticking that fucking needle in his arm and falling asleep. So how...?
"Good." He gave Dean a quick kiss and got up. "See you later." He said closing the door behind him. He made his way downstairs. "Leaving already?" He jumped. "Jesus Mrs Winchester, I forgot you were down here. Yeah, my mom wants to celebrate me getting out of rehab."
Dean shook his head. "No, I haven't. Hoping to do a lot more of it though." Mike nodded, spying Dean's left hand.
Dean followed Cas who was on his motorcycle. Charlie was riding with Dean. "Doesn't he get cold? I mean, it's what? Forty degrees out?"
Dean hung up and set the phone in the cupholder. He gripped the steering wheel as tight as he could as his eyes searched the road for any sign of Cas. About twenty minutes later, he pulled into the emergency department parking lot and hurried inside. The nurse at the desk looked up at him, startled.
Cas smiled. "Looking forward to it. But ,this time, I'm not gonna take off afterwards." Dean leaned in and kissed Cas quickly, biting at his lip as he pulled back.
"Whatever." Cas winked at the other man. Dean laughed and closed the door behind him as he left the room.
"Annnndddd today is the day we find out that our drummer does Marilyn. I don't know how to feel. It's creepy and awesome at the same time." Cas raised an eyebrow at Jeff. "Get down here, asshat."
When they were inside, Dean looked for his parents and Sam. Sam wasn't hard to spot since he was taller than most of the people there. He took Cas by the hand and led the way. Halfway, they were stopped suddenly. "Dean!"
. was his first thought when he opened his eyes. He tried to move his hand but it wouldn't move. He turned his head.
Dean pulled on a pair of jeans and button down shirt. He ran his hands through his hair. He could shave, but he didn't really feel like it. "Alright, rock star. Let's go and see what this surprise is"
"Definitely. But, let's not go anywhere public. Probably my place. I really don't want to deal with the vultures today."
Dean readied the assault rifle he had taken from one of the injured soldiers, turning off the safety and chambering a round. He stepped out of the cover of the woods, Cas close behind. He took slow deep breaths as he aimed the weapon back and forth. After a few steps he lowered it.
He thrust the bag into the Alpha's hands, grabbed one of his arms, and lead him to the back exit. Opening the door, he looked both ways before grabbing the Alpha once again and they took off in a dead sprint. Running between the little run down duplexes. The Alpha smelled a Beta. He immediately grabbed the scrawny Omega and pulled him back just as the Beta came into view, weapon drawn.
The video started with Cas clapping over his head. Then the angle changed as Cas started singing to the camera pointing up at him.
Everyone was already in there walked in. "Is this awesome or what?" Adam threw a handful of pretzels at Cas."It's pretty fucking fantastic, that's what." Cas grabbed a sandwich and sat down on a couch. He took a bite. "This is magic." "This is fucking Wonderland." Charlie chimed in. "Amen to that." Cas said before taking a bite.
It had been two weeks since Cas moved. His parents wouldn't allow him to talk to Dean because of the run away incident. There was one time Cas snuck a phone call which he was still grounded for. They definitely put the foot down after that, saying Dean would still somehow be a bad influence on Cas.
"Yeah, yeah." Cas laughed. Charlie gave her friend a warm hug. "Seriously though Cas, we're all really glad you're back." Cas smiled and took a drink. "Wouldn't rather be anywhere else." Dean put his arm around Cas and pulled him to his side, sneaking a hand to his ass and giving it a squeeze. Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean. Dean just smiled at him. Damn, that smile again. It was like Dean knew it went straight to Cas' soul. Cas leaned in and kissed him on the cheek.
"So, as you all know, my mom passed a few weeks ago. I just want to thank you guys for all your love and support."
He stopped at the gate and looked at the house. He punched in the code and the gate opened. He walked up the driveway to the front door.
"Oh I have no respect? You have no respect for your own son! Trying to get him to agree to you paying for the reception, for what? So you can control him some more?"
"Well, I'm off to AP physics. Have fun in tv production!" Charlie smiled at them.   They walked down the hall together. Dean took Cas' hand and entwined their fingers. Everyone was stilltalking about new years. Cas could hear a few people play stutter on their phones. A few people were actually singing it. "So. I would imagine we have afinal project in tv production." Dean looked at him. "Yup. Charlie and I are working together on it. You too." Dean raised his eyebrows. "Don't look sosurprised Winchester. We did make a music video in twenty minutes a few days ago."
The bus came to a halt and instructors stormed it. Yelling at everyone to get off. When Dean stepped off the bus, their stuff was already thrown everywhere. Dean, Adam, and a few others already standing at attention. "Well I can tell who comes from military families." One said. He walked up to Dean stopping an inch from his face. "What's your name son?"
Dean got out of the car and went around to the passenger side. Cas was already getting out, which was damn near impossible at this point. Dean put an arm around Cas and helped him to stand. He got Cas in the door and began to lead him up the stairs to his room. Cas wasn't any help; he kept tripping every other step and laughing. At one point, Cas almost fell down the steps. "Okay. I got you." Dean picked Cas up and carried him the rest of the way to the room.
The shot went back to the bleachers and Cas was surrounded by people. Everyone jumped up and someone spilled their popcorn on him.
They did numerous surgeries on his legs over the next few weeks. Both his legs in splints to help him walk, but he still had to use a wheelchair for a month and walk using crutches until they could get him into physical therapy in the states. He really didn't give a shit because he could finally go home.
Okay, so do you guys remember back in chapter two where Dean took a bunch of pictures? Well, Cas is about to get his revenge.
"Well, after last night it's clear that you one hundred percent own this so I figure I'll give you a title."
They both stayed still until they could breath properly and see straight. Dean slowly removed himself and backed off the hood of the Impala. Cas sat up, staring at Dean as his breathing returned to normal. His cheeks were flushed and his hair a mess. "How the hell did you remember what to do? We only had sex once." He climbed off the hood.
"Hey baby boy. I'm almost there. I've been listening on the radio and I heard you won best video and best album! I'm so proud of you honey! See you soon. Love you Castiel James."
Dean took his shoes and jacket off and threw himself onto the couch, sighing into the pillow. He heard his phone go off in his pocket.
After he got dressed and met Charlie downstairs, they started to walk out back, Charlie drilling him for details on everything she could; how he started his company, his life in California, and, most importantly to her, his love life.
The waitress introduced herself and asked for their drink orders. "Whiskey. And keep 'em coming. And for an appetizer, we'll have cheese sticks and stuffed mushrooms."
She put on her coat, snatched up her purse, and walked out the door. Cas plopped down next to Dean and put his head on his lap.
They all nodded in agreement. "Alright then." He grabbed the pen off the table and signed, handing it off so the rest could sign. Adam handed the contract back to Cas who slid it across the table.
Cas walked over and grabbed his guitar then returned to the mic. "So anywhore, we're about to hit the studio and make a new album."
“Guys? I'm right here.” Cas said, loud enough so everyone in the group looked at him. “No Dean and I did not mate. Even if we did, I hardly see why that should be any of your business.”
He walked past Cas and handed him the mail as Cas closed the door. "You're always starving Dean." Dean rolled his eyes and took off his shoes then followed Cas to the kitchen.
Charlie was sitting in the living room channel surfing when she heard Cas playing his acoustic guitar. She got up and pulled out her phone, getting ready to record whatever Cas was doing just because she was bored. She walked upstairs and noticed the bedroom door was open. She peeked her head around the
Cas walked RJ out to the track. It was four in the morning and the track was empty. A perfect time to let RJ run. He climbed up on RJ and led him to the start gate. Once inside, Benny closed it behind them. Out on the side of the track, Dean, Charlie and Adam were timing RJ.
“Thank you all for participating in our randomness! Make sure to follow Join The Hunt on YouTube, that's where my bestie Charlie is gonna put this up when it's done! You fuckers rock!”
"Well I meant every word. You're already a pro."Josh put his arm around Cas. "So you guys are gonna be seeing a lot more of this little fucker soon!" "Damn right! Better hope you can handle me!"
He grabbed the condom and ripped the wrapper open with his teeth, taking it out and throwing the wrapper on the bed. He put the condom on his tip and rolled it down. Easy enough. He grabbed the bottle of lube, other exactly sure what to do. He squeezed a few drops on himself and spread it around. He looked at Cas. The light from the candles danced in his eyes and on his skin. Dean took a slow breath to calm himself. He slowly moved his tip to Cas entrance. He moved it around for a few seconds, allowing the lube to do it's job. He looked at Cas. "This will probably be uncomfortable so I'll take it slow." Cas nodded.
Throughout the performance, Cas jumped up and down, ran around the stage during the guitar solo, and got the audience on their feet. By the end of the song, he was sweating his ass off.
Dean just shook his head, keeping his eyes on Cas like something would happen if he didn't. "You need to eat something." Charlie said quietly. Dean just took a sip of his coffee. "What time is it?"
Cas woke up at four in the morning. He rolled out of bed and put on his "perfect disaster" shirt and a hooded vest over it, leaving it open so the shirt can still be seen. He put on and old pair of ripped worn Tripp pants. He put his hood over his head, to tired to do anything with his hair.
"Yeah, I'll help you with your things and show you where you'll be shackin up." Dean smiled. Oh good lord, that smile. Castiel cursed his brother in his head again and popped the trunk.
They went silent, the only sound was their breathing and the crickets outside. Dean walked over to the bed and sat down. He ran his fingers through his hair and looked down.
The next picture was of Dean's lower half covered with his cowboy hat. Cas was pretty sure that Dean was trying to kill him.
“Dean… Dean, I’m…” Cas gasped. Dean bit his lip. “Me too…” Cas thrust a few more times and came into Dean, giving one more push into him and making Dean come as well. Cas pulled himself out of Dean and collapsed on top of him, finally reaching up to untie Dean after a minute. Dean brought his arms down and wrapped them around Cas. He kissed him.
"We could spend the day on the boardwalk. Grab a bite to eat, maybe hit up the amusement park?" Dean suggested.
The ref backed up and turned on his mic. "Lawrence, receive." The Lawrence crowd cheered. Dean looked at Kevin. "Tran, you get the ball and take a knee. That'll put us at the fifty, got it?" Kevin nodded and took his place on the field. Dean went back to the sidelines and continued warming up.
For another couple of hours, bottles of Jim, Jack, and Jose were passed around. The radio in the truck was turned up as high as it went. They sang, joked, and danced around like they did back in high school. Dean even got out his guitar and played a little. Cas remembered how much he loved to watch Dean play, his fingers dancing on the strings so expertly. And listening to Dean sing was heaven. Cas had to bring himself back to reality when he realized he forgot that his friends were there.
Castiel didn't move for a minute, then sighed as he got up. Dean got up and looked around one last time before heading out.
About twenty minutes later, Dean pulled back into his driveway and parked the Impala. He walked into the house and kicked off his boots, finally walking into the living room and flopping himself on the couch. He looked at his hand, which was slightly bruised at the knuckles. He put his head back and closed his eyes when he heard Cas come down the stairs.
Cas shrugged. "Nah. Been out for almost a month. We've been keeping it quiet. Figured since I almost kicked it, it would be a good idea to take it easy. And now I'm back."
"Gonna be amazing, that's what. And hey, your band is here." Dean gestured to the left, where the rest of Join The Hunt was waiting.
When it was ground into a fine powder, Cas picked up the baggie and dumped the contents on to a table that looked less than sanitary, then made two lines. He took a pen shell out of his pocket and handed it to Dean.
"I'll kill you!" Adam started walking up to Cas. Dean got between them, looking Adam right in the eye.
"Then how will you pay for college." Mrs Novak sneered. "Without your help that's for damn sure! Now I'm doing what I should have done from the day I turned eighteen and cut you out of my life for good." He turned around and started to walk away. "Castiel! Get back here this instant!" Cas didn't look back as he got in the elevator. He leaned against the metal wall and closed his eyes. Why did they have to be like that? His whole life they controlled his every move, his every though. They only thing they had no control over in his life was Dean. The smart mouthed, daredevil, ask questions later, risk taking little kid who showed Cas what it was like to think for himself. Dean had shown Cas what friendship was, and that above all else, true love will always find a way.
Sam would give Castiel food for Dean every night before visiting hours were over. Even though he was eating, he still refused to eat the food there. Castiel and Sam were just happy he was finally eating, but he still wouldn't talk. He felt like if he did, nothing but screams would erupt from his throat. Surprisingly Castiel had become very good at reading Dean's facial expressions. Since the head of staff made group therapy mandatory for Dean, Castiel told him he would go with him if he wanted. It was the first time Dean had left his room since he got there. And he imminently wanted to go back to his room.
Cas got out of bed and walked to where Dean was, not caring that he didn’t have any pants on. He wrapped his arms around Dean from behind, kissing him on the shoulder. "I'm here, baby. I've got you." Dean clenched his jaw. "I'm fine Cas. Really. Go back to bed."
He sighed and dropped his head. "Fine. But I'm not putting on a shirt." Dean laughed. "Not even if it's your new Marianas Trench shirt?" He held it up. "It's begging you to wear it."
"And not just for one day either. We actually want to do a video of the process and release it on DVD with the album. That's where you come in Charlie. You'll be filming the whole process." Charlie jumped out of her seat and hopped around. "Seriously?! Oh my fucking God Cas that's amazing! I can't even begin to.... OH MY GOD!"
Doctor Mills walked in, closing the door behind her. She stopped when she had seen Dean laying next to Cas. "Well this doesn't surprise me." She smiled. They looked at her. "Time to check your vitals Cas. Meaning ya need to get off the bed Dean. Just for a minute." Dean did as he was told. She walked over to Cas. "Got a good man there Cas. He yelled at just about every person on this floor that wasn't a patient or visitor trying to get them to something, anything." She smiled at him. Cas looked at Dean who shrugged and winked.
They sat and drank their coffees, talking and joking. Dean found himself just staring into those blue eyes.
"Cas!" He felt himself being shaken and sat up quickly. It took him a few seconds to realize that Dean was standing next to him. He fell back and put his arm over his face, covering his eyes. "I'm fine." He felt the bed sink as Dean sat down next to him. "Yeah, sounds like it. Your mom said you didn't get home til after three. Where were you?" Cas stayed silent, his mind was racing from the dream. But it wasn't just a dream, it really happened. "Out." He finally replied. "Out where?"
When Cas got back to the room, he helped Charlie with the editing. Picking the angles and the flow between him, the band, Josh and the crowd. When they finished it, Charlie hit the upload button and they gave each other a high five and a hug. "If this doesn't get you a record deal, I don't know what will." Charlie said bouncing on the bed."This is just so unreal. I got to play onstage with my favorite band, then they invite me to party with them, and now I've made my first ever music video and my favorite artist was in it. I think I might explode."
Ten minutes later, they were standing in front of a playground at one of the elementary schools. "It may not be our old school, but it will do." He took Cas hand and smiled. "Come on." He led the way, running all the way to the swings, brushing snow off of two with his jacket. Sitting on one, he motioned for Cas to sit on the other. Cas smiled and took the swing next to him. They just sat there and held hands for a minute, then Cas looked at Dean, a child like smile on his face. "Wanna see who can go higher?" Dean smiled. "Thought you'd never ask." They both pushed off with their feet, pulling themselves forward and swinging out their legs. Each time going higher and higher. Just like when they were kids.
"DEAN!" Cas crouched next to Dean, who was staring Zachariah down with an anger that terrified him. He had never seen Dean like this. Cas put his hand on Dean's arm. "It's not worth it. He's not worth it." Dean didn't break his stare, but he lowered his arm. Zachariah seemed to heave a sigh of relief as Dean climbed off of him and turned back toward the house. Zachariah stood up.
"It don't have a problem with this. I think this will be good for the school to show some diversity."
"Yeah, you're right." Dean offered his other arm to Meg, who smiled at him and took it. The three strolled into
When the video finished, Dean stared at his phone. He played it again. This time, when it was done, he stood up and got dressed. It was a weekend, and the had it off. He purchased a plane ticket from his phone and threw some things in a bag. Even if it was only a day, day and a half tops, it didn't matter. He was going
Before the reception, Sam pulled Cas aside. "Don't tell Dean I told you but your parents tried to show. Dad and Dean didn't let them in." Cas looked at Sam. "Thank you." He wasn't mad or upset at Dean. He was doing what he said he would. He was glad, however, Dean didn't get in a fight with them. Verbal or otherwise. Cas told everyone he would meet them at the reception and took off for the hotel.
Cas flipped back a few pages and stop on one of two hands holding, exact same design on the wrists. It took a second to realize the design was theirs. One of the hands had a ring on the ring finger. He looked at the date. Two weeks ago. He looked up at Dean. He did plan at least asking Cas to marry him, that he was sure of. Knowing Dean, asking was the only thing he planned. He shook his head and looked at the drawing, smiling.
Cas flashed a smile, slid out through the window and leaned against the Impala. "Quite doesn't suit us. Now get in loser, we're goin on a road trip!"
He received more drawing supplies, a small sketch book and a coloring book with designs to test and challenge an artists skill. "You can never have too much art supplies." He smiled.
“Thanks, bitches!” Josh yelled out to the fans. They were jumping and screaming. “We appreciate your help in making this. Keep your eyes peeled for the vid!” Security escorted the people out quickly.
"I've got this one," Castiel said, pulling the other bag out. They walked silently into the house and up the stairs to the guest rooms. Dean opened one of the doors and put the luggage inside.
As Cas and his mother and grandmother drive back to the ranch, Naomi started in again about her son finding a partner.
"Uh, I-" Naomi stammered. Dean knew she never really made a decision without her husband. Zachariah had control over the whole family, save for his kids.
"Fuck my life. The one time I wish I wasn't a genius." They took their seats. Mr Surley introduced Cas on stage. He walked up and stood behind the podium.
Dean laughed and shook his head. "Cas... Castiel yes. Yes I will marry you!" He pulled Cas in close and kissed him.
to the other side. "One more." Cas took another breath then let it out a few seconds later and coughed again. "Well, your lungs are doing a lot better." She put the stethoscope on his chest. "Just breath normal."
When he got to the barn, there was… nothing. Except the horses snorting in the background. Dean looked around, finally spying a note on a door to the side. He read it out loud to himself.
"How about no?" He turned to leave. He felt a hand on his shoulder and was spun around. "Please! Just listen!" Cas pushed him away. "Don't touch me!" He turned around. Walking away he heard something click. He stopped and turned around. "Oh good. A gun. Ya know, I was missing the good old days of almost dying."
Dean eyed Cas and took him by the hand, pulling him out of the booth. He led Cas onto the crowded floor and pulled him in. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's waist. Dean put his arms around Cas' neck as they fell in rhythm with the music playing. Cas pulled Dean closer.
He only got a few hours of sleep before the guy next to him started yelling that he had no business being there Cas rolled his eyes and sat up. "For the love of God shut up! Nobody cares!" They guy started yelling back. Cas almost didn't understand him he was talking so fast. He got up, walked to the wall and hit it. "Listen Walter White, we're all addicts here. So grow up, put your big boy panties on, shut the fuck up and deal with it!" His door opened and Gadreel poked his head in. "Play nice Castiel." Cas looked at him.
"Oh! It's basil I'm tasing" Cas said. Dean looked at him. "Really Cas? I'm being grilled on our lose of virginity and you're worried about what's in the mashed potatoes?" Sam laughed harder, falling out of his chair. "You should try them Dean, it's really good."
"I'm gonna get gross on you fuckers for a second. There's uh, this guy..." The audience screamed. Cas laughed and continued. "...and he's pretty great and he has been by my side since we met. I gave him a million reasons to leave and that asshat decided to stick around and make it permanent. He is my everything, my life, and just plain mine dammit."
"No. Just isn't usually your style." He stashed his helmet in the saddlebag next to Cas'. He took Cas by the hand as they headed into the shop.
They all started clapping in unison. "I know I never make this easy. It's easier to disappear. You say give me some a thing that I can go on. Together, yeah, anywhere but here. Sing it back." The band sung in unison. "Oh, oh, oh oh oh oh."
Since that day on the playground, the boys noticed that their tattoos only began to glow if they were near each other. "It's a sign of our friendship" Cas said one day. "If it glows, we know that the other isn't to far away!"
Sure, he's been bullied and beaten up. But it'll be a million times worse now. He'll probably get jumped first thing Monday. Then all day after that.
They waited until dark. They're mission was to clear a village in east Britain that had been taken by Germans. They sat in the plane getting ready for the drop. Dean had his helmet in his lap, looking at Cas' picture. He ran his fingers through his hair and exhaled. The hatch dropped. Dean looked at the pilots. "What the hell? We still have ten miles!" He stood up and walked to the front of the plane. "What's going on?"
"Oh I'm still fun, I just don't want people sticking their noses where the don't belong." He put the card in his pocket. "You're in the wrong line of business then."
He got up slowly, definitely feeling older than he was. Quietly, he made his way down the short narrow hallway, checking on Ben before he went to his own room.
"At the store. She uh, hit me with her cart." Dean smiled and brought the cup close to his lips. "Thank God for texting and shopping." He took another sip.
He began his run in front of his cabin, running almost the whole perimeter of the camp, waving and saying good morning to others. Alec usually ran with him, but not this morning. Probably still upset about yesterday. Dean did kind of feel like a dick, but maybe now Alec will shut up about mating. At first, he really did feel a little pressured into mating with Cas. When it happened, he mentally kicked himself for not doing it sooner.
"Uh, well, it's definitely different. A little overwhelming, but the fans seem to be drowning everyone out so that's pretty cool." He moved his bangs from his face, smiling. "But yeah, I don't think I've ever been this nervous before. Well, except when I got married. I legit half expected him to run away screaming but when that didn't happen, well, he's just stuck with my crazy ass and sarcasm for the rest of his life."
Dean stood at the front of the church, shifting nervously. He hadn't seen Cas since the day before. Call him old fashioned. The wedding party made their way down the isle, then Cas. Dean hasn't even seen Cas in his tux yet, which was a dark forest green that matched Dean's eyes. Dean's tuxedo matched Cas' eyes.
Music started playing and everyone surrounded the dance floor. "Now dancing together for the first time, Dean and Castiel Winchester." The song "This guy's in love with you" by Burt Bacharach began to play. Dean took Cas' hand and led him to the middle of the floor, putting his hands on Cas' hips. Cas put his arms around Dean's neck and they swayed slowly to the music. Once again Mary took pictures. Dean fought the urge to stick his tongue out at her camera. He focused on Cas. Both of them had she'd their tux jackets but still had the rest of it on. Dean looked at Cas' dark forest green vest that matched the tux jacket. "I have to say, you clean up well Dean." Cas smiled at him. Dean laughed. "You don't do so bad yourself."
Dean squeezed Cas' hand. "I haven't, but I'm sure she's fine. She said traffic was awful. Maybe they blocked off the road for this thing."
"Yeah, okay! Let me call them!"Cas pulled out his phone and called Adam. "Hey, so you guys are about to get passes to come back here and meet the band." A few minutes later, the band walked into the room. "Dude. This is epic!" Adam said. "Very." Cas smiled. Cas turned to Josh. "Hey, uh, I hate to be an ass and push my luck, but is it cool if my boyfriend and my best friend come back too? This is the highlight of my life right now and I would love to share it with them."
"God Cas...gonna come..." Cas moved his hand to Dean's tip and stroked it. Dean's breath was erratic. Cas squeezed Dean's dick just a little then stroked down the shaft as he hit Dean's prostate. Dean came undone. His back arched off the bed and he cried out as he came.
Cas groaned. "Great. I'm a dead man. She's gonna kill me. Speaking of moms...did you...did you have her funeral?"
After he landed in London, he met up with his Sargent. "You'll be with the same unit. They didn't think you'd be back so soon. They're causing a commotion about it too." Dean laughed. That didn't surprise him at all. They didn't know what time he was going to be there. He took advantage. A few of them were sitting outside their tent, clenching their rifles. Including Adam. Dean walked up to them. "Excuse me, I'm looking for the 101st." Adam looked up first. He stood up, dropping his rifle. "Holy shit! It's Dean! Guys! Winchester's here!" They all piled out of the tent to greet him. "Just couldn't stay away could you?" Burkley slapped him on the back. Ryder stepped forward. "Dean, listen...about what happened..." Dean half smiled. "Don't worry about it Ryder. I thought I was dead too."
John came home first. "Something smells good. Dean must be cooking." He teased. Mary pushed him playfully. "Very funny." She laughed. John went to the living room and sat in the chair. "What are you making Dean?"
Cas let loose, coming all over himself and the comforter, moaning loudly. Then he started moving his hips, matching Dean's rhythm. Dean threw his head back and moaned loudly.
Cas woke up to sunlight streaming in through his bedroom window. He opened his eyes, immediately shutting them because the light was too painful to bear. His head felt like it might explode. He rolled over and saw the water and Tylenol on the nightstand, a smile trying to form on his face. Cas managed to sit up and take the pills before he noticed the smell of food coming from the kitchen. He made his way down the steps and saw what could possibly be the best sight on the planet.
He grabbed a pair the pants,he wore the day before and searched the pockets, finally finding a solid pink one in the left pocket. When it was safely in hand, he moved to the bed and grabbed the foil square off the chair where he left it.
He peeled off his clothes and threw them in the hamper, then turned on the shower, making the water as hot as he could stand. Stepping into the heat and steam was therapy enough. Dean let out a low moan as the hot water rushed over him. He just stood there for a few minutes before lathering up. As he washed, he thought about giving himself some special treatment while he was there. He was already relaxed; getting off right now would take the cake. His hand found it's way to his cock, which was hanging long and heavy from the heat. Then he stopped and removed his hand.
“Hey there, little brother! Guys, you remember Castiel?” The other men shook Cas’ hand and said hello. Then the seamstress brought out their items.
"Thank you good sir." Dean smiled and shook his head. As he past Castiel, he gave Cas a Jack Sparrow salute. Charlie looked at Cas. Cas returned the salute with a smile. Charlie let Dean go in front of her. She looked at Cas and smiled. She nudged him playfully. "Shut up." He blushed. They walked down the stairs to the music store. There were people everywhere. Dean had never been here after hours before. Instead of his Letterman football jacket, he chose the leather jacket his mom got him for his birthday that year. Dean and Charlie paid the five dollars and walked through a small hallway that opened up to a huge room with a large stage. People were patting Cas on the back and ruffling his hair as he passed. Charlie turned to Dean. "Welcome to his world." She winked. Cas walked behind the stage to what Dean assumed to be the dressing room. Charlie led Dean to the front of the stage. "Uh, I don't know about being this close." She rolled her eyes. "Grow a pair Winchester. The back is for losers." Ten minutes later, Cas took the stage with his band. Charlie screamed next to Dean. He almost jumped. Cas looked around the room before strapping on his baby blue fender guitar. He smiled. "What's up fuckers?!" The crowed roared. "We are 'Join The Hunt'! Now shut the fuck up and enjoy!" He started playing his guitar. Dean could tell it was a fast paced song. A few seconds later, the rest of the band joined in. "This song is called Crawl Back In"
"Here. See you tomorrow." Cas put on the hoodie and began to walk home. He heard Dean start the Impala. Dean drove up next to him. "Get in. I'll take you home."
Cas whipped around and laughed. “No, whores get paid. You do this for free.” Cas put a couple of pieces of French toast on a plate and handed it to Dean, then put some on his own plate for himself. The two sat down at the table and ate.
He went in his pocket and dug out three small bags, each a different drug. His head fell back to the wall and he looked away from Dean. "That doesn't answer my question." Cas didn't look at him. He moved his eyes to the floor. "How pissed would you be if I said it was a mix of all three?" Dean looked at him for a moment, at a lose of words. He tightened his grip on Cas' shirt. "Oh, I'll show you how pissed I am." He pulled Cas into the stall and held him against the wall, dropping the needle on the floor and stomping on it, breaking it into pieces. He kept his hold on Cas and picked up the pieces and threw them in the toilet. Then threw the little bags of drugs in their and flushed it with his foot. Dean pulled out his phone. "What are you doing?" Dean looked at him.
Cas shook his head, refusing to cooperate. His reward was another kick, but to the head this time. His head bounced off the wall with a thud, he put his other arm over his head. He was now huddled into a ball in the corner of a cement room where Alphas will rape him until he gets pregnant.
Dean shook his head, smiling. He liked seeing Cas so happy. He would do anything to keep that smile on his face.
He took a few more bites, then got up and threw the sandwich in the trash. He walked outside to get some much needed air. Leaning against the cool brick building, he ran his fingers through his hair. He felt like ripping his hair out. Instead, he slid down the wall and put his arms on his knees, letting his head fall back. He closed his eyes and went over everything. Four days ago, Cas was on top of the world. Then his world came crashing down within minutes. He couldn't get the image of Cas' face after yelling at him out of his head. And finding him like that...
"Alright RJ, floor it." He dug his heels into RJ’s side. As the horse broke into a gallop, Cas hitched his breath and tightened his thighs. RJ was faster than River, which was no small feat, and Cas was not prepared for that. River used to be the fastest horse in three  counties. Cas leaned himself forward and let the horse run. They went past the pond and up the trail to the top of "Winchester Cliff" He hopped off and tied RJ to a nearby tree then patted the horse's neck. "Well, you got your daddy beat that's for damn sure." He smiled.
"Cas! Just calm down. Take a deep breath." Cas looked at Adam. He liked the kid, he really did. But right now he wanted to punch him in the face.
“Holy shit, you don’t even know.” Cas kissed Dean on the forehead. They sat in silence for a moment.
Sounds about right. He was usually out of it for a few hours during a high. He sighed and ran his fingers through his hair, standing up. He had time for a quick shower and change. Maybe even a little pick me up.
“Not much to the place really. Mess hall's down the path a little. We get our food supply from the Alphas that go on runs. Don't ask how they get the food though. The Omegas can usually just walk right in and get what we need medical wise. They usually take a Beta with them just in case. It's not an easy life, but it's safer. There's a bunch of cabins up the hill for families, further down is the showers and un-mated Omegas. Up on another hill is where the un-mated Alphas and Betas stay.”
It seemed more and more he would think about Dean just as much as he thought about school or starting his business. Dean must hate him by now. It had been a year after all.
"I don't know if I should be mad or go throw up."Cas climbed off of Dean's lap. "Well if you're gonna puke I'm gonna go sit over there." Cas turned to his mom. "So.... verdict?"
Cas stepped out of the booth and plopped himself next to Mike, brushing his hand across Dean's lower back as he passed by. Dean watched as Cas put on the headphones and listened. He was so focused when he worked and Dean loved to watch him. He would definitely be doing this more often of he could.
Forty-five minutes later, Dean pulled into the driveway and turned the car off. “So why are we at your house?” Cas slid out of the car and looked at the house, zipping up his favorite hoodie. The house was a dull blue, two story, Dutch Colonial. It was huge. The bay window in the front was a lot larger than normal. The white trim around the windows was just starting to fade and ivy began to make its slow accent up the house. It was almost something out of a fairy tale. Dean unlocked and opened the front door then turned to Cas, who was lost in the house before him. His eyes were sparkling like a child seeing magic for the first time. The smile matched his face. He looked at Dean. “I've never been to this neighborhood before. Charlie lives in Quail Run so we'd just walk to each others houses. I've never been to Old West.” He looked around the street. Old West is Lawrence's oldest neighborhood. Cas lived on the edge of West neighborhood, right next to Quail Run. “You gonna come inside or stare at my house?” Cas followed him into the house, which was even more amazing. Beautiful hardwood floors throughout the downstairs. The couch was sitting on an area rug as well as the coffee table. Cas walked around the couch to see a fireplace with a thirty inch flat screen mounted above the mantle which was full of pictures of Dean, his brother and his mother in various stages of childhood. He looked at a picture of a freshman Dean with his football uniform on, seemingly after a game. His arm was around a boy Cas didn't recognize. He turned to Dean. “Is that him? The boy that was your first?” Dean looked at the picture. “Yeah, that's Gabe. My mom took this after my first game freshman year. He moved soon after that was taken.” He moved in front of Cas and lit the fire. “Does you mom know? About your relationship, I mean.” Dean sat down on the floor in front of the fire. Cas sat next to him, glad for the warmth away from the chill of the early fall afternoon. “Yeah, she knows. Everyone I want to know, knows about me. My brother included.” Cas leaned back on his hands, eyes on the fire. “So do you go both ways, or just one?” “Just one. Since I can remember actually.” Cas nodded, still looking at the fire. “Do you still talk to him?” “Every once in awhile. Just to catch up.” Cas nodded once more. He looked around the open first level. The living room was painted burgundy with touches of gold all along the walls, where as the dinning room was a dark tan color. The kitchen was painted a burnt orange color with white cabinets and marble counter tops. Cas had never seen anything like it; consequently, wondering if he would ever live in a home as nice as Dean's. He looked over on the far wall to see a standing piano. He got up and walked over to it, running his fingers along the ivory keys. Dean got up and followed him. “ You play?” Cas asked. He looked beside it to see not only an electric guitar and an acoustic guitar resting on their stands. The electric guitar was an American Vintage '59 Stratocaster, worth $2,300. “Yeah, I play piano, guitar, and drums. My mom wanted me to play other instruments, but I wasn't interested. Sammy plays a few different ones though.” He sat down in front of the piano and played a few keys. “Do you play anything else?” He asked as Cas sat next to him, putting his hands in his lap.
"Very good Mr Winchester." They spent a few more minutes going over the video. Then Crowley let them start to plan their final project. "So what are we doing?" Dean asked. "Another music video. This time, we're getting the whole school involved." "So where do we start?" Dean asked. Cas pulled out a slightly worn notebook. "Well, we have to make the song first, then record it. Then we can worry about the video." He flipped through the pages. "We'll get started on the song after school. That could take a few days. Recording it will probably take a day if we're lucky. Then I have to ask the principal for permission to shoot the video during school and I'm sure permission slips have to be sent home for parents to sign so students can be in the video." Cas put his pencil between his teeth.
"Just enjoying this time with you. And it's impossible for me to not stare at someone so beautiful."
Cas shook his head. “I was never really sought after by Alphas, well, unless I was in heat. But I took blockers.”
Dean opened the door to the bathroom and walked in. Cas was already there, leaning over the tub and turning on the water. He heard the door shut behind him and looked up.
He looked at the nightstand by the bed to see a needle. He let out a slow breath. "Dammit." He looked back at Cas who was fully clothed, and ran his fingers through his hair. Cas didn't move. Dean touched his arm. Pinched him. Nothing. He leaned over Cas and stared at him, his own breathing becoming more rapid. He shook him gently at the shoulder.
"Had to. I was in the hospital for about a month. Charlie didn't let me drive much after I got out. Still didn't stop me. I just started driving the truck until Charlie hid the keys to the truck and the Impala. Everyone took turns babysitting me after that. So I just stayed in here. Only got up to go to the bathroom and take a shower. Didn't eat much. Guess everyone got sick of my shit so they called Sam. He damn near smacked me silly. I knew I was being stupid but I didn't care. You were gone, then Whiskey, then my parents. It felt like it all happened on the same day."
Dean and Cas were sitting on the couch. Dean had his arms folded across his chest, looking at his feet. Cas was picking at his jeans. Mary was sitting in John's chair and John was pacing back and forth. "What were you boys thinking? You could have gotten hurt! You could have broken an arm, a leg or even your neck!"
"You would think. It's not like this is new or anything. Oh heads up, Dean will be here later. Thought you might want to know."
She looked at him and smiled. "I was a teenager once too. I know how it goes. I just wish you would have told me about him when you first got together." She stepped inside and walked over to Cas. "Well it's nice to finally meet you Cas." She extended her hand. Cas shook it. "Nice to meet you to Mrs Winchester." He let go after a second and walked over to his travel bag, grabbing some clothes. "I'm just gonna go change." He walked into the bathroom and closed the door. Dean grabbed his shirt from last night and put it on. Dean sat on the bed and Mary took the chair. "So I assume you were safe last night?" Cas apparently heard this from the bathroom and started laughing. Dean's face turned red. "Yes ma'am, and shut up Cas!" Cas laughed harder. "At least I'm not the only one now!" He called through the door.
As he made his way across the room, he stopped at Cas' side of the bed and pulled the comforter up over his shoulders and kissed his temple. The Omega didn't stir whatsoever. Dean shook his head, smiling as he quietly headed out.
Thank you to everyone who has read, gave kudos, and commented! And a special thank you to my friend HellsQueen for helping me! This chapter is for you!!! To everyone else...I hope you enjoy!
"About twelve people back, actually. But hey, who's counting?" Cas grinned at her. "Whoa. Hold the phone." She grabbed Cas' hand. "Nice bling."
"Woo!" Charlie high-fived Cas. Dean walked up. "What's all the commotion?" "Oh, just finished the lyrics to the song." Cas smiled. "You're the inspiration. I saw you talking to Cole and thought back to when I would watch you froma far and the words just hit me." He showed Dean the notebook. "Babe this is amazing! You're too good at this."
"Ah yes. Still want to get the students involved?" Cas nodded. Mr Surley leaned forward. "I'm listening." Cas explained what would be happening in the music video and the places it would be filmed. "I'll have to bring this up to the school board and send a letter to all the parents tomorrow. I'll let you know in a week or so if you have the green light."
Dean finished his work a little earlier than expected. He walked into the mud room and kicked his boots off. He looked down at his clothes; he was caked with dirt and Lord knew what else. He put his hands on his hips and thought for a second before cracking open the door to the house.
Cas could see the finish line. He was so close. Crowley and Little Demon were coming up behind him. His thigh was on fire. Cas leaned forward and gave RJ some length on his reins, heeling him one more time. As they crossed the finish line, Little Demon ran straight into RJ, causing RJ to stumble and Cas to almost fall off. The crowd gasped. Cas regained his balance and waved a hand in the air to signal that he was okay. As the crowd applauded, the announcer came over the loudspeaker.
Dean kissed Cas' neck. "Yeah, that's it. Come for me Cas." He breathed. Cas reached for his own swollen cock, to help it along, But Dean put his hand back above his head on the pillow where it was. “Just let it go, baby. Let it go on it’s own.” With a few more thrusts, Cas threw his head back, his eyes open wide and his body shook with the force of his orgasm.
He walked into Dean's room and looked around. There were drawings everywhere. He inspected each one. Some of various parts of the city, some of Lawrence. One looked like them as children sitting on swings and holding hands. Cas smiled.
He was woken up by the scent of cinnamon and spring rain. He rolled over to see Cas next to him in his bed. He shook his head, smiling and running his fingers through his hair. The door slammed open making both men jump and sit up.
“Happy? That's because that, out there, is Cas. He doesn't want to die in a suit.” Naomi smiled at Dean. “Well, we better make our way down there.”
"Oh no. You're gonna pay for that!" They grabbed him and dragged him to the pond, pushing him in. Benny, Adam and Dean laughed.
"Lead vocals and guitar." He replied. Dean nodded. Charlie put her chin on the back of Cas' chair.
“Oh, I plan on reminding you every chance I get.” Dean moved as close as he could to Cas, taking his mouth in a soft kiss.
He shrugged and threw some money in the air. People started scrambling for the money, pushing him out of
He put his hand over the omega's mouth so he didn't scream. He waited, listening as the horde of running footsteps in the corridor faded. He realized he had pulled the omega close to him so nobody would see.
"That's the idea. Well, bitches, I'm out. Gonna go walk Meg to her car. Later." Charlie winked at Cas and Dean before walking off. Cas held Dean's hand. "You know, for not liking dances and shit, I had a great night. Mostly because I was here with you."
Dean got out of the car. Walking around the front, he opened Cas' door. The valet  walked over. Dean held out his keys. "If I see one scratch on this car so help me." He dropped the keys in the young man's hand who nodded vigorously. Cas rolled his eyes.
"And no Charlie, we're not gonna play 'who comes first' just because we're going to the bar you invented it at." Charlie squeled. "You mean the bar Cas got hit on by a woman?"
"Fine, if you must." He held out an arm. The nurse checked his pulse and blood pressure, asked him how he was feeling, and if he was in any pain. When she finally left, Cas threw himself back onto the bed.
"You never asked." She looked at Cas. "I was in foster care too. I got lucky. The family adopted me. Right after I met Cas. My parents died in a car accident when I was eight. Hit by a drunk driver. They were on their way to pick me up from a slumber party."
Cas palmed at Dean again, a little harder this time. Dean felt his neck and ears flood with heat. Cas laughed a little. Dean would always give in when Cas teased him in public, but he was reserved about it at first. Dean exhaled as Cas did it again, but his eyes nearly fell out of his head when he felt Cas begin to undo his jeans.
The firefighters were putting out the fire as Dean looked around. It seemed the whole town was there and had seen what just happened. He wiped his mouth and moved away from the blazing car so the firefighters could put it out. He walked over to Cas and Sam. "You okay?" Sam asked. Dean nodded. He looked over at Richard who was being taken away by Mack. "I don't expect anyone to understand or even accept it."
“Okay, I want you guys to spread out. Meg, Benny, go help Sam and Cas just in case the Betas try to flank us. Do not fire until they do and do not shoot to kill. Shoot them in the leg, the arm, whatever. I wanna win this war with as few casualties as possible. They may be killing us, but that gives us no right to kill them, understood?”
A short time later, they were in line to board the plane. They handed their tickets to the person at the gate and made their way on. Once seated, Cas leaned over and rested his head on Dean's shoulder.
Charlie zoomed in on Cas' face, who looked deadpan into the camera. "If it was legal, I'd beat him. No seriously. I'm the youngest person in the band and I work circles around these asshats." He winked. Adam threw his pick at Cas. "Get the fuck outta here with that shit." Adam laughed. Cas started playing his guitar and sang "Oh, I swear to God if you throw another pick then I swear to fucking God I'll chop off your fucking dick because hey...it's not like you use it anyway." Everyone burst into laughter.
It had been a few weeks since Alec left. It took a while but everyone slowly adjusted to his absence, including Dean.
When they made it to the camp, Castiel, Alec, and Sam got Dean out of the Jeep. The others unloaded the cargo.
Cas walked over to the couch and sat next to Dean. He sighed. "Well, at least you tried. I appreciate that." He kissed Dean on the cheek. "I love you."
Cas kissed Dean roughly again before playfully shoving him back into a sitting position and getting out of the car.
"No, you'll tell me now." Cas stopped walking but didn't pull his hand back. Dean intertwined their fingers and did the same with the other hand. Dean looked at Cas. He looked destroyed.
His body was shaking like he was outside in twenty degree weather but he was burning up. He hasn't eaten a damn thing in forty-eight hours, but he drank as much water as he could. His entire body was screaming in pain. He never once yelled out in pain. He would just grit his teeth and bare it. He didn't even have the energy to yell anyway. Gadreel would check on him every hour. If there was a heaven or hell, he was pretty sure this was hell.
Dean pulled Cas in as close as he could and kissed him on the forehead. Cas buried his face in Dean's chest. Before long, they were both asleep, not even bothering to clean up first.
“Do me a favor,” She grabbed his hands, putting one on Dean's shoulder and the other on his shoulder blade. “When I count to three, I need you to push with your left and pull with your right. I gotta set his wrist.”
Time slowed to a standstill. Their hearts beating in perfect harmony. Dean slowly removed the towel from around Cas' waist and ran his hand down Cas' leg, moving it so his foot was on the bed. He reached in his pocket and pulled out a condom and set it on the bed. He pulled away and got up, moving to his bag and grabbed a small bottle of lube. He walked back to the bed and took off his jeans and boxers then moved back on top of Cas.
“I gave it to you because I could tell you wanted it. Sam and Alec made a huge deal out of it too. So did Charlie. She literally bounced around my cabin singing about me having a crush on you.” He smiled.
Dean smiled. He knew what Cas would want next. Dean slid down the wall so that his face was level with Cas' hips. He took Cas' erection in his mouth. He heard Cas let out a long sigh as he braced himself on the wall. Cas matched Dean's rhythm and worked his hips in unison with Dean's mouth. He felt himself getting close.
Friday nights in Lawrence Kansas mean two things: one, two days of partying. Two, two days of partying. Cas became indifferent to his situation when he was pumped full of downers. He didn't care that his dad ran him down and beat him, or that his mom turned a drunk blind eye. He didn't care that he was barely getting by in school, or that he was bullied and beat up constantly.
Cas was in his own world, playing his guitar and singing. When he was like that, he would sometimes forget there was a crowd of over one hundred people watching. They played every song Cas planned on. They played Mayday Parade, Seether, another song by Dead By Sunrise. Then they got to the last song. He started the song. "You guys are fucking awesome as usual. This is our last song. If you don't know it then get the fuck out!"
And the next twenty minutes was the second most awkward car ride Cas had ever endured. When they came to the tip of the driveway, Cas said goodbye to Naomi and to his grandmother. He was relieved that Naomi hugged him despite the tension. He walked into the house and shut the door a little more aggressively than usual.
Crowley brought up the video and fast forwarded then stopped. "Okay, I can tell this Charlie's handy work. Who can tell me what angle this is. Cas, you're not allowed to answer." Dean raised his hand. "Extreme close up."
Cas shrugged. “It's probably just an Alpha thing. He's probably just upset that he doesn't have a mate.”
"Nice! Now, saw your husband, lead singer of Join The Hunt Castiel, earlier and we talked about how things are going for him and the band. Any insight for us?"
When he was done, he walked back behind the sound board and listened, sinking in the seat. After he listened, he gave the green light to save it. "Alright fuckers, get the background done. I'm going home and going to bed." Cas stood up and grabbed his jacket from the seat. He walked over to Dean. "Come on, master. Let's get on out. Charlie, you good?"
Dean just shook his head. Cas sighed and took off his clothes quickly and got in the shower with him. Seconds later Dean's mom was knocking on the door. “Dean? I noticed your car. Are you okay?” Dean pulled the shower curtain closed. “Uh, yeah. I uh, just didn't feel well after lunch so I came home.” Cas was finding it hard to keep his hands off Dean while the water was running down him. He slid his hand down Dean's abs. Dean grabbed his hand before he could get any further down. “Alright, do you need me to get you anything? I'll only be here for fifteen minutes so speak now of forever hold your peace.”
Mary then stood. "Boys, I've watched both of you grow into the handsome young men you are now. I know both of you have been through so much and you went through it alone. I knew that somehow, you would find each other and fall even more in love. I'm so happy you did. We love you boys." Dean smiled and stood up, walking to his mom. He gave her a hug and kissed her cheek. "Thanks mom." She smiled at him. "You're welcome sweetie."
He ran his hands through his hair and made it presentable before finally walking out of his room.The guys were mostly awake, except Jeff, who made it to the couch before falling asleep again. Cas walked over to Jeff, rubbed his butt on his face, and then went to get a coffee from the kitchen. Adam almost fell off the couch laughing.
Dean took the bag off his shoulders and got down on one knee. He opened it and grabbed two magazines for each gun, closed it and handed it to Castiel, taking the nine millimeter hand gun out of the Omega's hand and putting it in his waistband.
Cas walked in to the hair and make up trailer. Adam turned the camera on. "Okay, so we're hear at the Hollywood Roosevelt in LA for a photo shoot for the album. The reason we pick this place because not only is it said to be haunted but it's been said that Marilyn Monroe haunts the place too. We just may have to shoot avideo here."
"I've never backed down from a challenge have I.... oh my God..." Dean laughed as his husband shuddered in response to Dean gently massaging his tip with his fingers.
He moved so he was sitting on his knees. This was Dean's cabin. Or was, when he used to come here as a child. Cas ran his fingers through his hair. Dean picked his old cabin and gave him his old bed. He almost laughed.
He wiped off himself and then Dean. Finally, Dean sat up. He walked over to Cas and kissed him. "I love you."
Before long, they had RJ loaded up and we're finishing stowing the gear. Cas double checked the latches on the trailer doors one last time. Dean came up behind him and wrapped his arms around Cas’ waist, perching his head on his shoulder. “So. What ya thinkin?” Cas turned his head and kissed Dean on the nose.
Of course, Mary took pictures. The flash of the camera almost blinded Dean. They smiled at each other. Mary took a few more pictures then went to take pictures of Sam and Jess. Dean rolled his eyes. "She has to document every little thing." He laughed.
Cas smiled that crooked smile of his. "Wanna sing a song with me? I know you know all my songs, including all the new ones."
"Bye, Ever After." Dean pulled back, his hand trailing across Cas' hip. He smiled before turning to walk through the gate. Cas fingered the ring on his finger and smiled.
Cas felt like he could vomit. He looked at the ground and shook his head. “I should have been here. How did Dean pull himself out of his pit?”
"Good evening, Castiel. Mr Gordon has a special tasting menu planned for you and your guests tonight. He is very excited to meet Mr Winchester."
Dean worked at the buttons on her blouse, pushing it off of her shoulders and letting it fall to the floor. Anna bit at his bottom lip, making Dean let out a low moan. She kissed him again. Dean closed his eyes, letting the sensations work him over. He imagined throwing her to the bed and pulling those painted-on jeans off. He moved his hands up her torso as he deepened the kiss.
He could practically hear Cas blush. "What picture did you take? You never said." Dean took the picture out of his helmet. "The one of you on Independence Day, looking at the fireworks." The picture didn't hold a candle to the real memory. It couldn't show the brilliance of his blue eyes lit up by the fireworks. Or how he could have fallen for him all over again with one look. Adam walked in. "We have to go Dean." He was the only one who called him by his first name. It was either Winchester or Corporal. Cas sighed. "Out to the battlefield?" He could hear the strain and worry in his voice. "Yeah."
Mary was on the verge of tears. "Come on mom, don't cry. I'll be back for spring break." He wrapped her in a hug and kissed her forehead before letting go. She wiped the tears from her eyes and smiled. He gave a quick hug to John and Sam. "Be careful on the road son." John told him as he walked around to the driver side. "Always." He smiled opening the door. "Let us know when you get there." Mary added. "I will." Dean responded before getting in and closing the door. In the side mirror, Dean had seen John put his arm around Mary.
Cas looked at Dean. "If you say so." Dean kissed his forehead. "I do say so. It'll be fine, I promise." Dean looked at his book again. Cas looked at him. Dean always did know what to say to make him feel better.
As he let the hot water wash over him, his thoughts drifted to Castiel. wondered if Castiel likes movies as much as he likes music. Maybe next time he could take Castiel to a movie.
"I can tell by the way your breath changes. Don't worry Cas. Nothing can keep me away from you for very long."
"And they were kind enough to stock the kitchen for us, they even put a twenty-four pack of Mountain Dew in there for me which I've already opened." He moved through the kitchen. "This is the second living room which they furnished with a giant leather sectional and a fifty-five inch flat screen."
Adam turned to face Charlie as he lit a match. “You might want to step back.” Charlie's eyes widened. “Oh shit!” She turned and ran toward the parked vehicles.
Around the halfway point, riders started using their whips. Cas didn't even have a whip. He never needed one, even with River. Then he realized he was neck and neck with Crowley.
Cas stepped out of the funeral home after making the final arrangements. He got on the bike and put his helmet on then took off down the road.
"Yeah. Dunno why. I never really talked to anyone about them but they knew that it was killing me. Charlie and Sam tried to get me into some kind of stupid counseling. Hell, Sammy drove me to Dallas but I never went in. When I snapped out it, everyone still kept a close eye on me. I was still kinds out of it for awhile but I got better." Cas gave Dean a small smile and kissed him. "Well, I'm glad you did. And thank you. For telling me."
He took in a shaky breath. “When I knotted with him, I kept apologizing to him over and over. The told him to wiggle his ass so I'd come even more until we were finally free.”
"So before you signed with Warner Bros, there were a few songs that pretty much broke the internet. Are any of those songs on the album?"
"Oh I'm texting you as soon as I get on this plane." Dean laughed and pulled Cas into a kiss. "I love you Castiel."
He slowly opened his eyes to see Charlie looking down at him. He sat up slowly. "What just happened?"
Again, they fell into silence. Neither of them really knowing what to say. With a sigh Dean stood up.
Dean's head fell back with a moan. He continued his pace but pushed in harder, hitting his prostate in such a way that had Cas seeing stars, on a cloud of pure bliss. Cas came completely undone, feeling the heat coil as he moved his hips a little faster as he was coming. His head tilted back, moaning as his body shook with the force of the orgasm. "God Cas!" Dean moaned. He took Cas' dick in his hand and stroked him. Cas wrapped his legs around Dean and flipped him over. "My turn." He smiled, moving his hips back and forth. Dean had his fun, now Cas was about to have his. Dean moved his hand faster, stroking this tip of Cas' dick and twisting his hand. Cas looked at him, catching on to what Dean was trying to do. He was trying to make Cas come a second time, and it was working. The feel of Dean's hand around him and the feel of Dean
Dean laughed and eyed Cas. “You wanna like, put the diva back in her place or is she just gonna fly free today?” He grinned.
"Marilyn? You in here?" Cas yelled. Adam had the camera rolling. "I think she's afraid of me. Like 'oh shit! It's that crazy kid from Lawrence!' I just want to play."
Benny stood up slowly. "I'm going outside. Have fun." He gave Dean a thumbs up and headed to the back porch. "Charlie, get your ass out here. Knowin' you, you'll have your damn ear to the damn door and that's just damn inconsiderate." Charlie snapped her fingers as she stood up to follow Benny. “Well, damn.”
He looked around. "Where the hell is that stupid sash thing that I'm supposed to put over this fucking thing?" Charlie found it and handed it to him. "You're such an idiot."  Cas smiled. "Don't be jealous that I got valedictorian and you didn't."
“Guess so.” Dean looked into Cas’ eyes and smiled. Cas returned it and turned to head toward his father’s car. As he climbed in, he gave one last glance at Dean, who was still watching.
NOTE: The songs in this chapter are by Marianas Trench but are written as Join The Hunt because most of the songs from Marianas Trench fit Cas perfectly.
"Bullshit Ryder! He just fucking saved all of us! Now fucking do something!" Adam roared. Dean started to slowly convulse. Adam leaned down. "I'll tell him. I'll tell him you went out like a hero." He put his hand on Dean's chest. "I'll see ya brother." Dean lost consciousness.
The label owner nodded. "Well, maybe it started off like that, but you're group is extremely talented. We feel like Join The Hunt has  what it takes to make it big." The owner thought for a minute. Cas stared at him silently. "What do you say? Are you ready to sign on the dotted line, Mr Novak?"
“You got it! She loves you guys and she knew you were meant to be. You should probably buy her a fruit basket. Actually, she’s the one who came up with all of this crap.”
"Alright boys, you worked your asses off to get here. You've played your hearts out and I'm proud of all of you." Dean looked up at the coach. They had won every game and Dean was about to step out on to the field for the last time in his high school football career. The Championship game. "Winchester, take it away." Dean stood up and faced his teammates. "Alright, these guys play dirty so don't let them get to you. Don't let them get in your head. Just play how we've been playing and we got this in the bag. We're faster, and more levelheaded. They'll try to beat us down and psych us out, so we'll hit them were it hurts: the scoreboard. Now let's kick it in the ass!"
A grin grew on his face. It would be more fun to get in some time with Cas later. Dean shrugged off his thoughts and rinsed off, finally stepping out of the shower.
She sighed. "Fine. I swear." He grabbed her copy of the Lord of the rings trilogy, the one with all three books in one. It had become something of a bible for them. "Swear it on Tolkien." He held the thick book out. She put her right hand on top. "I swear on the precious."
Cas pulled back. “Relax, babe. You’re okay. Just relax.” Dean put his head back again and closed his eyes, centering himself. He felt the finger again but let Cas do what he had set out to do. Before long, Cas had worked three fingers in and Dean was actually enjoying it. Suddenly, the fingers were gone and Cas’ mouth was off his cock. Dean felt something cold and wet where Cas’ finger’s had been. And then something large and solid, followed by a burn and stretch. Dean tensed up and moved his hips up. Cas pulled out and kissed Dean’s stomach. “Dean. Chill. It’s okay.” Dean nodded and relaxed. Cas went back to working his way into Dean.
Sam smiled at him. He wasn't lying. The world outside this place was horrible. The Betas have become exponentially worse than the Alphas. With the Alphas, they would rape Omegas that came into heat. It's well known that Alphas can hardly control themselves when they're around and Omega in heat. The Betas however, rapped Omegas just because they can.
"The fluid was drained before the lung collapsed. He'll still need to be on a breathing machine and he's still unconscious."
"Wow, we just did that for an hour and a half. It's 11:43. You need to get some sleep. Can't have you to tired to throw the ball." They got up and cleaned off. Cas pulled the bedding down and collapsed on the bed, Dean soon followed suit. They pulled up the blankets and settled in. Cas wrapped his arm around Dean listening as his breathing evened out. Cas smiled to himself and kissed the back of Dean's head before letting sleep take him.
He unlocked the padlock and opened the door. Cas' room was a mess which was unusual for him. It must have happened during the fight. Cas managed to fight both of them off and out of his room and he locked it before he left. Ellen was right, he was a strong kid. Dean had already called Ellen and she told him Cas' could crash at The Roadhouse til he graduated. Dean walked to Cas' closet and stared grabbing clothes, Bobby was taking down the posters. It took them about three trips to get everything.
Cas moved RJ so that he could face Dean. "Dean. I honestly don't know what I was doing or what I'm feeling or what the fuck is even going on right now and I needed to get some air so... I did the easiest thing I could think of."
His family and friends kept protesting about him going back. He tried to ensure to them that he probably wouldn't be on the battlefield much. Not to mention the second tour had become mandatory. He had a few minutes til boarding his flight. He motioned for Cas to follow him, taking him into the bathroom. He checked to make sure the coast was clear. When it was, he dropped his pack and pulled Cas into a kiss. Cas melted into him. He slid his hand down Cas' chest. Cas wrapped his arms around him. Sam poked his head in. "Dean, your flight." Dean held up his index finger, telling Sam to wait a minute. "Dean'" He pulled back and looked at Sam. Cas laughed. Dean smiled at him. He picked up his pack and kissed Cas again. "Dean, seriously."
Dean looked at him. "What?" Cas grabbed his shirt off the floor. "Nothing. You just acted weird for a second." Cas tugged his shirt over his head. "I did? Well, I was wondering how they even got my number." He pushed his arm through the sleeves. "I should get going. Mom wants to do something to celebrate my new found sobriety. She also invited you to dinner tonight as part of the celebration." He smiled at him. "Yeah, sounds fun."
"If it didn't work the first time, what makes you think it will now? If they do it when you're not around, it's my word against theirs. Who would believe me, right? The gay kid with the crackhead Dad and drunk Mom. Let's not forget the brother that left him because he didn't care either."
“Jeez boys! Can't even last a few minutes by yourselves?” Charlie was eyeing them as they walked into the bar.
Once they were finally able to stand, they washed off and got out of the shower. Dean tossed Cas a towel and both of them went to get dressed. Cas put on a faded pair of jeans and a black button up which he left open to show off his snug white tank top. He grabbed his aviators off the dresser and walked downstairs. As soon as Charlie saw him, she whistled. "Where were you hiding that outfit?" Cas just flipped her off and moved into the kitchen. Charlie smiled.
He opened his eyes and rolled over, throwing the blanket off as he sat up. The guy in the next room would still yell from time to time. The orderlies would polity remind him that "The kid next door went through his detox without yelling or complaining." Which shut him up pretty quick. Cas stood up and ran his hand back and forth through his hair. He grabbed a shirt and black ripped skinny jeans out of the dresser, and went into the bathroom to shower. After taking a quick shower and brushing his teeth, he got dressed and put on his converse. Gadreel walked in with the bag he came here with and handed it to him. "We're gonna miss you Cas." Cas took the back and smiled. "Yeah, hope to see you never." Gadreel rolled his eyes and left Cas to pack. Cas had missed out on Thanksgiving, and Christmas break had already started. Meaning, Dean would be at home in bed. Probably still sleeping. He put the CD's in the bag and walked out of the room, closing the door behind him. He walked to the front desk. "Now can I have my phone Hannah?" He held out his hand. She smiled and handed him his phone and his cigarettes and lighter. "Is that legal for you to give these back to me?" He dangled the cigarettes.
"Yes sir. He's helping me in math and science. They're my worst subjects and I have to maintain a C average if I want to keep playing sports."
"Uh, right, okay." He pulled Cas on his lap carefully. With his free hand, he petted Cas' hair then hummed 'Hey Jude'. Cas closed his eyes and smiled.
"Like I said, the night is young." Cas smiled giving Dean a quick kiss. A wicked smile crept on Cas' face. "Oh you are on. If it were legal, I'd fuck you right on the bar with everyone watching." Charlie gagged on her drink, nearly spitting it out. "Dudes! No! People drink on this thing..."
Dean wondered for a moment what he smelled like to the Omega. Probably horrible, like sweat and body odor. He couldn't even remember the last time he bathed.
A few minutes later, the band was ready to go. Cas strapped on his guitar and put his headphones on. "Alright, play the background track." He said into the mic. He looked at Dean and winked. "Oh yeah, Mike, let it play through the speakers in there." Mike nodded and turned the speakers on. The music started. After a few seconds, Cas took a breath and closed his eyes then sang.
At Meg's house, Cas told her everything that happened. How did this happen? He should have paid attention to who he was about to fuck. He could have fucked anyone, anyone except Dean Winchester. Now the whole school will know.
He smiled. "There's only one person who can catcall me like that." Castiel turned to see Charlie Bradbury and her red hair smiling up at him. He walked down to her and gave her a hug.
"Well, I do have an almost infinite amount of money available, so I really don't mind." Cas spied a black bag among the others in his hand. "What's that?" Dean shrugged. "A surprise." Cas linked his arm in Dean's. "Well I do like surprises."
Dean and his unit are on a mission to provide back up. When a grenade lands nearby, Dean selflessly jumps on top of it. His head and legs taking most of the hit from the explosion.
"Hey, where were you? The previews are about to come on?" Charlie threw popcorn at him. "We had to get the snacks ourselves!" Cas leaned over Dean and grabbed a handful of popcorn, throwing a few kernels at her. "Bathroom." He smiled, giving her a wink.
"Charlie told me they're a big influence on your music, so I figured I'd get that for you. There's one more thing in there." Cas dug through the tissue wrapping and pulled out an envelope. He opened it and looked inside. "Concert tickets?"
"It's definitely my best work." He smiled. He turned to Cas. "I think I found my muse." He gently tugged on Cas shirt, pulling him closer. He brushed his lips over Cas'. Cas smiled.
He walked out of the bathroom, rubbing a towel on his head. Cas was finally awake, out of bed and getting dressed.
Cas was digging his clothes off of the floor of the backseat. "You don't understand. They're insistent that I go to this interview. This scholarship could make or break college for me."
"Yeah, but it works for us. He means everything to me. If it weren't for him, I'd probably be dead." Charlie smiled and got out some paper. "Let's get to writing these! It's so fucking adorable I might barf."
"Can I help you?" Dean asked. Holy fuck. His voice was like velvet with Texas twang thrown in. Castiel had to hide his Texas accent so people would take him seriously; he figured it would be a good idea to continue that practice now. "Uh, I'm here for Gabriel's wedding and was told to come here." He was suddenly very thankful that his aviators were hiding his eyes.
"Thanks, babe. I'll let you know." Dean was quiet for a moment. He squeezed Cas’ hand. "I'm not proud of who I was after they died. Not one bit. And I know you weren't here for it, but I promise you right now that I will never be that person ever again."
“Heat blockers. 'Round here, you're gonna need 'em. Got a few un-mated Alphas runnin' around including Dean.”
They walked quickly and quietly, looking for a vacant room. It didn't take long. They picked one at a quiet end of the hall, ducking in a closing the door. Cas backed Dean up to the door as it shut behind them, making fast work of the buttons as his tongue invaded Dean's mouth.
"Yeah, yeah, you're so fashionably late. We get it. So.... how was your night? Get any sleep?" Meg had propped her head in her hands and was eyeing Cas and Dean with a shit eating grin on her face. Cas returned her look. "We slept just fine, thank you." Meg picked up her menu. "Uh-huh sure ya did. So what's good here? Char, what are you thinking..."
"Yes, I remember. Have a seat." He did as he was told. "Alright Winchester. You said you want to be a paratrooper, correct? " Dean swallowed. "Yes sir."
"Like we said," Dean exhaled, "It's been awhile." Cas let his head fall forward onto Dean's shoulder. He bit at the skin there,  causing Dean to let out another deep moan.
"Why on earth do you think that would make me behave? If anything I'll just cause more trouble if that's the punishment. Your taxi's here." Cas kissed Dean. "Until later today, master."
In all the excitement, Cas fell asleep halfway home. Dean dropped Charlie off first. "Dean?" "Yeah?" "I don't think I've ever seen Cas this happy and he deserves everything that happened tonight." "I know. I knew he'd bring the house down. He's more at home on a stage in front of screaming people thanhe is anywhere else." Charlie smiled. "Yeah. Well, I'm out. I can hear my bed yell my name from here. Night Dean."
Morning light filtered through the window of Cas' room. It was a lot brighter than normal due to the snow. He felt Dean's arm around him and smiled. He rolled over so he was facing Dean. Dean opened his eyes and smiled. "Mornin" He rolled on his back and stretched. Cas gave him a quick kiss and put his head on Dean's chest. "Good morning." Dean smiled at Cas. “It's always a good morning when I wake up to you.” Cas rolled his eyes. “You're such a kiss ass.”
Dean looked at him. Even after all of that, he was making jokes about it. Dean looked behind him, making sure he wasn't needed on the field, then back to Cas. "Can you walk us through it?" Cas leaned his weight on one of his crutches and sighed. "It's kind of fuzzy, but I remember getting out of the house. I got on my bike and planned to going to the Roadhouse. I was about halfway there when I lost traction. I couldn't keep it from crashing. When I went down, the bike landed on my leg and my head slammed into the ground. I think I rolled three times before landing in the ditch and the bike landed on me. I lost consciousness after that, but before I did all I could remember thinking was
"You're pretty awesome." Dean moved to the opposite side of the booth they were in so he was next to Cas. He pulled him in close and kissed him. Cas deepened the kiss, bringing himself as close as possible to Dean.
They walked into the room hand in hand. "Ladies and gentlemen, may I introduce for the first time, Dean and Castiel Winchester." Everyone clapped and cheered. They took their seats up front. Charlie walked out to the Dance floor, mic in hand. "Okay, on behalf of Cas and Dean I'd like to say thank you all for coming. And to kick off this little shindig, I made a little video of Cas and Dean together for the last three years."
Charlie smiled smugly. "Had to break the ice somehow." Cas stuck his tongue out at her. He turned back to Dean.
Dean couldn't help himself, he couldn't stand it. He picked Cas up, crawled on the hood, and laid Cas down, Cas’ bare back flat against the cool metal. He worked the button and zipper of Cas' jeans and yanked them to Cas' ankles, causing Cas' boxers to go along for the ride down. Dean worked to free himself of his own garments, finally kicking them aside. He pressed himself down on Cas, pushing and grinding down on Cas' growing erection. Cas gasped and his head fell back to the hood. Dean bit his lip at the strong feeling of pleasure and pain that was ringing through him as his own erection grew. He pushed down onto Cas a little harder, dragging himself along Cas’ length.
A blinding light turned on, both men had to cover their eyes. Dean pushed Cas away, yelling for him to run. Cas squinted against the light, aiming his weapon and shooting, taking out only one of the lights. He knew Dean would still be blinded, so he grabbed Dean's hand and took off running. He heard the sound of an engine, realizing it was a vehicle that was now chasing them. He used the light to gain his bearings.
The three got Dean inside and set him gently on the bed. Ellen grabbed a bag of medical supplies and got to work.
Dean moved so he was in front of Cas, standing between his legs with his arms wrapped around him. Dean laid his head on Cas’ shoulder. “I didn't realize how much I missed you.” Cas felt a stab in his heart. He kissed the top of Dean's head. “Same. Jeez, we're dumb.” Dean laughed and picked his head up, looking into those electric blue eyes.
"Glad you think so." Dean grabbed the lube and put some on Cas' shaft, slowly working it til it was ready. He positioned himself the slowly sank down. Cas grabbed a fist full of sheets. "Fuck!" He breathed. Dean slowly rolled his hips, watching as Cas' breathing picked up. Cas took Dean in his hand and stroked him in rhythm with Dean. Cas flexed his hips up at a different angle. Dean let out a loud grunt and closed his eyes. "Fuck, Cas.... do it again..."
He walked up to the door, pausing as he put his hand on the doorknob, not knowing what he would find. He slowly opened the door. Cas' room was, for the most part, destroyed. Dean looked up to see Cas on the bed. He waded through the mess. When he got to the bed, he noticed Cas was breathing.
"When we were kids, you were the only one that talked to me. I wish I could remember the day we met, but I'm pretty sure your mom has a video of it somewhere." Everyone laughed. Cas continued. "Every moment with you now is just like it was back then, only were taller." Sam nudged Dean. "Notice he didn't say smarter?" Cas looked up and smiled while Dean stifled a laugh. "I think even then I wanted to spend the rest of my life with you even if we weren't soul mates. I love you Dean Winchester. I'll always love you."
I decided to make this a flashback chapter, but going back and forth between past and present. ENJOY!
"Junction City, That's about a days walk from here. But wouldn't the Betas know about it? I mean, is that were you were when you were captured?"
"Wooo! This is what I needed," Dean said as he slammed his shot glass down. Cas raised his empty glass. "Another, bar wench!"
Dean put eggs and bacon on plates and walked over to the table, setting the plates down and sitting next to Cas. He put his head on his shoulder.
Cas shrugged again. “I guess. I don't see anyone crossing Dean though. He's like everyone's savior or something.”
Cas smiled. "Hey, I was surprised too." He took a drink of his water. A few minutes later, Cas saw Gordon walking over to their table. Cas stood up and shook his hand with a smile. "Castiel, lovely to see you again." Gordon smiled. "Pleasure as always." He added. Cas motioned to Dean. "Gordon, this is Dean Winchester, my boyfriend." Dean stood up and shook Gordon's hand. "Ah yes, the famous Longhorns quarterback. Made quite a name for yourself freshman year didn't you? Most yards thrown in a single season and not one single sack."
They both looked around. None of the other kid's tattoos were glowing. Just theirs. "Do we tell someone?" Cas asked. Dean looked at him. "I don't think we're supposed to. What if we are superheros? We can't just tell people."
"You should try to get to know your son. Cas is the best man I've ever known. He's worked his ass off to try and please you his whole life. And if you can't at least try, then don't bother. Just know your son is well taken care of."
Dean moaned as Cas pressed his hips against him. Cas pulled Dean's button up off his arms and went to work on his pants, letting them fall to his ankles. Dean kick them aside and walked Cas back to the bed, lowering him, never breaking the kiss. Dean spoke against Cas' lips. "We have to be quick."
He rolled out of bed and grabbed a long sleeve thermal shirt with a skull on it and a pair of Tripp pants. He got dressed and walked out into the bar area where Ellen handed him a cup of coffee. He had gotten his cast off and traded it for a boot. Ellen still wouldn't give him the key to the motorcycle. She put a plate of eggs and bacon in front of him. "Better eat fast kid." He took a sip of his coffee as he ran his hand back and forth through his messy black hair. "Now, I know this weekend is playoffs and that you and Dean will be sharing a room, but if I find out you don't use protection-" Cas set his cup down and laid his head on the bar. "Ugh, please do not go there. We've only had sex twice. It's not like I can get him pregnant or the other way around." Ellen drummed her fingers on the bar. Cas looked at her and raised it head. "Yes ma'am." He took a bite of his eggs.
Mary was making dinner. Dean had just stepped out of a hot shower and noticed a missed call notification on his phone. It was Charlie. He picked up his phone and called Charlie, sitting in his room on his phone and called her back.
His first order of business was to wake Charlie up by jumping on her. She jumped and almost screamed. "Relax slut, it's just me." Her eyes got wide and hugged him tight. "Holy freakshow! You're home!" She said when she pulled away. "Have you seen Dean yet?" She sat up and sat Indian style on the bed. Cas shook his head. "He's probably still sleeping."
They had no idea he was coming home today. They thought he'd be home in two more weeks. He brought Adam home with him so he could meet everyone. Dean thought he was more exited about meeting Cas than anyone else. He asked Adam to walk around town to find everyone and report back. "Their at some diner." Dean smiled. His favorite diner. Perfect. He creeped around town so nobody saw him. He walked around back. He saw the waitress named Emily he went to school with. She was smoking a cigarette. "Hey. Emily." She turned.
The boys were sitting on Dean's front porch when Cas' mom pulled up. She had given Cas all afternoon to say goodbye. "It's time to go Castiel." Dean flinched, forgetting he was the only one who called him Cas. Both boys stood. John and Mary stepped out on to the porch as well as Dean's little brother Sam who just turned six.
Three days. Dean stared at his phone. Still nothing from Cas. He leaned back on the couch and closed his eyes. He heard the front door open but didn't move.
Omegas, however, while not in heat, can walk around. It was the only good thing about the place. Since Cas still had a few weeks to go until his heat, we was free to roam the compound. Come to think of it, it was actually kinda stupid on their part. If Cas could find a way out, he was damn sure going to take it. The only problem was, he was only allowed to be out of his “room” during meal times. He found a barred window and looked out. The compound was surrounded by trees, cutting them off from the outside world.
Cas walked up the steps and opened the door. Stepping inside, he looked around. It was just one open room with a bed, a small kitchen area and a bathroom in the back.
"Does it look like I'm scared? I told you, if I have to protect Cas from you I will. I tried being civil with you."
Cas leaning his head against the wall, eyes closed as Dean rubbed against him. "I want it." He begged. Dean pushed Cas to his knees and pulled down his underwear. Cas immediately went to work. Swirling his tounge around the tip of Dean's dick. Then slid his whole mouth down the shaft. He moaned, grabbing a fistful of Cas' hair. Moving his hips back and forth making Cas take the whole thing in his mouth. He stood Cas up, turned him around, and bent him over. He ran the tip over Cas' hole. Cas shuttered. He pushed in gently. Cas put one hand on the wall and the other on Dean's leg, pulling Dean inside him. "Like it rough do you?" Cas nodded through his moans. Dean obliged him. Slamming his dick the rest of the way in. Cas moaned louder. He ran his hand down his back. "Shh..." Cas nodded in understanding. Dean grabbed Cas' hips and pulled out almost all the way then slammed back in. He thrust in fast and hard as he reached around to grab Cas' dick. It was soaked with precome. Dean lowered both of them down til Cas was on his hands and knees. Dean took his jacket off. "If you need to yell, bury your face." He handed it to Cas. Cas balled it up and buried his face in it. Dean continued jacking Cas off while slamming his dick into his ass. Cas tightened his grip on Dean's leg, moaning loudly into the jacket. "You gonna come?" He kissed his back. "Yes."
"Since when do we ever just lay low and stay quiet. I mean really. This isn't our style, and it certainly isn't yours."
Someone helped him up and sat him on a chair. He leaned forward, putting his arms on his legs. "Have you ever had a panic attack before?" a doctor asked. Dean shook his head. "We may have to run some tests..."
"Yeah yeah." He pushed his tray to the middle of the table. "Just don't tell anyone. I have a reputation to hold."
"Good point." Dean slipped his boxers on. Cas rubbed his head and walked to the kitchen. He turned the Bluetooth on his phone and connected it to the radio in the kitchen. He scrolled through the music on his phone and played Marianas Trench Shake Tramp. He danced around and sang along as he got the things he would need to make french toast.
Dean nodded. "Yeah, I do.... hey, wha...?" Somehow, Cas had another shot of whiskey in his hand. "Who gave him that? He's clearly done. What the hell?!"
Arriving at the cake table, Cas signaled a waiter with a thumbs up. The waiter disappeared for a moment, returning with...
He got there with time to spare. They unloaded the Impala and the truck. His apartment was on the second floor. It was still on campus but at least it wasn't a dorm. He would have never gotten anything done with a bunch of guys his age running around acting like ten year olds. He said a long goodbye to his dad and Sam then headed to his orientation. freshmen filled the auditorium. Dean sat in the back, soon people started sitting around him. A girl sat next to him. She smiled as she set her bag down in front of her. "Exiting isn't it?" She asked. Dean smiled. "We won't think so come mid-terms." She laughed.
Dean woke up the next morning and groaned. "I don't want to talk to my agent. I just want to stay here in bed." He felt Cas laughed. "Get it over with. The sooner the better." Dean groaned and rolled out of bed. He grabbed his phone and turned it on. Fifteen missed calls. He sighed and dialed his agent. "Dean, what the hell kid? I've been trying to get a hold of you."
“Smartass.” Dean pulled Cas in close and kissed him. “Let’s just stay out here tonight. I was tired. Now I’m exhausted.”
He heard gunfire and sat up. He pushed himself off the bed and crawled to the bars of his cell. He pulled himself up, trying to see what was going on. He could hear the Germans yelling "Get the American! Get the prisoner!" One soldier emerged, yelling at Dean to get back. He sat down and pushed himself backwards to the wall then put his hands up. Like he could run anyway. A gun rang out and the soldier fell. Two British soldiers now stood in front of him. "Who are you?" They pointed their guns at him. "Private First Class Dean Winchester. 101st airborne. United States Army. My dog tags are probably on one of the Germans." One soldier pulled a set of dog tags out of his pocket and looked at them. "Found these on one. Claimed he blew off the back of a prisoners head. Stand up."  He looked at them for a moment. "I can't. My legs are shattered. There's a steel plate in the back of my head. Not all my hair has grown back. Feel for yourself." One walked over to him and ran a hand across the back of his head. "There's something there. Let's take him to base. We have a few guys from the 101st. See if the know him."
"Moved in almost a year ago. You'd know that if you didn't run around blowing your money on stupid things."
It took three nurses and two security guards to get Dean out in the hall and into the waiting room. He didn't stop struggling until Charlie took his face in her hands. "Dean, you need to try and calm down. This isn't helping Cas!" Dean stopped and looked at her. She was right. As usual. He clenched his jaw and backed up. It was like everything was suddenly in slow motion. The doctors and nurses were working fast and there was nothing Dean could do. He felt dizzy and the room spun. And then he saw black.
Adam shrugged. "Was done sleepin' I guess. So I took a walk and saw you out here and I figured I'd see if ya needed anything."
Cas just stood there for a second, a look of pure devastation on his face. He just walked away without saying a word. "Cas!" Dean ran after him, but by time he got out of the ally, Cas was gone.
Cas kissed Dean again. “I have to make some phone calls and find somewhere with WiFi. I'll be back in a few hours.”
Around noon, everyone was in the living room. Mary and John were handing out the presents. Dean was eating his second slice of pie. "So Dean, Sam tells me you're an artist." Jess said. Dean swallowed his bite before answering. "Yeah, that's what I'm studying anyway." He set the empty plate on the coffee table. "You should show her some of your work Dean. He's really good." Sam said. "Better than good. He's amazing!" Cas chimed in. Dean looked around the room, keeping his head still. "Yeah," He looked at Jess. "I'll show you a few."
Dean threw off the covers and got out of bed, completely forgetting he was in only boxers. Cas made a noise, blushed, and looked away. Dean got dressed quickly. He noticed Cas was in pajamas.
Charlie, now fifteen, walked into first period, catching Cas eyeing another classmate from his desk. She dropped her backpack in Cas' lap, causing him to jump. He looked at her. She smiled.
"Whatever. Doesn't matter. What does matter is that pictures of you and him at some unknown bar are floating around the internet.”
Dean sat up. "So what's next for today?" Cas plopped down on the bed. "First, we have to see if the girls are alive. Then we eat breakfast and go to LA."
She walked to him. "Oh my boy!" She wrapped her arms around him. He was surprised at first but returned the hug. He didn't know how long they stood there hugging. She finally pulled away. "Let me get a good look at you." She took a step back and looked at him. "My gosh you've grown so much." She smiled.
"That jock loves you. You nearly bled out in his arms, he rescued you from getting high on heroin in the bathroom, he helped you deal with your messed up foster parents, and he was waiting for you when you got out of rehab. Castiel, you're a fucking idiot if you think that Dean Winchester is going to leave you for some jock priss."
"By not freaking out for one. Just talk to me or something. Tell me a story, sing, just do something."
Cas pushed the rest of the way in slowly, taking time only to find the sweet spot. He thrust inside and pushed on the bundle of nerves. Dean cried out, grabbing a fist full of sheets. Cas moved his hips faster, hitting Dean's prostate every time. He took Dean in his hand and stroked, matching his rhythm. Dean was writhing beneath Cas. "Oh my God, Cas..."
He saw two figures walking up the dirt path. He couldn't make out the faces but he was sure one was an Alpha by the size of him.
When he let go, the omega imminently faced him and backed away. He looked from the door to the other man.
At the reception, Dean pulled Sam aside. "Here little brother. Congrats." He handed him an envelope. Sam looked inside. "Five-hundred dollars? Dean-" Dean stopped him. "Don't worry about it. I saved almost all the money I got from the army. Thankfully I had the money in a safe at the shop, so I didn't lose it in the fire." Sam hugged him. "Thank you." Dean smiled and hugged him back. After everyone offered their congratulations, Sam and Jess made their way to the dance floor. Dean watched as Sam led her around. Bobby led Ellen to the floor and John led Jo. Dean walked over to Cas who was sitting at their table. He took his hand and pulled him up. Cas smiled as Dean led him to the dance floor. They had dance a few times before, just never in public. A few people gave them dirty looks but he didn't care. He wanted to share this moment with him. Cas' smile widened as Dean spun him around the dance floor. Sam smiled and nodded once at him as they passed. Soon that would be them. And Dean couldn't imagine anybody else who he wanted to spend the rest of his life with.
Dean's jaw clenched for a second. "Really wasn't her place to tell, but I get why she did. I've never really talked about it. I kinda went nuts for awhile after it happened."
“Jeez, you’re such a meathead. It’s okay to still have feelings for Cas. None of us are fooled by you. And running off to stick it in some bitch doesn’t… Wait…” Benny smiled at Dean, who rolled his eyes and looked away.
"Dean, I get you don't want to see Cas leave." John bent down in front of Dean. Dean finally looked at his father, tears of anger and frustration in his eyes. Cas kept his eyes on Dean. Dean never cried. "No, you don't get it." His friend's voice cracked. The tears ran down his face. "I'll never see him again and you're not doing anything about it!"
“Dean!” An Omega named Chuck ran up to him. Since Chuck had been brought in, Dean gave him the job of looking after all the supplies.
"So she forces you to quit your job, move here, and find a job that pays less than your old one. Yeah, that's what's best for all of us. Leaving the only friend I've ever had, the only kid who even talks to me and wants me around...and then tells me I can't talk to him anymore? Yeah. Emotionally damaging your child is what's best for the family." His dad stood there, speechless. "Now if you don't mind, I have homework." Closing the subject.
They stayed like that for what seemed like a few minutes, but in reality it was only about twenty seconds. "Cas. You're up." Crowley said. Cas slowly stood up, not taking his eyes off Dean. Dean put his feet up on the back of the seat of the chair in front of him, putting his hands on the back of his head. He kept his eyes on Cas and smiled, satisfied. Cas flicked his eyes to Charlie who shrugged. He walked up to the stage. There was once a time when Cas was afraid to stand on stage and speak or even sing. Charlie helped him break out of his shell. Well her, his social worker and his caseworker. He looked at the class and began walking back and forth on the stage. He pulled out his light-saber, using it as a prop sword.
The short time before training, Dean spent as much time as he could with Sam and his dad. It was the most John Winchester had spoken in years. He was truly proud of Dean. He would boast that his eldest joined the Army to everyone he knew. The night before Dean's departure, John had taken Dean, Sam, and Sam's girl Jess out to eat. They laughed and talked for what felt like hours. When a few family friends showed up, John grabbed Dean's camera and handed it to the waiter telling him to take a picture of all of them. Bobby, Ellen, and Jo, protested at first but Dean insisted. They couldn't say no. When the picture came out, John gave it a few shakes and looked at it. "Oh that's good." He handed it to Dean. "You keep it. I know it only training, but it'll be rough. You'll miss home. And when you do, just look at this." He grabbed his glass of whiskey. "A toast!" He raised his glass. Everyone followed suit. "To Dean. My eldest son. For not wanting to work on cars your whole damn life. I'm proud of you son."
"Close your mouth, you'll attract flies. And I told you being a rock star comes with its advantages." He smiled. "I can't believe I just met one of the best chefs in the world."
There were narrow stairs, so he shrugged and climbed up. He found himself in a small room with a bed and dresser. The lights worked. The bed seemed newer, maybe Dean had spent some time out here. Maybe with other people, other people Dean had fucked. Cas shook his head; those days were gone now. A grin grew on Cas’ face.
Dean chuckled. “Well, like you said, a little late for stealth so it's either change here or eat in your pajamas.”
"Hey Dean, let's play a game. Come find me. Right now, you are standing we first met. Where was our first date?"
Cas stirred in his bed. He could sense a faint amount of sunlight as his eyelids fluttered. And then he sensed that he was being watched. He rolled over.
“This is a safe haven for everyone. Not just Alphas. There are a few other places like this, but this is the biggest one. Thanks to Dean.” Alec explained.
He moved his arm and looked at Dean. "What, are you my dad now?" He rolled to the other side of the bed and stood up. A few weeks after they were reunited, Cas' mom moved to Lawrence and got a two bedroom apartment. She let Cas decide whether or not he would move in with her, or stay will Ellen.  Dean moved in front of him. "What the hell is going on with you lately Cas? Ever since the game you've been...off." Cas looked at him. He didn't answer. He just moved around Dean to his dresser and grabbed a shirt and tugged it on. Then grabbed a pair of Tripp pants and put those on, then his shoes. He grabbed his bag and looked at Dean. "I'll wait in the car." He walked out, leaving Dean stunned.
He thrust his hips up. Cas pinned him down. Cas continued for a few minutes until he noticed Dean’s movements had faltered. Then he slipped a finger where a finger, let alone anything else, had never been. Dean’s eyes flew open.
"No. Not a damn word. I keep checking the hospitals and nothing. I've checked downtown and the drug areas. Nothing." He pinched the bridge of his nose.
Dean cupped Cas' chin with his fingers and turned his head so that their eyes were level with each others. Dean stared at his partner for a moment, and then he claimed his mouth in a deep kiss. After a few seconds he pulled back and looked back into Cas' eyes. "You will never, ever make anything worse. Ever."
“Yes, sir…” Dean lay down as he was asked, he’d never admit that Cas had ordered him to, and suddenly Cas was leaning over him, tying something around his wrists and… to the bedpost?
"No. Not happening Cas. Like I said, finish up here and we'll have plenty of time later for me to thank you properly." Dean claimed Cas' lips again, pulling at his bottom lip. Cas groaned as Dean pulled back.
RJ bolted out of the gate and darted forward. "Easy boy, take your time. Don't get excited." Cas whispered to his horse. They fought through the group, easily making it to the front.
The guys left and the housr was suddenly quiet. Cas ordered some Chinese and sat down at his computer. He put on his headphones and listened to background vocals layered on the newest track.
. The room filled with their heavy breathing. Cas felt that familiar heat coil and tried his best to push it down. He didn't want it to end. Not yet. He opened his eyes and looked down, watching Dean's dick disappear inside him and the heat pooled once more. He squeezed his eyes shut. "God Dean...gonna come." His voice a breathy whisper. He felt Dean hand wrap around his dick. "Yeah baby...come for me." A few strokes later and Cas lost it. His body shook as he came on both of them. He opened his eyes, his vision blurred and he got light headed. Seconds later, Dean was coming. He was still stroking Cas through his orgasm.
I DID IT! THIS IS THE LONGEST CHAPTER WITH 5,199 WORDS!!!! Anyways...what are you thoughts on the chapter and/or the story so far?
Cas was out in the barn, cleaning the saddles. He heard footsteps getting close. He rolled his eyes. If Dean was coming out there to take another “break…” Cas smiled.
"Shut up, Charlie. I heard that." Dean shot her a look. Charlie grinned and then headed back to the house.
A month later, Cas gave Dean some bad news. He was moving. His mother found a better job in Michigan. Very far away from Lawrence.
Cas stared at Gabriel. Gabriel shrugged and winked at Castiel. “You know, I don’t deserve all of the credit here. You have another soul to blame for this.”
Cas smiled when he felt Dean tighten his arms around his waist. For some reason or another, taking a ride on the motorcycle together was not something they did often, so Dean wasn't used to how Cas drove. After a couple of minutes, relaxed and loosened his grip, setting his hands on Cas' hips.He went a little faster,
She grabbed him and walked to the middle of the auditorium. "Just stand here." The lights dimmed. Dean looked at Charlie in confusion. Then music started to play along with a video of Cas and Dean.
He grabbed the lube and squirted a few drops on his fingers and worked it around his tip. Then he rubbed he rest on Cas' entrance.
Cas sighed and opened the door, stepping out of the car and onto the grass. He walked over to the headstone and looked at it. He coughed.
Dean began to move up and down Cas' shaft, his tongue soft but rough at the same time. Cas felt his hips start to move in rhythm with Dean's mouth. He put his head back again and slowed his breathing. At this rate, he’d be done in a couple of minutes. Cas wanted to make himself last a little longer.
Dean pulled his now limp cock from its place and rolled onto his back next to Cas. Cas turned his head and looked at Dean. He moved to his side and kissed him. "I love you." He whispered. Dean looked at him and smiled. "I love you too Cas." They wrapped their arms around each other. Dean kissed Cas again and sighed. "I'd love to just stay here all night and have a rematch in like two hours but we have a party to get to."
"Shut it Clarence." Meg through a  Twizzler at him. Cas shook his head and looked at the screen. His heart started racing when the green preview thing came up.
He began to grind his hips against Dean's so that their elections were pressed together. Dean reached down and took Cas in his hand, stroking him roughly, twisting a little when he reached the head. Cas threw his head back and stifled a yell.
Dean slowly made his way through the crowed room. Yet another soul mate party. The last one of the year. Now he would have to wait til march. The clock was ticking. If he didn't find his soul mate soon, he might be alone forever. His friend Jo handed him a beer. "Still nothing?" She asked. Dean shook his head. He never told anyone about Cas. Including his partents.
"It's not like we're gonna have sex on camera or something. So you're saying if I was straight, you'd have no problem with this?"
"Come on Red, you're life would be boring without me. Hell you've recorded my life since the moment we met. Hell, that's how we met. You walked up to me at lunch and shoved a camera in my face."
Cas rolled his eyes and smiled at Dean, taking his hand. “Fine. But you have to leave sometime and I'll be unsupervised.”
Dean smiled. "Well, he has but sounds like he's been holding out on me. Guess I'll have to have him make something big one of these times."
Sam found him on the bathroom floor. Barely breathing. The bottle next to him, the rest of the pills scattered on the floor. He called 911 and Dean was rushed to the hospital. The pumped his stomach. When he was able, he was transferred to a near by mental facility. And that is where the
He didn't take a cab or bus, he didn't hitch a ride. He ran. At first he didn't want to go home, but it was the closest place to where he was at, and where he was wasn't the safest place to be dressed up the way he was.
"Alright. It has been a pleasure working with you all. I will be signing the final paperwork later this afternoon. Mr Edwards will be sole owner and CEO as of tomorrow morning. Uhh, peace be with you... or whatever."
Shortly after calling everyone, the band, Meg, and Charlie were all in Cas’ living room. Naomi came in the front door.
“Okay, Castiel, let’s go…” Dean reached for Cas’ arm. Cas had a hand under Naomi’s pillow, quickly pulling out a small pink book.
"You shouldn't hate yourself for being scared Dean. I kinda had an idea about how bad it would get. That's why I left. You had already seen me like that once. I didn't want to put you through that again, but I just made it worse."
"Nothing like an overdose to put life in prospective." He walked past Dean to the bed and sat down. "This is gonna get boring." He fell back on the bed. Dean sat next to him. "Speaking of which..."
Charlie stared at the charred remains of the barn. “Yeah. It was awful. I thought we were gonna lose Dean. He had been a bigger drinker to begin with since you left, but this…” She walked over to two memorial crosses next to the old foundation and knelt down. “It damn near killed him.”
He sat up and looked at his clock. 5:15 am. He turned off his alarm and stood up, stretching as he headed to the bathroom.
Cas couldn't see it, as Dean's face was against the bathroom wall, but Dean smiled when he heard Cas' words. "I love you too" Dean said breathlessly. Cas drove deeper into Dean when he heard him say it, his hips moving more furiously.
The girls discussed their food options. Cas was glancing through his menu when he felt a hand slide over his thigh. He leaned toward Dean. "Even I need food, babe," he whispered. Dean sighed, looking at the menu also. "Yeah I know." Cas planted a kiss on Dean's cheek.
Castiel looked up to see a man that looked exactly like Dean, but his hair was a little longer and messy. He looked from the man to Dean, back to the man, who laughed a little.
Dean raised his eyebrows. Words escaped him for a second at the sight of those electric blue eyes looking up at him, sending long-buried memories into the deepest parts of his soul. "Well hell. I'd recognize those eyes anywhere. After twelve damn years the prodigal son Cas returns."
Dean put his hands in the air and turned away from Cas, so that his back was to him. “I don't know. Just...not now. I've barely even wrapped my head around the fact that you're even here okay?"
The guests applauded. "How do I follow that?" Dean said to the crowd, who laughed at his joke. Cas had taken his place again.
Dean walked over. "Listen you psycho horse, Cas is gone okay? He ain't comin back. Now shut up before I send you to the glue factory." The horse looked at him. "You won't let anyone ride you so what good are ya?" The horse snorted at him. "That's what I say too. Fuck him, right? We don't need him do we?" But he did need Cas. He just wanted Cas to come back, or at least call. It had been months. Months with no word. No "How are you." No "Fuck off and go to hell." Nothing. Hell, Cas was probably having the time of his life and forgot all about his friends and Dean.
