Clearly, she didn’t replace much of the wallpaper—most of it is dated, flowers and damask, but that, too, is reminiscent of his first home, so Dean finds it more charming than tacky. Not that he would ever admit this aloud. If anyone else were present, he’d probably nag his mom about updating the place and losing its grandma-chic aesthetic, just for the sake of keeping up appearances.
Dean turns to Cas. “I mean, you slept in the car—you’re not still tired, are you?” It’s less a real question and more an attempt to find out if Cas is okay without actually asking.
“It was him, Sam.” Then, remembering that he apparently did not tell Sam this in real life, and only in his weird waking dream, “On the phone. Cas.”
“Thanks for the overwhelming vote of confidence there, Sammy,” Dean drawls from the floor. But he’s jittery, like he just drank sixteen cups of coffee, every nerve vibrating. He gets to his feet, refusing help reflexively, his hand quickly dropping the blue tie he was still gripping.
“Fuck,” Dean whispers, letting their hips rock against each other, their mouths parting wetly only to meet again and again. How the hell did they get here?
“Oh,” says Dean, grinning around a pizza-flavored pretzel roll, holding it right between his teeth like a cigar without breaking it, as he cranks Baby’s engine, “I’m
Settling on something retro with prominent synthesizers, Cas turns it up, and the song throbs along like the pulse of the darkness around them, the moonless night they’re driving through, as Dean turns the wheel again and again. The road snakes right through the hearts of entire mountains, and the radio goes out a few times, crackling for a few seconds when they lose the signal, blocked by more solid rock, but it always comes back again.
“When the Empty took him.” Dean swallows, hard, loud enough to hear his throat working. And Sam freezes in place, because Dean has never even touched this topic with a ten-foot pole. “You kept asking and asking me how Cas did it. Remember? How he summoned it. And you finally dropped it, which, don’t get me wrong, was great.” Which it was, or so Dean had thought at the time, when all he wanted to do was forget about it.
Outside the gas station, by the side of the road in the weeds, is a flimsy white sign, red letters made from pieces of tape. And Dean didn’t get a real good look at it as they pulled in, but from where he stands at the gas pumps he glimpses the words “pro-choice” and “marriage” and “going to hell?” Before the sour feeling in his stomach has the chance to grow, he catches Cas frowning at the sign, pulling it out of the ground and tossing it into the ditch as Dean pumps gas. Dean chuckles to himself, fondly.
Eventually, Mary comes over to fix Dean’s hair, which must have dried funny, reaching up to fuss with it in a very motherly sort of way, when he hears the doorbell again. Waving Mary off, he goes to answer it.
Dean shifts on the bed, uncomfortable from dozing in his jeans and two shirts. He reaches down to grab his half-closed laptop, shuts it, and sets it on his nightstand, because he’s definitely gonna end up kicking it off the bed if he doesn’t set it aside. Dean glances back up and focuses on Cas’ face.
Some part of Dean’s mind registers that the lights in the room have gone out. There’s blood on the wall. Dean isn’t even wearing the same clothes anymore. But that’s not the focus of his attention; everything else is just background noise to him now.
Dean successfully quells the urge to sob with relief by cranking Baby’s engine and letting that sound take over, that familiar purr, closing his eyes for a second.
“See, it’s not easy, is it,” Dean adds, like he’s trying to prove some point about his own inability to express anything personal, but again, he just sounds too earnest.
It’s not just empty, there aren’t even any signs of recent habitation. Walls of knotty pine and a sad, shallow little bed with a threadbare knitted blanket, a small brick fireplace. The three of them move around carefully inside, but there’s nothing, no evidence, and nothing they can track outside, either.
, doesn’t know why he did that, then hears how weird and cheesy that sounded and promptly wants to die.
Wandering the living room, surveying its walls of pink flower buds on ’70s green, he takes in the family photos on the shelves. There are several of him and Sam, of course. Even a couple of them as kids, copies of Dean’s own thumb-creased photographs that he’d gotten printed for her recently. Irrepressible warmth blooms below his breastbone when he spots that shot of just the two of them—Mary embracing a very blond, four-year-old Dean, her face pressed up to his cheek, her long hair cascading down—now newly encased in a dark silver frame.
the Empty hear him? Hear his thoughts? Is it watching? Is it going to ensure that Dean spins his wheels in here for the rest of time, getting nowhere, while it keeps Cas tucked just out of reach for all eternity?
Dean goes through the motions of getting ready for bed, but it doesn’t go away. It’s like the feeling he’s had all day, constantly trying to shrug off sleep and the clinging remnants of nightmares. But
“You’ll have to be more specific.” Cas blinks at him the way he does when Dean’s just woken him up in bed. “Do you mean literally, or metaphorically? Now, or later? And where?”
Of course Dean doesn’t so much as twitch, too desensitized to Sam’s obnoxious sounds. Dean hides his grin in the crook of his arm, not that it would be visible in the shadows anyway. At this angle, Cas turned towards the window and its faint beam of light, Dean can make out the shape of his hair, which is tousled and spiked in odd places—and the shape of him under his borrowed t-shirt, more of his neck and collarbones exposed than his usual button-down shirt would ever allow, his arms bare. Dean suddenly feels so far away. A small noise wells up in the pit of his throat, and he suppresses whatever it is, pressing his forearm against his mouth.
—so Dean sits and waits and waits until, with an agonized frown of pure concentration, he very, very slowly turns the wheel left.
Dean nods, looking down at the bed, sufficiently reassured by this answer—though he’s probably going to have to check out the injury himself later before he’ll really be satisfied that Cas is okay.
he made it for Cas the first time he was genuinely human. And Dean doubts he’ll ever fully get over that sense of guilt, no matter how many ways Dean tries to make it up to him, no matter how much Cas claims he’s gotten past it. But they can move forward anyway.
He stops just behind Dean’s shoulder, watching as his older brother pushes bacon around in a pan, before Sam catches movement in the corner of his eye. He turns his head and sees Cas wandering in rather sleepily, wearing Dean’s dead-guy robe.
Dean doesn’t reply, but he looks like he’s listening, waiting silently for Sam to continue, not wasting his breath asking “
Appearing to instinctively sense that Cas’ sentiments were intended for Dean alone, Sam has graciously turned away, now scribbling frantically in his notepad and pretending not to hear.
A minute later, Sam says, “Actually, I can even check around to see if there’s any news in the area that sounds like ‘our thing’.” Sam pulls out his phone, seeming to have warmed to the idea of not going straight home.
Dean closes his eyes. There’s probably very little Dean could do that would tarnish Cas’ opinion of him. Because that’s—
Now sitting across from Cas, Sam rests his own hands on the table. “I guess you couldn’t tell how long ago this was?” There’s a glint in his eye, the kind he gets when he’s on the verge of a major research breakthrough.
This thing is complicated sometimes. Every now and then it’ll just hit Dean, out of the blue, how needlessly
Dean had just headed down to do the laundry: everyone’s laundry, all at once, which was going to dearly tax the Men of Letters’ 1950s-era washers and dryers, because Dean had fallen into a rather cute little routine involving chores around the place.
Except Cas’ eyes seem to soften. Even if he doesn’t know what’s happening in Dean’s head right now, he sees that Dean can’t move, and Cas is not going to make him. “Dean…”
And Dean knows what she’s doing now. It means something to her, getting Cas back, so naturally she has to downplay it by being like this. She’s had too much emotional honesty for one day.
Reluctantly, Cas accepts his answer. “I could never see or hear your dream. As I’ve already told you, I can sense—longing,” he repeats, though this time he seems hesitant, even slightly confused.
And Cas clings to him, kisses him ferociously like this was all worth falling for in the end, the two of them silhouetted against a phosphorescent wall of vending machines.
He and Cas have that house—a little like this one, but more eccentrically designed and decorated. It has a lawn, and Dean mows it when the weather is nice, which seems important for some reason.
Cas is flicking Dean’s lighter, over and over, and can’t get it to light. Dean taps his boot restlessly against the dirt. There’s a gun strapped to his thigh, which hasn’t been useful for one second of this trip, and the holster’s beginning to feel like a vice. The flame sputters a few times in the night breeze, and Cas peers at it as it dies again. “This is inefficient.”
It sticks to him, like a bad taste in the back of his mouth. Dean can’t quite remember what it was about, but he’s pretty sure it was dire. Like, “worse than his recurring dreams about Hell” levels of bad.
Sam seems to take a second to gather his thoughts. A new quiet resolve in his voice, like everything has started to make some semblance of sense, at last. “We’ll get him back, Dean.”
The wooden floor creaks under their dress shoes. The walls are adorned with vintage beer signs, the kind of thing Dean wouldn’t mind decorating his own room with. They sit in a booth, order some food, and get the young guy to promise to come talk to them during his break. Surprisingly, given that they’re way too far southeast for this, the deep-dish pizza is made the proper way—sauce on top of the cheese—and Dean’s not hungry, but it tastes good enough that he eats anyway.
Cas has assured him that this is not true, that Dean’s voice is all his own, and that all his words are well-earned.
“So,” comes Cas’ voice right next to his ear, “when were you thinking of taking this literal-slash-hypothetical trip.”
“Since forever, where the fuck’ve you been?” Dean shakes his head and grabs some plates. “I was gonna give you first pick of the movie, too, but since you’ve decided to be such a little bitch this morning….” Dean’s tone has evolved into something bordering on fondness, despite his words. “I’ll pick one myself. I’m thinking—some adventure flick.
like shadows, with the grazing, ghosting touches of their hands together. Like they’re afraid to let their hands really touch. They’re just standing there in the dark for no reason after an accidental brush of arms, and in the pause that follows, their hands inexplicably gravitate towards each other. But they don’t really touch. And for fuck’s sake, Dean thinks in a moment of clarity, they’re just hands.
Jody gives them directions to some little abandoned ranger’s cabin, a suspected hideout for a subset of the werewolf pack. Another stupid forest, another monster. Another night of Dean pretending to be fine.
“That wouldn’t have worked on me this time, because I know the score. I guess it knew that, somehow.” Referring to the djinn. “Last time, I remembered everything about my real life. This time was like—an actual dream.” Dean pauses, struggling to find the words, still in the process of putting these thoughts together even as he voices them. “You know how dreams just—fill in the blanks for you? Create false memories?”
When he’d been ready to die, and admitted it aloud. Driving through the dark after failing to save a kid. Hearing Cas’ voice through the phone, and feeling like light had instantaneously burst through all the places where Dean was cracked and broken. Seeing Cas standing by that phone booth under the streetlamp, and the joy of learning, maybe for the first time, that for the two of them, even the impossible wasn’t always an absolute. A lesson Dean wishes he’d remembered sooner, this time around.
When they stop for gas, the wind is whipping so strongly that the second he opens the door, all the trash in the car footwell gets violently sucked out, old papers and burger wrappers shooting past the gas pumps and out into the highway before Dean can even blink.
,” Dean hisses immediately, literally shushing him without even turning. “I’m concentrating.” He probably shouldn’t be having this hair-trigger reaction to the situation, but if he’s gotten them lost, it’s fucking embarrassing.
Dean shakes his head at the leaf-covered ground, brown edges trampled over and mushed into the wet soil. “But you don’t get it, Sam. His deal with the Empty was—that it would take him when—when he experienced a moment of true happiness.”
It’s such a literal reply, and it reminds Dean so much of Cas in his early soldier-of-Heaven days, back when they first met, that it just makes him ache. Jack is so much Cas’ son.
Sam’s hands are now at his temples as he rubs in circular motions, as if calming himself. “Dean, would you please quit screwing around.”
After chipping most of the frozen gum off the sole of his boot, as he sat in the kitchenette in the early-morning light filtering through the motel window, Dean gets dressed—each of them in their Fed suits again—and they do an interview in town.
“Mmm.” Cas rolls a gravelly noise of assent into Dean’s mouth before rolling his own tongue in instead.
Dean pauses. Swallows dryly and tilts his head down, speaks to the floorboards. “They waited too long. A deathbed confession is just gonna make it worse for her in the long run— So he doesn’t tell her then, because he knows he’s about to die, and he knows what that’s gonna do to her, how bad that’s already gonna hurt.”
He almost jerks back from it when, just as rapidly as it had arrived, the shock fades. It turns to a pleasant, almost drug-like warmth, suffusing him.
, I know where I’m going. I know, uh—where I have to go. Jesus, Sammy, would you can it for five seconds and just trust the pilot?”
It didn’t take this long to recover last time a djinn got him, but he was so much younger then. He’d been, what, twenty-seven? He hadn’t even met Cas yet.
“Hey, Sunshine,” Dean beams, looking up from the stove, seeming to have completely forgotten about the hallway awkwardness last night. “Check this out.” He proudly brandishes a red bottle. “The store had
And, of course, one could argue that it proves what Cas has been saying all along. All those things Dean couldn’t bring himself to believe, about him being so
Sometimes Dean worries he’s passing it on to Cas, his occasional tendency toward road rage. When it comes to human behavior, the angel often appears to learn by example. But then, he can’t really imagine Castiel, Angel of the Lord, flipping off another driver, no matter how much he tries to picture it, so he figures they’re safe.
—” Christ, this is humiliating. “Pretty much yep.” Dean says that too fast, with a jerky nod, the words jumbling together.
It wasn’t like Sam was completely oblivious, he’d had a decade to notice that there was some kind of ongoing tension between the two of them, but he had attributed most of that to Cas… Figuring it to be some complicated, eternally unresolved thing that Dean would never be able to acknowledge or understand.
“Wait for what, Dean?” Cas questions him, that patented look of concern etched into his face, blue eyes tilted at that imploring angle.
When Dean opens his eyes, Sam is still staring at him. Trying to understand what Dean is stumbling over.
Cas starts to look uncomfortable, which is truly saying something considering that Castiel is the undisputed, reigning king of awkwardly long stares.
Abruptly, he’s struck with the sense that he is actually crawling, dragging himself across some intangible horizontal surface even though his orientation with the blackness around him hadn’t seemed to change. The Empty mocks him. Dean persists, keeps going in an effort to find his feet. Hangs on with his fingernails. Doesn’t care if it turns his fingertips to bloody stubs. And, agonizingly slowly, the not-ground begins touching the soles of his boots again.
Sam probably would have preferred it if he’d been a little less silent, though. Sam probably would have taken comfort in being insulted right about now, but Dean can’t find it within himself to do it. Words are currently like molasses in his mouth, anyway, if significantly less sweet.
They both wake up simultaneously, side by side on Dean’s bed, with their hands empty, their phones still safely tucked away and untouched. They blink sleepily at each other.
Dean may or may not have ordered a nauseatingly expensive grill from a late-night infomercial at three a.m. because the woman shilling it had said, in the middle of her nonstop sales pitch, that it was the perfect way to cook a summer meal for your family, especially if you happened to have a burger lover in that family.
Dean thinks about that, now, as he keeps Cas pinned against the kitchen counter, pressing their hips tightly together, and a slight shiver runs through him.
“What the hell!” Dean barks. He scrambles back, pulling his gun and noticing Cas doing the same in the periphery of his vision.
Dean almost knew, that night a few years ago, after the phone call. Almost saw all of it, when he saw Cas standing by that phone booth. They could have had it, all of it, back then, if only he’d understood.
“No. Neither are you.” The white sheets and blankets rustle around on Cas’ bed for a second, and then Cas is sitting up, shifting to lean forward so that he and Dean can see each other.
Because when Billie was coming for them, it was the strength of Cas’ emotion that saved Dean, in the end. And Dean’s feelings, in turn, have apparently saved Cas.
The world starts to feel like a smaller place when you’ve saved it a few times over. Especially that last time, when they’d briefly been the only people left on the face of the earth, wholly responsible for its fate.
But he wasn’t supposed to. Dean was supposed to be something else—he’d been trained and honed for years, like a prized weapon forged in a fire, into that something else. He’s pretty sure a lot of people couldn’t imagine him as anything
“What, the—the sigils?” Dean trips over the words, because he still doesn’t even understand how he knew to
As if Dean’s really just getting it for the first time, even though he knew this already, even though he
“Yeah, they were gross,” Sam chuckles. They used to snack on those when they were traveling around as kids.
“Dean.” Cas frowns. The look Cas gives him is—not pitying. If it were anyone else, maybe it might be, but not Cas. “You need to sleep.”
(There were a few little easter eggs scattered throughout the story, usually in the form of dialogue, so I'm also curious if anyone caught those.)
The chorus of the song keeps circling back around, the “don’t you want me”s over and over as Dean begins to feel like he’s driving in circles, too. He feels the tires bump over another set of train tracks, and it doesn’t feel right to him. This is not where they’re supposed to be.
“Yes, I suppose we could,” Cas sighs into his phone, closing his eyes briefly. “I’m truly sorry, Jack, I—”
Out the window, they’re jagged and red and orange in the morning sun. Dean has the stereo turned up way too loud, as usual, letting the guitar riffs slice through the air like the rocks above the desert.
“In a heartbeat, Dean,” Cas replies, curtly. “For you, I would do it again in a heartbeat.” Cas holds his gaze, unflinching. That
Studying it carefully, Sam kept trying to guess why this particular victim had their heart 1) removed but then 2) just
“I understand, Jack,” Cas is saying now, so clearly more concerned for Jack’s feelings than his own. Putting on a brave face, like any parent would.
That makes it even harder to focus, and Dean remains silent for so long that Sam just reaches over to help him up and herds him back to their room. Dean goes willingly, because what else can he do?
The motel’s neon sign looms over Dean as he rounds the corner of the building, back to the parking lot and the row of identical motel room doors. Dean looks at the backs of his hands, and the neon casts them in a sickly yellow. Or maybe they’re just that filthy. A shower is sounding better and better, so that’s his plan once he gets to the room.
Just like that, he’s almost on that cliff again, the portal seething and rippling as he strains to reach Cas, to pull him in—
“You know, it’s this, uh, big engine?” Dean gestures with his hands, cupping them in front of his chest and then spreading them far apart like this somehow represents the boat engine in any recognizable way. “We’re not near any water. There’s no theme to the room. So, like, why?” He gets nothing from the manager. “Room 17?”
, and to somehow fit it all down inside a tiny vessel. A fragile, beautiful, resilient human vessel, stronger than anything Dean has ever known or seen, simply because it belongs to Cas.
Dean checks the books, shuffles them like cards, not sure what he’s looking for. There’s some weird shit here. Titles like
Swipe. Same shot, except the two of them were turned slightly in towards each other—Dean chuckling at something one of them must have said, the smile reaching his eyes this time, his whole body angled towards Castiel, while Cas’ head was turned towards Dean, an open look on his face, a soft smile almost uncharacteristic of him.
They all leap to their feet and take off running in the direction the sound came from, even Dean, his hunter instincts trumping his reaction to the phone call, at least for now. Someone is in immediate danger
Dean’s tongue swipes out across his lower lip, a tell, a nervous tic. “Would you believe me if I said it was a surprise?”
That label is a little misleading. Dean has a lot of 1960s-themed tapes, from the British Invasion to Motown to Prog Rock. The theme of this tape is pretty much all heartbreak songs, because no decade did heartbreak quite like the ’60s. There are even a few of those stupid teenage-death songs that he always claims to hate and find cheesy—probably why the insert in the cassette case doesn’t actually include a tracklisting, hence the vague title on the label.
Grumbling, Dean fiddles with the radio until the music cuts back on, perfectly clear again. Satisfied, he goes to poke his head out the kitchen door. “Sammy!”
“Really. And exactly how old was she?” Jody asks Dean, hands on her hips, looking at him like he’s an idiot.
Sam reluctantly leaves it for now, appeased by Dean’s attempt at honesty, and they collect their spoils before heading for the checkout counter. Sam buys some nasty-looking dried cranberries that look, literally, like shit, and Dean tells him so. Dean does not buy the Cheez-Its or the pork rinds, but he proudly marches out of the store with Combos and Nutter Butters in his bag.
Jody doesn’t really know Cas that well, but Claire does, and Claire’s rare reaction to him today seems more than enough for Jody to instantly warm to him even further.
Something flickers on Cas’ face—confusion?—then is quickly suppressed. Like Cas is forcibly trying to make himself as emotionless as when he was more angel than human, Heaven’s perfect soldier. But he can’t seem to do it, not completely. He even tilts his head to the side a fraction in that way of his—and god, that sight just makes Dean ache.
But, eventually, his restlessness and rumbling stomach help persuade him out of bed, so after meticulously combing his hair, Sam wanders out to the kitchen to find Dean cooking—and in a stunningly good mood.
Letting the spoon drop back into the bowl, Dean sighs, rubbing a hand down over his mouth. A signature gesture of his in times of trouble, and he realizes he can’t recall doing it even once in his dream.
On another elevated highway, tall, running alongside a coastal city, they’re on their way to gank some vamps.
Sam makes his way over to the table and sits down opposite Cas. And he’s not going to do anything else to bother them, he promises, he’ll give Dean all the time he needs—
The moment his hips come in contact with Cas’, as relatively feather-light as the touch is, Cas presses back instantly, pushing a needy sound into Dean’s mouth, and Dean feels every nerve in his own body ignite and go from zero to sixty—and he hears a sharp pop directly to his left as the lightbulb in his bedside lamp shatters.
Without any forethought, Dean’s broaching the subject to Cas: going somewhere exotic and unfamiliar, hypothetically, sometime. Because it’s one thing for Cas to lose the use of his wings, but to never go anywhere at all, ever?
Dean’s heart drops through the fucking floor. “So uh— Lemme get this straight—” he starts speaking, just to prevent an impending silence and keep himself from thinking about how poetic Cas can be. “It became, like, a supersonic prayer?”
One of Dean’s hands has migrated to the back of Cas’ neck without Dean even realizing it. It feels like such a delicate spot under his fingers, warm, vulnerable, intimate.
More gunshots from across the room as Cas fires on the second wolf. But this one is a fast fucker, leaping and evading, and a
The kitchen radio is now playing an old song by the Everly Brothers which would fit right in on Dean ’60s tape, a song about dreams, which, thank fuck, in no way resembles Dean’s life anymore.
“Ouch. Dammit,” Dean mutters to himself, petulantly, rubbing his wrist. Actually, now that he’s started, the other wrist seems a little sore, too.
In the heart of the town is an old-fashioned main street, cozied away from the chain stores that make up the bulk of the modest-sized town itself. They head to a small local pizza joint, tucked away in a row of brick buildings with facades that haven’t been redone since the ’50s, where the victim’s boyfriend works.
After they’ve been on the road a while, Sam falls asleep, so he doesn’t notice how many U-turns Dean is taking.
A few days later, in the library, an actual conversation happens, because Dean’s worked himself back up to the point where that’s doable again. So, give him a gold star. Whatever.
, Dean thinks to himself, just before a line of brush and shrub breaks, flinging a mess of small leaves and droplets into the air, and the wendigo lunges straight for them.
He’s done his best to make it up to Sammy after his latest slip-up. The djinn thing had been the first major crack in Dean’s façade, and he can’t let Sam look all the way into that crack, all the way into him; he’s protected Sam from that since they were just kids. No more day drinking where Sam can see it. Actually, a lot less drinking in general, which sucks, but he’s trying, because after so many years of narrowly avoiding dying young, he’s finally supposed to live.
On his bedside table, there’s the dog-eared polaroid of Mary with Dean’s four-year-old self. Her smile had been a little like that, in the dream—the way Mary had smiled at the both of them, him and Cas. Accepting them as—as a set. Dean doesn’t know for sure if the real Mary would have reacted that way. Some wingless hope struggles under his ribs, but it vanishes before it can ever take flight, as quick as if it were stamped out under a boot heel. Hope, in its very nature, implies possibility. Here, there is none, on both counts.
She’s tied up, but more alive than dead. Todd goes to pieces, and they shush him again as they hurry to free her. Her eyes go wide and fill with tears when she sees Todd, but then she looks at Sam, and she looks at Dean, knowing they’re clearly the ones in charge here. “It’s coming back,” she whispers fiercely, warning them. “I heard it just now. I—I guess I panicked,” she adds, seeming ashamed of her scream, and Dean makes a mental note to remind her later that it’s okay, it probably saved her life.
The song throbs along, just like all synthwave seems to do, almost ominously, like a heartbeat. Like his own fucking heartbeat. He thinks that he feels Cas’s eyes on him, searching, evaluating, judging as Dean just spins in circles.
“Yes. Any of them. All of them,” Cas promises, as the radio plays on, the song ramping back up from its quiet interlude.
He and Sam rifle through their bags to find some sleep clothes to lend Cas, which is just one more moment of weirdness on top of a giant iceberg of weirdness that continues to grow. One of Sam’s t-shirts, which will be overly large, and Dean’s sleep pants, which probably won’t fit that well but at least won’t need to be rolled up at the cuffs five times.
“I know,” Jack says, smoothly and calmly, somehow with both the wisdom of a child and an all-powerful being. “You don’t belong there. You didn’t belong in the Empty, either. So it was okay for me to help set things right.”
And okay, yeah, they’d worked a case not too long ago that took them down this same stretch of I-81. Dean is kind of dumfounded that Cas would remember, let alone care.
She’d stayed with them at the bunker for a while, though oddly enough, their relationship seems to have strengthened more since she moved out, since she moved in here. Mary still hunts on occasion, though she’s mostly just trying to figure out what she wants to do in the future. But then, aren’t they all.
“It was the weirdest damn thing, actually.” Dean frowns, draping a forearm over the arm of the couch to pull himself up a bit more and anchor himself there. “Couldn’t sleep at all at night, but I kept zonking out during the day and havin’ these dreams….”
Sam’s steady breathing fills the room, like every night, punctuated by the more than occasional snore. And Dean realizes—this really is the same thing he hears every night. Nothing more, nothing less. Twisting onto his stomach, Dean pulls his head up over the arm of the couch, which faces the foot of Cas’ bed, and peeks out. He doesn’t hear a second set of steady, slow breaths.
Maybe being back in the car should be comforting, but it’s not. It’s too normal, too mundane a scene, and Dean doesn’t know how to fit into their normal life anymore after what he just did.
Dean doesn’t have time to hang up. The next thing he knows, he’s suddenly flat on his back, staring up at the ceiling.
This is now some treasured memory to Cas, and what the fuck. It’s not a great memory, but it’s one they share. It all comes back to him now. As Dean thinks about it—a brief, liminal space in time that he never in a million years would have remembered otherwise—the feeling, the color of the memory changes.
The clarity Dean had been infused with begins to ebb away. He’s dizzy, fuzzy around the edges as he claws at a floor, a wall, a ceiling that doesn’t exist. His resolve falters. What the fuck is happening?
there’s no emergency, Sam texted literally less than five minutes ago to say that he was almost at the house, and they’re not even on a case right now, so Sam’s safe.
“Dean,” Cas says again, giving the syllable an entirely different meaning than when he’d said it a moment ago, unbearably soft.
“I don’t, uh— I don’t think I can do this anymore.” The words are a little muffled, his face resting against the sleeve of his jacket. Bones creaking, he sits back up, leans his head against the trunk, eyes closed. Huffing a noise like a brittle laugh. “I’m just done.”
For a split second, Dean’s not even sure he opened his eyes at all. This absence of light sticks to him, cloying, black and syrupy, like a bad taste in the back of his mouth. Something rotten, yet somehow also odorless. This place is wrong. Like, almost worse-than-Hell levels of wrong.
Inside, Dean wanders down aisles that contain not just snacks and standard gas station fare, but also travel gear, clothes, and tourist souvenirs. There’s even a flat-screen TV mounted high up in one corner, playing a western movie. He periodically hears announcements over the loudspeakers along the lines of, “
He sounds somehow younger, this way. His phone keeps casting that watery, weak yet steady light ahead of him.
Funny how Cas can look so luminous, so bright, in the middle of all this black nothing, with no actual light source anywhere to make him shine so radiantly.
Firmly, after another deep breath, Dean starts again. Confidently, not cracking jokes. This is the bottom line.
is amazing to him, both hands clutching Dean just as reverently as he clutches that small word. “Very much. More than I can say.”
Dean screams bloody murder, and of course the door to Room 17 bursts open, slamming against the inside wall of their room as Sam comes running out, looking ready for anything, hand making a beeline for his gun, poised to fight if needed. All Dean can see is Sam and that door, everything else still as blurred and indistinct as TV static.
“ 'What a long, strange road it’s been',” Dean intones. In the mirror, he sees Cas peer at him, as if the angel senses this must surely be a reference to something, isn’t quite sure what, and it doesn’t make any difference because he’s still fascinated by all the things Dean says.
Dean rolls over, lets himself face Cas—the look in Cas’ eyes is show-stopping, so full of love and affection it takes Dean a second to remember to speak. “Maybe we don’t need to.”
Increasingly uncomfortable under all this scrutiny and analysis, not to mention dumbfounded, Dean squirms. “Yeah, okay, professor,” he mutters, snarky.
Not sterile-white, hospital-bright, but—clean and homey. Against the wall are white bookshelves lined with photographs, all flooded with natural light and bathed in sun. He shifts on thick, cream-colored cushions, turns to blink at the windows, bright behind gauzy white curtains.
A small noise that Dean doesn’t recognize escapes his throat while, at the same time, Cas makes a soft sound into his mouth. Cas kisses him back—has instantly caught up to him, on the same page, kissing back with everything he’s got, like the only thing Cas was ever waiting for was permission. Cas’ brow furrows, with a soft sound like a whine the back of his throat. Their lips keep parting and meeting again. The feeling of that rough coat fabric under Dean’s hands and the hard planes of the angel’s body up against him—and he should physically pull back from Cas now because he can’t breathe, but he doesn’t want to.
“Don’t worry about it.” Dean fondly raises a hand as if to smooth down Cas’ nest of hair, but it’s a trap, and instead Dean deliberately musses it up even more until it practically spikes. Dean is endlessly entertained by this. His own hair is nowhere near thick enough to stand up on its own, so he does it to Cas at every opportunity. It’s something he’s always wanted to do, probably for about twelve years.
“I—” Dean falters. Hears Sam’s pen scritching along. And, like the coward that he is, amends that thought. “—We missed you, you know?” As if to explain the longing. What bullshit. They say you can’t bullshit a bullshitter, but clearly that’s not true—it’s, dare he say it, bullshit?— or else Cas wouldn’t keep buying all the crap and excuses Dean’s been selling for the past decade. “It’s good to have you home, man.”
He can somehow clearly imagine Mary filling that last empty space in the back seat right now, leaning up to whisper in his ear as he drives,
Standing on one side of the bedroom, he toys with the clasp of his watch and looks across the room at Cas, and it’s like he’s starting to think in words that aren’t even his own. He feels his own gaze zoom in like a camera, drawing him closer to Cas, compelling Dean to go over there until Cas is within touching distance.
It takes forever, but then, it’s a fucking big dinner. He doesn’t know the last time he cooked for so many people. Meanwhile, those people filter in and out: he sees Eileen conversing happily with Cas. Sam comes over to steal a taste of something on one of the burners, and Dean swats his brother’s hand away with a ladle. The next time Dean looks up from the stove, Cas appears to be showing Jack how to do something—is that the damn coffee machine?—in a very fatherly way.
By now, Claire has recovered. She regards Dean and Cas with a look of disgust, apparently picking up on the same thing Sam did. She shoves a spoonful of potatoes into her mouth in a way that somehow manages to be vindictive. “So, come on. Tell me a story. How’d it happen?”
“What you said to me in the Empty, Dean,” Cas whispers against the shell of his ear. “It was breathtaking.”
Cas looks at him like he expects Dean to say something in return, and Dean realizes he hadn’t voiced that out loud. But he doesn’t want to, and he fidgets under Cas’ unerring gaze.
And Dean had, apparently, been self-indulgently listening to this in bed on the night before the hunt.
Icy cold washes over Dean, and something swirls in his stomach; he wants to be sick. He can vividly picture his dad barking “
“Okay. Sounds good,” Sam agrees. Sam gets it. And from the look in Cas’ eyes, he gets it, too, that Dean is actually the one who needs to rest—that he’s hit his limit, his arrow now in the red, burying the needle on his own personal speedometer for days—and there’s something all kinds of fucked up about the fact that they can tell, but Dean isn’t even sure why.
“Okay, fine, so maybe we’ve watched that one a lot recently.” Dean holds up his hands in surrender, a serving spoon still gripped in one of them, and Sam chuckles to himself, because his brother is
” to them as kids on one of those occasions when John got horribly, scarily drunk in a motel room to stop thinking about Mary.
certainly never happened in his djinn dream. Because of course it didn’t, Dean hadn’t even known that was a thing that
Sam gets to his feet, unfolding from his chair, and Cas apparently gets the memo, because he stands up, too, so that Sam can pull him into yet another hug which is obviously on the way.
Why is it even here? This town is nowhere near the ocean or a major lake. And why would it be—if it were, it’d probably mean the town was a scenic vacation spot, and the Winchesters never visit any place just to relax. It’d be a bad advertisement for a tourist attraction anyway, with its sludgy black-and-white paint. Leviathan-esque, even. Dean shudders, the indelible image of Cas walking into a lake the last thing he needs right now.
“I’m fine, Dean,” Cas repeats a little more insistently. Then pauses, contemplative. “My grace is somewhat...low,” he adds, with a small frown, “but there’s nothing physically wrong with me.”
The feeling of unfinished business between him and Cas is suffocating, but now is not the time to bring it into the light. It’s such a mundane,
He didn’t succeed, because the human mind is fallible that way, his in particular, and whenever he did remember it, and the jarringly gentle, knowing look the guy gave him a second later before walking off and leaving Dean in the street, it made something weird twist in his stomach. Even though it was
Dean smashes his eyes shut, fighting for clarity, then opens them again. Cas is still there, down the eye of a telescope, down the wrong end of a pair of binoculars, and Dean reaches.
The body drops to the ground. Cas holds out a hand, standing over Dean, and pulls him to his feet. Dean banged the back of his head against the ground when he went down, and he feels a little jittery, adrenaline still buzzing in his palms.
Sam’s gaze drops to the phone, then sharpens again as he meet’s Dean’s gaze, and silently, still processing this with eyes like saucers, Sam just nods.
“Obviously another role model of yours,” Cas says, leaning against the headboard with his arms folded.
At some point, Sam must have wandered over to them, because here he is, not even pretending he isn’t listening. At this natural pause in the exchange, Sam takes the opportunity to have a seat at the cheap white table, plunking down right into the chair Dean had been leaning on. Retracting his hand as Sam’s back collides with his knuckles, Dean shoots a glower down at Sam, who ignores him.
As Dean walks—or runs, since distance and time have no substance and do not exist—Dean’s mind slowly works its way backwards, like piecing together a puzzle in reverse, or maybe systematically taking one apart—
Dean wipes his hand on the front of his shirt absently, the tip of his finger still feeling grimy from the overused
This is the most unfunny exchange in the world, discussing how Sam killed a djinn that nearly killed Dean. Yet Dean just keeps chuckling, sparking with so much excitable energy that Sam gives into the urge and joins him. Like they’re the two teenagers they once were yet simultaneously never got to be, laughing across the kitchen table at a stupid joke.
There comes to Dean a certain understanding that the Empty does indeed have a consciousness—it’s all around him, in the nothingness that he sees and feels and breathes—and it is actively trying to throw him out, or throw him at least severely off-balance. He’s a human in the Empty. A stranger in a strange land.
Funny how Cas manages to look at Dean like he’s the most exasperating thing he’s ever seen, yet simultaneously the most precious thing in the world to him. Dean sees that look on Cas’ face, and it gives him honest-to-god fucking
Dean squints against the red glare of another set of tail lights, the glow so vivid and real in the dark. What’s also worrying is the conversation he didn’t mean to start and didn’t get to finish. And if he wasn’t already fucking it up enough, they’d had to, unbelievably, hit pause on it again.
“That wasn’t even a yes or no question, buddy,” Dean says, lip caught between his teeth to keep from laughing, but still grinning in spite of that, irrepressible.
“My other girls headed out, but they’ll all be back later tonight,” Jody’s telling Sam and Cas. “I say we go knock this hunt out after dinner and get it over and done with before they even get home. What do you think, boys?”
Cas’ face softens so much that Dean actually starts to feel flustered, his face heating with a flush that spreads over his freckles.
Later that night, padding down another quiet hallway, Sam wonders how long this has been going on. If it’s been long enough that he should feel even dumber than he already does. It’s certainly been long enough for Dean to get comfortable with the idea of taking a picture….
“Go back to sleep,” Dean tells him, not unkindly. Sam’s head lolls against the passenger side window.
Sam is sitting cross-legged on the left-hand bed, laptop open on the blanket in front of him. “So I was thinking tomorrow we go into town and interview the boyfriend.”
“Hello?” Dean breathes, voice hushed, staring blindly at the ground. When he speaks again, it feels like a risk. “…Cas?”
“Yeah,” Dean breathes, meaning it. “Yeah.” His hand grabs another fistful of Cas’ shirt—which honestly has always been kind of ill-fitting, fabric bunching up between Dean’s fingers—and gets it halfway untucked. Slipping his fingers beneath the hem and skimming against the newly exposed skin of Cas’ hip, his lower stomach, the fine line of hair there. The touch shoots through Dean like lightning.
The dangerously big emotion in his chest, below his breastbone, behind his ribs, has a name, and it’s like he’s always known what that is, but is also finding it out right now for the very first time. He feels
Dean tips his head up and unhurriedly just nudges Cas’ face, nosing against his jaw until they’re kissing.
The force of it knocks Dean’s gun from his hand right as he’s firing. The shot goes somewhere towards the ceiling and the gun skitters across the floor. Dean automatically grabs for his standard gun, still in its holster—but it isn’t the one with the silver bullets. That one is currently on the floor, on the other side of the room by the front door.
Even after he’s finished up in the guest bathroom, Dean checks his watch and sees he has some time to kill. He roams around the house a bit to see what his mom has done with the place since moving in.
Drawing a careful breath, closing his eyes, Dean sets the bottle back down. It wobbles precariously at the edge of his nightstand.
I really appreciate everyone who stuck with it until the end. This is one of those stories that really just wrote itself, so thanks for coming along for the ride!
, he hums. “Come on, Jagger,” Dean mutters, and he starts walking. Running. With nothing but the wisdom of the Stones for company.
“Uh, he’s kind of dead, Dean.” Sam looks surprised, then like he’s suppressing a laugh. “I checked. A
“What are you doing?” Sam gets closer, squinting over Dean’s shoulder at the screen and double-taking at what he sees.
reference right now, but at least it made his point. “Yeah. I mean,” his smile growing a little more confident and unselfconsciously crooked, “since when has anyone in this family ever followed the rules of the universe?”
Dean is not in the mood for this. It’s the first time he hasn’t actively wanted to go on a hunt since—hell, it almost feels like it
himself for this later, for wasting their time and energy, for stretching Sam’s support too thin. Telling himself he isn’t worth Sam’s time and energy, not like this. He’s supposed to
That open look Dean had seen on Cas’ face, that naked vulnerability and emotion as they both knelt on the barn floor, seems to have gone into hiding.
now, as he comes to the inevitable conclusion that he is so inordinately fucked up, so much more than he ever realized, that he doesn’t even know where to begin putting himself back together.
Dean doesn’t remember what came before this, but he knows his purpose as sure as he knows anything, as sure as he knows how to shoot a gun.
There it is. That’s the one Dean remembered. It’s pretty famous. He’s pretty sure kids on the internet have co-opted it in recent years, so he can’t give himself any points for recognizing it.
“After this,” Dean jerks his head at the laptop, where the movie is on pause and waiting for them, “we’ll talk, okay?” He looks Cas in the eye, a moment of seriousness.
Dean hears a rustle behind him, glances over his shoulder. A smile unfurls slowly on his face, spreading out like the pat of butter he just dropped into the skillet. “Hey stranger.”
Dean pinches the bridge of his nose. “You gotta know, okay, when I said I was angry, it wasn’t—” He fumbles for words again, then hears Sam snoring over the sound of his own whispers, and this is fucking absurd.
There are still empty brown bottles littered across the top of his dresser. Dean notices that, now, when he goes back to his room that night. They’re from before the hunt, before he and Sam pored over those missing persons reports and took off after the djinn.
,” Dean scolds the Empty, panting. “What you completely fail to understand, sweetheart, is that I was always headed for this. From the day I was
” Dean pushes both hands back into his hair, like he’s at the end of his rope. Takes a step away from Sam, swivels to stare off into the trees they’d been lost in just moments ago. Of course Sam doesn’t understand, because Dean won’t
“It was a birthday present,” Claire adds, smiling sweetly like the menace that she is and throwing Dean under the bus a second time.
The only signs that this room has been lived in are the books on the desk and nightstand, and some weird clothes in the closet that Dean can’t immediately identify but resemble things Cas wore when he was human: a single hoodie, a button-down shirt— And Dean hurriedly slams the door on that memory, and the closet itself, before too many thoughts can take wing.
Dean’s eyes widen as he takes in Sam, doubled over in the middle of the big fucking mess of tarnished goblets and old bones littering the hallway. Gun still aimed straight at Sam’s head, because the dawning horror in Dean’s eyes means that he’s forgotten all about the gun already.
Dean throws himself flat onto whatever passes for the ground here, stretches out a hand desperately. “Come on! Don’t you
“And the FBI really took an interest in that?” asks the city deputy. As if Sam and Dean haven’t heard that one about a bazillion times, complete with the levitating eyebrows and skeptical nose wrinkle.
Cas is waiting in the passenger seat, car running, radio on. Listening to that same radio station, Dean notes, as he opens the driver’s-side door and music spills out. The song sounds vaguely familiar….
It’s not a bad guess on Dean’s part, Sam hasn’t been above doing something like this in the past as an excuse to broach some sensitive subjects himself, but in this case it’s totally wrong. “No,” Sam sighs. Defeated.
When Dean crosses over to the kitchenette side of the room and reaches for the handle on the freezer door, Sam’s expression clears a little, because he’s at least sussed out why Dean took just one shoe off. Dean chucks his boot into the freezer and shuts the door, because he learned as a kid, and subsequently taught Sam, that the simplest way to remove gum from a shoe is to freeze it first.
They haven’t even gotten close to addressing this big, unfinished thing hanging over them. That confession, that speech before Cas was taken away.
Hand still fisted in Cas’ t-shirt, Dean surprises himself by blurting out, “Do you wanna go somewhere?”
Sure, he’s seen more of the continental U.S. than a lot of people see in their lifetimes, and he doesn’t take that for granted. Everything he’s seen through Baby’s windows is a gift, even on the days when he feels a little jaded from the constant road trips and hunts.
Cas stares back, expressionless until he lifts an eyebrow, speaking like it’s painfully obvious. “Dean. You’ve said that before.”
He just finds these highways aggravating. Everyone else around him usually drives like idiots. It’s another road lesson for Cas: drive defensively. (Spoiler alert: Dean doesn’t.)
, ultimately just as bad as standing at a crossroads and signing over your soul, a contract that can only end bloody?
Cas is like the light through a suncatcher hanging from a porch in high summer, refracting into rainbows. Dean is like the dried blood on the edge of a knife.
All at once, Dean sees Cas’ hand making a beeline for his bleeding face, fingers spread wide. Dean ducks away, alarmed. “Wait, no, don’t waste your juice on that.” Cas’ grace must be lower than the angel ever realized, based on that earlier smiting fail.
He used to feel guilty having shows like this on the TV back when it was him and Sam in motels, and they were still young and fresh-faced. Shows about kids and schools and lockers were just another reminder of the normal, well-adjusted life that Sam was supposed to have but didn’t. So Dean had never watched this show back in the day.
And through it all, Sam is just there, being Sam, unaware of what transpired, valiantly doing research and typing on his laptop and Dean is about to lose his
“I never meant it did, but oh my god.” Dean collapses back, cracking up, laughing at how affronted Cas seems, hands clutching his stomach at the hilarity of it all. Dean doesn’t know if it’s even that funny or if he’s just relieved that they’ve so thoroughly broken the tension. He sits back up to catch his breath, brushing a tear from the corner of his eye.
It’s just the two of them in the car now. This is one of those weekends when Jack gets to go stay at Sam and Eileen’s. Dean hopes, for their sake, that they’ve already taken some time to celebrate their engagement. He snorts at the thought of them trying to do that with a kid in the house.
“That was a dramatic reading from your ‘Uplifting Thought of the Day’ calendar. I saw it on the page last Thursday.” He chuckles to himself—ah, humor, nature’s perfect defense mechanism.
When Dean emerges from the motel bathroom, the blast from the rattling AC unit sends a thin wave of goosebumps over his still-damp skin and the fine hairs of his forearms.
Dean twists the other way a bit, casts a glance over at his untouched phone on his nightstand. “So...that happened,” he murmurs, turning back onto his side to face Cas.
The angel seems to have some kind of synesthesia going on when it comes to music. (Which, yes, Dean has heard of, he knows big words too, thanks.) Dean is shocked to realize that it makes perfect sense to him. When Cas makes offhand remarks like that, they feel right. Dean agrees—this song
A rush of hot panic sweeps through Dean, and his hands drop to his sides, his heart instantly hammering painfully fast, going from zero to sixty with no preamble. He leans closer to Cas, urgent, and when he finally finds his voice, it’s still little more than a whisper.
. Sam turns back to his brother, eyes shining, placing a hand on his shoulder. “I’m really happy for you, man,” he says, with feeling.
Dean can hear the sound of them both breathing, ragged, over the distant whir of the ceiling fan and his own pulse in his ears.
Dean considers the song some more as they glide through the tunnel, finally shooting out the other side into the sun, the water running alongside them again, a few boats dotting the bay. And Sam might laugh at him for what he says next, but Sam’s not here.
“Dean! Sorry, I was just coming back to collect the Men of Letters artifacts, but I guess I—dropped them.” He looks down at the mess as he awkwardly states the obvious. “But it’s fine, it’s probably all junk anyway,” he adds, going for casual for the fiftieth time today—but this time, he actually seems to succeed.
Dean glares over his shoulder again at Sam. “That one’s yours,” he says icily, pointing at the bacon on the floor, as punishment for Sam disturbing him while he’s cooking.
It almost sounds like Dean could be talking about one of the many times Cas left the bunker to attend to Heaven bullshit instead of staying, but that’s only a fraction of the problem here.
Yeah, okay. Dean sighs his acquiescence; the woman named Sarah Shull is still missing, and there’s a chance the wendigo—if it is a wendigo—is storing her for food somewhere and keeping her alive.
All that work. All that fucking work he had done over the past few weeks, trying to numb himself and act like he’d forgotten about it. And now it feels like Cas died all of five minutes ago, all over again.
“You know,” Dean mumbles, before looking back up, “I’m not so sure about this whole God Prime Directive thing.”
“Nothing, Sam.” A small frown knits Dean’s brow and it, too, is genuine. He has no idea what Sam is trying to do here. “What are you talkin’ about? Do you have something you wanna tell
Dean sings along to a couple of lines under his breath. He finds himself singing a lot these days. It’s kinda weird. Before, Dean always had to be driving to feel buoyant enough to attempt that. Now, it happens everywhere. But he thinks he kinda likes it. And Cas
That’s who Cas is. This is the same thing all over again, even if it isn’t an actual speech or confession. It’s still three stubborn words. It’s Cas taking Dean as he is, not ignoring or denying all the bad but steadfastly believing that it doesn’t outweigh the good. A devout, unshakable belief in the good. That the good means everything. That it’s something remarkable, beautiful, more than the ugliness and failure and red-hot anger, burning like a brand, that Dean sees every time he looks in the mirror. Cas doesn’t care that Dean’s broken. But that’s because Cas just—accepts him.
He slumps against the tree behind him, watching the couple embracing and crying and just generally being really annoying and young.
Oh, the case. The reason they’re here. Of course Sam is back on that. They’d done a cursory investigation when they’d arrived in town that afternoon, and all signs seemed to point to wendigo.
“Hmm.” Cas just hums a small noise. “I apologize that my repeated attempts at communication knocked you unconscious,” he adds after a moment, but Dean can hear the wry edge to it.
,” he amends, “and I’ll sit this one out. I really didn’t sleep too well, so I’m thinking of turning in early tonight.”
After driving through the mountains for a couple of hours with very poor visibility, Dean’s feeling pretty beat, so he treats himself to reruns of
Demons. Too many of them. Dean weaves expertly through them as they keep pouring out of the old sawmill building, through a chain link fence and up to the knoll where the Impala is parked by the woods. Constantly fighting and stabbing, no time for reciting exorcisms. Good thing Sam’s not here to bitch about that part. Too bad he’s not here to chant Latin for them.
—” against Dean’s neck as their hips press together more tightly. The sharp lines of Cas’ hipbones digging into Dean’s, the sturdiness of his thigh wedged between both of Dean’s.
The song crashes on, that relentless beat slapping Dean upside the head and somehow reminiscent of bumper to bumper traffic, grey fumes, and stoplights flashing like the lights in a disco.
Oh, yeah, that’s right. The blanks are swiftly filled in as tidily and seamlessly as if he’s dreaming—and, perhaps he is.
“Eavesdropping ain’t polite, you know,” Dean snaps unthinkingly, lowering his hands, as if something had deliberately interrupted him when he tried to speak earlier—
Sam’s eyes drop down to the jumbo-sized bag of pork rinds in Dean’s hand. Noticing this, Dean shoves it a little too violently back onto the rack, and it makes an annoying crumpling sound that goes on for about ten seconds after Dean has already retracted his hand.
“I’ve been reading a lot in the lore about the djinns’ telepathy....” Sam babbles about this for a while in his pretentious scholarly terms, and Dean’s losing interest until he hears Sam tell Cas, “—and I’m pretty sure like, a
“Forget the movie,” Dean says. It was just another stupid reference to hide behind. It’s messy and it’s human and it’s such a
“Is inadvertently forging a mental connection across planes of existence not exciting enough to you?” Cas’ delivery is deadpan, but Dean sees that one raised brow, a giveaway that Cas is deliberately provoking him.
For a moment, Dean goes quiet. When he does speak, his voice is strangely hushed, much more than before. “You mean like...a radio?”
He gets to his feet, mind growing sharper the more he unfolds from his sprawled-out position on the not-floor. And the sharper his mind gets, the more claustrophobic Dean feels as his awareness of danger grows, like he’s trapped in a tight space, or underwater. Or maybe both simultaneously, exactly the way he once imagined the Ma’lak box would feel if they couldn’t find a way to kick Michael to the curb—
” It just comes out, and he doesn’t even realize what a loaded—definitely no pun intended—remark that was until he sees Sam’s face.
“No, Dean. You were the compass. You started it. I just made sure you could…finish it?” Jack sounds confused, in a kind of adorable way, like a kid who doesn’t have the vocabulary to describe the amazing things he knows to be true.
Instantly Dean is shooting Sam the most utterly offended look he can muster, bristling like a wet cat. “What?” he snaps. “I—I never said that.”
—it was raining. Which it had been. Rainy and foggy, driving through white walls with just the road visible in between.
Even though they’re all still talking and no one’s really looking at Dean, he’s still in full view of
that. He gestures uncomprehendingly around at the walls, as if the messy sigils still surround them rather than bulbous teal flowers.
, just what Dean’s imaginary version of Cas had said in Dean’s dream. Except this time is different. The meaning is different. It’s
Dean’s mind sing-songs at him, and he hums along to the line in spite of himself in a half-delirious rush.
Dean’s answer, immediate, without looking up: “No.” He shoves another bite of microwaved pizza bagel in his mouth. It crunches loudly between his teeth; Dean always leaves them in the microwave too long.
“I know, I know.” Dean groans, hiding his face even more in Cas’ warmth, remembering that part of it now, too, when he’d said that out loud in the Empty. “Enough, Cas.”
When Dean glances around this time, Sam just looks lost. Jody seems to be thoroughly enjoying this circus, relieved that for once she doesn’t have to be a part of it. Cas looks like he’s trying to figure out if people are actually supposed to raise their hands now.
“It’s alright, Dean. I know you’re not ready.” Cas sounds so nauseatingly understanding and gentle that Sam is
It’s in the way Sam had looked so stunned, paling at Dean’s reaction to being saved and going almost more pale than Dean himself. No sarcastic comments from Dean, no muttered complaints about his own condition or insults directed at Sam to lighten the mood. The way Dean was just suddenly
Sam and Dean just being bros got one more moment in the spotlight here since, as you might have guessed, the focus is going to shift away from that.
“And I guess you told him that we were gonna save him, because I said so every damn day until you were sick of it ’cause you were worried it wasn’t true. You asked him to make the right choice when the time came. To choose to be saved. Because I told you I was so goddamn sure he would, and you weren’t sure at all. And you asked him to do that for me.”
Miles later, Dean tries looking at a map, at GPS, but they make his head spin. They don’t help. It must be what it’s like to put on a pair of glasses when you’re already wearing contacts. He keeps following his instinct, knowing how he’s going to
The lone surviving wolf is greatly outnumbered. They would have been evenly matched to begin with if the wolves hadn’t gotten the drop on them.
Eyes almost squeezed shut, the floor a dark blur in front of him, he’s distantly aware of the wetness on his face, in his eyes, as tears slowly ooze out, feeling more like blood as they leak thickly onto his cheeks.
The blueberry syrup at IHOP has turned out to be a grave mistake, and Dean is seriously considering looking for a bottle of Tums as they walk across the parking lot and through the glass doors. It’s one of those hybrid gas station/convenience store/fast food joint/truck stop complexes, an entire side of the parking lot reserved for truckers.
Shutting the door in the boat picture’s face, Dean walks outside and goes around back to get a drink from the vending machine. It’s out of Coke. He punches the button for orange soda. It tastes the same as the acid in the back of Dean’s throat.
Dean’s first mistake had probably been breaking out the good scotch—that could have been his only mistake, and it would have been more than enough.
Eventually, Sam does wake up in the middle of Dean making a very dangerous and very illegal U-turn in the middle of a highway with a concrete median.
“You will,” Cas assures him. “I’m confident that you will. And even if you don’t, I could tell you about it.”
“For a long time, I didn’t know what to do with that. I just couldn’t reconcile it, you know? Nothing was real, free will was a cosmic joke. And I guess I asked you what was real, once. And you
As they slide back into the car, shutting their respective doors almost simultaneously, they start going over the details of their new case. Or, Dean does, because he hadn’t totally been listening in the IHOP.
His mind feels fuzzy. In the moment before he opened his eyes, Dean saw sparks behind his eyelids, crackling electricity falling like rain. He was
. But then Sam ultimately succumbs to the pull of sleep, dozing off with snores like a foghorn, and the room grows more peaceful.
in his mouth, and the fact that he is currently in a parking lot under a buzzing neon motel marquee, with cars backfiring on the highway and chlorinated water lapping against the sides of a concrete pool—the incongruity of it all smacks him upside the head.
They stagger out into the last embers of the dying sunset, the sky dark save for one strip along the horizon. Sam leads the way; Dean sticks closer and closer to Cas until they’re just literally holding each other up, even though Dean’s not sure either of them physically needs the extra help.
“Cas knows I don’t mean it.” A weak argument, waving at Sam impatiently and way too emphatically. “Listen—” Dean drops his hands to his sides, realizing he just looks like someone with a bee in their face. “You don’t think we should, I don’t know, go home?”
But Sam can’t resist taking one last glance back at his brother, asking casually, “So, you gonna do any more laundry today?”
In the passenger seat, Sam is now Googling local news near the pie place using the city name Dean rattled off to him.
. He leans down to carelessly shove the pile of trinkets into the moldy open box, powder staining his fingertips, stacking everything back up in record time before hoisting it into his arms.
“We didn’t,” he replies gruffly, turning back to the shelf and pretending to scan the snacks as if his freaky zoned-out moment never happened. “Trust me, I—”
“Everything is set up for you in the kitchen,” Mary tells him as she walks with him and Cas. “I just need to take the trash out.”
yet Dean can barely dredge up any recollection of the things Cas had chosen to share. It somehow leaves him feeling like he’s lost something huge all over again.
“I didn’t? You didn’t?” Dean questions, and Sam shakes his head again each time. “You’re telling me I just passed the fuck out?” Dean remembers rounding the corner of the building, looking down at his hands…. And then the phone rang, the phone
But then, Dean should probably be glad if he’s like Dad, he thinks to himself a little hysterically. Hell, he’s only spent his entire life trying to please the guy.
“It’s about intent.” Cas nods again, slowly, piecing this together. “Even though I heard no words at the time, I assumed it was a prayer. Obviously, I was wrong. What I felt, more than heard, was a very focused…strength of emotion. Angels do have the ability to sense longing,” Cas adds to Sam, in a matter-of-fact way like he’s explaining the weather, or how bottle caps are made, and not something that makes Dean’s eyes go wide and his face instantly heat up, and Dean has a sudden, violent wish to go curl up under a rock somewhere and hide for about fifty years.
“Christ, I don’t know.” Dean stills, pressing his palm over his mouth and staring at the wall beside his bed, the other hand tensely at his hip.
Sam gets back to the bunker after hanging out with Eileen—going on their dinner dates or movie nights or reenacting the entirety of blockbuster rom-coms, whatever it is they do—and thank god Eileen heads home after saying goodbye to Sam at the door rather than coming in. Thank god she didn’t have to see Dean like this.
Sam’s look says everything he’s not saying out loud—the same look he gave Dean when he saved him, when Dean first opened his eyes and felt his wrists getting cut free. Sam’s look means that Dean
Cas shrinks back, eyeing Dean cautiously, almost skittish—aware of the seismic shift in this conversation. Like he’s dodging a physical blow. “Dean…you don’t have to. You never had to.” Like he’s trying to spare Dean having to break his heart. Because that’s the response Cas expects.
At some point, Dean’s probably going to admit to reading Cas’ books during that bleak time when Cas was gone. He’s not sure why, it’ll be really friggin’ embarrassing, but it’s just something Dean has a strange compulsion to do. He wants to hear Cas talk to him about them, the way Cas had tried to do before, once. He wants to listen.
It’s dark and gone midnight, but Dean can still tell that the motel has a shabby paint job, that the parking lot next to them is covered in the rainbow sheen of oil puddles. There are vending machines, and a few letters of the neon vacancy sign flicker on and off like there’s a ghost haunting it, except there’s no ghost here. Just the two of them. The pool is a flat rectangle behind the bulk of the building, luminescent in the dark, a day-glo shade of aqua.
The coins drop, he hits the sticky square button, and there’s a long pause before a complicated series of clanking noises begins to sound from within the ancient machine. Hands on his hips, he stretches his back a bit and looks around as the machine rumbles like an oncoming train.
“Don’t,” Dean warns, deadly serious. Enough for Sam to stop pushing, hopefully. It almost seems like Dean’s shaking, minutely, but Sam probably can’t tell from all the way over there.
“Cheez-Its,” Dean declares, brandishing another bag. “Remember that time you pulled the bag open so hard they all popped out?”
And still, Sam is patient. “Put on some music,” Sam suggests, subdued and composed, kindly ignoring Dean’s statement.
“Cas,” Sam gasps out in lieu of a greeting, elated as he goes to them, the gasp reminding Dean once again that, yes, his brother is also here. “Oh my god. You both okay? I think something knocked me out,” Sam adds, wincing and rubbing his head, running a hand through his shaggy hair, which also appears to have hay in it.
scene for himself, too, by associating it with this; he’ll have to think of another euphemism to use, a code word in his head for the thing he has to pretend not to know about Dean and his “best buddy.”
Dean knew it was inevitable. He glances at Cas, who looks predictably mournful but accepting at the same time. It’s fucking hard to look at. Jack meant so much to Cas. To both of them. He was their kid, for fuck’s sake. They should all still be living here, together, under one roof, with Dean cooking them fucking
But how? This doesn’t feel like a dream— The nausea presses up, harder, insistent against his throat. That other kind of djinn, maybe, that feeds off your nightmares and fears? But had he even been fighting a djinn before coming here—
,’ and now— Something else inside him, more deeply-seated, snaps. “Are you kidding me? You really thought this was never gonna come up?”
then quashes that memory. “—Or follow my voice, or gimme your 10-20, or—I don’t know how it works in here, man—give me a sign that you’re listening. So, I’m here. Mic check. Breaker, breaker. Copy that.” He’s self-consciously babbling, and it wouldn’t be the first time, using all the two-way radio lingo he knows.
,” says the intercom, talking right over him. This steady litany carries on and continues to interrupt their soul-searching conversation at several critical points.
There’s been an unexplained death and a suspicious disappearance in another part of the state. A real estate salesman was found dead, and a young woman named Sarah Shull is missing. The small town probably only qualifies as the “general vicinity” to anyone who lives there and has to deal with two-hour drives just to get to the nearest Target, but the case definitely sounds like their kind of thing—a wendigo, Sam guesses—for reasons Sam explains and Dean does not pay attention to.
The build, and then that sublime kick in the teeth, the electric guitars kicking in as Robert Plant wails. Yet the acoustic guitar still rattles on, steadfast.
— Naturally, Cas gets it instantly. For all their miscommunications, their ships-passing-in-the-night moments, always just missing one another—this time, Cas knows exactly what Dean is referring to.
a door to hide behind now; his words don’t make any sense, not without some quote or dumb reference to hide behind. Such a Dean Winchester thing to do. It’s a messy conversation in a dirty parking lot, and if that doesn’t sum Dean up, he doesn’t know what would.
Actually, this isn’t so different from song lyrics, really. It has a nice sound as it rolls off the tongue, and it means something.
“Get over here, you weirdo.” Dean reaches out now, tugs on the hem of Cas’ borrowed shirt and kisses him. Cas seems almost suspiciously more awake when Dean does that, kissing back immediately. Dean draws it out, dragging his lips over Cas’ scruffy cheek before pulling away.
. He’s in a white room. His mom is there. He’s in a grey kitchen. Sam is there. He’s in a void of absolute black—
The sound of a shot cracks through the air, and the wolf suddenly goes down. It falls at Dean’s feet to reveal Cas kneeling on the other side of the room with Dean’s silver bullet gun in his hand. The wolf must’ve tossed Cas right over to where the gun was.
Night has fallen by the time they head home—it takes Mary at least an hour to open all her presents, but it’s time well spent—and they roll along to the steady purr of the Impala, Cas riding shotgun. Dean has begun to think of that as Cas’ permanent spot, rather than Sam’s, whenever Sam’s not here.
“Maybe.” Dean’s reply is deliberately short again, curt. He raises an eyebrow. “So what? You want me to send the djinn a damn fruit basket?”
Dean waves it off casually as he roams around the space, like his death doesn’t matter so much anymore. And maybe, just maybe, it doesn’t. It was a long time ago. The end of an era, the beginning of another one. “That’s not why we’re here.” Dean cocks his head, rethinking that. “Well, indirectly, it kinda is.”
Carefully, Sam’s crossed the room and stopped beside him. “Dean…. You’ve gone through a lot lately.”
He realizes that Cas is staring him with an expression like he’s looking right into Dean. Right into the soul that he once claimed and pulled from Hell and left his angelic fingerprints all over.
“What happened back there?” Sam’s still so worried. “It was almost like that djinn was stronger than a normal one, or something. I couldn’t wake you up.” He sounds a little haunted as he recounts this. “Even when you started coming around it took another, like, five minutes to get you out of it. You were—” he hesitates, but ultimately decides to continue. “You were calling for Cas.”
“I also know you haven’t wanted to talk about it.” Clearly referring to losing Cas, but still hesitant; the topic has been taboo for so long. “But we can? If you think it’ll help, we can. I mean, I’d like to. Cas meant a lot to me too.”
It’s Cas and Jack. Everybody hugs again, of course, Dean included, even though he’s seen them both even more recently than he last saw Sam.
They check into their grimy motel at dusk, a building just a matter of blocks away from a beach, and Cas has the radio on in the room. He’s gotten so fucking addicted to these ’80s stations as they drive from case to case, Dean notes, and now he’s searching the dial for another one.
“Wanna see who can hold out the longest? Better flip over to pay-per-view because tonight’s the prizefight: a malevolent entity older than the goddamn universe, versus just a man and his will to survive—
And Dean realizes, as they trudge out into the dark and the trees, that he doesn’t actually know if it
Next to Sam, Eileen laughs brightly, signing something a little too quickly for Dean to catch—he’s learning, but it’s a process. He can just about manage when she deliberately slows it down for him. He’s working on it.
“It’s past the old pharmacy. They used to sell Beanie Babies there,” the kid supplies, like this tidbit is even of the barest fucking use to them. “I used to go down that way all the time.”
“I will if you will,” Dean finds himself saying, warmth blooming under his ribs, with half a chuckle. “Deal?”
” His voice sounds breathless to his own ears, parched, like he’s been wandering the desert for forty years. “You’re—”
Sam gapes at him. “Uh...wow, okay. Dean, are you saying that we’re just driving around in random directions because—you have a
He wants to put everything he feels into this kiss, to let Cas understand in ways words can’t. But as they break for air, Dean knows he’ll do it that way, too, because he
“Buh...” Sam tries to remember how conscious people form words, his voice thick with sleep. “Who were you talking to?”
Back on the road, the piedmont turns into mountain, and the highway leads them up and up. The road twists like a corkscrew, and jagged outcroppings on either side mark the places where, long ago, someone blasted through solid rock just to build this highway. The temperature drops, and Dean begins to regret making this drive at night, with nothing in sight but rock, guardrails, and clouds of snowflakes whipping against the windshield. He’s driven through much worse; maybe he’s just getting too old for this.
Dean pushes a flare gun into Todd’s hands and gives him the abridged version of how to kill a wendigo.
As Dean’s wrapping up, nearly ready to serve the food (and Cas is in there again, but Dean can’t risk any distractions now, not when his perfectly timed series of side dishes are all about to finish, so Dean reluctantly keeps his hands to himself), the radio starts to go out again. When he reaches up to jimmy the antenna around, he flinches sharply, suddenly clutching that hand with the opposite one.
“I don’t—” Dean falters. “I can’t remember. Not all of it.” The two of them lie there, still wrapped around each other. “Maybe a little bit of it.”
There’s a brief silence as Jack looks up at the ceiling and ponders this. “Technically, I’ll be older tomorrow than I am now.”
Cas looks at Baby like an old friend, gently tracing his hand over the edge of the hood when they walk up to her.
“Right. Didn’t mean to doubt the powers of your lead foot,” Sam nods, rolling his eyes. “Hey, which agent am I supposed to be this time? Bowie or Ronson?”
Sam stares, brow furrowed, cogs of his mind working, clearly trying hard to figure out what Dean is on about, or maybe why Dean is suddenly talking in the halting way William Shatner delivers dialogue.
“Well, I sure as hell hope you can hear me, because it would really help me out if you could show yourself—” Again, Dean thinks of words he used when facing Lucifer,
Dean swallows hard, and doesn’t look at John. “So, are we done with the Electric Kool-Aid now?” he asks, too forcefully.
Maybe it’s just because his older brother still looks kind of like he expects Sam to wheel around and stab him or something, and it’s easy to seem all casual and calm compared to
Sitting on the edge of his bed, reality still feels a little fuzzy around the edges. He himself feels blurred at the edges. That son of a bitch really did a number on him, Dean thinks: he feels sleep-drunk and exhausted all at once. Standing up too fast makes him dizzy, despite Sam’s ministrations. Dean sits with his elbows on his knees, face in his hands.
“So it really was basically Dean,” Sam marvels, turning his head so suddenly that Dean jerks away when Sam looks at him, nearly losing his own balance and tipping backwards. “This is crazy. I mean, your mind may not have been strong enough at the time to wake you up,
Not like before, when his family had all gathered around him and gently implored him to stay with their warm entreaties and smiles, Mom and Sam and Jess and the girl he’d never even met, a circle of what could and should never be, beseeching him to accept what the djinn had to offer. No, Dream Cas had used just one word: “
Claire looks back and forth between the three of them, clearly unimpressed by this non-explanation, but Dean isn’t going to say one more word about it.
After briefing Dean on tomorrow’s plan of action, Sam turns in, flicking off his bedside light before lying down and pulling the coverlet over himself in one smooth stroke.
Even if he still struggles to believe that his own worth is not measured by the amount of blood on his hands, Dean doesn’t even know who he’d
The wolf goes for Dean again, and he feels his shoulders hit the wall as he jumps out of the way. Literally back to the wall now.
Dean snickers at the sight, giving one of those unselfconscious, toothy grins that Cas has told him he likes so much. “Just trust me, it’s a good thing.”
And they’re already going about it all wrong. Cas tries to sit at Dean’s desk, for some reason, and Dean sighs “No,” and “Come here,” patting the bed. Cas comes over, only to perch on the edge of the bed, not really anywhere near the space Dean had been patting.
“I’m saving the best for last, though. Because I gotta talk to you for real. And that can wait until you’re outta here. I got a job to do first.
Obviously, Cas already knows the rule about the driver picking the music. But Dean hadn’t put any on at all, which the hunter now recognizes as a mistake, so he doesn’t stop Cas’ hand from turning the dial.
,” Cas repeats. Vehement and upset in a way he hasn’t been since getting yanked from the Empty. “This,” gesturing at their surroundings, or maybe themselves, “is
“So this is it. Hi. I’m here. I don’t know if you’ve already noticed that, but I’ve been making a fuck ton of noise, so maybe you have.”
“Woah, kid, look,” Dean tries. “Simmer down. Why don’t you chill by the cars here, and we’ll call you if we need you.” Heh, like hell they will. Kid’s a goddamn liability.
and then you’re just gone and I have to live with that—and you have the last word and I have to live with that—and you think—”
“Well, I accepted it, because I couldn’t really imagine finding any other home.” He shrugs. Sam probably already knows what he’s gonna say. “Not so sure about that now,” Dean says shortly, taking another swig to avoid looking at Sam.
“So, I’ve been wondering something,” Sam pipes up, like the drop in radio volume was his cue to start pontificating again and change the subject back to Pontiac, Illinois. “What I still don’t get is how Dean knew to drive there.”
Not that Dean is, in actuality, clamming up right now. He’s acting as though he has absolutely zero to hide. For an instant it almost makes Sam question this whole thing: Was he wrong?
Because Sam never saw him slumped over on the dungeon floor in the bunker, never knew how Dean had just fucking lost it for hours with his face buried in his hands with a feeling like his still-beating heart had been ripped out of his chest.
A shower might also help the fact that he feels queasy, and he doesn’t know why. That, and the humidity, is making a fine sheen of sweat break out on his brow, his scalp prickling. Dean sets the can of Coke down on the concrete ledge that borders the walkway running in front of the row of doors.
Sam is tracing his finger through the broken weeds and suggesting which direction their search should take when Dean hears his phone ring.
Like an icepick chipping away at the only part of his brain that still functions, Dean can’t stop thinking about the way the dream had just filled in all the blanks, created false memories—made him think he was
Dean splutters for a second, his heart still pounding from the kisses, before he sees that Cas is faintly smirking.
There’s a song stuck in Dean’s head as he whirls around and slashes, and it’s goddamn Duran Duran. “Hungry Like the Wolf.” He’s suddenly glad they’re not fighting werewolves. The poetic justice would have been too embarrassing for him to bear, would’ve felt like the whole
in front of him, and then there’s nothing. There’s nothing. There’s nothing he can do but start yelling, shouting into the void, as it were.
“I just mean…what’s up?” Trying to sound light and conversational now. It’s bad, and it’s phony, and Sam would physically cringe at himself if that wouldn’t make this seem even more suspicious.
Dean sighs, like even he is sick of his own bullshit, but he can’t do anything about it. “It’s not. Go ahead, test me, do your anti-hex spells and other witch shit on me, anything. Because it ain’t that.”
The room has two double beds and a pull-out couch, an embarrassment of riches by their standards. While Cas picks through Dean’s cold French fries, Dean loses to Sam at rock-paper-scissors, as always—“Why do I even keep playing this fucking game with you?”—then surprises them all by just giving the other bed to Cas. Insisting on it, in fact.
Even as Sam’s hands come up, trying to support him as they move into his field of vision, Dean crumples to his knees. Head leaning forward, gaze on the hard concrete floor beneath him. He feels like he can’t even breathe, and his jaw is clenched so tightly that it aches. A growl slips from between his teeth.
He’s pretty sure that’s how he woke up. That extra kick from his mind, along with the antidote from Sam. Maybe he’d been wrong to think he wouldn’t have been strong enough to wake up on his own.
Cas doesn’t attempt to move, only leans his hands back against the counter behind him. “Dinner isn’t going to make itself,” Cas murmurs, eyes sparkling in a strangely mischievous sort of way that Dean rarely sees—yet knows he sees all the time.
He doesn’t know whose shoulder slumped against the other’s first, but at some point Dean is vaguely aware of slipping further down the wall onto the pillows, his head heavy and filled with perfect, normal human sleep, the kind he’s only managed to get the last few days simply because of Cas’ proximity. And with Cas’ batteries as low as they are, Dean’s not surprised to get a glimpse of Cas drifting off beside him too, until Dean’s asleep with his cheek completely pressed up against some part of Cas’ white dress shirt.
“Good point,” Sam concedes. “Werewolves aren’t exactly known for their spellwork, but if it’s a possibility, I think we should—”
Sam hastily grabbed the phone up again from where it had clunked down onto the table, enough presence of mind to realize he had to get that photo off the screen or his brother would know someone
Dean shifts uneasily in his chair. “Not much to tell. Sam’s explained it better than I could.” But he shoots Sam a glare warning him to under no circumstances explain it.
Jack catches Dean’s attention by persistently staring at him, blankly, innocently. “I don’t get it.”
and Claire is the only one who still looks confused. Dean knows it was a kneejerk reaction, that Sam couldn’t help it when his face fell, but it really pisses him off.
The human mind was never meant to exist here. The blackness is burrowing in, trying to peer into all of Dean’s cracks.
All three of them fire at once, and it’s impossible to tell which one of them scored the kill shot as the body crumples to the wooden floor.
Later in the evening, Sam passes Cas in the hallway leading to the library and catches himself staring at the angel for a bit too long. Staring even more carefully than he had stared at the photo of the dead body, as if he’s trying to study Castiel for clues.
“Really, Sam? This is happening—” Whatever ‘this’ is meant to indicate. “—and you want me to care about some damn wendigos?”
Smothered by all this focused attention, Dean escapes to get some air, to just collect his thoughts. Before he goes, he sees Claire tearfully letting herself put her arms around Cas, hiding her face in his coat, and Dean smiles a little to himself, pleased for her. He gets it. He knows how she feels.
“No, no, I get it,” Dean snarks, at this point not even sure why, “you and Sam have got this handled. I never claimed to be the brains of this operation, don’t let my little GED slow you down.”
This is the time of evening when they both look like shadows, barely able to see one another’s faces, and
that ain’t the problem.” He’s more or less talking to himself at this point, he supposes, since Sam can’t hear him on the other end of the line—
The beach, for one. Any nice beach. Because that would be indicative of a vacation, and the Winchesters categorically don’t do that.
But then, his mom must be the same way, a bit, sentimental for that all-too-brief time in their lives. She’d chosen a house that so resembles his childhood home it’s almost
“Really? I thought that one was your favorite Indy movie,” Dean questions innocently, genuinely no idea why Sam is so distressed.
And so Dean’s pretended to be fine, going through the motions of living, simply to stay alive. At times becoming more like a thin and unconvincing caricature of himself, a forced façade of cheerfulness, so fragile that one wrong move would send it crumbling. And he’s been drinking every night, but usually not where Sam can see it.
They both look pissed as hell. There’s a random hunt hanging over their heads that neither of them can focus on. The tension is thicker than gravy, and the two of them clearly want it that way. But every person sitting at this table knows them well enough to see the truth:
Dean is sitting at the table in his hot dog pajama pants and dead-guy robe, apparently ready for bed, eating, and reading some dry news reports on his laptop about their case. Next to him sits a plate of something that appears to be Bagel Bites. Pizza-flavored.
Cas’ grip on him is suddenly like a vice. “I love you, too,” Cas breathes, as solemnly as if he’d never said it before—even Cas’ exhales somehow starting to sound as gravelly as his voice, before he immediately dives back in for more, pressing play on the kiss they’d paused.
But then, Cas and Mary had an unexpected rapport almost from the start, an understanding born out of the fact that both once felt like the outsiders of the group, and both no longer do.
Driving through the country. Passing dilapidated barns and collapsing houses with stained white porches, fields of corn and tobacco next to structures that are, uncomfortably, obviously identifiable as former plantations, smaller shacks leading up to a larger house. This looks like such a fucking depressing place to live. As do many of the towns—and the word “town” is pushing it—that they regularly pass through. Dean doesn’t even stop at the faded, worn-out gas station they pass, with signs like “live bait” and “hot boiled peanuts” in the windows, even though it’s probably the last one for miles, just not in the mood to look in the eyes of whatever kid is working there.
The room number gets the manager’s lights to turn on a little. “Ah, yes,” she says, in a faintly Southern accent. “The owner likes to decorate the rooms with his granddaughter’s art.”
Since every word has come out of Cas’ mouth sounding like he thinks being awake right now is an abomination, it’s completely unexpected when Cas says, in the same rough voice, “You’re so beautiful.”
Dean isn’t sure they even make it to the end of the movie before they both fall asleep—after Dean’s repeated, arrogant assurances that he wasn’t “gonna wimp out” before the end credits rolled.
Him and Cas bickering as if they had all the time in the world to get their shit together, ignoring the fact that death shadowed them nearly every day. Something drops into Dean’s stomach, a feeling so desolate that the strength of the emotion nearly knocks him off his feet.
“It’s the Winchesters versus everyone who’s actually competent,” Claire offers, stirring the pot like she learned it from the best. And Dean can’t even process the insult over the fact that she basically just included Cas as one of the Winchesters. It makes Dean shaky on his feet again.
it,” he grits out, voice shockingly rough, and not just from disuse over the last day, before it cracks at the end.
“I’m fine. I’m not hurt,” he mutters, almost in a monotone, gesturing to his upper arm to indicate that all the blood smeared on his cheek and forehead is either from that or from the kid’s garden-variety cuts. “It’s just that one gash. Already bandaged it up.” The skin over his cheekbone feels chilled from the night air and tight under the dried blood.
He doesn’t suppress or scoff at the part of himself that thinks she just might. That thinks, in fact, she probably would. Dean doesn’t push it down and tell himself he’s being foolish to think or even want that. He lets it out, gives it room to breathe.
Dean drives, white-knuckling it, jerking the wheel and taking turns at the last second. Sam rides shotgun, and he is patient.
As they snoop around the general area, skirting the edge of some woods, they run into a pair of other hunters emerging from the trees who had, within the hour, found and torched the rugaru responsible.
Now they lie on Dean’s bed, partially curled in towards one another, and Dean’s hand finds its way across the small space between them until his knuckles bump Cas’. Cas entwines their fingers without looking away from Dean’s face, although Dean does break the eye contact to glance down at their hands, wanting to see.
Anyway, there were a few crates of odds and ends that Sam had found in one of the endless Men of Letters storage rooms and dragged out into the hallway the day before. He’d intended on coming back later to take them to his room for further investigation, which is exactly what Sam’s on his way to do now.
