“Oh, love. Brilliant. You’re so beautiful. It’s never been like this for me. Ever,” John said, as he petted Sherlock’s head in soft circles.
After a long moment, he let go of John and covered him with the other side of his quilt. John snuggled into Sherlock's pillow with a satisfied moan. At the sound, Sherlock could feel his face flush. God, but he wanted John.
Panic rippled through Sherlock’s body, jolting him upright. John jumped up and started pacing again.
"I can't," Sherlock spoke so quietly, that John wasn’t sure if he actually said anything.
James.
“Not so little actually,” Victor replied with a wink.
Sherlock nodded once at the floor.
John lifted off of his cock and stilled both of his hands.
John turned and bent over the dining table that doubled as a desk. On the shelf behind the table, an almost empty tube of surgilube was sticking out of the playing card pencil jar. Sherlock grabbed it and returned to stand behind John. He laid his cock right in the cleft of John’s arse and admired how lovely it looked there. He thrusted long and slow watching it rub between John’s arse cheeks. He must have gotten lost in the vision and the feeling because John mumbled, “Tease.” He didn’t sound angry so Sherlock thrust a couple more times before dropping to his knees.
John listened.
John smiled. “Boyfriends?”
“You arse,” John admonished, “you almost made me drop my camera.”
Greg said, irritation returning in full, “Mycroft, just tell us what happened.”
They talked easily over dumplings and lo mein noodles. John watched Sherlock eat and made sure he filled their wine glasses sparingly. He wanted them both to be relaxed but mostly sober.
“You stopped,” John accused.
his brain screamed,
Thanks for reading! I am
John watched Mary watch Seb.
“I’m fine, John. Please.”
“Fuck. That’s…good. So good.”
He was fucking gorgeous.
“It’s me, Trev.” He scooted forward a bit, but Victor rounded his shoulders and sunk slightly as if threatened. Sherlock relaxed his face and tried to smile. He needed to stay still and just wait.
Sherlock eyes leap from John’s cock, to his own cock, to John’s face, and he grits out, “You’re going to make me come.” He lifts his hips one final time and John can feel his cock pulsing rapidly, deep within him. He grunts, “Ah, gah, John.”
John nodded. They sat down and talked about every detail, planned for every outcome. They were ready for her.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock quickly kissed his lips. He said, “Then trust that whatever anyone does or says is ignored and dismissed.” He paused then to lean forward and press his lips to John’s. Slowly he opened his mouth and pressed his tongue against John’s in a passionate tangle of warmth and wetness.
He looked at Victor. His every exhalation was a puff of fuchsia steam and each time he rubbed his hands through his dark, straight hair, gentle blue streaks of electricity went soaring around the room. Strangely beautiful.
“Oh my god, so fucking beautiful, my gorgeous boy.”
“Will you try to help him again?”
Sherlock sighed, watching him go. He wondered if he could force himself to be less of a freak, more normal for Victor.
Now Sherlock could feel John’s morning erection against his sacrum. Morning wood. What a wonderful tradition for the healthy male body. He rocked back against it indulgently, loving the feeling of it anywhere, anytime.
“Can I get you anything?”
No. Something much more interesting.
John stood up and placed his hands on Sherlock’s jaw. He looked up at him with watery eyes. John smiled and said, “All right?”
“Sweetheart,” John said quietly, “I saw you fall, you tripped on something. Let me see your arm.”
“Oh. I’d love to hear you play sometime.”
“How can you tell from just these photos? You’re not exactly the most perceptive when it comes to telling if a man is in love with you or not.” John was teasing, but Sherlock blushed anyway.
) that arse. Sherlock walked into the loo first.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John,” he strangled out. “Please, please.”
The first time was more out of necessity than desire. During our first case together, Angelo’s was perfect for keeping watch on Northumberland Street. I knew Angelo would be glad to see me, but I was secretly thrilled that he lavished praise on me in front of my new acquaintance. An unforeseen bright spot in the night. It was also a good time for two strangers to get to know each other better. Too bad I cocked that up. I was not completely certain anymore that John was actually flirting with me at Angelo’s. He denied it fairly convincingly. But if he wasn’t flirting, then why the physical indications of embarrassment? The slight facial flush. The throat clearing.
It took me longer than I would like to decide whether to reply to him or not. It seemed I was still uncertain when it came to how to deal with John Watson. I remembered Mrs. Hudson’s words.
“I do.”
“Here, it’s elastic. That string doesn’t matter.”
Sherlock scoffed and pulled at his hair.
“Holmes, you are fucking beautiful, you know that?”
It will be fun, John said. Sherlock had gone along with it to please John, and Molly, he supposed. But mostly John.
“Don’t fucking touch me!” she screamed. “we’re not together anymore. You are alone and I am gone.”
Greg hesitated for a long moment, clearly wanting John to act like a civilian again. John could see the moment he relented. Resigned, he said, “All right, you’re like chewing gum on the bottom of my shoe, Watson, I swear.” Greg turned to the officer and said, “McGregor, we’ll all go. Come on!”
“Neither to I. It’s not even real leather.”
Sherlock had looked so distressed.
The model assessed him with grey (
“I believe you are no longer needed for this investigation.”
He nodded and added quickly, “She said I talked too much about you, the flat, the case we worked on the other night.”
John seriously misjudged how Sherlock was going to take news of his affair with James. He thought they were having a light-hearted conversation where he would know something Sherlock didn’t know, for once.
As if Greg knew what John was thinking, he led them into the main door of the Shoreditch House. Although they had no idea, they were greeted by the same two women at the front desk that had let Sherlock into the building. John had a very hard time not screaming into her beautiful face.
John stared at him but seemed to be fuming at the revelation that Sherlock had noticed his interest on that first night.
Sherlock hummed again and then sighed. Perfect. Them. Together. In any way, in any universe, always.
John hummed as his mouth hovered over Sherlock’s desperately hard cock. Involuntarily, Sherlock’s hips thrust up and the base of his cock hit John in the nose. John simply rubbed his nose up and down the shaft, inhaling deeply. “You smell so good, I want to keep you like this forever.”
Sherlock made a retching noise and said, “That’s not what I meant, Mycroft. I meant, does he need anything more from John and me or is our involvement with this case finished?”
“Last night. What did you need to think about?” she said, her tone far too innocent to be genuine. Cursed woman.
Jack leaned down to place an impossibly sweet kiss on John’s eager lips.
John slowed his movements, just resting against Sherlock’s back again.
John watched. He licked his lips as his hand moved to his own hard cock.
“I ate this morning, and I know you were planning to make dinner.”
Greg directed his officers to go to Agra and find every bit of information they could on Graham.
John raised one hand to sweep over Sherlock’s chest then down to the button of his jeans. He tugged the extremely tight fabric, brushing warm knuckles against the trail of short, dark hair on Sherlock’s flat stomach. John’s thumb flicked the button free, watching Sherlock’s face all the while.
He felt powerful, in control. John stayed still and let him do what he wanted. Sherlock leaned forward to wrap his hands around John's skull and kissed him.
“Fantastic idea,” John said as he pulled him towards the bedroom, hastily.
He couldn’t take any more. Not one minute more. He stood and walked to John, pulling him into his arms. John went willingly and weakly put his arms around Sherlock’s waist, while he buried his forehead into his chest.
They shook hands and nodded at each other. “All right?”
John and Lestrade stopped short of the building entrance. It was the last known location of two officers, whose earpieces were clearly turned off. They hid behind some vegetation and a low retaining wall. The helicopter got closer, but started to land on a adjacent building. It was unclear if it was related to the operation they were currently trying to salvage.
John moved his head to the side and hummed. It felt amazing to be caged in, held by this very tall, deceptively muscular beauty. He smelled divine.
John picked up a teacup and took a small, polite sip. “So,” he said, “a skull. A human one.”
As soon as he arrived, he was taken to see the murder weapon, or attempted murder weapon since thankfully no one died. It turned out that the would-be killer had placed some kind of ignition devices on the rigging wires that held the gondola to the balloon itself. As the balloon gained altitude the inner part of each device was to expand, break, and ignite. Fire on the rigging would sever the connection and the victims would fall to their death. However, only two ‘bombs’ actually ignited so the basket stayed connected and after a few harrowing moments, the pilot landed the aircraft safely on the ground. The passengers had all heard loud popping noises and saw small chemical fires on the lines. Luckily, the six passengers plus the pilot landed safely.
As she spoke, John clenched and unclenched his fists at his side. He stared at her, unblinking. Lestrade took notes but noticed her voice getting quicker and higher pitched during this speech. He looked over at John.
Sherlock fucking loved that giggle. It meant John was happy in that moment. Sherlock shifted up John’s body and turned them so they were face to face on the mattress on their sides.
Mycroft was powerful. Very powerful. It had been a huge turn-on for Greg, who in his own right was a strong and confident leader in his career, to let go and have Mycroft take control. He arranged when and where they would meet, what they would do. Greg sat back and enjoyed the ride (
Seated in the corner, John said again, “Starving.” He smiled at me as he held the menu. “Should I even look at this or can you deduce what I like?” He winked.
John was going to die. He’d die from the sensation. He was going to come. He couldn’t come. He didn’t want to come. He wanted to come harder than he’d ever come in his life. Confused. Stimulated beyond...he just moved his body back into Sherlock and away from Sherlock. He whined.
One swipe along his frenulum. “Tell me,” he said, before engulfing Victor’s thick erection with wet heat.
Finally, he came back to himself, if only slightly. He became aware enough to notice two things. First, John had a raging hard-on (for him, he noted with a huge thrill). Second, John’s hard-on was covered in fabric.
John opened his eyes and shifted position so his head was on Sherlock’s hip. He kept stroking over Sherlock’s skin. He was in heaven. He was ready to pull John to his chest, curl up and sleep. His stomach, however, betrayed him and rumbled loudly.
John’s eyebrows shot up.
“Well, good night then.”
“What?”
on Tumblr.
This was Sherlock submitting. This was John claiming, dominating, marking, bonding, binding Sherlock to him for life. Sherlock was ecstatic to be claimed and bound.
Sherlock pumped his two fingers inside, feeling John’s prostate with the pads of each finger. He licked John’s entrance and his own fingers, his own saliva making each movement slick.
Sherlock stared at him. John took a photo so that maybe he could figure out what that expression meant later. He couldn’t believe he’d just said that and changed the subject. “All right, the big coat and then we’re done.”
He watched John as he lifted the hem of his dark red terry sweatshirt. John’s eyes immediately latched onto the skin revealed and they lingered there. Sherlock put on the horrid black belt with silver buckle. He wondered if it was even real leather.
Sherlock smiled, knowing that John was just bursting to tell him the story. “You have a fondness for flagrantly disobeying the rules, but I thought maybe that started after the Army.”
“I’ll be naked for you whenever you like, sweetheart.”
Rage clouded his thoughts, but he needed to think. Needed to think for Sherlock. Needed to think like Sherlock. He concentrated on the blue plates hanging on the walls of the stairwell. He counted every one, blinking and concentrating on long exhaled breathes through his mouth.
I rose from my seat and walked over to him. He grabbed my hand and pulled me down to the floor. “What?” I exclaimed, landing on one knee beside him. His strength was impressive. I tucked that bit of information away for further exploration. He held tightly to my hand.
John tensed slightly, his attentive soldierly demeanor obvious. “What did she say?”
John woke three times during the night.
Sherlock did not disappoint and moved his body down to burrow his face in his pubic hair. As he nuzzled and groaned he rubbed his nose against John’s shaft. John’s focus was on Sherlock’s lips, willing him to take his cock into that perfect mouth, suckling the head between those perfect lips.
My gaze settled past him to the woman currently plastered to his side, gazing at his face adoringly, still holding his hand. Short, dark-skin, curly hair, beautiful if you were into that sort of thing. They were going to go upstairs to his room and I was going to perish right there on the spot.
As John continued to unbutton his shirt, he said, “This is going to take 30 seconds. You can wait.”
No, seduction is all about trust and chemistry. It’s about trying to make the other person see how perfect you would be together. How you fit together, and have done since the day you met. How that person dominates your thoughts, your fantasies. It’s about assurances and flattery. It’s about hope, that someday he will see how close you’ve become, how invaluable you are to each other. It’s about entertaining him when he’s bored, or feeding him when he doesn’t realize he’s hungry, or softly quieting him when he's hurting and you’re bandaging up
Sherlock felt like a bit of an idiot woofing in bed, but he was going to take it further because he couldn’t help it. He needed to show off for John.
He bucked back against John once, twice, and he came, screaming. “John!” he cried, as his body thrashed and shuddered fiercely. Sherlock’s cock was untouched, but the stimulation to his prostate was so strong, he pulsed over and over again onto the bed for what felt like an eternity. Sounds came out of his mouth. He didn’t know what they were, but distantly he recognized that he was panting, “Ah! Ah!”
“Don’t stop!”
John looked at him and then turned his head to see where Greg’s eyes fell.
John was dressed again, happy that Sherlock found his suit arousing, because he always found Sherlock’s suits arousing.
Sherlock’s breath slowed and John thought he was asleep when he mumbled, “You found me.”
on Tumblr, please come by and say hello.
“My cock is definitely bigger with you.”
Permission granted, satisfaction sought. Sherlock draped himself over John’s body, seeking the warmth of John’s back. He reached around to stroke John’s cock with one hand. He reached his other hand up to cradle John’s head on his forearm. John turned his head so they could trade kisses over his shoulder.
He left Sherlock alone in Mary’s office. He sat on one of the chairs near the window, crossing one ankle over the other knee. He breathed deeply and willed the tension to leave his face. After almost ten minutes of waiting, he leaned his head back and closed his eyes. He thought about John. He had no idea what to do. He wanted John and he thought John wanted him, but it was clear from John’s avoidance of Sherlock’s bedroom last night and his expressed desire to be friends that nothing would happen between them. It was for the best, Sherlock knew. He felt compelled to protect John from the sure disaster a relationship with him would be. They could work this case together, find Victor, and remain friends and possibly work together again. It was enough, it would -
It took six minutes of driving through London traffic to gain my breath and slow my heart beat. Damned my new friend, he was like no other.
With a noise that cleared his throat, John grumbled, “I try not to be obvious about it, but I guess I check out everyone. From head to toe. All of the time.” He looked mortified.
John slipped from Sherlock’s bed, reluctantly moving Sherlock’s right hand from his hip. He had slept soundly for a few hours. When he woke, he listened to Sherlock’s soft, snoring breaths. A vigil for any signs of stress, or drug sickness, or general discomfort. The paramedics had told John that Sherlock denied any physical assault had occurred. John hoped it was true.
Sherlock guiltily looked away.
Greg took gloves and a plastic bag out of his coat pocket and carefully collected the belt. “We know she’s on this.”
“Good man.”
Thanks for reading! I am
John groaned, “God, your voice.”
“Watch your arm, love.”
on Tumblr, please come by and say hello.
John moaned and said, “You delicious thing.”
John sat up and grabbed Sherlock’s face again. “No, my love. I did not. I’m telling you that I am weak and she was working my ego yesterday.”
Victor was staring at his own hands. He put them on Sherlock’s face and pet him. “Holmes, are you all right? Can I see your wrists?” He turned his back and Victor slowly circled each wrist in his hands. “We need to convince them to cut these off. You’ll go crazy.”
John looked through the evidence until something caught his eye. There at the bottom of one e-mail was an address in a business park that John knew very well. It was the smoking photographer’s studio. The studio was a tiny backroom inside a giant warehouse used to distribute produce. John remembered the sweet-acrid smell of rotting fruit and tobacco smoke.
When he looked back to introduce her to John, he froze and said “What?”
Later when they were back in the lounge and John was reading in his chair, Sherlock watched him from the couch. He marveled, again, at his husband. His body was compact - what a lovely word to describe a short man. He was still muscular. His handsome face maintained its boyishness despite him being in his late-forties. John was wearing those infuriatingly sexy glasses, and to top it off, his tongue was going rogue, making brief appearances outside of its appropriate place inside of his mouth. He licked his lips. He poked its tip out and wrinkled his brow, reacting to something surprising in the text.
Angelo brings menus and a candle. Neither mentions the candle. Angelo knows. It must be so obvious to everyone around them.
“I mean, no. I’m unattached. Like you?”
“Please, what, John?” Sherlock snarled without moving his body.
He moaned, trying to convey his desperation, his disorientation. John wrapped one arm around his waist and said, “All right? Breathe, love.”
He smiled back at me. He grabbed his wallet, keys, and phone from the table and stuffed them into his coat. With outstretched arms he asked, “How do I look?”
“Little Vic? Oh my god. How undignified.”
Mycroft sighed, “I’m afraid some of the cases will be too old. We’re trying, of course. I already have some very good investigators deploying to the area as we speak. But a decade is a long time for someone to have survived what surely must be a harrowing existence.”
“Yes, I’m unattached. Let’s go to the pub and you can tell me all about her.”
“There is a difference,” I insisted, although I absolutely loathe repeating myself. She smiled but didn’t say anything. “Regardless, I have not been high in a year and I did not get high last night.”
It unnerved him, her calling him by his name. “No, thank you.” Even though the plan was to actually get himself… taken…or almost taken...he’d rather try to stay awake. So no drinks, thank you very much.
Sherlock folded up his hands differently and there appeared another animal. “This animal doesn’t make a sound that I can imitate.”
Sherlock said, “Let go.”
He followed eagerly. He wanted to find out what the fuck was going on. He was desperate for news of Sherlock.
I hung my greatcoat and scarf and pretended not to see him making tea in the kitchen. I walked to the window and picked up my violin and immediately started playing whatever was on the music stand. Soothing. Calming. Familiar.
He needed to think. He needed to figure out a way for them to get out of here.
John looked so sad, but at least he seemed like he was going to listen.
“You sure about that?” nodding towards his crotch, “We can cuddle a bit and wait for a few days.”
“Oh fuck, yes.”
. But it had only been a few days and they hadn’t done much talking about the future.
) eyes. His eyelids narrowed but he did not extend his hand.
As gently as I could, I said, “I see.” I frowned down at my own section of paper. I must have said it too softly.
“John,” he sighed. Their eyes locked and he said, “I love you.”
He pulled off and looked down his body at Sherlock. They stared at each other and smiled, each holding the other’s erection. Sherlock instructed, “Go on now.”
He looked up and must have realized what he was doing. He pulled both hands down to his lap and clasped them together, muttering, “Sorry, love.”
“Is my dick hard?”
Sherlock slowly turned his head towards the human foghorn. The bartender said, “It’s an açai caipirinha, would you like one?”
Traffic was a nightmare. He was eight minutes late. When he arrived, he walked through the discreet barely-marked doorway to speak to the woman behind the desk. She could have been a model herself with wavy brown hair, large black eyes emphasized by thick but groomed eyebrows, and skin almost as pale as his own. She looked at him with a pleasant smile and waited for him to speak.
His shirt dropped off of his shoulders and onto the floor. He moved his hands to his flies, letting one hand rest on the clasp. He used his other hand to rub down the length of his clothed erection, very, very slowly.
I couldn’t imagine staying in their proximity for one more moment so I turned my head, marched into my room, and closed the door. I heard John murmuring something to the woman and then thunderous footsteps ascending the stairs to his room.
Sherlock had rolled back towards John, grabbed his hand, opened his eyes, and smiled his laziest smile.
“I was,” John said softly.
He was such an idiot. He shouldn’t be thinking of this. He never would have been thinking about anything like this before John. John had made him like everyone else. An idiot.
Victor slowly lowered his hands from his face and looked at him.
John’s face completely shuttered. His features went slack, blue eyes blinked a few times at him. A mask of indifference. “All right.”
John hadn’t even finished his sentence before Sherlock had pulled the elastic waistband away and over John’s gorgeous thick cock.
His own heartbeat in his ears drowned out the sound of Greg yelling at his field team. He lifted his hands to his open mouth and looked at nothing. They’d lost him. They were listening, everything sounded normal. They could hear him clearly. They heard the photographer, the assistant, everything. Then Mary showed up. It was strange hearing her voice again after all of those years. He actually felt nauseous listening to her patronizing tone as she called him special. Hearing him start to say “John” as he must have been falling.
“Oh, are we working now? I thought we were just having a bit of fun.”
John pulled back but was still lightly holding his arm around Sherlock’s back, “You’re going to have to start believing in here,” John touched the end of his index finger to his chest, “that I love you and I’m not going anywhere until you say you don’t want me anymore.”
“Please, sit,” Mary said, gesturing to a chair in front of her desk. “It’ll give me a chance to watch you walk.”
Sherlock trailed the tiny kisses up his neck to nuzzle in John’s ear. All soft breath and nudges with his nose. Sherlock’s voice was low and quiet when he said, “I can’t figure it out.”
. “Nevermind me,” John said. “What happened in there?”
“All right. Can I get you some water?” John indicated a small bag in the corner where he’d stashed a few bottles.
“No,” John answered flatly.
“Yeah, good idea. Take all that off,” John said waving a hand up and down in the air in front of him.
“Call me...names.”
“Hmm,” John hummed again.
They embraced, rocking slightly. Sherlock’s eyes were closed as John placed small kisses all over his cheek, ear, and neck, their breath coming back to normal.
John looked slightly surprised. Sherlock supposed his disagreeable reputation preceded him.
Sherlock was not going to last, the scent of John, his hand moving faster and faster, and the dizzying things he was saying. His focus was solely on John’s voice in his ear, and hand on his cock, pulling and twisting, playing him expertly.
“Love, please,” John pulled away, Sherlock reluctantly let go and tipped his head up to face him. “Sherlock. Love. I think I know what’s happening. We’ll talk about it in the morning. Now lie down.”
“I’m going to say something serious now,” Sherlock said.
He dropped his hand and gave him a little shove. John swayed a bit but recovered nicely.
“Coffee?”
“Left shoulder,” John smiled a large genuine grin. How had this stupidly exquisite creature seen him so completely?
“Fuck, you are so gorgeous,” John pants, “Stop!”
“Pardon?”
Sherlock thrust his hips up into John’s and said, “Feel more than this? I’m afraid it doesn’t get bigger, John.”
They both had lisps, although Sherlock’s was a bit stronger, especially when he was sleepy. He wondered if Victor hated his lisp, as he did his own.
Standing in the middle of my room, I focused on regulating my breath. I quickly removed my dressing gown and pulled on my suit jacket and black loafers. I listened at my door to make sure they had not come back. When I believed all to be clear, I left my room and made my way down the stairs to don my coat and leave for the night.
“No, but you’re a model. A damned fine, up-and-coming model with a different agency in a different country. She’s probably chomping at the bit to get at you.” John’s eyes went wide when he realized the implications of what he just said. He stuttered, “Uh...sorry...I didn’t mean it that way.”
“Hello, I’m John Watson, the photographer.” He stuck out his hand to shake the boy’s hand.
In his later Uni years, after penetrative sex with women and non-penetrative sex with a couple of men, he was old enough and confident enough to buy some toys. He only used them in private, never with a partner. He learned more about his body, his anus, his rectum, and his prostate. He learned about the glorious, intense, long, and sometimes multiple orgasms that prostate stimulation provided him.
But Sherlock had seen it. Maybe others had seen it too, if they were paying attention. Sherlock had seen that these two men were very close, like brothers, with a deep love. But not like brothers because there was something like heat and fondness in their too-long gaze. They looked like two people very deeply in love. Romantic love. Sherlock hadn’t paid too much attention people in love. He thought it was mostly faked or just for the young and hormonal. And that young lust surely wasn’t real or deep love.
Sherlock needed to sleep. All he could think of was John Watson, in his flat, in bed. He felt wrong, itchy, restless. His desire kept his brain humming with questions about John’s sleeping habits, his dreams, what he wore, how he would smell. It drove him crazy until his exhaustion won and he finally slept a dreamless sleep.
He watched John's face as he opened the lube and poured some on his long fingers. He reached back and started circling his own entrance, opening himself with practiced ease. He smirked at John's look of confusion.
That proved to be harder than Sherlock would have thought. He created and ticked off items in a mental checklist: Stop wanking. Stop licking (
“Fuck. Mmm...oh god, so good,” John murmured.
During the next ten minutes, Sherlock took a break, identified the murderer, and texted Lestrade. The suspect swung at Sherlock’s head with a beer bottle. John’s quick response was to knock the man unconscious with one hand, while plucking the bottle out of the air with the other. Greg and his team swarmed the place, listened to Sherlock’s deductions, grabbed the bottle for fingerprints, and carted him away.
“Hello,” he said, cigarette bouncing on those full lips.
Sherlock rose and said, “Let’s go down by the water. I feel like taking a dip.” His voice went so deep John could hardly hear it over the waves. His eyes glittered with mischief.
With clenched fists and a frown he entered the apartment of Graham, also known as Obnoxious James. He talked with Greg, who confirmed his suspicions, that the young model (named Apple, another eye roll) was gathering Graham’s things to presumably destroy or hide them. They had his laptop, a tablet (with a newly cracked screen), two mobiles, and several file folders containing headshots, resumes, and the like.
After only a few moments, John returned wearing black jeans, a checked button-up and brown lace-ups. He headed immediately to the toilet and shut the door. I could hear him brushing his teeth. He emerged smelling of cedar and bergamot.
Sherlock bobbed down once, taking John fully into his mouth, then hollowed his cheeks and cradled his cock with his tongue as he pulled up and off. Sherlock grinned smugly.
Sherlock groaned, “Stop that, and kiss me.”
“Gorgeous bloke like you, unattached?” John shook his head and looked up at Jack from under his lashes. He was well aware that his large dark blue irises lured many a moth to his flame. Jack stared back, mouth gaping a bit. John reached up, brushed his knuckles across Jack’s cheekbones, and softly said, “Gorgeous.”
“Oh, hello,” I said, and closed the book I was casually not reading.
He smirked and looked down. John stared at his cock which sprung free from the confines of tight black stretchy denim. John wrestled them down, tugging at the fabric until his ankles and feet were finally free. John flung them across the room and said, “You’re trying to kill me.”
I flinched as Big Ben rang its half past clang, catching me unawares. I hit mute quickly, hoping he was too sleepy or distracted to understand exactly what he was hearing on my end of the line. John’s text was also rather startling. He had a sex date but wanted to have breakfast with me. It seemed she was gone and I could return back to 221B.
John appeared in the doorway with a glass of water and pills. He walked to Sherlock’s side and shoved the items towards his good hand. He flung the duvet back, and placed his bare feet on the floor. Without a sound, he took the water, swallowed the pills, and placed the glass on the side table.
She’d taken pity on him and said, “It’s all right, I’m like you. Do you have a girlfriend, then?”
He climbed out of bed and grabbed his third best dressing gown, quickly scanning the room. John had been in his bed. He had slept there all night given the state of the pillow and sheets. He had left the room between 30 and 90 minutes prior, given the chilliness of the sheets. He hadn’t put his clothes back on. Was he naked somewhere in the flat? He would not be able to deduce it, he’d need to see for himself.
“No, John. You’re brilliant! That’s exactly how we get to her. I’ll be bait.”
“Trev, you can but can we do it later? I have a Trigonometry quiz in 10 minutes.”
John realized that their mouths were plastered together in a sloppy kiss and he hadn’t opened his eyes in many minutes. Even as the aftershocks of a truly intense orgasm were waning, he promised himself to watch next time as Sherlock, his love, came under his hands, or mouth, or...?
John pulled away slightly so that he could swirl his tongue around, and up and down, every centimeter of his cock. He finally lowered his eyes to Sherlock’s cock to lick and kiss and worship it until it softened, and Sherlock’s hands gently pushed through his hair.
John stood up, surprisingly steady, and walked over to where Sherlock sat. He never took his eyes off of Sherlock’s face, spending most of the journey staring at his lips. Sherlock stood up, ready to provide stability if necessary.
They wound their way through several bar, restaurant, and lounge areas until they reached a small room. The first thing John saw was the discarded belt on the carpet. He reached down for it, but Greg placed a hand on his forearm to stop him.
“Good. You can lower your hands. Are you hurt?”
John must have detected the shift in him. He pressed into Sherlock even harder, grinding his crotch against him. He used one hand to pull Sherlock’s head over to the side, exposing his neck.
John raised his eyebrows and said, 'Doesn’t that seem to be a bit of a strong reaction to your friend starting to date a new woman?”
The power had gone out again at Baker Street. It had happened so many times over the last three months that Sherlock reluctantly called Mycroft to inquire about the ancient wiring on their block. Mycroft had responded quickly, but there was only so much he could do. When he tended to Baker Street’s Victorian-era infrastructure it had be discreet and infrequent, to avoid the appearance of favoritism. Therefore, it took several weeks for the transformers to be replaced all around Marylebone.
“I was thinking too,” John said. “About home.”
John looked around at all of the hungry eyes. “I think we’ve made them the jealous ones.” John grabbed his hand and said, louder than necessary, “Come on, love, let’s go home. I’m going to fuck you so good you forget your name.”
He tried to warn John with a quick, light pinch to his thigh. After all, he could not speak.
Sherlock, tired of being slow and teasing, tightened his fingers and swirled his tongue around the corona, the frenulum, up and down the shaft. He wanted John absolutely soaked.
He felt Sherlock’s finger touch his chin. Slight pressure under his jaw made him lift his face. He looked up into Sherlock’s blue-green eyes and saw softness and innocent longing. “You’re killing me too, John.”
“Oi! You cock!” Victor grabbed at his wrists but he was too slow. Sherlock jumped up and away and ran to the loo, laughing maniacally like he only did with Victor.
. They stayed that way for hours until the sobs turned to kisses, and the kisses into snores, and the darkness of a London night comforted them both.
“You only love me? You only want to be with me. We are in a committed monogamous relationship, correct?”
“Most people like the quiet.”
“He was one of a dozen or so beautiful young things at an after-hours party. MDMA, coke, various pills. We had a tip that the woman running all of the illegal drugs in Central London was going to be at this party. So we gather all of the evidence. Undercover work and surveillance recordings, lots of hard work to get that stuff. And we raid this place. Sherlock was there with a woman who fit the description of our kingpin. We arrested them.”
Some indeterminate time later, a large snore woke them both.
John ignored his tone and pulled him into a tight embrace. Sherlock melted into his arms, willing himself to accept strength from his love and closest friend. “He looks so small,” he said shakily.
“John.”
“Sherlock.”
“Nothing. Just - ” he stared, eyes roaming up and down his body, “you’re clearly in the right profession.”
“I fell…down?”
John blew out a long breath and looked up to the ceiling. Mary. His lying, psychopathic ghost of an ex-wife, Mary.
Before Mycroft could say anything else, their lips crashed together, not so much in a kiss, but in a joining of blindingly huge smiles.
John walked out of the room and was talking quietly with Billy when he heard heavy footsteps echoing off the cement walls. He looked up and saw Sherlock walking slowly towards them, cigarette dangling from his lips, eyes glued to his mobile screen, and fingers flying over the screen. He was wearing the long coat and boots he wore last time. His hair had grown out a bit framing his sharp cheekbones and dark eyelashes perfectly. John thought he was the most beautiful thing he’d ever seen.
Sherlock is going to actually consume food at this dinner. Maybe not a whole portion, but he will eat. He orders the wine, but only after asking John what he thinks he will have. He says he wants to make sure it would pair well with his dish too.
That was the moment that Sherlock gave up. He knew he wouldn’t be able to get his skates off without help. He had heard bone crack. Next stop would be A&E.
John started to shoot and Sherlock immediately started posing. Long minutes ticked by.
. Sherlock only lasted because of how slow John wanted it. The lazy rhythm gave him enough time to adjust to the friction between thrusts. It also helped him last if he picked a random element from the periodic table and silently recited everything he knew about each...including, but not limited to, atomic weight, year of discovery, atomic composition, melting point, boiling point, and density. He could last ages that way. When John finally came, sweaty and screaming his name, he felt like Eros himself.
A tight, cold knot formed in the pit of John’s stomach as he listened to Sherlock’s increasingly frantic and frustrated voice tell the story. He kept his hand on Sherlock’s the whole time.
“The bird, John.”
Sherlock Holmes was hugging John’s pillow, sound asleep.
“Let me show you how much,” Sherlock said against his lips, pitching his voice low, “How much I want you.”
“Why do you live here?” Sherlock said, while they walked through the door to his second floor flat.
“My cock was so hard...oh...yes...fuck...and I put it in him...just a little…”
Jack blinked and looked like he was about to drop to his knees. He said, “Mary,” as John leaned in closer.
Sherlock had not gone back to sleep, but had kept his aching eyes closed and tried to breathe slowly. When the car pulled onto a smaller road, he struggled to sit up so he could see where he was. They were pulling into a business park, just as he had deduced, when the window screen went down and the driver sing-songed, “We’re here, darling.”
After long moments of breathing together, John felt his body slowly release the tension he’d been holding since Sherlock had entered Shoreditch House. His heavy limbs and eyelids relaxed.
He giggled over words in their books that Sherlock didn’t understand. Well, he understood the words, but he had no idea what was so funny. He’d smile at Victor because it made him smile back. Not many people smiled at Sherlock.
They left the roof together quietly and walked to a nearby cafe for small glasses of sweet, hot tea. James asked John to work with him and his men to apprehend the two men John had photographed, and turn them over to the Afghan army for prosecution. It was a long-shot that the Afghans would jail or execute one of their own, but the Major had orders to fulfill and a moral duty to banish corruption.
“I was trying to find my Kindle.”
“Logical.”
“No.”
She sipped her tea quietly, eyebrows slightly raised in interest.
Sherlock smiled shyly and lowered his eyes. “St. John’s Lodge gardens.”
I was sexually attracted to my new flatmate.
Sherlock came first, but only a few seconds before John toppled over the edge into pulsing white hot ecstasy. Their muscles quivered and shook with intense pleasure.
“Oh, yes.”
“Trev. Trev.” He would have held his hands in front of him, but tied behind him they were limp. He would look like he was hiding something. Not very comforting for his frightened friend, he thought. He turned his body slowly but kept his eyes on Victor, trying to compose his face into a reassuring expression. “See? I can’t leave you. I wouldn’t anyway. We have to get out of here together.”
Sherlock marveled at this man who loved him. This man who considered his feelings. Who wanted to make him happy and feel good. John didn’t try to change him, even though they were now...this. He actually wanted Sherlock to be...more Sherlock.
I stared at him. I knew my mouth was open and I couldn’t stop blinking. John thought I had a genius mind. I rarely, if ever, heard praise like this for my intellect. Lestrade used me. I went along willingly, but he never praised me. Anderson could not hide his disdain for me and felt threatened. Sally called me ‘freak’. But John had just said ‘genius’.
Victor jumped to his feet, ran (with a pronounced limp, Sherlock noted) to the farthest door, and yanked at his too-long hair. He spun around and yelled, “Holmes! You cannot be here. I won’t allow you to be here. Leave me!”
“I adore you.”
Now it was Sherlock’s turn to blush. His eyes huge as he listened to John say the sweetest, most amazing, and he thought mostly undeserved things about him.
Sherlock continued to stare at him, desperately wanting to know but dreading the inevitable ‘childish’ or ‘freaky’.
John Watson was like no other person I’d ever met. He said, “incredible” and “amazing”. I found him to be incredibly handsome, with dark blue eyes that he flashed at me provocatively. Did he know he did that? I wasn’t sure. His large eyes, perfect nose, and strong jaw devastated me. So far I had only seen glimpses of the doctor. A man who wanted to help diagnose, help solve a crime. I couldn’t imagine my John exhibiting the pablum banality of bedside manners. What I observed at all times was the soldier. Unfortunately suicidal. Eternally loyal. Lethally brave. He had killed a man for me today. Only one day after we met. How on earth could I ever get over that?
“You think I have a big cock.”
Sherlock looked down at his shoes and mumbled, “I’ve been better.”
I stripped off my soiled garment and walked into the loo. I pulled on the shower handles and let the water run.
Before I met Sherlock, I never imagined I would get used to eyeballs in the microwave and toes in the crisper.
“I may have extended our reservation a bit.”
John blinked at him. “All right,” he smiled. “Don’t be too long.” He raised his eyebrows suggestively.
“Will you slow down, please?”
“Do you pull slow or fast?”
“Let’s make it takeaway.”
“Well, we didn’t know if she’d show up, yeah? Maybe this will be…” Greg stopped abruptly.
“What was that?”
John, placed a few sundries from his bedside table drawer in a small box and said, “Why?”
Mycroft barked out a hoarse laugh, then smiled at Sherlock’s smirking face. The brothers enjoyed the reactions of John and Greg, both of whose eyes went wide with shock.
“I have an excellent teacher.” Sherlock wraps his arms around John and pulls him tightly to his chest.
“Holmes?”
She pulled her eyebrows down to scowl at him, disgusted. Good, John didn’t give a shit what she thought.
The next day Lestrade called with a case that they just had to take. The D.I. had texted, “Double murder. Eyes removed. Will you come?” His immediate visceral reaction was excitement, adrenaline, the promise of a beautiful mystery he longed to solve. After about fifteen seconds, however, he looked from his phone screen to look at grey-blond hair resting in the crook of his left arm. John was just stirring awake, cock hard against Sherlock’s hip, lips connecting with Sherlock’s pectoral muscle in a sleep-sloppy kiss.
John looked up at him with a fierce look. “I’m serious, Holmes, you are mine. No one touches you but me. This body, your brain, all mine.”
The extra squeeze usually earned a sigh from John but he couldn’t see his face.
Sherlock wore a mask of indifference, looking exactly like the first time they’d met. His heart breaking surely felt like a punch to the gut. He blew out his breath, looked down, and bent slightly at his waist.
to that question (
“Well, when there are pants…”
Sherlock kept a closer eye than usual on John over the next few days. Something about that night in the foyer made John grow distant. He spent more time on his computer and less time hassling Sherlock about eating or the mess in the kitchen.
John’s face turned very serious. “Now we’re going to shag like rabbits on every surface of 221B.”
To explore that thought, or to think about being honest with himself about his feelings, was agonizing. It physically hurt him to think about what he had lost, and to think about what they might have had. It was an ache, radiating from between his shoulder blades outward, it made him hunch over against it. It made him nauseous.
“God, Sherlock.”
The agent tipped his head, “D.I. The briefing is outside.”
“I’ve tried,” he said miserably, “There’s no way out.”
out loud but he couldn’t be sure the words actually emerged. He narrowed his eyes as his vision blurred. There was nothing written on the card.
He pulled back so he could look into John’s beautiful eyes. He said, “You are precious to me.”
“Major.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Thanks for reading! I am
Sherlock hummed thoughtfully, then smiled, “So, should we begin?”
Mycroft said, And now for your legally binding vows.
John hadn't moved. He watched where their bodies were connected and reached out his hand to feel where Sherlock was stretched out around him. They both moaned.
They smiled at each other, relieved.
“You watched me.”
He looked away and blushed at John’s praise.
“What’s your name?”
Pitch black. His eyes were open. He blinked. He blinked again.
“Help me up.”
Mary was extremely secretive about her work and John started to suspect that other factors were at play. She had two mobiles that she thought he didn’t know about. She worked long hours and travelled more and more frequently. John knew she was slipping away. Desperate, he tried to talk to her about their growing distance. She assured him everything was fine and that she was trying to focus on her career so she could someday start an agency of her own.
The man opened a door that looked slightly more reinforced than a typical office door and shoved Sherlock into the dark room. He heard a soft snick behind him as it closed. He turned and awkwardly tried the handle with his bound hands. Of course, it was locked. His blurry vision had improved slightly, but the room was so dark he couldn’t see anything anyway. Starting at the doorway, he felt the walls until he found a switch. Sickly fluorescent light flooded the room, followed by a quiet moan. He whipped his head around and took in the room. It was large, with several doors, no windows, a desk and chair, and a small filing cabinet.
“Sh’lock?”
“Mrs. Hudson!”
“Come up here.”
Sherlock whispered, “I don’t think I can. I just do.”
of the things, but what seemed to be appropriate for Molly to know), she suggested this godforsaken tourist trap. Why had he ever listened to her? Now he stood in front of a table full of brightly colored paper and foil rolls, apparently containing dubiously flavored biscuits.
John nodded but felt less than convinced. He’d have to put on his soldier face, his confident Captain’s attitude to deal with this.
Sherlock jumped into his lap. The leather of the chair on his knees and shins was soft, almost as soft as John’s trousers on his thighs and arse. He positioned his arse and ground down against John’s trapped cock. He pushed as hard as he could trying to give John more friction. This had the pleasant side effect of his perineum and balls dragging up and down John’s bulge. He continued to writhe and leaned down to capture John’s mouth in a deep, wet kiss. He explored John's mouth with his tongue. He sucked on his lips and tangled their tongues together, taking control of John's mouth and jaw and skull by holding on firmly to John's face.
“You feel so good.”
Sherlock hummed.
“You’re not,” he smirked. His face fell and his eyes went half-lidded. “Fuck, love, let me see you.”
To distract himself, John agreed to go get it.
John sighed and placed his tea cup on the bedside table. He tucked himself down on his side facing Sherlock. “I met him in Afghanistan. I was on a rooftop taking photos of some bad guys when this tall bloke, built like a lorry, comes towards me in his military fatigues. I thought I was dead.”
“I’m a boy, do you want to kiss me?”
They sat at the bar and John ordered a beer, some kind of black beer. Or brown bear stout. Sherlock didn’t pay attention. Sherlock decided to try their caipirinha. He didn’t have high hopes for a loud little joint in the Valley, but why not? They probably couldn’t cock it up too badly.
“You never use it.”
John pulled him down and right before he kissed him said, “Let’s go back to bed.”
“Oh, right. Yes. Well, you are too. We’re both idiots. So we should be complete morons together.” He kissed Sherlock’s knuckles again.
“John,” he breathed, sounding in awe.
They watched as Mary and Graham exited the sleek black car and entered through an open garage door. He said something and she threw her head back and laughed. John thought they looked awfully relaxed for people who had just discovered that one of their victims was wearing a wire. John positively seethed with hatred for her. For them.
“What’s funny?”
John pulled Sherlock’s neck so their lips touched. John slowly, deliberately, caressed their lips together. It was soft and agonizingly sweet. John’s heart beat faster and he dared to taste Sherlock’s upper lip. Sherlock parted his lips with a soft moan and deepened the kiss by licking back into John’s mouth. Sherlock reached up and cradled John’s head in his oversized hands.
“You’re naked.”
“It’s only half past six,” I protested. What would I do now? John in bed, away from me, was so boring.
“Practically everyone is,” said Sherlock, voice low.
“I wanted to know where we would be shagging.”
Sherlock curled up on the couch with his back to the room, breathing heavily. He didn’t even want a pillow for his head. Such an idiot does not deserve a pillow.
Sherlock listened.
“Ah,” John said, “And the rubber gloves?”
He didn’t say anything, but worried about how long John would be away.
(See the end of the chapter for
“This is hideous. I wouldn’t wear this.”
They climbed the stairs and Sherlock opened the door for him. John entered the room, set down his bag, and walked to the other side of the room, seemingly as far away as he could get from Sherlock.
John opened his eyes to find Sherlock, hand still holding their mostly hard cocks, with his mouth hanging open and his eyes still closed. John lifted his body up with the intention of heading to the loo to get something to clean them up. Sherlock did not agree with this plan and quickly hugged John tightly to him, apparently not caring about the mess between them. John got his arms under Sherlock’s shoulders and squeezed right back.
“I’m sorry, John.”
Greg’s phone chimed with a text. They both looked at the message between them on the table.
During this diatribe, John turned back to the sink and continued with the dishes. Only now he wore a small self-satisfied grin.
“Sherlock,” he said softly.
He waited, feeling the cold fluid enter his veins and the needle exit his skin. In less than 30 seconds, euphoria and panic overwhelmed his brain. His body went rigid as he clenched his jaw and squeezed his eyes shut. There was no thinking. There was only breathing and heart-beating and clutching at the cloth of his trousers and the carpet. He keened and cried out as wave after wave of energy flowed through him.
. Every 20 minutes like clockwork John handed him a small bland bite of something until he stopped complaining and started kissing John’s fingers with every offering.
“John Watson,” he breathed, “I’ll never get over the sight of you, on your knees, for me.”
Thank you so much for reading this. Thanks to those enthusiastically commenting even when you had to wait months for an update.
“I’m fairly certain he has my face programmed into the CCTV.”
“I’m not. I want to. I want to sleep next to you.”
“Can you relax? We're going to start now.’
Thanks for sticking with this story. Please come find me on tumblr, I am
John looked at him and smiled, “Someday.”
John became friends with Mary right out of Uni. She had seen right through him the first time they met and asked, “Do you have a boyfriend?”
Sherlock opened his eyes but didn’t say anything for a long time. John released his hand and Sherlock pulled it back to clasp both hands under his chin. “They drugged us.”
“Yes, but your arse.”
“I don’t know. I don’t think so. I was so focused on my attraction to Sarah. I had suppressed every romantic feeling I had for you,” John made a frustrated noise, then looked squarely into Sherlock’s eyes. “I meant what I said last night. But I had a lot of time to train myself, or fool myself into thinking I was not in love with you.”
Unfortunately for me, the atmosphere at Phoenix Palace, while ostensibly romantic, would not provide me with a second attempt by Dr. John Watson to woo me. It’s absolutely for the best since I’ve always prided myself on remaining unattached and emotionally secured. I valued reason and logic above all else and was educated at an early age about the dangers of sentimental attachment.
“Sher. Lock. Sherlock. Sherrrrrrlock. Sherlock Holmes. Holmes.” John continued staring while invoking his name over and over. “Holmes, Holmes, Holmes, home, home, home, home, home. My home.” He smiled, a small soft thing.
“Your fingers…”
on Tumblr.
I hope they don't make Mycroft too evil in Series 4...I really love him.
“Touch me.”
“All right. Can I get you some water?” John indicated a small bag in the corner where he’d stashed a few bottles.
He looked up at Sherlock’s face, who was wearing a smug smirk, chin lifted in defiance.
Sherlock pulled away and stood, removing his jacket and quickly unbuttoning his shirt. John leaned unsteadily back onto the dining room table.
Very calmly, John said, “Do you want to know what I really think of you?”
John blew out a sharp breath and turned, enraged and his patience gone. “All right. Fine. I’m going upstairs.”
John was finally starting to feel aware of his surroundings. His body was limp, though he was gaining some control with every heartbeat. He’d never quite felt so buzzy, like and old telephone dial-tone humming not only in his ears but across his muscles and down his spine.
John just looked at him.
They smiled and kissed some more before Sherlock suddenly pulled back. Victor didn't notice the look of mischief that flashed across Sherlock's face right before he took his hands and smeared his semen all over Victor’s chest and neck.
“Uh, yeah. Had you been there before?”
John pulled away, his face was red as he looked down at the floor, as he tucked himself away first, then Sherlock.
John looked at him, stunned. “You looked me up.”
Sherlock nodded his head enthusiastically.
John reached for him again and kissed him hard, possessively. “God, yes, please.”
“You weren’t here so I thought I’d have a nice wank thinking of your pretty lips on it, or maybe…hic...between your perfect arse cheeks.” John’s eyes were glassy and unfocused as he got lost in the fantasy.
on Tumblr.
“Thank you,” John said, taking the bag from Sherlock’s hand.
“How’d you get those?” Billy asked, indicating the key.
He tried to sleep, but he was kept awake with the haunting thought,
She placed the tray on a side table, distributed tea and cake to us both, and settled into John’s chair.
“I won’t.” Sherlock stepped back and watched as John relaxed his shoulders and adjusted the grip on his camera. He looked down the length of Sherlock’s body as he stepped backwards. He licked his lips in that maddening way of his. Sherlock wanted to chase after him but turned instead. In a moment, he looked back over his shoulder and John was nearly on shore. Sherlock lowered himself so his knees touched the sand and his chin touched the water’s surface. The tips of his curls dipped into the water. He leaned down to run his hands along the softest sand he’d ever felt. He ran his hands up his thighs, over his stomach, to circle his hard nipples. He circled them and leaned his head back to feel the sun on his neck. God, it felt good. He ran his hands down his body, touching, swirling his fingers over every inch of his skin, front and back. He rubbed, brushed, caressed, teased at his sensitive skin. He was hard as stone and panting, the sensation of bathing light and water on his body beyond pleasure. It was love. He was loved by John. He loved John.
Sherlock got up and started to play another tune. John smiled this time, a genuinely amused, open smile. “How do you even know that song?”
Sherlock came out in the next outfit. It reminded John of something.
He pulled Sherlock down hard until their lips crashed together. John immediately moved one hand so he could feel with his thumb his lips on Sherlock’s. Over and over, he ran his thumb over Sherlock’s lips, dipping just the tip in between so he could feel the hot and soft texture of their tongues licking at each other.
Sherlock looked into his eyes and must have seen red-fire fury. He reached his hand out and placed it on John’s cheek. Quickly, trying to reassure, he said, “Nothing. Nothing, John. He just...said what he wanted to do. Showed me a knife. Leaned on me. I was unharmed. But I was high at the time and it was basically quite awful.”
"I can't delete it. I've only tried to delete anything about you, or a thing you said, or did twice. It doesn't work. I can't do it."
“Mmmm,” John hummed. Sherlock didn’t know whether he believed him or not but if he tried to say anything more, he knew it would sound like he was lying. So he kept his mouth shut.
John had thought about them a bit more than he wanted to admit to himself and now they were guiding his head so that Sherlock could claim his mouth.
John had just set up the fill lights when the door flung open and a very tall young man walked in. He was dressed in a worn, dirty t-shirt, jeans, black boots, and a beautifully tailored almost-black overcoat.
“You have quite a jealous streak in you. I didn’t realize the extent of it.”
They stared at each other. Sherlock lightly ran his hands along John’s back and arms. John brushed Sherlock’s curls from his forehead. After a long moment, and to John’s utter surprise, he quickly rolled them over so he was on top of John. He took John’s face in his hands and quickly peppered kisses all over this face until John was giggling.
“I like you, John. I don’t like anyone.”
“All right?” John asked.
Sherlock refused to feel this way for one more second. He was going to head home and delete the blonde, or he would try at least. He’d never succeeded in deleting anything about John, but maybe he could delete her, or at least her face. Maybe just her breasts.
“I begged him to take me with him. I wanted to be with him. I wanted to help him. We had talked about these bad guys and what they’d done and what they were hiding. It was my mission too. So he reluctantly agreed and he took me with him. We traveled to a small village where the two bad guys were supposed to be for the night. The plan failed, someone had tipped them off. Instead we were attacked. I was not supposed to be there. I was shot. Four of his men died. He was discharged.”
She was growing increasingly tense. Something was wrong. Her flirty banter turned into terse, one or two word replies. She shot a wary glance towards Graham when no one else was looking. This was not good. She either sensed that London’s finest were surrounding the building or she was somehow suspicious of Seb, Orkun, or Duncan.
(See the end of the chapter for
Please come and say hello on Tumblr at
“I can see that you’re liking this.”
Sherlock frowned and looked down at himself as if he hadn't paid attention to what he wore. “The Spanish designer. I deleted his name.”
Sherlock didn’t know what he wanted him to say so he simply said, “Thanks.” He turned and started to walk up the flight of stairs beyond the lounge door. John picked up his bag and followed.
“The woman he was with turned out to be his landlady. Had nothing to do with any drugs,” he paused. “Well, actually, she had quite a bit of cannabis on her but she insisted it was for personal use and I guess I believed her.” He huffed out a laugh.
“You saw him,” he said, tension thick in his throat, making his voice sound like a growl.
Sherlock stood up, walked over to John and grabbed him with both hands, pulling him into a tight embrace. He breathed in the scent of John just behind his ear, at his hairline. Sherlock inhaled and exhaled with a huff, tilting his head so he could press his lips to John’s earlobe. He was so warm, his ears so soft. Sherlock couldn’t help the tiny movements of his head trying to get his mouth and nose closer to John’s skin.
And then he jumps.
They didn’t spend much time at John’s house; he never said anything, but John knew that his father made Sherlock uncomfortable. Henry Watson had always been able to see through deception and deceit, and even John suspected he knew more than he let on about the status of his and Sherlock’s relationship. He didn't say anything, as far as John knew, but there was always that hidden threat that he might let something slip, and John knew how awful that would be for them both, particularly Sherlock.
Are you one of those poofters?’ A disgusted look crept onto his face.’ Urgh, you fancy me, don’t you?’
Hotter in more ways that Sherlock had initially expected, it seemed. He was baking in his clothes, so hot that his shirt started sticking to him in seconds. The man was the same, wiping his brow and shaking his head as he tried to rid himself of the sudden hot flush. Sherlock looked around in surprise, wondering if the heating had malfunctioned. He also wondered why he had the urge to lick the man’s sweat droplets off his forehead, but decided to keep this to himself-
but you might have just broken my hand.’
Mycroft rolled his eyes. ‘Il est juste d'être arrogante.’
Henry chuckled. ‘Like half the girls in the country. Alright, son. Text your mother every couple of hours and keep your phone on. Is…is Harry alright?’
‘Too Irene.’
Sherlock strode up the street as John jogged beside him. Christ, the boy was tall. Six foot, if slightly less, but he made John feel tiny. And such long legs…John could almost imagine Sherlock running. He was incredibly athletic, well-muscled and lean, if slightly underweight. John could see him as a ballet dancer, lithe and incredible on stage, in a leotard and incredibly tight lycra-
He was even willing to attend the stupidest social occasion ever invented if it meant John would come with him.
‘Where is John?’ Lestrade said, and Sherlock was grateful that he had dropped the whole Anderson issue. ‘He said something about revision. If you are indeed correct, and our exams start in three days, I assume he is revising for those. I invited him here but…’ Sherlock trailed off and rubbed his gloved hand over the foot. ‘Hmm.’
Sherlock looked up, looking thoroughly miserable, as if he hadn't heard anything that John had just said. ‘But she was right. My mother’s death was my fault. My father died of no apparent reason whilst in the midst of good health, you nearly died just now- it’s a miracle I haven’t gotten Mycroft-‘
‘So not a glitter pen with sprinkles?’
Please vote and comment :)
That said, Sherlock must be punished, and John knows exactly how he is going to break him. He thinks about it as he fucks him deep into the mattress, Sherlock mewling helplessly underneath him, panting
John shook his head, stroking back Sherlock’s hair. ‘I don't know, Sherlock, I don't know.’
Eventually Xander made his way onto John’s lap, crooning up at his uncle with intelligent babble; John nodded, smiling at the little boy, pretending he knew what he was talking about. Greg watched them, laughing as Xander attempted to climb onto John’s back and up onto his shoulders. John obliged, pulling the baby onto his shoulders and cantering around the room as his nephew laughed hysterically. Talia protested, not wanting to be left out, and John had to do it again, a small child hanging onto his head.
Sherlock stared up at him with the same expression on his face, seemingly frozen.
“Well you should. You’re brilliant.”
John raised his eyebrows. “No, you don’t.” John looked at the officer who was looking back at him dubiously. John tried to remember if he’d ever shot this young drama queen. He couldn’t recall. The bloke didn’t seem familiar at all.
All the while, Sherlock stared.
“You’ve seen me without my shirt.”
He made a frustrated noise, and finally looked up at John. He was feeling better because of John’s ministrations, but he knew he must look as emotionally wrecked as he felt. That was confirmed when John’s eyes met his, and John’s face softened only slightly.
Thanks for reading! I am
John chuckled and it looked for a moment like he wasn’t going to share anything.
), but reassured him with one word, “John.” He added, “I'm afraid I don't have a gift for you.”
There’d been no edging. They were both so eager after so many days apart, that in the end, Sherlock stayed true to his word and provided so thorough a rimming that John almost came untouched. It only took a few strokes for him to moan loudly and come all over Sherlock’s hand. While John came down from his truly intense climax, Sherlock took himself in hand and bit down on John’s arse cheek, shuddering through his own orgasm.
Sherlock pressed one finger past the ring of muscle, kissing and licking around it, easing its way. Soon he had three fingers slowly pushing in and out of John, continuing to use his tongue and lips. He couldn’t help it, he dropped his other hand to his own cock and started to pump it furiously.
He stood up, grabbed the tape measure, and whirled John around to face him. He quickly grabbed John’s cock, wrapping the tape around it. His double vision blurred and cleared, blurred and cleared, as he took notes.
“I want to learn more and more about you. Learning every inch of your gorgeous body will distract me for a while, I’m sure, and I’m so looking forward to it. But I want to know it all, Sherlock. I need to know that we are committed, together, that nothing will ever come between us.” John whispered fiercely, “I’m all in, I can’t do this part way. You can’t get bored, and piss off on some adventure without me. You have to say yes, please. You have to say you’ll stay with me.” John was breathing heavy at the end, with red-rimmed eyes of his own.
The tunnel was coming back; John was shaking.
It was like he wanted people to hate him. God knew why, though.
to be alright.
Morag just laughed, blood dribbling from her lips. Sherlock grit his teeth and stamped (John closed his eyes) on her wound. ‘Tell me,’ he commanded.
He was tripping over legs, desperate to get away from her, out of the cinema, and he burst through the door and through the halls, past the paparazzi lining the streets and leapt into the nearest car he could find. He wanted to go home but the palace wasn’t home, it was a prison. An expensive, lavish prison but a prison nonetheless.
‘Leave a note in his locker.’
‘Can you talk?’ John asked, and he sounded oddly nervous and Sherlock was surprised that that didn't annoy him; in fact, it was almost endearing-
That was the thing about James. He was a fucking master manipulator, and his manipulating abilities were never better than when the person he was talking to did actually believe what he was saying, and Sherlock knew that Jim was being truthful. Jim did understand, Jim would never say those things to Sherlock, Jim had always listened to him-
John just shook his head and started unpacking the bags. He couldn't be bothered to get into a massive
Sherlock, who was typing on a new Macbook laptop, grunted. Irene whacked the laptop closed, and Sherlock looked up, staring at her in annoyance. ‘God, Irene, what?’
Sherlock smiled one of those breathtaking smiles but didn't say anything, simply looking upwards at the sky, the moon lighting up his face, a Michelangelo’s David in a small lake in Southern France, staring at the stars.
John smiled, that little side-smile that made Sherlock want to laugh and cry, all at the same time. ‘I know. God, Sherlock, I know, I know,
It gets better after the pool (
Greg smiled, reaching out to pat John on the back as he walked past. ‘Good luck, mate. Let us know how it goes.’ Then, after a pause, ‘I’ve got ten quid on it being a girl, so try and do me proud, yeah?’
‘Time flies, eh?’ Henry laughed. ‘God, Johnny, you’re
John frowned, staring at the wall. He had assumed that Sherlock had started blocking people out after the nanny; she was the one who convinced him he was cursed, and once he thought he was cursed he would have actively tried to disassociate himself from people.
Sherlock loved to dance. Ballet, ballroom, tap, he could do them all to a very high standard but as John pulled him onto the dance floor…
John didn’t answer, eyes fixed on the screen.
He takes Sherlock’s hand in his own. It’s cold and dry, and John raises it to his lips, kissing it gently.
Sherlock was moving forwards, desperate to be near him, to touch him, but John had turned around, walking away from the gathering of people on the front lawn. He didn’t even hesitate to follow him, excitement building up inside as he pressed
‘Dad.’ John groaned. The balcony doors still hadn’t opened, but he was eager to see them. He wondered if Prince Edward or Prince Sherlock would be next to the King. Probably Sherlock, he decided.
‘Sherlock, please.’ Sherlock repeated. ‘I’m in your home, Mrs Watson, and anyway, I’m no better than you just because I happened to be born in a palace.’
Irene told Jim, Jim told Sebby and by the time Sherlock got into school on Monday morning everyone knew. John had been oddly quiet about the whole thing, which had led to Sherlock suspecting that John wasn't as ‘not gay’ as he claimed, which had further led to Sherlock’s absolutely brilliant idea of asking John to the large social gathering involving dancing, secret drinking and everyone pretending to like each other held annually for the year 13’s at Sherwood Grammar School.
‘We’re sneaking out,’ Sherlock grinned. ‘We’re going incognito and walking around London. If I feel like it, I’ll take off my sunglasses and hat and we can hold hands and wave at paparazzo.’
And that was how Sherlock ended up in the back of Mycroft’s limo on the biggest night of his life, sitting opposite his brother, glaring sullenly out of the window.
It was pleasant; two red sofas, a large television, a rocking horse that Sherlock could imagine John playing on as a child in the corner (why did the thought of tiny John cause his brain to short circuit?). On the sofa nearest the window sat two girls, one with cropped blonde hair (
Mike was fun, Molly was useful, Mary was interesting and John- well. John was just
Sherlock frowned; it was a good question, and he looked at Jim suspiciously. ‘How did you get it?’
‘Mycroft found me approximately ninety minutes later. He’d heard the gunshot but had assumed it was a car backfiring. When he came into the room, I was sitting in blood, my mother’s brains soaking my shorts, her blood staining my shoes, and I turned around and said, ‘you’re just in time, Myc. Mummy will wake up soon,’ and there was an expression on his face that I'd never seen before and he- he just picked me up and ran out of the room, scrubbed me all over and pretended I’d never been in there. It was our first big boy secret.’
‘Yeah.’ John confirmed. ‘You’re my first…well. You’re the first I’ve ever gone down on. What about you?’
and before he knows it he’s on a bus and then outside Baker Street, ringing the doorbell.
it was a mistake, don’t make me feel guilty! I never thought I was capable of it!
Trisha was the third person to find out.
John was speechless, literally speechless. Mike muttered something under his breath and pointed at the door before slinking away, blushing furiously. The man rubbed the back of his neck and smiled, for the first time looking slightly nervous. ‘Hmm. John-‘
John wiped his eye with his free hand and chuckled. ‘Sherlock Holmes. Are you asking me to marry you?’
Irene chuckled. ‘You arrogant bugger. I would have you, right here, until you begged for mercy twice.’
The moment John set foot inside the resort, almost one year since he’d last been there, Irene sprinted up to him and wrapped her arms around him.
and Arthur likes it. He sits there and talks to him sometimes, when no one is looking, and sometimes it even feels like he’s listening.
Sherlock coughed and said hoarsely, ‘thanks, Mycroft- AH! VICTOR! Sorry, Mycroft. We’ll be quiet.’
it, he
‘No,’ Becca said, firing again, ‘but I'll take your answer as a yes. So why is it a secret?’
‘What about that time-‘
Sherlock, who was now the King of an empire.
that they were together again.
John Watson was in love with Sherlock Holmes, and he wanted to tell him so badly that he wanted to scream, scream through the crowd of people gathered around the outside of the hospital, scream until his throat was hoarse and his lungs gave up. He wanted to tell Sherlock so badly that he dropped the phone (
phase.’
John hovered anxiously between Lila and the window. ‘Sherlock, I really think you should come over here-‘
‘Hiya.’ The voice was polite, low-pitched and decidedly common. ‘D’you need anymore wine?’
The moment Harry saw the third bedroom she went back into the second and loudly exclaimed, ‘This one is mine.’ John, who didn't want any conflict, just shrugged and dumped his suitcase on the bed.
Archie made his way meekly over to Mycroft, who patted him on the shoulder. Sherlock glared at Morag, half-tempted to tell her to shut up; he hated being called William. No one called him by his first name now, though he could remember a time when someone other than Morag had called him William, as she cradled him, hugged him and tucked him in at night-
John raised an eyebrow but when Molly glanced to her right, John realised what she meant. Irene and Janine were in the corner, totally caught up in each other, and John sighed as he watched Molly’s face crumple. ‘Everything’s so complicated, isn't it?’
‘God, no,’ Victor breaths, and they are kissing again, much more fiercely than before, Victor trying desperately to take off Sherlock’s dinner jacket (the 18
Christopher did, however, prefer Biology to Chemistry and wanted to be a doctor. This made John unexplainably proud.
‘Johnny? Yes, Johnny was with Mike. He’s been here for ages, Sher.’ Jim stood up and offered his hand to Sebby nonchalantly. ‘Care to dance, Sebby?’
‘I forget to mention,’ Sherlock said as he put the picture back on the mantlepiece and sank into his armchair, ‘Tilda came round with something for you from Mycroft.’
Always John. Whatever happened, John was the most important thing in his life (bar his children, of course) and Sherlock was so, so grateful that he had been given him.
, he realised, horrified.
‘I have known that I was a homosexual since I was in my early teens,’ Sherlock said calmly, ignoring the exclamations from below. ‘I have rarely shown interest in women and whilst I am sorry to have hidden this from you, I didn’t think the time was right. If I am totally honest, I have been scared. Scared that I will be judged, scared that I will be mocked, scared that my kingdom will disown me, but I don’t want to hide anymore. I want to think that we have progressed enough as a society that I won’t be judged, mocked or disowned. I want to think that my people will be loyal to me whatever sexuality I am. Most of all, I don’t want to keep my relationship with John Watson a secret anymore because I love him, and I want a family with him, and I want to grow old with him, and I want you all to know that I love him and I want a family with him and I want to grow old with him.’ Sherlock paused and licked his lips, looking down at the still-quiet crowd. ‘John has helped me become brave enough to tell you all this, and I beg you to please, please accept me for who I am. If it bothers you that much to have a homosexual King, I will step down and give the throne to my younger brother, but this will truly be a last resort. I want what is best for my nation and I want the people in it to be happy, including me, and I am happy with John. Thank you.’
that I don't want to not love you, Sherlock.'
Sherlock shuddered and walked over to his father, trying hard not to think about that one person he could never truly forget.
Victor nodded at Sarah. ‘You legal?’
They didn't have sex, that night. There would be time for that later, both of them knew that, and so they slept in Sherlock’s bed, like they’d done when they were children, except now John could hold Sherlock in his arms and call him
what got him riled up and needy. Sherlock shivered and then shook his head, looking away from her and back to his brother. ‘When is it scheduled to start?’
‘We both know you’ll be running the whole thing in a matter of months.’ Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. Mycroft smiled again, clearly proud of himself. ‘No. And it’s not as if the government has a huge role in running the country-‘
’ Jenny spat, ‘walked out on
‘Didn’t think so,’ Irene sighed. ‘Janine?’
the right amount, the perfectly carved chin and those cheekbones, the right incisor biting down on the bottom cupid-bow lip, John felt something he’d never felt before. A tingle, a feeling, right in the very pit of his stomach, and he didn't know what it was but he
unless she was going for some sort of sexual conquest, and John was almost certain she wasn’t.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. ‘Mycroft has too many secrets. I, personally, cannot believe he invited Lady Smallwood.’ The middle-aged woman sitting next to her husband on one of the back tables was laughing, though her eyes had been fixed on Sherlock’s brother for the majority of the reception. ‘Her husband would kill him, and so would Graham-‘
and will not until he stops aging at any point between his eighteenth and fortieth birthdays. Irene hopes he is: Sherlock is not quite sure. The weight of eternity, as he has found, is often unbearable.
) and Octavia (
Sherlock talked about a little boy who had been hit when he didn’t get dressed quickly enough, slapped if he didn’t eat his dinner and pinched if he tried to play the violin or dance. A little boy who was told by the nanny that it was his fault that his mother had died, that he was a curse, and that if he hadn’t been born she would still be alive, and his father would still laugh, and Mycroft would still be at home where he belonged. She told him that everyone would be so much happier if Sherlock just wasn’t there, that he would be a terrible King, and that if he told anyone what she did to him she would tell the King that it was Sherlock’s fault his mother had died, because at the moment the King didn't know that it was all Sherlock's fault, and didn't Sherlock want to keep it that way?
‘Wha-‘ he said loudly, but the person clamped a hand over his mouth. ‘Shh,’ they hissed, and John’s eyes widened as he recognised the voice.
They broke away when Violet said loudly, ‘well, that wasn't at all awkward.’
he’d shouted, and John had been confused.
‘I know,’ Hamish replied, voice hoarse. ‘Your names are too pretentious for you not to be related.’ He paused. ‘My name isn’t Hamish.’
Sherlock had smiled evilly and crouched down. He was naked, he was sweaty, his curls stuck to his forehead and his pupils were huge, and John had never seen anything so sexy in his entire life, and he’d once spent four days watching porn during the floods of 2015-
Rosie squealed in delight and held out her arms. ‘Sher! Sher!’ Upon Mrs Hudson setting her down, she squatted up and climbed the stairs quickly, before throwing herself into her (Uncle? Guardian? Friend?)
Everyone knew how Mycroft and Violet cared for each other. He was wearing this black suit, his hair was combed and he just stood there, crying quietly, as everyone sobbed around him.’
Irene almost spat. ‘Seriously, what’s stuck up your butt?’
‘That’s ridiculous, they’re just big teddy bears, really-‘
John shuddered and pushed his way into the fourth bookshop in an hour. He hadn’t had time to read the sign, he didn’t even know where he was anymore, and as he crossed the threshold the first thing he noticed was the smell.
‘I’m eighteen years old,’ Sarah sniffed.
him, John is still there, with him-
‘Will you to your power cause Law and Justice, in Mercy, to be executed in all your judgements?’
‘But it’s not a no.’ It wasn't a question, but John nodded anyway. ‘Yes. Um. Why do you ask?’
Irene shrugged. ‘Suit yourself, darling. I’ll see you tomorrow. If I’m in.’
‘Go for it,’ Sherlock waved dismissively. ‘If it’s dangerous, we’ll evacuate. If it explodes-‘
He was vaguely aware of someone taking his arm, leading him to Sherlock’s quarters and dumping him in a chair and he could see Sherlock, curled up in his own chair, but they didn’t speak because John couldn’t and Sherlock wouldn’t and now John was thinking about how close Sherlock had come to killing himself and trembling, literally trembling-
‘More, James.’ Sherlock begged.
). Sherlock frowned, eyebrows creasing in that adorably confused way, and looked slightly embarrassed at Trisha’s knowing smirk and Mycroft’s vaguely nauseous expression. ‘At least I didn’t do minutes,’ he muttered to himself.
‘Holmes?’ The older girl said from the sofa. She was now glaring at Sherlock, who sighed. He'd let his guard down when he'd realised that Mrs Watson didn't instantly hate him: he'd forgotten about the less impressed members of John's family.
Sherlock didn’t say anything for a long time, just looking at John. It lasted for long enough that John began to feel uncomfortable and was about to say something when Sherlock said, ‘have you ever seen the person you love most in the world die?’
‘Really?’ Molly looked overly delighted that Sherlock hadn't shot her down immediately and blushed. ‘Oh- well- um-‘
‘Sherlock, it’s boiling hot in here. What do you want to say?’ For June, the weather was oddly warm, and John was sweating in his jacket.
‘Jawn. Jawn, Jawn, Jawn. Can’t have sometimes.’
Leave kudos and comment for faster updates :)
John followed Irene to the end of the pool. About halfway there, John recognised the boy on the first sun bed as Sherlock, albeit longer and thinner (scarily thinner, really) and with even longer hair than last summer, but the boy (man?) on the other bed was a stranger.
Sherlock had leaned forwards in his black chair and whispered, ‘I love to dance.’
No, she was crying for the nineteen year old boy who would have to take over the most powerful empire in the world. She was crying for the nineteen year old boy who she knew would be having an absolutely horrific time at the moment. She was crying for the nineteen year old boy who wouldn’t be, couldn’t be, a boy anymore.
‘You love me,’ John breathes, and Sherlock smiles giddily, because he does, he absolutely does, more than anything, and it is the most brilliant feeling he’s ever experienced. ‘I love you, definitely, I love you, it’s only ever been you, John.’
‘I’m- I’m not,’ John replied shakily.
Henry was looking between he and John in a way that was most disconcerting. It reminded Sherlock of the way John looked at him, sometimes; like he could see everything Sherlock was thinking. John and Sherlock were very similar in that aspect, although while Sherlock deduced pure fact, John deduced emotion.
Sherlock closed his eyes.
to, because he wants to love his and Sherlock’s son, but he can’t, and he doesn't know what he is meant to do.
Felix, perched in between his mother and father, fixes Mycroft with a withering glare (Sherlock feels an intense sense of pride). ‘Daddy is 383 years old, Uncle Myc. He has no time. He might die at any moment.’
John didn't even have to think of a reply. It was instinct, a reflex, to say, ‘More than you could possibly imagine.’
And with that, he strode out of the door, slamming it behind him.
It was like a light had gone out in Sherlock’s eyes. Suddenly they were dark, almost black, and he had moved so quickly John barely registered he was no longer in the chair, instead several feet forwards, just a foot or so from Morag, when he said in a voice so low it actually scared John-
He told of two boys who had met when they were aged fifteen and seventeen, in a dark summer three years before. They were both alone; they were bought together by their shared brilliance. One didn’t see the darkness in the other, one saw the darkness present and made it his goal to manipulate it until it was all that you could see.
‘Etes-vous stupide, ou pouvez-vous pas parler français?’ - Are you stupid, or can you not speak French?
That was how it was with siblings, Sherlock thought fondly. Mycroft still lived in Buckingham, along with Sherlock and his family, with Lestrade, Xander, Talia and Ruthie, whilst Archie toured the world promoting the Holmes empire. He couldn’t imagine growing up with either of them, particularly Mycroft.
hot. ‘It’s preferable to being awkward. Anyone up for some booze?’
It also kept Morag off his back if he and Irene appeared to be in a relationship. They weren’t, but everyone seemed to think that they were; it had been Sherlock’s fault, he supposed. According to the Daily Mail, he had confirmed his relationship with Irene when he had spoken to his empire after the death of his father; Sherlock had been uncharacteristically upset and had just wanted comfort after his speech and had taken Irene’s hand, because when he had done that with John he had always felt better.
There were exactly fifteen responses that Sherlock had anticipated to John’s reply, but that was not one of them, and he cannot believe he missed it. Had the drugs destroyed his brain? Addled his mind? How had he not deduced that, how had he not seen that in John’s face- or clothes- or hands?
The moment they made eye contact, Sherlock had fallen in love.
Talia cooed and Xander stuck his fist in his mouth in a thoughtful way. What intelligent infants, Sherlock thought fondly. ‘I understand why he could be frustrated but he’s downright mean. It isn’t my fault.’
Mike had chucked the phone at him and Sherlock had caught it easily (PE was the only thing that Sherlock was outright better than Mycroft at. Whilst Mycroft struggled to run for half an hour on the treadmill Sherlock was naturally incredibly fit, with excellent hand-eye coordination and the grace of a dancer) before typing out the text and walking back over to Mike to hand over the phone. As he gave the phone back, he caught the new boy’s eye.
The boy tensed before relaxing and turning around, making immediate eye contact with Sherlock.
‘I’m always right.’ John smirked. Sherlock laughed again, giddy with joy and relief and happiness, and said, ‘we both know I’m the clever one.’
‘Completely right,’ John breathed, scarcely able to believe what the boy had just done. ‘That was-‘
All he knew was that if John ever found out, then John would leave him.
Dick shrugged. ‘Bad luck for you, mate.’
‘Yes.’ Sherlock said calmly. ‘His name was Mycroft Edward, originally, but Morag made my dad change it to something princely. My mother never called him anything but Mycroft, though. He never says it, but that’s why Mycroft looks after me as he does.’
let it get away, not now.
He was going to go to his bedroom, but he always felt lonely when John wasn’t there, so he padded to the third floor, which was Mycroft and Lestrade’s. When they were married, Lestrade had wanted to move away, but Mycroft had insisted they stay. He said it was because he wanted to be close to the work and near to Sherlock because Sherlock always got important information first, and Mycroft needed to be there to help, but Sherlock suspected it was because, in his own way, Mycroft was still looking out for him and protecting him, just as he had when they were children.
‘Shut up!’ Sherlock shouted, and the Irish boy just stared at him as he tried to tear the sheets off him; James was still fully-dressed, why had Sherlock been the only one who was stripped naked? ‘I need to find him-‘
John had no idea what Jim meant, though Sherlock nodded, still gazing at John. ‘Yes.’ How he could be so remarkably calm, John had absolutely no idea; his head was spinning and he was so scared he felt like he was about to black out.
John had thought about this moment since the day his father had left.
‘Body parts.’
Morag just rolled her eyes. ‘I found out some, ah, pieces of information that Violet truly didn’t want anyone to know about. She married your father quite suddenly. A young girl, poor background, a whirlwind romance. You were born less than nine months after you were wed; your grandmother,’ her lip curled, ‘insisted on it. William loved your mother more than anything, but the feeling was not exactly mutual.’
‘Right.’ Mrs Watson whispered, almost crying. ‘Ok. I’m sorry, your majesty.’
dummy, I’m trying to help you.’
anything else in his life.
He couldn’t believe he had just said that, said what he had tried to supress for the last nineteen years, said it actually out loud, said what could quite possibly be the biggest secret the royal family had ever kept.
His life without Sherlock is a life without living: his life without Sherlock is, in a word, non-existent. He cannot comprehend moving forwards without Sherlock by his side, of living and breathing and existing without him. For John Watson, there is no life, no world and therefore no future without Sherlock Holmes: he cannot,
Plus he had a weakness for danger and the thought of getting into trouble, of proving that he wasn’t just a golden boy with no personality, was strangely thrilling. Especially if the people he got into trouble with were the royal family.
Hamish grinned. ‘Point taken.’ He seized the wine, looked around quickly, and then nodded at the door. ‘Come with me.’
‘Oh, hey Sherlock. I didn't know if you’d pick up.’ It was John, Sherlock realised absentmindedly, but he didn't want to talk to him at the moment, he had a job to do. ‘Oh, John. Greetings.’
‘You’re still a cock,’ Hamish supplied, and Sherlock shook his head. ‘I might be a cock, but am I as
‘No.’ Siger also looked around, before looking at Sherlock anxiously. ‘Have you eaten today?’
They picked up John’s friends on the way, John briefly explaining that he had made friends with the hot boy at the drinks table and he was taking them somewhere, even as Mary scowled and Sarah rolled her eyes and Molly stared with adoration at Sherlock’s back. They weaved through the crowd, John trying
‘Tell me, John.’ William continued. ‘Did you actively try and make my son a homosexual? Did you deliberately turn him towards ideas so unnatural, so nauseating, so wrong? Did you-‘
'You won't send me away,' John said suddenly, lips still touching Sherlock's, foreheads together, and Sherlock laughed because the idea of him actively sending John away was just stupid, ridiculous, idiotic. 'I am never letting you go, John Watson,' he whispered. 'Not for as long as I live.'
‘He’s clearly up to something,’ Irene murmured, and Sherlock shrugged, still watching Lady Smallwood: his left arm was itching, just where the needle had penetrated his vein, and he felt itchy and tight and hot. ‘He can do what he wants.’ He groaned and put his head on the table, curly black hair splaying all over (including Irene’s plate: she surreptitiously moved it, wanting to save the potatoes). ‘I need a
Why Sherlock had allowed that, he would never know. But it was too late now, and as much as Sherlock tried to convince himself he had been happy alone, it had been nothing compared to how he felt whenever John was with him. He was far too selfish to send John Watson away now: he didn't think he would be able to live through that. The risk of John getting hurt didn't even outweigh the thought of banishing him- Sherlock could never do that to John.
Sherlock smiled at her. ‘Thank you, Charlotte-‘
‘Psychopath.’ Jim said, mocking offense. ‘Please.’
John didn’t come back.
‘I thought I recognised him!’ John burst out. ‘Lord Victor Rupert Trevor!’
‘The man gripped the back of his neck and hauled him down to his height, clashing their lips together. Sherlock gripped his wrist and gasped at the burning sensation exactly where the man was holding him in a vice-like grip. What was
John forgot to breathe.
Siger led the way to security, his hand placed firmly on Sherlock’s shoulder. Siger had been his champion over the past few weeks, desperately trying to make Sherlock happy, but it was hard to explain to Siger why, exactly, he wanted to stay, because Sherlock couldn’t actually figure out the real reason why.
Sherlock finally, finally, let go of John’s dick and stood up, John’s ejaculate glistening around his mouth. His own dick looked painfully hard but he appeared to be ignoring it, looking at John. ‘Well. That was impressive-‘
liked them.
Sherlock grabbed his erection and started to move his hand up and down the shaft and over the sensitive head. He stroked fast and hard. John looked down between them at Sherlock’s hand, at his own cock sinking into Sherlock, and said hoarsely, “Can you come?”
John giggles, and can’t stop. Sherlock joins in and they enjoy companionable chuckles and some good-natured head-shaking for a few moments. John looks into Sherlock’s eyes and says, “Sherlock.”
“Listening to me. I never talk this much,” he smiled.
John had limped into his life and grabbed his dark black heart into his tiny strong hands. Sherlock panicked. He was gulping, trying to get air, and sank to the floor on his knees.
John arrived first, ordered a brewed coffee, and sat at a table in the back corner of the shop. Nervous, excited, slightly annoyed, he fiddled with the tiny sugar packets on the table. He saw Sherlock approaching the shop from down the street, cigarette in his hand as usual. He stared and held his breath, watching as Sherlock dropped his smoke. Before he even entered the shop, he had found John’s eyes through the window. John exhaled a huge breath in relief, or amusement, or both. There was something to this. It was real. They had a connection that John couldn’t deny, at all, any longer.
“Show me,” said John.
“All right?” Sherlock croaked out, barely loud enough to be heard.
“Gladly.”
“You are a drug addict.”
Her voice was soft and her face was so beautiful, he felt immediately at ease.
Shoreditch House was a warm, well-appointed private club that reminded him of a comfortable beach house but was huge and rambling. Every room was full of intimate spaces with comfortable looking lounge areas. There were several bars and a few rooms had intimate round tables where people were dining. The woman took him to a very small room with only a few couches and soft music playing. Two of the walls were floor to ceiling windows, making the room perfect for a photo shoot. He wondered if he would actually be modeling.
“What?” He tried not to pout.
“You were mostly correct.”
“Oh good,” he said, distracted once more.
“How long will it take?” John said as they walked into Greg’s office.
Sherlock looked at John and smiled. John knew he wanted to show off, and John wanted him to show off so that they could get to the next part. The kissing.
Sherlock knew he had gotten him back.
He was clearly experiencing some kind of temporary insanity. Someone had been feeding him lies, or misinformation. How could John be under the impression that he was not Sherlock’s ideal man. His ideal mate. He relaxed just a bit as he realized all he needed to do was convince John of that fact.
John seemed shocked into stillness, which lasted about three seconds. He surged up and grabbed Sherlock’s face, crashing their lips together. His chest was heaving as he panted out, “Yes...oh, god, yes...I want that.”
When John had first come upstairs with the basket full of fresh whites, he assumed that Sherlock was in the bedroom. It was quiet and that’s where he’d left him. But a few minutes later, Sherlock had come tearing into the main room, full of his normal manic energy. He looked like a giant cat, stalking back and forth from window to window, cocking his head at every sound coming from the street. John could only hear traffic noise and shouting now and again.
She looked at him innocently, a bit too innocently, he thought. “I meant he left for a fantastic shag with a sexy bit of rough. Jealous?” He knew she meant to provoke him with that.
“War photographer, hurt badly in a friendly fire incident right after the Reuter’s journalists. You were shot in the…right?...I’m not sure...shoulder. You weren’t supposed to be where you were and you were going to get someone important to you in trouble. Getting shot was inconvenient like that. You were snuck out of the war zone. You left the country, rehabbed in London or the States, and reinvented yourself as an edgy fashion photographer.”
“Case if we’re lucky. I live in hope,” he sighed. “But probably just a few experiments. Check on the dust in your old room. And Molly gave me a kidney whose unfortunate former owner was an infrequent synthetic cathinone user.”
He entered the sitting room and scanned it until his eyes fell upon mine. I attempted to school my face into a friendly smile. My nerves (irritatingly) made this difficult. However, as I excel at play-acting, I assumed that I succeeded.
Sherlock could only imagine what he was planning. He couldn’t wait.
John smiled wistfully but said nothing.
Sherlock had the fleeting thought that if John tried to open the door and he was still sitting against it his arm might get jostled and that would probably fucking hurt. Without further consideration, and out of sheer instinctual self-preservation, he shuffled away from the door so that he was sitting on the floor with his back to the tub, facing the door. John did not count to three, but opened the door in four seconds.
Sherlock mumbled into his shoulder, “That’s good.”
by them each year. Some very influential men in the Middle East will pay huge sums of money to satisfy their homosexual urges clandestinely in countries where that sort of thing is punishable by death. Sickening, really. The whole thing has been quite distasteful.” Mycroft made a face that matched his last statement.
(See the end of the chapter for
John watched Sherlock from a dark corner of the bar. He was acting as bartender and was wearing the disguise he’d dreamed up the previous day. Well, he was wearing the actual disguise, not the pants-less version they both had enjoyed for hours yesterday. He wore the mesh t-shirt, paired with snug black jeans, the Doc Marten boots, but he wasn’t wearing the dumb wool hat. Instead, his hair was slicked back away from his face. He wore two matching leather cuffs on his wrists. John really, really liked those cuffs. They were giving him some very creative, very provocative ideas.
It was eating at me. I had to do something to remind myself who I was. I could not let a gorgeous, muscular, endlessly fascinating war hero medical doctor derail what was a perfectly sterile and efficient life. The work afforded me intrigue, almost enough money to live in my chosen home, and enough stimulation so that I could resist the seven percent temptation. Resistance to John Watson’s charms was what I needed.
“I’ll be here. Whatever you need.”
Of course Sherlock had gone.
“I…you’re my best friend. My...most important person,” he weakly smiled. “You are it all.”
A chaste peck to his lips was all he got before John said, “Lay on your back. Here.” John helped him to maneuver around the duvet so that when he finally settled he would be underneath it.
How did he look? Like a gorgeous ex-soldier hiding something wonderful beneath those jeans. Like a beautiful, loyal friend who made me feel like I wanted to be a better man. Like a frighteningly strong and damaged doctor who would break your bones as easily as he would heal them. Like a light in a dark room. Like the most intriguing puzzle I had ever studied. Like mouth-watering desire personified.
“Mm…” After that, they stayed silent except for a few sharp breaths, and wet slurping noises.
"I'm sorry. I was half asleep. Forget it. Delete it." John quickly made his way to the wardrobe to get some clothes and his dressing gown. "Did Lestrade call? Do I have time for a shower?"
McGregor, as the firearms officer, unholstered his Glock and held it in front of him. “Sir, I suggest we go in.”
They clinked glasses together again and after his sip, Sherlock said with a cheeky wink, “Anything special we’re celebrating.”
“No, no, no, no, no, no, no, John. You must understand. Please,” he begged. He used his index finger to lift John’s chin so he could look into midnight blue eyes. “You are the bravest and kindest and wisest human being I have ever had the good fortune of knowing. You saved me. You saved me so many times.”
Sherlock writhed and bounced. His energy was much higher than the night before when emotions were running high and the end of the case was upon them.
Immediately, the reply came from just outside of the bedroom door, “Here, love. I’m right here.”
“I’m Eve. I’ll take you.”
John didn’t look away from the blonde woman as Sherlock watched for a full minute. Maybe he hadn’t heard his phone. Or maybe he was ignoring it because he didn’t want to be rude.
Sherlock’s only response was to walk towards the clothes rack. He shrugged on the big coat and turned to look at John. “Lovely,” he said, and pointed Sherlock towards a dark corner.
“Mycroft knew you were taken and was looking for you too.”
“Whoa!” John said, looking up at Sherlock.
“What is it? Headache?”
“The sofa.”
“I don’t love it,” he pouted.
“You’re going to be sorry you said that.”
”I know it has only been a couple of weeks since we started this…but can I?” He hesitated for a beat before he said, “I will love you until my heart stops. There is nothing that I want more than to spend my life with you. Like this. Do you? Do you think we could do that?”
Thanks for reading! I am
John didn’t say anything for a long time. He let his eyes roam over Sherlock’s upturned face. He reached out his hand and stroked his index and middle fingers along Sherlock’s upper lip. Next his lower lip. Finally, his cheekbones and down the length of his nose. He let his hand drop to his other hip.
Sherlock just smiled and lowered his face to take a sip, not really looking at John anymore.
Sherlock couldn’t stand when Victor was angry with him. He seemed to be the only person that could make Sherlock want to be better. He loved his friend and maybe it wouldn’t be so bad to be kissed.
It wasn’t prudent. It wasn’t professional. This young addict was exquisite and troubled and possibly attached to an ex-lover from his youth. John would be unwise to get involved with Sherlock. But he was so brilliant and heart-stoppingly beautiful. John had rarely felt so powerless against his own longing.
Sherlock adored this version of John. When he showed his wicked, naughty side. He could talk with this John for hours. He tried to coax some stories out of him.
Sherlock said, “But not every surface. We still have the chair by the door, each dining table chair, the kitchen table, the little table and chairs in the kitchen, both flights of stairs, not to mention the floor. There’s lots of floor space, John.”
Crumpled in the corner behind the desk, he saw what looked like a body completely covered with an old blanket. Cautiously, he approached the bundle and noted the motion of very rapid breathing. He heard another very quiet moan coming from one end of the blanket.
“You can do more than dream.”
“Huge is the perfect way to describe him,” Sherlock mumbled. Mycroft glared at him.
Sherlock bucked his hips into John’s fist. He tightened his fist on John’s cock and moved his hand faster. It was too hard, too fast but neither of them minded. They claimed orgasms from each other right there against the door, moaning loudly, uncaring whether Mrs. Hudson or anyone else could hear.
He asked her to marry him at a posh restaurant that he couldn’t afford. It was awkward, like they were playing at being adults. Mary, ever the atypical personality, stared at him for a long time with an inscrutable look on her face. She looked down at the petite gold band with the tiny diamond perched above it and smiled. When she looked back at John, grinning, she said, “Fucking hell, I can’t believe this but let’s get married.”
“John,” he pleaded, heart racing. If John was not taking the piss, then there was about to be monumental shift of 8.0 earthquake proportions. He loved John, was attracted to John, wanted to plaster himself against John and never move. The only reason he had not thrown himself at John’s feet was that his friend had always declared “I am not gay.” Sherlock had heard it countless times since the day after they met.
Greg clapped him on the shoulder once and said, “Your eyes look clear.” His meaning was not lost on anyone in the room and Sherlock nodded his head with a slight smile. John looked at them together, thankful that Sherlock had this man in his life.
. Sherlock’s lip quivered but he recovered before anyone but she and John could see.
After two beats I opened my mouth to take a breath and he said, “Well, uh...I’m headed upstairs to change,” and nodded to the ground. As he headed quickly upstairs, I closed my mouth, teeth clicking away the aborted words.
He hummed. He stood over him, blocking the sun on John’s face. His hair dripped onto the light hair of John’s shins. John picked up a small, smooth piece of bone, worn from its time spent in the sand. He rubbed his fingers across the small eye socket and down the bill’s point. Sherlock said, “Gull?”
At first, he felt fine. His balance was excellent and he’d been on skates before, many times. It had been years, but it isn’t something you forget. He even sort of got into it.
He stood in the corner, just watching. He let his eyes devour John’s bare skin, his surprisingly thick thighs, the soft light fur that covered the whole surface, the bulge of his pectoral muscles, his biceps flexing in his tight t-shirt.
As his vision went fuzzy and sharp, fuzzy and sharp, he felt hands at his belt, tugging and slipping it free from his jeans. He tried to say something, yell ‘no’ or ‘help’ or something. His jaw wouldn’t move, he couldn’t move his lips. Heavy. And so sleepy.
Sherlock smirked, knowing exactly what almost happened, and said with mock innocence, “Why not?”
“Very good. They’ll be there.”
John yelped and said, “Cheeky.”
John finally moved away to trail his hands down to Sherlock’s shoelaces. He shivered at the sensation of cooling fabric on his cock. His shoes and socks removed, John moved back up Sherlock’s body to kneel between his legs. John watched him as his eyes wandered back to John’s erection. John flattened his palm against the head of his own cock covering it from Sherlock’s stare. John’s pleasure at his own touch danced across his face and Sherlock couldn’t wait until his own hand or tongue or...something else caused John’s face to look that way.
Sherlock leaned forward and copied Victor’s kisses exactly.
Immediately their tongues twisted and slid across each other. Sherlock wriggled and moaned wantonly. John made him feel needy and desperate. And he knew exactly what he was doing, how to touch Sherlock to tease out the most delicious pleasurable sensations all over his skin, from his nerve endings on his skin to a place deep within his center.
“Dull.”
Naked. He was not wearing clothes.
Sherlock chuckled and all of the shells from his left arm slipped off.
“Thank you,” he breathed.
“We’ve got two,” one of them said into the radio on her shoulder. She lowered her weapon. The other one did not, Sherlock noted with dismay. “Names?” They told her at the same time, each with their hands up. Each officer holstered their weapons, raised their hands placatingly in front of them, and moved further into the room.
He sunk down onto the bed on his right side, his head was buried in John’s pillow, feet still on the floor. He inhaled and tried not to think. The pillow smelled of John’s sensible shampoo, his light cologne, and a bit of musk from the heat and sweat they had shared just that morning. He tried not to think about how disappointed and furious John was with him, but humiliation and sadness gripped him again, and he started breathing heavily. John would make sure he was taken care of, but he was convinced John would someday tire of putting up with his shit.
Sherlock groaned and thrust once more and then he was coming. His brain buzzed and although his eyes were half-open he couldn’t see a thing. Sweet, throbbing tension moved up his legs, through his balls, and pulsated through his stiff cock. He grunted, moaning through gritted teeth, riding out his blissful fluttering climax. He spilled between them, creating more slick, allowing John to thrust faster.
Tough-Guy sputtered and the woman finally looked up from her phone at Sherlock. Her eyebrows knitted together, and her mouth pursed into an unpleasant pucker.
Soft. So slow, agonizingly slow. Sliding, wet, slow, wet, hot - scorching, blazing - fevered kisses. John held tight to Sherlock’s hand in one of his and tangled his other in Sherlock’s silky curls. Sherlock fit him, knew him, wanted him, played him, made him want like he’d never wanted anything before. This was not just physical desire. It was that, yes, of course. But this was more. It was a bone-deep want that had John’s brain flashing images, like still photos from a behind-the-scenes movie featurette. Sherlock and John laughing over tea in the early morning light over the scratched dining room table in Baker Street. Them, entwined under piles of warm blankets, fast asleep but somehow John fully aware of that feeling of
“It’s sort of funny.”
John leaned over and said, “Come up to the bar with me?”
He laughed and handed me his menu without ever opening it. Our server approached and I ordered our meal and a nice bottle of Pinot Gris.
He had missed it and it destroyed him. He needed to go back six years, take this new information, and re-evaluate every touch, every word of praise, every lip lick and lingering look. As the panic and anger left his body, a very tiny, very frightening flame of hope flared within his breast.
John traced his initials into the skin over Sherlock’s heart. He smiled.
John was absolutely not listening to him, because he said, “Yes, an excellent idea,” as he plopped into a dining table chair, dislodging some papers, which fluttered to the floor. John folded his arms on the table and plonked his head on top of them. “‘M drunk,” he slurred, turning the word ‘drunk’ into a three syllable word.
Victor tilted his head to the side in contemplation and blinked rapidly. Sherlock’s brows knitted together as Victor winced in pain.
He rolled his eyes back and breathed in a huge gust of air.
Sherlock looked up at him quickly, brows furrowed and eyes flashing a challenge.
I scoffed. That was impossible. “She seemed to enjoy your company when you practically sprinted up the stairs together.”
“He’s going to be fine, love.”
“I don’t want to do it. I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Hey mate, maybe leave the questions to me?” He raised his eyebrows and hands in a non-threatening gesture.
John was almost done on the rooftop when he heard quiet but quick footfalls coming closer. He whirled around, dropping his camera into the bag beside him, shielding it from view with his body. His hands shot up, he widened his eyes, the corners of his lips went up slightly which made his face the perfect picture of innocence.
John licked around and around for a moment then pushed his lips over the head of Sherlock’s cock, concentrating the increasingly strong suction there. He closed his eyes and put his hand in John’s hair, feeling the short, soft blonde and grey strands at his crown. John hummed again and he shuddered hard. “Fuck,” he said again, extending the word to sound more like a groan. He gripped John’s hair, shivering with the effort not to come. He was savouring the sensation but wanted something more. He looked down and saw John watching him, arse in the air, one hand on each of their cocks. John was pulling furiously at his own erection. He groaned again.
John would always follow him.
Greg looked confused.
Sherlock nodded sluggishly, as if in a dream, and slowly opened his eyes. He smiled down at John and seemed to understand. There was always another model or photographer waiting to steal your next job. One had to answer texts and calls immediately or else you’d miss out. “I’ll wait for you in there, shall I?” Sherlock nodded his head in the direction of the bedroom.
Trigger warning: there is implied non-con for a young drug-using Sherlock (this is something John wonders about but is not talked about or confirmed).
“My flat?” They'd never talked about where John lived.
“Nice to meet you, John.” She turned to Sherlock and said, “Now go on up. Everything’s ready for you.”
If you can stand the pain, this chapter has to do with
A horrifying and disappointing deduction popped into my brain. From everything I knew about my new friend, I had my doubts but the deduction was there anyway.
John’s glare was so murderous, so frighteningly full-body, that she stopped moving or making a sound immediately.
“Good,” he grumbled, “Bloody terrible driver.”
“You aren’t.”
Instead of answering, John kissed him again and squeezed him just a bit tighter. “G’night, love.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Once spread on the table, John looked through every photo, e-mail printout, internet history, receipt, invoice, and resume hoping that something would jog his memory. After all, he knew Mary very well for a time. He knew her when she was turning into whatever she now was.
“John.”
“You’re fucking brilliant.”
“I know, but get down anyway while we find out what’s going on.” McGregor was clearly losing patience with this civilian. John had been there before, many times. He rolled his eyes and stayed down. Inaction was going to kill him before McGregor ever could.
John was still staring at Sherlock when, without moving, he said, “You should move into my room.”
“Champagne. Very nice.” John threw his suitcase on the bed and looked out at the view. The small cottage was made up of a small kitchenette in one corner, a big bed taking up most of the main room, and a tiny loo in the corner. The whole thing was hoisted up almost two stories on stilts and large windows from each four walls opened to full ocean views on one side and tropical trees on the other. There were no other houses nearby and it seemed like they were all alone in the world. Their own private paradise.
“Nothing,” he said, rubbing his lips thoughtfully, “It’s nothing.”
Sherlock wandered back towards their room muttering, “Perhaps I should brush up on my Baritsu…”
“What’s gotten into you?”
on Tumblr. I love John and Sherlock and I know you do too.
John smiled and pushed himself up to kiss Sherlock’s lips. He immediately wrapped John up in his arms. He let his hands roam as they kissed. The feeling of John’s smaller body pressed against his chest, their hips and cocks aligned, John’s legs pressed between his, was comfort and excitement and warm affection. John reached under them and squeezed his arse pressing them closer together. Their erections slid across, around, up and down, together. Their tongues tangled together, wet, slick friction driving him crazy. John placed his hand between them, creating a space for them to align and slide. He gasped when John landed a particularly well-placed thrust. The friction was perfect and he was going to come. He wanted to come with John in his arms, on his body, in his bed. John moved his mouth to his neck sucking kisses from his collarbone to just behind his ear. He heard John’s breath coming faster and felt his thrusts becoming more rhythmic, stronger, harder.
Sherlock loved sucking Victor’s cock.
“So Obnoxious James is James Wilder...and Graham the assistant. We find him, we find Sherlock and Victor.” He didn’t dare say out loud that they might find Jack after all of these years but a tiny glimmer of hope flared in his chest at the possibility.
John studied his face. He said it with no sorrow so John believed that they were now simply good friends. He got the impression that Sherlock was telling him something he didn’t expect to.
Graham entered the small room. “Sherlock! Hello,” he enthused. Before Sherlock could protest, Graham had embraced him and placed air kisses on each cheek. It took all of his usually inconsiderable self-control to not roll his eyes.
John reacted to Sherlock’s quiet, yet desperate, tone immediately. He looked at Sherlock over the top of the glasses, eyebrows raised questioningly.
I waited for a reply and when none came I tried again, “Mrs. Hudson!”
I narrowed my eyes, “I am fairly inexperienced in the ways of love, however, I believe that sex dates are supposed to last longer.”
When he finally had it fastened and tugged his sweatshirt over it, John looked up to meet his eyes. John shook his head and rubbed the back of his neck self-consciously. Sherlock smiled knowingly which made him blush.
“Well, clearly this guy is alive. He was in that room.”
They heard a thud and fabric rustling.
John walked to Sherlock’s bedroom door and knocked softly. He heard a quick scrape of something on the door and a muffled breath. Sherlock must be sitting right there, on the floor. John sat down too.
He was dimly aware that he was probably choking John and threw his hands out to his sides. “Oh my god,” he whispered.
Sherlock continued his assault of kisses and said, “Crazy for you.”
“Mmmm….”
John smiled a huge radiant grin, “No, we didn’t.” Sherlock frowned a bit, so John added, “But someday…” Sherlock’s face transformed immediately, his beautiful lips tugging up at the corners as his face burst into a blinding smile.
“Friend of mine works for the city.”
“Ahhhmmmmm,” Sherlock hummed, open mouthed between John’s cheeks.
“We need to meet,” John said against his better judgement but he didn’t want to discuss this on the phone. There were too many instances over the years of clicks and static on his mobile line. He changed phones often but the noises always started up again a few weeks after activation. He’d worked with people over the years on very sensitive projects. He’d suspected many people - his German former boss, Mary, that Russian client, even James Sholto. Lots of powerful and secretive people had trusted him over the years. He knew he was paranoid, but told himself he was just cautious.
“Sofa.”
“There are others. Can you find the ones who’ve already been taken?”
Instead his face lost all color and he looked hurt. Devastated really, like John had betrayed him. John couldn’t imagine what he had done to hurt Sherlock.
Sherlock half-sobbed, half-snorted at that.
Sherlock woke sometime before dawn judging by the soft grey light filtering in through the windows. The first thing he realized was that he was still wearing his jeans and t-shirt. He remembered everything. The kiss, John’s phone call, falling asleep simply because he was comfortable, full, and slightly drunk. He had wanted to kiss John again but the pull of sleep was too much. He hadn’t slept in sixty-seven hours.
He dared to reach for John’s belt, just resting his hand on the buckle. He didn’t want to anger John, but he wanted to feel him.
“Sherlock,” he said, his tone sharp, “Were you out...are you sober now or still high?”
“Let me take a look at what I've got, stay right there, love.”
I narrowed my eyes at him, “Do you?”
“Buying a gift for my boyfriend.”
John looked down and frowned. He had been desperately in love with James and it was unfair that their time together was so short. “Very.” He stayed quiet for several long minutes. He didn’t know how to explain the next part. He didn’t even know most of what happened himself. Sherlock stayed quiet, for which he was grateful.
“I do love you. I couldn’t really say clearly it before,” Sherlock chuckled. John laughed and kissed his temple. “I didn’t think I’d ever have a real friend, much less...what we have.” He looked up at John’s face and placed his hand along his jaw. “You are more important to me than anything, even the work.”
“Yes, now that you’re part of the work.”
After several moments of wet and delicious kissing, the corners of John’s mouth quirked up, exposing his teeth in a huge smile. Sherlock pulled away to smile back. The giggling started and since they couldn’t really kiss through the excited laughing, they simply went back to the tight hug they’d started with. They rocked back and forth until the laughter turned into something softer and they could look at one another again.
Were he and John…in…love? Holy fuck. No. He had spent his whole life feeling active disdain for such a sentiment.
“I’m...I’ve...I have.”
“I’ll see you in a tick.”
“...here soon.”
Sherlock began to lay out the details, designing the actions to the best of his ability. His hands waved wildly in front of his face. He touched his lips and brow. He ran fingers rapidly through his curls, occasionally pulling when his words wouldn’t come. He took the salt, pepper, a napkin, and a spoon and moved them around the table, orchestrating the moves he thought they should make and the outcomes they would produce.
He rose slowly and model-walked towards her.
Sherlock held him tight and awkwardly walked him backwards to the nearest flat, comfortable space - his bed.
“Oh. Boyfriend, then?”
John seemed to sense the change and growled into his neck. “God, the taste of you.” Sherlock moaned. John moved his hands and mouth down his body, biting hard at each nipple. Sherlock gasped at each pinch, suck, and bite. John licked down the length of his cock, until he nudged his nose under his balls. He swiped his tongue along his perineum. Sherlock was afraid he might come.
“All right, I’m going to just go,” Lestrade said, gesturing towards the door, “and you just speak normally for a few minutes. Well, as normal as you can for you,” Lestrade said, smiling at his own barb.
Mycroft walked down the stairs without another word. Sherlock was fairly confident they wouldn’t be seeing him for a while and let out an exasperated sigh. “I’m going to text Victor,” he said, grabbing his phone and typing furiously. “What are your plans for the rest of today?”
What Sherlock wanted, Sherlock usually got. Sometimes John benefited (greatly) from this.
“Good. Beautiful. Thank you.”
John blushed and stammered, “Um. No. Um…I’m not...um..”, looking down at his feet.
Sherlock smiled and sighed in relief, “Yes, it’s me.”
Sherlock smirked at his brother’s sneer. He went on to brief Victor and Sherlock about their second operation of the night and promised to keep them informed.
Sherlock turned away from John and skated as fast as he could towards the exit. He made it to the edge of the ice and stopped abruptly, nearly falling again, when his skates hit the rubber mat on the other side of the rink’s wall.
John woke up alone, just like he feared.
“I’m not allowed, though. Poor you.”
When he walked into the kitchen, he saw the note scrawled on the abandoned chalkboard. It was a simple “I’m sorry - SH”.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock inhaled sharply and closed his eyes. “John,” he whispered. He swallowed and when he opened his eyes, they were just a tiny bit shinier. “No one has ever said that to me.”
Sherlock turned back to the photos on his wall and said, “Who’s this?”
“The dishes,” he yelled, “Now get off me!” John pushed hard, arse to pelvis. This had the desired effect of causing the big posh limpet to stumble backwards, which allowed John to do three things simultaneously. He turned quickly, flicked sudsy water at Sherlock’s face, and yelled, “Git!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock looked down and moved his left hand to stroke firmly in time with his lips, up and down John’s shaft. He was sort of crouched over John’s leg and every few strokes his hot, heavy erection would brush against John’s shin.
Sherlock made a soft whining noise and willed his thoughts to quiet by focusing on his breathing.
He held out his hand and said, “C’mere.”
He stared into the darkness, eventually rods and cones picked up faint light, a bit of color. He was on his side, head on the floor. Hands restrained behind him. Ankles restrained too.
Sherlock loved doing this to John. No one had ever done it before him and pride swelled within him for helping John to expand his knowledge of how his body could experience physical pleasure.
Sherlock stared at his laptop in horror. This blog post was different. Final.
John reached up and tentatively placed both hands on either side of Sherlock’s neck. “Are you all right?” He let his eyes wander over Sherlock’s features. The maniac was still smiling, grinning even.
Relaxed and resolved to simply tell John how I felt, I emerged from the bath without touching my needy prick. I dried my body and wrapped the towel around my head. I walked naked into my bedroom to choose an outfit for the day. I belatedly realized that my door was open. I would have to remember that I shared rooms now. Lucky for me, John was still not home. I shut the bedroom door and resumed my search for trousers and a shirt. My sock index chose for me and I dressed quickly, toeing on the Yves Saint Laurents. I grabbed the Belstaff on the way out the door, veering left to enter Speedy’s.
John just hummed.
Jack blushed and tried to catch his breath.
I sighed.
Graham took over the proceedings and said, “There are four. And it’s three hundred for all of them. We’re ready to transfer the four overnight to the location of your choosing.”
“What happened to you out there?”
John went deadly still and immediately thought of Jack. He didn’t think about Mary or Jack or any of it very often, it had been years and years. But the combination of Sherlock’s words and quiet desperation had the image of blonde hair and perfectly symmetrical green eyes springing to the forefront of his brain.
Please come and say hello on Tumblr at
Sherlock sat up and slowly took the pills from John’s warm hand. His shame kept his eyes from moving to John’s face.
Epilogue
“John. John. John!” he chanted, panting into John’s open mouth. He alternated between thrusting up into John's fist and bouncing his arse cheeks on John's cock.
“But what?” John asked.
The model cringed at John’s killer smile and deadpan delivery, but he repeated, “I know you.” His eyes were wide with recognition and slight panic.
“Like rabbits, John.”
They listened for a few tense moments before they heard shouting. Several people were shouting, “Stop!” and “No!” and “Hands up!” Voices tripped and overlapped so no one voice could be distinguished from another. Until they heard one last gunshot. John gasped a sharp breath as he heard Mary scream.
Sherlock stared at John, both hands tightening into fists.
John clenches his muscles around Sherlock, staving off ejaculation, grabbing at the base of his cock, squeezing slightly. He is still moving with tiny thrusting movements and his cock is pulsing. Sherlock knows he’s having his first orgasm and stills, flexing his buttocks to hold his cock against John’s prostate. He watches, completely fascinated, and enormously turned on. He can feel the rhythmic throbbing inside of John. John’s eyes are closed, mouth hanging open, making small grunting noises as his whole body shakes. After almost a full minute, he lets the rest of his breath out in a long whoosh and looks down at Sherlock.
Whatever it was, Sherlock wanted to protect it, protect John, and ride this out for as long as John could stand it. Could stand him. He hoped it was a long time. His brain offered the word
. Sherlock reached out his hand and John took it, clasped it like a handshake, rubbed his thumb over Sherlock’s and promptly fell back asleep.
“Ahhh,” he moaned at the loss of contact.
“So cute,” he continued, teasing.
“Good impression.”
He was satisfied to note that at the first second of recognition, there was fear in her eyes. Instantly, it was replaced by a defiant sneer. And infuriatingly, she began to laugh. Full of derision, she said, “Oh my god, what are
To his everlasting dismay, his phone chimed for an incoming text. Mike’s alert sound.
“I will, John.”
Sherlock’s face softened and he smiled, “I want that too.”
“A few months.”
“All right?”
Sherlock yelped at John’s sharp bite. John muttered, “Sorry, love,” but did not sound sorry at all. He pulled Sherlock’s curls to shift his head to the other side and went to work on the other side of his neck. “I can’t get enough of you.” He licked and sucked dark bruises into Sherlock’s skin.
The combination of his scalp pain, John’s rough lips sucking at his neck and his warm, small hand expertly working his leaking cock drove most of Sherlock’s brain functions off-line. All he could think of was the building pleasure buzzing through him.
“No, I don’t think you can offer me what I need.” He didn’t quite sneer, but it was clear that he was not impressed with John’s politeness. John was not about to “offer him what he needed,” or what this young addict thought he needed. This boy didn’t need more...cocaine, John guessed...he needed sleep and some food.
Of course. My ‘light doze’ ended up lengthier than I intended. By the smell of it, John was cooking the eggs already. Breakfast was imminent.
Sherlock walked around the other side of the bed and took Mycroft’s other hand, and said, “Brother mine.”
“No, you’re not.”
Reality didn’t stop the fantasies that he had about that night. In his dreams, they snogged in the hallway after Angelo returned John’s hateful cane. Sherlock just knew it would be the best kiss of his life. After that, Sherlock would take John, a practical stranger, to bed and never let him leave. They would do absolutely everything. John would let him look, touch, and taste everywhere. He wanted to raise gooseflesh on John’s skin, lay his tongue over each of the millions of hair follicles on John’s body, press his fingers into John’s mouth. He wanted John’s smell to cling to his skin, John’s sweat to drip onto his limbs, John’s saliva and come to mix on and in his body. He wanted to belong to John. He wanted John to be his.
My mind buzzed with the compliments, delaying my response. John didn’t seem to mind. He stared at me patiently until I lifted him to standing. He stood a bit too close, but I didn’t mind especially since he still held my hand in his. He looked into my eyes for a long moment. Would now be a good time to broach the subject of a romantic relationship? Before I could decide, he spoke.
Victor’s face dropped and he started crying. He put both hands over his face and cried, “Not you, Holmes. God, not you.”
Sherlock loved him more than anyone in the world.
“Can you sleep? I need more and I’d like it if you stayed with me.”
John held a biscuit, “Can you eat?”
Victor looked down and chuckled. “All right, you lusty berk, here’s what we are going to do. We’re going to walk back to your room and take off our clothes and I’m going to show you some things.”
“You ready?”
God, John felt like the biggest idiot in London.
John giggled, high-pitched until it ended with a very abrupt and very loud hiccough.
“He thinks I’m a drug addict.”
Well, now he was really confused. John was angry. He pushed him away, pushed him onto the floor, and rejected his hands. He walked away and now he was the one pacing.
John heard Sherlock’s soft, entirely welcomed, footsteps coming up the stairs.
Sherlock simply sat on the sofa where he’d been directed to sit by his very agitated, very serious best friend.
(See the end of the chapter for
over and over again until he finally slept.
“Ohhhh...Excellent idea,” John said.
“I had no idea you were so talented.”
They fucked. Then they worked. Then they fucked again.
“Ohhhhh...yes....” Sherlock stilled his hips and watched as he came over Victor’s stomach and chest. He watched his cock spurt quickly over and over. He rode out the pure pleasure of his orgasm, feeling the pulsing slow. He pumped a few more times, enjoying the feeling. Enjoying also his wet arse, warm with his own saliva and pressing on Victor’s now-soft penis.
It didn’t work. John wanted another kiss. He wanted more time. He was caught in a loop of desire, regret, anger, resignation, desire, regret, anger...he stared at the chalkboard for long moments, thoughts lost to time. After nine days of this foolish, adolescent, unbelievably infuriating behavior, John erased Sherlock’s message and made a conscious choice to move the fuck on.
McGregor stopped, gun drawn in front of him. He turned his head over his shoulder and opened his mouth to say something. He did not get the chance. Three gunshots rang loudly from down the left-hand hall. He shouted, “Down!” and swung around to cover Lestrade and John.
Sherlock sunk to his knees, Victor’s eyes never left his. “Trev,” he said quietly.
“Wear a shirt over it. She never has to see it,” Lestrade insisted.
As John’s moaning waned, Sherlock gently sucked the head to clean the few drops that remained. John watched him and said, “Bloody hell, you knew what you wanted.” Sherlock grinned, keeping their eyes locked, as he sucked John’s cock back into his mouth, hard.
Sherlock licked along John’s bottom lip, biting and sucking in turn. John returned the kiss with the same not-so-gentle passion. Each of them had raised their hands to grip each other’s face.
“I want you all of the time. You’re like sex on two legs, and what glorious legs they are.”
Sherlock just looked at him and wondered how many more surprises John Watson had in store for him. He flopped his legs down so he was essentially starfished across their bed. John crawled up and looked at him with a small smirk.
When he tried to move his neck, tried to look around him, he could not. His brain’s signals were not reaching the muscle and bone. He closed his eyes.
“Perfect,” said Sherlock. He popped a strawberry into his mouth and chewed. A tiny translucent pink drop hovered on his bottom lip for a split second before he made an obnoxious slurping sound to pull it into his mouth. He smirked at John’s obvious attention. John cleared his throat and handed a cup to Sherlock.
“I have no idea. I needed to think,” I hesitated, wondering if I should go on. I did, “So I went to one of my bolt holes. Time got away from me and I didn’t come home until this morning.” I could feel the heat rising from my neck to my cheeks. There was nothing for it so I looked down at my bare feet.
Greg, running ahead of him - damned his short legs - stopped so abruptly he almost ran into his back. John heard it just as Greg said, “Helicopter.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Thanks for reading! Come find me, I'm
on Tumblr.
Hours later when the case was solved and it was dark again, they hung their coats downstairs and walked up the seventeen steps towards the lounge.
“Flatmates?”
Sherlock was confused. He didn’t like anyone except Victor.
Sherlock grinned back. “Are you inside my head?”
“Fuck yes. Fuck.” John placed his hand under Sherlock’s jaw and felt his cock moving in his throat with the tip of his fingers. Sherlock hummed around him and generally seemed to be enjoying himself immensely. “Gorgeous, you’re so gorgeous.” If John could think straight, he would be thinking that Sherlock probably wouldn’t mind him repeating himself.
John hummed and moved to get up again.
Sherlock looked up at that. “Oh? That’s great, John.” Purple magazine was an influential magazine in art and fashion. It didn’t have a huge readership among the public, but it was highly respected across all art forms. “Where is the shoot?”
John’s hand opened but stayed rested along his shaft. Sherlock watched as his body started to move and stretch. He heard a loud snore, then heard John’s lips smack. He was waking up and Sherlock stayed exactly where he was and waited.
John stopped.
“That was her.” John said, looking at Lestrade.
She saw right through me as if she were a Holmes. “Are you trying to drive the poor man away? Carrying on like you do, Sherlock. You were so lonely before. I think he’s been good for you.”
As much as they both detested talking about their feelings, as the days wore on, Sherlock feared that it would be the quickest way to get back to the delicious place that they had been a few days ago. What they had was so new, so exciting, so extremely satisfying. He wanted it back. Now.
It was only a few moments later that John was having an out of body experience. Waves of pleasure wracked through his frame as he pumped steadily into Sherlock’s waiting throat. Sherlock made him come so hard his feet were numb for a few minutes after.
John noticed Sherlock’s slight blush when Greg pulled him into a friendly hug. Greg kept his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder and asked, “How are you?” His tone was serious, caring.
“I need you out of these clothes now.”
He opened John's door, which hadn't been closed fully. Sherlock wondered if he kept it open sometimes so he could hear his late night playing. He knelt down next to the bed. John was asleep, with his mouth open and hair going in absolutely every direction.
Sherlock stood up and slicked his erection with lube. He looked down at John’s eager and ready entrance. He said, “Oh John,” voice deep and desperate from arousal. He pushed the head of his cock slowly into John. In one long, slow motion, he pressed into him fully. He waited for a few seconds to make sure that John was comfortable. John let out a low groan and said, “Yesssssss.”
John pulled him down for a kiss full of hope, joy, and love. For the first time in a long time, he was excited for what was to come.
“John!” Sherlock said, grabbing John’s laptop and placing it on the side table. John didn’t have a second to respond before Sherlock leapt into his lap, spreading his legs wide to straddle his hips.
Sherlock looked down at the tape in John’s hand and immediately saw his mistake. Stupid! So stupid! Of course, something seemed way off about those numbers. The Daily Mail was seventeen inches long...John’s cock wasn’t that long. He smiled, a bit embarrassed. “My notes say that it’s twenty and a half inches around at the corona.”
Sherlock looked down his body at John. They were each on their sides, curled around each other. From below, he could see that strong jaw and cleft chin. He could see John’s tongue licking up and down his shaft, sucking at his head.
Sherlock rested his chin on his left shoulder, watching the slow motion of John’s hand and the spoon. They stayed that way for several minutes until John put down the spoon and turned off the burner. Neither of them moved.
“You know a lot about the tongue then?”
He narrowed his eyes and really looked at her. She was pushing rice around her plate, not looking at him.
“I’m serious,” he said still smirking. “I love it when I can stump you. Your genius mind against my tiny brain. I can still surprise the great Sherlock Holmes sometimes.”
“What the fuck?” Greg replied, irritated.
Sherlock's eyes swept over John’s whole body. “Yes,” he smirked.
“Sherlock!” John ran over to his boyfriend.
After a moment, John felt a single fingertip breach slowly into his ring of muscle.
“Sher-...Oh...Sher-” John panted.
“Looks gorgeous.”
“Sherlock, yes! Fuck, you feel so good. You’re going to make me come,” he gasped, “Yeeeesssss…” He froze, back arched slightly so his face was buried even deeper into Sherlock’s throat, and came over his hand and pulsing onto Sherlock’s stomach. He shuddered through it while Sherlock held onto him. John’s hand was moving slightly, spreading come over the both of their cocks. His cock gave one last pulse, and he moved his body so now his hand was only on Sherlock.
After the kiss slowed, they stayed close, not quite touching but staring into each other’s eyes.
Sleep eluded me. Possibly something to do with the clock tower’s namesake rattling my surroundings with thunderous chimes every quarter hour. Well, this particular spot appealed to me for its audaciousness, not its restfulness.
They laid together like that for a long time, weakly thrusting against each other or squeezing flesh with seeking hands whenever the urge struck. John felt completely at home, completely comfortable, naked on the sofa with Sherlock and the evidence of their pleasure cementing their bellies together. It was so much like home. So familiar. He wondered how it could be so comfortable. He imagined it was because Sherlock was his, and had been his for years. Now it was reciprocated. Now it was started. Now it was forever more.
Breaths came raggedly as he tried to remain in control. He wanted to lock every one of them in a room and scream and hit and strangle until one of them gave Sherlock back. His heart raced dangerously as the adrenaline and cortisol and caffeine from their morning coffee pumped through his tightening veins.
He had slept. It had been a long time since he woke with his eyes stuck together and his throat dry. Had he been snoring? He had the vague recollection of his own snorts waking him.
“Because it’s romantic.”
Once the case was over, they had one last night in the City of Angels. They found a lively, slickly-decorated, Brazilian restaurant and went for a late lunch. They found themselves in the midst of what Americans called ‘happy hour’. Honestly, why were Americans, particularly Californians, always so happy? Must be something about the sun shining all year long.
Sherlock shrugged and quietly sang along with the music, “Purple rain, purple rain…”
“Are you saying I’m funny? Like a clown? Like I amuse you?”
His focus was centered on Sherlock’s finger and tongue around and in his arse and nothing else. It was like he didn’t have a body, his entire being existing for what Sherlock was giving to him. And that was before Sherlock had even touched his prostate…
“John, I need to - “ Before Sherlock could finish the sentence his brain had begun, his lips surged down to take John’s in a hard kiss.
“I know.”
She folded her arms and said softly, “There you go.” She made no attempt to help him to the ground.
After a while John said, “Do you realize we’ve had sex on nearly every surface of the flat, just like I said?”
Sherlock held John’s face in his hands and placed a very soft kiss on his upper lip, then pulled back to catalog every beautiful feature in John’s expression. His half-lidded eyes, his relaxed forehead, his slackened jaw, and his barely parted lips curling up just slightly at each corner.
“Lovely. That suit reminds me of one you wore in Milan,” John said, before he could stop himself. He cringed internally. He hadn't really wanted to reveal that he'd watched that show. He really had no reason to watch that show.
“He deduced everything about my shite marriage, my ambitions on the force, my crush on the forensic technician. He just knew everything. But he wasn’t involved.” Greg paused, lost in thought for a minute.
“Nope.”
He felt sick to his stomach from the drugs they gave him at A&E. John had made sure he would only be given a small dose of opiates. They sent him home with some high milligram ibuprofen and a sling. It was time for another dose, and he could tolerate the ibuprofen, but he probably should have eaten when John offered his help. John was in bed and Sherlock supposed he deserved to be left alone to sleep.
“Stand there.”
Sherlock paused, blinked, and said, “If I touch it with my lips, what happens?”
Before I met John, I thought the earth went around the sun. Now I know the sun goes around the earth. Wait. That's not right, is it?
John moved his hands up from Sherlock’s hips, over his back to rest around his shoulders, gently squeezing him just a bit to tighten their embrace. Their cocks softened against each other. They stayed there for a long time just enjoying the closeness. Sherlock rubbed his lips back and forth across John’s neck for long minutes, sometimes darting his tongue out to lick.
John tasted of salt and sunshine and a tiny bit of his cologne. Sherlock licked and sucked until he only smelled of Sherlock’s champagne breath. He held one arm around John shoulder and the other caressed down his side to cup his arse. He rubbed and lightly squeezed, sucking at his earlobe. John moaned in frustration. His arms trapped between them, he could only reach Sherlock’s clavicle and shoulder. He placed kisses there, but mostly just groaned open mouthed against him. Sherlock dragged his hand along John’s hip and around to feel his cock, held by tight lycra.
Of course, I didn’t need the alarm and headed back to Baker Street just after sunrise.
“Couldn’t hurt to check it out.” Greg called over one of his officers and gave them the address. He said to them, “Check this out, super quiet, and if there’s something, call for backup immediately. Could be very dangerous.”
“How do you think things are going?”
It was the plan of a dangerous and deranged narcissist. If someone doesn’t return your sentiments, what can you do? One cannot go around murdering people’s families as seduction.
“Steady on.”
Sherlock’s lips curled into a smile. He took a few steps towards the road, trying to tug John along. John stood still for a moment. Sherlock looked back at him questioningly.
“I usually don’t, of course,” she said breezily, dropping her bag and pulling out an envelope. “But you’re special, aren’t you, Sherlock?” Her large dark green eyes hard set, staring directly at him.
“D. I. Lestrade,” the man drawled.
“Stay.”
Sherlock tried to move his arm to touch John’s cheek but all he could manage was a twitch of his fingers. He closed his eyes and tried to speak. He slurred, “Y’ve broken me.”
Please come and say hello on Tumblr at
“Usually people are eager enough to meet with me that they stay awake. I can see that you are unique, Sherlock Holmes.”
They part, but they can’t help it, their faces stay close. They stay that way for several moments, catching their breath, trading silly grins, both licking their lips as if the taste of their kiss is already an addiction.
Sherlock licked up the shaft of John’s broad cock and John held his breath in anticipation. Just as Sherlock’s lips reached John’s frenulum, John felt long fingers sliding along his right ankle into his sock, moving it down and off his foot.
“Okay, I suppose we can talk about this later. If we can’t go on being friends, I don’t know,” John’s voice cracked embarrassingly as he headed towards the door once more. He was curling in on himself as Sherlock watched his back retreat.
“You - fuck!” he cries out on a particularly well-targeted thrust.
Gradually, their tongues retreat and their mouths (almost) close and they are simply pressing small sipping kisses to each others lips. John’s hand remains on the back of Sherlock’s neck, but his grip has eased, both realizing where they are and how (probably) inappropriate it is to snog at a window table in Angelo’s.
“Did you love her?”
John placed both of his hands over Sherlock’s face, unable to stop himself from tracing his thumb over his lips.
“You have a gorgeous cock.”
always want you, I meant I always want you. Want you now,” he demanded and pulled John flush to his chest with his good arm. He snaked his hand up through John’s hair at the nape of his neck, and guided him down where he could slot their lips together firmly. Sherlock grabbed at the short blonde and gray hairs on the back of his head. John’s gasped.
John decided there would be no more waiting.
The way Sherlock said Victor’s name told John all that he needed to know about Sherlock's love for the man. Disappointment and jealousy flared in his chest. He chastised himself for it, he had no right to feel those things about this young man.
It felt like home. The thought jolted him out of his dreamy domestic headspace. They didn’t live together. He lived in New York City. His flat had his photos, his favorite mug, his eight other cameras and twenty-two other lenses. He hadn’t booked a ticket back yet, but he’d have to go home eventually. He started to wonder about long-distance relationships. Did they work? He had rarely known anyone who did it for long. You either moved in together or moved on apart. Fear numbed his legs as he thought of spending weeks without Sherlock.
“No, John. You’re just hyper-alert about my physical body right now and you are noticing what happens. Quite often, really.” Sherlock noticed that John frowned and his expression turned stormy again at this. Again, not reassuring. He quickly tried to steer their conversation in the right direction. “It’s only you. Please believe me.”
He hadn’t meant to fall asleep. He hoped that Sherlock would wake up when he joined him but the boy was dead to the world. Their shoot and dinner with John was probably at the end of a multi-day bender.
. And he did. The photo was indescribably intimate and captured Sherlock looking...happy. He smiled at the memory.
He had lost everything but his phone and his camera. Both had been recovered from where he’d been shot. He checked his phone obsessively for the first few days, but hearing nothing had dampened his enthusiasm for it.
Sherlock furrows his eyebrows and frowns. “A clown? No.”
Because the flat was always cold, John’s skin began to pebble. Sherlock wanted to tuck him into the sheets and monitor his vital signs for the rest of the day. He expected that John should be out for hours but the data projection wasn’t one hundred percent accurate.
John flipped open the cap and poured a generous amount of the liquid on his fingers. He prepared him quickly. In a few moments, he was ready. John knew. He lined himself up and pushed slowly into Sherlock’s body. Sherlock threw his head back, gasping for air, feeling the delicious burn and stretch as he felt every centimeter of John’s beautiful cock enter him.
“...three hundred now…,” he heard Mary say, “...then it’s their problem.”
He breathed out, “Obvious.”
John smiled, “Now
Sherlock leaned down and gently kissed his lips. “I like you.”
Victor finally looked at him. He could see him trying to focus on his face.
Sherlock got up and set about making tea.
“Fuck, Sherlock,” John complained. “Let’s go back.”
I'm not sure where all of the angst is coming from this week, but thanks everyone for reading! I am
John brushed the curls from Sherlock’s forehead gently. The only sign he was still alive was some rapid blinking that had started with John’s touch.
Sherlock placed both hands on each side of John’s face and smacked a kiss to his lips. He whirled around, waving his arms in a huge sweeping gesture. “I did,” he exclaimed. “We’re here for a week. We can shoot every day or just do one hour, I don’t care. I’m just happy to be here in paradise with you.” He stood looking at John from across the room, looking every bit as young as he was.
“Now that’s you laugh-snorting.”
. John wouldn’t look at him so he never saw this quiet appeal. It surprised Sherlock how long it took John to look at him again. It took ages. Sherlock begged. He gripped John’s arms, legs, hair. John just wrestled out of his grasp and every time said through gritted teeth
John should have known. Sherlock missed nothing about John's arousal these days.
“What about Mary?” He tried to keep his tone impassive, but it came out curt and bitter.
He exited a side door into a secluded alley, surrounded on three sides by windowless walls. He walked down the curved narrow road using his instincts and knowledge of central London to make his way towards the main roadway. He breathing came easier the closer he came to the busy street. And John.
John had just set up the fill lights when the door flung open and a very young, very tall young man walked in. He was dressed in a worn, dirty t-shirt, jeans, black boots, and a beautifully tailored almost-black overcoat.
“Sorry.” He looked down and gestured for Sherlock to follow him to a particularly bright wall. “Stand here, I'm going to get close. Head and shoulders shots.”
“Come on, John!” Sherlock reached for John’s belt and yanked. John almost fell over with the force of it and the imbalance caused by him trying to remove his shoes at that very moment.
on Tumblr.
Sherlock looked into the face of the man he loved so much. The face of the man he would die and kill for a thousand times over. What he saw in John’s eyes was happiness and relief.
Lestrade had gotten the call while they were in the car over. John heard something about a basement, an underground tunnel, and getting a bloodhound. A red hazy fog had blurred his vision and he was having a hard time concentrating on anything as he exited the back seat.
“You posing for me?” John teased.
That night, as they laid in twin beds, side by side in the cramped room, neither said a word. All that could be heard in the room was the soft sounds of breathing. Each man tried to calm himself, navigating through the unfamiliar feeling of sharing a bedroom. Each man viscerally hated the one-meter space between them. It felt like a vast gulf, wider than the English Channel. Neither knew it was really a small brook, easily jumped, if either of them would simply try.
John ran his hands down from his shoulders to wrists. “It’s soft. I like it.”
Sherlock turned them and started walking them backwards. He held on tight so John didn’t lose his footing. It was only a few steps before Sherlock pushed John down to sit in Sherlock’s chair.
“No,” he grunted.
John rolled his eyes, “You are such a drama queen. Stop it.” Meanwhile, he had Sherlock restrained, arms pinned to his sides and was practically carrying him to the door.
John hummed and Sherlock said, “Fuck!” The humming vibrations and the wet demanding movements of John’s tongue were driving him to the edge. He began to shake again.
They stood next to John’s bed, kissing in a tight embrace, in only their t-shirts and socks. Sherlock bent his knees slightly and their erections brushed wetly together. There was no friction, just gentle thrusting and graceless bumping.
Later when Mummy started wondering where they had gotten to, she opened the screen door and walked down the path. She heard them before she saw them. Soft laughter and quiet murmurings. She heard her youngest son’s voice speaking lowly, then heard John’s high-pitched giggle.
John’s hand stopped moving, he shut his eyes, and let out a shuddering breath. He swallowed thickly, “Um. No, sweetheart, not this time, when you’re a little stronger. Just kiss me, please.”
Sherlock held out his hand and she took it lightly, exchanging quiet hellos. Akari stared at his face, eyes roving from hair to eyes to lips and all around again. He was quite used to it. The staring had been happening since he was fifteen. He flushed at the memory of John doing it when they first met months ago. John, never far from his thoughts. He ruthlessly pushed those feeling down, hoarding them, hiding them, for a later, more appropriate time.
John lowered the camera from his eye and looked down. He was right. The fabric of his very small swim shorts did not do anything to hide his attraction and interest. He looked back at Sherlock’s face and mumbled, “Sorry.”
Sherlock hummed around his cock and thrust faster into the bedclothes.
He scowled and tugged at his curls. Mycroft was supposed to be stronger and smarter. Irritating and immortal.
“Of course I do. What will we deal with?”
John's eyes went wide and he gasped, “Sherlock!”
“Yes,” he agreed, and pushed Sherlock down to sitting. John kept one hand on Sherlock’s face and adjusted his erection in his trousers with the other.
“Fuck, Sherlock.”
Of course I felt his eyes on me. I heard the soft clack of a ceramic mug being set on the table next to my chair. The soft grunt of my friend as he settled himself into his own. How long should I keep playing in order to avoid my chair? A mere five minutes later, I put the violin away and sat in my chair.
John said, “I love you.” And Sherlock said, “I’m sorry.”
John grabbed Sherlock’s wrists and buried his face in his neck. “You’re such a poncy git,” he breathed, then added,”I can always just stay up here.”
“We don’t know that. But we have the recording, let’s hope they don’t leave town. Let’s go.”
“He’ll keep us informed, John.”
“And grip it hard?”
He tried to sit up to look out the window, but his unsettled stomach rebelled while his head pounded. He wondered what kind of drug she’d given him. He was fairly experienced, but didn’t know what this particular drug was. He laid his head back down and took several breaths, willing his nausea away. After a long moment, he tried again. This time he moved more slowly, categorizing every pull, twist, and twinge of pain. He looked out into the darkness and realized they were headed north on the A40.
Sherlock kept staring at John. He didn’t quite understand how John could feel this way about him, but he definitely felt this way about John. His chin quivered just a bit and he felt tears sting his eyes. He was going to cry again.
accompany what he has just said. John’s been waiting, dreaming about this moment for his entire life and he’s sure that it will be a thrill like no other.
Lila shifted slightly, looking slightly pained, and Sherlock backed away looking alarmed. ‘I’m going to- go check on Rosie, she’s been a while. Yes. Call me if you need me.’ And, with a sweep of the coat and a shake of the curls he was gone.
‘I have a solution!’ Sherlock cried. He grabbed the paper, seized the pencil and wrote down his brilliant brainwave.
‘I’m left,’ John laughed, as he held up his left hand. ‘Geddit? Left-handed!’
. I might not have known Dad, but I sure as hell know you, and I am naming my son after you whether you like it or not.’ Nathaniel pauses for breath, looking almost angry. ‘Well?’
he mused as he fell asleep.
John thought about Sherlock constantly. Sherlock distracted him from his studies; Sherlock distracted him from his friends. Sherlock kept him awake at night as John lay there in the darkness and wondered if he made the right decision, breaking up with him.
’ said most of the adults.
And suddenly the door opened.
So when Mike came up to him and said he had a job
‘Um, ok. I just thought as you were single and I was single and it’s the end of the year and I like you that maybe you’d like to go to prom? With me? You don't have to, I won’t mind. I get your whole ‘married to my work’ thing, so-‘
‘Because,’ John breathed, ‘It makes me want to do
They couldn’t hold hands, walking around Buckingham palace; instead, they walked as close together as they could, arms bumping into each other. John with a spring in his step, Sherlock wearing John’s rugby jacket. He had barely taken it off in the five months since John had given it to him.
‘His name is Gregory Lestrade.’ Mycroft said quietly.
‘I am, John.’ Sherlock said. He wasn’t being demanding, he didn't sound like he was trying to convince John that what he was saying was true; he just sounded resigned, which John hated even more. ‘I always have been. I let myself get close to you, I let myself fall in love with you and you with me even though I knew you’d end up getting hurt and I’m sorry, John, I was selfish, I was so selfish.’
Sherlock just nodded, head thrown back, eyes tightly shut as Hamish continued working against his jawline, and
Sherlock straightened up and surveyed his would-be brother-in-law with narrowed eyes. ‘Lestrade, I can’t believe I’m saying this, but that might actually be the best idea I’ve heard yet.’
Jim, heartbroken and alone, had attacked in the only way he knew how; he gave the code to hack the British Security System to a terrorist organisation and had them blow up the London Eye. He then turned the public against the royal family by selling secrets Sherlock had whispered to him as they talked in the early hours of the morning. It hadn’t lasted, but it had hurt, and it had caused untold misery for him and for his family.
for giving him a family,
Sherlock grabbed James’ tie and pulled him towards him, their lips meeting in a wet, passionate, lust-filled kiss.
‘Where do I put this hooded garment?’ Sherlock asked quietly, gesturing to the hooded top John had given him as they had walked from the car (John had asked for them to be dropped off about ten minutes away) which he had slung over his lower arm. John snorted. ‘Jesus, Sher. It’s a hoodie. Not a hooded garment.’
‘With me?’ Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows, scarcely daring to believe it, even as John snorted. ‘Yeah. With you.’
John looked at him sceptically. Sherlock huffed. ‘You’re going back to London, John, not fucking Australia. We’ll see each other.’ He paused. ‘Right?’
‘Long live the King.’ John whispered, though he wasn’t thinking about the dead King.
’ John insisted, stamping his foot. ‘I just- I know someone who is.’
Sherlock had laughed, at the time. Asked Jenny to stand up to her, to scream at her. He couldn’t, he said, so Jenny should.
John caught sight of a smirk before the boy put his head back down, talking to the table. ‘I have a message from a Mike Stamford? He can’t make it. He’s on a shift.’
‘This again?’ James groaned. ‘It was a relationship, Sherlock. It was deep, it was dark, it was dirty, but it was a relationship.’
He hangs up, and then he waits.
rang through John’s head and ears for the rest of the day.
Jenny was shaking again. ‘You- you mean that?’
After it was over, John left the den and popped his head into the lounge. His mother was knitting, his father was reading, and the dog, Gladstone, was sleeping under Henry’s feet. ‘I’m going to go and meet up with Mike,’ John said, grabbing his key. ‘I’ll be home by eleven.’
Sherlock opened his laptop. ‘Great, now that’s done you can go away.’
‘Listen, John. I don’t want to be talking to you anymore than you want to be talking to me.’ She paused and sighed. ‘I’m here with Jim-‘
John had learnt a lot in the four weeks he’d been at the resort. Without Sherlock, he and Irene had spent most of their time with the Teen Club, and John had learned to tie a proper sailing knot, play checkers and do the entire
John smiled despite himself and kissed Sherlock’s forehead, tilting his chin so he could look him in the eye. ‘Actually, I love the summer. Summer’s the best bit of the year: it’s the bit where me and you are together. It’s the one time in the year when I’m
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. ‘People this far south don’t generally recognise him. He’s the Lord of some Northern state, I forget which.’
‘I-I-
The knock on the door interrupted him, before a voice came through the wood. ‘I don’t care if you are, ahem, engaged in an intimate encounter with Victor Trevor but please, Sherlock, be silent. What if someone hears you?’
‘Something came up,’ Sherlock answered vaguely as he crossed off
Mycroft humphed slightly, though his expression relaxed slightly. The world had found out that Mycroft was gay about a year ago, five months after John returned from Afghanistan. There hadn’t been an accurate reading on how the world had reacted because immediately afterwards, the palace had announced that Mycroft and his partner were expecting twins through the new fertility programme Sherlock had only just commissioned, SSIU, which allowed parents of the same gender to have a child that was biologically theirs and only theirs. The science was incredible; the thought of Mycroft finding happiness through it less so.
John pretended to be offended. ‘Football is the sport of King’s-‘
Sherlock sighed theatrically but did as she said, following her out of the door. Irene led the way, striding confidently through the palace until they reached the entrance hall.
Sherlock’s mouth opened slightly. ‘You remember my name?’
He needs the thrill, the rush, the buzz like he needs water and oxygen and food: it’s an absolute necessity, and John knows he will do whatever possible to achieve it.
John almost heard her rolling her eyes. ‘It’s a lot easier than you would imagine. Morag got in here, so did Jim. Piece of cake. When I lived here with Sherlock, I did repeatedly tell him that security was a fucking joke-'
And suddenly, out of nowhere,
Sherlock grinned, delighted. ‘Did he? That brilliant child.’
Sherlock was smiling at him from by the kayaks, and John hastily followed him down. ‘How much trouble will we get in if we’re caught?’ John asked. When Sherlock raised an eyebrow, he hastily added, ‘not that I care. I just…I’m wondering.’
John was distracted by Henry pointing excitedly at the television and saying loudly, ‘they’re going!’
And Sherlock was coming.
, John mouthed.
Mycroft held up a hand. ‘Stop there, brother mine. I have no urge to hear about my partner
‘I’m not explaining myself clearly enough.’ John stamped his foot, his eyes finally resting on Sherlock. ‘Sherlock. I like you.’
Sherlock blinked and locked the memory back in his mind palace, behind a thick door. He couldn’t relive any of those particular memories; they made the blackest feeling wash over him-
When Harry had come back into the kitchen with a man following behind her, John recognised him as Sherlock’s chauffeur and stood up, smiling, expecting the man to say Sherlock had left a hoodie or something behind and that he had come to return it, but instead Jack had said in a deadpan tone that John was required at the palace and must come immediately. John should have known something was wrong then: Jack was always polite and friendly but he just looked still and robotic, avoiding eye contact and speaking in a monotonous voice, but John hadn’t been concerned. He expected Sherlock just wanted to see him and couldn’t be bothered to get his phone.
Mycroft stood up and stepped towards Morag, who was shaking where she stood. John realised numbly it was the first time he had ever seen Morag scared: John had seen her tell off the King, for Christ’s sake, but now…she seemed genuinely afraid.
‘Vous êtes mon été, et mon soleil, et mon amour. Je t’aime.’ - you are my summer, and my sun, and my love. I love you.
Sherlock stopped.
’ John fought, trying desperately to remove his father’s hands, but they stuck firm and before he knew it the sounds and smells and sights of the parade had disappeared, and the Watsons were walking away from the happiness.
And they’re kissing again, although it feels different, now, because John is putting something into the kiss that wasn’t there before. It’s the thought that maybe, just maybe, their paths are crossing
Sometimes, as he lay in bed at night and thought about John, his subconsciousness would murmur,
John loved Sherlock, more than anything, but his boyfriend acted like a spoilt four year old sometimes (many, including Mycroft, would have preferred
had a chance to pay the money he owed. John Watson was many things, but he was not a thief, and he wanted to continue not being a thief.
John was in shock. Mike also seemed to be in shock. The man was not in shock, instead standing up and examining his fingernails. ‘I’m glad you returned in one piece from the war. I was worried when I woke up, for the second time in my life, with a burning pain caused by you, but it healed. Left a scar, though, much as your bond mark did. You couldn’t really have chosen a more obvious place, John.’
‘I think you do,’ Sherlock agreed, and when he reached out to take John’s hand, John let him. He let Sherlock hold his hand, and he let Sherlock drag him through the crowd and into the heart of the parade.
that their father would return but it had pleased their mother, and John had to admit that John Watson sounded better than John Kendrick.
‘Yes!’ Trisha shouted. ‘I do, Sherlock, and you know that! I love William, and he is a good father and a brilliant King, but he grew up in a different generation where being gay was not at all accepted and he takes the royal code very seriously. He is a good man, you know that, but he genuinely believes that a homosexual King goes against everything that we stand for and we cannot have him finding out.’
Sherlock sighed. ‘John. Leave her alone.’
‘Hello?’ The voice, silky and deep and smooth as honey, made John jump and he looked up. It was the boy from outside, he realised, wearing that cap and the coat.
‘We are,’ Sherlock said, shocked. ‘Why would you think we weren’t?’
All Sherlock could do was nod, slowly.
Sherlock glanced at John; the older man was now glaring at Irene. John hated Irene, hated her with a passion, and every time Sherlock asked why, he would just deny it, despite it being crystal clear.
