“Have you seen yourself? You’re massive!” Castiel’s ears turn pink, as if he’s taking Dean’s words as a compliment, and he’s unsure whether they are meant as such, so he’s quick to jump ahead. “You
“Because,” the bartender says on a tired sigh, as if this happens regularly, “his name is Castiel Novak.”
He was hoping to leave it rhetorical. To walk away, since Castiel clearly doesn’t intend to chase and capture him, but of course he shifts back as well.
He grumbles at himself, but settles down, choosing the spot carefully. His back cosy against the pillows, his legs crossed and stretched out alongside Castiel’s, he’s got a view of the ocean. He is also very,
Nor are any of Charlie’s assessments wrong, though Dean refuses to acknowledge that when she underlines the Angel bit with thick stripes. Her fervour suggests her willingness to make an orientational exception, if given the chance. And considering
Castiel regards him pensively. Patiently, he has to admit, because for an Alpha, this guy’s giving him nothing but contrary behaviour and it’s weirding Dean out. Everything he’s seen and heard of Castiel so far screams Alpha, so to experience his casual denial of All Of That is more than a little bit confusing.
In a move that would surprise Sam and, hell, even surprises Dean, he manages to keep his mouth shut at the umpteenth assumption he belongs to anyone, though he can’t stop another exasperated eye roll.
“Because we’ve only recently caught the scent of this pack. They’ve got their fingers in one too many smelly pies. We don’t begrudge any pack their business, unless it hurts ours.” Gabriel regards John heavily. “Or our allies.”
“I meant in general,” Dean says, grimacing at the words, spoken without an ounce of guile. “Not me.”
The quick glance he steals at Sam escapes everyone, except Dean. Curious, he frowns, pretending to stare at the table as if he’d like to vanish into a cartoonesque black hole. It ain’t all fake, the way he’s blushing, but it’s the good kind, all in all.
“Mmh…” He squirms, lifting his legs just enough to give Cas better access. Instantly, he’s rewarded with a squeeze and a kiss to the inside of his knee.
When Michael advances on Dean, laughing, it’s Gabriel who breaks the tie, holding his brother back with surprising strength for a man of his stature.
He refuses to answer the no doubt meant-to-be-rhetorical question and shamelessly inhales the air around them. It makes Castiel’s eyebrows shoot up in a ‘Really now?’ vibe and Dean does it again, just to annoy the Alpha, only to have to conclude he isn’t lying.
“Besides shame has nothing to do with it,” Castiel says coolly. “No mate, no point. And who knew if I ran into someone I actually liked.”
“Whatever you need,” Cas whispers, tone urgent, “Whatever you need, I’ll do what I can to give it to you.”
“I think he’s older than we estimate him, but with that whole Novak litter, it’s hard to remember. Still… Someone without a mate…”
“No?” Michael kicks the chair away, bending Dean over the table, as he shoves his weight into him, chest hard against his back, groin pressed close. Dean growls, but his body locks up when Michael’s hand lands at his hip. His mind goes into a jumble, when oddly his gaze finds Castiel’s.
Season four ended with a cameo appearance from John Winchester when Bast and Ramiel found Jedediah’s soul in Hell, only to discover he’d allowed himself to be corrupted and turned into a demon himself. After years of torture, because time worked differently there, Jed had agreed to take up the tools himself and torture other souls under the supervision of Alastair.
, because where could you go after facing the Devil himself? There was no greater adversary, no way to up the stakes beyond this. Besides, it was always better to end a show on the writers’ own terms rather than wait for things to go stale, for the fans to abandon them, and the network to force a cancellation.
He stepped out of the heels, bringing him down three inches, allowing Dean to rest his head on Castiel’s shoulder without having to bend too much. Putting out soothing pheromones, the alpha rocked him back and forth, almost like a middle-school slow dance.
wanted before. When I see other alphas around you, I have horrible thoughts. Of carving my teeth marks in your skin so no one else ever comes close to you. Terrible, degrading fantasies of filling you up with my come and keeping it plugged up inside you so my scent permeates yours, and then anyone could tell that you belonged to me. I’ve turned into one of those alphas I always pitied for having no control over themselves! I don’t even recognize myself anymore!”
Zeddmore grabbed Dean’s elbow before he could take his mark on set. “Hey, I wanted to thank you for taking him under your wing,” he said quietly, nodding in Castiel’s direction where he was trying to figure out how to close the doors of the barn from the inside. “You really seem to pull out his charisma so effortlessly.”
“Fair point,” said Dean, meaning it. “Then you gotta meet. That’s the only way to know. Just tell him you want to go slowly so you can figure out how it all makes you feel. He might appreciate that, actually. You might be his first real relationship, too.” Grinning, he added, “Unless he’s married, of course.”
Bewildered as to what brought this on, Dean struggled to keep up with the rapid-fire subject change. “Uh, you will?”
To Cas, he said, “I’ve been thinking about what we should do. Why don’t we use this as an opportunity for you to leave the agency? It’ll limit how much access Naomi would have to you.”
He chuckled. “I know, he sends a lot so that I don’t feel like I’m missing anything.” His smile fell. “Except it makes me feel like I’m missing everything. What if I’m at work when they take their first steps? Say their first words? I’m going to miss all the firsts!”
“And after I went out of my way to come here and comfort you,” said Crowley, putting a hand to his chest, his dark eyes large and poignant.
like this, desired to such an extent, and although he knew down to his bones that Cas would never grow tired of him — if he
“True,” he admitted. “But this is still different. Um… so, look. I know our family’s never really been into traditional roles and stuff. You’ve always been great about letting me make my own choices.”
As Rami finished off the wood troll he’d been struggling with, he turned around and stopped short. Bast was right behind him, eyes still fully black even though the fight was over, a little smirk hovering on his lips.
It shocked the whole family and started a downward spiral for my parents. Our mother supported him. Our father just wanted him to do as he was told, the way he wanted all of us to be. I think he was afraid that more of us would leave the fold and if enough of us did that, then the shop would have to close. It caused a massive argument. Mother said we could just hire on workers, father said this was a family business and he wouldn’t run it any other way. Eventually, mother couldn’t stand it anymore and she left and I think that was the final straw for father. What is the phrase… He keeps our ship very tight. Maybe he thinks if he keeps us all busy, we won’t have time to think about leaving.
After finishing their dinner and sharing the rest of the milkshake, Cas got up from the table and set the used plate aside on his desk, disposed of the paper trash in the bin, then returned to Dean and held out his hands.
As he headed out to the front, he dropped off the pitcher of beer and grabbed #15 from the shelf. He almost couldn’t believe it had been ten months since his favorite patron had first come in. Tonight was the night, he resolved, he would ask for Angel Eyes’ actual name. Maybe in another ten months, he’d work up the courage to ask for his number. Dean internally rolled his eyes at himself. He was truly pathetic.
and his drop in the ranking reflected that. In fact, ratings had taken such a dive that they’d needed something big to change their trajectory away from the cancellation that was surely on the horizon.
Since the night had gone so well, Dean was feeling brave. “Would you be willing to meet the Novaks for New Year’s?” Sam nearly choked on his beer.
“I’m so proud of that kid,” said Dean, clearing his throat which had become a bit thick with emotion. “He wasn’t my pup, but he might as well have been, and he was just as protective of me as I was of him.”
As their kiss gained heat, Cas worked an arm beneath Dean’s legs and lifted him as he stood, carrying him over to a bed and placing him in the center as if he were something incredibly delicate and precious. He removed his robe then, leaving him totally bare, before covering Dean’s body with his own, lying between his legs.
“I appreciate the concern. I intend to bring them and her husband into my home while she is in treatment, even if he decides not to stay married to her in the long run.” Chuck played with a pen, looking away from the two of them. “Not to bring up private medical plans or anything, but I hear that therapy does wonders for people with family issues.”
“I don’t feel obligated to help you,” he said, then aimed his thumb at the white building they stood next to. “
“It means you’re already dilated two centimeters more since the last time they checked you.” She went to the nurse and said in a low tone, but not low enough that Dean would miss it, “Let’s get dad back in here, if he doesn’t want to miss the birth of his pups.”
When they finally pulled back, the red filamenting Castiel’s gaze echoed everything Dean was feeling, but he said anyway, “I think I’m all partied out. Want to go home?”
Considering what Cas had told him about their families being so traditionally minded, Dean had to wonder if Chuck would have been so apologetic if Cas had come to him as an abused omega rather than as an alpha. If they had mated as planned, Dean suspected that Naomi would have been allowed to do as she pleased. It left him feeling sorry for the person she’d mated for the sake of having children. Maybe their coming forward would inspire Chuck to check other areas of his life where Naomi might have left damage. He hoped so, but that wasn’t Dean and Castiel’s responsibility.
You know, I think the last cake I tried WAS from a Gas N Sip. Maybe that’s the problem. I was traumatized. I have Post Traumatic Cake Disorder.
“He doesn’t need a hospital, he needs me,” said Cas, his voice going a bit rough around the edges. “I’m taking him to my place, I’ve made preparations.”
Looking up, Dean saw his brother, Sam, sticking his head into the brewing room. It had to be nearly time for his shift, he already had his abundant hair pulled back.
“Well… thank you.” They each devoured their bites to complete the mock toast. Castiel looked up, thoughtful, as he chewed. “Sometimes the family you choose for yourself is better than the one you were given.”
Red-faced, Dean shimmied out of his underwear and handed the sodden scrap to Cas, who stuck them in the same pocket as the plug. He pulled his skirt back down as the alpha came around the car to open Dean’s door for him, helping him to get out on wobbly legs. Despite trying to keep his thighs together, slick trickled down his stockings as far as the knee as he walked. He kept his eyes down as they made their way up to the third floor of the West building, but he was sure he heard at least one person sniff as they passed by. Nothing happened, it wouldn’t with Cas at his side, even if it happened to be someone who didn’t know Dean’s reputation for kicking ass. Despite that, a voice in his head chanted
Ramiel took a deep breath, relieved but still anxious. This was a sign that they couldn’t afford to waste time. He touched Bast’s shoulder, trying to be reassuring. “I’m fine. Let’s keep moving. You need to get out of here sooner than later.”
Reflexively, Dean smiled back, used to people of all sorts flirting with him, even fellow omegas. “Aw, stop it, man, you’re making me blush.”
The next morning, Dean found out he needn’t have worried about giving too much information as he read the new reply before getting out of bed. AC was a sympathetic sort.
Castiel set the tea aside and turned on the couch so he was facing Dean. “Does that mean you missed me this week?” he asked, taking the omega’s hands in his. “Were you lonely?”
Darting forward to close the distance between them, Dean grabbed Castiel’s face with both hands, stopping the tirade with his mouth and kissing him thoroughly. A drop of wetness slid between their lips, flavoring the kiss with salty desperation. Dean climbed into Castiel’s lap, straddling his thighs, needing to be closer, as close as possible. When the kiss ended, Cas had finally stopped his self-beratement and was only whimpering in distress. The air around them was thick with it.
“Me too,” said Dean, ducking his head to nuzzle Castiel’s nose with his own. “And anything you have to face because of this, because of us—I want to be there, too. Right by your side.”
Dean sighed. “Overwhelmed. Kind of in disbelief. But I feel sort of calm about it. And… even happy. I don’t feel… like
Castiel was sitting against the wall on the floor, naked, his hands clasped tightly in his lap, his head bowed, almost as if he was praying. When Dean started to get out of bed, he barked, “Don’t!”
It left a peculiar itch under his skin in a place he couldn’t quite reach. He’d never really thought too much about how his words might affect someone before, that always seemed like a ‘them’ problem. He didn’t know why it was bothering him this much when it happened to be Novak.
seeing you more than your actual professors,” he said, cheekily. With the lolly, he indicated an exam table. “Let’s treat those wounds.”
“But we decided we’re much better off as friends,” Cas finished. He held up his hand with the black ring. “I’m keeping this, though!”
being, talking about his love life. Though, he didn’t know what would be worse… Sam making fun of him or Sam taking it seriously.
“She was in a panic,” said Dean, edging sideways only to find Michael caging him in from the other direction. “I was trying to calm her down.”
Dean avoided Novak as much as possible after that. He didn’t offer him any more help with his acting, though he didn’t appear to need it ever since telling him to draw from his personal emotions. His scenes were a lot better; Spangler was raving about it and even agreed to reshoot the scene in the art studio. Not that Dean was watching the alpha. No, he was just waiting to film his own scenes. And he absolutely was
“You haven’t been my pup for a long-ass time but I must have done something right. You turned out disgustingly responsible. Now you’re always cleaning up my messes. I don’t think I tell you enough how much I appreciate you.”
Still in the throes of orgasm, Castiel started to bite down on Dean’s shoulder. Not nearly hard enough to break the skin, but it startled Dean out of his just-fucked haze enough to reach up and push his face away.
Wanting to do more than be a passive player, as they kissed Dean reached down between them and took Cas in hand again, wanting to keep him interested. His rhythm stuttered, breaking their kiss on another gasp.
that he didn’t have time to miss filming with a certain blue-eyed co-star. That he hadn’t cuddled up with the leather jacket in weak moments when he felt the most alone, especially during his heat, yearning for a scent that had slowly slipped away.
At that moment, his legs chose to give out. He’d had very little sleep and a full day’s work after all. Dean slid down the wall and slumped against it, breathing hard. “We… can’t do this…” he panted. “We’re still… in wardrobe…” And he’d never be able to see Ramiel’s trench coat again without remembering this moment.
“I assure you; we cannot take vessels without their permission. He agreed to this, just as you agreed to be an agent of heaven.”
After the young omega had gone past them, Dean put his head on Castiel’s shoulder and batted his eyelashes up at him. “That’s our pup,” he said, exaggerating the weepiness in his voice.
“Well, let’s try it.” He checked the three timers before getting them each a plate and a fork. “I have a little less than five minutes before I need to take the next batch out.”
With his eyes shut, strangely, it made Dean think of running… of his mate chasing after him in the light of the moon, catching him and pinning him in place with a bite to his neck… of running alongside their pups when they were old enough to do so as their high little voices called “Chase me! Chase me!” Tackling and tickling them in a big pile, laughing until they could hardly breathe.
“Oh, I put up a good front, but it took me a little while to fully process it,” said John. “It was a lot to take in all at once.”
Sitting down in the living room, he looked up at the tree he and Cas had decorated. Sam had brought over a small box of ornaments last week that he’d unearthed from dad’s attic, with the caveat that he might steal them back once he had his own family to decorate with. Now their tree glittered and sparkled, like they put one up every year. At the top of the tree, Cas had put a grumpy-faced Ramiel plushie doll and had the nerve to giggle about it and make a ‘stick up his ass’ joke.
He began to shake as Castiel touched his prostate through his anal wall, making his cloaca clench around nothingness as slick leaked out and dripped down one thigh. He’d totally abandoned the blowjob, too lost to the intensity, though the wet cock was still right up against his face.
The lack of argument was telling. Castiel pointed down the hallway. It was a lot like how Dean had imagined it, with prints of famous paintings featuring nature and photographs of people he assumed to be siblings. The bedroom was small and dark with the curtains drawn, the bed unmade and rumpled. Dean helped ease Castiel back into it and tucked the covers up around his waist before propping some pillows behind him so he could sit up more easily. As he settled back, Castiel immediately closed his eyes with a sigh. That kind of trust was humbling.
He tried, his whole body trembling from the effort of remaining on one foot and totally at Castiel’s mercy.
“Yeah. One night, Arthur, my manager, sent me to a ‘networking’ party. He told me that all kinds of influential people would be there — directors, producers, photographers, musicians, politicians… That should have tipped me off but I didn’t know shit back then. Arthur used a key card to send me up to the penthouse suite and the elevator opened right up into this sex party. The scent of aroused alphas all over the place was overwhelming. There was an omega presenting to a man practically right in front of me. There was a topless girl with an old man. Everywhere I looked, something terrible was happening and I was too shocked to even move. I couldn’t speak. I hoped I was having some kind of nightmare because I couldn’t believe that my own manager would send me there, would expect me to—”
Teary blue eyes glanced his way, then Cas was grabbing Dean’s hand in both of his and bringing it to his lips, kissing his fingers desperately. “I love you,” he whispered, fiercely.
“Back to your place on the first date,” said Luce, whistling. “Didn’t know you had it in you, little brother!” Castiel opened his mouth to respond, but Dean beat him to it.
Then again, Sam had already been less private with his sexuality earlier in the foyer, because it was what his future mate had needed to be happy. Sam was totally the type of alpha to push his own boundaries for the sake of his partner, so maybe he
“Like I said, through my connection to dad—” explained Azrael, gesturing to Rami, “—I learned that you needed me, so here I am.”
“Oh, Dean,” said Cas, pressing more kisses to his wet face, “I’m so sorry. I’m sorry for making you cry, I’m sorry for scaring you, and most of all, I’m sorry I love you so much that it scares us both.”
Once that was done, Cas grabbed Dean by the hips and dragged him backward. With a squeak of surprise, he slid halfway off the end of the bed, his toes barely touching the floor. The alpha stood behind him and let himself go, slamming into his mate with hard, fast thrusts. Dean pressed his face into the mattress, gripping the blanket in both fists and biting it to muffle his cries.
Smiling, Cas returned the scenting, rubbing the omega’s expanded stomach as he did so. “The feeling is quite mutual.” Taking him by the hand, Cas helped Dean rise to his feet then followed him up so they could head toward his office. “Now that you’re on maternity leave, I thought we could take some time to discuss our mating ceremony.” At the doorway, he leaned in and kissed the scar on Dean’s neck. “I’ve left this collar unlocked for far too long.”
Kinky bastard. He disappeared under the blanket, getting between Dean’s legs and pushing his knees up high. Cas hooked a finger around the sodden crotch of the panties and moved it aside to give him full access with his tongue. It didn’t seem to matter to him that Dean was already wet, this was purely for pleasure’s sake. Burying his tongue in the omega’s folds, he hummed, devouring his favorite treat with abandon. Dean arched his neck and moaned, the scratch of the shadow on Castiel’s jaw on his most sensitive skin almost too much yet he loved it. When he reached up with his other hand and began to fondle Dean’s cock through the underwear, though, he almost came right there.
“And that would be a failing on my part, because I didn’t think about it. But if you paused and blew on the soup first? That’s not something I would be upset about. I don’t want you to get hurt because of my negligence. It’s just like you keeping your dress from getting dirty earlier. That’s you being thoughtful and clever when I slip up and don’t consider something.” He smiled. “I
“Okay.” He ran his hand through Castiel’s hair, loving how silky the texture was, and leaned his head back on the pillows so he could look at the stars. “Thank you for bringing me here,” he said, at length.
Sam didn’t wait to be told twice, he added the last batch he’d finished to the pyramid in the fridge and threw off his apron. Dean didn’t look up from measuring ingredients, he was focused. If he could just finish five more batches, they would be half done with the pie crust they needed for the wedding. It was lucky that all four pies shared the same crust recipe and none of them required a top crust, they were all open pies.
They left, maybe a little faster than strictly necessary. When the valet returned with Castiel’s car, Dean handed over a tip and took the keys, resulting in one of the alpha’s patented head tilts, but it only lasted until Dean pushed him up against the passenger side door and distracted him with another deep kiss. He slotted one knee between the alpha’s legs, grinding up against him so that Cas almost didn’t notice Dean pulling his tie free of his collar until he was wrapping it around Castiel’s wrists.
“You didn’t come, beloved,” he said, placing a trail of kisses along the omega’s neck. “I didn’t tell you to hold back. Were you punishing yourself?”
. A thick liquid flooded his mouth, but it wasn’t disgusting the way he feared it would be. Actually, it didn’t taste like anything. It was cool on his tongue, like the purest water.
“Well, if something really fun didn’t happen to cause this, then usually it means something really bad happened.”
be novel. Maybe he should have suggested making plans, but he’d thought the alpha would bring it up himself since it had been such a long time.
Startled, he followed the command instantly and froze. A closer look had him noticing that the alpha was shaking.
“Don’t worry, Winchester,” he said. “If you fall off the stairs in front of me, I’ll just let you land on your arse.”
hated breaking up with you! I didn’t want to, I just wanted to protect you and that was the only way I could think of to do it! I never want to be apart again. Please… please say you’ll be my mate, Cas.”
“I’d say… would you have let me? Would you have dropped to your knees and bared your neck for me if I’d told you to?”
“Seriously? Wow. At least you got a cool-sounding one. I’d be pissed if I got a name that sounded like ‘urinal.’” Dean grinned as Castiel suppressed a chuckle at that. “Actually, I’m glad you’re here. Mind if I sit?” he asked, already doing so.
“Go on, then, you waited for me so patiently,” Cas said with a nod. “I won’t give you my knot right now, however, I don’t want you on your knees more than necessary. I hope that doesn’t leave you disappointed.”
He didn’t make a show out of it. He got out of his clothes and shoes and tossed them on the table, not trusting the carpet. Castiel sat on the end of the bed to take off his shoes, then stood back up and turned around to unfasten his pants and lower them with his underwear. He gestured at the mattress.
Blushing at the display of protectiveness, Dean hid his face against Castiel’s neck. “Is that why you call me that?” he asked, referring to the quote often used in marriage ceremonies.
The alpha glanced at him with a secretive little smile that was repeated when they were back in the dorm room by their tiny tree. Cas sat in his desk chair while Dean knelt on his cushion. They’d agreed on one present each this year, since they didn’t have a lot of space for things at the moment, so Dean had gotten creative. He just hoped Cas would be onboard for it.
her parent, and I know right from wrong. Maybe I’m hoping this could be a way of repenting for my mistakes. If I’d done better, this might not have happened.” He spread his hands. “It’s not much, but I can at least take care of breaking your contract and promise a little bit of compensation to go with it.”
Sam blew out a long breath. “I guess I can’t really do anything about it while you’re there and I’m here,” he muttered. “You’re right, though, I do need to meet this guy and see this for myself. I want to make sure you really are being taken care of.”
Still somehow clutching the Colt in his hand, Bast sat halfway up from his place on the ground amid broken glass and wooden shrapnel, his skin marred by a few bloody cuts. He looked up and up, high above the barn.
He shook his head. “I can’t, really, not when it was such a good move, career-wise, for both of us.”
Dean couldn’t respond to that, knowing he’d come into Castiel’s life much earlier than he was currently aware. “You’re welcome,” was all he managed.
Biting his lip, Dean considered how to explain a ‘ship,’ and settled for the easiest route. “Uh, well… Mostly, it means that what the fans
But Castiel squeezed him tight. “I’ll take it!” he declared, excitedly. How he had the energy after all they’d done, Dean had no idea. “I’ll do my best!”
“You’re making me real nervous here, dad,” said Dean, trying to smile and dispel some of the tension.
“I’m the type of man who wants his mate to look his most beautiful,” said Cas, smiling at Dean appreciatively. “I think this suits Dean best to that end. Do you not agree?”
“I have no idea,” he said, honestly. “But if I’m going to meet your family, you need to meet the one person in my life besides you who means anything to me.”
Relief hit him like a freight train as their door closed behind them. Cas took his coat and unzipped the back of the dress, helping Dean step out of it, then moved around to his front. Dean hissed in a breath as Cas gently handled the omega’s still-hard cock, tilting it slightly to see it from all angles.
Just as he was pulling his shirt over his head, the door to his trailer opened without warning, making him jump a mile.
He ran a hand through his scruffy beard, yawning. “They all like to throw their weight around. Too bad Zeddmore’s not female, I might have been able to charm my way into his good graces.”
The omega stroked his belly. It had started to cramp again when he’d tensed, worse than during the car ride. “If his stuff is at a motel, they’ll throw it out when he’s not there to pay,” he said, holding back a moan of pain.
Tears brimming in her eyes, Anna allowed herself to be held for a moment before pushing Novak away. “I can’t!”
Cas put his hands on Dean’s waist, presumably to help him off his lap, but the thought of separating, even just to the cushion on the floor at his side, felt like a physical hurt. He needed the contact. Dean tightened his arms around Castiel’s shoulders, whimpering and nuzzling his face against the alpha’s neck.
It should scare him, or at least make him anxious, Cas being this possessive of Dean. The omega had never wanted to be tied down before, never wanted to be with anyone long-term. Instead, the thought of
“That’s fine as a start,” said Dean, turning to face him with his cup of coffee in hand. “The next step is to feel out your character’s lines and change them up if you feel like it flows better. If you think it sounds unnatural, then improvise a little.”
Dean startled as someone touched his shoulder, but it was only Gabriel, kneeling behind him with scissors to cut his arms free. “We have to get your mother,” Dean told him, urgently, as Gabe assisted him to his feet. She was the only person they might listen to. “Otherwise, they could kill each other!”
“You act like you’re in rut,” Dean complained. “Get off me! You can’t just manhandle me around and treat me and other people however you want because we slept together once!”
“Castiel and I are old childhood friends, going all the way through high school,” she said. “So, you can imagine how close we were.”
The omega walked in front of Cas, the heels ensuring a slow, sexy gait, the tail ends of the ribbons fluttering like little streamers. The pearls shifted with every movement, clicking slightly against the plug, and teasing his sensitive areas. The triangle of fabric that made up the G-string left very little to the imagination, barely covering his already hardening cock. He didn’t look back to see if his alpha was following him, Dean just obeyed the order and knelt on the cushion, facing the chair. He put his hands in his lap and sat tall, waiting.
“We encourage people to open up about their concerns and troubles, and it’s not a busy confessional day,” the priest told him, good-naturedly. “Please feel free to speak your mind.”
The five of the six alphas in the room deliberately glanced at one another, all aware of what Dean meant. Alphas were known for being over-confident, loud, and overt in their attention. When they wanted something, they went for it. Cas was the only one that looked mildly confused by the invisible thing the others had just shared. “That’s typical Cassie,” said Luce. Michael nodded in confirmation.
“I’ll leave them in a place even you can’t see,” said Castiel, his lips moving against Dean’s skin. He sucked a mark into the back of Dean’s thigh and another in the crease beneath his ass. “A place only I can see, since these are just for me.” He moved to do the same to the other leg, then laved the flat of his tongue over the furled pink lips at the entrance to his cloaca. “I wish I could leave a mark on the inside, too.”
He rubbed Castiel’s arms for want of a distraction and as if reminded, the alpha pulled off his shirt and tossed it on the floor. He cast a doubtful glance behind him at his pants and underwear still around his ankles, hindered by his shoes. He shook his head; those would have to wait out the knot, and he looked back down at Dean, expectantly.
“Oh, a little while now,” he said, evasively. “But, um, it’s getting pretty serious.” Understatement. “So, I figured I should tell you.”
“That’s right, my sweet boy, I’m here and I’m yours,” Cas murmured. “Can you lift your head for me?”
“And a good excuse to cuddle,” said Dean, lifting his brows. When Castiel gave him a sidelong look, he added, “Huddling for warmth is scientifically proven!”
His face flamed red from Cas calling it ‘suckling’ in front of his brother, but the humiliation put Dean quickly in his place. “Yes, daddy,” he said, moving the cushion and himself between Castiel’s spread knees.
Cas stepped in front of her and, as if predicting the movement, Naomi grabbed him by the throat with one hand, lifting him up onto his toes with her alpha strength. Dean tried to intercede, but as he reached for her, she effortlessly pushed him down onto the floor, hard enough that he slid a few inches.
“Sure you have, everybody sees you together; it’s been kind of a spectator sport around here,” said the director, chuckling. “Although…” He gave Dean the side-eye. “It’s been less often lately. Did you guys have a fight or something?”
He breathed through the next contraction, hardly any pause at all this time from the last one. “Tell Gabriel. He’ll inform the rest of the family.”
, I felt this pull, stronger than anything I’d ever felt before, but it scared me, so I denied it. I lied to myself those six months between then and when you joined
“Well, the last time we were here,” Dean said as he walked backward, “I did something really crappy and made us both miserable. I’d like to replace that memory with a better one.”
That didn’t seem to faze her. “So it is. But you’re not going to do anything about it unless you want dear Castiel and your entire show in a world of hurt.” She smiled ferally up at Cas who was clawing at her hand, struggling for air. “Isn’t that right? Tell him, pet. Tell him this is what you want. Unless you want
“And I love her dearly,” said Castiel. “But she has her own family now, with two children who are terrified of me. Not that I can blame them.”
Once seated, Balthazar continued his talk with Castiel as they went to the wine cellar. It was soundproof so no one could hear Castiel yelling. His arms flew out to properly get his anger across to the Brit.
Balthazar had the decency to look ashamed before replying. "Look, Cassie, you'll always be my Head Chef, but Anna is about to burst any day now and you still haven't found anyone to replace her."
Rowena raised a delicate eyebrow and gave him a knowing look as she cut into the quail he had so generously brought.
His eyes suddenly landed on a man with short blonde hair, hotdog print chef pants, and an infectious smile as he held a raw quail and was singing along to the song.
Within another hour Claire was slumped over to the side cradling Miracle while she used a pile of stuffed animals as pillows.
She yawned and stretched her arms over her head. "We should have set an alarm." She said after getting her bearings.
The sound of the tupperware lid popping off filled the silent room and Dean made his way back over to where Castiel had moved back into the living room to lean against the couch on the floor.
“Uh, you want me to answer that seriously?” Jo asked from where she was adding a garnish to her own dishes to run out. “You let that skeeze ball look down your shirt and you wonder why he’s back for more?” She picked up her dishes and left to go deliver them.
He thought back to the years of growing up with Jimmy. To when Jimmy had become a father and took custody of Claire when her mom left them. He thought about the family dinners over the holidays and how Jimmy’s laughter would fill the room.
Getting back in the kitchen felt like coming home. He knew exactly where everything was and had trained his staff well when it came to tidying up properly at the end of each shift. The first week he’d set one of the line cooks straight when the poor soul had accidentally put the spices back out of order. That had been a fiasco waiting to happen.
Castiel smiled when he saw a photo of him and Jimmy together from a couple of years back. They had come out to visit him in the city and Claire had been adamant about taking their picture with the Statue of Liberty behind them. It was lopsided and out of focus, but the smile he saw on Jimmy's face was clear as day.
It was late enough into the early evening that the shadows from the school cast well onto the sidewalk and nearly the road. The taxi screeched to a stop at Castiel's command. At first he didn't notice Claire and worry hit deep in his gut until he saw the tell tale sign of the multicoloured scarf. He told the cab driver to wait and rushed out.
They both spoke at the same time. Castiel made eye contact with Claire and he could see a small smile on her face and he could tell she was sincere in her words.
Meg glared down at the line as though she could will the food to cook faster. She snatched each plate off the line as soon as they were set down, ready to be delivered. She mouthed something along the lines of, “gross perverted old man,” before turning around.
On one such day he absentmindedly took a bite of food and found himself unintentionally moaning into the bite. He opened his eyes immediately when he realized what he'd done and blushed when he made eye contact with Dean from across the table who had been watching him curiously.
They had just missed the daily meeting, which Castiel found himself suddenly wishing they hadn't since Dean seemed to like to cook for them all. Not that he was missing Dean's cooking. Rather having a growing 11 year old child who refused to eat anything he cooked made him desperate at that point.
Castiel huffed a breath of hot air but knew that Balthazar wouldn’t let him live it down if he refused. “You’ve got 2 minutes.” He said and pulled his apron off.
"Well I'd say it's a miracle you fell in front of a doctor and not someone else who could have just left you."
Dean stood up and shuffled over to where he'd thrown his jeans before climbing into bed and hobbled on one leg while he tried to shove the other into the pant leg. Yawning he slid his boots on and grabbed his jacket before putting the harness and leash on his dog.
It appeared as though Mick had gone out to the Thai restaurant and ordered him and Claire food while he was out.
Anna looked back at Castiel and gave him another mom look. One where she didn't even need to say anything, all she had to do was look at him a certain way and suddenly he was opening up about everything.
Castiel wasn't the only one impatient. He went to the window and looked down to the sidewalk to see Claire anxiously pacing back and forth. Every now and then she would glance at her batman watch that Dean had gotten her one night.
“It’s not undercooked, it’s cooked perfectly.” Castiel said and leveled the guest with his best icy glare.
He sat with her while she cried and allowed himself quiet solitude alongside her to allow some of his own tears to shed.
Inside he closed the door gently behind himself and allowed his body to sag against the solid wood. He took several deep breaths in before continuing into the rest of his home. The place was silent, except for the creaky pipes as his neighbours went about their evening routines of showering.
"I live across the hall from you, why don't you come in so I can assess your injuries." The man said. He still was holding onto the leash and Dean's hand as he led them back up the stairs.
Dean took a few forkfuls and made pleased noises as he made a show of eating. Then when one of the servers walked in declaring that some customers had started to show up, Dean stood up straight and held the bowl out for Claire to take.
Castiel turned back around unaware of what had happened and started scrambling to find them. Claire realizing her mistake pretended she didn't know what had happened and went back to peeling the zucchini.
"Oh." Dean said lamely and grabbed the pack. Their fingers brushed as he did so and his cheeks flared up once more.
Castiel chose the chair closest to the window so he could have some kind of view while he tried to sort his thoughts.
Meg held the phone against the palm of her hand and shook her head. Her sad expression stopped him and got him looking at her more seriously. “Clarence, you really want to take this one.” She pressed the phone into his hand as he walked up to her, puzzled by her attitude.
"Man it always sucks to take these down." He grunted as he reached behind Castiel to grab one of the blankets fastened to the bookshelf.
He was finishing up with Bob, his lobster guy, and setting up a time for him to deliver the lobsters when he heard the familiar southern drawl of Benny come from behind.
Cas worked quickly to assess his back, padding gently up and down his spine. Dean heard blood rush to his ears.
Cas tilted his head as he spoke. "Probably just bruised, the fact you can move your neck around is a good sign. It'll probably hurt for a little while."
Miracle was all too excited to get the attention as well as follow his neighbour the rest of the way down the stairs. Dean heard the door to the patio on the floor below open and shut so he used that time to sit up and assess his situation. What felt like both an eternity and no time at all passed and soon enough the man and his dog was back. Dean had barely sat up fully by the time they'd returned.
Castiel glanced up at him through his dark eyelashes which caused Dean's stomach to flutter. "That's not what I had in mind, no." He held up a packet of Advil from the pack.
“Aw see, now what would I do without you, Clarence?” Meg said in her singsong voice, saved specially for Castiel.
Falling into the rhythm of going to therapy, taking Claire to school, picking her up and taking her to the restaurant was easy enough. Even the morning market runs.
But everything came to a head later into service as things kept piling up and he wasn't able to keep up with all of the orders.
Sergei opened his mouth in a silent "oh" and got his cellphone out. Castiel was surprised flip phones were still available but didn't question further once Sergei had dialed for help.
"Uh huh." His fingers ran up and down Dean's arms and if he hadn't just fallen down the stairs he would have said it was Cas's way of feeling Dean up. "Does it hurt when I put pressure here?"
I'm not going to stay the night obviously. I just mean that like...cuddling in general. It's cool. You're cool."
"Hey, uh, thanks again for...you know." Dean waved a hand as though that would effectively finish his sentence.
And there it was again. That nickname. Dean had used it regularly throughout the night, though Castiel had never had occasion to bring it up to him. What with all the charades etc.
By the time everything was done it was early into the evening. Castiel walked into his home and smiled leaning against the door.
The wife, a mousey character, quietly stood up and kept her head ducked low. Clearly used to her husband's antics and wanting to get as far away as possible. She shuffled out from her chair and followed her husband as he left.
Castiel inhaled as he wrapped his apron around his waist and exhaled as he tied it around his front. It was his way of grounding himself before the inevitable start of a busy Thursday night dinner rush at The Bite of Heaven. Though no one really called it by the full name, his friend and owner of the restaurant Balthazar, had come up with it. More popularly it was known as The Bite.
Dean smiled as he was lost in memory. "Yeah that's my baby. I built her back up myself and have always been good with cars so just figured I'd stick with that and support Sammy through college." He continued his story. "So he made me promise him that I'd get an education first and I agreed to cooking after he sat down with me and went through tons of those college admit books trying to find something I'd like."
The new chef spun around and leveled Castiel with such an excited look that made his eyes sparkle. Had Castiel not been so perplexed as to what the hell was going on, he probably would have found it beautiful. As it was, though, he was pissed off instead.
His dog, Miracle, also hadn't been something he'd expected. Dean wasn't the kind of guy to find a stray dog abandoned at an old gas station in dire need of medical care and just leave it there. Hence the name Miracle for him being so lucky to still be alive.
“Have I ever done you wrong?” Benny’s southern accent was most prominent in the morning, and even more so when he knew he was impressing Castiel. He leaned down and pointed to his cheek. “Promise is a promise.”
"Yeah her dad wasn't too pleased when he found us in the supply cupboard. But he did teach me a lot of what I know, and then I managed to find other restaurants to work in and chefs to learn under. It was amazing, but I missed being close to Sammy so I moved back. And I've been studying under as many master chefs as possible since then."
"So what should I do?" Castiel asked. "I thought you wanted me helping?" He asked his final question to Claire
They moved into the fort and got themselves situated amongst the stuffed animals. Claire sat in between Castiel and Dean at first. And as the night went on Castiel found himself somehow sitting shoulder to shoulder with Dean.
"This room is mine, and this one," he said as he opened the door to what used to be the spare bedroom but would then be Claire's, "this is your room. See it's right across the hall, so if you need anything from me you can just come and knock. And the bathroom is just here in between the two."
"And get on your Uncle's bad side again? No thank you sweetheart. It took forever to get out of the dog house and I'm not about to screw that up again." He called over his shoulder as he leaned down to grab the dough from the fridge. "Does he usually hold a grudge for that long?"
The two bid farewell and Dean managed to get back to bed without more fuss from Miracle. Even though his body was still sore, he managed to fall asleep with a certain blue eyed doctor gracing his dreams.
Anna held up her hand to her mouth when she saw him walk in. Balthazar had just finished talking about the wine selections he wanted the servers to push that evening when Castiel had walked in.
He didn't bother locking his apartment knowing it would be a quick in and out deal. Miracle was ecstatic and immediately started pulling him down the hall towards the stairs. "Someone's impatient." He mumbled and opened the door to the stairwell. He barely made it halfway when Miracle wound his way around him with the leash.
"I should probably actually get going." Dean sighed, and then with a sudden wave of boldness added, "unless if the doctor's orders are meant to stay the night." He waggled his eyebrows suggestively.
“Oh yeah?” Castiel asked, clearly amused, “What kinds of foods does she eat these days?” It’s not that he didn’t have faith in his cooking abilities, however dealing with a preteen child usually meant dealing with the pickiness of one. He’d rather be prepared than deal with last minute runs to the store to get something she would want.
Right into the new dishwasher who was carrying a bin of plates needing to be cleaned. Meg cursed under her breath as the plates she’d grabbed went flying out of her hands and landed on the ground with a loud crash.
Everything seemed to happen in fast-forward after that. Suddenly the ambulance was there and they were loading Anna into the back with Castiel at her side. They had called Anna's wife, but her office was on the other side of town and Castiel couldn't very well leave Anna alone at the hospital in labor.
"Seriously man I'll be fine. I've had worse." Dean tried to say. The answering bitch face he got in return could give his brother Sammy a run for his money.
Who knew that the person cooking in your kitchen would once have been someone you held a grudge against could be so…complicated?
"Oh and what is that?" Castiel asked and raised an eyebrow as he spoke, his mouth twitching up into a smirk-like smile he seemed to have reserved only for Dean those days.
"I can't get her to eat anything. Nothing I make. And I try to make things kids like, but she just doesn't want anything I make." Castiel said somberly. He knew that it wasn't healthy for her to continue to restrict her diet, and he was finding he was desperate for anything at that point. The only solace he seemed to find was that she at least ate the school lunches the school provided upon asking them one day about the lunch charges she'd been sent home with. It also explained why she never touched the lunches he sent with her.
Balthazar was thankfully in the middle of dealing with a vendor when they walked in. He shot Castiel a look that said "we'll talk later" upon seeing Claire but otherwise let them continue past.
He couldn't help but feed off Claire's good mood. He hoped it would infect everyone else too and they wouldn't give him a hard time over bringing her in.
Castiel knew that Jimmy would want to be laid to rest close by and didn't have attachments to any cemetery back in Illinois, so he chose one close to home for them both to visit. It was a small event. Just Claire and Castiel were the ones who attended as no one else in the city knew who Jimmy was.
“She’s beautiful, Cassie, you won’t recognize her. She's gotten so big since the last time you saw her.” Ok so maybe nicknames also extended to his brother as well. He was family after all.
He smiled and pulled the chopsticks off his door and then opened it. He found his home to be completely silent. He took his coat and shoes off and padded down the hallway to Claire's room only to find it empty.
"Where's dad?" She rasped out through split lips, and an overwhelming abundance of emotion she was struggling to keep at bay. Castiel could see the tears in her eyes about to spill at any second. She knew what was coming and he didn’t know how to broach the subject.
When he leaned up next to Claire he reached over and made a show of grabbing the basil from earlier, smelling it again, and then taking a pinch of it and sprinkling it over the noodles.
"My dad used to take us hunting and me and Sammy would have competitions at night with the flashlights." He shrugged off the explanation as though it were nothing. Castiel couldn't help the swell of admiration and couldn't stop himself from smiling in response.
"Sammy being Sammy was all 'Dean you can't just not get an education because of me.' See I kind of assumed I'd just take over the family business my Uncle Bobby has at his auto shop. You saw my baby outside yeah?"
“Ah! Castiel! So good to see you!” Mick said as he bounded up the steps. “Are you just coming or going?”
For once Castiel found himself lying on the couch instead of standing at the window. It was very cliche of him, he thought.
Claire had wanted them all to get together on Sunday since the restaurant would be closed that day as it was every Sunday. She hadn't specified exactly what she wanted them to cook, she had merely stated she wanted the day of cooking with Dean and him. Together.
He felt guilty for taking Claire along, but the excitement in her eyes in being included in every conversation and the vendors answering all of her questions made him happy at the same time.
Castiel exhaled the breath he was holding and headed back home to change. It was the day he was to meet with Anna and their vendor for truffles. And he really didn't want to show up looking as haggard as he felt.
Castiel hummed in response and moved his hands to the back of Dean's head. "You hit your head pretty hard, but it doesn't look like it's bleeding."
Castiel felt something heavy tighten in his stomach, "Claire I'm so sorry. Anna's water broke and her wife was on the other side of town so I went with to the hospital. She had her baby and I lost track of time."
The past few weeks had been hectic, and with the new chef on the horizon of things to deal with, Castiel was too exhausted to think further on the matter.
They both said at the same time. Neither made a move to exit and they stood staring at each other awkwardly.
The kitchen was soon enough bustling with ticket orders and Castiel was in his element slinging directions left and right. “I need a lobster for table 4, a poached quail for table 7, and 2 medium rare steaks with grilled asparagus for table 14. Come on guys, pick up the pace. Let's get some food on these plates! Where are the beef tenderloins?” Castiel called out from his station on the opposite side of the line cooks where the food tickets were waiting for their respective dishes.
"It's no problem." Dean said and lingered in Cas's personal space. Dean licked his lips as his eyes darted down to catch a glimpse of Cas's mouth.
Cas felt his heartbeat speed up and could feel knots twisting in his stomach as they inched closer. Their faces mere centimeters apart. And then.
"This one is Miracle." She said as she held up a ratty old stuffed animal of what was once a dog but over time turned into more of a sad lump of a toy with floppy ears.
Dean always made sure to keep her involved in everything going on. He even taught her about potatoes and told her that as kids he and his brother Sammy used to grow them in discarded tires at their Uncle Bobby's place. She would then help him wash and peel them. Castiel found himself once more grateful for the blonde chef at his openness with his niece.
Dean snorted and raised an eyebrow. "What, you saying you don't know your own skills in the kitchen, Cas?"
His fingers shook as he held them over the answering machine. He clicked the messages again and listened to his brother's voice fill the empty space in the halls of his apartment. He wasn't sure how long he spent listening to the message over again, but eventually he managed to get his legs working enough to move into the bedroom.
Dean walked over and whistled low when he saw the progress she'd made. "I dunno looks pretty swanky to me."
They ended up lounging on the couch together. They had about an hour and a half before Claire had to be at school.
He was jostled from his thoughts by a loud clatter at the door. Meg was clearly in one of her own moods, and from the sounds of everything it had something to do with the same pervy customer from the other night.
"Yeah kid you've got the hang of it! Try flicking your wrist like this," he demonstrated with his own hands, "and you should really get some air on that thing. Just be careful not to stick it on the ceiling. That's never fun to clean up."
"Oh my god. Ok." Castiel looked around frantically but no one else was around. "Alright we need to call 911."
“I’m telling you, it’s undercooked. If we wanted it raw, we would have gone to the store instead of coming in here and cooked it at home.” The husband said in an angry huff.
Maybe it was the good mood of knowing his brother and niece were visiting, maybe it was the new recipe he was glad he got to try before going into his session, but whatever it was Castiel found himself on the opposite end of rapid fire questions regarding his love life that afternoon from Rowena.
Dean’s breath leaves him in one loud go. The air seems lighter for Gabriel’s words and how quietly John receives them. His father isn’t one for grand changes of heart. He is a slow processor, John Winchester, and it will take him another few days, if not more, to think this over. Line up the puzzle pieces for himself, before he admits the Novaks looked harder for the truth than he did.
The words come out rushed, Cas’ timbre pitched low, and his scent billows under the door, clinging to the damp air and to each of Dean’s senses. His tongue, his skin… and the less silenced part of him rears its head.
“Not yet, but I wanna remedy that, so whaddayasay? Let me inside, I’ll make sure this place has enough money to give you a generous tip tonight.”
Which is how Dean finds himself, a touch forlorn, on the city pavement in his wolf form, right beside the dark wolf that is Castiel ‘Angel’ Novak, whose fur around his ear is still sparkling a betraying, iridescent blue. They’re both panting and recovering. Castiel eyes him intensely, but Dean pointedly ignores that.
“Hmm. Yes, I can tell you don’t care. Your scent certainly suggests as much and I’m not even trying to sniff you out.”
“Oh, your eyes are even prettier like this.” Michael laughs, as he twists his neck until he can look at John. “What do you say? I’ll take both Omegas off your hands. Clearly you don’t want them, if you feel the need to hide ‘em.”
Cas hums doubtfully, kind eyes skittering across Dean’s face, as if he’s easily picking out the lie. “She’s a beautiful car.”
Dean can’t help the little part of himself that’s impressed with how a simple namedrop can have such an effect. The Winchester name has the same potential, but there’s something different in this one’s undercurrent.
Not much of a talker, Cas. Exceptional focus though. Lucky, lucky Dean for having all that considerable generosity all to himself. Cas went to buy him toys. Part of him was scandalized, another part charmed, but in the end, all of him was too horny to care anymore. At first, he was nervous. Until it turned out, Cas knew exactly what Dean needed, even before Dean had a chance to lament needing anything at all.
Dean doesn’t want to change back. Somewhere along the chase, he also lost sight of his initial goal, which was to get rid of this Alpha.
Dean rolls into the sheets, heedless of the fact that this isn’t his room and buries his face in the pillow that smells like cocktails with umbrellas by the ocean. And leather. Strange blend. A flash of warmth lights up his abdomen, a swirling need growing urgent, while desire travels up his spine to take control of his brain.
He curses, getting water in his mouth, and knocks the tap closed. With a sigh, he leans his forehead to the tiles for a little while longer, willing his brain to stop running in control-obsessed circles. Wrapping a towel around his waist, he throws another over his shoulders, drying his hair as he pads out to the room. “How do I smell?”
“Here,” Sam hums, holding out a box and little jar. “Castiel brought the blockers… From the Novak stash. I went to get you some suppressants. They only had generic ones.”
Castiel regards him quietly, almost solemn, and lets him rant, but the gentle expectancy in his expression makes Dean falter.
“Your home is still your home, if you want it to be. I’m not expecting anything one way or the other… Not after all this and not while we don’t know what’s what about your mother…”
The kiss is an instant balm. He pulls Cas on top without hesitation, legs opening and wrapping around his waist. Impatience sudden and intense, he tugs at his robe, trying to get it off. Surprisingly collected, Cas assists him. Dean protests when he sits up, until he realizes he intends to give in to Dean's request. He strips down.
. He collapses onto his chest. Stays there for a while, until he rolls onto his side and opens his eyes. He finds the Alpha looking at him, expression much too soft. Except for that horrid attitude in the little ways.
Never back down. Go for the throat. He juts his chin out, when Castiel makes eye contact again, daring the Alpha to wink or smirk or… anything that he shouldn’t have been doing this whole fucking time. What is
Cas’ eyes flash red. Dean makes sure to keep his expression cute and adjusts so his body’s glued to Cas, chest to hip, his leg draped over Cas’ thigh.
“Oh, shut uuuup,” he whines quietly at his Omega. Or his biology. His heat. “I hate everything about this.”
He can’t sniff out Castiel through his own distress. Not quite panic yet, it’s coming fucking close. He’s still getting chased through the city, but at least he isn’t drunk anymore. Nothing like wolfing out with your true mate to chase the buzz. And, hey, big plus, he isn't being chased by those four douchebags. It’s
He idly wonders if the nitty gritty reality would live up to the charm that’s being tossed around like
. Castiel’s eyes are nearly all blue, pupils reduced to terrifyingly focused pinpricks, as he sits completely still, his attention somehow on both Dean and Michael.
His heart hammers louder. Whatever this becomes, he’s suddenly acutely aware this whole ‘not unless you ask for it’ thing is going to blow up in his face. Depends on how much of a bastard Cas wants to be, when it comes down to it.
Surprised, Dean meets him in a half-hug, while Cas wraps a towel around his shoulders, giving his hair a quick rub. It’s a surprising gesture that makes him laugh, but soon they’re moving towards the room. The sight of the nest makes Dean walk faster, a particular type of attention taking hold. It’s precise in purpose, driven by instinct. Want.
“Why are you so worked up about this? Not like you’re the one who set off a Novak’s true mate mark.”
“No need for formality, this time around,” Gabriel says. “Run us through your ideas. I think we’re on the same page.”
“Very cute,” Castiel grins. “I said it’s bullshit. Your father might be convinced of that. Society as a whole, less so.”
But he breathes out the air he was holding and Castiel sighs with annoyance. They fall silent and he stays where he is, fatigue clouding up his mind and making it difficult to stay awake.
“No, it’s… It’s fine. Really. He said he wouldn’t breed or fuck me, no matter how much I asked and he likes for me to state explicitly what I want.”
Dutifully, he gives Cas A Look and proceeds to blow at the dark liquid. Cas stands there, his own mug in hand, a casual air to his body language. Everything else, not so much.
Gabriel hugs Castiel tightly, as if they haven’t seen each other in months. As if something horrid might have befallen him in Dean’s presence.
“I didn’t,” Castiel grouses, frowning as if he’s confused. “Trust me, I’m not usually prone to losing control so easily.”
It takes John’s whip of a voice to get him to move and then it’s an almost robotic affair. He wills himself to sit up straight, reading every unspoken order in each of John’s mannerisms.
His obnoxious self, right alongside Cas’ aggravating and beautiful self. Cas’ temper is a joy to lure out, teetering on that delightful edge of what they both need. At heart, he’s all soft and he keeps every promise he made. Even the ones Dean never heard, because he was caught up in his own mind or his heat.
Blinking, his wolf brain is slow to process, but he’s definitely seeing a handful of four poster beds with white curtains, caught in a warm, nightly breeze. There are lights curling around the posts and the frame.
Castiel, who regards him in quiet moments, until Dean breaks the silence, because he’s like that too, and then engages him on whatever random subject he blurted out. Much like that night in the bed by the ocean.
He swallows two pills, before applying the blockers to his neck and wrists, trying not to sniff the canister for residual Castiel scent. Sam makes meaningful eye contact, as if he has half a mind of prying further, but Dean ducks out of the conversation and into the bathroom. He makes sure to rub plenty around his groin and resolves to wear one of his heavier pairs of underwear. The last thing he needs is to sit in that same, stuffy meeting room, Cas in full view, when he figures out Dean is slicking. ‘Cause the odds are not in his favour.
“I’ll do anything you need. I swear on my own mother’s soul, I will not touch you, unless you ask or take initiative. I will not breed you throughout your heat, not even when you beg…”
Instead of the source of that scent leaving, the bed moves with an added weight, and he groans louder, squeezing his eyes shut. They fly open the next second when his skin tingles under the close proximity of his Alpha.
Cas lets out a pleased peal of laughter, while he turns his considerable mass and attention back to Dean, his form leaning over.
Gabriel makes eyes at the lot of them. Dean isn’t sure what to expect, but his attention is drawn to the folder under Gabriel’s hands. Not a particularly thick one. Doesn’t mean that whatever is in there can’t pack a punch. He’s fairly certain it will and it’s making his hands sweaty. He senses Cas looking at him, catches the minute way Cas tilts his head in the smallest 'stay close' gesture.
He’s as tactile as Dean, which is a complete out of body experience, if he wasn’t being held. Yes, held. Cas holds him as if he’s something special and damn if he doesn’t crave the touch. If given half a chance, Dean likes to be in physical contact with a loved one. It drives Sam nuts, when he keeps shoving his feet under his brother’s leg on the couch. He, Sam and Charlie slept together for the longest time as pups, until Dean presented and John took them apart. He loved to nest, but barely ever gets to do that.
He isn’t sure what he’s asking for, but he needs something. To occupy his mind, but he’s never been in this state before, so he doesn't understand.
His Omega preens at the praise. He tries his best not to sit closer to Cas than is strictly necessary on the ride back.
He rounds a corner and inhales the nightly ocean breeze. Without hesitation, he takes the embankment and runs parallel to the beach. It meanders, bends and twists, and Dean lets his Omega run the show, which sends Castiel scrabbling to keep up more than once.
Diagonally across from him now sits Castiel, the picture of true Alpha ease, who very consciously seeks Dean out when he’s introduced and inclines his head. It’s a minute gesture, polite in its intent at first, until he adds the most suggestive wink. His tongue flicks over a canine as he shoots Dean a flash of a smile, as if they’re anywhere
But he’s moving towards the bed at the top of the hill, Castiel audibly in pursuit. Whatever’s going on in this guy’s head, his scent betrays little of it. And why is he picking up on his scent anyway?
A rumble vibrates in Castiel, palpable through every square inch where they’re touching (it’s a lot), and he sighs when Castiel pulls the blanket up to his jawline. The arm that’s pinned down by Dean’s weight moves until he’s got it pressed across his upper back. Strong and secure, Dean’s never been swaddled like this before.
Cas’ eyes go wide and Gabriel lets out a heartfelt whoop. It sets off the room into movement. Lucifer rises and taps two fingers to his temple in greeting. John leans back, holding the folder close to his chest. Upon seeing Sam slip behind Gabriel’s chair and give the Novak leader a quick shoulder squeeze, Dean grabs Cas’ hand tight. Blue eyes flick over to where Dean's looking. His mate gets it. Dean melts a little, when Cas is quick to stand up and shake Sam’s hand. His brother, of course,
“As advised, I’ll keep it simple,” Gabriel says, glancing at Sam. He slides the folder over to John. “If I’m right and I’m fairly certain I am - we are - this should lead you to Mary’s killers.”
He didn’t refuse the massage outright, though it took him a few hours to take Cas up on it. And then he voiced several boundaries, which Cas all took in stride, his smile growing until Dean huffed and just turned onto his side, his back to Cas in an obvious ‘hop to it’ gesture.
Feeling pleasantly full, Dean lets his weight drop sideways, leaning into Cas. They’re on the couch, the television on, but he’s not paying much attention.
His breathing slows as he parts his lips, subtly breathing in… Searching. There’s a hint of something sour. His Omega instincts fuss, gently, softly, and he looks closer. Almost immediately he spots the anomaly in the picture. Cas isn’t reading, at least, not anymore.
Cas hovers right behind him, his breath warm on Dean’s skin. The air around them is chilly, but he’s bundled up warm. He’s also armed and wearing kevlar. His trusty gun and machete feel somewhat strange in his hands. He hasn't used them in a while.
His thoughts track to the rival pack leader, Gabriel Novak. Refreshingly, the man is a Beta, filling the shoes of their surly Alpha, Chuck, who passed last year. Sources say he is a reasonable man, albeit an eccentric and unpredictable one. He’s been known to strike deals with packs and take the piss out of them the week after. With so many secondary gender egos in the game, that rarely lands well. The Novaks can afford a few toes stepped on. Except for the Winchesters. Dean wants to believe the shit won't hit the fan because of Gabriel Novak and their family’s reputation.
Cas’ jaws clenches, lips pursed tight. His face is set in alarming focus, but laced with a softer intent. “Out of the tub. Come on.”
“Dean?” John says, his voice finally making it through. “I believe you were in the middle of something last time.”
One of her friends, the burly type, steps closer and gives Dean a shameless sniff, his hand coming up to the back of his neck. “Ooh, don’t you smell wanting…”
Fucking biology is getting to him and he loathes it with every harsh breath that is pushed out of him as he runsrunsrunsruns through unfamiliar territory. Facades, people, lights become a blur. He leaps across a few benches, chuffing in amusement at the screams that provokes, but shit if the cops get involved. John’s going to have his hide.
Sam is the first to meet them in the lobby, his mass approaching Dean at an alarming speed before he’s crushed into a hug. “Where the hell were you? Oh, you
or I’m leaving you right here.” Dean’s stomach flips and his heart beats louder, while all but freezing over at the same time.
No point in resisting, when Castiel smiles warmly at his laughter. The moment stretches out into a silence, which Castiel comfortably holds, face oozing expectancy, until Dean starts to squirm.
John’s eyes flash and his jaw clenches, along with his fists, but the fire goes out of him as abruptly as it came on. “No.”
He’s aware of Cas’ return before he hears or sees him. His body quivers under the breath that reels in Cas’ essence and he grips himself looser, wanting to unwind. Pricks his ears to catch the rustle of the bag through the din of the water, while Cas unpacks, before his scent crests with interest at hearing Dean.
“Yeah,” he says, throat constricted. He disengages and pats Sam on the cheek. “Yeah, I know. Thanks for dropping by.”
Okay, he’s been difficult about that too. If he lies down fully, he’ll relax and be at Cas’ mercy. Sort of. Maybe he’s being dramatic.
Blocking the book with her arm, Charlie smiles at the oldest Novak son, whose face gives away little to nothing. A sense of disdain, but that looks to be his default setting. The man gifts them a disinterested shrug and turns his attention to the obligatory introductions, when his name is called. He nods at John and cocks his head at Sam. As far as Dean can tell, he doesn't look like a usurped, angry Alpha. Behind Gabriel, who’s oozing all sorts of smug charm, bound to piss off John, is Michael. Dude stands like he’s running bootcamp and about to yell them in line.
“I’m aware. Your father can’t know.” He smiles at Dean, but it’s so incredibly sad, when he covers it with bluster. “Yet.”
Figures Castiel Novak’s hands are magic. His body’s not believing the tricks yet, leaving him stuck in his head rather than enjoying the show, no matter how desperately he wants to.
They start to crowd him and he tilts sideways, allowing the slur to come through harder. “Hey now, ‘s not a party till someone gets insulted, right?”
“Yeah, well, we didn’t, okay? Not like you have any say over it, but you can stop clutching your pearls.”
Glowering, he settles back into the warmth of the blanket and Castiel’s arms, before he does something stupid. He’s too intrigued by Castiel to forego being able to see his face though. He wants to feel that scruff and push his nose in the very messy hair. Does this guy ever comb it?
“To at least talk to you,” Castiel says. “Apologize on my brother’s behalf. I’d say he’s adopted, but the best I can claim is half-brother, really.”
He falls silent and Dean freezes. There are pictures. Five of them, he counts, as John spreads them out. All of them show Mary with a Novak: Chuck, back when he was still in charge. Then Gabriel in a gaudy, dramatic outfit. Then Gabriel and a younger-looking Castiel, who’s clearly posturing.
give unsolicited advice. Only makes certain offers, when it’s beyond obvious Dean is uncomfortable or in downright pain.
he’s saying, but he kinda wishes he could hear, because he has never seen anyone get all flustered and shaky so quickly. Charmed too, if the smile and dilated pupils are any indication. Dean sniffs in annoyance.
He’s never liked being in heat. It’s a sticky, needy endeavour, which lasts too long, especially without a partner. Time seems to slow down when you’re miserable. He’s always gone through his heats alone, barring an escort here and there, when he got thoroughly fed up with having to hide. They’re bound by discretion more than most people he’s encountered in bars, getting drunk and hustling pool. A lot more adventurous too.
He whines and curls in on himself, his hand snatching out to grab at Cas’ shirt, and surrenders to his heat.
“Yes, there’s an exhibition I want to go see - “ Dean groans and accepts the shove he gets in good humour. “- you don’t even know what about!”
Cas is right behind him, large hands skimming over his lower back, then sideways across his ribs. His muscles jump in reflex and he sinks into the sheets, covering Cas’ hands with his own, as he glances over his shoulder.
And whatever Cas’ instincts say next hits him hard, while Cas laces their fingers together and pulls at him as if he’s a bow. Taut and eager for release.
Arms crossed on the counter, Dean tilts his head, baring his neck a smidge, before he swamps the guy's vision with nothing but pure sass.
It’s still awkward as all hell, when he finds himself trying to navigate the changing relationship with his father alongside the one he has with Cas. Freely, as he’s used to at home. With John around, they each seem to perform a dance which none of the others know the steps to. Cas is, of course, as patient with John - now - as he has been with Dean from the start. He also keeps a hawkeye out for any untoward behaviour or slipping back into old patterns. So far, he has not had to act on his observations.
“Ahh,” Castiel says, as he steps back. “Of course. And I don’t think my brother implied we would shower together.”
And, despite the deep-seated curiosity that cuts through his scent and takes Dean’s breath away, Castiel removes his hand. Tugs the fabric back into place. When he looks up at Dean, his eyebrows tick up a nudge as he places his hand down over the denim of his pants and shirt. Over the hipbone, the warmth and intention behind the gesture already white-hot without the skin on skin contact.
“Unless it’s old Hollywood movies, vintage cars or, I dunno, strange and colourful fungi from across the globe, I doubt your pick would be my pick.”
Cas nips at his ear, as he works the toy in and out of him faster, ratcheting up Dean’s noises, the squelch of his slick as heavy on the air as his scent. His voice lands, seductive and deep, in an intimate whisper that has Dean’s eyes going wide.
Casting his eyes down, he tries to work his way around Cas knowing his mom. Somehow he’s hung up on it, the scar of her loss aching dully.
He groans, brain firing with the urge to ask Cas again, to tempt him and meet his Alpha’s needs. “Cas…”
Somehow, even like this, that last word feels out of place. As if Castiel ever asks anyone anything. He takes. Dean rumbles in building frustration, when Castiel nudges his big head towards the hill.
Dean rolls his eyes and disengages from the invasive touch. Why Omegas gotta bow, when it’s everyone else crossing their boundaries is beyond him. “Dude, let me in.”
Castiel’s voice is heavy with amusement, when he leans into Dean’s personal space. His breath smells pleasant and suddenly Dean’s wrapped up in that same self-assured, flirty vibe he witnessed during the meeting. Except now he can almost taste it.
The impact of being cast out has been forgiving. Barring that moment with Sam, Dean hasn’t truly felt miserable, but it seems his heat is bringing to the surface all kinds of emotions he’d rather stuff in some dank, dark hole. It’s also, for the first time since losing his mom, forced him to tears. Honest to God tears. Thankfully, not after sex or anything. Dignity or some such.
Oh, sure. First he barely speaks and then he gets all Alpha-asshat on him again. Dean groans when the twinkling face crowds his vision and closes his eyes, even while he opens his arms to pull Cas in. He smiles when Cas lets out a deep purr, provoked by the amount of Omega slick he’s been licking up no doubt, and presses his nose to Dean’s neck.
He shakes his head, a flash of warmth shooting through him at the idea. “No. Not like that. Maybe,” he says, glowering at Sam through the confusion. “It might be difficult to be anywhere but in that room soon.”
John grimaces, clearly at war with himself, until he nods. “I guess we can pick up where we left off the first time around then.”
“Coming?” Castiel asks darkly, hand pushing at the velvet curtain that separates them from the world within in a twisted version of the Wizard of Oz’ curtain.
Every word Cas speaks sends the Alpha’s scent spiking. They’re promises and he believes them, making his Omega all gooey and eager to submit. He realizes the odds of him begging Cas to do exactly that are not as small as he’d have said two days ago.
Dean doesn’t dare look at his father, his gut in writhing knots at the turn this took. It’s going to be on him, when this goes south. Instead, he drags Michael off the table and sends him flailing backwards. With his training, Michael recovers quickly enough and looks as if he might lunge for Dean, until both Sam and Charlie step up. The fact that his father doesn’t shouldn’t bother him. John never has. Not for Dean.
“Most of that was bullshit, Dean-o, and I’ll thank you for not hurting my brother. But you’re right about the shower. Both of you.”
“I thought,” he continues, voice south of a whisper, leaning closer, the air between them crackling with sudden energy, “I’d be alone my whole life. That there was no one out there and… this…”
“Chuck was many things, but he was never a gratuitous killer. Mary accepted his answer and he let her go. We,” Gabriel gestures at himself and Castiel, “We told her to contact us, when either one of us took over. Back then, it wasn’t clear…”
