“Jefferson Hope happened,” Sherlock snaps, and he yanks on one side of the reins until Redbeard gets the message and pulls away from Gladstone’s side, where he appears to have been stuck. It’s cold, wet, and he just wants to get home. Perhaps he’ll catch influenza, or a cold, and he’ll have a legitimate excuse to not get out of bed on the day of the Races--
His eyes are glued to hers. Hers, that speak of a death at the bottom of the sea and corpses caught in rocks, and his, that speak of light blue skies and the land.
I literally cannot believe I had to add ANOTHER chapter, but an extra showdown scene arrived, which would've placed this chapter WELL ABOVE 25k! but hey, at least now it'll all be tied up by the end. ;) enjoy the last day before the Races - filled with some Moriarty hints and some romance!
Try as he might, the spider won’t dislodge from his mind. Moriarty’s veiled threats echo around the studio flat, curling around the unswept corners and haunting the slivers of shadow in the floorboards.
No, he cannot see what Mycroft could not see past. Thisby is beautiful. The fish stink, but they shimmer with a ripeness that cannot come from mainland fish. Even the horses are beautiful, their iridescence, their songs, meant to be listened to from under the water, their forward-facing fish eyes. Even the murderous ones, the dark ones, the man-killers. It’s possible Sherlock’s biggest enemy will not be a horse that he does not know. It could be Lestrade's horse, or Mary.
The spider steps closer, appearing from the dark. Sherlock’s vision adjusts to this lapse in light outside of Skarmouth.
“You must have been somewhere last night, and it wasn’t Molly Hooper or Mrs Turner, because I phoned, young man.”
“There’s a woman living here with me,” Sherlock begins, ignoring John’s surprised, almost suspicious eyes—
She thinks he's here for a drink. His face warms, and he tries to sound firm. “I’m here to sign up for the Races.”
Sherlock doesn’t grace him with a response. John holds up his stopwatch and points out a man down on the beaches, asking, “How fast d’you think his horse is?” And it sounds like a challenge.
Janine grins, her lipstick and hair as perfect as ever (which Sherlock silently compares to his own - product in, he should be fine), and turns around to the many bottles by the mirrors in the back.
Sherlock rises early and drags Redbeard from his stall. The stallion puts up a fit. He’s not had a good time of going out lately. Sherlock’s never really brought him outside during November and October before, never had to, never wanted to. He was always scared for the horse’s life, and for his own, because, surely, if Redbeard encountered a water horse, he’d be horrified and leap away from Sherlock.
.” This cannot be compromised. He already had no say in where or when this rendezvous would occur. He must gain an advantage quickly into the conversation. That cannot be done if Moriarty brings John into the workings.
Obvious, but utterly groundshaking in its deviation from the lowy, boring standard of crime on Thisby. Gambling isn’t even illegal, like it just became on the mainland. There’s too much of an economic angle on the riders of the Races. Besides, even if it was outlawed, it would continue, and everyone would keep doing it.
For one moment, the world slowed. The ocean's thrusts, so far below, no longer slugged entire foul-smelling kelp forests onto the shore, the fulmars did not flex their wings and did not cry overhead, and the island held its breath.
The best solution reveals itself a split-second later. Naturally, John will have to accompany him to the crime scene. If John is with him, then, Mycroft wouldn’t be able to come over and collect his data bug, John won’t putter about the flat, and Sherlock will hear ‘outstanding’ again.
They didn't even bother with the desk, so Sherlock really can't be faulted for continuing on his own. A museum makes the most sense, but murders rarely follow the path of most sense. Especially when there is a magic sword and live knight figurine involved.
Sherlock shakes and John strokes him through it, drawn-out longer by John’s cock moving inside of him. Flutters of gratifying shocks echo over his sensitive nerves, sending wracks of endless tremors down his legs.
deep within him that Moriarty also tore the pages from his books to give to the poisoned tourist, only to recover it after his death and before the police appeared on the scene, so that no one but Sherlock could open it. But there’s a lack of proof. Anything he could bring to Lestrade right now would make him look insane. More insane than usual.
“I do not know why I arrive here when I do, but I’m real. Sometimes, magic is without reason.” John stops. A beat. “I may be taller than you.”
Sherlock wouldn't admit it if pressed, but it's perhaps the most nerve wracking thing he's ever said.
“Well,” Moriarty says again, “the things I want from you are not appropriate to speak of on this beach. But that’s not me, that’s what Magnussen would say, the dear tool. I only ever wanted to talk with you.”
Because obviously John cannot be seen by any of the Yard. Selling the idea of John being a tiny robot of Sherlock’s own invention is an option, but not when John so vocally and adamantly insists he is a live human being.
The drums throb in Sherlock’s ears as he shoves his hands into the pockets of his long dark coat. He’s trying not to be seen. He only needs to wait until the rider’s parade. Bicycles lie up propped up against the walls like a pack of coyotes, shoved into and over each other as room had run out. Firelight and yellow hazing circles from the streetlamps cast high shadows against the stone walls. Around the throats of girls that sweep through the streets are necklaces made of punctured shells, and there are jingling bells tied around their wrists and ankles. The noise reminds him of the blonde mare on the beach, the one Watson had wrestled.
He tries hard not to picture John outside of the door. It gives him a last, feeble source of strength.
Sherlock clears his throat. “He must’ve known you would see these books. It was deliberate. There are two copies of
.” Stupid things he'd never deigned to believe in. He’d threatened the younger boys in school with sea wishes, if he was feeling as though he was under attack. It came to a point where over half of the school believed Sherlock was a witch, because he could tell who’s parents were getting a divorce and whose were eaten by a water horse last autumn by only looking at their shoes.
He doesn’t see anything besides the crests and falls of the waves. The dark blue-black and the occasional tumble of foam. These waters conceal anything that may be swimming below. In two weeks, Sherlock will be on the other side of the island, right beside this saltwater, on Redbeard, racing alongside the giant
Sherlock kicks at Redbeard, but the horse squeals and rears, and threatening to throw Sherlock off. He hangs on tightly, pulling on his mane, and jolts with the landing so hard that it makes his teeth clack together. Then he’s sitting up, and pulling back the reins so Redbeard won’t go running off again, because he doesn't need to see
“I-I hadn’t seen it in years, since my figurine had last become real, I’ve had many swords. But this is the sword from my figurine. The one meant to be on my belt!”
“I would shake your hand,” Moriarty puffs out a long breath through his cheeks, breaking the silence, “but I think that we are both beyond that, and that you’ve got someone
The water horse raises its head, opening its mouth to reveal long harrowed teeth, and Sherlock thinks it’s going to scream, but, without even looking, Watson lashes the reins against its slick neck and the water horse tips its neck back again, quelled. Watson focuses on Sherlock. With him holding something so powerful so easily, Sherlock resolves not to lose the rider’s attentions. The wind sings around them, playing up the
has never not listened to John. Not last night when he was screaming in the rain, either. The Races wind him up more than anything.
Sherlock breathes in the salt and the fishy smell that Thisby has always been tinged with. He can’t back out now. He won’t. Not unless he dies. He won’t have this island thinking him a coward. Thisby is not kind to cowards.
Gladstone throws his head back, Sherlock can see the slick eyes reflecting off the last daylight that graces Thisby, and gives a short gleeful shriek. John shouts, “Hey!” In answer, throwing his arms open like he’s about to embrace the huge water horse. Gladstone stomps both front legs down into the packed earth, observing John as the Thisby wind throws his white mane over his twitching withers. If horses could smile, Sherlock would like to think that Gladstone would be.
,” instead of sounding like ‘copple’, his accent makes the word sound more like ‘cop-leh’, “are very big, like the ocean. The kelpies on land are smaller, they're tricksters. In the kelpies, they change in the water, but I've seen the
Sherlock turns round, purposely letting his face fall to a neutral expression upon seeing her. If he shows even the slightest emotion, she gets far too excited for his liking.
The dark black crouching over the island is fended away by two bonfires, one burning high and bright, the other low, hissing out orange sparks into the ground. Where does he belong, where should he stand? Drummers around the crowds beat out long tempos and shout musically in local words - they're more happy to be here than they are good singers. Here, Sherlock can see the very edge of the island, and the sea is black and so is the sky and he cannot see where they meet on the horizon, but there are thankfully several meters of distance between the fires, the rock, the people, and the edge of the world.
Slipping his hands into his coat pockets to protect them from the chill deeper than his gloves do, Sherlock turns away from the sea and follows John’s form down the rocks. He can taste the cold weather in the back of his throat.
“She was mad. Put me in a well. I dreamt you had a friend when you were a kid, too.” John doesn't quite know if rainbows count as flying normally, since they're already in the sky, but he's not going to point it out.
“Well, you would know.” Sherlock stares down at the figurine, trying to be imposing. “What’s peculiar about it?”
Lestrade is so frustrating. Sherlock takes a deep breath, smells all the different sorts of whiskey that Janine keeps behind the bar, the different polishes of the shoes in the room, and waves it all away with his free hand, dismissing it. “Aconitine is the main toxin the monkshood flower. Wolfsbane is another name for it. But it doesn't grow here, it's not native. A gardener cannot accidentally harvest and eat it because it does not grow here. And it tastes - horrible, he would've known he was eating something bad, but he finished the bite anyways.”
He will learn everything he can from the room, and then he will learn everything he can from the spider.
Plenty of people experience such an emotion when they come into contact with a water horse. Even Sherlock does. Again, the envelope draws all focus, and he is unable to continue on unhappily about Henry Knight. It doesn’t matter, anyway, it’s insignificant, not important, and he doesn’t care.
When he’s satisfied with the way his hair sits, salty and wind-blown as it is, he leaves all the upstairs lights on and returns to the sitting room, sofa and chairs empty, but drifting with voices carried over from the bright kitchen. He frowns, wondering if Mrs Hudson is talking of him, and stalks over.
Sherlock recalls Moriarty appearing when Henry Knight had, those weeks ago. How he said he’d read Sherlock’s articles in the paper, his tobacco ash dissertation. “You’ve mentioned,” Sherlock says, careful not to let on how much he remembers. Likely, Moriarty is underestimating him, and it would be in his favor to keep it this way. “Eat my heart out, was it?”
“Come along. I won’t crush you. If you don’t poke through my things, then you can stand on the coffee table while I get my kit.”
Sherlock glances to John. John says, focused on rifling through another cabinet, “Just tonight and tomorrow.” John moves the shiny old kettle from the countertop and under the tap where he fills it, then cracks another burner grate and puts it overtop.
Foals in ribbons and fillies in flowers are led by stablehands, and rich mainland mongers mill about. A few cross the road in front of him, and Sherlock can see imprints of affairs and pocket watches over all of them. Klemp, the man Sherlock had seen the night of the storm, leads a wicked brown mare with white socks into the main paddock with a riding crop.
as badly as you do. But not in the same way,” Moriarty goes on while John’s stomach drops from under him, “I want him to look closer. And he never does.” Another pout.
Men crow out whoops and hollers in the tavern when they notice the chalk addition, excited by the champion’s participation.
From inside, small, brackish and shriveled seeds tumble. A few fall to his floor. Sherlock holds them between his fingers, squinting at their shape and color. Suddenly, the fact that he holds this envelope without gloves is incriminating. He replaces the seeds and holds it up to his nose and takes a long sniff.
“Looks like a blister,” John’s finger touches the spot where Sherlock is focused. He blinks, and glances at the champion. “Could just be a cold sore. Suggests a poor immune system, ill, less poison to kill him.”
But Sherlock is already standing, stepping around the compartments and ready for pursuit. He rounds John, right behind him as usual, and the crates he’d tossed around, and hurries out of the notary’s office. Down the hallway, he can see the man leaving through the front door.
can change from terrestrial to marine, why couldn’t they use the same magic to transform into John? The more wary tourists appear to give it no thought. The locals are much more superstitious.
The girl from the Langely case, the one who’d given him the castle and the box, had said that there were rooms in the castle, for the figurines. Sherlock had observed them when he'd accidentally knocked off the roof of a tower last month. But she’d only given him one figurine, the knight. Well, the box for him.
John steadies the water horse. “It could be more seeds,” He says. Gladstone snorts saltwater over John’s shoulder.
Surprised, Sherlock tracks his hand slowly down the broad of the longsword, allowing John time to read the symbols as they pass.
He breathes, gently, shakily, without disturbing the peace, as if to try to convey some semblance of any of that, while knowing it is impossible to vocalize, “John.”
blood in them, from some stallion or mare that liked one particular island pony and didn’t want to eat them. The traits are old and diluted, so you’ll get normal horses that are bred after that, but somewhere down the line, you’ll come up with a horse that has long ears, or forward-facing eyes, or rubs off their mane, or who’s only calm around charms or a certain kind of flower. Then you’ll get the fillies who love to scream, or the colts with long flat legs who like to swim. The magic in the blood is stronger the further from the source that you get.
“I saw the name, and what the others were saying to him, and I knew it wasn’t right, Sherlock. Something wasn’t right.”
He makes it to the sand, and digs his hands in for purchase, the sand shifting under his fingers, and he struggles up the hill.
“I just was thinking you boys might be a bit hungry,” She says, setting down the expertly-painted teapot on the centre of the table. No, no! “Sherlock, I made you a plate, and John,” she sets a gentle hand on his shoulder, very motherly, “It’d be wonderful if you could try this meringue. Sherlock picked up the shopping earlier this week, so he’s not all bad.”
Redbeard throws back his head and whinnies - high and scared. It looks as though his legs will collapse underneath him. Hydria’s throat makes a sound, a horrible sound, a shrill cry that keens upwards at the end, and it evokes fear in the place in Sherlock’s chest that is reserved for instinct.
In the stillness (say it like you mean it), Molly’s face flames up at him - but while the sky turns darker, clouds pregnant with bushed rain, the water shifts and twists black, and John sees Culverton’s deep-set eyes and malicious teeth staring back up at him.
How is it that Sherlock’s always pulling old lines, repeated lines, out of his mouth? John seems to catch the familiar sentence, because he smiles. And then he asks, “D’you want something to eat?” John gestures to the bed.
Perplexed for a half a second, and then Sherlock exclaims, his own hand reaching up to grab John’s in retreat, “No! I mean, I meant, yes, I meant,” he shakes his head, making a fool of himself, “I meant, yes, yes, don’t--” This is plain embarrassing, but he could care less about anything besides how to make John kiss him again.
Should nick Lestrade's things more often. At least more badges. He flips it in his hand and tucks it back into his pocket.
Sherlock’s legs kick in; a horse nearby rears and throws a rider astray, and Redbeard bolts. The ocean becomes a lurching blur on one side, the shapes of water horses an ever-changing mosaic on the other.
At once, he is consumed with the urge to have John everywhere. He fits his arms around John’s neck and breathes deeply, drawing in the scent of hot coals and some note that is cool and dark and distinctly John Watson. The skin under his feel is smooth, mind the uneven patch over his raised scar.
Redbeard has no chance with these massive predators. The instinct is there, fight or flight. Neither is an option, and it’s weighing as heavily on the horse as it is on Sherlock.
The sudden urge to let go rises in Sherlock’s chest - let go of every fragment of despair that makes a home beneath his sternum. John could make it better, if he knew. Sherlock would ruin everything, if John knew.
There are so many things to think about, and so little time to reflect. This hurts. Everything about this hurts. The horrifying part of it all, the dread and the time limit, the unknown of how things will be in a week - if they both live - stings. The razor twists in his chest. Elusive thoughts flash by in his head, all passing, feint, and unimaginable.
With care, John undoes the braids in Gladstone’s mane. They are dexterous together, Sherlock marvels, tenderly untying Gladstone from the land.
The dust isn’t actually very relevant to the crime scene this time. Shadwell had taken very good care of her home, cleaned frequently to the point of obsession. Sherlock threw that into his rant because he adores how touchy Donovan gets about dust each time he mentions it.
They manage their way through the frigid backstreets of Skarmouth, with Sherlock explaining the brand of the rider’s mother’s shoes, and how expensive they are to import, how impossible it would be to attain them without family on the mainland (“And it only made sense for it to be a brother,” Sherlock articulates at one point, prompting John to laugh wonderfully). The few people that are around the back alleys disappear when they see Gladstone the monster stepping silently along the cobblestone roads.
Sherlock presses his ungloved hand down on Hope’s wound, hard, crushing like Gladstone against his neck. His pain is nothing. In Hope’s wide eyes there is an immense fear that may be mirrored back in Sherlock’s. “You're dying, but there's still time to hurt you.” He needs to know.
Holmes,” Hope smiles that sickening smile, only half his teeth showing. The horse mimics the countenance, mouth pulling up too far, too close to its wet eyes, too many teeth, “Except
condition because it’s been in your keep alongside your figurine! It hasn’t been to battle with you, so it appears new.”
“The horses are up, don’t you know.” Anderson sneers at him when Sherlock goes into the notary’s office to check and see if the monthly post has dredged up anything for him.
John grasps Sherlock’s wrist, pulls it from his face. The bruises inflicted by Moriarty on his skin hum with island magic.
? It must’ve been well taken care of, still sharp enough to pierce flesh and crack open a woman’s ribcage. The ‘expert’ Lestrade brought in said that it was a genuine antique, without any signs of restoration work. But here it looks so sharp and bold, and nothing can withstand the test of time so completely.
John catches this and raises his brows, crossing his arms. “Unless the file thief stole that first…?” He leads slowly.
Among the chaos, one iron red stallion charged into the ocean, its mane shifting until it shimmered as if made of pearl, head already lengthening. The reddened sea swallowed it up, bubbles bursting white at the top of the churning water.
“Yeah, no. Plus, we had an expert come check it out. While she didn’t know what they meant, she figured it was something from the early Renaissance period? She went on about the geometry of the blade. Said it was a ‘fighting piece’, not decorative, from Western Europe. There wasn’t a lot she could tell, sword still being stuck in someone and all that, but she figured it was genuine, and no restoration work had been done.”
Sherlock nods, looking away in the direction Hope rode in from, expecting to see the chestnut brown again.
“Must’ve been snogging someone before breakfast,” Lestrade says, waving down a bartender for another drink.
The windy air sings around them, carrying the salty smell of fish from the docks way down past Skarmouth. Sherlock’s heart is beating in his chest, thrumming with thought while he leads the stallion out of the stables. In the grass, Redbeard leans his head down to tear at it, Musgrave padding over to wind around his legs. The stallion munches noisily as Sherlock throws the saddle blanket over his back.
“Homesick,” John goes on, “their want for the ocean, they're sick with it. I've had a water horse as big as Beryl get so sick he couldn't move. Only saltwater baths and seaweed wraps on his legs could get him out to the pasture. Even then, he would stand in place and watch the sky.”
He clutches them, as if they were prayer beads and he a religious man. They’re warm. Solid. Real. He shouldn’t be doing this.
John makes a noise of displeasure and lifts his boot, giving the clotted bloodstains on Shadwell’s chest a wide berth. "Disturbing." He looks visibly concerned that Sherlock set him on a body with no regard, but Sherlock can’t spend too long consoling John.
, either way he has a sizeable collection of fifteenth-century wear, or cutting weapons across the ages. Collectors usually have a time period they prefer and his is obvious. Could be a public collection, could be private. Enough wealth to collect pieces as he sees them. He doesn’t seek them out, the pieces come to him. So, dealers know enough of him to approach
Over THREE YEARS! since I began this giant fic! It has been such a ride! The thing that kept me going was your support and comments -- plus, I had to prove to myself that I can finish huge projects like this.
as it sucks and laps at his feet and calves, still in the water. The damp and the wind is already chilling him to the bone, and Sherlock coughs again.
There isn’t time to fight for air, John’s mouth covers his in a hot kiss, tongue sliding through Sherlock’s parted lips. Sherlock jerks, his whole body wracked with shudders. His blood is singing, gooseflesh prickling all his exposed flesh. Every ridge of John’s fingerprint is monumental, his grasp half-dry with dampened sweat, erring on the side of a burn.
“It’s… not much. Certainly not the Skarmouth Inn,” John chuckles. Sherlock does not. Awkwardly, John clears his throat. “But, yours is on the other side of the island, and I figured--”
The thrusts turn shallow again, and now when the third finger prods at him, Sherlock tries desperately to relax, drawing a leg up to offer John more room. It’s a stretch that should burn, logically, should hurt, but John works so slowly, in such short circular pushes, that it is only a minute before they’re sunk to the knuckle inside of Sherlock’s body.
The Ford is out of petrol somewhere a mile down the road. He should've checked it before driving into town. Idiot. No matter, they’ll retrieve it tonight and Musgrave will have her bed once again, Sherlock decides, fixing an empty canister of petrol to the back of Redbeard’s saddle.
Redbeard is fast below him, a red streak on the fields of light green and fading yellow autumn grass. Sherlock keeps low, low to his neck as he makes the island pony (—no,
is trying. Not hard, but still trying. In the evening light, or, lack of it, Sherlock can see the determination and surprise written over the horse’s body, from his long pinned ears to his massive feet. The horse gains more head.
caught at night are stronger than those in the day. They say that ones caught in a storm are flighty, but fast. There’s no way to quantify that, and Sherlock lets the idea sink into island lore.
“Maybe protecting the good people from those nasty pickpockets in Skarmouth? The square’s always filled with them--”
“He has someone inside the officer’s station. He wouldn’t have been able to steal the letter after the photographs were taken any other way.”
He dares closer to the champion rider, though makes a point not to look at John, as if they were two strangers watching a monger, sharing only space. The few birds by John’s feet depart as Sherlock arrives.
“Why would you buy such an old house?” Sherlock asks, surveying the high ceiling and noting the stains from a roof leak dripping somewhere above onto the upper floor.
John steps in, an absolute hero and recovering from his earlier miff, “Actually, Mrs Hudson, Sherlock said it was alright if I spent the night here? I did fish him out of the quay.”
Sherlock stood for a moment, gloves sticking out of his pocket, and glowing mobile in his hands. He frowned pointedly.
Is it hunger, or jealousy? Envy that Thisby has favored John in so many more ways than it ever had Sherlock? A mainlander, over an islander?
“They do tend to clam up, yeah.” John downs the rest of his whiskey. He motions to Sherlock, “Try your scotch.”
He needs to get dressed, collect his things, and rush out the door! He needs to hit the pavement and appear at the crime scene. Against his skin he needs to feel the London air and not a dusty flat.
Fairytales… and pretty grim ones, too. I’ll see you, come the Races. Do be careful. This island can be treacherous.”
to watch. You know, you’re doing just the same thing Sherlock was doing on the beach,” he smiles, “talking about my games like you know anything at all.”
The man’s fingers are curled in agony. Lestrade also has noted this down on his small leather pad of paper that he holds in gloved hands. Always insisting on gloves. The texture of everything is lost with gloves but can reveal great things, sometimes.
It smells like the fur of a cat in here, and hay, which Sherlock thinks is better than the outside salt. Unfortunately, it’s also completely freezing, and in the light of the Hawkin’s Tavern back alleyway, where two bodies were found in only the last several days, Sherlock thinks he may be turning blue. It must be his imagination. His clothes all stick to him, except for John’s jacket. It’s the one Sherlock had first seen him in the tavern with, back when he had begun all of this and signed up for the Races, and when had pulled that pony cart with Redbeard past the Stockyard where John was running Gladstone, and when John had stood up on that rock and had beaten Hope down.
Sherlock bolts upright. He brushes down his coat that has dusty white patches from the flour in some spots. He’s not afraid of Archie seeing him a little messy and worse for wear from time to time, partly because Archie isn't aware that it's not his usual state. He's always somehow a mess in front of the young boy. But the rest of the island cannot view him like that. To them, he is as cold as the deep waters of the ocean.
“He stood here,” John says. His hand fists in Gladstone’s mane, and he steps out of Sherlock’s space.
Perhaps it wasn’t necessary that John hide, as Lestrade never stepped further into the sitting room than to hang at the door in desperation.
They’re alone, clearly, at least out here, there is no one to see them. In truth, he’s finding it increasingly difficult to keep himself from gravitating back to John. It wouldn’t be so bad.
John, are you saying you’d like me to return it so that the gamblers can fix the Races for themselves?”
John is still and silent. Then, “Why don't you put Gladstone down, and come over here? I’d love to have a chat with you.”
Sherlock finally lifts his weight away from the cliff walls and approaches him. “Do you do fifths?” He asks.
“Magnussen is racing her,” Sherlock points out, remembering Magnussen’s voice at the rider’s parade.
It’s such strange magic, Sherlock thinks, how John Watson has been steadily consuming his life, beginning at the moment they met.
But the chestnut horse sidles up alongside Redbeard as the man rounds off, its entire wet body gliding harshly against Sherlock’s leg and shoving Redbeard to the side, making him have to gather his footing again, so precariously balanced on the very edge of the island.
Calmly, he flips the safety and drops his gun into the grass, turning to sweep into Sherlock. John shoves shaking hands into Sherlock’s sodden hair, drawing his face down until their lips connect messily. Crushing and taking, wet and hot.
He lowers the revolver intently. His chest, what Sherlock can see of it, rises and falls evenly, undisturbed. There is nothing new in his eyes. No stunning realization, no regret.
Anger flushes through his veins, seizing his muscles and clenching his fists for him. How could someone touch the horse that is so clearly John’s and no one else’s? Where is his true rider, what’s happened to John? Confusion sets in as well, the crowd that has accumulated is ever-shifting like the sand, clearly here to watch something happen. But what? He cranes his neck to see above the few men who are taller than him, watching Hope.
It’s an old island funeral, where the body is burned into ashes that the fire flickers over into the wind, and rolls coldly down into the water far below. Meant for those born here, those who always knew they would perish here. The funeral-goers are one massive creature in the night, close together, huddled around the bonfire and Father Stamford.
Redbeard happens to save him, then, by suddenly bucking his head down from Sherlock’s hold, leaving him scrambling to gain the reins back. The stallion squeals as Hydria and the chestnut prowl close.
Under his clothes, the bumps of an job done up ugly are visible to those who look closer. And he doesn't use the hand of this arm, either, further proving that something is wrong - only, Sherlock knows the cause is a bullet wound. His boots are covered in wet sand from where he has stepped in the ocean and then again on the beaches, fighting only with half his strength.
John leans away, a pink flush over his cheeks and his ears, separate from the wind-inflicted color Sherlock has so often seen him sporting. He’s realized what he’s done. “I’m— oh, I’m so sorry,” he says, and his hands are leaving Sherlock’s face! It’s not regret or anger coming from his voice, it’s his apology for overstepping some invisible barrier.
John says this the instant Sherlock has it figured in his head. A gripping sorrow clenches at his heart, the fact that such a brilliant human being had had such dark worries.
“You’ve said this is the sword from your figurine,” Sherlock notes. Something about John’s worried demeanor unnerves his core. “It isn’t with you when you’re - real?”
Equally difficult is sliding on his shoes, shirt, and trousers, glancing to John to be sure of his unconscious state.
John grins, watching Gladstone in the corner of his eye. Gladstone lays an ear back. As if reading his mind, he says, “Mary couldn't have given you a ride like this.”
Sherlock fiddles with a cuff link, and then sweeps to his armchair to collect his coat. It’s the right weight and there are no more cases and no more figurines as he slides it on, popping the collar up.
When he does, it’s early in the morning and the flat is cloaked in night. His current investigation had gone cold yesterday, an 18-year-old murder spree that seems to have been reignited in present-day London.
The thumps on the stairs stop - brush of a coat by the stack of magazines beside the entrance, shoes hitting the landing. “Sherlock?”
John wanders closer to Sherlock, as if pulled there by a similar force, considering the art. Sherlock represses a smug smile at the universe and at island magic. His hands clasp behind his back as he tries to work his frozen fingers back to life.
Past dusk, the tide has crept up to reach Sherlock’s booted toes. He lets them get wet. The water does not creep any further. It’s caught in the middle of high tide and the usual tide, a strange thing that happens on Thisby at this time of day. He watches the ocean for the slice of a body through the water.
He fits his arm into Redbeard’s reins and pulls on his gloves, keeping the last heat of John’s hand close to him.
But John clenches his fists over the lead. “Keep out of my way. Keep everyone out of my way.” Klemp hauls open the door and Gladstone jerks at John’s arm, dragging him towards the rain. John drops the hand from his head, which had been tracing veins, in favor of clutching the lead. Brute force does nothing against Gladstone, he pulls John outside.
Someone shoves into his shoulder as they run, shattering Sherlock’s frozen state. He can’t help— John’s too powerful and so is Gladstone, the champion begins to break free of the binding magic that holds him, shrieking in excitement. The sand sprays as Gladstone pulls back from John’s grip again, dancing and eyeing the shallows. Hope’s companions leap back, shadows all across their faces from the clouds, half their focus on Hope and the other half on the horse, arms up in front of them like they could defend themselves.
as the burner ignites. He listens to the rain; looks out the low window over the sink. He can barely see anything, and the stables are vaguely lit by a few bulbs, far away, where the sliding door is slightly cracked open. No stable hands are in sight.
Without a word, John approaches the body. One push with a disgusted shoe, and Moriarty slumps forever over the island edge. The splash doesn’t come, distant thunder covering above. Had John planned this, shooting Moriarty? How did John know where he was? Why does John
Darkness has seeped into the stables, illuminated sharply by the light bulbs. The sounds inside are soft, the
The son’s name has been circled, and then crossed out in a hard strikethrough. Sherlock’s eyes flick up and down the list, taking in the nearly fifty names, all of them riders. Old names jump to his mind, the few with a slash through them, he knows, have died on the beach already. His and John are among the list, as they should be. Neither is slashed or circled, but there are several down the list that are. Other than the son's name, there are four others circled, missing a slash of death.
Gladstone is his namesake - a stone. He stands high and ankle-deep in the saltwater that sloshes around him, pushing foam against his cannons. His face is turned out towards the skyline where it meets the ocean - for a moment, he lifts his muzzle, and looks as though he may scream, but snaps to tuck his chin against his neck.
For some reason, Moriarty's venomous visage comes to Sherlock’s mind. He shakes his head, waving a hand to shove the image away.
Behind them, a little ways away, Redbeard is happily grazing on the stuffy, weak Thisby grass. A lead rope keeps his halter connected to the conifer Sherlock so loves, the draping one that hangs almost over the edge of the cliff. Although the sounds of the
Cold wood brushes his fingers. Sherlock stops mid-sentence, mouth open, identifying the object within a few moments, but it’s all the time Donovan needs.
“It’s a good night to be on land,” Someone mumbles, hard to hear around the shouted bouts of conversation and the tinkling of bell charms all around. It's so close to his ear that Sherlock almost mistakes the words as being meant for him. On one of the side streets, some boys are gathered around a small tire that is on fire.
But John, where Sherlock’s eyes draw to him, almost hidden, does not move from his spot beneath the overhangs of the chalk cliffs. Sherlock sees the lower half of his face, the rest hidden behind a bump in the chalk, grimacing before the rest of his eyes come into view.
John’s eyes widen a little, and then go back to the way they’d been before, relaxed from the drink. Inevitably, he is thinking of how he was fired and then, Sherlock presumes, re-hired with the incentive of Gladstone as a prize. Only, John has no knowledge that it was Sherlock who bargained for him.
He returns in the early evening. His biceps ache, and Redbeard’s legs tremble as if they were made of flimsy seaweed. Josephine snorts in the next stall over. Her stall has been mucked, it’s clear even in the blue wash of dusk. Sherlock scrunches up his nose, because Mrs Hudson really should let him do those things, she’ll throw out her hip again.
Somewhere in his head, he understands that he should be observing, letting the finale come to a close and watching what happens, replaying it to puzzle out what Molly thought was so suspicious (her intuition is surprisingly good). But that would include watching John get trampled.
. I was told that you may be with John, and Mr Moriarty asked me if I may deliver this to you tonight.”
“Dear god, Mrs Hudson,” He snaps as menacingly as he can, but the shivering reduces his tone to mere annoyance, “I haven’t brought—
They spend another half hour going over the papers, but they contain nothing Sherlock didn’t infer already. Normal dose of poison, so the poisoner didn’t know the man was ill, and was knowledgeable enough to know the fatal dose. In the meantime, Mrs Hudson has been finishing her pie-baking and is humming along to mainland radio.
It’s the first time in many years that he’s feared for his own, as well as the stallion’s. Perhaps somewhere, deep and locked and chained down in his mind, his brain has found something interesting, something Sherlock has not yet had a chance to study.
In a few moments, clean-up and the barrage of photographers will come upstairs. Sherlock should be able to hear them coming up the stairs, despite the sturdy structure and the carpeting.
“Be nice to me. You’d be able to tell if I were lying about anything else.” John sits up fully now, back against the headboard, and reaches for the shell. He holds it out in his palm for Sherlock to take. “I’ve still got a day before I have to make it.”
John rubs Gladstone’s shoulder affectionately. Sherlock can’t help but note that even while doing this, while acting so familiar with each other, John is still eyeing Gladstone.
The helmet-shaped purple blooming flowers by Archie’s wrist when he reaches across the counter to handle change, settled in the little pot that it is already beginning to outgrow.
“I’m telling you all my trade secrets, aren’t I? You didn’t think all those mainland mongers came to the Yard just for island ponies?” John grins, and Sherlock thinks of the mainlander that he’d met, Henry Knight, and his big ears, “They may be fast, but those half-bloods are faster.”
Magnussen, who would have no reason to be at the Yard and cut apart Beryl, despite John’s written questions around that passage.
“I want to see a full toxicology report,” Sherlock says, standing curtly. He wrinkles his nose, wishing for a bath now that he’s spent time around a dead body. “It was poison, clearly, but no external marks, no seizing… Tourist. Again with the tourists,” This last bit is murmured softly to himself. Overhead, grey clouds are rushing by, streaked with white. No storm coming, Thisby got rid of that this morning and last night. He thinks of John while he twists off a single leather glove and puts it in his pocket.
That night, he dreams of Redbeard under him, the sand flying behind them, colors streaming out from under his saddle. He licks his teeth and tastes salt. Water horses snap at him from the sea, confined to only the reaches of the waves.
big and blue-grey like angry water, from the boy’s father, a hard-iron working man, large and distant, like the horse. The boy’s father appears untouchable, dry-faced.
John would never let a finger on her, not after he’d felt the rushing hot waters of her mind when touching her after she’d kicked away her monger that first day. Her head was full of saltwater and malice, and hidden meanings. Magnussen likely loses himself every time he rides her, no matter the charms he thinks he’s using correctly.
“Sherlock Holmes, I have seen worse things than a few Races.” She waves a hand, tsking at him. A warm smile pinches at his face, overcome with gratitude for this woman.
Sherlock hands over the coins. His stomach is an ocean of trouble. He shifts his feet on the worn floorboards. Janine turns around, the shifts of her dress glaring white around her hips as she steps up the stool and reaches to the board. At the space beneath
Sherlock smirks against embarrassment, and replies, “I didn’t know it was the hard way when I started on it.”
Truthfully, no one had minded Moriarty’s disappearance. It was almost expected. Even those on his payroll transferred wonderfully to the new manager of the Stockyard, William Murray (“
The occurrence makes him instantly anxious and removes all vague thoughts of Hope possibly making an encore, or Moriarty buying Mary.
but. I told Stamford I’d do something for him.” His voice sounds like it has been dragged across the sharp rocks far below them.
The lightning strikes and gives Moriarty a momentary white flash of an outline, fleetingly illuminating his wild brown eyes and the embroidered red Stockyard symbol over his trousers.
From his jacket pocket, Henry Knight produces an envelope. Yellowed, with a distinctively glistening, red wax seal.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “What lore Mycroft is coming up with.” He stands and fiddles with his dressing gown sash, picking at a loose thread. He mumbles to himself, “You’d think he wrote children’s books.”
“I didn’t mean only Jefferson,” John says, shifting his shoulder down. His voice goes low, and Sherlock shivers despite the absence of cold wind. He understands John wants the validation that he is as good for Sherlock as Sherlock thinks John is for him. Maybe it’s not validation, maybe it’s… the feeling of helpfulness.
He stumbles and trips down the sandy dunes, angled back to not fall flat, until he can make the awkward jump at the end that brings him sea level.
“I didn’t tame Gladstone,” John clips, watching the scrambles and mock gallops on the beach. There's barely room to walk, and the screams of horses conquer all airspace, reducing the men on the beach to mutters or shouts. A
And this is where John Watson appears, out of nowhere. There is no fog - Sherlock didn’t see him approach, all he knows is that Redbeard curves away from the heel Sherlock presses into his side, and that this move runs him towards John Watson, mounted on the back of his giant black horse. He's a shape and then he's John. Sherlock slows as he approaches, unsure of what to say, maybe to open his mouth and apologize for not being here yesterday, because that’s the only thing that is currently coming to his angry and twisted mind.
, all so close, smell like salt and the sea and waste and fish. Thisby is no stranger to bad smells - that the tide brings in, dead fish, sour brine. The smell of a sheep corpse long dead and baking in the summer sun wherever a stray
Sherlock isn’t actually here, he’s not a part of the grieving members, and he hasn’t an integral part, like Father Stamford with his island fantasies and his introduction to eulogies, or John with the
Sherlock hesitates. He reaches a hand down into the courtyard, lying the back of it flat on the plywood.
Sherlock gives her a tight smile, pushing his glass up to his lips and taking a small sip. “Absolutely.” Very aware one is not meant to sip beer.
“Poor palette,” Sherlock quips, lashes down, pushing forward to put his forehead to John’s, their wind-whipped hair getting in the way. John laughs again, and Sherlock determines that he should never be more than six inches away from the source of John’s laughter at all times.
sinking its teeth into his cheekbone - there is no black horse and it isn’t John. Redbeard’s stride lengthens, the ground hardening beneath them as they fly over the lapping edges of foam-touched waves.
Sherlock blinks. “John?” He drops to his knees, tilting his head to peer under the stables where John had first hidden this morning. He resists the urge to go poking around in them and repeat history with another bleeding finger. Even though John apologized, he probably doesn’t want to get prodded at.
John stills over him, wandering fingers trailing to a stop over Sherlock’s naked torso. Sherlock holds the duvet around them up higher, trying to find John’s face in the dark. Why has he stopped moving? Sherlock twitches, thinning his kiss-wet lips into a line.
His shoes are annoyingly quiet. Portraits of monarchs, reprints of famous Picasso pieces cover the marred wallpaper, unsettling taxidermy mammals on side tables. There's a lamp in the sitting room somehow fashioned out of a rabbit, next to a stack of cornered coasters, and it is hideous. A panel of collectible teaspoons hangs over one of the several stone fireplaces.
Collecting the saddle from its peg on the opposite wall, Sherlock holds it over one forearm, side tight to his chest, while he clicks the leadrope into place on Redbeard’s harness.
Beryl, the thundering victim of Moriarty’s knife, sea foam overflowing from her mouth, the whites all around her eyes, bouncing around wildly in her skull.
The muscles in John’s arm flex as he hauls Sherlock closer, the simple act a show of strength in itself, throwing Sherlock’s nerves ablaze and forcing a new, heated desire into his abdomen. Sherlock lets out a noise. It muffles against their kiss, and John pulls back just far enough to place another kiss on the corner of his open mouth, keeping their faces and bodies close. A thumb inexplicably sweeps along the ridge of Sherlock’s cheek, another beside his exposed neck.
Then it’s a smooth, if not tense ride to Tholla, on the south side of Thisby, with the pony cart rattling on the dirt and grass road. Sherlock is reminded of the last time they were down this way, the mangled sheep’s corpse spread all across the path, but the incident is not repeated. He exchanges the last few coins for three large bags of oats and a multitude of bales of hay. Expensive. More expensive than oranges. He leaves the hay in Tholla with his name on it, and carts the grain bags back to Mrs Hudson’s, feeling guilty he’s gotten nothing for Josephine.
“What grabbed your attention enough to steal a book?” Sherlock asks, not questioning why Mike would be at the gambler’s hideout. He can recall Mike’s faraway stare as he peered over the potential racers, worry and love of his islanders knitted in a crease over his brow, ‘
The rusting Ford is out front, nearly kaput as always, as Redbeard and Josephine graze in the pasture around the house. The grass here is short, as though the salt-throwing winds are beating sprouts into submission.
Why is this place familiar? Where was that girl in the yellow dress found again? Ah, yes, the same location, almost. Sherlock glances onto the stone street, but there is no trace of the yellow-dress-girl’s blood anywhere. Rainy Thisby has washed it away more than the clean-up team could've, it beat out the blood from the rocks and the gravel.
Redbeard’s breath is quickening. Sherlock hums softly, reaching down a hand to pat at the stallion’s neck. It won’t do to have them both incapacitated with fear, not that he's afraid. Sherlock swallows, staring off and into the clear day and to the sea.
His wet clothes are delivered to the laundry room, where he’ll do them later. His soaking coat he hangs over the bathtub, deciding to scrub out the salt later. It’s hand-wash only, and one of his prized possessions. John’s jacket he puts carefully down over the back of his chair, a leering touch, and then he pulls himself away.
“You couldn’t have been willing to give that up, Sherlock. Christ, you didn’t have to--” John breaks off, pinching the bridge of his nose tightly, as if coming down with a migraine. Rain dripping from the overhang patters onto the leather patches on his jacket's shoulders. He throws up his hands, lost. Sherlock stays resolutely still. “Christ, it doesn’t even matter. It doesn’t matter.”
Suddenly, there is a black blur against the reds, duns, whites, and greys, its legs moving faster, flank shifting quicker than the other horses. With a lump of a rider on his back, Gladstone is a pulsing heart, beating his way between other squabbling horses and hot teeth. His neck isn't tucked like that of a practiced island pony, but stretched out far ahead like a striking cobra, head jerking up and down as he flies at a full gallop.
Sherlock closes his eyes, listening to the drizzle on the stones around them, and suppressing shudders.
“You’ll - you’ll be bored, John. I can’t, I’m not the Races.” Sherlock can’t offer that. He can’t watch John find another
He glances to the drawbridge taped messily up to the side of the castle. Not really enough time to tape over the whole of the building. Plus, it might tear or peel something. Aluminum foil? Or put John back in his box? He’s got a dagger, John might be able to cut himself out of anywhere Sherlock tries to put him. Trapping him under a cup or a piece of cookware like an invading arachnid isn’t the most clever idea, either.
He strives to catalog every point of contact between the two of them, John's powerful upper arms, used to holding beasts ten times his size, tucked delicately beneath Sherlock's arms. John's knees resting against Sherlock, on both sides, keeping him where he is. John’s stomach slotted against Sherlock's lower back. John's chin, ducking forwards to rest over Sherlock's slumped shoulder. The last one is a new development. John's soft breath is ghosting over one of Sherlock's ears.
), and down his chest. John presses on Sherlock’s sternum, the space between his pectorals as John pulls away, adding slight pressure. Nothing in Sherlock’s conscious mind understands but his body takes the hint, falling back onto the bed and drawing his legs up off the floor.
“No, it wasn’t you. Sherlock, look at me.” John waits until Sherlock sniffs and looks up. The rain batters them, tracking water and tears down Sherlock’s cheek. “He didn’t have to stand there. Sherlock, Gladstone kept me alive. But that’s all - he was a placeholder. I was waiting for you.”
hisses, ears pinned and tail snapping, leaping in front of Redbeard towards the water in search of the salt in the wind. A stray hoof cannons into Redbeard’s nose, but the island horse ploughs on, made faster by fear.
John stops, returning to the centre of the courtyard. His hand does a funny clench by his belt, as if he’s thinking.
“Uh-huh, thought that was what they were. It was there when I got back, after Hope. I meant to find you before the tavern to tell you.”
Inside, it is well illuminated, both with natural cloudy sunlight filtering in through the bay windows in the foyer, and the house lights. Unfortunately, this reveals a terrible thing. The floor is completely covered in deep red shag carpeting. Sherlock peers into the hallway, then around another corner. Even the stairs are plastered with it. That is awful. He doesn't want to see the kitchen.
Sherlock compares this with the racing beach. The other is far longer, sandier, and wider, and the cliffs are more chalk than crumbling grey. Pain lives in the sand, like fiddler crabs. Blood spills soaked into the billions of grains in a single handful. On both sides, the ocean is turbulent, and here, it noisily smacks against the rocks and makes fragments of stone crush together as each wave recedes, another taking its place half a second after eaach.
Sherlock thinks, but says, “I was delayed.” He holds up the envelope, and John’s eyes go big, and his stance changes, from something like reassurance and worry at finding him here, to a new, slightly-anxious-yet-excited expression.
“You’re asking us to change all Thisby’s ever been, just for you? How can you ask that of us…? Isn't our answer
Sherlock jerks the reins back until Redbeard quivers into something of a halt again. Sherlock can see the white in his eyes, see the puffs of breath from the
Sherlock sneers, “I never let you in. You always walk in like your authority has an extended meaning that you may waltz onto any private property.” How dare Lestrade mention Sherlock’s private habits when John’s just over his shoulder, likely laughing at him? He frowns further.
“Long enough. You’ve no idea how I’ve got to bend over backwards to get this place in order after a storm like this. Broken fence posts, spooked horses,” John slicks something he’s retrieved from the cabinet into the pan - it bubbles, “Those doors on the stables? Always coming off their tracks. We need to invest in a round-the-clock repairman.”
training below on the shore occasionally startle Redbeard, there's no fear of him spooking himself and running off.
And, as it does now, John’s breath will warm the skin of Sherlock’s arm, his own tucked around Sherlock's middle. John's the most important bit of it all. Once thought unremarkable proven inexplicably extraordinary.
A squeeze upon his palm. When he looks down, it appears that John has slid his hand across the stained wood of the counter and over the edge of Sherlock’s hand, giving him a brief snippet of calm, and then followed by a large amount of anxiety of such a gesture in such a place. He glances about the tavern, to John, and back to Lestrade, who stares at their hands before making surprised eye contact again.
The man with the missing fingers is shaking on the beach by the water’s edge. The sea laps at his back with every small surge, and the gulls are crying out again above like nothing has happened and no time has passed.
“It’s a reasonable solution.” Sherlock rushes, closing the distance between the sink and her chair in only a stride in the cramped space, “Anderson’s too insufferable to live without the cash, I’ll find Mycroft without leaving the island, and you’ll pay off the Stockyard.” He lays an hesitant, gentle hand on her shoulder.
Sherlock slips off of Redbeard’s saddle with haste. The stirrups and the seat are slick. His legs quake, straining against his wound and the cramping. Relentless, his mind refuses to acquiesce even the smallest amount of headspace to the sensation of bodily pain.
John slips his hand over Sherlock’s face now, brushing his thumb gently against the crest of Sherlock’s cheek again. Sherlock can spot how this is natural to him from a mile away. He narrows his eyes, wondering how many others John has touched like this. The hard edges of John’s worn skin catch along stray hairs. Perhaps he can be persuaded to calm down.
“Mrs Hudson?” He pushes the door. It's locked, so he takes the key from his pocket and slips inside. “Mrs Hudson?”
Sherlock notices the strands of long brown hair misplaced behind her ear as they approach the counter. Her ponytail is resting lower than usual, swept over one of her shoulders. He bends to one side, hands in his pockets, peering under the counter to get a view of her shoes. Yes, she’s wearing the same socks as yesterday. He draws in a very deep breath through his nose. John looks at him strangely.
Sherlock fights it, but his mouth twists happily, nonetheless. John laughs, and Sherlock loves it, he knows he’s the reason for it, so he covers his face with one hand, purposefully hiding the exhilarated grin.
,” John snaps back. His words aren't so carefully chosen anymore - the way Gladstone throws his head and the way his feet dance with the bells tied crudely around his ankles, it all must be affecting him. “It's been too long.” It has likely only been days at most. Does Hope intend to race even with a busted arm?
He pushes the door open, hitting someone’s bike, and then closes and locks the Ford, striding confidently toward the pub. He tries to convince himself he knows what he’s doing - look at the odds, watch the other riders and the way they move and drink, look at who the gamblers are betting on. Go home.
“You aren’t going with them?” John asks when the door closes. His voice is soothing and low, without a need to shout, so close to Sherlock’s face.
He takes up Sherlock’s arm, pulling him outside of the church doors. Sherlock can feel the heat from his hand seeping through his coat, and he does his best not to melt, but the warmth spreads out anyways. Like a reaching strike of lightning, it covers his face in pink.
Sherlock straightens, rolling his shoulders back gently enough so that John won’t be dislodged but enough to make a fierce figure to the detectives. “Get out.”
He casts a glance over his shoulder at the door, mistakenly turning his cheek into John. At this point, Lestrade and Donovan have already pulled out of the drive and the neighborhood in search of the missing exhibit. It would do no harm to bring John out.
Sherlock watches him, ruminating over what the Races would’ve been like for him if he had never met Gladstone. There’s a sense of security, albeit he knows it’s false, thinking that all the horses on the beach will be like Gladstone. Behaved in the hands of their keeper, and uninterested in Sherlock. But Mary, the piebald, Jefferson’s horse and that chestnut, have all shown him the other side of the
“The Stockyard doesn't hire just anyone. They’ve that rider, oh, what's he called? Well, that young man’s won five years in a row, now, despite getting nearly trampled last year, and with the prize so big, the Yard can afford to hire whoever they want. And they don't have just ordinary horses, either,” warns Mrs Hudson. The woman reaches into the stall to pat Josephine’s soft nose. “They aren't like old Josey, here.”
Could there be a hidden conversation in this answer? Moriarty thinks John is so stupid. It’s embarrassing for the both of them. Feeling his skin tighten further over his knuckles, John hides his clenched fists in his crossed arms.
John knows what the etching means? Is it related to the murderer, some pedestrian, plebeian poetry about pain and killing from the medieval period that the killer has taken to heart? Was it a stressor at all that made him begin his killings 18 years ago, or was it the acquisition of the sword itself that triggered him?
“And you must've believed no one in the world would stop you…” Hope goes on. The man beside him grins devilishly. There's only Hope and that man next to him, he's not even sure who it is, but Sherlock knows he's not good news, and he's not going to help. He's here with Hope. He's here with Hope.
“I didn’t say any of this, because I didn’t want you to know. You would’ve questioned why I’d done such a thing.”
There are whoops and hollers from the crowd of riders and spectators, unlike the feedback from any other pledged rider. Just as there were in the tavern, when Watson had first signed up, men are celebrating their returning champion.
Suspension comes crashing down with a jolt, only to leap again, knees stretching far, one by one by one by one - Gladstone doesn’t need to gather his legs before he’s ending the next stride. Wind rips savagely at Sherlock’s eyes and ears, muffling all sound.
Bitterly, Anderson’s sea wish comes to mind. Sherlock’s name, streaked backwards in smudged charcoal, carried out to sea. Done out of malevolence and frustration. It has had no effect on him besides unsettling something in his gut, leaving him vulnerable to danger and emotion. But maybe that was the point of it. The Races are soon, however, and that could all change. How many riders have written John’s name on a sea wish and sent it away? Through the years, there must have been many.
“All these… they're wild. They're all new,” John nods his chin forwards, then points with his pencil down off the cliffs. “See the bay mare? And the one next to her? They’ve circles around them, but they're restless. They don't stop moving,” John’s mouth flattens, “They shouldn’t be down on the beach. The water’s too strong for them.” He returns the lead point to the notebook, scribbling something.
Again, Sherlock glances behind himself, wondering if there's room for him to back Redbeard away. There was, last time he checked. Now, however, they're crowded so close that it isn't possible, and he gets an eyeful of the tumultuous sea beyond the thin strip of rocky shore, and belatedly wonders if any
She's just coming up the stairs now, wearing an apron covered in flour around her waist. Panic-baking again. She's quiet, then, “Well, now Mrs Turner owes me a pretty penny.”
Lone ridges in the earth rise before the steep slope of the cliffs drops them long distances down into black, choppy low water. You can see the curvature of the earth before you can see any more land, in any direction. There are no white or blue or orange splotches of ships or buoys out past the breakers today.
Without it, despite being fully clothed, he’s strangely bare, his hands lacking something to worry with the silence of the flat. The coals pop in the woodstove and his mind races, thoughts twisting to hurt him. He’s frozen.
The blonde mare stops prancing where she stands. Her lips slide back over her bloodied teeth. Her ears droop forward.
The Ford rambles past houses that look like they’ve grown out of rock, colourless possessions spilling out backdoors and into shoddy fenced-in gardens.
Vague light of the streetlamps enters the foyer through the high windows, casting yellow over the desks in front, small name plaques, and showing off the location of a hallway door behind them. Sherlock waves a hand, getting John’s attention. He steps onto the patterned rug, “This way,” he instructs lightly, glancing at the familiar picture on the wall.
Lestrade pauses, “What local would have monkshood on hand? If the perpetrator was angry at the victim, he would’ve acted out fairly quickly. That’s how it usually happens.”
They reach the Stockyard. Over the meadow, Sherlock can see the shape of the mill past the pony fences. There are white wooden boxes filled with new flowers, new posters and signs for directions. It must be Thursday, the day of the youngstock auction. The grass is green and has been freshly watered to look as healthy as possible, and even the barns seem to be shinier than usual, flags flying traditional Thisby colors. Only Sherlock is aware that Moriarty cares nothing about the island’s culture, and everything about the power he has over it.
He passes Mrs Turner’s, their closest neighbor, and her sprawling sheep farm, caged in by a low stone roadside wall. Topped with frail loops of barbed wire, it is all that will protect the eternally petrified flocks. Her border collies bark at anyone who comes near, or any car that shudders past. Once they recognize the car, they yip and whine for Sherlock to come out and feed them leftover tidbits. Today, however, he's busy.
“I’d say… twenty years ago? Judging by the model and the wear that the salt’s had on it,” Sherlock begins to speak quickly, reaching down to rub soothing circles in Redbeard’s quivering shoulder, “The watch was gifted from your elder brother, which was given to him by your late father. It was originally a pocket watch, but your brother had the face removed and the band attached, very common, an adaption of generational gifts across said generations. Your brother was a man of untidy habits - very untidy, and careless. He was left with good prospects, but threw away his chances, lived for sometime in poverty, and finally, taking the drink, he died. With nothing, you moved here.”
Must be the shrinking tech. Along with some delusional man off the street or an accomplished actor, though Sherlock certainly would’ve remembered John’s face, had he seen it before. With its painted expression last night, it had seemed as ordinary a figurine as any.
Lestrade waits by the front door, up on the open porch, speaking with Anderson in a heated tone, glancing over when Sherlock ducks under the tape and sifts through busy officers.
It is a great, old building, one of the oldest on the Thisby, mind a few stables owned by Moriarty. Expanses of colored glass, steady columns, and intricate wood carvings cover it entirely.
Sherlock draws in a deep breath, surveying the room. It smells of heavy saffron and mainland spices in here, wafting from whatever warm concoction is inside of the steaming, freshly-poured teacup in its painted saucer on Moriarty’s organized desk. Bookshelves are inlaid along the walls, full of old fieldwork journals, atlases, fiction. Glass bottles with curious specimens sit, undusted, on rows of shelves, and there is a Victorian gothic-styled portrait of a horse with some jockey hanging on a wall. Two windows frame Moriarty’s figure, one over each shoulder, Sherlock can spy the shades of darkness outside. Because of the hour, everything is thrown into sharp shadows from the dim lamps on the walls.
He lets John lean away, but just barely, his heavy cock slipping from Sherlock’s grip. The two fingers return with no small warning, drenched in viscous slick, and Sherlock arches his back when they seek out the spot inside of him immediately and without hesitation. John’s wrist curves to follow his movement. John is thorough and practiced, grazing and making Sherlock’s cock impossibly harder.
He lays the rein against Gladstone’s neck and the water horse turns on a coin, flying away from the craggly line that makes up the edge of the island and sweeping inland, ripping through furlongs of grass in the blink of an eye. John’s arms tighten around him, squeezing playfully, and it hits Sherlock that John is laughing, only, the wind is taking it all. Sherlock’s mouth twists into a smile, one he tries to keep to himself.
“A thief procured it from the notary’s office the night you and I were at Hawkins’, but luckily for you I was present to apprehend him. I have the file. I don’t have the man. Now, the evidence room?”
There’s no one in the musty room. Plenty of things line the shelves, some of them surely antiques and covered with cobwebs near the back, confiscated years and years ago in some investigation that never received a happy resolve. Probably because Sherlock didn’t work on them, the cases so cold and ancient, but Lestrade likely didn’t, either, so Sherlock doesn’t make a snappy comment.
In all, it reminds him of the very pub they are now in. Dark in the low light, smelling of sweat and men and beer and heavy vodka that is more like moonshine than anything regulated. Someone bangs on a table and someone roars a bargain or a bet at the first. Things like this go on all around the loud room.
John grips Sherlock’s elbow. Sherlock’s worry begins to dissipate. John says, “I missed you. Let me help you with your colours. Take off Redbeard’s saddle.”
. Really, it’s a wonder that he doesn’t have to remind the inspector of the continued existence of technology. When Sherlock turns on his mobile for the day, there haven't been any missed messages or calls. No new leads from Lestrade, then. Scotland Yard should find something soon. A spree killer from two decades ago can't hold back
“Obviously,” Sherlock says, waving a hand dismissively. John frowns, his face cast in shadow, and Sherlock resets himself. The gravel crunches under their shoes. “Sorry. Yes, although the fairytale story within would have seemed arbitrary to Lestrade, it was damning to you and I because you understood the meaning of Moriarty’s obsession.”
Sherlock's head breaks the surface of the water, and he gasps for air. He flounders - and then he's finding the sand beneath his ruined shoes, sinking when he tries to sit back, it's too deep, he’s waist deep in the Scorpio sea.
The whole island catches in a hush, but it’s of no consequence with John leaning into Sherlock’s side. John, who has always been sturdy, steadfast and dependable against the oppressive crowds, his own renown, and Moriarty’s influence. John, who now feels so heavy and tired. Sherlock observes a smear of red sand down the racetrack, the circling of gulls.
Perhaps John may feel deeply about Sherlock. Whether it is a terrible, disabling love, like Sherlock’s, remains to be seen, although it is unlikely by circumstance. Hurt by it, by his own slip of emotion, Sherlock frowns. John cannot be allowed all the information when it still has the ability to change the Races, to risk the outcomes.
Sherlock’s heart stammers, and then quickens. His own ears strain towards any other sight besides the blurry fence and the mist crawling over it. They’d been out there all day, it’s early evening, and they’d just been out there. Getting the bales from Tholla. Riding. Feeling the wind hum and sing beneath their skin and their pelt. What else had been out there, with them, haunting the mist?
“Sherlock Holmes and his island pony! Can I get a photograph?” Says a nearby photographer. Sherlock stares at Moriarty’s profile, and the cameraman snaps and flashes his photo, anyways.
of the sea down far below. Somewhere under them there could be the tunnels of the caves, filled with paintings, bones, and water horses.
“Sherlock!” John calls, and Sherlock pushes his heels into Redbeard’s side, who begins to trot. There is the sound of a sigh, lost to the drizzling of rain, and then John has silently caught up. Gladstone is as meek as a sheep, walking silently with huge steps as Redbeard trundles along, still spooked. “What happened? Did they do anything to you?”
Sherlock had told John several times that he hadn’t lied, that he’d given the whole truth. The confession triggers a surge of honesty, guilt squeezing his conscious.
The fire of a gunshot reports through the air, crackling like lightning, booming like thunder, and Sherlock’s sure he’s just had several heart attacks simultaneously. At once, the chestnut horse rears, forelegs flailing and neck curving and it’s screaming, Hope jerks, and so Sherlock bolts.
“This is Snow White,” John says, incredulously, and providing the name Sherlock had deleted. “It’s the passage about her being poisoned by the evil witch. It’s the original version — the queen hires the huntsman to kill Snow White, she wants to eat her liver, lungs, and heart. Except,” John shifts the paper, “liver and lungs, they’re crossed out. The words.”
“This year, yes. Moriarty will be trying to buy her after the Races. That is,” Watson drops his voice, “If she hasn't killed everyone and gone into the sea again.” A pause. Sherlock watches a seabird fly near the cliffs over past Watson's shoulder. "I could show you a real horse. Gladstone doesn't do them justice."
Father Stamford says in that proclaiming voice he has as John and Sherlock pass into the sizeable crowd. He’s at the cliffside, standing before the bonfire and preaching to the gathering of mourners. The dying flecks of glowing embers drift past him, over his shoulders and out to the expanse of the water. Smoke turns over and into the night.
“I’ve survived seven Races,” John says, “I can survive one more year.” A pause. It lengthens, and Sherlock lets it, turning his head, still in John’s hands, to a flock of gulls that are turning through the wind out by the ocean, searching the beaches for anything left by horses or men. John speaks again, “I sound like a cock, but, I’d rather have you alive than your horse.”
Mrs Hudson sets the mug down. She turns on him, lips pursed together, “Sherlock Holmes, you’re always sticking your nose in other people’s business.”
“He wasn’t going to give me Gladstone, until after Hope was dead. He changed his mind. You must’ve said something to him.”
John looks at Sherlock over his shoulder, widening his stance and standing defiantly on Sherlock’s hand. He settles his hands on his hips, brushing aside his cloak - waiting. The seconds of alone-time tick by in an unstoppable counter in Sherlock’s head. Sherlock nods a slight apology.
John whistles, low. It's reminiscent of Stamford’s, back in Hawkin’s Tavern, the night Sherlock signed up for the Races. He wonders who took up the habit from whom.
shrieks and leaps to following John, tail snapping, all open mouth and pale gums, but it’s too slow and falls too far behind, and gets caught up in a fight with the horse that attempts to drag the injured rider off its back.
“--lit….-el close!” John’s voice cuts through, lapses punctured by the wind. Does John want him closer to the cliff edge? Highly unlikely - the sun is orange, half in the sky, half behind the water, but Sherlock keeps looking forward, focusing on the outcropping that they once left far behind, coming up again with tremendous swiftness. A flock of white gulls cry out, flying beside them on the edge of the cliffs, keeping pace with them for but a moment before they fall far, far behind, farther with every half-stride.
on the beach. Sherlock wants to get off the rock, because the heat is burning him, as close as it is now. However, he doesn’t want to step down or away, because that means something entirely else than wanting the bonfire’s heat off his face. Sherlock stands straight and high, tilting his face towards Hope bravely. The fault lines crack further open over his skin, exposing magma boiling below. He can't step down.
He encircles John’s prick, shocked by the way it burns his hand, the heaviness of it, the slight give when he squeezes, curious. John draws in a sharp breath, kissing Sherlock with greater fervor. Sherlock experiments with his touching, sliding and slow.
Drifting almost effortlessly closer to John, Sherlock watches the giant champion horse, the lines of his face all smoothed and simple. More of the barn workers and stablehands, against the push of the wind, have pails and baskets full of charms. One passes too close to Gladstone, and the horse kicks out a hind leg feebly. John coos, as if to a baby or prized pet. Sherlock looks up above, but can’t see Moriarty from this angle. Has he ever seen that man on a beach at all? The cold wind buffets them, throwing open Sherlock’s jacket and blowing Gladstone’s scratchy white mane over his withers. He idles steps behind the black horse’s rider, eyeing the horse.
into the search bar. “You’ve just tried to escape, so obviously there is a need to keep you contained. I don’t want a spy bug running around my flat.” Ugh. Nothing of use is coming up. He tries images, but they’re a flurry of medieval knight gear and old obituaries.
John pulls the stool out again and sits down, feet on the low bar. Sherlock’s reach the floor. As John sits, his skin brushes by Sherlock's, elbow on the bar. John’s arms are hairy, but his skin is smooth like polished sea glass. Shivers run all through him.
His heart stutters, and he climbs briskly back onto Redbeard before he can properly think. Get away, get away, get
“It's… it's like…” John huffs an irritated breath, tucking the thin cloth into his saddlebag. Gladstone sucks in heavy breaths. Redbeard snorts, ducking his head to nose at the weak Thisby grasses again. Gladstone watches him, blatantly interested. “Hm. Well, um. Huh. Analogies are harder than I thought.”
Sherlock snaps up from his lounging on the sofa. It’s been a long day of repairs, which means John has been ripping up the moldy carpet upstairs and Sherlock has been furiously working on a murder for Lestrade. Sherlock’s dressing gown slips over one shoulder in his haste as he rises to snatch the letter from John’s hand. “Mycroft.”
Determined, Sherlock leans close to the water horse’s ear. He falters. Gladstone is unmoved, his skin thrumming under Sherlock’s touch and leaking deep into Sherlock’s bones.
He leaves his boots on, there’s always some maid or loose stablehand around and he enjoys being even a slight inconvenience to Moriarty. Striding down the expansive halls reminds him of the night before, of the officer’s building in Skarmouth, dashing through the rooms in search of evidence about to be stolen after a handsome enigma of a man…
Sherlock tunes in, the door downstairs groans open, and he whips around. His pulse thunders in his ears, white noise rushing around his brain. No, no!
tired, but the uneasy energy from earlier begins to make his mind stir, that reluctance to accept or consider how John sees this nameless…
he meets. More than just the Yard’s keep, or the superstitious locals and bewildered European tourists. Perhaps it has found and sunk into Sherlock’s very heart, wound around each atrium and ventricle, slipped through his aorta to be pumped to all arteries, back in through every vein, a powerful, constricting black poison that will kill him.
The electric lamplight sneaking through the alleys nearby highlight different sections of black on Gladstone, morphing them into a pale sort of grey, like the pebbles on the seashore. His chest rises with heavy breaths, his eyes reflecting the light, twisting in his skull to look back at the riders.
. You may call them fairytales. I call them historical novellas. I especially love this one.” Now, he turns the cover, so that Sherlock can read the embellished title.
It won't matter how many flowers and tassels one drapes over their steed’s bridle, how hard one tries to hide their ride from the call of the sea; someone will go. Charms will not save the riders, or wits, or any amount of cleverness. Mystical leather polish on a saddle will not, either.
Watson laughs again. It's less impressed amusement, and more of a grim thing. “No, not me. Not on purpose, at the very least.”
It’s a tall man. There’s a scarf pulled up over his mouth and nose, and once, Sherlock could’ve been fooled into thinking it was protection from the temperature, but inside the station, Sherlock knows it’s for a semblance of disguise.
or wait for it to swallow you. Or get lost,” John gestures to the smaller caves Sherlock had investigated earlier, “and then the ocean will seep through the tunnels.”
He takes this as an invitation to lean beside John, the chalk bumping into his back and crumbling into dust over his shoulders. Just, hopefully not his hair.
Just like that night when he signed up for the Races, began all of this by putting his name on the blackboard, Skarmouth is alive.
Shame burns hot in Sherlock’s throat. He’s already given his blood. It isn’t like he can take it back. What can he say?
John is slowly nodding, “And he would've forgotten the lipstick entirely if he was feeling off. Feverish.”
John’s still a length away from his face, dark-edged eyes searching Sherlock’s expression. A half-smile emerges over his mouth, the one Sherlock had just had his lips upon. He would endure a hundred of Anderson’s sea wishes to keep doing this.
Sans his giant black stallion, but they're in a crowded tavern, and Sherlock doubts a water horse would be welcome here.
He gasps as his back hits the ground hard, and something spatters across his face, warm and wet. His back aches as he watches the mare rear up, ripping at something mangy in her mouth. She comes back down, and Sherlock rolls out of the way of her hooves just in time as they slam into the sand, spraying grains - he's stuck on his back in shock, and realizing that it's blood on his face, and it's coming from above, not from him.
“I will ride,” Lestrade tells Adler formally. Then, he thrusts his hand forward, and Adler’s delicate fingers snake around his wrist, jerking it closer to herself. She brandishes a tiny blade, and slices his finger in an expertly fast motion. The blood must fall to the rock, because he relaxes, but Sherlock is too far away to see it.
“I would have told you. We’re going to Lestrade, now, and the station. I’ll tell you how I figured it out, too, and then you’ll say that I’m
He has half a mind to recall the old collie almost biting his face, the piebald on the beach staring him down, or staring blankly at his limp arm when he’d hurt himself.
Sherlock hums, pretending to agree so that he can leave more quickly with what he wants. Hm. Maybe leaving isn’t the best course of action. What if the envelope is in the box, and when he opens it, it has a letter of confession from Moriarty about the murder? He should be as close to the station as possible if that’s the case, so the arrest can happen more smoothly.
Sherlock sighs, incredibly burdened by this well-wishing. “Come along, John." He nods at Mrs Hudson. “I will see you at the end.”
His fingers twitch for the first time in a week at half past three on a Wednesday afternoon. Sherlock is the one to see it. Feel it.
“I haven’t seen such a big one up close,” Mrs Hudson says to Sherlock, gesturing to Gladstone like he’s a dog to be impressed by. She doesn’t startle in the slightest when Gladstone peers at her inquisitively. “He’s very handsome.”
It must be the limp. Watson limps, badly, as he walks towards the door, but he doesn't have a cane. It’s not as bad as it was at the beach. Sherlock’s mouth flattens into a line. Psychosomatic. Interesting. It lessened to near nothing when he was handling the blonde mare, and only reappeared when Watson was leaving. He looks sharp, like a man who could race, but his face is also soft around the corners, like he wouldn't have the heart.
“Means it’s free rein, which means I can be here,” Watson flicks the reins of his great water horse, which jolts its head to one side, showing off a powerful profile. “You know, I never did get to say a proper goodbye to you, two days ago.”
His hands shake on the reins, and now he cranes his neck, looking for John. Just one last glance of teal.
John grins, his cheeks smudged with indistinct color. He tilts his head. “Makes it hard to sit in a saddle.”
Ah. He must be tired, not antsy like Sherlock. Sherlock hadn’t been paying much attention, too busy with the reports. He glances up, and Mrs Hudson has set dishes on the table.
Sherlock stares at the blue-eyed man. Then glances at the bowler hat, then back to John. This is Watson? The man who was apparently bad-mouthing the mare has just calmed her? Of course! When the bowler hat said ‘
eyes raking down his face and his figure, John’s hands that gravitate around his back to encircle him with solid strength and comfort, John’s fingers that flirt with the back edge of his trousers.
Rightly taking it as an invitation, John’s hips stutter back and pitch forward again. Sherlock lets out a small
The other one of Hope’s ‘friends’ has left the beach, terrified, and struggles up the sandy path back to the cliffs -- the missing-fingers-man remains stunned, holding his own throat as if imagining how close that had been to being him on the sand beside Sherlock’s knees. He’s clearly in shock. The smell overcomes Sherlock, heavy blood, and the miasma of malcontent, and the rotting kelp on the rocks further down the shore.
“And you, Inspector.” John shakes it. Sherlock has the sense that they both knew the other, but had never met. Both were fairly well-known figures around Thisby. A name without a face on a very small, cold island.
Sherlock snorts at this statement, though he recognizes his own hypocrisy. He would rather have John alive than Gladstone, as much as he is fascinated by the latter, he'd never want anything more than John. He thinks of Moriarty.
His lips wrinkle back. They reveal a flat of familiar teeth that fit perfectly into the patterned grooves on John’s shoulder.
The mare has no more rider, but there is a saddle draped in bells over her back, streaks of brown-red on her pale coat and a halter covered in iron chainmail over her hallowed face -- John wretches his leg from where it’s been crushed by the heavy muscles in the mare’s neck and Gladstone’s side, face of panic, while she screams and snaps at Gladstone -- Gladstone is swinging and screeching and baying right back, clacking his teeth as she rears, a foreleg striking out, long ears pinned against her skull, John is instantly on the sand, and--
Sherlock couldn’t give a wit about the time. The sun is red, somewhere way below the horizon, and the rest of the sky is purpling and darkening.
Nervously, Sherlock fidgets with the band of bright red along his arm. He stops himself when he realizes it’s Mrs Hudson who has made him so fussy. If his body and face is mangled by the end of this, the colors will make identification easier.
Sherlock parks the Ford with a squeal of tired breaks, stopped up against the grass outside the pasture of Mrs Hudson’s. He tucks the keys into his pocket, briefly fluttering a hand at his side and idling by the car. Mrs Hudson has none of his gifts of perception, but last night wasn’t her bridge night with Mrs Turner, and so she is bound to have noticed his absence.
Mrs Hudson doesn’t seem to mind this at all, and digests it so quickly and easily that Sherlock is disappointed. He thought that the surprise of a champion in her house would buy him a moment of quiet until John came back.
o catch the attention of your feeble little mind, Sherlock. Oh, how many robberies and murders in Skarmouth or Tholla I tried to lay out for you. But that isn’t what it took you to be interested, is it?”
Lestrade waves him in.  Stepping past Donovan with a glance, John’s eyes find Sherlock’s as quick as waves flitting over sand. He looks relieved, part from seeing Sherlock, part from being out of the wind and cold, and part from getting away from Donovan, who was sure to put up a fight as to letting him in the back offices without Lestade’s approval. The former part of his relief, so apparent in his weary expression, makes Sherlock glow.
This may very well be the strategy. To rile Sherlock up, hurt his horse, the only real constant in his life, and that will be excuse enough.
in the Races, and then outlawed. They’re old, but retain their gleam and their mystery. The small bronze plates beside each one details their name, origin, the
Sherlock watches the reflection of John’s complex expression in the glass. “The same way he could get wolfsbane.”
Now, he turns to regard Moriarty, who watches his men pour around the beach, one is searching for signs of
,” he lowers his volume as another inspector cruises by him down the hallway, almost bumping Sherlock’s elbow, “It’s bad enough you get in here as much as you do.”
Moriarty throws up his hands, and Sherlock makes sure not to flinch in concern, holding his posture, hands itching for the letter opener. He grins. “That’s what they always say about the rich old man who lives on the hill!” He taps the fairytale’s hardcover, and places it back down on the center of his desk. He straightens it, giving an impression of compulsion, until it is in line with his pens. “The king,
Racing ahead is the figure, who takes a split down a narrow alley across the quay. Sherlock follows the turn, the streetlights sharp blurs on the pavement he quickly covers. This man is fast, but so is Sherlock.
His fingers draw together, clenching around the shirt material. Sherlock’s heart pounds fast, trying to burst into John’s hand. As if feeling it, John presses firmly. It causes Sherlock’s injured ribs to ache terribly but Sherlock can’t care at all.
Sherlock picks up the box. Smooths his hands over the polished wood. It’s unmarred. Very well taken care of. He wonders if sentiment is behind it, and then inwardly scoffs, because of course it is. It is always either sentiment or logic that allows things to be preserved, and since there is no logic to saving a figurine, then it is the former.
But he knows they ought to stay. If there is wind or rain on the day of the race, he needs Redbeard to be solid. Not the slippery, jerky animal that he is right now.
isn’t preparing to lunge for Redbeard, Sherlock notices in the nick of time. It has only taken a heartbeat of inattention, and the
“This is what happens, brother mine,” Mycroft had said, a line between his brows, eyes fixed on the Races far below. “The Races will be the end of Thisby.”
“None of them will be at the Yard now, mind a few who don’t drink. Barely five days until the Races, all these festivities? And give up fishermen for what— nothing? No one’s going to give something up for nothing.”
“Watson, you of all people should know, the Races are sacred,” Hope manages with that sick smile, and his
He’s able to turn his head enough to watch John lick a stripe up his palm, which throws a lump into Sherlock’s throat, and push that against Gladstone’s face, right between his eyes. Gladstone’s head plummets, neck bending morosely as John holds his hand in the same spot. A muscle jumps in Gladstone’s leg when Sherlock stretches up to finally, finally get on the damned horse.
The castle continued to be an eyesore and in the way of everything. Sherlock texted Lestrade upwards of seventy times to come and move it to at least the sitting room table. It may have been covered in papers and files and dirty plates that Mrs Hudson has chastised him about a hundred times, but Sherlock could… make space for it.
Wood lines the bottom of the building, beneath the layers of brick, nails haphazardly sticking out, and rotting fibre at the edges. Splinters catch on his shoe, the toll that constant rain and weather have had on an old building. Like the sea was itself raised to rot, the wood crumbles when Sherlock gives it an experimental kick.
He didn't think of the castle when he returned in the early hours of the morning, as he swept into the flat through the kitchen door, and fell asleep with his clothes on, sprawled out atop his duvet.
The great black stallion moves, and circles around to Redbeard’s shivering side, leaving only a few feet between the two horses.
“Average weight of an adult male is about eighty-two kilograms, that’s under three grams of aconitine. Two point two-six-eight to be numerically exact,” Sherlock snaps, “He was administered a dose enough to kill a healthy adult male, meaning it wasn’t common knowledge that he was ill.” He picks up the next photograph, a more recently developed one and mostly unharmed by the seawater, a shot of the man’s stomach contents. “Or the poisoner wanted to be sure the dose was enough to be fatal.”
real,” John insists, “but it’s not with me in my world, no. Neither are these clothes, or this armor, or the castle. I’ve only had the sword when I am here, but it’s from my world, like the rest of it.”
Saint Columba’s sits outside of Skarmouth by only a small distance. The giant cross atop the cathedral glows with electric light against the dark island sky, a literal beacon.
And so, when the giant white mare barrels straight into him, Gladstone shrieks and throws himself back at her.
Gladstone is the biggest, fastest thing on land. Mike Stamford had told him so, those weeks ago. Nothing could outpace him.
It's exactly what she said when Sherlock had come in to put his and Redbeard’s name on the blackboard. Undermining him then had been irritating, but now that John’s right next to him, leaning back in his stool and seeming tense, it's nakedly embarrassing.
Hope rumbles, a chuckle, and the locals who get the poke of fun (Sherlock Holmes, speechless) laugh, some too loudly for the deadly quiet of the scene.
He hadn’t been paying attention to his internal timer. If only he’d asked for six minutes, or ten, instead… But Lestrade returning doesn’t mean he has to halt his investigation, just that John can’t be present anymore. Why is Sherlock frustrated over that fact?
“Shadwell was drinking tea when he came in - look at the house, she had severe OCD and would never have left that out half-finished - while he was inside her house. It wasn’t because she didn’t hear him come in, she was relaxed enough to enjoy a cup of tea because she
, he’s only saying it under the guise of it being someone else’s words. This is John’s protection. “I’m not staying for very much longer.”
The Races are over, but they remain a human tradition. A tradition that is short, a mere modern blip in the view of the Scorpio Sea. As such, the water horses churn out of the water, dredged up like bloated corpses at night.
He wretches past people that refuse to move, edging closer to the bonfires and away from spectators who won't be pledging themselves to the island. He will get this over with quickly, and he will go home. No matter who decides to fight him about Redbeard, tonight he will fight back, tooth and nail.
Mary enters his mind again. The horse inexplicably is tied, in his head, to Moriarty’s face, even if it is Magnussen who rides her this year. He can picture Moriarty standing beside her, with the winning kelp and rose garland over her high twitching withers, but he can’t see the man ever climbing onto her. Moriarty doesn’t ride the horses. He only plays their sports.
John’s footsteps are a bit heavier than Sherlock’s as they enter, but that is more of an indicator of the fact that John had more to drink than Sherlock did, rather than anything else. They should be sure no common thief will follow. Craning to look over his shoulder, Sherlock casts a glance behind him to check if they were seen. There’s no one outside besides a lonely man somewhere down the street, hands tucked into his pockets against the cold. Sherlock closes the heavy door behind them, shivers, and allows his eyes to adjust to the pitch black inside the offices.
“Of course,” John says, throwing his shoulders back. He’s quite strapping, his posture firm and commanding. Or, it would be. “You must keep
John barely knows him, yet he shot and killed a man for Sherlock, and injured another. He’s… unsure of what to make of this.
Redbeard flicks his tail, and the wispy hairs thwap against Sherlock’s trousers. The horse dips his head, pulling on the reins good-heartedly.
The comprehension hits him, and leaves Sherlock blinking again, stuck in the middle of his deductions and Moriarty’s impending threat, of John’s desire for him, of the murders and the Races and what freedom he has given up.
Sherlock is soaking wet and standing on the beach, running his palm over Gladstone’s long face. Upon realizing what he is doing, he wrenches his hand away from the ghostly mane and nostrils that should be blowing out hot air. Right. Gladstone is yet unmoved. Sherlock’s never been able to take the time to observe every individual hair on his nose before. Nor has he ever been brave enough.
Great shapes blow near from behind and they streak past, climbing the sand and shrieking at one another. They must untangle themselves from the scuffles of the beginning, or they’ll fall pummel to those crystalline hooves. Teeth snap by Redbeard’s hock as he kicks up, flinging sand into the snout of a
Tholla is probably less busy, he muses while avoiding a few women coming down the road on bright bicycles, further from the beaches as it is, but visitors to the island like to visit it all, from the sheep farms to the ports to the moorlands. A couple with linked arms, the woman clad in a long brushing skirt and flowing blouse, wrong choice of clothes for the cold today, heads down the walk on the other side of the road. Her outfit might look nice if the wind wasn’t blowing her hat off her head every other minute. It blows a few shutters against shop windows.
Pull up ur bootstraps bc it’s halloween soon, the perfect time to ready this spooky story. I’m also thinking of, when this is soon complete, starting a new fic, although I’m not sure if it should be a new AU or some case-fic!
So, she remained in this room until the killer crept up the stairs and opened the door. She didn’t hear him come through the front. Could have been another point of entry. What of the windows? On the second story, they’re too high to be scaled by anyone without a ladder, and the noise of a screen creaking open would’ve alerted the victim enough for her to make an escape. His brain makes note of the writing desk in a lonely corner beside a floor lamp, the coffee table that has been pushed aside by the police, and the ceramic white elephant statue on a shelf. Beside it is a large, framed picture of two happy women in wedding dresses.
“Why on earth would you do that? You’ll get yourself killed!” Something clatters in the front room (it must be Archie, surprised at hearing Molly shout). “There- there are people who
With no more bucking, Sherlock surges forward, and Redbeard gives it everything, head lowering. Sherlock crouches on his back. Curses his long legs, and he presses them ever further into Redbeard's rusted coat, both pressuring the horse to run faster and trying to make himself ass small as possible.
A glance to John. He is half beneath the duvet he had pulled aside for Sherlock during the night, laying on his side where Sherlock has slipped away, his hair a disaster and with half his face creased from the pillow. Sherlock’s chest absolutely swells, and this is when he must turn away. Up for hours, remember, forgotten all about this, remember.
The gun - the gun he nicked off Lestrade on the occasion he was being exceptionally annoying - that’s in the bedroom, and he cannot give whatever may be in his sitting room any time to move and change position. The chairs have sharp legs if he can lift one off the ground silently and quickly enough to brandish as a weapon, and the kettle is hot or maybe he could light something on fire--
Sherlock's hands find John Watson's shirt collar, and then his jacket’s, and he pulls, bubbles escaping from his mouth and nose.
Donovan’s words carry through the door as the team descends back downstairs to the foyer. She’s mocking him  - “
"On the contrary,” Moriarty shifts closer until they are shoulder to shoulder, just two men on the sand, facing the water that bushes along the sand, lapping at Hope’s blood. “This is very pleasant. But I won’t keep you long. You’ll have big things to do this evening. Lestrade’s photographs have developed...”
John turns to him, wide-eyed. He frowns, glancing down at his hands, stilled in their buttoning of his waistcoat. He shakes his head. For an indeterminate reason, this annoys Sherlock.
Unconvinced, John reaches, and Gladstone snaps at his hands, bells rattling loudly and face curving outward like a fish’s. The horse’s eyes never shift from the ocean, and his legs shudder and rattle the bells even louder.
. Sherlock peers at him through his lashes, lips dry and parted, with every part of him that has been kissed flushed red and coarse. He can only imagine what litany of praise will fall from John’s voice should John be inside of him, the closeness that their bodies will afford them, the way their skin will stick together.
Turning around, Sherlock spots him and baulks. John Watson, there on his sofa across the room from the flickering hearth. A duvet is half over John’s lap, a pillow behind his back as he sits up.
At once, the seabed turns over, shivering sand and dredging his feet under the sediment. Up, get up! Leaning forwards gets his freed feet into the cracks of the coral rocks where the abalone live, dislodging shells and reef-bits tucked into the crags of the stones. A breaker melts into the saltwater when he sloshes through it on his way to the shore.
Sherlock rolls his eyes, lips parting in a heavy sigh. “John saw half as much as I did, which was nothing. However, I have the photographs and report.” He produces the stack of papers, crumpled with dried saltwater but hardly smeared, from under his arm. “But I need to see the contents of the man’s pockets.”
John allows them both a moment to pull on their shoes, Sherlock’s sopping and John’s damp from when he had dragged Sherlock out of the surf.
The square pupils in her frightful black eyes track the movement of everyone on the beach. She drools sea foam, the same that washes onto the shore. He can almost hear her grinding her teeth. The island is her prison. He crosses his arms, and leans back into the chalk cliffs, ignoring the way it will get sandy fragments into his dark hair.
He approaches until they are a length apart. Sherlock silently clasps his hands behind his back, skin growing numb with the cold.
John had never come past the gate before. In the dark, Sherlock sees the few squares of light where Mrs Hudson’s old house is, all screen shutters and shingles laid flat by the wind, a great hulking shape with a stuck out thumb, the stalls for Redbeard and Josey, who have both been turned in for the night. Mrs Hudson must still be awake, another light where the kitchen is has flickered on against the night.
And so Sherlock takes Redbeard to the mill with the pony cart hooked up to him the following morning, dragging along the cobblestone Skarmouth roads and into the north.
This morning, when he left Sherlock’s house (or, Sherlock’s rented house, or Mrs Hudson’s house, with whom Sherlock was not involved with any more than in a mother and son relationship), the grass had been covered in frost outside. At the Stockyard, due to all the activity before and during the auction, it seemed like the frost had never been there at all. Even the flowerboxes and their plants seemed untouched by temperature, the houses and the stables all warmed for the comfort of American or European buyers.
“Hey, John,” Henry greets. The ease of it makes Sherlock bristle. “I was wondering where you’d gotten off to.”
When he sleeps scantily that night, he dreams of the piebald and himself in an open field of marigold, and of John Watson, leaning into his ear so that their hair may brush.
Vague, surely temporary veil of safety falling over him, the chill begins to set into Sherlock’s skin, raising the flesh. He can feel it in the marrow of his bones.
Sherlock takes a long breath through his nose. Antiseptic. Lemon antiseptic. And it is everywhere - worse than the flowers outside. His fingers itch to open up all the windows in the house. How could anyone have lived with such a horrendous overflow of smells and sights? His flat smells like chemicals and stale tea and dust motes and sheet music, none of this artificial nonsense.
, John, and he’ll make a new plan to torment you. You don’t have to work for the Yard for him to find you. He’s still thinking. Since we met, you’ve been hurt because he was obsessed with me, obsessed over the fact that I cared for you, obsessed over my intellect. In his mind we are the same. You see? He’s
Abruptly, a set of hands lays into him - no, no, his shirt, and the glint - Sherlock sees, his eyes burning against the saltwater in his failing attempts to claw to the surface - the glint of a knife. He squeezes his eyes shut, and feels the tension on the other end of his collar release.
“No,” Watson says, with a shake of his head that Gladstone mimicks, mane tossing, “Not him. You need to see what you're actually up against.”
The sitting room disappears. It's as though the sofa is the only thing in existence. He wouldn't be surprised if that was truth.
He was just wondering how the fiddler crabs fared when the horses were wild in the autumn, if they were ever crushed by dinner-plate hooves or if they stayed in their burrows all day. Attention drawn back to John, Sherlock frowns. “What makes you think so?”
It's terrifying, Sherlock thinks, how the same sun showcases the permanent layer of salt and grease over the black
world. I am as real as you. At first I mistook you for a giant, they’re common by here in my time, but now I see you must be another Rebecca. I didn't realize where I was a moment ago.”
Wouldn’t it? It seems the most rational thing to do. Take time, take a step away. John doesn't. Between each camera flash he closes in, touching Sherlock’s hand, his arm, his hip, his hair. Here, but quiet. Unrestrained, but somber.
People on Thisby don't like Sherlock. He thinks he may get more cut up them all of them. They say he pries.
At the thought, he absentmindedly put a few lone pencils and one calligraphy pen into an empty wet teacup. The lip of it was so low that the utensils spilled out. Sherlock didn't replace them. Merely cursed them, and the castle, and Lestrade.
He stands, knees shaky for a split second, then fixes his collar, smearing it with blood, sniffing the salt while he watches the barn workers arrange Hope’s body onto the white stretcher, just a piece of cloth between two boards. He had no family on the island anymore, his wife and children moved away, no one else besides the police may have come to collect him for the morgue. He will be buried on the middle of the island, in the old cemetery by the rocks, where sweetgrass doesn’t grow and no one ever visits. Sort of sad. But he was an ass.
Sherlock knows the blonde mare is somewhere among them when he hears her scream. His head pounds at the noise, the memory of the beach tumbling close. Redbeard’s ears pin back, and Sherlock leans forward to pat his neck, soothing. They don't share the same memory, but Redbeard can feel Sherlock's racing thoughts as clearly as if they were seeping directly through the saddle.
Sherlock stops, not as alarmed as before, and shoves his hand into the broad of Redbeard’s chest, making him stop. He bends his head to peer out beneath Redbeard’s neck, and spots a great black shape, speeding towards them.
To make a point, John moves in front of Moriarty, leveling the weapon at Moriarty’s face. Only then do the spider’s eyes tick up to him. Just as fast, they flicker back to Sherlock, hardly acknowledging John's presence.
“No, he’s local,” Sherlock says. “He wouldn’t leave. He’s likely a fisherman, or someone with a job in the import ships or stores.”
The roads here are made of cobblestone instead of dirt and are more like paths than anything else. The town curves into something small and tight-knit. Clothing stores, shopping, and the Hooper Bakery. The mill is somewhere near the north side of the island past the Stockyard, the place where they keep the most dangerous of animals.
“Name’s unimportant. I was preoccupied with the toxicology,” Sherlock says. “Either way. In his pocket, you spotted it in the photograph, the letter was sticking out. With Moriarty’s seal. You recognized it because
It is normal for Sherlock to be seen muttering aloud to himself at a crime scene, but significantly less normal for Sherlock to be seen talking to a toy-come-alive.
John waves a hand. The movement is a little reminiscent of a drunkard, he’s so tired. After all, it is the middle of night. “‘S’your house.”
The scent of honey and sugar and flour and baking powder is so dense in this room, Sherlock wants to gag. Yeast is scattered over the floorboards, and the flowing conversations drift in from the front, like the lull of the ocean on a warm night. The drums are quieter here, though Sherlock can still hear the distinctive rhythms that the men pound out of goatskin basins as wide as Redbeard's chest. The bakery smells heavenly, and not at all like the sea.
Lestrade scrubs a hand over his face. “I don’t suppose you have the murderer for the poisoned tourist? You promised me this afternoon.”
“You will race. I want to see it. I want to see you go against John Watson. Since he is worth the island, I want to see your face,” Moriarty says, “when he dies.”
A deafening crack of a gunshot, and he opens his eyes to bright light. The intensity makes him shut them again, willing away the outside sun. His head aches. His heart is heavy. His lungs are pulled down.
Gladstone doesn't react. He's still staring at Sherlock. Apparently, Sherlock’s more interesting. He doesn't know if he likes being interesting in a situation like this.
“We need to find something on the identity of the killer. Anything that will give him away. Find out why he has your sword, why it’s changed,
It pulls his mind all the way back to the man who had been frothing at the mouth when he died, the man who had come into Hooper’s for tarts while John and Sherlock ate inside. No, no time for that, Sherlock can only handle one thing at a time, the mystery will have to keep him up at night. Perhaps he can catch Lestrade around tonight or tomorrow and weedle out any new details of the case, he’ll have to know what got into his system…
He wonders what would've happened if Darwin had come to Thisby, after, or instead of the Galápagos Islands. There aren't many differences between the water horses, like the finch beaks and the tortoise shells. None that Sherlock can catalog, and he's tried. Just the coat colour. Size. When they leap into the sea after a premature rising, their heads begin to lengthen as they dip under, a scream cut off halfway.
“I've been watching the horses on land for years, Moriarty's horses, and the other ones,” John says. “These Races are going to be different, and not just because an island horse and his master are riding.”
John’s stance tells Sherlock all he needs to know. John will continue to long for racing season, for the danger, for excite. ‘
John’s right, the sword does appear fairly new, without the chips and scratches and general wear-and-tear of a centuries-old weapon.
Redbeard has never been so shaken - he’s like a newborn foal. His legs quiver - the front are splayed, and he’s leaning back, ready to seize and bolt, his ears are swiveling rapidly, slashing through the air in response to too much stimuli, and Sherlock can see the air puffing out, cold and fast, from his tensed mouth.
“I found the shell at the rider’s parade, on the night of the Scorpio Festival. You asked about her yesterday, the mare goddess.”
“Thank you, Archie, and make sure the cinnamon twists don’t burn,” Sherlock makes a vague gesture towards the ovens, and then shoves out the swinging white door, the paint chipped on this side, but not on the other. Appearances, appearances.
“You know. The mare goddess and I.” John’s voice keeps low, hushed, like they are being watched. The barn workers move all around the beach. Sherlock now sees what they are doing, sticking flowers into the chalk cliffs, sprinkling iron shavings and blessed papers into the shallow water. The flying seagulls harshly cry out as they ride the wind above, then move as a flock somewhere back out of sight and towards Skarmouth. They surely feel the sand thrown at their faces just as much as Sherlock and John do on the sand, cold biting at their hands.
It’s a treasure trove of things that are purely John. His watch is on the counter, stuck forever. Sherlock wonders if he could fix it for him. Possibly, maybe. Water damage can be fixed by substituting pieces inside, it the hands aren’t rusted still. The gears would not be the same, but it would tell the proper time, it would tick and work and function. It would get broken again, with this climate. Sherlock wouldn’t be opposed to fixing it indefinitely.
Mycroft had fallen off the radar before, and it was gradual, but guilt and curiosity was worsening in Sherlock’s feverish mind. He fumbled with the postcards and letters Mycroft had since been sending to him. All speaking of mainland governmental affairs that Sherlock had no interest in.
John’s hand squeezes Sherlock’s. Sherlock tightens fiercely, allowing John’s body to sink into his, leaning heaviness and dreaded sorrow against his arm.
Watson laughs. Laughs! At him! How strange! It's powerful and strangely enchanting, like November magic. “What do they normally say?”
The world is mild, like the gentle slumping of the island edges before the sharp drop of the cliffs. If Sherlock thinks that he’ll be racing soon, he’ll turn to stone. Sherlock watches John go, Gladstone a giant black shadow trailing behind him.
“Have a look, Holmes,” Anderson smirks, starting forwards. Sherlock resists the urge to lean back. He’s had far too many men far too close to him tonight, “Have a look.”
“That’s the whole reason we brought you in,” Donovan continues. “Why he left the sword, and you can’t figure anything about it!”
Sherlock is bouncing with the speed and the suddenness of it, and trying fervently to rein in the terrified stallion. He yanks powerfully, and Redbeard jolts to a stop, turning in circles and throwing his head up and back erratically.
Sherlock blinks, so shocked he can't speak for the next five seconds. When he does, he mutters, “That’s not what people usually say.”
Sherlock does not get the Ford out from under the tarp. He wades through the tall, dry grasses that sway in the wind towards the small barn. The barn cat, the ugly thing, follows at his heels. He begins to wonder if the thing has fleas.
And this is how Sherlock finds himself pulling on Redbeard’s leadrope, clipped to his halter, to no avail. The horse is not moving. His neck extends when Sherlock pulls, but his shoed hooves are rooted to the stall flooring, which needs to be mucked. After several pointless moments arguing verbally at the horse, Sherlock throws the leadrope onto the flooring, crossing his arms and tilting his chin up at the stallion. Redbeard snorts, and rocks forward. His hooves shift, his stance steadies.
Lestrade touches his chin with a thumb. He nods to himself, and speaks to Donovan. “We should touch up with the museums, and the smaller ones in Holborn. See if anyone’s reported a missing exhibit. Come on,” he says, and sweeps out of the room.
With John behind him during the whole ride, close as he was, Sherlock had missed looking at him. John does his funny semicircle and spits in it, and Gladstone’s muscles abruptly stop their energized quivering when the saliva strikes the ground.
Sherlock had been charmed the first time he met John, back with the blonde mare and the way she’d torn apart the dog. Most importantly, the way Watson had calmed her. He'd bullied her into cooperating, whispered words of the sea and the sand into her demon-like ears. And then he’d used the iron to keep her grounded. He’d been in awe, watching his practiced way of moving through the tavern. The cleft of his chin. The confidence he signed up with.
At once, John lifts his head away, and Sherlock whines. John’s lips are wet, but the gleam has faded now that the sun is gone. His face and ears are flushed deep red, a heated desire burning in his eyes. Sherlock is careful not to drop his gaze to their laps, and his blood sings. The light blue is cast over John’s figure, betraying the tension in his shoulders.
An ivory stallion adorned in flared, pale blue petals began to jerk its elongated head, snapping with crystal teeth at its rider's leg, turning in a circle like a mutt trying to catch its tail.
“Sherlock,” John says one afternoon, stepping through the front door. He pauses on the sitting room rug, the wonderfully-adorable wrinkle present between his drawn brows. Shopping in one hand, scrutinizing a white envelope in the other. “I’ve got a letter for you from Skarmouth.”
He presses down, and Sherlock grits his teeth, clenching his stomach and trying to push back against the man’s weight.
win. I’d never be done with you. You can imagine my nerves,” Moriarty unfolds a paper, and holds it up between two gloved fingers, “when I got your note.”
57 Chemsworth Circle is in row with the rest of the adjacent houses, large, mint green (what developer paints a house mint green?), old colonial. Flashing police cruisers are parked in the drive and on the road, yellow tape being strung on posts around the property corners by a tired intern, and officers mill about, with a photographer taking pictures of the ground-floor windowsills. Sherlock must have missed the curious crowds of neighborhood residents that have come and gone. Thank god.
“Yeah?” John’s rasps, and it sounds an awful lot like something he said last night. The tone coaxes a shudder from Sherlock’s bare shoulders as John’s thumb rubs the nape of his neck.
long, can they? It's hardly been a day since Sherlock was immersed in old files and information at the station, but already the growing itch of boredom has crept into his brain. He can feel it just under his skin.
bone. Exposure to seawater versus freshwater. Results have been.. Naught. His theories on the bones themselves shifting versus just the flesh and skin of the horses when they are fresh from the sea or return to it have not been proven one way or the other. And to think that this is how he spends his free time.
But John steps up behind him, hands locking over Sherlock’s hips, chin tapping Sherlock’s arm to peer at the letter, and Sherlock reminds himself that Mycroft wasn’t ever his only goal. His nerves flutter smooth.
Sherlock's snaps his face back to Stamford, alarm flaring in his head more loudly than all the yelling in the tavern, than the jangle of the bells on the blonde mare’s breastplate, more potently than the stink of beer and stale sweat. Stamford pushes his glasses back up onto his face.
Sherlock makes a negative noise in his throat. It works better than shaking his head ‘no’. Shaking his head would dislodge John on his shoulder, and he couldn't imagine ever doing such a thing. “Moriarty would seize the house back. Then where would she go?”
Sherlock hesitates, and it must be obvious, because John’s mouth flattens out from the beautiful smile with a surprised cough. “I’m not trying to pull anything,” John manages, “I'm making sure you won't get hypothermia, influenza, a cold. You're covered in the ocean, and you're shaking like a leaf.”
Sherlock is lacking something in his hands to fiddle with nervously. He misses the glass as he forces his arms to his side, feeling like a statue carved from wood as he crosses the room.
“They’ll still try and keep you off that beach,” Watson says, “It won’t have ended at the festival.” Watson quips the reins and Gladstone’s ears push forward, head swinging back to follow them.
He runs his hand across the bumpy surface of the cavern. Several pieces of rock crumble away from the uneven wall at his touch, dropping off and onto the rough ledges, or bouncing into the shallow rocks further below. The paintings are too high up for him to touch.
Redbeard pants, and stamps his foot. He doesn't like how Sherlock has stopped. His ears swivel wildly.
“Yes, and at that festival, you had a conversation with a woman dressed up in a taxidermy horse’s head over a seashell.” Sherlock allows a smirk to come over his lips, tucking his chin against his neck. “I don’t think either of us are responsible for our festival-induced-actions.”
No, that’s not right. All of the horses from the sea are dangerous, deadly. Their heads cocked back, raptor-like, ready to strike. They’re alive, always, and always ready and poised for hunting, for finding their next meal.
Hm. Their case? He’s beginning to go quite mad. John is a magnificent conductor. Perfectly directing Sherlock’s thoughts, almost all the time.
He focuses on ahead, searching for the riders and their parade. He spots Jefferson Hope, in his cap, meanly withered old face just one of many in the crowd. Sherlock begins to step towards Hope, who is making his way through the wailing of the singers and the thrumming beat of the drums and the fantastical costumes.
“Every day,” John answers, tying another knot into her mane. He takes the lead rope, pulling her up. “I try not to let them.”
“Yes.” That’s a particularly old issue, one of the first Sherlock wrote. His personal favorite was categorizing over 240 types of tobacco ash. How far back did Watson look into him? Did he see the tobacco one?
It hadn’t occurred to Sherlock that the other riders have families, people who care for them and hope everyday that they return from the beach unharmed. On the sand, it has always felt like the other men are nothing more than shadows that seek to wear him thin. They've been adversaries and only that. The idea that they all have stories, friends, family… It changes them all, in his mind. He thinks of John, and what he has learned that he did not know before. His expression remains closed.
The sweat on Sherlock’s body has begun to cool, and he reaches back to find frizzy curls in a knot at the back of his head when John disappears into the loo. Detangling them will be a chore tomorrow, but definitely for the morning and not presently. Sherlock’s level of coordination and common sense is teetering on the low side of efficient.
Sherlock quickly answers, “The dust lets me know what is there and who has been in my things. Namely, at what rate per day you snoop.”
They climb into the car, after Sherlock has opened the finicky driver’s side for John. Sometimes the handle does not click in enough to pop open, and then he enters the passenger's. It’s a very low car, Mrs Hudson’s husband used to own it as something muscly and showy for his cartel members. It’s funny how all Sherlock uses it for now is the shopping and in place of Redbeard on cold or dangerous nights.
John tears a strip and efficiently wraps his hand, threading it between his thumb and forefinger and tucking in the wayward edge. “I am sorry for it.”
A yellowed envelope, torn open at the top, and stamped with a red, wax seal over the fold. This, he carefully pulls from John’s pocket.
“I didn’t commit any, if that’s what you’re thinking.” Sherlock watches John’s prowl. Gears are whirring in John’s head (perhaps literally - no, no, he’s settled on his shrinking theory), and Sherlock tracks John’s steps, listening intently to the
Rubbing his fingers together, bits of sand and a glaze of sweat come away from Gladstone’s pelt. Considering touching Gladstone’s withers is pointless, they're too high up for him to reach, even standing on his toes.
"It’s fine, mostly, if I take them up by the caverns and the cove.” John glances out his window, totally dark, then back to the dash again, turning the wheel with a squeak as they round a gentle turn around another sheep farm wall. It seems as though he is hiding something in his eyes. “But, once, I have been there when it has gone badly.”
John said that he doesn’t trust Gladstone, but there’s no proof of that. Just then, Gladstone could’ve ripped open John’s chest cavity, bitten off his fingers, torn his skin away. Here is the conclusion - John trusts Gladstone. Here is the second one - Gladstone trusts John. It's important not to humanize the animals, for the danger they represent is all too real, but Sherlock finds himself helpless to doing so.
The massive weight hesitantly pulls back from Sherlock’s chest. John has Moriarty kneel a length away in the rain, hands raised. “If you stand up, I’ll kill you. Do you understand?”
Just a moment ago he had been alive. Just a handful of seconds is all it took for the entire scene of the beach to shift, for the white clouds to turn grey, and for the sea to change to choppy black, the water is reaching for the body.
am not leaving you behind. We’ll cross the finish together.” John says strictly. When Sherlock rolls his eyes, John sighs, lowering his volume. “We don’t have to play this game of his.”
“Have you changed your mind?” Moriarty asks. His greasy gaze slides to Sherlock, taking in his appearance. Sherlock purposefully presses his side more into John’s wet shoulder, refusing to be embarrassed about being caught in a sopping towel and jumper, on property that is not his own, nor his companion’s. He belatedly hopes that John has more dry clothes he could borrow.
The family members, those Sherlock can discern, look weepy and tired, tired of the racing and the wind.
There must be a dangerous glare in his eyes, because no one is pushing at him anymore. Sherlock learned long ago that if you look and hold yourself a certain way, the crowds, even drunk, will part for you. He keeps his eyes wide open, scanning the people. It's better to see than to be seen.
He could feel when cocaine was dirty, or when a morphine solution was dangerously diluted. The way it raced through his veins too quickly, or chafed just beneath the first layer of his skin.
The bubbled froth at the corners of Wayne Redding’s lips, a reaction to the nerve paralysis and heart failure.
But John only threads his fingers through Sherlock’s. He brings up his other hand, encasing Sherlock’s, and pulls it up to his mouth. Sherlock has to bite back a sob as John’s lips press lightly over the knuckle of his thumb.
Mrs Hudson goes on, as if him and John are two young boys who need to be corralled during playtime, “—as long as you’re not making a ruckus in the sitting room—”
Ah, right. John so just as clever as Sherlock is his own way. Sherlock says, “Since the start. Obviously.”
“What is that?” John asks. He leans out of Sherlock’s scarf, holding onto a fold of fabric for balance as though he’s a sailor rigging lines, coming into Sherlock’s periphery. Sherlock glances at him out of the corner of his eye. So close like this, he can see the expressions on John’s face with greater clarity - curiosity, bewilderment.
“You seem cheery, Sherlock! A good day of practicing? You didn’t go down to those beaches again, did you?”
Redbeard, the tall iron stallion, does not make a sound as he tosses flakes of hay into it. He merely rocks in place, his nostrils flaring evenly, his ears dropped weightlessly forward. Asleep, then, Sherlock thinks with a touch of fondness.
“You think that no one will listen to me.” Sherlock clenches his jaw. “You’re putting all your money on that.”
that John extracts from Sherlock, and Sherlock is betrayed by his body in every drop of his head and shudder of his arms, wrapped around John and drawing stinging scratches into his back.
He had been looking for evidence that he has had as much of a profound impact on John’s life as John had had on his. Peculiar.
It took him but a month to draw Sherlock into the center of his web. Much more time had been spent constructing the delicacies, but in the end it was the month of October that brought them both to this place.
If he had to leave Mrs Hudson's house, Redbeard would be the first thing he'd have to give up. And, besides. To wait and linger; it is not in his blood.
,” Sherlock answers automatically, then scowls. He shouldn’t play along and bother pretending to explain things to this spy of his brother’s.
John’s preparation was enough to keep the sensation of his cock sliding in from being painful, but it’s still strange, foreign and an unusual stretch, up until the point where John bottoms out. He grinds into Sherlock for good measure, then pulls back a few inches and thrusts in again.
This is one of the times (all of the time, he always thinks this) that Sherlock is immeasurably grateful that Redbeard is not one of the maneaters that rise from the sea each year.
Watson’s eyebrows climb. “How on earth did you know that?” He asks in astonishment. The water horse makes a slow clucking sound. It’s exactly like Sherlock heard in the fog, that day they found the sheep’s corpse, just slightly quieter. He wouldn’t say
Finally, Redbeard, huffing irritated and gasping breaths through his nostrils, which contract and flare erratically, steps onto the hump of cliff grass that rests over the cliff edge, and pulls the rest of his body up. Sherlock whispers nothings and scratches and rubs the red horse’s neck and shoulders in praise.
Like terns in the spring, they’ve returned to the cliffs. Sherlock isn’t sure of the direction of the late afternoon from here, whether he’s expected to leave John alone or continue with their rendezvous. Redbeard isn’t here, there’s no training for Sherlock to be done. He will be on the beach a few mornings from now.
What could he gain from sending Hope to the cliffs? To try and discourage him, again, from racing? Any way put, it’s clear Moriarty doesn’t want him to step foot on that beach come racing day. Or, it was. After their conversation today, the madman seems to have changed his mind, stating he wants Sherlock to watch John die.
The notion of little cameras, or figurine-sized men, wandering the flat and finding all sorts of material that their employer can use against Sherlock to gain favors, sits unwell.
The man’s dark blue eyes widen. Then he smiles, clandestine. Even in the low lighting, with the clouds rushing by overhead and the rain sprinkling down, Sherlock can see the crow’s feet at the corner of the man’s eyes, the wrinkles next to his nose, and Sherlock hates it all.
John kisses him goodbye against the Ford, backing him until Sherlock’s legs bump up against the driver’s side door. The cold metal shocks him, even with the barrier of a long coat that John pushes open to thumb at his hip. The buildings creating the alleyway around them have made their corner dim. Sherlock never pictured himself enjoying a snog outside the bins at the back of the pub.
Beryl had done the same thing, when she was attacked, pitifully dragging her mouth to taste the salt in the air like she never would again. The wind comes in again smelling of the birds in the barn and deep ocean brine. John needs to go to the sea. The cliffs tomorrow should ease his mind, bring some sense of clarity he cannot grasp here.
Sherlock never turns his back to Gladstone until they are started down the rocky slope from the cliff to the beaches. Neither does John. Unaware.
Sherlock holds out John before him, addressing him at eye-level. John brushes off his cloak, a habit that Sherlock reads off of him. Sherlock says, “We have five minutes before everyone else comes back in. You have five minutes to prove you are what you say you are.”
He keeps quiet. John meets his eyes for a moment, a lighter wash of blue tide, and they then slip away, focusing instead on the figure walking towards them both.
Sherlock’s clothes feel tight and rumpled around his body, as if they cling to him in revealing ways. Of course they don’t - no one on the island could tell what he has been up to. The brisk walk here from the Stockyard wasn’t short, but it wasn’t enough to exert him. What has
Moriarty’s sharp nails catch on the side of Sherlock’s face, and beyond him opens up the storm, rain sheeting down. “His name! You know his name! Who have you
Sherlock untacks and puts Redbeard away in the second of the two-stall barn. Josephine snorts, like always, but it's more forced this time - a ragged attempt at normality.
That’s all the rider had been, a boy. Barely old enough to race at seventeen, but foolhardy enough to try.
He takes care of his arms, winding gauze around the burning patches of skin. He flexes his fingers and frowns at the sting that he feels as the skin pulls taunt over his muscles.
"I began by stating that your brother was careless. When you observe the lower part of that watch face, you notice that it is not only dented in two places but it is cut and marked all over from the habit of keeping other hard objects, such as coins or keys, in the same pocket, when it was only a pocket watch. Surely it is no great feat to assume that a man who treats an expensive watch so cavalierly must be a careless man. Neither is it a very far-fetched inference that a man who inherits one article of such value is pretty well provided for in other respects.” Sherlock pops the last syllable.
When he’s sitting comfortably, it hits him just how tall these horses are. There's no hope of his feet ever touching the ground, not even if Gladstone were to lie down on his belly. Sherlock looks to John, who presses the palm of his hand against Gladstone’s blackened nose, so close to those teeth, the teeth that killed a man, such a short while ago.
It is early spring, so a scarf won’t be amiss in his outfit. Spring for London means more rain and wet pavement and soaked alleyways. Even in summer, the scarf is a familiar accessory he likes to tote around with. It’s come in handy a few times, once memorably when he turned a strangler into a victim of said strangling. Sherlock plucks the routine scarf from its hook by the door and ties it around his neck, patting it down with special attention.
Expecting to feel the same warmth that was present in the champion water horse when they rode together out on the cliffs, Sherlock is taken aback when a clammy coolness greets his fingertips. Gladstone’s hide is salty-wet, and his teeth begin to rattle. Sherlock’s hand flinches away.
Stop. Was that the sound of something walking in, of a door creeping open? No. It is only the fiddles playing loudly outside, beyond the walls of the notary’s office. Still, his ears strain for more noise. As much as it wouldn’t be the worst thing in the world to be caught here, he still wouldn’t like it very much. It would damper their case.
The water horse jerks forward, barely lifting a knee before it’s ten feet away. Redbeard is still as a statue, only his ears twitch at the increased distance.
“It's very interesting. A relative of the water horses could be revolutionary in their studies. Now. The fantasies. You don't think they're just legends.
“Ha, hey, ouch, here,” John says, tipping his head up. Sherlock’s hands slide to John’s shoulders, where his grip softens and the edge of his fingers brush John’s scar delicately. John’s blissful strokes pull from base to tip, and Sherlock strains, hips unable to buck up with John atop him, pinned in place.
Gladstone throws his head back, suddenly, and John pulls him back down with a practiced expertise. This has done great work to illustrate the point to Henry Knight, the point that John does not have the time or patience for Henry Knight’s mainland questions right now. The water horse bares his flat yellow teeth. He has come alive in the darkness.
stands in the middle of the road somewhere down it, will the lights scare them away? What do they do if they’re confronted with cars?
As they round the stable entrance, Musgrave appears. Her stump of a bedraggled, half-eaten tail holds out stiffly behind her.
The wind carries the foreboding scent of heavy thunder, making the horses all restless. Not a sound is heard. Not until the first few drops of water drip from the dark, dampened clouds above. Sherlock half-turns his face, checking to see if there's room for Redbeard to move, in case the other men make a move and the red horse is alarmed and moves suddenly backwards. There's a few scant inches between Redbeard and the edges. Sherlock pulls the reins, and Redbeard, nearly petrified, forcibly leans away from the cliff.
Bicycles cover every wall Sherlock can see, the car's windshields on the side of the road gleam under the streetlights, and there are many people out. There would be: tonight’s the first night the blackboard will be out in the tavern, hanging above the bar like a sword above a throat, tonight's the first night people will sign up for the Races.
He ignores it, and presses on. The wind is throwing damp sand at his face, his cheeks feel raw. There’s still a slow burn in his mouth and a pinch in his finger, remnants of the rider’s parade. There's also a twinge, niggling scramble of thoughts about what he just witnessed, the interaction between Watson and the mare goddess... He needs to return to his studies, Thisby has more secrets to give up to him.
The wind picks up again, hunching against Sherlock’s figure and throwing the paper lanterns strung above for a spin. It even makes the streetlamp creak, how strong it is. Sherlock can feel the gritty air in his bones.
He tries to keep his expression as serene as a tidepool on one of Thisby's clear days, but it doesn't work, just twists up his face. The little kick and Watson's giggles has warmed him up to the other man.
He’s seen it a hundred times over in the broken bodies of those young and in love, or bitter and jealous, or old and foolish, or those who simply happened to get in between the wrong two people. Sherlock drums his fingers against the mattress gently to not rouse John, appreciating his tan and the blond of his lashes flitted against his cheeks. Sherlock would hate to see the shape of someone who stepped between him and John.
Redbeard pulls into a stop. Sherlock looks down at it. He removes a small torch from the saddlebag behind him. Redbeard shifts uneasily as he flicks it on, the light failing to pierce far in the thickening mist. There is a patch of matted dark wool, and half a head a few feet away, crushed. Lethargic insects buzz around where the bottom of the jaw would've been.
“I know it’s me he wants, John, that’s what this has all been about. He’s deluded himself into the belief that we could be good together, as if we’re on the same level of intelligence.”
twice,” Sherlock says, the embarrassment having faded from his voice. Now, perhaps, he can blame his color on the wind and the chill.
The touch jostles him, distracts from the repeated, gasping thrill of John’s thrusts, sizzling excite down his spine, through his ribs, up into his mind. Red-hot needles thrum over his skin. Another stroke, and he is completely gone, moaning, rolling his hips down to meet John’s cock. His tightens, and he buries his face into the side of John’s hair, coming with a shout.
with an alarmed rider poses before him, mouth wide open, a string of bells wound around both of its forelegs. In another place, a horse is snaking its head low to the beach at another felled rider, and yet another is escaping into the ocean, saltwater spraying around it.
Sherlock's arse is pushed into the cradle of John's hips. The pillows over the sofa crush his curls against the side of his head, and against his back he can feel a rhythm of warm air blowing over his shirt.
There are many things that Sherlock can take a decisive answer on. Formulas, the laws of nature, time, and space. This is not one of those things. John Watson, renowned champion of the infamous Scorpio Races, said without thought that someone would lose to Sherlock. He only disagreed with his former statement after thought and hesitation. This revelation makes Sherlock’s heart sing and flutter in his chest, a leaf shaken by the devastating gales. He tries desperately to drown it.
Here, John stands confused. It must be written over his face, because Moriarty’s cat-smile returns, and then grows ever wider.
As relieved about how easy this ride will be as he is, he can’t help feeling like every horse in the Yard is acting out of character today. Some are showing off and striding high, as if they know they’re on display. Others are slow and wander for grass rather than attention.
His gaze flits around the room, taking in the small details, craving memorization. Notebooks, one blue, the kettle on the stove, the chest of clothes at the door,
John remains paralyzed for a heartbeat. He tucks his chin and does up the rest of his buttons. Sherlock fiddles nervously with his short sleeve, worrying at the seam. “It isn’t the Races then?”
They’ve both gone soft, and the duvet is damp under Sherlock’s seat. Sherlock pushes himself up, shuddering when the change in position makes something leak out of him. He winces, something twinging inside of him.
A water horse on the beach snaps at the adjacent rider, flicking back hot ears and ocean brine. For a split second, as Sherlock looks up to the cliffsides, watching people’s hats blow off in the strong wind,  he can see himself, very small and frizzy-haired, high up on the edges among the yellow of raincoats and the mud-green of traditional Thisby scarves and coats. He shakes his head. No. These are not those Races. Mycroft and his own younger self disappear.
“The body of the man was found out back of Hawkin’s Tavern, but there was another body in the same place, a girl, found several days prior. I concluded the woman was methodically stabbed by the butcher’s son in their shop, bled out like the corpse of an animal, and then she was brought to the back of the tavern,” Sherlock says, rattling off quickly. “The butcher’s son had no comments on what he’d done.”
“Michaela Shadwell, she was fifty-four.” Lestrade hands a paper file to Donovan, who loiters in latex gloves by one of the bright lights and glares at Sherlock when he walks in. “Found by her neighbor a few hours ago. We know she’s been dead for a day, going by when she’d last been seen and rigor mortis.”
“Usually.” Sherlock quips. John stretches, brush a hand across his own cheek, scratching at his stubble. John normally doesn’t let it grow this long, Sherlock can tell. “
Lestrade, bewildered, flicks his eyes between Sherlock and the castle. Sherlock darkens, willing Lestrade to make some kind of joke about an adult
John chuckles. Sherlock wants to press his face into John's neck and listen to that sound again, feel the words vibrate. He can't, like this. And he won't. Just because…
John nudges his ankle between Sherlock’s, turning them and knocking the back of Sherlock’s legs up against the edge of the mattress. Reeling, Sherlock sits, angling away from John’s mouth and cold now that John’s warmth has left him. His mind has gone fuzzy around the borders, goes blanker still when John sways down and kisses him with new urgency.
received an identical envelope. By all accounts, the letter should’ve been processed into evidence when Redding’s body was taken in. But Lestrade said that he didn’t remember it being there. He said he would have opened it.”
It was another casual show of power and manipulation - a display to broadcast how easily Moriarty can infiltrate the bakery.
John settles his hands on his hips, peering out from the porch. “Empty ones. I think. You’re not allergic?”
Sherlock feels the packet with the pads of his fingers. There are no hard bits all around the bottom, but the flatness of a slice of parchment, instead. “It must be a letter. We’ve already received the seeds, he knows we’ve gotten the point of them.”
On the corner, the flower shop’s bouquets are not for decoration or for gifting to a sweetheart. They are to ward a home from the
Henry nods, seeming to parse all this. Has this talent been what Henry has been thinking of since meeting Sherlock?
He doesn’t stare at Sherlock for long, appearing to gauge whether or not Sherlock is going to take the thing and run with it. Sherlock can't exactly go anywhere on an island pony (horse!) with a well-trained, five time Scorpio Races champion
Him and Redbeard. The latter of which is shaking somewhere, alone in some stall in some stable. Sherlock can’t remember which. He grows angry, which in turn only saddens him. His shoulders slump. What if he made a mistake? What if Mrs Hudson isn’t alright after all?
Like he’s made a decision, John nods. There's a determined line between his brow when he fixes Sherlock with a look of approval. His jaw does something complicated, a muscle jumping at the curve. “I’ll go on with you.”
Even for Sherlock’s long legs, the mount is difficult, and Gladstone does not make it easy. He twists like a snake, hissing to John, his ears flaying back at the unexpected weight upon his back. Sherlock sits up, hair worse for wear, and pushes it back over his forehead, trying to keep a semblance of indifference. The swept curls flop lifelessly back down.
“Jefferson was never really good enough for that black horse. I knew it from the start, it’s why I sent him there in the first place,” Moriarty says. He pulls open a long drawer close to John, who stands solid. “I was always watching. I like it,” he looks John in the eye, now leaning back to sit on his desk by John, “I
Janine does not adore it, because the young girl’s body was found out back in the alley of Hawkins’ tavern, near the bins. Bloodied, a rip at the side of the throat. She lays face down on the disgusting brickwork of the alleyway. She’s a tourist - obviously. Bright yellow sundress, stained dark red. Sherlock grimaces at her wardrobe choices. Really, on windy Thisby, with all the gamblers and lechers, and she was going around in that?
Purposefully, Moriarty moves, edging his chair nearer to the desk. He waves his fingers in a disinterested manner, a dismissal at him, gesturing to close the door. The door closes behind Sherlock with a click; a wall formed between John and him.
“You’re the one who should be concerned with all of this rubbish,” Mrs Hudson announces after a lengthy pause, then turns to smash some plate in the sink and turn on the tap. Her arms work furiously as she washes something with frustrated resolve. “You’re the one who’s-- who’s racing.”
Tourists with fat wallets in their pockets (careful with those, visitors, there are less noble ways that the residents of Thisby can obtain money) walk around, laughing with wives or husbands or children. Men in prim waistcoats ignore the smaller shops for minuscule iron parts, or those that sell charms to tie into a water horse’s mane.
“I'm afraid I said too much while we waited for the ambulance. Do you remember that you—” the voice breaks off. John recalls nothing.
Sherlock blinks again. John’s much more clever than Sherlock ever gives him credit for. Sherlock himself hadn’t even considered how he was getting back to the Ford in Skarmouth when Gladstone brought them to Moriarty’s summons. What was he thinking? Walk across the whole island, alone, in the dark, in
Sherlock doesn't take Redbeard out to the the spot outside of Skarmouth today, with the tract of beach will be used for the Races. It’s not at all because of Anderson’s sea wish, or the threat of meeting any of the tourists or riders on that side of the island. It’s more logical to train where no one will interrupt them. He pulls Redbeard northwards, past Skarmouth and towards the mill and the Stockyard. The winds mainly come from the south, so it will be an easy practice, if unrealistic of how the Races will be.
It’s funny. Sherlock never heard the doors open. The windows are locked. Street ones are too out in the open - the one in the kitchen is closed behind him.
“Jesus,” John groans. His voice sounds like it’s been dragged over gravel and rocks, rough and low and frustrated. “Okay - okay, shoes,” he says, almost frantic. He withdraws his arms out from under Sherlock, who sags back down into the mattress.
Sherlock takes the lead, swerving past a group of young women in bright costumes, and vaulting over a wall of bikes leaned up against a low barrier. A car horn sounds, “Sorry!” He hears John exclaim after it.
Two ales in tall, foaming glasses, dripping with condensation are placed at the surface of the wooden bar beside him. “Oh,” He looks up, surprised. “John,” he marvels.
A moment later, after glancing at him in surprise through the window, Mrs Hudson opens the door, a washing apron over her blouse and grey pants, and a rag in her hand.
This could be a fun escapade for John, a last kick of adrenaline and endorphins before the Races trample everything. John’s body falls over Sherlock’s, and the notion flies out of his head.
trying to take him, and Sherlock’s mind briefly contemplates the idea of jumping off the island atop this horse, returning them all to the sea where they belong. With John pressed so bodily into him, Sherlock’s head quickly returns to itself. Sherlock presses back, a small amount, and is rewarded with more of John’s weight crushing forwards, grounding him, even as Gladstone flies and the wind tears.
They pull up near the mounting block and Henry expertly dismounts. He really must be a rider, or at least watched enough racing to know how to get off a
“Which reminds me, hey, where is that man? I haven’t seen him since the bay’s auction early this morning. I want this unicorn.”
“Bossy,” John smiles, but listens anyways. His face is less weathered than Sherlock has ever seen it, younger. Together, they are guarded from every obstacle outside, oblivious and quiet. The schemes of gamblers and Moriarty and the other racers are trivial when Sherlock is dripping in satisfaction. It’s like his mind has been soothed, instead of his body. Drained of apprehension, drenched in chemicals.
“No,” Sherlock interrupts, moving forwards as John’s hand presses him into the doorway. “It’s. Fine. It’s fine. I wouldn’t…” He leads himself to a stop, voice dropping into something that is steadily quiet. He wouldn’t want to go back to Mrs Hudson’s. He knows she’s safe. He knew there was a devil in the fog and that it was coming after him.
having a conversation--” Watson’s heels dig into Gladstone’s sides, and the massive horse crow hops as if he’s been burned, but it seems to be all in good fun, “--Weren’t we?” Watson tries, fending off endearing giggles as he looks back up to Sherlock.
Gladstone, the massive beast, remains in the circle John has drawn for him, out of reach, but watching them. John has taken part of a piece of olive cloth and fashioned it around Gladstone’s big nostrils, so the
Sherlock is being lectured about politeness from a drone of Mycroft’s? A drone of Mycroft’s with blood and sass?
If he went through it, what could he hope to accomplish? Cheat off of John’s notes, find the strategies John has that are incomplete or barely half of an idea? Or even John’s thoughts on what had happened to Beryl, on who could’ve cut her. That should be the only thing that interests Sherlock. What is he hoping to find?
He was ready to walk away from a murder scene, just to get to John on the cliffs. Granted, it was a very boring murder, more boring than the last one, three years ago, and easily solved, but he was still ready to walk away from it. Horrendous, that his life has come to this, Sherlock thinks, as he catalogs the texture of the
Sherlock waits a moment, letting the biting wind blow over them both. He answers, “I’m here to bring you in.”
So he isn't sure why he climbs out of the car, slams the door, and is briskly making his way through town towards the pull of the water. His hands in his coat pockets, shoulders hunched up against the bite of the wind that tosses his curls.
Hope smears the trickle of blood across his face with the back of his hand, towards his hairline and the edge of his cap. His eyes glare daggers up at Watson, who stands as firm and unbent as ever.
He gives a sudden, harsh tug, and Sherlock groans, scraping against Moriarty’s wrists with his nails, rain slipping into his mouth between the faults of his teeth. Tangy-copper blood slips between Sherlock’s lips. He imagines, quickly, that this might be how he dies.
