By the time the rescuers arrived, John was barely holding on by a thread. Sherlock had againd huddled up next to him, trying to give him any warmth he had. He had kept him talking as long as possible, reminiscing over old cases, trying to make him laugh, anything to keep him awake. But John had eventually lost consciousness and Sherlock had been unable to wake him again. So he had held him close, monitoring his breathing and pulse and silently threatening the rescue team if they didn’t arrive soon.
Acting on instinct and adrenaline, he threw his injured arm up and pushed himself away from whatever had intruded upon him without his notice. He caught himself inches from falling off the bed, adrenaline and army training keeping him conscious as his vision blurred, his left shoulder ached dully, and his head pounded.
“I can’t believe I didn’t realize it sooner,” he said. “But I think he was disguising his voice. It all makes sense though. How he knew about…”
“Your decision?” Moriarty asked.
John's eyebrows furrowed. "Isn't that normal for this city?" he asked. "It being the King's city and all."
“Finally,” Moriarty stood by the fireplace.
"Yes, she is," John acceded, "but it isn't unheard of."
John smiled. Well, that hadn't changed then.
“Of course,” the voice said gleefully. “I’ll give you two a moment. Just don’t think about moving. Because if you do, I will find you and kill you both. Slowly.”
“Very interesting,” Sherlock murmured.
“Sherlock,” John’s tone was a warning, which Sherlock promptly ignored.
"How can I help you, ma'am?" he asked, trying to be polite as she pushed her way past him and into the room.
"I tried everything," Sherlock sighed. "Reasoning with him. Getting the doctor to speak with him on my behalf. Presenting him with data. I even tried interceding to halt the surgery and provide more time for persuasion. Nothing worked."
"We have the means of death," Sherlock said, pacing up and down the small room. "Now we just need the murderer."
Sherlock calculated. John needed a break. Truth would give that to him. But they were only on round three. And he wanted John to use the truths. John was breathing evenly, if shallowly and, although he was still pale, he was awake. Fine.
"Who did you make a deal with?" Sherlock asked the woman.
“My father caught me kissing a boy,” John continued. “He… Well, he beat the shit out of me. I thought he was going to kill me. Then Harry came home and threw a fit. I though she was going to kill him. She came out then and there. She was almost 18 at the time and my father was furious. He kicked her out. She tried to take me, but he wouldn’t hear of it. But she had stopped the beating.”
Dr. Azarian turned to face the two men to his right, gesturing with an arm.
"It's from Sherlock," John murmured, not paying her much attention.
“Very good,” Moriarty praises.
"That seems rather dangerous," John said, raising an eyebrow at Sherlock.
There had been significant muscle and tissue damage to his outer calf, though the doctor noted that he was hopeful the muscles would still be functional if the nerve damage were repaired. He thought back to his anatomy courses. Nerves were strange creatures. Delicate and yet resilient. They could be so easily damaged and could be gone beyond repair. But they could just as easily survive extreme trauma and grow back good as new. Nerve damage was incredibly difficult to predict.
“We got him,” Sherlock told John.
“Yes, brother,” Mycroft said patiently. “No one man alone could avoid our attentions for long. Colonel Moran has help.”
Sherlock stepped closer so that they were only a hand's breath away.
"So," John stared at the hair, "he was drugged?"
Sherlock nearly growled.
The battery of tests he had been forced to undergo had not improved his mood. After each John grew more impatient and more distant. It hadn't taken long for him to insist that Sherlock leave.
Sherlock growled in frustration, turning toward the voice again.
“A moment,” Sherlock pleaded, tears sliding down his cheeks. “A moment to say goodbye.”
“Sorry for what?” John asked, clearly confused.
"Er... yeah. Good luck mate," Mike said, still staring at John as though he had lost his mind. "Take care of yourself, yeah."
John frowned. How could he have done? He had only just realized and Sherlock hadn't moved since, so when had he told the doctor?
"Get ready,” Sherlock entered the flat to find John sitting morosely in his chair, as usual. “We’re going out.”
"In other words," John interrupted, "if we don't do this now, I don't have any chance at all."
“You’re not,” Sherlock accused. “What’s wrong?”
John looked beside the door to find a small wheel with four colors on it and an arrow pointing at the green side.
"Where are you going?" Mrs. Hudson asked, sounding worried.
Sherlock sighed, thinking about just dropping the subject, but John was staring at him intently now.
"He has that effect on people," John said.
John sighed.
John gave Sherlock a small smile.
He couldn’t follow that thought to its end. Couldn’t allow himself to think…
The man smiled at him, ignoring John completely. John began to feel a bit uncomfortable.
After a long moment of struggling and trying not to show it, he heard a rustle by his side and then felt a hand on his right arm.
“What did you expect, dear brother?” Mycroft crooned. “You did choose quite the
"Oh, I have a feeling," Mrs. Hudson seemed to dance in the grate. "I've learned to trust my instincts."
"No," Sherlock said, brushing himself off briskly, "but I think you'll find that I am now listed as John's next-of-kin, if you'll check you're sources again."
"Yes, of course," he shot back, "I just said I tried reasoning with him. I told him that the risks outweighed the..."
Sherlock wished he hadn’t said that. He didn’t trust himself and here John was, all his faith resting in him.
"Oh," Mrs. Hudson laughed. "I suppose you must know him as Wizard Holmes. Dreadful name, if you ask me. Well then, are you the wizard's date?"
John tensed, feeling as though he were being tested and certainly about to fail. He looked closely at the floor inside the circle of chalk, but could see nothing out of the ordinary.
Moriarty looked genuinely surprised.
"Oh, your stuck," John said, glancing behind the creature to find end of the rope tangled in another bush.
immediately.
“What do you want from me?” Lestrade asked. “It isn’t like I’m an expert on PTSD.”
“Answer it,” the voice growled.
John laughed.
John's head fell back on the pillow with a sigh of relief and his eyes fell shut. His leg was still there!
“Sherlock,” John said tiredly. “It isn’t your fault. It’s going to be okay.”
“Dare,” he heard John say as loudly as his collapsed lung would allow.
John peaked out from behind the wood and saw a tall, thin, red haired woman holding an apparently unconscious or dead man by his armpits. She turned so suddenly that John flinched. Dropping the man with a thud, she moved toward Sherlock, who simply stood still, waiting.
Sherlock stopped, turning on his heel to face Lestrade. He had forgotten that Lestrade, for all his annoying interference, was actually helpful and… friendly? Was that the word? A friend? Couldn’t be. And yet…
“Say truth,” Sherlock murmured to him.
“So that’s why you knocked over the table,” John exclaimed.
Sherlock glanced back at John. Maybe this would be easy. He would simply choose truth. He had nothing to hide and if he avoided choosing dare, he couldn’t be made to do anything reckless.
There was a brief pause and then Sherlock heard his brother sigh.
“Oh good,” the voice said. “I’ve another really good one for you.”
“Ready?” John asked.
Sherlock winced. Whatever this man’s idea of a big finale was wouldn’t be pleasant. But they would have to cross that bridge when they got there. For now…
(See the end of the chapter for
He held the mirror up to the woman, who hissed. John looked and saw a grotesque creature with green, slimy skin cut through with gills and scales. He grimaced, feeling slightly ill again.
Sherlock’s heart skipped a beat.
"I don't mean you any harm," Sherlock said softly.
“You won’t be seeing him again,” Sherlock said flatly.
“Exactly,” Sherlock said.
"Oh, don't worry," John said over his shoulder. "Sherlock left the spell, so it will be fine."
Sherlock helped John breathe for a few breaths until his breathing had normalized.
“Yeah,” she said, “a distraction, you know. Get me out of the house. Spend some quality time together. A date.”
“Sherlock, your turn,” the voice said flatly. “Truth or Dare?”
“Good!” Sherlock cupped John’s face in his hand.
John is moaning in pain. Sherlock quickly ran through the possible consequences of such a shot. There is a very large bundle of nerves in the pelvis, which regulate everything from reproductive organs to eliminatory functions to walking and lower body movement. A shot there would be incredibly painful and potentially permanently debilitating, if not fatal. If John survived, it would be a very long and painful rehabilitation process. There was a chance he would not have control over his eliminatory functions or reproductive organs. Clearly that had been Sebastian’s intention. If he couldn’t have him, nobody would.
"Why do you have files of crimes?" John asked.
John smiled at her. "Well, I supposed it started when I met Wizard Holmes."
John continued to laugh as he made his way to his feet. Sherlock, a little confused by this reaction, simply helped John up, grabbing his coat and turning up the collar.
“I can do that with one injury,” Sherlock pleaded.
Sherlock took a deep breath, tamping down his anger and returning to John’s side.
“Then what happened?” John asked. “Why redheads?”
He thought about leaving, but found the familiarity of the morgue strangely comforting and instead sat heavily in a chair and rested his head in his hands.
“When exactly are you going to tell me where we’re going?” John grumbled.
“Oh, that was fun,” the voice gloated. “Shall I do it again? See how many shots I can fit in one shoulder?”
And yet... and yet John was different. John was the complication in his carefully constructed system. But, complication though he was, he somehow made everything better.
"Dearest John,
“This is going to hurt,” Sherlock said, pulling off his scarf and knotting it up in his hand.
John was listening intently, an odd look on his face now.
"You looked like you wanted out of there," he said simply.
"John, stop!" Sherlock's voice was rising now and John winced as though waiting for a blow.
“We’re waiting, Sherlock,” the voice was less amused now. “You have ten seconds before I shoot Dr. Watson in the head. 10, 9, 8…”
He felt his consciousness slipping from him -- his lungs no longer hurt and he was beginning to feel peaceful -- when he felt something soft against his mouth, prying it open. Then, suddenly, he felt air rush into his lungs.
Sherlock's head flew up, but the doctor had gone and the door was already swinging shut. He stared at it for what seemed like hours.
“John, wake up,” Sherlock leaned close to John’s ear.
“Good job John,” Moriarty said. “Your first number is eleven. Be sure to jot it down. I won’t be telling you again.”
“I’ve hidden the supplies somewhere in room number two,” Moriarty continued.
“Ready?” he asked as John took a deep breath.
Ever since they had fought over the surgery, they had spoken little. John had signed the consent forms as soon as a nurse returned with them a few hours later and then refused point blank to discuss it further with Sherlock.
"More powerful and complex spells, however," Sherlock continued, picking up the papers and shuffling until he found a particular one, "contain several elements, including mixtures of ingredients, gestures, sigils, and chants."
"A bird," the man said, maneuvering slightly so that he blocked John's gaze. "It was important for a case once, though I never figured out why the bird is incapable of flight at any other hour."
“Easy one then,” the voice said after a moment, “since you were so impressive just now. Take that wrapping off your shoulder and leave it off.”
"Who is trying to curse you?" John asked.
"I..." John's breath caught as Sherlock leaned in even closer. "Er... yes."
“221B Baker Street,” Sherlock said.
“But he’s alive,” Sherlock confirmed.
Sherlock sighed. At least he had confidence John could sort out the antidotes from the poison. He was a doctor, after all. Even if he didn’t have much experience with nerve gas antidotes, he would be able to differentiate them. Sherlock was certain.
John shook his head slightly. Sherlock knew he was lying, but at least he was awake enough to lie.
“It’s okay Sherlock,” John said, trying to push himself up on his arm.
Molly looked suspicious. Sherlock was able to deduce anything from the tiniest details, but he had no idea what was causing John’s PTSD episode? Sherlock tried to look innocent.
His head was pounding.  His left shoulder ached pitifully. His chest screamed in protest with every breath. His entire body felt bruised, as though he had taken a tumble in a cement mixer.
But he could do
"Of course it was," John turned back to his breakfast, which was beginning to burn. "Extraordinary. It was quite extraordinary."
A young man had come to the door and was standing, waiting politely for Dimmock's attention. John tilted his head at him.
"No," Sherlock growled, trying very hard to restrain himself from launching across the table at the smug doctor.
John’s scream, raspy and breathy though it was, reverberated through the tunnels.
"I'm going to catch a falling star," John replied, lugging the boots to the door and turning the nob to Chipping Valley.
“Yes,” Sherlock said simply.
“Do you have anything helpful to say?” Sherlock was about to hang up on his brother.
John’s hands had also stopped moving suddenly. Sherlock pulled away. He was ashamed. So ashamed. He had let himself get carried away. John must have just been trying to avoid being shot again, but Sherlock… he had allowed himself the fantasy of John wanting him. He had escaped this grave for a moment in John’s embrace. And he hated himself for it.
Sherlock took several long deep breaths and tried to remain calm. He gripped the fabric of his trousers until his knuckles turned white, concentrating on breathing in and out, in and out.
"I already said no," Dimmock rolled his eyes.
"How do you know," John asked, peering around him to see another chamber like the many they had passed before.
“Details, Dr. Watson,” the voice said.
Then he felt a sudden, sharp, burning pain in his shoulder. He looked down in surprise, seeing blood beginning to soak through his shirt.
Never offer your heart
“Odd crimes?” John asked, glancing at Sherlock.
And Sherlock put his hands around John’s neck.
“Shoot John,” he said, barely above a whisper.
There were several emotions competing for attention in John's muddled brain. But at that moment, his distress over Sherlock's reaction to the decision he had been forced to make was winning by far.
“I just…” Sherlock continued, becoming more and more exasperated, “It’s just… I don’t exactly have many friends. You… you’re my only friend.”
He sighed and looked up at her, his expression halting her questions mid sentence.
"Sherlock," John was getting quite annoyed now, "you are being childish."
John opened his eyes and glanced over his shoulder. Sherlock was indeed hovering, staring at him with that intensity that always made him feel a bit weak. Behind him, the stairs loomed, large and seemingly endless. He felt a bit weaker.
Sherlock’s heart dropped. Of course it wouldn’t be that simple. John would
“Sherlock, I don’t want…” John began.
John stared wide-eyed at Sherlock, who was shouting at him from Baker Street. He was standing in the doorway of 221 Baker Street!
He had picked up a stack of clean paper and was beginning to make notes--such as falling star equals meteor? Does Mrs. Hudson know who cleft the devil's foot, being a demon and all?--when a knock at the door interrupted him.
"Molly," he murmured, "er... sorry. I... Just habit."
John is silent again for a long moment. Sherlock begins to worry John has lost consciousness, but then he stirs again.
“Alright
“Very interesting,” the voice cut in. “Now, please do tell us how you feel about John.”
“All you have to do,” Moriarty continued, “is let Sebastian have five minutes with John to do whatever he pleases. As a parting gift.”
“Dare,” he hissed.
"Your murderer is not a vampire," Sherlock said.
"What kind of trap?" John asked.
And at that very moment there was a strangled cry from another room.
"Well, that could have gone better," he said. "What now?"
John's head was beginning to hurt again.
He stood and scanned the room carefully. His eyes landed on piles of material clearly used in the recent construction project. Stone… useless. Metal bars… too long, not wide enough. Wood planks… maybe.
Short chapter. All the rest will be pretty long though.
"So, who are we going to talk to then?" John asked.
John, wondering what good he could do, moved over and looked where Sherlock was pointing. He saw tiny puncture marks, almost hidden at the edge of the man's hair.
He sat there for a long few minutes, trying to control his breathing and shaking.
"I have every faith in you, John."
“Someone like you would never understand someone like John Watson,” Sherlock says bitterly. “Toys. That’s all you’ve got. Toys. Things to play with. You wouldn’t understand a human relationship if your life depended on it.”
Sherlock leaned forward, gently touching John’s shoulder, careful not to touch his leg.
John raised an eyebrow, wondering how in the world they would catch the murderer if she were a vampire.
“Just go ahead and tell him whatever he needs to know,” Lestrade said.
Sebastian put his hand on John’s lower stomach, just above when his jeans sat and began rubbing small circles, smiling up at the camera. John jerked, but the chains were too tight to allow him any real movement.
But John was looking away, staring at the ground.
“What are the rules?” Sherlock asked, still standing between John and the voice.
“Don’t milk it,” Sherlock warned.
"Where are we going?" he asked as they bounced along the road.
"Oh god yes," John was pushing himself to his feet before he had finished talking and following Sherlock out the door into the strange new city.
“It was a long time ago,” Sherlock said softly.
Why that name? John had said something about a superhero villain, but that didn’t seem to fit. Was it a nickname? Did I resemble his actual name?
“Are you ready?” Sherlock’s breath tickled John’s neck, sending a chill down his spine.
Sherlock stared hard at the laptop screen, trying to determine how badly John was hurt, but it was difficult to tell with all the blood. He can tell he is breathing though, so that’s good.
Dr. Azarian gave them both a polite smile and left the room, leaving behind a heavy silence and two men, staring at one another.
"Dr. Watson, you should know that there are risks for some very serious complications"
Molly stared at Sherlock.
Sherlock allowed himself to be led into the ambulance. He found he was shaking. The kind paramedic, followed by several other, entered behind him and closed the door. They were moving in moments. Sherlock allowed himself to be examined, too distracted to care.
Or to keep off envy's stinging
When the star hit the ground, it flickered for just a moment, looking relieved. Then it went out completely and faded into the ground. John felt his heart clench for a moment, but he felt relieved as well. The star had looked so scared.
"What does that mean?" John asked.
"What does that mean?" John asked.
“Where is the rest of the paper?” Sherlock asked.
"You invaded Zanzib," the stranger replied.
When they arrived, the tunnel was flooded with light and noise. Paramedics quickly swarmed John’s limp body, checking vitals, applying a neck brace, and putting him on a field stretcher. Another set of paramedics swarmed Sherlock, but he batted them away angrily, trying to keep his eyes trained on John.
"How do you know," John asked, tilting his head to the side.
“Very good,” Scarecrow said. “Now, let’s begin.”
“And the third syringe?” Sherlock dreaded the answer.
"Oh, of course," Sherlock shot a grin at John, who grinned back at him.
“John,” Sherlock said softly, “I’m sorry. I have to retrieve the bullet now. Just try to stay with me.”
Sherlock immediately jumped into action. He laid John on his back, moving so that he was leaning over John’s (disturbingly still) body.
John took a deep breath, gazed over at Sherlock, and, amazingly, took a step. It was clumsy (more of a controlled fall), but he had moved forward. He didn’t even look pleased with himself. Just grimly determined. He slid his broken leg forward and took another painful step.
"He has some degree of hearing loss and has likely suffered a spinal cord injury," Sherlock said into his hands, "resulting in paralysis of his injured leg."
“John!” Sherlock turned to move to his head, but John finally opened his eyes, tears running down his face.
John reacted immediately, without thought. He cried, "get down," and pushed Sherlock to the ground. Then, in the next instant, he was on top of Jacol, putting pressure on his chest and checking for a pulse. Jacol took a ragged breath, then stopped breathing entirely. John though he could hear shouting, but it was distant, as though hearing through a wall.
They were escorted to a small room, into which a tired looking doctor entered minutes later, looking at a chart.
He stared at the equipment for a long moment, willing it to make noise, but the room remained silent.
“No time, Sherlock,” the voice sang.
“Okay, I give up,” John said. “What did you find?”
“Where?” John seemed a little disappointed.
All of the sudden, the ship lurched to one side, causing both John and Sherlock to stumble and fall.
“Another little game,” Sherlock said bitterly.
“No,” Sherlock tried to look innocent, but it is clear from John’s expression that he has missed the mark. “Lestrade and Mycroft wouldn’t let me,” he admitted.
“John?” Sherlock asked urgently.
“You okay mate?” he asks finally.
Sherlock averted his gaze.
Dr. Azarain shifted again and John looked up.
John was still shaking, still blue, and still cold.
“Mr. Holmes,” he asked.
“No,” John said patiently, “it was the right choice. I don’t think I would have survived that. At least the gunshot is just physical. What he was going to do to me… Sherlock, it was the right decision.”
Sherlock, Dr. Azarian, and two other doctors sat around a bare table in one of the hospital's small conference rooms. They sat in tense silence for several long minutes, Dr. Azarian refusing to divulge any information until a nurse returned with confirmation that Sherlock was indeed listed as John's next-of-kin.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “No… I mean, sort of.”
Sherlock was sitting in one of the uncomfortable plastic chairs near the center of the room, his legs folded up and his hands pressed together in front of his face. He was thinking.
"How do you know?" John asked. "It may not have been you, but another vampire could have hidden here if you could."
“Here we go,” he cupped his hands gently behind John’s head and raised it slowly so that it was resting on his lap.
John hesitated.
Sherlock ignored Mycroft’s question. He already knew anyway. There was no way he wasn’t keeping an eye on the situation.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. He highly doubted that.
"Harry!" John's breath caught in his chest as his sister approached him.
“Dare,” Sherlock said, just above a whisper.
John stared. "So, you're a wizard who solves crimes? A wizard detective?"
“What?” John was clearly surprised.
His shoulder felt the way it had when he had first returned home from the war, the wound still healing and the limb largely useless. He thought of the months of exercises he had be forced to do, equally tedious and painful, just to work the shoulder back into a usable shape, all while his father lay dying in his bed and John had been useless to help. He tried to move the shoulder to lift himself off the ground and found it too painful to move more than few centimeters. He felt like putting his other fist through a table. The only thing that prevented this action was the realization that he needed at least one good arm.
"I..." John stammered. "Well, no. I... Er..."
, Sherlock though.
"Do you remember where you are?" Sherlock asked, and this time John heard the words that accompanied the movement of Sherlock's mouth, though he spoke very softly.
“Somebody shot my tent,” John said, indicating a small hole in the side of his tent. “I think we must have stumbled across your killer.”
“Like hell I won’t,” John had apparently been listening to Sherlock’s conversation. “I’m not letting you go up against this psychopath alone.”
“Compound?” he asked, already knowing the answer.
Sherlock was opening his mouth to respond when the door to the waiting room opened and Dr. Azarian entered. Sherlock was on his feet before Molly had time to register that someone had entered the room.
"Oh, he went out," the fire replied. "He said something about giving Lestrade his report. Seemed annoyed, but you know how he is."
"Because the murderer will be there tonight," Sherlock replied.
“I’m in shock,” John started. “Likely neurogenic from pain and probably hypovolemic from blood loss. If shock isn’t treated promptly, it can lead to death. We are out in the middle of nowhere. Nobody knows we’re here, much less that we’re in trouble. By the time you get out of the graves and get somebody out here… I likely won’t make it that long.”
“Get. The. Bullet. Out,” the voice said, emphasizing each word.
“I let it go,” John said. “I didn’t say anything. A few weeks later though, I saw Seb harassing a new recruit. Young kid. No experience. He clearly had no idea what to do. I told. My commander was better than most. He believed me. Apparently I wasn’t the only complaint they had about Seb. He was discharged after that.”
“And what was William doing up here so late?” Sherlock asked.
"John!" Lestrade pushed his way past John into the room. "Thank goodness. I've been knocking at the door for ages."
Sherlock had spent those three days alternating between sitting, statue like, in his chair, shuffling through his books and files, and paying his violin. John had primarily spent his time watching Sherlock, particularly when he played the violin. But he had also taken the opportunity to read any material he could find on curses and contracts. It may not have been the most opportune time to work on breaking Sherlock's contact with Mrs. Hudson -- being in the middle of a case and all -- but he had gotten no closer to finding a solution and, at that moment, seemed to have little esle of use to do.
"Then take care of it yourself," Sherlock grumbled. "I have something more important to do right now."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at Moriarty.
Sherlock felt like the walls were closing in. His vision blurred and he realized with some surprise that he was crying.
Moriarty laughs.
Beside him, Sherlock had sunk into the chair. John glanced over and saw that he was frowning. He couldn't fathom why though. John felt truly hopeful for the first time since he had awoken.
He was disappointed, therefore, when a knock at the door interrupted Sherlock's playing.
"Of course," John said, still glaring at the witch, "she's the..."
He paused, finally noticing the crutch by the table and John’s arm in a sling.
“Oh,” John said, clearly in some confusion, but with the understanding that Sherlock wanted him to take the blame for some reason and going along with it, “I do apologize. It’s just… The leg, you know. It gets in the way sometimes.”
John’s eyes fluttered. His breath, which had become quick, uneven, and shallow, began to slow.
And the world didn't end. And fireworks didn't go off. And music didn't play. And it wasn't the best snog John had ever had, but it meant the most. And Sherlock analyzed it--the texture of John's lips and the way the muscles moved under the skin and the amount of moisture and how he breathed and the way he tasted.
“Please no,” he said softly. “No.”
“It’s settled then,” Colonel Hayter said, happily. “I’m sure both the Acton’s and the Cunningham’s will be happy to have the great Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson on their case.”
He turned toward the voice, extending his arms to the sides.
The dog stared at him for a moment before darting off.
“We’d like to talk to you about the recent murder on your estate,” Sherlock said bluntly.
The meeting with the maid produced much the same results as the meeting with Bryan. She had noticed her employer with a red headed, thin women several nights before his death, though she had never seen him with anybody previously. She described him as something of a hermit and was surprised to find he was dating. And, just like the previous crime scene, she noted that there was no blood on the floor where the victim was found.
"I am a consulting wizard," Sherlock shot back.
with bread
"Because it's fun," Sherlock replied.
“Impressive,” the voice said, interrupting the moment. “Like Sleeping Beauty.”
He worked his way quickly up the ranks and found great success. He was beginning to truly believe he might just escape his fate when everything came crashing down. Injured and unable to continue his duties, John was sent back to Ingary to find his father had become ill (the healer said it was a liver disease). John spent the next few months tending to his father, until he finally passed away, leaving John alone with the clinic to accept, once and for all, his fate.
"Where are we?" he asked after they had crossed several streets.
"Yes, I am fully aware," John mumbled as he began stirring the oats and pulled out his watch to keep track of the time.
"Did Mr. Holmes have the chance to speak with you about that?" he asked, looking at the chart where John's eyes had landed.
His eyes snapped open and, with a strength and renewed vigor that came from the depths of his anger, he pushed himself up into a standing position, leaning heavily on the table and putting his weight on his left leg. Slowly, but with determination, he made his way into his room, packed a small, light bag, and then made his way back to the door. Looking back one last time, John bid a silent farewell to the cozy cottage that had been his family's home for generations. Then he turned the sign to closed and stepped stiffly out onto the road.
"How did you know?" John asked, his head shooting up.
"They were only able to sting you a few times," Sherlock said.
Sherlock stopped suddenly, almost causing John to run into his back. He pointed and John looked over his shoulder to find a patch of trees wound round with thick vines.
“Yes Sherlock,” Moriarty said slowly. “The puzzle is another simple one. Just tell John which syringes to inject. But you’d better act quickly. John doesn’t appear to be doing well.”
"Sherlock,” Molly said breathlessly. “You’re back then? I heard... That is, Lestrade said... Is John okay?”
Sherlock Holmes,” Alec said, astonished. “What are you doing with Sherlock Holmes?”
Sherlock had just tugged the man's head and shoulders with him onto the dock when the ship lurched again and the gangway disconnected from the ship. Sherlock only just prevented the man from falling into the sea, but John tumbled down with the gangway.
"I'll go see what's taking so long with the nurse," he said, not quite meeting John's eyes.
"Good," Dr. Azarian smiled and looked down at his chart. "I've just met with your team and I've finally got some news for you, of a sort."
After a few long minutes of silence, John had tried to ask what the plan was and when they were going to leave, but Sherlock had simply ignored him, clearly deep in thought. Eventually, John had given up the effort and settled in for a long wait. He had not, however, expected the wait to last almost three days.
John was still staring vacantly.
John managed a small smile before leaning his head back on the pillow and falling asleep again.
“No, Mr. Holmes,” there was a pregnant pause. “Someone’s brought it here just now.”
“We can keep going,” John rasped.
“What’s your big plan then?” Sherlock asked. If he could get him talking. Find out where he was. Maybe get him to approach. They would have a chance.
The spell read:
“Not at all,” Sherlock mumbled, picking his way through the brush to catch up to his companion.
Sherlock reached the gate and mumbled a few soft words to the guard, whose eyes glazed over. Sherlock motioned for John to follow and they slipped past the guard without incident.
Blood.
And he began the slow ascent up the stairs, one step at a time, Sherlock at his side, talking as they went about Lestrade's last case (boring) and John's last blog entry (missed the point entirely) and his last experiment (fascinating--and probably horribly messy from the sound of it).
John hesitated, but Sherlock already knew what he was going to say.
"Are ghosts real then?" he asked finally.
“Yes,” John says, though the tremor in his voice betrays him.
“Lestrade, it’s an emergency,” Sherlock said urgently into his phone.
"Ah," Sherlock said and John thought he looked uncomfortable, which wasn't a good sign. "Dr. Azarian sedated you and took you for imaging. You sprained your arm, but he doesn't believe there is any further damage, though he won't know for certain until the scans come back from analysis."
“Aw, poor boy,” the voice said sarcastically. “And so close to the end too.”
To his surprise, the thing was incredibly strong. He had to drop his cane and lean his entire weight against it just to budge it enough to close the door. When it was closed and secured, he leaned his weight against it, panting with the effort and his terror.
“Fine,” he said.
“We saw him,” Alec said, nodding at his father. “Didn’t we dad? Dad saw him from the bedroom window, and I saw him from the back passage. Dad had just gone to bed, and I was smoking a pipe in my dressing-gown. We heard poor William call for help and I ran down to see what had happened. The back door was open when I came to the foot of the stairs and I saw two men wresting together outside. The intruder fired a shot, William dropped, and the burglar rushed across the garden and over the hedge. Dad saw him as he reached the road, but then lost sight of him. Of course, I went straight to William to help him, so I didn’t pursue the man.”
"Sherlock..." John had to pause to adjust again to the odd sound of his own voice, barely audible to his own ears, and try not to wince at the pain talking caused his chest. "What happened?"
He put his hand on John’s face and gently lifted it. John was panting again, but awake.
John groaned.
"The potassium!" Sherlock repeated.
He tried to drift back off into blissful numbness, but the pounding in his head refused to allow him any such reprise. He shut his eyes more tightly and tried to focus on breathing, which had become a exceptionally unpleasant task that required rather more attention than it used. Then, all of the sudden, he was aware of a new pressure on his right arm and a soft voice near his right ear.
“You didn’t tell me either,” John countered.
"The violin," Sherlock was perched near the strange equipment, fiddling with something John couldn't make out. "I play when I think. Sometimes I don't talk for days on end. Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other."
“Truth or dare?” the voice asked.
Once he had regained some control, he glanced out of the window of his small room, trying to control his breathing as flashes of the nightmare played in his head. It was still dark outside, but he knew he would never get back to sleep. Sighing, he pushed himself up and moved to his small desk, where his notes on healing remedies were spread across the small surface. Sitting down at the small space, he resigned himself to the tedium of working on the remedies until his father's clinic opened.
Sherlock stared at his hand, still holding John’s. Then, slowly, he looked up to John’s face. John’s eyes were blinking slowly.
“The game is truth or dare,” Scarecrow finished.
Lestrade remained quiet for a long moment.
“John,” Sherlock began urgently, “pick…”
“Just three more to go,” Moriarty encouraged.
He attempted to lean over and pick up the fruit but was unable to reach without falling over. He smiled apologetically.
"No idea," John said.
“As I’m sure you are aware, John suffered multiple serious injuries,” the doctor began. “Obviously the most serious of which is the gunshot wound.”
“You’re having another flashback,” Sherlock said firmly. “I’m going to get you out of here, but I need you to listen to me and do exactly as I say.”
The Colonel stepped forward and pulled John into a tight hug.
But, though John reaction certainly worried him, it was not what was distressing him most--causing him to replay the incident over and over in his mind.
Then he arrived at the note indicating possible spinal cord injury. He swallowed.
Sherlock pauses. He stares at John through the laptop. He is still laying on the bed, covered in injuries and bleeding profusely. Beside him Sebastian is looking at him with hunger evident in his expression. He seems totally unconcerned with his fate—focused instead entirely on John. He seems to be eyeing John’s crotch.
He felt a hand touch his arm and looked back over to Sherlock.
Sherlock turned to the Cunningham’s, “I have a request for you.”
“I have to tie it on now,” he said regretfully.
Moving slowly, his leg and shoulder both aching mournfully, he walked to the desk and picked up the paper. It was another note. There was dust on its outer folded edge, so it must have been left there a while before. He unfolded it and read.
“Or, I could just kill John now,” a shot rang out, the bullet piercing the rock mere inches from John’s head.
“Where is Sebastian Moran,” Sherlock asked calmly.
Harry Watson"
Sherlock took a steadying breath, willing his hands to stop shaking. When he felt like he had some control, he pressed the knife down.
“You see,” Moriarty continued, “I must confess I felt rather left out after Sebastian had his fun with you two. It did look like fun too. But don’t worry. Sebastian’s game favored Johnny here. It was all about enduring and surviving. Don’t get me wrong. My game is about survival too, but I made it a little more to your tastes, Sherlock.”
"Yes," Amelia grumbled. "Somebody has found out about me and is trying to blame these murders on me."
“I dare you to…” Scarecrow laughed, low and long. “I dare you to stand on John’s broken leg.”
Sherlock sighed. Easy. John would say something a little sappy about their friendship and that would be it. Unlike Sherlock, John’s feelings clearly didn’t run any deeper than friendship.
John’s eyes were tightly closed and his breath was shallow and quick.
"Where did you get this?" Sherlock asked.
When the castle was close enough for John to see it clearly, he stopped and stared. The building looked as though it were held together by magic and will power alone. It was incredibly large and vaguely oval shaped, with large turrets pouring smoke out of the top. It appeared to be constructed of an amalgam of bits and pieces of other structures -- what looked like a cottage room here, a sleek metal room there, a large panel between. Beneath the structure were large, bird-like legs that appeared to be made of some sort of metal and were slowly moving along the ground.
“He won’t go,” Sherlock explained impatiently.
“It was a puff of something gaseous,” John said flatly. “If I were to guess, I would say nerve gas.”
He found the 2nd intercostal space in the midclavicular line and, taking a steading breath and urging his shaking hand to still, he placed the tip of the pocket knife in the space and pushed, making a small incision. He cursed the dullness of the knife, but at least John wasn’t awake to feel it.
He sighed and turned back, wondering if he had missed his chance or if he had been lucky after all.
When they arrived back at the castle, Sherlock was restless and clearly frustrated. He paced up and down the room, sometimes picking up the violin, playing a few notes, and putting it back down again. John watched him, feeling Sherlock's restlessness himself, as though it were contagious.
, he told himself for the twelfth time in the last five minutes.
John finished and leaned back against the wall, taking several short breaths, his eyes closed. But he didn’t stay there for long. Before he could possibly have caught his breath again, John began moving. He put his good arm down, his hand flat on the floor. Then he moved his left leg so that it was bent, foot flat on the floor. The he did something rather brilliant.
“ICU?” he asked urgently.
"Some of them," Sherlock responded.
"Then I want to do it," John said.
“I need a decision, Sherlock,” Moriarty said. “Oh, and John, don’t try to persuade him either way or I’ll shoot Sherlock. This is his decision alone.”
, Sherlock turned back to John and began gently shaking his head.
"First," he said, sitting straighter in the chair, "I did not make Mrs. Hudson do anything! She did it of her own free will. Second, it wasn't just a scarecrow. It was alive and trying to get it."
“We’ll manage,” Sherlock said softly. “Now Mrs. Hudson, could you make us some tea?”
"How long have you been here?" Sherlock asked for the fourth time. "Why did you come back?"
"I got shot," John said, gripping his cane tighter.
"Ready?" the strange man asked.
"No," John responded without looking up, "you had a great mess in piles. Now you've got everything organized. And you're welcome."
"Oh good," she said. "Sherlock will be pleased."
“I can’t believe you asked someone about dates,” he said. “Who did you ask?”
Sherlock was flitting about the room with his usually restless energy, but John remained standing in the door, staring. Finally, Sherlock seemed to realize John hadn't moved or responded in some time and was at John's side in an instant, worry evident on his face.
But this wasn't localized nerve damage. This wasn't loss of feeling in one part of his leg. John hadn't reacted to him moving the leg at all. There was no way moving his leg wouldn't cause him pain if he could feel any part of it.
"Yes, go ahead," Sherlock said.
Mr. Cunningham did so without further comment and handed the note back to Sherlock, who pocketed it.
"Er... hi," Lestrade shifted his weight from one foot to the other. "Is Sherlock here?"
Sherlock had been the one waiting for him again. The one to get the news again. The one who had tried to talk him out of the stupid surgery in the first place. He was probably furious. He probably hated him now.
Carefully. Oh so carefully, Sherlock pulled his hand back out of John’s shoulder. Then, with a grunt, he threw the damn bullet to the ground toward the dark tunnel.
Looking around himself frantically, Sherlock found his coat discarded in the corner. Thank goodness he had dragged the stupid thing along with them. He quickly retrieved the coat and carefully placed it over John’s shivering body.
“You threw up then?” John was clearly confused as to why he had hesitated.
Sherlock reached the entrance of Grimes Graves more quickly than he thought possible. Before he started climbing, he glanced at the floor where John’s blood had pooled. It looked like so many crime scenes he had seen before, but this was different. He knew that blood. It sent a chill down his spine.
They sit in silence for a long moment.
Moriarty smiled at Sherlock, who glowered back.
“Yes,” Sherlock said softly. “One.”
"I can't tell without an autopsy," he said finally. "Heart attack, perhaps?"
"Did I get anything wrong?" Sherlock asked.
"Maybe," Dr. Azarian said slowly, "but, Dr. Watson, you should know that there are risks for some very serious complications."
“I’ll go back to therapy,” John said. “But in the meantime, you’ve already done something incredibly important for me. You’ve shown me that I can trust you.”
“So, Dr. Watson,” the voice asked lightly, “What will it be? Truth or dare? Remember now. You only have three truths.”
“John is...” Sherlock began. “He’s struggling. Emotionally.”
John sat in silence for a moment, contemplating the skull in the corner.
“But Mr. Holmes…” the inspector started.
They reached the house to find a police officer standing at the door.
Sherlock prepares himself to be blindfolded and taken somewhere as well. He hopes he’ll be taken to John, but of course that would be too much to hope for. Still, maybe when he is untied, he can do something to get them out of this. In his current position, he wasn’t much help to either of them.
“John, stay with me,” Sherlock murmured in his ear. “I’m here with you. You are in England, not Afghanistan. You are not at war, but you are in danger. I need you to stay present.”
Sherlock shook his good shoulder with a little more force.
"Why would I need to let you in?" Sherlock asked.
“What?” Sherlock’s breath left him in a rush. He had to be kidding. There was no way he was going to do that to John.
Sherlock thought there couldn't be anything worse than waiting.
"It's quite late to be out on the moors mate," Mike said finally. "Any particular reason you're running around out here?"
Suddenly, John gets quiet. He gazes at Sherlock for a long moment, then he reaches forward and grabs his hand.
"Oh," John said.
Sherlock watched as John took a deep breath, clearly trying to steady his hands. It didn’t work. His hands were shaking badly. That was going to make giving himself stitches a bit difficult.
“How does the British government have trouble finding one man?” Sherlock asked petulantly.
"Yes," Sherlock murmured, throwing down one folder and picking up the next. "Yes! Yes!" he said, getting louder with each folder. "That's it, John. Come on!"
Sherlock didn’t raise his head. He knew John was just trying to make him feel better. Of course he was. Here he was, barely conscious with multiple serious injuries and he was trying to make Sherlock feel better. But there wasn’t much of a choice. He sighed and sat back, pushing himself far enough away from John to give him room to maneuver.
Sherlock said it was the nurse. Sherlock said she was gone now. It was nothing to worry about. It was nothing. She had just startled him. He hadn't heard her approach...
“Oh, Seb prefers not to be seen,” Moriarty says offhandedly.
Refrain from kissing
"Sherlock, the ambulance is here," he said slowly, as though he wasn't certain Sherlock could understand him. "They'll want to check you out."
It seemed to take an eternity for him to reach the third level. At the top of the landing, several doors stood in a semi circle, only one of which was open. Inside, Sherlock was crouched over the figure of a woman leaning against the far wall.
Sherlock didn’t bother responding. He was looking at John, who looked more apprehensive than he had expected. What could he fear of a truth. It wasn’t like Sherlock hadn’t already deducted everything about John.
John stared a minute at the fire, amazed. He had always heard Sherlock described as heartless and he certainly saw his lack of compassion at times, but he never imagined Mrs. Hudson would describe him that way. He felt rather strange about it. Almost defensive.
“Perhaps you’re right,” he says. “I do love a good toy, but I have no idea what you see in these ordinary people.”
In the corner of the room some debris had collected, including what Sherlock could tell were bits of organic matter dragged in from outside. If he could only examine it closer…
"What the..." John pushed himself up on his elbow, just as the ship lurched again to the other side.
John raised an eyebrow, but gave up on questioning further, turning instead to his book.
And when they stopped laughing, they just a breath's length away from one another, staring into each other's eyes. And the air felt heavier and the room seemed quieter. And Sherlock whispered, "may I?" and John nodded.
"This isn't a joke, sir," he said.
"Are these spells?" he held up a couple of the papers he had found.
"Oh," John said, not understanding a word.
“I’m aware,” Sherlock responded.
He raised his hands hesitantly, threading them gently into John’s short hair. Surprisingly, John leaned slightly back into them, almost as though he enjoyed it. Sherlock was afraid it was an involuntary action and that John would feel bad about it later, but then he noticed John’s hands. They had at some point risen to Sherlock’s sides, where they were now pulling him closer.
"Oh, thank goodness you're home," she said as soon as John walked in the door.
Quickly, Sherlock began chest decompressions, careful to avoid the pen in John’s check. He checked John’s pulse. Weak and erratic, but there. Good.
John felt himself slipping. Losing consciousness.
"But you'll die," John moved to where the star had swerved. "I can help you."
Sherlock collapsed on his knees beside John and gently placed a hand on his shoulder. There, the wound he had received earlier, still seeping blood, though much more slowly now. And beside it, not even inches away, another hole. This one new and bleeding profusely.
John stared, dumbfounded.
“S’okay Sherlock,” John said. “I trust you.”
And then Sherlock's words came back to him.
“Perhaps you have a point,” he said.
“Remember,” John said, “I’m going to struggle. I won’t be able to help it. I am going to lose consciousness. I’ll stop breathing. I won’t be able to help you. Do you know what to do?”
“And his shoulder?” Sherlock asked.
“Somebody else has hidden their treasures down here?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock looked taken aback. He shot another look at John.
Sherlock wanted to strangle him.
"Er... right," the young man continued twisting his hat in his hands. "Well, I'm Bryan and I'm here about my uncle. He was murdered and nobody seems to be doing anything about it. We weren't terribly close, but I just can't let it go. He didn't deserve that and he does deserve to have justice now."
As one of Market Chipping's only doctors, John's father made a fairly decent living. However, after their mother's death, their father turned to alcohol, becoming worse as the years went by, and eventually becoming unpredictable and violent. As the eldest, John was left to protect and tend to his sister and help keep the clinic running when his father was indisposed. As the years went on, John became more and more responsible for the clinic as his father's alcoholism became worse. He resigned himself to a life of tending the clinic and trying to care for his sister, who became more rebellious and difficult as time went by.
"I knew it would happen this way," Lestrade said, sounding resigned. "I had to try anyway. The king is having a fit. He's threatening to invade Strangia. He's convinced they have taken her hostage. There are already skirmishes and the only way we are going to prevent a full on war is to find the princess."
. John was in shock. His organs were not getting enough blood. He would die if Sherlock didn’t do something quick.
John smiled.
“It won’t require much leg work,” Sherlock said.
“Hello Mr. Cunningham,” the inspector said, “I’m sorry to bother you again, but I had a question or two I needed to ask you.”
Sherlock examined it closely, seeming unperturbed.
"You sustained multiple injuries," he continued softly, "many of which were severe: Concussion; Pneumothorax, which had to be treated surgically; four broken ribs; dislocated shoulder."
Sherlock gently helped John lay flat on the floor.
“I’ll be back,” Sherlock said, beginning to stand.
"There are puncture wounds in the neck, but the victim wasn't awake when he was exsanguinated," she said. "If it were a vampire, there would have been signs of a struggle, but the punctures are perfect."
"I'll need the body taken to Molly," Sherlock said over his shoulder to Lestrade.
And then it hit him all at once, like a tsunami crashing into shore. His frequent and sundry attempts to impress John, vaguely masked under the guise of 'showing off.'  His irritation any time John was away. The way John made him see things differently--even
John winced.
“No, you won’t,” Sherlock said, closing his eyes. “Regardless of what you might think, you are not made of stone.”
“No,” Sherlock said patiently. “That’s not the kind of help he needs right now.”
He was a bit relieved to be back in the room with the cozy fire and soft chair for a while, though he was a surprised to find himself there. He had been certain Sherlock would not rest until the case was solved.
The shot came suddenly, ringing out loudly in the small room and causing Sherlock to jump. He desperately examined John’s body, which was convulsing in pain. Alive then. He was alive. Thank God!
Sherlock paused, shutting his eyes and taking another breath.
It must have been a while since the explosion. Sherlock knew that his concussion was making it difficult for him to judge time, but if Lestrade were there, he knew it couldn’t have been fewer than several long minutes. That meant John had been in significant danger for far too long. He couldn’t quite figure out what to do to find him. His mind was muddled, worthless! Why couldn’t he THINK?
With that, John stormed back out to the living room, grabbing a clean shirt on the way, and put on his coat.
John reaches a hand toward the syringes, but Moriarty stops him.
"It wasn't the ghost, clearly," he said.
“What do I have to do?” Sherlock growled.
John groaned. "Just what I need -- even less function in my leg."
John glanced at Lestrade.
John spoke to Sholto for a long time, clearly happy to be talking with his old commander. They discussed good times, laughed about hijinks, and even discussed some more serious topics. Sholto was clearly interested in how John was doing after his ordeal, but John insisted he was fine.
"What the..." John pushed against the barrier, but to no avail.
The seconds tick quickly away, and John moves more quickly still, but Sherlock is still not certain he will reach the door in time. What would happen then. Would he be left in that room to bleed out slowly? Would Sherlock have to watch?
"There's nothing you can do," Lestrade said, putting a steading hand on his shoulder.
“Not about that,” John breathed.
He had so much faith in Sherlock. It made his heart ache, especially when he had to admit that he didn’t actually have a plan. Not yet anyway.
Sherlock tried to gather his thoughts. What else could he look for through a computer screen? The timer steadily ticked, grinding on Sherlock’s nerves. He needed to think, but it was so difficult with that damned clock.
Sherlock hesitated. He obviously couldn’t tell her what had actually triggered the episode, but he needed her help.
"How do you like your room, love?" Mrs. Hudson was cheerily blazing in her fireplace, smiling at him as he came down the stairs.
Sherlock put one arm around John’s back and used the other to gently push him backwards so he could see his face. John fell back into his arm. His eyes were closed. His breathing shallow. He checked his pulse—even weaker than before.
Dragging his leg up from a sitting position without the board must have been excruciating, but he hadn’t so much as groaned. Now, he moved the leg into position with his right arm.
John laughed again.
Lestrade tried to imagine the kind of men who could do this to another human being—who found pleasure in it. The thought made him shudder. He considered Sherlock and John his friends, regardless of whatever Sherlock considered him to be. And with these guys still on the loose, they were both in very serious danger.
"Hmmm," Sherlock replied.
Sherlock, of course, had ignored this, though he had given John more space, hovering on the periphery until his nerves became too frayed.
“Oh my,” the Colonel said in awe, “you’re quite right, of course. But why should two men write a note in such a way?”
“Welcome to room number two,” Moriarty said into the microphone. “You did a very good job in the first room John. I’m actually a little impressed. And as a reward, I want to give you something to help care for all those unfortunate wounds you’ve received.”
He turned on his heels and stared at the waiting room door, willing someone to enter. He tried to think of something he could do with himself. Something to take his mind off of... of things he would rather not remember.
The stick came loose with a jerk, sending John sprawling backward onto the ground. Groaning, John pushed himself up and looked at the bush, expecting to find the stick. What he found, instead, was a rather ragged looking scarecrow, the end of which had been sticking out of the bush.
John nodded, glancing down at the circle.
“Dare,” he said finally.
“What do you want?” he shouted in the vague direction of the voice.
"No, Sherlock," Lestrade said with exasperation. "I'm breaking all the rules just letting you in here."
John couldn’t speak, but he nodded slightly.
He stared at the door, willing Sherlock to come back, but simultaneously hoping he wouldn't. He didn't want to lash out at him again. He hated himself for doing it.
A door suddenly popped open at the end of the room. John stared at it but didn’t make a move toward it.
“Yeah, okay,” he said cheerfully. “I am a bad guy. But I’m fair.”
The A&E had been all confusion and frustration and anger for Sherlock. He had shouted abuse at nurses and doctors and anybody in his path until they had threatened to expel him from the premises, only relenting when Lestrade interceded on his behalf.
Finally, one day as John was just thinking of turning in early for the night, Sherlock had stood quite suddenly from his chair.
He decided his best bet would be reserve. He would try his best to imitate John's quiet dignity and solemnity in the face of situations that seemed to require such things. He would avoid deductions and and snide remarks as far as possible, even if it meant simply staying quiet.
He was folded in on himself--his long, slim body bend at improbable angles in order to create his own space on which others could not intrude. His legs were pulled up tightly to his chest, his arms tucked into his body between them, his head resting on his knees.
heart consumed
He sighed again.
He could hear Lestrade yelling at the man beside him and could sense movement around him, but his mind felt clouded.
“John,” he said softly, “I need you to wake up.”
“I have to do the work,” John said finally. “You can’t do it for me. But you can be there. You can, you know, hold my hand… metaphorically. Or literally.”
. Oh!
Then he turned the page and he was confronted with the x-ray image of his leg.
“Fine,” the doctor said. “I’ll start working on your discharge orders now. But Dr. Watson, you will need to be vigilant. You are by no means out of the woods with that leg and shoulder. Should anything change, come back immediately.”
Sherlock was grinning rather manically at the paper in his hand.
“Just get me the information,” Sherlock said.
who finds heartmeat
The group stood gathered at the edge of the latest crime scene, a greusome tableu of destruction and gore. The culprit, whom Sherlock distainfully described as "inelegant," prefered to murder his victims by luring them into buildings laced with explosives--antics which not only garnered the attention of the Yard, but of most of London as well. Unsurprisingly, a small but ardently curious crowd had gathered around the borders of the police tape, creating just enough noise to be both annoying and distracting, though not enough to warrent disbursing them.
“Major Sholto was one of the good ones,” John continues, not noticing Sherlock’s reaction. “I don’t know what I would have done without him. He got me out of a tight spot more than once. He was like magic—seemed like he could do anything. He was my commander.”
Sherlock heaved a sigh and set his bowl down near the fire before making his way to the door. He turned the wheel to red and opened the door. John craned his neck to see out and was only slightly surprised to find an entirely different street from the one outside the window. From his place near the fire, he could see little of the street outside, but what he did see were clearly colorful and rather expensive looking houses.
“You’re first option, Sherlock,” Moriarty explained, “is to let Sebastian shoot John wherever he sees fit. It may be a non-fatal shot to an extremity—painful but not likely to cause lasting damage. Or he might shoot John in the head. Up to him. And you, of course.”
"The spell tells you what components you will need," Sherlock continued, not noticing John's disappointment. "There are several types of spells--self-fulfilling or self-discovering, or simple incantation, or mixed action and speech. Some parts may be straightforward, but others are puzzles that need to be deciphered before you can get the meaning. Further, every powerful spell has at least one deliberate mistake or mystery in it to prevent accidents, which need to be spotted."
Finally, after what felt like an eternity, a voice cried out, “Here. He’s here!”  Instantly, Sherlock stumbled toward the voice, his heart skipping beats as he silently begged an entity in whom he didn’t even believe for John to be alive.
But where had he been shot? Sherlock searched for the wound, but it was difficult with all the blood on John’s already battered body to find the new wound.
“Okay boys,” the voice said distantly.
He turned so that he was standing next to John’s outstretched, broken leg. He would step up on the leg somewhere away from the break, obviously, then immediately step off. It would hurt like hell, but maybe the damage would be minimal.
“Shock keeps you fairly well away from the pain,” John said, “so not much. If we make it to a hospital, they’ll keep me on some pretty strong pain killers.”
, Sherlock thought. He wanted to move closer. To urge the hand further down. To climb on top of John.
Sherlock shot to his feet.
“Better hurry, Sherlock,” Moriarty says sweetly. “I don’t think John can take room one again.”
"Curare," John said, admiring the rare plant.
This was emotional. Not really his area. But he had to do something. John was looking sick, losing weight, and clearly feeling miserable. He was in the mood in which people started making stupid decisions.
“Saving up those truths now?” the voice asked, tauntingly. “Well, let’s take it easy on you after that last dare. Wouldn’t want out Dr. Watson here to miss the big finale.”
“It was a long time ago,” he said softly, still not meeting John’s eyes. “It doesn’t matter.”
Then he glanced over at John and saw his crutch leaning against the chair. He couldn’t ask John to run around the village for a case. It would be painful and difficult and…
"Yeah," he said, grinning.
Sherlock shot off a few more blasts below them, taking out one or two of the creatures as he continued to pull John toward the surface. The others were quickly catching up to them when they finally broke the surface of the water.
Then he put his lips to John’s and blew life giving air into his lung (the one still working). He felt John’s chest move with is breaths.
“What would you want,” Sherlock asked, “If you were feeling that way? What would you want your… your friend to do for you?”
"I'm going to use a spell to get us home," he said softly. "I need to hold you to do it, okay?"
He looked up to find Sherlock, standing near the window, violin in hand, playing a song that John had never heard. It sent tingles down his spine. He stared, eyes wide, letting the melody wash over him.
"Open up!" he said, using his cane to bang on the door while trying to balance on the small platform as the castle continued to sluggishly move forward.
to a heart gravy lover.
With amazing quickness, Sherlock moved so that he was standing in front of John. He grabbed John’s good arm, pulling it firmly forward so that John lost his balance. He caught John with his shoulder and in one fluid movement, stood. John was now perched on Sherlock’s shoulder. With a bit of maneuvering, Sherlock had John in a classic fireman’s carry.
So Sherlock fumed on the pavement outside of the hospital, obsessively going over the details of the event in his mind and becoming more keyed up by the moment.
“What else?” Moriarty says. “A bit of fun. I like watching you suffer. And it has been fun playing with you, but I’m afraid you are in my way again. And John… well, he’s a present for Seb, isn’t he?”
Before long they were back in a carriage, heading away from the crime scene. Sherlock had said he wanted to have Molly examine the body, so they needed to meet the detective in charge of the case.
John looked back at the monitors. He thought back to the times he had been in hospital. He though about how annoyingly loud it was and about how it was impossible to actually get any rest. He thought about hearing the nurses chattering and messing about in the bed next you. He thought about the beeping monitors and alarms. He thought about the announcements coming over the speakers.
John begins moving quickly. Sherlock winces with each cut that John now endures. The cuts are no longer superficial. John is careful with dangerous areas of his body but ignores the rest in the interest of time. He can’t help but let out small moans as he continues toward the exit at a steady pace, tearing Sherlock’s heart like the wire is tearing John’s skin.
“You’ve gone soft,” he said. “Your… sentiment toward your little pet has ruined you.”
Sherlock let out a breath he had apparently been holding, looking relieved.
"Do the victims have anything in common," John asked, following Sherlock with his eyes.
John pushed himself up to his knees and moved over to Sherlock and the man, grabbing the hand holding the syringe and twisting until he dropped it with a groan.
Sherlock watched as John pushed his food around on his plate. He hadn’t eaten much, but he had eaten something, at least. That was a start.
Sherlock paused. He had to be tactful. John’s story was his own and not his to tell. And he knew John would not want anybody else to know. But Sherlock needed help and Molly would be discrete. He would have to pick his words carefully.
“John!” Sherlock put his hands gently on either side of John’s face and began tapping his face—not hard enough to be called a slap, but hard enough to get his attention.
Lestrade sighed.
After a moment, Sherlock rolled his eyes and grabbed the book John had been reading, flipping through it quickly, then thrusting the open book at John. John stared down at the page, which was showing the plant curare, a thick vine that grew in temperate climates in thick forests. John knew that the plant extracts were used in anesthetics, but he couldn't figure out why Sherlock was showing it to him.
He took a deep breath, closing his eyes and allowing his senses to reset. When he opened them again, he could see more clearly. They had been walking for just over two hours and still had at least an hour to go before they reached their destination.
Sherlock pushed back in his chair, running his hands through his hair before letting his head fall into them.
John and Sherlock both gasped for air. Sherlock, arm still wound tightly around John's chest, sent several more blasts down into the water before pulling John toward the ladder to the dock. When they got there, he had to all but pull John up the ladder because John was still having trouble even moving his own legs.
“Please John,” Sherlock pleaded. “We’re so close. You can do this.”
He reached the bottom long after Sherlock, arms sore from keeping himself from falling every time his leg gave out. Sherlock, much to his relief, was waiting for him at the bottom, though John could only just see his outline. John blinked, waiting for his eyes to adjust to the darkness. After what seemed a long moment, he could just see the outline of a hall or a tunnel, but could make out no detail.
“He won’t eat, he has trouble sleeping. When he does, he has nightmares. He’s jumpy, irritable, and anxious. I’ve tried talking to him. I would give him a case, but his injuries prevent him from doing any sort of leg work. I... I don’t know how to help him.”
"I got everything right?" Sherlock asked.
After the body was removed, Sherlock spent what felt to John like a very long time at the crime scene, seemingly inspecting nothing at all. Then, without a word, he simply stood and left. John stood in the room a moment, leaning on his cane and staring at the door, before he finally realized Sherlock wouldn't be coming back and followed.
“Doesn’t sound like it’s nobody,” Lestrade retorted.
“Nothing?” Sebastian was confused.
“Where’s the puzzle?” he demands. “This is just torture.”
Through the double doors, John found himself staring at rows of small doors and several shiny metal tables. A woman was standing beside one table, on which lay the body he had seen at the crime scene. She was now naked, however, and on her back. John winced internally a bit at how inhuman it all seemed, but was glad to have a better look at the body.
“Yes,” John says finally.
"Porthaven," she replied. "It's what you see out of the window."
“Jealous?” Sherlock asked. “Why would I be jealous of them?”
"Oh," Harry looked delighted. "Small world, isn't it? Irene, dear, I'm so happy you could come by today. This is my brother!"
sail away to Africa
“Well done,” Moriarty said to John. “But now that you’ve gotten the numbers, it’s Sherlock’s turn. You see, I’m afraid I haven’t given you the numbers in any particular order. If you want the key, Sherlock, you’ll have to deduce what the order is.”
“Your turn will be quite simple John,” Moriarty says. “All you have to do is get on the bed and allow yourself to be chained up for… whatever comes next.”
Sherlock sighed. He hadn’t realized that he did, in fact, have secrets he didn’t want to discuss. How could he have forgotten about this?
"John!" Sherlock tugged the man up as quickly as he could, leaving him lying near the edge of the dock, and dived in after John.
with the name Sherlock Holmes printed neatly on the cover. He picked it up and began reading. After only a few moments, however, he sat it back down with a scoff and moved away.
Dimmock glared at him.
"I'm sure there's some bread somewhere," Mrs. Hudson eyed the pan and flared up.
He thought back to the X-rays Dr. Azarian had shown him--the bursts of white and shocking angles and lack of straight lines. He thought back to the mess of blood and broken flesh and bone he had glimpsed when John was pulled from the hole. He thought back to the "specialists" telling him they could not guarantee the leg would be "functional."
“Okay John,” he said softly, “tell me five things you can see.”
Sherlock seemed to hesitate a moment, but John was having trouble discerning subtlety in his drug induced state.
He moved over to Sherlock and glanced down to find a hole in the floor, leading directly down into blackness. He raised an eyebrow at Sherlock.
Sherlock wandered down the corridor, allowing his feet to take him wherever they liked as he resisted the urge to march straight back to John's room.
The lights on the stage came up and there was some motion. Sherlock ignored this, concentrating on John.
The gun cocked again.
The doctor tried to push past, but Sherlock stepped back into his path.
“We’re staying here?” John asked as he stepped out of the passenger seat. “Did you get someone off a murder charge again?”
Sherlock's world focused to a point as he remembered the events leading up to his current confusion.
Sherlock grunts. Surprise. Great.
with a person
“A bit, yeah,” he said.
“No,” Sherlock said. “We’ll start tomorrow.”
John’s hand shot instinctively up to grasp Sherlock’s wrists, pulling as hard as he could. Which was disturbingly not hard at all.
John could feel Sherlock’s warm breath mixing with his own, his mouth inches away from John’s. He stared into Sherlock’s eyes, startled and, God help him, intrigued.
"That's not what people normally say," Sherlock murmured.
"Hey," Sherlock said.
Sherlock ran his hands through his hair, staring at John.
“I need information,” Sherlock said by way of greeting. “Everything you can get on Sebastian Moran. He served with John in Afghanistan.”
By the time John finally made his way back downstairs, the sun was beginning to fall and Sherlock was gone.
John didn't respond, but walked back outside with Irene in tow, thinking the small, white dog might be the only one with any sense in the cottage.
There was a pregnant pause while Scarecrow apparently thought.
"Oh," John said, his head somehow hurting even more.
“Has something happened?” Mycroft almost (
“You did?” Colonel Hayter asked.
Then John started begging.
When the rescue workers had finally secured John and pulled him out of the hole, Sherlock had pushed his way through the medics and placed a hand on his arm. Logically he had known that John couldn't feel it--that he wouldn't know and it wouldn't help. But Sherlock needed the reassurance that John was real. That he was there and physical and solid and alive and
“John,” Sherlock says slowly, “I let Sebastian shoot you. He could have killed you right there. I only made that decision because of my own weakness. I couldn’t… I couldn’t watch…”
“What do you see in him?” Moriarty is staring at the screen, on which John is still laying immobile on a bed of glass shards. “I mean, he’s so ordinary.”
He looked away. He felt vaguely humiliated and resentful. How had Sherlock noticed his hearing damage before he had? And now he was making appointments for him, as though he were a child in need of a keeper.
“Right,” John mumbled, closing his eyes.
There was a pause.
John arrived back at the castle to find Sherlock pacing up and down by the fireplace. John could immediately tell that he was agitated, but had no idea why. Mrs. Hudson was burning rather low, which John thought was a bad sign.
He collapsed to the ground, groaning in pain and clutching his right leg with his one good arm. From what seemed like a great distance, he felt an hand on his back and heard a voice in his ear.
John, who had been sitting near the far wall, tending the candle, stood and moved closer to the woman, sitting on the floor across from her.
Dr. Banerjee sighed.
“What happened?” Sherlock asked, squinting into the woods in the direction John was looking.
"There is nothing to do," Sherlock grumbled. "She's on my trail and the curse has already been placed."
Sherlock thought hard, bringing up a map of the Grimes Graves in his mind. He had memorized the map before they set out on their faithful trip. He’d only been able to find one map—a simple one without much detail. And having never been in the mine himself, his understanding of the layout was… uncertain. He hadn’t expected to find himself in this situation, or anything like it. Where should he start? He needed to think, but his mind was buzzing.
"No!" its voice was little more than a squeak.
“Stop,” Sherlock cut him off as he felt John’s hand tighten in his own. “John? John, are you okay? Do you need more morphine?”
"How long have you been back?" John asked. "Why did you come here?"
Sherlock grinned back, handing John his cane.
“I’m sorry John,” he said softly.
The screaming began again.
"Are you seeing anyone," he asked, feeling the same protective urge to parent her that he always had as a kid.
"Well," John said, trying to force a smile for Sherlock, "I guess that's one more curse to break then. At least this one's on me."
Sherlock let out a shaky breath. Of course. Sebastian could do anything to John in five minutes. It would be more than enough time to kill him and even make him suffer more beforehand. And it would be enough time for him to…
"But why?" John couldn't fathom the gardener's motive.
“John!” Sherlock gently lifted his head, noting the red mark forming across John’s cheek.
"There are very old legends," Sherlock said, "that mermaids could be turned human by sorcerers if they were either able to find true love in seventy two hours or drink the blood of their lover."
"I've already told you everything I know about his leg," the doctor said. "The scans we just performed do not appear to show any further damage, aside from a possible sprain in the left arm. We are sending them off for further analysis."
He was astounded to see that the star had a face. In fact, it looked vaguely like a very small person made of fire. He reached out to catch it, but it swerved to the side.
“He’ll pass out,” Sherlock argued.
Sherlock moved as quickly and as steadily as he could, careful not to move his fingers any more than necessary. He was almost there. He just had to move the knife and…
John's head felt as though it were buzzing. He had prepared himself. He knew this was what he was going to hear, down almost to the exact wording. Yet he had not been prepared at all. He realized suddenly that he hadn't been breathing and took a painful breath, willing himself to continue listening, though he wasn't certain he could take any more bad news.
He heard the sound of a gun cocking.
"What was that with the mirror?" John glanced back at the mirror, lying on the ground now.
“I said fuck off,” Sherlock says through clenched teeth.
"Thank you," Sherlock said, standing.
"Sherlock, I'm not having this.."
“Where are you taking him?” Sherlock asked, noticing a bit of desperation in his voice.
“How generous,” Sherlock spat.
"What do those look like?" Sherlock asked.
“We’ll need to talk to the families,” John said, seeming to read Sherlock’s mind.
What were those paintings doing on the walls? There was no reason for them to be there. No reason for Moriarty to decorate his torture chamber with random artwork. They had to mean something. He looked at each one carefully.
How could he have been so blind? How could he have missed it? It was so obvious! He detested sentiment.
It couldn't be. John didn't dare to hope as he slowly lifted his head. The movement caused him to become dizzy and disoriented, but he ignored this as he concentrated on following Sherlock's gaze.
John grinned as he glanced back at the teddy. He wondered vaguely why Sherlock was speaking so softly. He thought perhaps he was trying to spare his aching head, which was a kind gesture, though he wished he wouldn't. He could barely hear him at all.
"I don't need to weight anything, Sherlock," John said, controlling his tone with an effort. "If there is any chance of getting function back, I'm taking it."
