“Well then, I refuse to waste any more time.” Tony said gently, eyes fluttering slightly as he leaned forward.
See, he needed his bear in order to sleep. He needed it, or he simply couldn't close his eyes without feeling safe. And his teddy made him feel safe!
Tony snorted at that. “I bet you hated it. Sorry,” He shrugged. Steve finally looked at him, shaking his head lightly, honestly. Tony always deflected, even in death. Of course.
The elevator doors closed in front of Steve’s face.
Oh hell no. Hell no. This bastard isn’t gonna take his own fucking tower. For starters his bots are there unpacked from the move from Malibu. Pepper should be on her way to SI quarters already. But his one prized possession. Cap. This bastard is gonna pay.
“…stop saying that, I’m still too tired to process all of this.”
He must have grabbed the wrong thing while getting up from the bed.
Rogers gulped. “I-….thank you, Stark” He smiled.
“CAP!” Tony said while snatching the bear away from Fury’s hands. Fury is now currently doubled over shaking from laughter at the possessive act Tony just showed towards a decades old tattered stupid looking Captain America teddy bear.
“I told you before Stark, you’re a part of a larger universe now, that means you can’t die yet.” Fucking cyclops said while pestering all his suspicious agents inside his fucking mansion carrying around Howard’s stuff.
“Fine, fine, come on Captain I’ll give you a tour of our humble abode and show you to your room. If you’re still interested you can just give J a holler.” Tony winked at Rogers.
“Is that a Captain America limited edition bear from 1975 Stark?” Natasha asked while smirking.
Stop, bad Tony.
“I’m not here for that. I’ve been authorized by Director Fury to use any means necessary to keep you on premises. If you attempt to leave or play any games, I will tase you and watch Supernanny while you drool into the carpet. Okay?” Agent Coulson said while smiling innocently at him.
He turned around sharply. “WE ARE NOT SOLDIERS! I am not marching to Fury's fife!”
“Yeah, I haven’t gotten to cut it just yet. Was way too worried about you lately.” Steve tightened his arms around Tony. Tony relented and just flopped down on Steve’s chest while still playing with his hair.
Rogers frowned and followed Tony out of the room. “Thank you Stark. I appreciate it.”
By the time they hit the three-months mark of living together, Tony could safely say that they had become good friends together. Bruce likes to experiment in using different spices for different kinds of curries when it’s his turn to cook for group dinner, and Tony could safely say that all of them are a success (minus that one time he tripped on his way to get more coffee after a 16-hours workshop binge and accidentally upended the pot of curry Bruce has been carefully experimenting with for the last 4 hours. It took a lot of effort from Natasha and Clint to calm Bruce enough to keep him from hulking out). Natasha likes to spar with Tony and showed him a thousand different ways she could beat him without breaking a sweat (Happy also liked to join in sometimes and Nat takes immense pleasure in beating him down to the ground. If Tony didn’t know any better, he would think that Happy is in love with her and not with another certain red-hair in high heels.). Thor likes to ask Tony about the cultures of Midgard and ask to take him on a culinary binge around New York (“And what is this ‘Hot Dogs’ Stark? I thought you people kept this so called Dogs as pets? Do you also eat them like you do with chickens?” “NO THOSE AREN’T MADE FROM REAL DOGS. WE DON’T EAT DOGS.” “WHY IS IT CALLED HOT DOGS THEN???”) And Clint likes to keep Tony company during his workshop binge by hiding in the air vents and annoying him by asking mundane day-to-day questions (“Tony do you think Nat would kill me if I drank all of her organically sourced almond milk in the shared fridge?” “Not only do I think she would kill you, she would ask me to bury your body somewhere safe and I will gladly help her.” “Thanks Tony, I’m truly feeling the love here.” “You’re welcome birdbrain”). The Avengers, minus their one leader, is slowly becoming a comfortable place where Tony can safely feel at home with.
Every summer holiday, Tony went home with Cap to an empty house only filled with Jarvis and the other house servants. Howard still went on those expeditions every summer like clockwork, and his mother always spent her summer away from the empty house barren of her husband at her friends’ house, gossiping and sipping wine with her Italian friends in the vineyard. Over time, his appreciation and worship of Captain America started slipping away as his resentment grew and grew. He couldn’t understand why Howard would keep away from his family while chasing a ghost in the middle of the fucking ocean. He couldn’t understand why Howard can’t see him and his achievements and spend more time with him and that he would rather freeze every summer trying to find a dead man.
“I’ll put you down if you promise to eat and sleep! We’re all worried about you Tony, me especially.” Steve tightened his hold on Tony. That made Tony pause.
“…I am way too tired to process this entire thing right now. Can we have this discussion after I have my 12 cups of coffee?”
“Here you go,” Steve lowered him gently to his bed. “Go to sleep Tony. If you try to go to the workshop again, I will not hesitate to tie you myself to your bed so you could sleep.”
Tony went down the shared floor’s kitchen carrying something in his arms while rubbing the sleep out of his eyes. “Morning guys, what’s for breakfast today?” he made a beeline to the pot of coffee on the other side of the kitchen, not realizing that all of the Avengers are staring at him with different levels of disbelieve. Tony drank his hot cup of coffee quickly and realized that chatterings around the kitchen and living room had completely ended, and everyone are staring at him weirdly. “What? Never saw a tired guy just drank coffee before?”
“I don’t wanna hear it J! Workshop!” he shouted.
Rogers frowned. “Why? For believing?”
“Toodles.” Tony left on the elevator. “This guy is gonna be the death of me.” He muttered to himself in the elevator.
“Disgusted?! Why?” Steve acted so surprised. That just made Tony even more confused than ever.
“JARVIS, look at what dad brought me!” he yelled waving around the bear while barging in the kitchen where Jarvis was preparing the evening’s meal.
“Figures that I gave you an entire speech about how special you are to me, and the only thing that you could fixate on was that quip.” Steve said fondly. “Yes I like you, Tony. I’d like to date you. Why is that so hard to believe?”
“Stark what’s that in your arms?” Clint said looking manically gleeful, visibly holding his laughter.
“You told me I hadn’t tried everything. What do you mean I haven’t tried everything? What haven’t I tried yet?”
“Am I not supposed to be worried about you?”
On his 13th birthday, he had enough. Tony started stripping away his room of all his Captain America stuffs. He stripped down every poster, threw away every comic book, and even broke all his Captain America action figures. But the last thing that Tony couldn’t bring himself to destroy was Cap. The stupid Captain America special edition bear has been with him since his 5th birthday and he still took great care of the stupid bear. Eventually he gave Cap away to Dum E for “safekeeping” and went on his life forgetting all about it.
“Well..” He took a peek at Steve who is still doing his best impression of a boiled octopus, face turning red all the way down to his neck while still clutching tightly at his coffee cup. “I destroyed all of it after the billionth time Howard spent his time out in the sea.” He sighed. “I mean it’s all probably in my files guys, you can read it yourself about my daddy issues and dear old cap here.”
“…you wouldn’t.”
“YOU SLEEP WITH IT? THIS IS THE BEST DAY OF MY LIFE!” Clint laughed so hard he tipped himself over the sofa. Serves him right.
“Right, I caught his act at Stuttengard.”
Rogers suddenly looked super overwhelmed and Tony mentally slapped himself on the forehead. Of course. This 27 years old guy just got catapulted 70 years into the future, given a spandex costume and immediately told to fight aliens. Of course he has questions. Hell, he probably needs a fucking therapist to unload at but which therapist can fully understand his situation?
Tony gaped at him.
“Who do you think invented all those things, hmm?” Steve smiled sweetly.
“Aren’t you disgusted by my childhood worship of you? The fact that I collected all your merch and stuff? And that I resented Howard for trying to find you in that ocean?”
“Sometimes there isn't a way out, Tony.” Rogers said gently. “Is this the first time you've lost a soldier?”
Steve just smiled even wider than before. If he was a Golden Retriever, he would be barking and wagging his tail so hard.
“Sleep with me?”
Tony shrugged. ”I don’t know where you get your information, but he wasn’t my biggest fan. He was cold, he was calculating. He never told me he loved me. He never even told me he liked me, so it’s a little tough for me to digest when you’re telling me he said the whole future was riding on me and he’s passing it down. I don’t get that. You’re talking about a guy whose happiest day was when he shipped me off to boarding school.”
Finding out that the real Captain America is still alive and well and so fucking good looking is another bombshell that Fury, that fucking cyclops, forgot to mention to Tony. Meeting the real Captain America on the other hand, is not a fucking pleasant experience to say the least. Tony had put behind all of his worshipping days behind him, but childhood trauma of being compared to “the greatest human being alive ever” constantly by Howard is not something that he could overcome that quickly. And so, on the helicarrier when Rogers was being all righteous and talking all batshit about “laying down the wire” Tony couldn’t resist taking his own jabs on him and retaliated viciously. Then the explosion happened and they both snapped out of the scepter’s influence and quickly rushed away to fix helicarrier’s engine. Another day in the job for Iron Man and Captain America.
And here he thought he got a great thing going with Steve. That it could lead somewhere. Now because of his own fucking stupidity, he ruined it. Like he ruined his relationship with Pepper, and Ty, and Whitney, and dozens other. Great job, Tony. He hugged Cap close to his chest, turned him over and gently brushed away the fur around his eyes. “Just you and me Cap. Just like old times.” He smiled sadly.
“I’ll have you know, I probably had the best and most complete Captain America memorabilia ever back then.” He smiled, remembering some of his best childhood memories.
“Welp this is your floor, you room is at the back, bathroom that way, kitchen this way, yadda yadda you can ask about the rest at Jarvis, he’ll help you with everything else. Bruce, Nat, and Clint’s floors are below yours, and my floors on the penthouse. Team meetings and team dinners take place on the shared floor, you’re welcome to use any of the food in the shared floor, keep in mind though, Hulk and Natasha does NOT like to share. Any questions?”
Natasha slapped him across the back of his head. “OW WHAT THE HELL NAT??” “You’re stupid.” Nat said, munching on her own popcorns. “I kinda agree with that sentiment.” Bruce added, still fully immersed on the movie. Thor nodded sagely while smiling at Tony. “Me too!” Clint chirped. Assholes.
“That’s what I thought. Go to sleep okay? I promise we can have that date as soon as you woke up Tony.” Steve smiled gently while petting his hair. That feels really nice, and Tony doesn’t want to be separated from Steve just yet.
Tony bristled. “So? I had Jarvis restore him after I got him back obviously because I ain’t going to sleep with a bagful of mothballs and tattered fabric. I have more respect for Cap than that.” He replied snobbily.
“Oh, I definitely will. Nat introduced Bruce and Clint to herbal tea the other day and that’s what we’ve been drinking as a coffee substitute.”
“That thing on your chest is based on unfinished technology.” He explained as if Tony didn’t know his own tech and its history.
“Wait, what? You’re worried about me?” he asked incredulously.
“You mean Nat forced everyone to like her herbal tea.” He said suspiciously.
Tony would say that his one true best friend will always be Rhodey, his honeybear, his platypus. But Steve is also becoming a strong contender for that title. They spent a lot of time together, discussing the most recent battles strategies and how to improve, discussing modern pop cultures, introducing Steve to modern cultures and technologies (“That machine LITERALLY just spit out money Tony! ACTUAL MONEY! HOW?” “That’s an ATM for you grandpa, now come along before I have to bail Captain America out for trying to rob an ATM.”) and over time, they got even closer. Like very close. Like THAT close. Enough for him to comfortably call Steve sweetheart in the morning when he got him his first cup of coffee and Steve just smiled fondly at him while blushing slightly (Clint went by and whispered something at Steve that made him blush furiously and left the room quickly with red face. Tony just looked at the scene confusedly while Clint doubled over laughing on the kitchen floor.). Tony, genius that he is, could not figure out whether the good captain is truly flirting with him sometimes or Steve is just a truly nice guy who is starved for contact after spending 70 years in the ice. Either way, he is not complaining, he’s just sexually frustrated.
“As a matter of fact, I did. He was one of the founding members of SHIELD.” He said while picking up something from inside that box. “And I also think that this actually belongs to you and not to him right Tony?”
What if Steve didn't want to be friends with him anymore because he was a sissy?
Anyways, I'm dropping lots of hints on who is what in the prologue. Have you made any connections or guesses as to which character is which element? Drop a comment >;3
Steven Rogers had three different names growing up: Son, Lost, and Orphan.
"I-I'm... I'm sleeping?" Tony asked, his lip trembling slightly, feeling as though Steve were admonishing him, or perhaps, terrifyingly, teasing him about staying in the room, ready to make fun of Tony for being such a baby and send him back out into the darkness of Steve's home.
“I’d hope so, but Thor and Bruce seem to be-”
Steve looked up and sighed, turning to Sam.
“It's okay that we never got to do that in life. I’m okay with that, because you had Morgan, and Peggy was my girl. But… now… now I don't see why not.” He said gently, and when Tony didn't respond, he swallowed and looked away.
When tiny Steve Rogers had invited Tony Stark to a sleepover, he couldn't anticipate... well, anything.
“I’m sorry…” He wasn’t quite sure what he was apologizing for, though. Perhaps it was for making Steve blow up, or maybe for haunting Steve’s life, a life that was supposed to be happy.
And yet, here he was; his stomach was dropping, bile rolling up his throat, his feet turning inside out, his Kindness Teeth rotting inside his mouth. His skin danced, but not with the excitement a fully grown man with pulsing testosterone would get when asked to fuck their girl in the ladies restroom. It was more of a really sad, tripping-over-your-feet-embarrassing slow-dance, and you were doing it with your grandmother and she kept gripping you too hard and thinking you were her husband from the 40’s that died 30 years ago.
“What the
Thor was strong. Jane liked that most about her boyfriend. Not only was he gorgeous, beautiful, and sometimes a little too crazy, she felt safe. Anyone who talked to Thor felt safe. That was a normal feeling, to feel completely safe, grounded, even if you weren’t physically wrapped in his arms. Thor had this thing, Jane supposed, where if you clung on long enough his warmth could probably melt both of you like hot wax, and you’d become one.
“Stay. With me. Please.” He said softly, stepping close.
“I lived. I got that life you told me to get.” Steve said softly, pausing just a few short inches in front of Tony, looking down at him with a gentle expression.
Despite all this, Steve hadn't realized he'd been painting a complete stranger. He didn't know Tony personally, just the character he played on the stage that was the world, and that character was always blue, bold, and loud.
Steve’s final name was Orphan.
Silence fell between them and Tony felt a small smile creep to his mouth as his mother’s face pinched up in adorable frustration, tapping her fingernails against the fridge door, studying the inside of the fridge.
But Thor didn’t.
Since then, he had been moving back and forth. Adoption never presented itself, and Steve lived most of his life surrounded by other kids who couldn’t breathe by themselves, couldn’t walk by themselves, couldn’t think by themselves.
So why was he sitting there in his seat, supernova bursting in his stomach, terrified and clammy? Because Thor Odinson was made to love a woman, surely, was made to praise the ground she walked on, kiss her dainty fingers, stroke her thin neck with his own mouth. He was made to paint a girl with love and ravishment. He was made to do that.
Of course, how could Thor not know? How could you not know you were gay? It’s something that kind of just happens, right? You just feel it? You don’t taste ice cream and sit there, waiting for your taste buds to nod their head yes or shake their head no. You’re supposed to know! You’re supposed to get it instantly!
His teddy bear.
"The other room is-is very dark, and-and I don't-is it-can I stay in here?" Tony whispered shakily, his voice wet, and slightly overcome with the idea of having to ask at all. Tony knew what would happen if he even dared shuffle into the room of his parent's in the dead of night, and the idea that Steve might react the same way had the poor boy on edge, but ready to run from any hands that may attempt to reach his face.
“Do you want me to?” Steve asked, looking at his feet.
to be here.
And Jane was surely more worthy than any of them.
Maria sighed softly and brushed a stray hair from her bun, smiling at Howard and walking over to kiss his cheek. “Hi sweetie.” She smiled. Howard smiled gently down at her, but flickered his gaze to his son, smile quickly disappearing.
“I told you-”
“Mom.”
also, be prepared for changes in which character we follow.
"Steve seems like a real kind young man from how much you have talked about him. I'm sure one small mistake you make tonight will not ruin anything between you, and that is to say, you
Steve Rogers was not the only big and broad new student at Tony’s High School. Thor Odinson was a foreign exchange student, and much like Stark, had a smile that drew people in. His presence was electric, and he smelled like the Sun, tasted like the ocean. Talking to Thor was like driving through a storm; you got distracted easily, and then suddenly you’ve gotten whiplash from moving too fast, thus slipping off the road and heading towards a nearby cliff, where you would dive into the sea if you hadn’t stopped so abruptly at the edge. Sometimes, though, with how alluring that thunderous glow that radiated from Thor’s skin and his hearty laugh, people were tempted to jump that cliff, and let the sharp waves embrace them. Being next to him was like drowning, but the good kind, the kind where you grew gills and let the salty sea fill your lungs and you breathed him in, and he wrapped around you.
A moment’s pause passed between them, and Tony stood in the sand, before stepping forward and placing a hand on his shoulder, because who was he to take away Steve’s heaven? Nobody just decides to spend the rest of eternity with their bestie on a whim. Steve wanted to be here.
She looked back down at the keyboard fondly and began to sing softly. Tony felt himself drift from reality, allowing her words to carry his body into the couch, laying back and fluttering his eyes shut.
Thor pulled people in with his Kindness Teeth, his Kindness Mouth, his Kindness Laugh. Everything built from the bottom of his throat to the top of his eyes were just aching to tell you something. He smiled at every passerby, every bird that flew above his head, every piano key his mother played, every tiny puddle after a rainstorm. Thor smiled like no one else, and not even Stark or Rogers could take down Odinson’s iconic brand. He was wholesome, sweet, a practical puppy.
“What?”
“You think Bruce or Thor will ever get here?” He asked. Steve simply shrugged.
"Tha's okay," He said, situating Tony's head to rest on his chest, his own arms curling around Tony's shoulders. He kissed his head and snuggled him close, mimicking the movements his mother had practiced on him time and time again for whenever they snuggled together.
Innuendos. Except, Tony didn’t laugh this time.
Steve continued to stare at him longingly, tilting his head meaningfully.
His fingers itched for a moment and he glanced up at Tony very briefly, before resting his gaze upon him. He was laughing, smiling at Bruce Banner, who looked absolutely grumpy. Steve took note to ask what was wrong later, but for now he focused his attention on Stark
“But Tony, I saw worlds, timelines where you and I fall in love, over and over again.” He swallowed.
Thor had definitely made Jane feel open, free, and alive on more than one occasion.
It was chaste, gentle, and sweet, and when they pulled away they let out a soft breath, chuckling into each other’s mouths and resting their foreheads together.
Sorry it took so long to upload. I know there isn't much plot yet, but I promise it'll start picking up soon.
Maria was pacing in the living room, mug to her chest. In response to Howard, who had made his sudden, quiet appearance, she turned to look at Tony, who came into view just moments later, standing at the doorway between the living room and kitchen. “Hey, dad.” Tony gave him a grin, but it never met his eyes.
This is definitely more of a stony story, but i love thunderscience too. I'm not sure about clintasha and I'm taking winterfalcon out of this story (sorry my sambucky babes! it's just too much to focus on). What do you guys think?
And then, Tony tore his gaze away to see the Sea, who crashed himself into the Sand. There they go again, except if you looked close enough, if you knew, you would see that the Sea crashed into the Sand only because he craved the mysterious Moon, who cascaded his light onto the Sea. He wasn’t enough for the Sand or the Sky, but he was enough for the Sea, who simply acted and thought of him, how he made him feel, how he made him tug, pull back, push forth-
Tony wasn’t sure of anything. Tony wasn’t sure which one he was, the Moon or the Sky, the Sea or the Sun, the Cement or the Sand, or maybe just the Stars who seemed more distant, far away, and lost than any of the 6.
But surely that couldn’t be possible. Surely there wasn’t a thing wrong with the calculation in his dick when God had decided to program him, wasn’t a thing wrong with his organic chemistry. Thor Odinson, broad shoulders that were made for women to cling to, massive hands that were made to tug at long hair, his hard muscles, chiseled jaw, harsh cheekbones and a golden set of hair that were made to get thick with sweat when touching a girl, was supposed to fuck women. He was the perfect male, designed without a flaw. His Kindness Teeth were perfected to bite into tender, soft skin as opposed to rough, tough skin that a boy would have. Thor Odinson couldn’t possibly be anything other than the epitome of heterosexuality.
“I want an ‘I love you.’”
Tony frowned just slightly, before tensing and turning in his chair, the weight of his movements creaking the wood and sinking it further into the muddy, ocean-kissed sand.
Steven Grant Rogers was his full name and he didn’t like Steven or Grant, but he liked Rogers. Roger this! Roger that!
"Here, with you, Tony."
Steve relaxed under his hand, and turned to him, smiling weakly.
They were just flings, all the Stars in the Sky. They dotted along her uncovered body, leaving marks, bruises, scratches, heart aches. When the Sun was there, they were hidden, but when he left, they were there. They’d keep her company, for a while, but they were clearly out of reach. Far out of reach. The Sky could never feel the same way she felt with the Sun, who always left her every evening, cheating to the other hemisphere, cheating to the Earth, cheating to the Sea. He’d cheat and cheat and cheat and the Sky, the Sky was so desperately dependant, so desperately in love.
“Tony… You
“You want something.” She said.
And this was where things got unbelievably fucked. Well, definitely not literally; figuratively.
Tony looked over and smiled right back.
"Steeb?" He asked.
“Even in death, I can’t escape your sorry asses.”
Finally reaching his friend's door, he gently knocked, before pushing in and swallowing as he watched Steve's sleeping form rise and fall under the blankets.
“Everything always leads back to you. Your future, my new future. The universe could never let me get away.”
But he didn’t quite know that yet.
Later that evening, when the tides grew stronger and the ocean swallowed the sun, Steve and Tony found themselves content in sitting in the sand while Natasha did handstands on the beach, elegantly and gracefully walking her fingers along the mud.
“Good one.” He complimented and Maria rolled her eyes, getting up and pushing the front wrinkles of her pencil skirt down, taming them to fall immaculately across her long legs as she stepped from the bench. “You could’ve learned piano too, y’know.” She said sweetly, walking over and leaning down to kiss her son’s forehead.
“Go Fish.” He said into the palm of his hand, staring down at his own cards. Each one had a different cartoon fish, all labeled with both the scientific and normal names of the individual species. It was silly, but he and Morgan used these cards all the time when they played together, and Natasha didn’t seem to mind. She smiled, actually.
Well, okay, it
“Knock it off.” Steve rolled his eyes and looked back down at his art, closing up the sketch book and tucking it back into his bag.
Tony knew his mother’s habits like the back of his hand, how she would go to the fridge and pout and stare, stuck in between stress eating or stress cooking. It was an adoring habit.
“Oh c’mon, don’t tease the poor guy. Everyone looks at Steve.” Natasha smiled and Bucky nudged Sam. “Awe, but we all know Tony. He’s got his eye on youuuu-”
“Eh, you know we’re not gonna be there for just two-”
Thor Odinson is electric and enticing. Tony goes home and falls in love every time.
There was something else on his mind, unfortunately. Something he was nervous about, and when he thought about it, it sent his pulse racing and his heart skyrocketing in his small chest.
“We’re so dumb.” Tony blurted, and Steve laughed a little louder, his grin spreading wider.
Get ready for mushy mama love. Yeah, i'm a big baby and i literally love my mom so much hsbshbadhsdbd, so this is purely innocent, mother and son admiration bc Tony is a big mama's boy.
Steve didn’t like school. He didn’t care all that much for chemistry or physics, didn’t mind math. History presented itself to Steve because history was a story, you just had to tell it right.
Steve
Jarvis smiled at the boy and reached over, cupping his cheek.
"Mm?" The blonde mumbled, sitting up and rubbing his eyes, a small pout forming on his little pink lips.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony, we get dinner once every week. Just once-”
Or maybe it was all just about perspective.
Tony really loved his mom.
“But I missed you. Throughout all of it. I missed you so much. And when Peggy died…. I didn’t see much point in staying.”
But now Tony was shifting anxiously in the bed, which he occupied
SORRY THIS TOOK SO LONG I HAVE NO EXCUSE BUT I DO HAVE THE WHOLE PLOT FINISHED SO I KNOW WHAT IM GONNA BE WRITING SO LITERALLY ALL MY WRITER'S BLOCK WILL JUST BE FROM LAZINESS AND NOT JUST FROM NOT KNOWING WHAT TO WRITE OKAY BYE
Natasha was always a dark, glowing red surrounded by stars scattered along the most fragile parts of her. Her skin was a vibrant moon blue, but she was almost always exclusively warm colors and had a thing for eliciting purples under the reds she exhibited. Sometimes when she smiled she turned orange and made the world turn grey in comparison. That's what Steve liked about her; she was fierce and gentle and had hidden things under her skin and inside her mouth. She could be any color if she tried hard enough, though it honestly depended on the time of day. When she was that deep, beautiful scarlet red, though, it was when Steve was dipping into her embrace, squeezing the colors out of her aura.
Alcohol was just that; poison. Poison all over, disease, death, a one way ticket to dead town.
Thor deemed everyone worthy of his love.
The two stared at one another, Steve’s eyes gentle and full of an ease Tony had never been blessed with, neither in life or even now. The genius flustered and squirmed under his all too caring gaze, and cleared his throat, looking away once again.
“Hey, mom.” He said warmly, walking into the open space where his mother played, notes twisting through the air and lifting Tony off his feet. His mother perked up and smiled at her son gently, seeing him linger around the couch before sitting down, relaxing a little bit.
“Guess I am.” He said softly.
“No,” Steve said softly. “Just 5 seconds.”
Steve knew Tony's eyes were brown, and from this distance he improvised. He painted Tony's eyes with golds, and honestly Steve almost melted at that. Gold was just Steve's favorite thing, and he made sure to go back and highlight Tony's skin with gold too, though it wouldn't be too noticeable against the yellow glow. Only if you really cared to look would you see the detail. He added purple deep around his irises and painted dark brown as the flat color. Surrounding Tony's eyes was a deep green, just to top off that earthly vibe he seemed to be exuding today.
“She’s a genius, just like you.” He said.
Tony stared at him and swallowed thickly, before leaning forward and kissing him gently on the mouth.
Tony turned to look at Steve, the way his hair draped across his pillow, and the way his small frame lifted and fell under the covers.
Before Tony could continue to spiral, the car abruptly stopped and Jarvis looked up into the rearview mirror, smiling gently at the boy.
Perhaps the Sun and the Sea had a thing? A secret thing. The Sun always seemed to try to escape the Sky. However, the Sun only came by once or twice a day to kiss the Sea along a horizon, and even then, was he really doing that? Was he really kissing the Sea, or was it just a trick of the mind? Flat-Earthers might say that the Sun was, in fact, kissing the Earth, but if you didn’t believe in that kind of thing, you’d know that if you walked a long time, you’d see a change in perspective-the Sun never kissed or touched the Sea, it just looked like he did.
Being a soldier was mechanical.
IM SO SORRY FOR NOT UPLOADING. I FINISHED MY LAST DAY OF CLASS ABOUT 2 WEEKS AGO AND I'VE BEEN DRAWING AND CHILLING LOL, ANYWAYS I HOPE YOU LIKE THIS ITS KINDA SHORT AND SWEET BUT TRUST ME I HAVE A PLAN FOR THIS STORY AND IT'S GONNA BE GREAT!
“Why don’t you ask him?”
But don't go thinking Tony Stark is special. Steve had done this to all his friends.
“Did you even hear what I said?” Sam frowned and Steve turned a darker shade. Tony had really taken a lot of his attention.
Tony gasped and jerked back. “Steven Grant Rogers, you
Steve, Roger That!
Steve didn’t look up from his drawing, and raised an eyebrow curiously to the page. “Who?”
He was allergic to her.
Bucky was blue, brown, and white, much like Sam's gold, red, and brown. Steve had known James the longest out of everyone at the table, therefore being the first person he ever painted. He had been painting him for a long time, but never seemed to be able to break out of the comfortable shell that was Bucky's natural aura. It was almost uncomfortable to think Bucky could be anything else other than the browns that shaded his blue frame and the glittering whites that highlighted him. Bucky was charming, sweet, adorable, and kept Steve's feet grounded to the earth. He was a ship made of logs, sitting at sea against the salty wind of the world. He was easy, searching, longing, and Steve could see that unending curiosity that had been embedded in his eyes from long ago.
“How on Earth have you come to a conclusion such as that.”
How he could be doing anything else, something else, other than walking into the ladies room to find a girl he was supposed to love, and sink his Kindness Teeth into.
Tony’s smile fell slightly, as the implications of his statement fell upon him. “We could have had something, once upon a time.” He said, and then his expression fell even more. “But now-”
The waves crashed at their feet, and Tony would have usually stumbled, but Steve kept them steady as he held the smaller man close to him. Tony looked younger, like the weight of the world had never settled on his shoulders, or buried deep into the bags of his eyes. His frown lines had disappeared, and his hair was curly and thick on his head, the darkest brown it had ever been. Steve loved it.
The looks, Steve noticed, did grow longer.
Thor was painted with lightening. His skin was rough, etched, and always so visibly intense. He was grey and stormy, but not angry. The outline of his body was a sunny yellow, one you'd see midday, and the tips of his body glowed a soft blue that Steve enjoyed highlighting his eyes with. Inside this blue were waves upon waves of the ocean crashing into the earth, dancing roughly inside his skin. Racing around Thor's frame, from his throat to his hips to his arms to his wrists and legs and feet, was sharp lightening. The intensity of a thousand Gods and Suns were no match to Thor's personality, and though Thor was always bubbly and vibrant, his natural way with the world was gentle, stormy nights at sea. Instead of bath bubbles, he created sea foam that kissed the sand.
Tony knew they only spent time together because Maria liked to convince herself Howard was still in love with her. Tony wished he could assure her that he did, and that Howard was just a busy guy, but what could Tony really say when he knew how it felt to be unloved by Howard Stark?
And if he told himself that enough, he could start to believe it!
“Oh God, now you’re the one staring.” Sam whined and threw a carrot at him. Steve was broken from his painting and he blinked rapidly, turning his attention back to his friend. Taken from the world he had been addicted to, reality fell into place, and Tony Stark, as Steve gave him one last glance, was no longer covered in vines and vibrating a golden glow. He was no longer teasing him with his eyes and quirked mouth. Stark was just Stark, sitting across the lunch room, conversing and nodding as Stephen seemed to have his attention.
Steve tucked him in gently with his weighted blanket and Tony instantly started to feel the fatigue from his wokshop binge. He yawned so hard his jaw cracked.
“Whatever stupid merchandise they came up with that was Cap themed I have it in my bedroom.”
“Enjoy your evening’s entertainment Stark.” He smiled down at the bear still gripped tight in Tony’s hands. “You’re lucky you still have those, there’s only a few left that is still in mint condition like yours. Take good care of it.” He said while leaving.
“Are you that guy? Are you? ‘Cause if you are, then you can solve the riddle of your heart.”
“I like you too, shellhead.”
“Well, then, clearly you knew my dad better than I did.” Tony said, raising one of his eyebrows, wondering what exactly made Fury suddenly more amused than ever.
And so The Avengers, no
Fury smirked wider. “That’s fucking adorable Stark. I’ll tell you where I found him. Right there in a box filled with your father’s memorabilia labeled Tony. Figured you might also want to watch that video tape he left you in that box.” He said while patting Tony’s shoulder. “Believe it or not, that man may not be father of the year material, but he was still a decent man.”
“I am really feeling the love here Steven.” He grumbled. “You better ask me out for real after I’m done with this stupid bullshit.”
“Tony please just come upstairs. You need to eat real food, then you can sleep in a real bed. After that I want to talk to you, okay?” Steve started to drag him bodily towards the elevator. Tony started struggling in his hold which just made Steve more annoyed. He eventually picked him up and carried him in a princess hold.
“That’s adorable Tony, do you still keep all of them?” asked Nat.
“I’m sorry.” Rogers looks down to the same spot that Tony was looking at. “He seemed like a good man.” He offered.
“He made it personal. That’s Loki’s point. He hit us where we live. Why?”
Well, he just found out a new element, saved his own life in the process, and saved the world from the clutches of the evil bully Justin Hammer (which actually reminded Tony of another stupid bully by the name of Justin. At this point Tony’s convinced that all Justins are assholes.) and saved Pepper. All in all, not a bad job for Tony and Cap at this point.
It was Steve’s turn to choke now.
”Tony, please stop avoiding me.” Steve suddenly said from somewhere to his right.
“What? What’s in my arms? Are you getting blind birdbrain, it’s obviously my Starkpad…” he looked down at what he is holding.
” Tony shrieked hysterically.
“Truly sorry sir. The security camera on the elevator is suffering from a minor malfunction, and hence no recording of Captain Rogers saying “Fuck” was saved.”
Tony looked down at Cap, “Right, Cap.” He brushed the fur away from his eyes. “There, you can see now. Let’s get to work.” And he got to work.
The mood went somber like in someone’s funeral. Steve is now looking so pale, like he’s about to throw up. “Tony…”
“Yeah I will, thanks for the heads up.” His smile got wider. Fuck.
“That’s not true” Fury said while smirking, looking at the content one of the box the fucking agents brought into his house.
Tony was dumbfounded by all of these revelations, he could only stare at Fury while gripping Cap tightly in his hands. “I-..I what?”
Jarvis chuckled looking at his antics. “Well young master, I supposed you’d have to take great care of him always then so he could always see, hm? Here, I’ll teach you how you can help him see out of his long furs.” Jarvis grabbed the bear gently and held him with one hand. His right hand gently brushed away the furs around the bear’s eyes and he gave him back to Tony. “There, now he can see well Young Master.” Tony grabbed the bear excitedly where he could see the bear’s beady eyes clearly. “Yes! Now you can see well! Thank you Jarvis!” he said while running out of the kitchen and into his room where he could have grand adventures with the bear.
“I KNOW!! They were talking about it on the TV and dad actually got me one!” Tony gave Jarvis the bear so he could inspect it more closely and feel as excited as he was. Jarvis took the bear and looked closely at it, taking great care to run his hands along the long fur of his bear and picking off any pieces of lint tangled in it. He noticed that the bear had such long furs around his face that some of it were actually covering his eyes. “Young master,” he said. “I believe your bear’s fur is way too long around his eyes, I’m afraid he couldn’t see well. Would you like me to cut it a bit so he could see better?”
“Jarvis, workshop. And full lockdown mode, nobody goes in without the Alpha override.”
“Sure, Tony.”
“You old horndog, I just meant to sleep Steven. I am way too tired to perform sexual acts with you just yet and I want to give you the whole Tony Stark experience.” He said while yawning.
“Of course sir.” Jarvis replied curtly.
“What even- Tony no!” Steve said, putting him down so he could grab his face and look at him intensely. “Sure I was embarrassed that you collected my stuff when you were a child, embarrassedly happy that the fella I like right now worshipped me as a hero when he was a kid.” He chuckled a bit.
“Eat up. And don’t even think about getting a cup of coffee, I will chuck all of the coffee bean in this tower into the garbage disposal if you even touch the coffee machine.” Steve smiled sweetly at him.
“Tony, I never knew you were a cap fanboy as a child.” Bruce said while smiling. “Were you a collector during your childhood too?”
Rogers blended quickly with the team. Over time, he spent most of his time sketching in Tony’s workshop, keeping him company or even playing with Dum E, Butterfingers, and U. He made a cartoon sketch of Dum E one time and Dum E promptly snatched his sketchbook away from Rogers. Dum E made him run around the workshop a few times before he managed to finally caught him. Tony laughed so hard at the ridiculous sight of a super soldier running around his workshop, trying to catch his dumb bot and Rogers looked mad for a second, but then he also smiled and laughed heartily. That was the day that Rogers became Steve and Stark became Tony.
“Stop, just- stop, back up a little bit here.” He said while moving away from Steve’s embrace. “’The fella you like’?? Steve do you like me?”
“Neither am I! He's got the same blood on his hands as Loki does. Right now we've got to put that aside and get this done. Now Loki needs a power source, if we can put together a list…”
“NO” cried Tony while grabbing his precious bear away from Jarvis. “Dad always said that he’s the perfect soldier, he doesn’t need anything fixed ever!” He hugged the bear close to his chest.
Rogers raised his eyebrow at Tony. “Sonofabitch!”
“No, there was uh.. cellist, I think.” He answered with a frown.
“…tiring and also eye-opening. Stark can you just show me around to my room? I want to take a shower and a nap.” Rogers asked, looking every bit of an exhausted 70 years old grandpa that just babysat his unruly grandchildren. “Why captain if you want to take me to your room you should have bought me dinner first.” Tony waggled his eyebrows.
“Thank you for the assist Jarvis, I appreciate it.” Rogers grinned.
“Yeah. That's just a preview, this is opening night. Loki's a full-tilt diva. He wants flowers, he wants parades, he wants a monument built in the skies with his name plastered…”
“Young master, that looks like an excellent bear. I believe it is the limited edition Captain America bear they released for the 30 years anniversary of the dear Captain’s passing.” Jarvis said with a small smile upon looking at Tony with his prized bear.
“But then you told us about Howard, and I was mortified to hear that the reason you didn’t have a happy childhood with your own dad was because of me… and the fact that I acted like an asshole to you in the beginning of our friendship made me even more mortified. Here I was trying to antagonize you, thinking you were such an asshole about everything and especially about Howard, when it turns out you deserve to hate me. How couldn’t you hate me? I made your childhood a living hell! And yet you open up your home to me, you talk to me when I just had a nightmare. Tony, you gave me a home here.”
“You- you’re tired Tony, you need to rest-“
Tony choked on his own spit.
“..yeah okay, sure.” Steve lifted the blanket and slip into the bed with Tony. Tony immediately cuddled up to Steve and he put his arm around Tony’s shoulders. Tony looked up to Steve’s face.
“You’re welcome Captain. Take a rest, you could join us on dinner today. Natasha is making her famous Borscht. Spoiler alert, it’s not so good but you can’t let it show on your face ‘cus Nat will kill you with the ladle.”
“Coulson was a collector,” She shrugged. “Showed me all of his collection sometimes during down times, although I must say, I have never seen this one model kept in such pristine conditions before.” She smirked.
“He said that you were the only person with the means and knowledge to finish what he started.”
Cap went with him to the boarding school Howard put him into on his 7th birthday. Even though he felt scared for going far away from his home for the first time, Tony also felt completely relaxed because according to Jarvis, he could take Cap with him. In that boarding school, Tony met with a bully for the first time ever in his young life. A boy in his class, Justin, called him a girl for always bringing “that doll” around wherever he went, even though Tony always hid Cap in his dorm room so other boys couldn’t steal him away from Tony. Tony always ignored all those insult and jabs at him. But when the bullies started to pick on someone else because Tony wouldn’t retaliate, he started fighting with them to keep their attention away from their new victims. He knew for a fact that Captain America would never stand down upon seeing injustice and bullies, and Tony would never let Cap down.
“How did you get in? JARVIS!”
” He screeched like a banshee.
Tony quickly backtracked. “WELL that was a fun way to announce my daddy issues to you guys. Thank you for the inquiry, I’m going back to work now. Toodles!” he said while quickly turning to the elevator.
Tony gulped.
On the 2nd summer since his father started going on these expeditions, he came back bearing a gift and a grim smile. “Here Tony, for you.” He said while gifting Tony a big box wrapped with colorful wrapping paper and a red ribbon on top. He quickly unwrapped it and found a big Captain America teddy bear, with fluffy fur that almost covered his beady eyes, complete with the full Captain America costume. “You got the Captain America bear!” shrieked Tony with glee, hugging the bear close to his chest. His father just grimaced and smiled bitterly at him. “At least this way one of us is more successful in finding him than the other. Take good care of him would you? Don’t lose him like I did.” “I won’t dad, thank you!” he said while running out of his father’s study to show Jarvis his new friend.
Steve’s heart swelled 10 times bigger and he smiled so wide. He tightened both his arms around Tony and settled down to sleep too.
“I got a two o’clock Stark, you’re good, right?”
“Right,” Tony said, turning to agent agent. “Please. First thing, I need a little bodywork. I’ll put in a little time at the lab. If we could send one of your goon squad down to The Coffee Bean, Cross Creek, for a Starbucks run, or something like that, that’d be nice.”
The brunette swallowed nervously, his body tense at the hold. He wondered if they would get in trouble for this, but Tony remembered the plenty of times he saw Clint and Natasha snuggling during naptime, so maybe this was okay?
“Then why did you go back-”
Tony glanced over to his bag and swallowed thickly as the car bumped along the road. He reached over and pulled the bag to his chest, desperately wanting to hold his teddy but knowing if anyone saw it, even Jarvis, he could risk having to go back home and leave it there.
“Cap, I know you’re great at pep talks, but this is way out of my depth. I don’t even have my lab or JARVIS-”
“Yes. We’re the Avengers.” There is a sort of thrill in hearing Natasha say that. Tony sees Steve turn to Natasha, a barely perceptible movement, and smile softly. It had been so long since they’d all been together. There was so much still left unresolved but that confirmation that they are still the Avengers is a form of acceptance. Despite everything, they are always going to be the Avengers, Tony included.
Up ahead, Tony thinks he hears Gamora sigh.
Until Steve had to fuck it up.
The fallout had been bad and Tony had gone off the radar, barely coping as he tried to help Pepper keep the company afloat. Of course, Stark Industries was the best at what it did (which was almost everything, now that they’d quit weapons developing) so things were more or less okay. Except for the part where the public still hated Anthony Edward Stark. They all had their different reasons, of course. Some of them were homophobic, some thought Iron Man was just for good press and Tony wasn’t even in the suit or wasn’t doing anything good, really while others were mad that he wasn’t stocking up the military’s weaponry anymore. Either way, he wasn’t in the mood to go up to a group of people who could potentially recognise him because one of them was cute (not cute, gorgeous, jaw-droppingly gorgeous) just to get yelled at or whatever.
“Steve? Hey, look at me.” They shift towards each other, an infinitesimal movement, an involuntary action. “You should have told me, yes. But you don’t have to beat yourself up about it. I could have been better about the Accords and Bucky, too. We both made mistakes, okay? And the thing is, we’ve forgiven each other for them. I forgive you, Steve. I forgive you because I know you’re sorry. And I don’t think there’s any point in getting stuck on the past. So we move on. Together.”
⁃ Steve Rogers
“Tony?”
“Have you spoken to him at all?” She doesn’t really seem to be that angry- more calculating.
(When the phone had finally rung, he’d been terrified. He’d heard Tony’s voice so many times over the past two years, but all those instances were from his various interviews and press conferences. It wasn’t the real Tony, but a cold, stoic facade. When it was Bruce’s panicked voice that came through, a part of him was almost disappointed before he’d put all those personal feelings aside and attempted to focus on the crisis.)
“I’m sorry-” he begins. The words come out loud, clunky, even. But their companions seem to have turned a deaf ear to their conversation, in order to give them some privacy.
Tony wonders how Peter is doing. Did he reach Earth safely? Is his Aunt alright? And his friends- are they there? He had grown to love the kid in the past two years. He smiles a bit at the memory of Peter sending him voicemails, of Peter making him proud and Clint looks at him a little strangely. He quickly schools his expression into one of nonchalance.
“God, Tony you don’t even have to ask and I would have offered myself to you.”
“Why don’t you come here and show me?”
“I saw you die. I saw you die more than
Tony was a little confused now. “Yes, Gorgeous, it’s your ocean-blue eyes I want. Pretty sure you’re not a woman or a dude with a metal arm.”
Yet something seemed off. Tony was wearing a black and white tux, which was extremely uncharacteristic. The Tony Stark Steve knew would come in the Iron Man armour or a painfully bright red tux or at least some kind of god awful bow tie that Pepper would hate. Everything was too quiet, muted somehow. The calm before a storm.
“That’s a terrible excuse. If you hadn’t just got your wedding crashed, I’d be yelling at you.”
“Sure didn’t look that miffed,” came Natasha’s voice. She had this way of making scathing and sarcastic comments sound like observations.
And then, he reforms.
“Wish I could say the same but you know, too busy making sure Spider-kid stays safe to catch a break.”
The tension in her body does not fade. Steve may not have a shield, but his body was weapon enough. He readies himself into a fighting stance, glancing at Tony. He really doesn’t want to fight but he will, if he has to. “My name is Gamora. You say you’re from Earth, Peter’s planet.”
“I am Gamora, of the Guardians of the Galaxy. You say you know Thor?” Gamora is in a fighting stance, but without weapons drawn. Not that Tony is deceived- he knows that Gamora is more than she seems to be. She seems like she has good reflexes, like she’s quick on her feet.
“Right. Let’s look for this soulbond thing of ours and then get out of here.”
Tony had gone completely white, the shawarma that he’d been so vigorously digging into suddenly abandoned. He’d said it out loud, of course he’d do something stupid like that.
“Tony,” he says, his voice surprisingly steady, a little deeper than usual as though he had just woken up.
Inside meant into a makeshift tent and Steve wonders what material they used to make it. He almost asks, but Pepper’s voice had sounded quite urgent. He remembers that Bruce and Thor would be here somewhere too, and he wants to meet them, but whoever this person is, they must be important. He’s sure that Tony also wants to meet Bruce because the two of them had been close before Banner had taken off.
“We need to look within ourselves? What does that even mean?” Steve asks, breaking Tony’s thought process.
“What?” And he was laughing now, which was great because it made his face open up and blonde hair flop to one side and blue eyes shine and...okay this was getting a little embarrassing. “Wait, are you hitting on me?”
“It’s fine, he’ll be rotting in a very secure prison. Besides, I don’t really care. Kinda finding it hard to be sad right now.”
, Steve thinks, but he can’t bring himself to blame Tony.
“Thought you stopped going by Captain America, Rogers.”
There was ring glittering on Tony’s finger- an engagement ring. It was a silver band with diamonds and it was all wrong, wrong, wrong. Tony was gold and rubies, red and gold, iron man.
“I don’t-you don’t have to break things off with him because you feel bad for me. I don’t want to intrude or anything. I didn’t mean to-”
“I hate you sometimes,” Tony suddenly says, his words flat as they pierce the silence. “You said that if we lose, we would do it together. But you weren’t there. We weren’t together. We were split up.” Steve doesn’t really know what to say, how to tell Tony how sorry he is, how to say that he wishes that he’d been there, how to tell Tony that in the end, he wouldn’t have minded dying if he’d been able to see Tony one last time. Steve doesn’t know how to tell Tony all the words he’d left unsaid for two years so he says nothing. “And I just- I just wish you’d trusted me with the Accords. You know we would have figured out a way to keep some of our freedom. We could have bargained and figured it out. We could have hidden Barnes and pretended as though he’d run away and gone off radar. We could have done
“Ah, yes. You and the Captain have something called a soulbond.”
“We. As in you and me. You’re not alone. And you didn’t have JARVIS or your lab when you built Iron Man. Focus on the things that you do know and then we’ll go from there, okay?”
But Steve’s silence bothers him for a reason he can’t really place. Maybe it’s just so out of place and Tony craves some normalcy right now. This, all of this, it terrifies him. Not knowing what to do terrifies him. But he’ll power through, he always does. And he’ll get them out, he has to.
“Okay, clear up one more thing for me. Why am I here?” Tony asks.
“Turns out he’d planned this with Hammer, they just messed up timing. It was supposed to be after the official ceremony as a distraction. Turns out Ty Stone actually hated me because of some rivalry between our fathers and he wanted to ruin my company.”
“Thank you, Tony.” Steve looks so sincere, Tony can’t move, can’t speak. He wants to kiss Steve. He looks beautiful like this and for a while, it’s like nothing has changed.
678 136 7092
“Ma’am,” he finally settles on, trying not to cower under the intensity of her gaze.
“Look, I love Ty but I do value your opinion. If you think I’m doing this wrong or going fast, then I’ll reconsider.”
“And why should we trust you?” Tony asks, his voice skeptical.
“Thought so.”
“I’m pretty sure you’re a little too drunk for that,” he replied, smiling. He looked very nice when he smiled. Tony wasn’t very sure why he was smiling, but he didn’t want it to stop.
Tony realises.
“Hey, slow down,” he says. “We’ll figure it out, okay?”
“Captain.”
“You’re pretty drunk, aren’t you?”
“No, I wasn’t. That’s not even why I was afraid. I was scared that you’d hate me, or leave me. I loved you. I was afraid of losing you. I was afraid because I know you’d have had a good reason to leave.”
“Well, first time for everything, huh. I’ve never been stuck in an orange dimension before. I might as well as hold on to the one thing that tells me I’m a genius in such a weird environment.”
“Why would someone want to talk to us? Or rather, who?” Tony asks. Steve had been wondering the same thing, but he’d been a little too afraid of Pepper to ask.
he had said. The words were so easy. They didn’t get caught up in his throat the way Steve’s words always had when he’d tried to tell Tony. That was the privilege of loving and being loved back, a privilege that Steve would never get, not from Ton, at least.
“Doctor Stark. I have like three PhDs. Why does nobody acknowledge that?”
In Siberia, Tony didn’t call him Steve. He didn’t really call him anything.)
“I woke up here, next to you. I’ve seen nothing else of this shithole and I haven’t met anyone either. I woke up barely a few minutes before you did, anyway. I think. I’m not sure how time works here.” He frowns then, and Steve can almost see the gears of his brain turning.
And then his phone rang and Tiberius Stone flashed across the screen. Steve could have heard the conversation if he’d tried but it wasn’t his place to intrude. And he couldn’t help but feel incredibly guilty because Tiberius would be heartbroken, surely, and it would be all because of him.
“He did
“I’ve always looked at you, Steve. I- are you saying that this whole time, I could have had you instead?”
Instead, he had nearly died in outer space after flying a nuke through a wormhole. And now, he’s back in outer space and Thanos is on Earth and any time now, there will be a snap and some of them will die.
“I wasn’t sure at first. And then I thought it would hurt you more if you knew. I was just making excuses for myself. Truth is, I was afraid of telling you. And I guess Captain America really was a coward in the end, huh,” Steve replies bitterly.
“You can’t possibly think that you love me, I mean, come on Steve, have you seen me?”
“Cap? Are you alright?” Tony’s voice is soft, cautious. Steve nods.
And that’s when it hits Tony. Steve’s been through this before. He’d woken up in an entirely new century, everyone he’d known gone. And there hadn’t been anyone to help him. There had only been SHIELD with its thick case files and ready missions. No wonder Steve had joined the Avengers. It had been a purpose. But after Loki, none of them had been there for him. Tony hadn’t been there for him.
Tony takes it.
“So, why’d you do it?” he finally asks.
“Forgive me for deceiving you, Captain, but this is an important matter. Do you really think the ones out there would send you in here like this if they had not been convinced that I pose no threat to you?”
“I’m just surprised,” Steve replied, which was honest.
“Yeah,” Steve breathes out, uncertainty and hope flashing in his eyes. But he smiles back.
“Doesn’t mean we shouldn’t try, anyway. Lead the way, Cap.”
“God, Steve, I would have gotten over it. I mean, I got over seeing the video right in front of me while simultaneously finding out that someone I trusted had lied to me and I’m more or less over it. Not that I’ve forgiven you. But I’m not angry anymore. It’s been a long two years.” Tony doesn’t know why he’s saying any of this. This is supposed to give him closure, technically. It’s supposed to feel cathartic. But it doesn’t, not really. Tony used to think of all the things he’d say to Steve if they met again. He’d wanted to hurt him, to yell. But now that Steve’s actually in front of him, he can’t bring himself to do any of it.
But he’d never imagined them to be this soft.
So there he was, two weeks later, unable to drink away his sorrows. Tony looked...well he didn’t exactly look happy, per se, but relieved. He looked a little lighter, less worried. The stress lines in his face seemed to have smoothened out. And of course he looked beautiful and Steve hated himself for noticing the way the tuxedo clung to those powerful legs and that stunning ass.
Steve isn’t sure what to say. Heck, he doesn’t even know whether he can still call her ‘Pepper’ or whether he should say Miss Potts.
“Alright, then I guess we won’t need celebratory shawarma when we’re done.”
“Alas, the Tesseract did not kill me. It sent me to Vormir, to guard the soul stone, to guide others to a treasure that I cannot possess. And when Thanos snapped, forgetting that the Soul Stone was flawed because of the impurity of his sacrifice, I was brought here, to the Soul Realm, once again as a guide.”
for it?”
“He’s…Rhodes, do you know where Ty Stone is?” There was some indistinct yelling. “Sorry, no clue. But he should be safe, I’ll go look.”
(Always, for Steve.)
He doesn’t hate Steve anymore, not that he ever really can. He just isn’t as angry as he had been at first. Knowing that those two years had been a lie did sting at first. But later, he realised that not all of it was a lie. There was one big lie but some of it was good, some of his memories were happy, some of their time had been real.
“Have you guys seen anyone else?” Steve asks Natasha.
“Steve, I’m not doing this out of pity. I’m doing it out of pure selfishness. I’m in love with you. I mean, our timing is terrible, but nothing changes how I feel about you and I thought Ty did but here I am, still irrevocably and irreversibly in love with you.”
i. gorgeous
“I’m sorry, Tony. I’m not going to ask for your forgiveness, though because I haven’t earned it back yet. But when we get home, if you will let me, I’ll do my best to earn it.” Steve sounds so painfully earnest and it tears at something in Tony’s heart.
“And you chose
“Lead the way, Romanoff,” he says. Gamora follows Natasha and they get lost in conversation. Tony won’t lie- seeing the two women being so friendly is a little terrifying; they could probably take over the world if they wanted to. Hawkeye, as always, is lookout, his keen eyes scanning the environment for threats.
“You love me?” And Steve’s voice was soft and fragile, like the words had barely made their way out.
“I have no idea how to do this. I’m a genius, and I don’t have a clue about this. What even is the scientific explanation for soulbonds? I mean, magic is just science we don’t know how to explain yet, but is this even magic? Should we ask Thor? Do Asgardians have a soulbond concept?”
That’s when he saw the person inside. They weren’t moving, but it didn’t seem like it was an Avenger, otherwise they would have said something. Besides, none of the Avengers would wear that kind of depressing black hood.
“I know, you don’t have to apologi-”
“We met Banner and Thor. And they said they met some others. They’re at the base. Who’s she?” Natasha answers, jerking her head towards Gamora, but Tony knew her well enough to recognise the suspicion in her eyes.
“When you called, I picked up immediately because all I wanted to do was hear your voice after so long. Sometimes, I watch your interviews and your speeches just so I know that you’re okay. When I heard heavy breathing, I thought you were injured or sick or dying and I stopped breathing for a second until Bruce spoke. I know we’ve had our differences and I’ve made mistakes but I missed you, Tony. And I truly am sorry for not trusting you. I didn’t want to leave you, not after everything you’d done for me. After New York, in the Avengers Tower, it was the first time I’d felt settled in this century. I respect you, Tony, and I’m sorry that I didn’t make it clear before.” Tony says nothing to that, which is understandable because what can anyone say when someone you hate basically confesses their love for you so once again, they walk in silence.
He- what?”
so we should, we should get out of here.”
(Except sometimes he did, or at least he had. Steve remembered those moments, moments when Tony would smile at him and call him Steve and Steve would let himself think that he could have had that for longer.
“I’ve loved you for so long. And I thought I loved Ty, enough to move on, but here you are, on what might have just been one of the worst days of my life and you’re telling me you love me and all I can think about is kissing you and then I realise I’m being unfaithful to Ty who, to be honest, hasn’t been the best boyfriend or fiancé, but I can’t. I’m not a cheater and-”
Tony’s eyelashes are clumped together. He’s beautiful, he really is, even after everything he’s been through, everything Steve put him through. But his eyelashes are clumped together and that only happens when he cries.
“I’m not very sure. Aliens, I could have handled. I knew this would have happened. But this?” Tony waves his arms around, pointing to their orange landscape. “Fuck if I know what I’m supposed to do now.”
“No, not for Barnes. I mean, for him too, but not just that. When you woke up, I could have been a lot more…sensitive. I kinda get it now, waking up in an entirely new world. I should have understood and I could have-” he trails off, because Steve is staring at him. They’re still walking, so it’s a little disconcerting. Tony looks away, fixing his eyes on the orange sand in front of him. He is suddenly aware of the fact that he is still in his suit and that it is heavy and uncomfortable. He braces himself for whatever Steve has to say next.
When Thor asked if there were any objections, there wasn’t silence, but laughter, coming from all the Avengers gathered there, like they found the very idea of someone objecting absurd.
So he willed his shaking leg to calm down. He tried to smile a little brighter. Even if he could never truly be happy for Tony, he wanted Tony to think he was. Tony shouldn’t have to worry about Steve on his wedding day. He watched the wedding, watched Tony and Tiberius look at each other in the eye. He heard the priest ask about objections.
Steve doesn’t see the snap. He’s lying in the dirt and he sees his best friend coming towards him. But he hears it. A clink of metal against metal, muted in the din of battle but it does not escape Steve’s ears. And then he feels himself disappearing, turning into dust like the ground below him. He thinks of rocks, then, of how they stand so strong under the sweltering sun even as they erode further day by day. The dust beneath him was once rock and stone. And now he shall join the earth, too.
“What are you talking about, Tony? You’re the bravest person I know. You’re brilliant and you’re funny. You were the first person who treated me normally and not like I was made of glass. And you gave me a home. And a family. I couldn’t possible not love you. I know I’m not the kind of person you’d like but that doesn’t make me love you any less. I mean, God, Tony you were getting
“Yeah, me too. I thought he’d break up with me, to be honest.”  He had gone soft and Steve was angry. He was angry at Tiberius Stone for not making sure that Tony knew how loved he was. Tony deserved to feel appreciated. Steve would have made sure that he knew. But Steve couldn’t do that except as a friend. It wasn’t his place, it was Tony’s fiancé’s place.
Tony doesn’t believe in fate or destiny. But if the Red Skull was right, then they exist and they are the sole reason he ever had any part of Steve.
Steve wasn’t someone who liked to drink. But there were times when he wished he could get blackout drunk and forget everything. This had happened only twice since he’d woken up in this new century and funnily enough, both times were because of Tony Stark. Surprisingly, none of these times were because Tony had driven him mad. No, he had long since stopped hating Tony’s intense urge to argue with every decision Steve made. In fact, they’d stopped arguing. Not completely, of course, but now their arguments were limited to teasing and friendly banter. And all the words Steve had said to Tony on the Helicarrier? They’d been forgotten and forgiven. To everyone, it was obvious that there was nobody Steve trusted out on the field more than Iron Man. They were
No, it was the least of Tony's worries. He was big enough to cut to the chase.
Finally, at the sound of the house clock chiming 12 AM, Tony got up from the bed Mrs. Sarah had so kindly made for him, and shuffled down the dark hallway separating his and Steve's room.
That one seems a little self explanatory, and he was 10 when Sarah died.
But he loved her.
Tony clamped his mouth shut, keeping himself from talking over her, which he had been doing.
What if Steve thought he was a big, dumb, cry baby because he couldn't sleep without his teddy?
Because Thor was not fucking Jane. Not today, certainly not during lunch.
“Sturdy.”
Promise this shit will get so good, just be patient. I'm gonna try and upload as regularly as I can, make sure I split enough time in my day to make room for drawing and writing. I start school in a month from now, so I cant tell you how regular my upload schedule will be but I wanna try my best and do this fic. I have a lot of ideas for it and I wanna complete something for once, haha.
And when they had sex… Thor felt as if he would burst into hives. He felt like he was going to combust, as if a star was collapsing inside of his chest and a supernova was expanding-it was expanding inside of him, but not in a fiery, red hot passion that he was supposed to be feeling. It was too hot. It felt like he was being burned from the inside out.
Probably too much.
Maria’s music guided Tony’s footsteps into the large mansion the way the smell of honey guided a bear to a bee kingdom. He floated on air, tension releasing from his core as a warm, happy, lovely feeling filled him from head to toe.
Joseph Rogers was supposed to do that.
He hadn't been ready to sleep alone, which, okay, Tony could do, but not in the unfamiliar darkness of Steve's home.
“You could have gone anywhere, made peace and rested in a place that reminded you of…. home,” Tony said, staring out at the pinking sky.
He didn’t breathe a word of it to his friends-they didn’t know his parents were dead or about his three other names. They didn’t know Steve liked to paint and deep down he wanted to live but life was a punishment and Steve knew that painting wouldn’t pay the bills, and if he joined the military there wouldn’t really be bills to pay.
Calm.
"You never make mistakes." His eyes twinkled, and Tony cracked a small smile.
Steve grinned. “Yeah. You’re stuck with us.” He said to him.
“Oh, so that’s the greeting I get?” Steve asked, walking over from where the ocean crashed into the back of his calves, soaking his sweat pants. He walked gracefully out of the sea, approaching the two and their table of Go Fish, all while Tony stood up and rushed over.
Tony realized, as he stepped onto the caressing Cement who hugged the Sand, that maybe the world was really just a huge, heaping mess of confused love.
“Stay,” Tony said, moving Steve’s shoulder so they could face each other.
“If you want me to go, then I will. For the rest of Time, you never have to see me again. I can leave if that's what you want.” He said hoarsely and stared out into the ocean.
Steve painted Tony in his mind.
Tony tried to tell himself that when he sat up from the Sand, who he felt so much sympathy for. Tony looked to the Sea in disgust, the Sky in earnest for her to realize that the Sun had only seen her as a best friend and nothing more, for the Sky to notice the Moon, who tried his best to be there for her but was so unsure. Tony looked to the Sand and wanted to tell her she was being lied to, but couldn’t bring himself to tear her heart out. He looked back to the Sea in confusion, and for a moment he understood. The Sea couldn’t help himself. He loved the Moon, and the Moon was lost most nights.
uhh idk how many of these I'll be getting out so cherish them while they last
“Yeah, but that was-”
"I protect you and keep you warm." He mumbled into his hair and sighed softly.
The ocean waves rippled, kissing the sand as she drew back and forth in the tide. The salt licked the wooden legs of his chair and the exposed toes of his feet. Occasionally, the ends of his grey sweat pants caught the splashes of the ocean’s personal game, the rocking back and forth in between the two figures sat on her beach, and the pull of the sun on the horizon.
“I also want out of dinner tonight.”
“-Didnt you want out last weekend?-”
Steve giggled sleepily. "What are you doing?" He whispered.
Tony’s gaze fell onto the Sea, who gladly pressed himself into the Sand. Now that was a man, feeding his partner all the love he could give, over and over again, salty kisses pressing into the grains, making her wet-
Much like his friends, Steve enjoyed drawing their colorful connection with the world, and boy, did he realize all too quickly that Tony was a living, breathing forest. Not just a forest, but also the mountains and caves and rivers that came with. He found himself painting growing plants, alive, sprouting from his skin, and flowers caressing across his hairline and wrapping around his wrists. Steve painted vines that curled along the curves of Stark's body, gripping him to the world. He was trees, branches and all, and he was grey skies too, rain falling onto high mountains in the distance, covered in white snow. He wanted those mountains on Tony's throat, starting at the base of his neck and blooming to the sky where the grey clouds faded under the glow of Tony's skin, as if his face were the sun.
"Yeah?"
He regretted his first thought, to think that the Sand, who enjoyed the kisses from the Sea, that the Sand would ever think about going for the Cement. They were just friends. The Cement stood by her side, smiled, laughed, and hugged the Sand closely.
“Is it true?” Tony asked. “That you saw us, falling in love?” He asked, voice soft with uncertainty, but also layered with hope. Steve nodded, stepping forward and placing his hands on Tony’s waist. Tony’s own went to his jawline, caressing his cheeks.
“-and you want out? You can’t spend two hours with your family?-”
Tony had never shared a bed with anyone, not even his own parents, or Jarvis (though there was a time which he tried, Jarvis quickly shooed him out of his room).
Son was Steve’s first name.
(See the end of the chapter for
You could say that perhaps, Tony was moving a little too quickly. He had never gone on a playdate with Steve, let alone with anybody at all, and already he was going to stay the night at his home?!
"Okay.." Steve said and scooted over to press himself against the wall, getting comfortable once again as he waited for the bed to dip under Tony's small weight. It never did. Curiously, Steve perked up and crawled back across the bed, peeking down at the floor and seeing Tony curling up on the carpet.
“What?”
It seemed Steve had far too much to be thankful for. Every second was something that he knew was making up for his parents. He had to appreciate what life gave to him because if he didn’t, it could all be taken away so quickly.
Tony took in a deep breath, wind flowing through his hair. The air tasted like pastel sunshine and his body felt like feathers, more so head a cloud, but his fingers the weight of a pair of loose, untied sneakers. Things were red and yellow and blue, a primary ordeal, and then they faded into secondary and tertiary, a world painted in a maximum color wheel, and in betweens, tints and tones and sweet, sweet shades. A color wheel in the surrounding at the dusk of time, a color wheel frozen and moving all the same above Tony’s dark, contrasting hair and olive skin. He didn’t blend very well with his surroundings, but typically Tony didn’t anyways.
Nat reached forward, took a card, and then leaned back as she looked at him gently, chewing her peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Tony felt the weight of his bag deepen in his lap, and he sniffled just slightly, quietly. He knew Jarvis wouldn't yell at him for crying, but Tony knew there were cameras in the car, and he couldn't risk his father seeing him cry.
Lost was both a short name and very much a current alias, though Steve preferred not to think about that one.
Tony popped an eye open and grinned widely at the affection. Tony’s smiles for his mother were far different than the ones at school, the rehearsed grins and staged fabrications. It was all for play and performance, never genuine.
Several moments passed until Maria closed up the song, and when the room fell quiet Tony let out a soft, relaxed sigh.
Anyone who didn’t like Thor was insane not to.
Odinson was confident like Stark, but levelheaded like Rogers. He wasn’t stupid, though he had trouble understanding American phrases sometimes, and had long gorgeous blonde hair that shocked you if you ever had the chance to run your fingers through it. His everything was electric, enticing, and his voice could melt glaciers it was so warm and heated. Every word of his was a blanket coming to tuck you in bed.
“Immortal?”
However, it became clear as Tony took a seat in the sand that there was, in fact, a fourth subject, who seemed far away. Did the Sky count as a fourth subject? They say that the Sky's the limit-which is complete bullshit, if you’d ask Tony, not that he liked space-but where exactly did the Sky begin? It seemed to Tony that, if you looked off into the horizon, you could see the Sky pressing against the Sea and-Oh. Another subject-the fifth. The Sun, trying to escape the sky by pressing into the Sea. If that wasn’t the epitome of innuendoes-no, no it was. Tony laughed to himself.
“Because you were dead, Tony!” Steve said, his frustration beginning to erase the gentle ease he had earlier.
“Why here?” Tony asked, turning his head to Steve.
“Why, a son can’t pay his dear mother a compliment?”
It felt like he trekked for hours to find the door that led to Steve's bed, which he surely wouldn't have remembered if he didn't have an eidetic memory of the home already (how was he supposed to know where the exit was if there were, perhaps, monsters under his bed and in his closet?!)
I totally forgot to tell you guys that this is a high school au
"Do not fear, Anthony. You are the sweetest, most intelligent boy I know. Anyone would love to be friends with you." He said sincerely and then ran his fingers through Tony's hair, which calmed the boy just a little.
“I mean, it, you know. You, being my home, being around every corner of my life,” He said. “I couldn't be happier with where I ended up." He swallowed and shifted just an inch closer to him.
So damn quickly.
Moments like these were rare, and Tony allowed himself to enjoy the feeling. A wave of brief nostalgia always stroked his spine, sending familiar shivers up his skin as the music reminded him of simpler times in his life, when things didn’t seem to particularly matter, and Tony was still allowed to play pretend.
A short biography on Steve before he decides to spend his time staring at Tony Stark.
Steve, embarrassed at being caught in the act of staring, blushed a gentle pink that scattered his light skin.
But Thor was different. He was inviting. He was loud. He treated every person the same, even if he didn’t know their name. He would laugh, clap your back, call you beautiful, tell you a story with just the same animosity that he would’ve told to anyone else. You would be too caught up in him to even question, to even doubt if you were his friend at all.
She was nothing without the Sun, just a dark canvas painted with the places where past lovers had touched her.
Well, Tony didn't mind, nor did he care about the opinions of others, thank you very much (or at least, that's what he repeated to himself all the way to Steve's house when Maria had told him as such)! No, no, no, Tony did not care! He didn't need to go on a playdate before a sleepover! He and Steve had played plenty of times at recess during school, so why should it matter whether he went to stay the night for a weekend!?
(See the end of the chapter for
Howard.
“Hm?”
Anthony Stark was a mama’s boy, and he wouldn’t deny it one bit. He was proud to love his mother the way lightning loved turning sand into glass.
Sam was velvet cake covered in sprinkles. His shades were always the deepest red, and his skin was the warmest chocolate brown and his highlights were not yellow, but gold. Steve would never say it, but Sam was particularly beautiful in this sense. His warm skin color outmatched anyone else's he had met, and Steve could imagine himself stroking gold onto his cheeks and eyelids. He could see golden flecks of stardust along the bumps of his spine, and could drag his own fingers across his collarbones, wrists and mouth with tainted gold. In the crevices of his skin, a red glowed against the chocolate brown, keeping him alive and healthy. Sam radiated smiles, was always painted with a sunflower in his hair, and breathtakingly alive. He was warm, so much warmer than any of Steve's friends. To say Steve was not attracted to his presence would be a lie.
For now, though, Steve felt the urge like so many other times when he painted live portraits, to get up and cup Tony's face, get into the whiff of the music that played from not only his mouth, but his hair and teeth too, and especially his eyes. He wanted to hold his face, study it closely, because Steve always wanted to get things right, especially if he were going to paint it.
are you doing here?”
“No, seriously, what the hell? Nat and I have only been here for a week! You cant-What did you do?” He asked, genuine concern lacing through his voice. Hysteria began to roll up his throat as his mind began to play out all the possible options of what Steve could have done.
And finally, once the Sun left-good riddance-the Moon was visible. The seventh subject. He was a little different. Sometimes he looked like he was there and sometimes he looked like he wasn’t. Granted, the moon only revealed himself when the Sun left-even then, sometimes he wasn’t-and he’d sit patiently with the Sky, waiting to see if he could possibly brighten her day. He couldn’t. He outshone most of the stars behind him and sure, the Moon was great to have around, but he wasn’t enough. He wasn’t enough for the Sky, and surely wasn’t enough for the Earth.
