ImpalaGuy: i wanna
-o-O-o-
Subject: Advice
“I knew it was you and I’m sorry for not bringing it up so —”
Dean grabbed Honey’s leash and bumped shoulders with Cas. He smiled and pecked Dean on the cheek. This, he could get used to.
“Yeah.” She added the mixing spoon onto her pile of dry dishes.
He bumped his shoulder against Dean’s. “Never said that.”
“I know that, but with the way Mother is talking you’d think we’d already been married for two years and have been depriving her of grandchildren out of spite. Probably doesn’t help Father has his five year old son and Grandfather Zachariah has his nine year old daughter. She thinks it’s absolutely ghastly.”
He placed a hand on Dean’s forearm. “Hey, you’re getting worked up. Deep breath. Tell me about them.”
He played with the frayed edges of the throw blanket. “Okay.”
“So what’s the problem?”
“Jack Frost nipping at your nose?”
Bobby stuck his head out the office door. “Don’t mind me, the guy doing the math who could give you an answer.”
“You should fight back.” Krissy dropped a stack of books on the counter.
“You haven’t?” She punched him in the shoulder. “Dude, it’s almost been two months.”
“Yeah, you kids like it.”
“Yeah.” He rubbed the back of his neck. “I’ve been pretty shitty to you. It’s just, it’s frustrating.”
If there’s one thing our conversations do is bring out the better person in me, the exact opposite of the person I’ve been dealing with. If I could mix the two together you’d get a decent person. But they’re both drastic looks at who I am. I know I have problems. I know I’m not perfect. But the in-the-face reminders suck.
“Oh, you’re already having sex?”
He pulled the stopper from a whiskey bottle. “Yes, but she’s been moving herself in the last couple months.” He grabbed the glasses and paused. “Actually, she’s been doing it for almost six months now. Funny how much time pasts when you’re not as involved in the relationship as you thought.”
She turned away from him and sighed. “Why couldn’t you do it sooner? Why keep me attached for so long? Why introduce me to your family, your parents?”
Bobby cut between Dean and Krissy to pull a book. “You’ll come back, right?”
“Dude, you’ve never worried about it before. Why now?”
Kevin backed up towards the counter. “I also need to talk about next Thursday. I’ve got a meeting with my advisor, so I won’t be able to come in at one. Is that okay?”
“Missed you too, kiddo.” Dean sets Charlie back on the ground and ruffles her hair.
Dean’s keys clinked together as he unlocked the roll cage to his shop. It rattled as he pushed it up to open the main door. The bell chimed as he stepped inside.
The taxi pulled up to the curb and Castiel payed, helped usher April out and on her feet. She wobbled a smidge, on the border of buzzed and tipsy. “Oh Castiel, my strong man. Mmmm, I have so many plans.”
“I know, Bobby. I know.” He nudged Kevin and he groaned. “I know, kid. Your morning’s gonna suck.”
“And holiday shopping starts at the end of November. Gotta think about this stuff in advance. Don’t your D and D campaigns last awhile?”
However, instead of you, I met someone who I’ve only interacted with recently and sparingly. And it always ends disastrously. I honestly wish you were there. I finally came up with a come back that 1.) didn’t suck and 2.) actually landed. But when they flinched I felt like shit. I’ve had a stressful last few weeks due to work related issues (issues that this person is related to), but that doesn’t mean they have to be my punching bag. I want to take everything back. And if I’m honest, after reflection, it flared my depression (Is that even the word? Fuck if I know, I’m deep down the hole right now). I’m working, everyday I’m working, but maybe after my work related stress is out of the way and settled I can go back on meds. I stopped before the holidays because it was just too much too fast. I’ve kept up with the sessions, but it doesn’t feel like enough right now. And with my anxiety jostling in the back seat I don’t know when it’ll creep back up.
“You too.”
ImpalaGuy: Must have a big lap
I think that’s enough introspective for a Wednesday.
You wouldn’t happen to have any cookie recipes that you know work? I’ve tried a couple already and they haven’t worked. Before you make the joke: I’m sure some “user error” is at play. However, I’m tired of hearing the smoke alarm go off and I’m sure my neighbors would appreciate any help you can lend me.
NYC418: Are you free this week?
They wandered around until they found the fair Claire mentioned, not too far from the stores location. They must have had to take a detour as parts of the street were blocked off for a fall festival. Claire and Jack pulled him in each and every direction, following the sweet smells, loud games, and colorful prizes and areas. He watched them closely and coaxed them to indulge in all the festival had to offer. He more than likely would never have children to spoil and love, so Claire and Jack had to be his surrogates. He cheered them on at games, took them to a face painting booth, and even managed to squeeze himself in a toy car ride with them.
NYC418: i have a similar problem over here
He shoved his feet into his shoes and jammed his coat down on his shoulders. “Char, I’m leaving.” She grunted from the couch and he shook his head. He needed to talk to her about her sleep schedule. Man, was it getting fucked in the last few weeks. A brisk chill wound around his neck and kissed his face. Today was going to be okay.
She stared out across the street. “You know, I’m bi.”
ImpalaGuy
He listened to her shuffle around containers and baggies and focused on his breathing. In. Out. In. Out. Base for tortellini soup: tomatoes, white onion, chicken stock, heavy cream, basil, rosemary, salt, pepper, a touch of butter.
Cas knows better than to interrupt with platitudes. Dean’s always shied away from kind words and sympathy.
“The fact he’s become an anti-social hermit.”
“But you guys still talk, that’s got to count for something?”
“No, I left the store late, so I thought you would have picked something up.”
ImpalaGuy: okay, so obviously i think we need to work on this
NYC418: noted
gonna eat your slice, right? Because if you don’t I’ll gladly take your slice.”
Krissy flung her hands in the direction of Bobby. “See, even the old man agrees.”
NYC418: Happy New Year as well
NYC418: cuddle away
Cas relaxes his shoulders. “Come on over here.”
To: NYC418
Dean scoffs. “Yeah, but for how long? Kid’s omega.”
Shuffles. “You okay? You never call my home phone.”
God these two.”Yeah.I went in the over thirty chat room and we struck up a conversation. It was the end of January, Charlie was out with her DnD group, and I was lonely.” He paused. “Which, looking back, should’ve also been a sign. But he’s pretty cool, so we just kept talking.”
They shuffled through the lobby to the elevator. He pushed the button several times as April nodded it off against this shoulder. Curse Gabriel and his alcohol cart. The visit wasn’t worth it, as Gabriel spent the whole time dropping hints to him to break up with April, she none the wiser. He wished they hadn’t caught Gabriel’s eye as they left the theater.
Cas wraps his arms around Dean's shoulders and pulls him tight. No one should have to go through what Dean did. It's unjust and cruel. But Cas is in control of this moment. Dean’s fingers grip Cas’s shirt, face angled just so towards Cas’s neck. Cas sniffs ever so subtly to catch a whiff of Dean: basil and the barest hint of strawberry.
“Of course.” Her eyebrows furrowed, she placed a hand on his forearm.
, Indy, those bad monster flicks from the 50’s. I've got so many VHS tapes they fight for room on my shelf with my books. There's just something about forgetting your life for about two hours and getting to live someone else's adventure that's exciting. Please tell me you've watched something I have, so we can talk about it. My roommate and brother have put up with a lot of discussions and I'm sure they’d love if if I'd share with someone else.
April entered from the kitchen, salad bowl in hand. “This is a celebration.”
Re: Hobbies
She tapped ash off her cigarette. “Okay, yeah, bad question.”
He leans forward and kisses Dean softly, gently, completely. Dean lifts his hands to cradle the back of Cas’s head. Cas can think of no sweeter reunion.
Re:Re:Re: Endings Part Two
“We’ll get you in ship shape. I won’t say in no time, because it’s gonna take a lot of time. Hope you’re ready for the long haul, kid.”
He hung his coat on the hook and untied his shoes. Honey, nowhere in sight, must have been shut in the bathroom. “For what?” He walked to the table and ran his fingers over the white tablecloth. Was this even his. “It’s not an anniversary, right?”
Gabe patted Cas’s knee and finished off his glass. “Life’s pretty ugly, but you have
He beamed and sat the plate on the side table so he could sit on the couch. “When will we get to eat?”
“Maybe I should just cancel? If I can’t even make it through our conversation, how am I going to make it with them?”
He finished off the rest of his wine and dangled the glass from the stem. “Happiness can be faked.”
Cas chokes. “Claire!”
NYC418: I do
His walk towards the subway. His favorite coffee shop. Even as he stepped out of Milton Books. Dean Winchester was everywhere. After the news segment he had seen a slight rise in hostility towards the store. That slight rise in hostility being the picketers outside the store front. Catchy chant, but otherwise a limited annoyance. They didn’t block the doors and didn’t bother the customers. If there had to be a protest against his store, he could handle this.
Dean laid down on his bed, phone pressed to his ear, and listened to his brother. Quiet, repetitive, comforting. He let the fall and rise of Sam’s tone lull him into a peaceful state, far from the rush and stress of his day.
He hummed. “Nougat.”
He cleared his throat and shifted. “Charlie told me, that you’ve gone to therapy?”
Cas stared at him. “Dean?”
Cas puts his hand over the coin slot. “I’m not gonna make you pay after that. Would you be more comfortable in the back in case he returns?”
Claire rushed in with Jack behind. “Cookies done?”
“You’re an adult.”
From: NYC418
Gabriel sighed and tugged him towards the hallway. “Dad had me off out doing some overseas business. I got swamped trying to keep up and honestly forgot it had been months since I’d contacted you. In this case, the only explanation is that I suck. You could have contacted me, though. My Toronto office would have forwarded any message to me. Here I thought you were so wrapped up with the superstore and your lady you forgot. Though based on tonight, I’d say you were only wrapped up in the superstore and not your lady. What gives with April? Every time I saw you two you looked happy.”
“That I had things to do. You know how it is.”
“Bye,” shouted Jack as they left.
He fidgeted in his seat. “I think I’ll keep it to myself for now. I hope you don’t mind.”
“Oh, so is that what you and Sam are calling it?”
shop to be honest, but his mom’s. He could talk with other business owners or schmooze with people in children’s publishing, but being in charge of the day to the day operations still felt like he was taking over for his mom while she rested.
NYC418: we don’t have to
“And why not?”
“Hey, try and keep a positive attitude over there, Daria.”
I think everyone in life regrets something at some time or another. God knows I do. I honestly wish I had your power to say something. When I want to say something I either clam up or say something stupid. Once they’ve left and it’s all said and done is when I finally think of something and I hate I never get to say it in the heat of the moment. Maybe if you give me all your good lines I can finally have my moment and you won’t have to feel weighed down by the regret. It’s not a perfect solution, but it would be better for both of us then the path we’re currently running a rut.
ImpalaGuy: happy new year!!!!11!!!111
“You’ll be at family Christmas, right Cas?” Claire held her hands out and took the clean dish from Castiel to dry.
He sighed. He’d been thinking about it too and only came to one conclusion. And he wasn’t sure what to do with it. “We’ve told each other things in our message I don’t think Dean would ever say to anyone outside of his family. In some cases, I don’t even know if his family knows. Sometimes it’s just easier to tell a stranger, you know? And I’m afraid if Dean knows it’s
NYC418: That was erupt, nevermind
ImpalaGuy
To: NYC418
If you’re done communicating, let me know. I guess you will if you don’t e-mail back.
Saved at 11:56 PM EST
He smiled, small and teasing. “It’s not the worst thing that’s been said about me. I do remember you telling me I hired kids to spy on your store.”
“She lived beside my grandparents in that old apartment building she died in.” He shrugs and looks to the windows. “That was back when the family didn’t have much money. She basically raised my dad with Grandma Millie while Grandpa Henry worked himself into an early grave trying to get the company off the ground. Grandma Millie took over at your aunt’s insistence and she kept taking care of my dad until he was old enough to look after himself.”
Raphael scolds him in the same thought that he thanks him. His brothers are much the same, though Lucifer praises him on his preparedness .
, even if he wants to a little bit because he knows that if Dean is probably already looking forward to the sex they’ll be able to have. Given how their last Sam-free string of days went, Dean might even be expecting something equally
and he can’t resist pushing his arms into it as far as they’ll go. The temptation to take a sand bath is a strong one, but this isn’t the time for it. Castiel can take one of those once he’s home and safe.
Instead of lying down, Castiel turns to look at himself in the mirror. He spreads his dull wings and stares at them, nose crinkling in disgust. How could Dean think they’re a
For a brief moment, Dean just frowns at him in confusion. That clears up the moment Castiel gets his binder from the hook on the back of his door. “Oh, that! Um – Sure. I can help you put it on, if you’re okay with it?”
puppy dog eyes. Dean was already weak to the messy dark hair and scruffy cheeks that would probably feel
“It doesn’t matter.” Castiel glances at the plastic bag from the restaurant. “Oh, here. I got you a slice of apple pie.” He picks it up and hands it over to Dean. This should be the perfect distraction for him.
Castiel winces. He knows what she means by that, but he still wishes she hadn’t mentioned it again. Now Sam is going to get irritated again and, since Jess is leaving, she won’t have to deal with the fall out. If Castiel has to listen to Sam rant about Dean’s sex life again, he might just feign intestinal distress and camp out in the bathroom with his laptop.
when all of this happens.
, but at least this time he’s staying in one place.
Castiel is still breathing heavily by the time he peels his eyes open. He looks down at his lap and frowns at the mess. What is he supposed to do about this now? It would be gross to just tuck himself back into his pants with all this – His heart trips over itself as the box of tissues enters his field of view. He spares a quick glance at Dean and finds his head back against the couch and his eyes closed. But he still knew. Dean knew that Castiel didn’t use the tissues when he came. Then – what else does he know about?
Shamefully, Castiel does breathe a sigh of relief when they’re finally inside again. Directly inside the door is a closet, but Dean turns right and heads into the living room. He dumps his bags behind the couch sitting in the middle of the room, its back facing the front door.
something like this had to happen on his last night here. Nothing could ever just be easy for him. Everything had been going so well and now – Now Castiel really hopes that this won’t spoil the overall experience. He’s already well aware of the fact that it definitely coloured how he felt about yesterday. It had been a
Castiel gives her a suspicious squint before he pulls her into a hug, one that almost pulls her over the back of the couch, and kisses her on the cheek too. “Thank you. I’m sure it’s going to be delicious.”
When he’s done, Castiel looks up to find Dean staring at him. It’s part a look of wonder and partly dazed. Is he still floating from his orgasm? How adorable. Castiel loves that look and he leans down to kiss him before he can stop himself. Short, but sweet and as perfect an ending to this as he’s going to get. Dean is likely sore and tired now. He’s probably going to want to sleep and he likely isn’t going to want Castiel to be around for that – or rather, Dean’s never asked him for that before.
Yes, they probably could have gathered up and gone to the kitchen table to eat, but that would defeat the purpose of birthday breakfast in bed. And this is such a nice start to the day. Why would he ruin it?
They were
put it off for a little while yet by procrastinating.
“Mhmm.” Cas presses his face into the side of Dean’s neck, his mug held out so as not to risk spilling anything. “Won’t be back until supper.”
setting, because anything darker is pure sacrilege, Castiel sets out to gather all the multiple toast topping options that he has. With the new jar of Nutella, he also digs his aging jar of peanut-butter (crunchy, obviously) out of the cupboard. In the fridge, right next to the margarine, he also finds a jar of strawberry jam that was definitely not there yesterday morning.
doesn’t know exactly what it is, or what it can do, but it pinged on his Celestial radar.
Before Castiel can respond with a smiley emoticon of his own, his phone vibrates with another message.
It’s a surprisingly restful sleep, though it feels like it’s only a few moments before he opens his eyes again. The sun is already peeking under the edges of Dean’s curtains, telling him that it must be morning. Since it wasn’t an alarm that woke him, Castiel takes a few moments to figure out why he’s awake. Honestly, it’s not that difficult to determine. He’s on his stomach with Dean against his side, an arm thrown across his back. Castiel most
“I just realized something, Cas.” Again Dean’s voice rumbles through him. His hand drops to where the rope passes over Castiel’s chest and he gives it a little tug. “These ropes are gonna leave all kinds of marks on you. That’s against one of our rules, y’know?”
Me too
Dean leaned over and took his glass. “That’s enough for you. Char, can you get him a water.”
Krissy and Kevin sat at the piano, plunking at the keys. She laughed, a bit tipsy, and guided Kevin’s fingers through the melody. “Ready?”
To: ImpalaGuy
-o-O-o-
“Tolerate, really know how to make a girl swoon.”
“Well, that’s a fucking downer. Why you still with her?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
I know this is an abrupt change in pace, but have you discussed self-care with your therapist? Or have they mentioned it? I think you could find some benefits. I don’t want to bog you down with the details in e-mail, but they’ll probably know what I’m talking about. You haven’t mentioned your progress lately (and it’s okay if you don’t want to), but depression and anxiety can worsen during the holidays do to stress, lack of sunshine, societal pressures, and a general fear of missing out. I just want you to know if it gets overwhelming and you don’t feel comfortable telling your family or friends, you can come to me. I know it might be heavy for over the internet, but I care.
He needed to call more people to let them know he wouldn’t be in today. Or he could call his secretary so she could make the calls. He rubbed his temples. He reached over the arm of the couch to grab the phone. One ring. “Mr. Novak’s office, how can I help you?”
“That was a blast to the past,” muttered Krissy.
“Well, we had a work Thanksgiving. I thought you didn’t like your parents anyway?”
ImpalaGuy: means i’d have to give up the handy, but i would for you
Dean sighed. “If,
-o-O-o-
“Hey, free pie is free pie. I’m not gonna pass it up.” He smiled and Cas’s chest warmed.
What an asshole.
Dean shrugged his shoulders. “Look, what’s done is done. I’ve said my piece, you’ve said yours. Can’t really get the store back, so no use crying over spilt milk, you know?”
ImpalaGuy: Nope, anything on your mind?
“Boy, you guys sure know how to set the mood.” She pulled a tin of mints from her purse and popped one in her mouth. “Mint?”
“Christ, Bobby. Can I be a little upset about this?”
We didn’t make Christmas cookies in my household, but I was always allowed to pick up one of those tins of shortbread cookies. Other relatives brought homemade cookies when we got together, but I never had the experience of baking, hence my current problems. Thank you for helping.
He took a deep breath. “The beginning.”
“We’ve done a lot today: put up the decorations, put the ornaments on the tree, and we made cookies. He’ll be up by the time we decorate them.” He put the last clean dish in the rinse water and handed it to Claire. He stepped behind her to take the stack of utensils back in their proper spots. “I’ve appreciated all of your help today. Have you gotten to decorate at your home?”
“I will.” She grabbed the bag and made for the door. “C’mon, can we get ice cream?”
He looked at the back of — something. His lack of baking skills told him it was a bar of chocolate, but what would that be doing in the baking aisle and not in candy? Or at the front of the store? It didn’t matter. What was important was that Dean didn’t see him. A confrontation in the grocery store was the worst outcome he could think of happening. He bypassed the aisle. He could buy what he had now and leave. They were basics. He could use them for something else. Only the eggs were perishable anyway. He hurried to the front and hoped Dean would be preoccupied long enough so he could leave unnoticed.
He’d known Meg for awhile. They met at university when he held her hair back while she puked her guts out at the one frat party he attended. They’d been close ever since and he didn’t think he could get rid of her even if he wanted. “I’m fine.”
Cas laughed. “How about something lighter. Do you like pie? Because I hear the pie here is fantastic.”
-o-O-o-
“Pizza and
“Actually,” she moved from the chair to hop up on the counter. “We’re official.”
NYC418: Would you want to try to meet up again?
“Yeah, to a psych, got some meds. Didn’t really agree with me. Been going to a different guy since then.” He stirred his cereal. “The talking sucks, but it helps.”
ImpalaGuy: I don’t know if I’ve ever told you, but thank you. It’s meant a lot to me these last couple of months
-o-O-o-
A joke, a fucking joke. “Okay, what if I said yes to your friendship proposal?”
“I hear angry cooking. Dean, why are you angry cooking?” Charlie stepped into the kitchen and draped her arms over his shoulders.
Dean could live without the extra people at the grocery store. That’s what he got though for his last minute trip for baking chocolate. Charlie blew into the kitchen and requested his dark chocolate cake with puppy eyes. Like he could say no to her puppy eyes. He couldn’t say no to Sam or her. Which left him, literally hours before Thanksgiving began, in the hellish grocery store. He browsed through the baking chocolate, he had to find the right cocoa percentage. And his brand was on sale. At least there was a bright spot to this trip to Hell.
He punched the speed down two notches and adjusted. It would be fine. Deep breaths, keep stride and pace.
No, I understand. I too have suffered through many an awkward family dinner. I’ve grown quite apt at changing subjects to anything less grating. I don’t think I have much advice though beyond that. I’ve found the mating habits of cats and daily activities of worker bees throw people far from the dating questions. With any luck, you’ll make a convincing case this year to get them off your case or you’ll find someone so they’ll cease their campaign, of course that brings its own set of questions. Much of life’s interactions circles back to well meaning and well intended people. And we all know what the way to Hell is paved with.
Cas grimaced. “Do you really want to talk about that?”
To: ImpalaGuy
WHAT DO YOU MEAN FOUR TO FIVE NEEDLES!?!?!?!?!?!
ImpalaGuy: we can be
“Hey, simmer down. Is one week even a good measure? They’re new. They’re shiny. Once the newness all wears off people will see it for what it is: large, impersonal, and a product of the man. Who knows? Maybe once the holiday season starts you’ll see your numbers go back to normal. People love to go to little shops to go the extra mile. To say “I loved you so much I didn’t just pick up a present for you at the check-out line while I bought something for me.”
Castiel sighed and stared out the taxi window. The show had been April’s idea, but he didn’t mind indulging her. After the holidays, they rarely spent any time together, often missing each other in the morning. She still hadn’t sold her apartment, but spent most of her nights at his place. He should have corrected her back in September. He should have told her that he wasn’t comfortable living with her until they were married, but the sex embargo had almost been a breaking point in their relationship, so he didn’t want to poke the bear. It should have been his first clue.
He wants to get lost in the awkwardness between them, relish in the painful feeling that if it weren’t for his relapse all those years ago, he would have asked her the big question and he wouldn’t be standing here talking to her about a wedding that isn’t theirs.
(See the end of the chapter for
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
Song for this chapter: what he wrote - Laura Marling
Knowledge tells him it probably isn’t even the man himself who arranges for them to be distributed between absent employees but someone in management gritting their teeth at the added annoyance it brings forth.
The brotherly banter can get annoying sometimes, Castiel will admit that, but honestly, it does make things easier to deal with and in fragile situations like this one, it’s exactly what’s keeping the broken pieces together when they’re so damn close to crumbling.
We’re going to the hospital.”
“Jesus Christ, man up! You killed some poor bastard, so who cares?!”
“Ten minutes.”
Total: $2.250, 00
“Right, well it’s on Bodkins’ Street.”
* Chapter 22 : Damn your eyes - Beth Hart
“Until we lost everything! And that’s on you!”
* Chapter 02 : Broken bones - Kaleo
It doesn’t make a difference in the end because Mr. Winchester still played him and he’s still left hurting while the man in question probably doesn’t feel a single shred of remorse.
Castiel wants to run out the door just as Mr. Winchester had done but a bodyguard firmly pulls him away before he has a chance to do so. “No!” he screams, “Dean!”. He can only see blood, and then,
Those desperate whimpers with restrained, yet panicked movements had told him enough. This was an innocent man most likely snatched from his home as his partner and kids watched. It makes Castiel want to faint from desperation, so all he can do is shake his head one more time, hoping for a miracle in which it will suffice.
“Don’t you get it, Cas?”
That, and how painfully his hands are thumping from the rope cutting into his wrists, or how hazy his vision has become from being kept in almost complete darkness for extended periods of time. And of course, how Dean cocks and de-cocks that damned gun every so often.
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
“N-no, I-“
The ambiance inside is just as buzzing though completely different in its flow, feeling quite warm and welcome once the round of applause announcing their arrival calms down actually. Dean of course is almost instantly dragged away by some of his acquaintances, leaving Castiel to the overwhelming amounts of people all coming up and congratulating him.
“The truth. Well- the truth, minus some details. I told him you struggled with drugs before and are going through a rough patch. I mean, I’m not wrong, am I?”
“He, uh-“
, blends with the subtle steam in the room, disappearing within.
Castiel swears that if there’s one fake tear accompanying that even faker helpless voice, he’s personally going to wipe them off the CEO’s face.
Mr. Ketch flicks his raging eyes up at the influential men around him with a short, irritated huff as if to say ‘
* Chapter 11 : Calm after the storm - Common Linnets
* Chapter 04 : Control - Halsey
No further questions are asked, Melissa simply does exactly as she said she would: select beauty products yet Cas doesn’t know whether he should be relieved or anxious. These people are professionals, they’re trained to always be polite and keep comments to themselves, so what if she doesn’t believe him? What if she’s suspicious and starts interrogating him? What if-
* Chapter 25 : ...
“Don’t look so surprised,” groans Mr. Ketch, “you’re not here to act as a piece of decoration or something, you’re not
The room immediately goes quiet. That’s simply what happens when you take a dominant, authoritative, and well-respected man like Mr. Dean Winchester and put him in front of a select group of his most dedicated business partners.
Trying to focus on the shouting is hard, it all sounds indistinguishable and muted though the accents and voices behind them are quite familiar. They’re arguing, angry about something but Castiel couldn’t care less, all he knows is that he’s in unbearable pain and he just wants it to stop.
Castiel has to close his eyes when a shaky sob reaches him through the phone. He stands there for a minute; holding on to the wall to keep himself from just sinking to the floor as warm tears travel down his cheeks, pooling around hesitant lips.
“I’m gonna get some snacks. Want any?”
This wasn’t your regular angry speech, though. This was all boss-employee guidelines shoved aside, bringing this meeting down to a far more personal, and therefor critical, level. “You see this shit?” Sam yelled as he slid the newspaper across the table, “they included the company’s name in the article, of course they did!”
* Chapter 22 : Damn your eyes - Beth Hart
“No, sir.”
And Cas loses it at those words, orgasming in a haze of feelings he’d thought long forgotten. Not even the weight settling on his hips when Mr. Winchester straddles him causes a panic because somehow, Castiel knows tonight is about letting off steam in the form of release, not violence, so he watches, relaxed, as Dean jerks off and comes all over his chest and abdomen with only one name on those lips: “
“Cas? Cas?!”
But a new voice cuts through Dean’s confusion.
For the first time since their ‘meeting’ began, the man actually acknowledges Castiel and finally looks at him. With pure arrogance and anger, of course. “Mr. Novak,” a ridiculing grin audible in the words, “don’t you have anything to say on the matter?”
Fuck, he’s way too messed up.
He can feel his arms and he can move his toes, he can even feel the bandages pulling at his chest and for once, the slight burn of his skin is more than welcome for it grounds him in the here and now, dragging him closer to consciousness through sickly sweet agony.
Playlist so far:
* Chapter 06 : Horns - Bryce Fox
It goes dead quiet after that. Never in all those years had it occurred to Castiel that their father’s reasoning had been anything but crude, fueled with nothing but disappointment, yet here they are, a fact being thrown in the argument that critically disrupts the scales and makes everything tumble.
But when Mr. Winchester cuts through the satin ribbon as effortlessly as the applause rolls over him, there’s only one place his mind drifts to. And that’s Castiel.
Dean remains quiet for a moment after seeing Cas shake his head but then steps closer again, still no words yet his eyes are filled with emotions. And then comes the blow. Literally.
* Chapter 10 : Bloody city - Sam Tinnesz
“Your hot stuff? Nah. Where is he anyway?”
There’s lights flashing into his eyes, truck horns assaulting him, the sound of his own blood’s panicked motions, there’s voices, footsteps, pounding, everything at once.
“I’m sorry but, are you new here, ma’am?”
One being Mr. Winchester’s men posted outside of the room. Castiel was still desperately trying to find out what in the hell this man was playing at. Didn’t they kind of, sort of, end their arrangement? Or at least agreed to some time apart? It hadn’t even been two full days, yet Dean had managed to creep back into his life, just like that.
“If you say so.” Gabriel answers genuinely with a small smile. “I guess you just looked a little sad, is all. Maybe it’s that ugly face of yours.”
A small piece of paper on the counter catches his attention.
* Chapter 17 : ...
“Don’t-“ is his immediate, weak prayer. Cassie was a sweet and innocent child, before the drugs, before the hurt and the lies and the violence. It’s not who he is anymore. “Please.”
“Fuck off.”
“You-“ Castiel begins, destination unknown, but his journey gets cut short when a rush of light-headedness takes him by surprise. The newcomer remains calm and collected, though there’s a hint of caution and perhaps even worry when Mr. Lafitte asks how Cas is doing.
“No! Listen up, Vantage Point, I’m sick and tired of all this bullshit, of all this- this
* Chapter 15 : Holding out for a hero - NBT
"There's nowhere to go, I've been paralyzed."
Even the questions about the impact of the new factory-to-be on the environment and public health are expertly dodged much to Novak’s amusement. More than once had he found himself at climate marches, trying to fight for a better world, so having to listen to lies upon lies about how a major scale industrial park isn’t a danger to people and animals alike is truly, utterly pissing him off beyond measure.
“How about tonight?”
It had been another one of those late nights, with Mr. Winchester still tapping away behind his computer long after all employees except security had returned home to their families. There was a reason for it, too.
“His weakness- es el niño,
* Chapter 11 : ...
“I got kidnapped, raped, and everything just fucking hurts!”
Ha, that’s ironic. Of course, Gabriel is referring to Castiel’s physical state; silently asking if going out with a raging fever and a body full of antibiotics is a good thing but, to Castiel, there’s a second meaning lingering just below the surface:
Song for this chapter: Control - Halsey
* Chapter 19 : Where the river ends - OTEP
Castiel remembers those days after he separated himself from Mr. Winchester now. How he’d lay in bed for hours and hours on end, only getting up to pee or have a glass of water. He remembers how his bones ached from being pressed against the mattress until what once was considered a soft comfort turned into hard stabs with every movement.
Having to lie and keep secrets is one thing but how far exactly is
* Chapter 26 : Suga Boom Boom - DL Downer
Before his brains can catch up to him, Castiel starts yelling his defence. It’s not the punch that hurt most but the negligence behind such a request and he’s not having it. The entire contract, the deal, all of it, was a way for him to avoid being taken to court but it was meant to be him just acting as a P.A. or something, not to be treated like a worthless piece of nothing.
“I asked you something, Mr. Novak. Why aren’t you doing it?”
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
But instead he’s greeted by someone who hates him more than his father did, something Castiel didn’t even think was possible, not until he met Mr. Winchester.
And that’s all Cas could think about as he averted his eyes from the blood spreading in such a calm manner, flowing without a care in the world. But then again, why wouldn't it? There’s no need for rushing, for hurrying in going down the drain when the deed has already been done.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Let’s get out of here.”
He blinks up at Gabriel, unable to focus.
* Chapter 11 : Calm after the storm - Common Linnets
Playlist so far:
* Chapter 19 : Where the river ends - OTEP
Mr. Winchester’s moans go straight to his own groan, however, Cas keeps his hands to himself and ignores his own pleasure well past the cum dribbling down his mouth and throat, until Dean wipes both of them clean, opens the door, and walks off after a quick make-out session.
‘Home’ wasn’t longing for his own house, it wasn’t a promise to be there in the morning.
Playlist so far:
“Don’t sweat it. Just on edge” Cas manages to slur the half apology before completely sinking against the back of the couch. “Party sucks, huh?”
The second contract was a longer one, and definitely not legal. It was full of overly complicated terminology and vague descriptions but Castiel understood just fine. Bottom line, it was forcing him to be available for Dean day and night without it ever telling him what exactly was to be expected which was precisely what made it dangerous because there were no rules nor limits imposed on his service.
“No, no!” Castiel nearly gasps, “it’s normal! I just- sometimes there’s guards, sometimes there’s not. You know how it is.”
“I should go back to work, señor. I should-“
“I’m sure, Mr. Wesson, but that’s not what I meant.” He interferes rudely. “I just hope it will never come down to
“Sir?”
* Chapter 12 : Run in the rain - Tom Grennan
As was Castiel, a then twenty-three year old law student granted his first internship under the watchful eye of Mr. Turner, a good teacher but also a man close to retirement who never gave two fucks to begin with. But Castiel never complained. An internship within corporate law meant he would be given the chance to visit some of the biggest companies over the span of eleven weeks, and perhaps even attend some board meetings.
“Boring. So, what? He, untouchable sex god, spots the nerdy antagonist who doesn’t believe themself to be worthy of the lead role’s affection and miraculously, they fall in love?”
At least not much seems to have changed between them since their
But when distant rays of sun ease that very skin back to the warmth of a world in movement, the scales tip towards a grander scheme. Our vessels might be awakened, though their battles within are now kept silenced through social expectations of collected smiles and play-pretend at full.
* Chapter 23 : Delicate - Damien Rice
‘LIVING WITH ADDICTION: DEAN WINCHESTER AND FIANCE CASTIEL NOVAK’
“You know what?! Fire her. I’m done with her shit.”
He can hear Gabriel’s soft chuckle, can almost see the wide smile in front of him and it instantly overwhelms him with a homesickness so strong he has to breathe through the new set of oncoming tears. No way was he going to spoil his brother’s innocence and happiness. Not again.
With the words you've borrowed
“Am I not allowed to pee on my own accord?”
“It’s my turn now,” the woman announces with a smile and then gives Cas a once over, “much better” she adds in regards to his fresh haircut. He takes her word for it, not really having the energy to face whatever might stare back at him if he’d actually look into one of the ridiculously big mirrors accentuating the marble sinks below them. Avoiding reality and all that.
“Right. If you don’t mind me asking, sir, when did these burns occur and what was their cause?”
“What the hell are you doing, Novak?”
What the fuck was happening?
* Chapter 15 : Holding out for a hero - NBT
. Before any of the cruel shit that went down between living a relatively mundane life and literally being a criminal’s throw-away accessory. A bruised and battered throw-away accessory. How was he supposed to go out in public like this? What if someone noticed?
“But we haven’t-“
* Chapter 09 : Miracle - The Score
“What? I’m not-“
He was the one who dragged his father out there. He was the one who’d screamed and raged until he finally got what he wanted because even at a young age, Dean caught on to what could be achieved. Not that he fully understood when he was a child, but even then did he take notice of the whole ‘do as I tell you or you’ll end up hurt’ schtick.
to leave the house?
* Chapter 25 : Prisoner - Raphael Lake
“Dean-“
Cas nearly panics at that. Was he asked out of habit, some kind of patient protocol, or was it a genuine offer coming from an honest, concerned member of the public? Fuck if he knows. Much as with Paula, he wonders if he can even trust anyone employed by husband dear.
Sensing the awkwardness in just sitting there as one of them eats, Dean takes off again, though this time he does so more casually, exclaiming he still has to ‘clean up the kitchen.’ He’s gone for a good few minutes, leaving Castiel plenty of time to wind down a bit. Man, is he tired.
“Alright, w’ever!”
It sounded more aggressive in his head, but when he spits “so, what’s the verdict?” once Mr. Winchester comes back from letting Doctor Beaumont outside, it only comes out as a sad, maybe slightly annoyed question at best.
“There’s a guy outside threatening to enter the house, he’s got his own armed guards.”
“What the hell did you do?!”
“Dad’s been asking about you” Gabriel says suddenly. It completely takes Castiel by surprise. He wasn’t even entirely sure the old man was still alive, but then again, if the great Mr. Novak would come to bite the bullet, Castiel is sure he would have read about it in the news. Nonetheless,
“Gabriel, stop!” Castiel full on yells.
Castiel had to fight back more tears when Dean dug a finger right into the wounds. Of course the man got off from his pain, the moans that followed seeing Cas cry and bleed and choke said enough, spurring Dean on who was now fully grinding his crotch into the beaten up mess, properly face fucking by rolling his hips over the comfy office chair.
one of you. I don’t even know what you mean by that. If you mean an orphan, that doesn’t make us brothers in arms or anything of the sort.”
Aunt Amara dusts her hands off and heads to the shelf for her usual wine glass. “And
Warnings:
“That’s
With a pointed sigh – one that sounds
The further they walk into the forest, and the more people he sees – bare foot and dressed in animal skins, bone jewelry, plant accents – the more he realizes that the townie official definitely lied to him. With the majority of this continent’s people having to live in the forest because of the harsh conditions of the North Eastern frozen desert and the South Eastern wastelands, there’s a definite distinction between the native forest dwellers and those that migrated here.
As usual, when Castiel arrives at the Council’s auditorium, the only ones who are actually happy to see him are his brothers. Metatron and Raphael both look as annoyed as they always do, but his brothers swim down from their pillars to greet him. At least
“Whoa, whoa,
They did everything for him and were very adamant that he never leave the property. His parents convinced him that the rest of the world was dangerous and if his wings were ever seen and he was found out to be a mutant, he would be taken away. Castiel knows now how bad that was for him, and how it certainly hasn’t helped his fears.
just take the bandage
and not on a hunt or heading off trying to follow their dad’s trail. How could he pass up this opportunity?
There’s a sappy smile on Dean’s lips as he explains the significance of the necklace.
grateful to have been watched over all these years and he had asked Castiel what he would like in gifts. At that, he had requested several lengths of rope – enough for him to string it from his shrine, through the tunnels, and to the opening of the cave system. On their next visit, they brought him it.
.” He shrugs and runs a hand through his hair. “But in another year or so, when you graduate and you’ve got yourself a proper photographer job, then I – maybe I might be?” His voice gets more and more quiet until he ends on what is essentially a whimper.
“But you fly.” Dean reaches out and brushes his fingers over one of the lines of his wings. It doesn’t feel like anything special. Just fabric.  “You hate heights.”
he told you about my tag?”
problem?”
He sighs and shakes himself out. Okay. This isn’t the first time shit has happened to his friends. Dean can deal with this just like he dealt with everything else. Besides, Cas obviously sent his brother in his place for a reason. So Dean might as well actually talk to him – no matter how badly he
And Dean’s eyes go wide. The coughing stops, just for a moment, before it starts up against worse than ever. Violent, body quaking, hacking coughs. This time, there’s blood mixed in with the petals and flowers.
.” Sam’s voice crackles through the comms above their heads and Dean flips off the camera mounted in the corner. “
?” He drops his arms and tilts his head to try and watch Amarok use its teeth to undo the buttons and clasps that hold his cloak together all down his chest.
Next to him, Gabriel makes a derisive noise while thumbing through his wallet for his credit card. “Cassie, don’t be ridiculous. You can’t wait here that long.”
it is – and then it’s gone again and he’s barely moving at all. Is he
With his head cocked to the side, Castiel listens for a moment. He turns around, smiling at how Dean is looking at him expectantly. “Is that Barry White?”
He relaxes back into the couch with a pillow propped between his wings and stares at the TV. It might be awhile before he gets back to sleep, if at all. There’s a lot for him to think about.
The skin around Cas’s eyes tenses slightly, the closest he gets to a squint. “If it is related to
Fine, alright. That’s decided then. Castiel grips Dean under his arms and pulls him to his feet before he can change his mind. He cards his fingers through Dean’s hair gently before leaning in. Carefully, he laps at the streak across Dean’s cheek. Immediately, relief floods through him. It tastes no different than when he’s tasted Dean’s come. Thank God. A large part of him had been worried that every time Dean gave him a blow job, he was tasting something horrible. This isn’t bad and judging by the soft pleased sound Dean makes, he doesn’t find what Castiel is doing either.
Soft kisses flutter across Castiel's back, gentle like a breeze, as Dean's hand works him through the last of it. "You did good, Cas. Real good."
Aunt Amara shakes his hand, but she doesn’t manage to get a word out before Anna clears her throat loudly from the doorway into the dining room. Her arms are crossed and there’s a challenging look in her eyes. “You had
“What about your scholarship?”
Besides, no matter what they say he fully plans on continuing to meet with Dean. How else is he supposed to keep up to date on the fang-fin movements? He can’t think of any better way to help the fang-fin or the bright-fin than this.
Even though that’s Dean’s concern at the moment, Cas is apparently of a different notion. He’s still lying on his back in the sand, but his eyes and his echoes are tracking Dean while he swims around him.
, and how long will it take for him to see that? “– and until such a time, if ever, that I find someone that I do take interest in who would also be open to having a relationship with me.” Which will probably be never.
“So, uh –” He runs a hand over the back of his neck and glances at Cas. “How do you pronounce your name? I’ve just been calling you Cas in my head.”
After tilting its head one way and then the next, the raven – Dean, Castiel has to remind himself – gives a sharp
of issues that he needs to get over to move things along with Dean. But it’s been ­
the mix of oil and come trickle out of him. Cas drags his fingers through the fluid, gathering it up only to push them back inside. His other hand is hot like a brand as it curls around Dean’s erection.
“Are you
This is ridiculous. If his crush
it. Can he frame this moment in time so he’ll always have it forever?
no.” He shakes his head and digs his fingers into the meat of his arms. “No, you – You’re the only
Castiel doesn’t get far in rehearsing his speech. The man with the long hair tucks it behind his ears and glances back over at him. Caught in the act for a
Great. Just great. He grumbles and stomps into the kitchen. The garbage can under the sink is empty, the garbage taken out earlier in preparation for them leaving. Castiel puts a new bag in it and takes that with him, stopping only to get another new towel from the linen closet.
exploring the academy grounds. He had taken pictures of everything that could be photographed – from the landscape, to clouds, to flowers and bugs, to the buildings themselves and the old architecture both inside and out. As beautiful as it all is, Castiel has photographed everything to death. It didn’t take him very long to run out of things to take pictures of. But now that he lives in a big city with Gabriel, there is so much
I hope you'll all be sticking around, because on September 6th/2016,
Many of the men and women on the forums that Castiel has read were stating that their partners had already cheated on them or were worried that they were going to
Dean doesn’t debate this issue further. His eyes are wide and round as he nods in agreement. Satisfied (and more than a little smug) with this result, Castiel turns around again and makes himself comfortable on his stomach. This always makes things so much easier for them. Thankfully, Dean doesn’t object as he settles between Castiel’s legs. And as soon as he crosses his arms behind his back, Dean starts working the rope around them.
Dean loves his job. He really does. Like, there is literally
By the time the kiss breaks, Dean is actually
Dean immediately relaxes, sighing loudly in a heavy exhale. “Thank the Gods. I dunno what I would’ve done if you were leavin’.”
"Yeah, you surprised me there." Humming, Dean lifts Castiel's hands to where he can see them, and he opens his eyes only for that moment before letting them fall shut again. There are red bands around his wrist, standing out against his skin. He presses kisses to the raw marks the rope left behind. Those will be there for the next day or so, likely. It looks like Castiel will have to wear long sleeved shirts to avoid any prying questions.
no.” Dean wiggles and draws a pillow to his chest. He glances over his shoulder, canting his hips back and spreading his legs. “Do it
Oh God, he hadn’t considered that. Castiel groans and rocks his hips futilely. He doesn’t want to think about what today is going to be like. It’s going to be downright
with that.”
? Does he mean that just for the Council, or will the whole colony be allowed to see what they saw? He wants so badly to be a part of it and he’s not sure he can wait to find out. Just to be safe, he singles Michael’s mind out from everyone else’s and lets his worry brush against his thoughts.
arousing.
. Baths are calming and cleansing and Castiel has no idea why he still feels like he’s having an anxiety attack even though he’s safe inside where there are no prying eyes. The only person here is someone he trusts.
Castiel nods slowly and settles back against the couch. Dean’s arm stays across the back of the couch while they all get comfortable and ready to watch the movie. He does his best not to notice how every part of his body that’s touching Dean feels like it’s on fire. Will he even be able to focus on the movie while he’s practically pressed against Dean’s side? Unlikely. But he can certainly try.
That’s only because he’s not the one afflicted by them. “You would hate them too if you had to touch –” Castiel grimaces. “
“You could always share the guest bed with me.” Anna grins, mostly at Castiel, as starts up the stairs and  brushes past him while he waits for his goodbye hug and kiss.
to be listening now. “I’ll be starting with the rest of you on Monday. Watch your calendars for the appointment Castiel will be putting in there.”
Rather than acknowledge that he’s just
doesn’t think it’s sad to have gone this long without a date. What’s sad is that people find
“It usually does.”
That catches Castiel by surprise and he looks suspiciously at the slowly moving line ahead of him before turning back to Sam. “Excuse me?”
he would kiss her. Castiel can only hope that they haven’t already kissed during their intoxicated stumble from the door of the bar to the car.
“It’s fine.” Dean shrugs with a grin and pushes his chest out a little more. “Happens all the time, right?”
might wake his body up.
just drop the matter.” He looks at Anna pointedly when she opens her mouth again. “I’m going to lock myself in my bedroom again if you keep arguing it. They’re here and I’m as okay with it as I can be. End of story. So, can we just ­– can we
the idea of Dean knowing exactly what he’s doing. Dean would know just want to do to make him feel good, and he would of course be able to show Castiel what to do to make
“I’ve loved you since I found your soul in hell.” Castiel shrugs and his throat grows tight as he reaches for Dean’s hand. “I’ve never been
Castiel looks up and fixes her with a glare.
"Mhmm." Castiel hums softly and closes his eyes. This moment is nearly perfect and he wants to frame it in his memories.
than you were on the couch.”
?” He blinks several times and shakes his head in disbelief. “You’ve been reading up on BDSM and stuff?”
If they had done that, then they never would have moved away from
. He never realized just how very
. Cas is someone very different to Dean. Castiel had insisted that he didn’t mean for it to become like that with Dean. He just wanted to be
Dean tugs at the collar of his white suit as he paces from one end of the room to the other. He grimaces every time he passes the standing mirror, because he looks ridiculous. Everyone in that room out there knows that he’s not a virgin, and they’re going to mock him until kingdom come for getting married in
but not really and it’s not like they
The two pillows that Dean sleeps with are stacked on top of the blanket. Castiel looks around for the best place to leave the books before he decides to just leave them on the center cushion of the couch. If Dean misses them, then he’s
song for him, but Dean went with an angle based off Cas’s name and still gets a kick whenever his phone rings and Shaggy starts singing
After they’re finished making sure Dean has nothing to complain about when he gets home, they both drift off to do their own things. Sam wants to relax a little bit before he has to go to work and Castiel wants to get some studying in. He’s created himself a study plan for the winter holidays where he’ll do a little bit every day. It’s just to make sure that he doesn’t forget anything over the break. The chances of that are slim to none to start with, but he wants to excel in his photography courses just as he would have if he had continued into the medical program.
Concern flickers slightly on the edges of Cas’s mind for a moment. He stares Dean down again with that calculating look of his before he shrugs.
Eventually, Sam does manage to get himself under some form of control. He straightens up with a gasp and slaps Dean on the shoulder again. “I’m going to go get breakfast started. You –” Sam’s cheeks puff with a laugh and he sucks in a sharp breath. “You and Cas keep playing dress up with your
Castiel feels no small amount of smugness at that. There’s a reason he planned both to be so close to each other. “I hoped that would cover me so it wouldn’t spoil the surprise.”
There are a few spare hangers on one side of his closet. Castiel pulls those out and puts them on the bed for Dean to use. He knows he doesn’t have that much clothing with him, since he tends to travel light, but it’s the thought that counts. And maybe next time he’ll bring more clothes if he knows that he has the space to leave things here.
there. How is he supposed to do this again? There are different rungs where the bar is supposed to go up, somehow. While he’s still
The silence in the room feels just a little too overwhelming and Castiel can only stand it for a short while. He clears his throat after a moment and keeps his voice to nothing more than a loud whisper – just in case Sam might hear them. “My results are clean too.”
. Dean knows exactly what to do to make him wriggle and writhe; to make him gasp his name and paw at the blankets under them for something to hold on to. He’s taken Castiel apart and put him back together too many times to count, and now is no different. Dean has learned his body from head to toe; knows where to press and lick and nip to make him get
Dean visibly wilts under the power of the puppy stare and he looks away to add toothpaste to his own toothbrush. "Roleplaying. It’s I can’t say that I’ve actually
Dean doesn’t know what to say and neither does Sam. They let the kin-connection drop between them as he turns to follow after Meg. It’s been how many days since the war started? Thirty? Forty? Somewhere around there. Possibly even fifty. Dean has been a part of several battles. At least one every five or six days. How long has he been smilinglike that? How long has he actually been
Since everyone else seems to be ignoring the obvious question here, Castiel takes it upon himself to ask it. “Delicious puffed corn kernels aside, are we going to skip out on dinner entirely?”
Dean walks a little taller back down the hallway, clearly happy with that answer. Castiel tries to ignore the twinge of guilt in his belly as he shuts the door and rests his forehead against it. He breathes in and out slowly, unconsciously counting each breath even though he doesn’t feel all that panicky or anxious at the moment.
“What do you think, Mr. Photographer-man?” Dean glances up at him with a grin as he pulls the picture up for them to review.
Besides, a part of him kind of likes it. The more that Dean drinks, the more heavily he leans into Castiel’s shoulder. It’s getting to the point that it would be more comfortable for the both of them if Castiel put his arm around his shoulders. But he can’t bring himself to do that – no matter how much he wants to. Maybe if he was more comfortable with touching people he wouldn’t have as much of a problem with actually reaching out and doing it.
Please, please,
There’s a wary edge along his thoughts that quickly gets tugged from the kin-connection and hidden from Dean’s touch.
Unsurprisingly (though somewhat disappointingly), there is no mime. Dean is, however, apparently wrestling a whiteboard that must be roughly five feet by three feet – from what Castiel can tell at first glance. A portion of it is actually cork board. The whiteboard half looks like it has lines of tape all over it in a layout that looks a lot like a calendar. There’s even an attached cup and tray, where Castiel assumes markers and pushpins are supposed to be kept.
Oh no.
“Just open it.” Dean drums his fingers on the other box, clearly excited.
“Sorry, sir.”
the venom tainting her saliva and that alone ratchets his panic meter up to
“You’ve got a bit of a scrape here too. Maybe we should call it a day and go back to the apartment?” Dean also rubs his thumb over Castiel’s forehead, brushing dirt away. It stings slightly, and he must have something similar to rug burn there. Thankfully, it’s also not bleeding. “You got halfway through the course and that’s actually pretty good for a first timer.”
since the fight with his father. Dean must have known since then that he’s likely not his father’s favourite person. So what in the world could possibly be the reason for this current downturn in his mood?
– and they just – God, there’s been no time for them to
“Still, Cassie, I gotta know. Girl or guy? I can’t pick someone if I don’t know your preference.”
and picturing her like that is almost as effective as a cold shower. It gets the job done and keeps him from having an embarrassing moment every time his pants rub against sensitive areas whenever he stands up or sits down.
Cas goes soft and he leans into Dean's touch, eyes closing briefly. "I'll listen."
“That’s because
At the center of the amphitheater is the raised dais where anyone brought before the Council or presenting something to them can sit. It’s situated in front of five pillars of equal height on which the council sits. Michael is in the middle with Lucifer and Gabriel on his left. On his right are the other two members of the council, Raphael and Metatron. They were both members of the Council since before Castiel’s nest started hatching.
Maybe they need to revoke leaving a spare key with Cas’s parents? Because Gabriel is abusing that privilege almost on the daily. Too many times Dean has come home from work to find Gabriel on his couch, watching TV or playing his video games. It would be annoying… if Gabriel didn’t clean up after himself, buy games and leave them here for Dean to try out too, and foot the bill for ordering in dinner whenever he stays over for supper.
screwed as he feels the beginning of a
“But not
“Don’t give me that look.” A laugh rumbles in his chest and he leans over to press a kiss to the back of Castiel’s neck. He rocks his erection against the back of Castiel’s thigh, nearly distracting him completely from what he’s actually saying.“I just want to make sure that you’re okay first. You wanna wear this rig the whole time?”
Dean’s head pops up so quickly that Castiel’s wings flare out in surprise. “Shut up, seriously?” It’s hard to tell in the dark, but it looks like his eyes are wide and he
sure that you won’t go on a date with her?”
surprise. “And, once the amount paid in property taxes equates the value of the home, I’m going to sign the deed over to you officially.” He gestures at the agreement. “It’s all outlined in there if you would like to read it more closely before signing it.”
He gets a grunt in answer, but Dean’s hand does come up to rest over his for just a moment while it’s on his shoulder.
bed? He was proved wrong, as there were ample inquiries about the condition of the mattress or the quality of the bed, but only one person offered the original requested amount.
He shrugs and turns back to where Uriel is waiting for him patiently, though his gaze is fixed on the training garrison.
“I think that ship has already sailed.” Dean leans back, smiling to beat the bank. “Making you blush is the whole point, Cas. You’re cute when you blush.”
Now that Sam is in the kitchen, Castiel tries to look like he’s studying. He picks up his pen and jots down a few notes. His eyes even actually move over the page. Surprisingly, he even turns it. The true question lies in whether or not he’s actually absorbing anything. Chances are, he isn’t, but Castiel doesn’t really care about anything right now. He feels numb. No, that’s a lie. All he feels right now is pain. But he could say that he’s numbed to it, somewhat.
Which is why he doesn’t quite understand why Dean glares at the back of her head as she moves past him. Although – Didn’t Dean say that she got under his skin when he worked here? Castiel can’t understand why, she seems plenty pleasant. Meg has been very helpful with training him and getting him used to his new job. She’s been very hands on and Castiel couldn’t have asked for anyone better to show him the ropes.
“Yeah, of course.” Dean nods at Sam. “We – Uh, let’s go talk in our room. Sam, you can figure out the rest on your own, right?”
He’s starting to ramble, and Castiel lets him continue. “God, and it’s almost
to make sure that Dean is really alright with this. “Are you sure? I basically
Oh God, that’s too much. Dean has already made the offer to
not ready to see the Winchesters off again. It’s the same as every time they left before, and yet… it’s
There are a million reasons why, and almost all of them are because Castiel is so very selfish. Those Friday nights watching porn brought them closer together. It brought them to
After a few moments of silence, Castiel steps back into his office and shuts the door. He rests his forehead against it and takes another couple seconds to process what was asked of him. It brings up a lot of questions, but only one stands out from the others.
Castiel sighs loudly through his nose and uses his foot to slide the door open enough to let some light in. Anna isn’t in the bed, so she must have gone off to do something. He doesn’t care what it is as long as she does it
Maybe – if there is a next time where the stars align and Sam is gone for a whole night – then
talk about?”
. Sitting there all glowing and alive and injured and obviously being taken care of. They’ve given him food and medical salves and just the fact that they’re keeping him alive is more than enough to get all of them
This is so not something Castiel wants to deal with. The coffee hasn’t finished brewing yet, so he might as well show them where things are. There’s still the chance that he might wake up from all of this.
He grins, fighting back a yawn. Judging by the silence in the kin-connection, it’s obviously still the middle of the night.
Castiel comes to a sharp stop and looks up from his book. “Was that a fire engine?”
clothing always feels so stiff. Castiel much rather prefers staying home in his sweatpants and a sweater. That way, there’s no risk of sullying the family’s name by not looking
“Come on, Dean.” Cas bumps their shoulders now and, sure enough, swipes his finger through the banana cream on Dean’s slice of pie. “Tell me.”
Castiel narrows his eyes at her and his side-fans fold closed slightly.
“Be careful.”
know he’s not, huh?”
Dean finds his hand when they’re all facing forward again. His fingers are hesitant when they slide along his palm. Castiel doesn’t really
particular aspect and Castiel is in no big rush to change that. They’ve never really discussed jomosexual relationships before, so he doesn’t really know how she might react. She’s disappointed he didn’t pursue medicine, but she’s happy that he’s enjoying himself. But dating a
and be voted onto the Council, then Dean will be happy. If he doesn’t make it, then that’s the colony’s fault and they’re missing out on someone who would only ever act with their best interest in mind. The Council already has Bobby and Ellen. Pam’s name is in consideration too, along with Victor. He’s always had a strong sense of justice. He’d be just as perfect for the job as Sam would be.
He squeezes Dean’s shoulders as he opens the kin-connection wide and pours the majority of his memories of the earlier meeting into it for Dean to see.
But Dean isn’t going to be able to enjoy himself tonight. Somewhere in the sea of costumed bodies are a group of shapeshifters – honest to God
“Please, Cas.” Though it almost kills him to beg, Dean really can’t wait any longer. He opens his eyes just enough to see how thoroughly wrecked Cas has become. “I want you.”
“What in the
He sighs and slumps against the wall.
. Oh God, he’s never going to be able to get back to studying now. His curiosity is going to want to know just how many numbers are in that phone and he absolutely doesn’t want to think about it any further.
“Do you have a problem with me sleeping around or something?”
“Definitely.” His grin is teasing as it gets wider. “Anything to make you like me more.”
enjoyed.
It’s the
Dean opens his mouth as if to speak, but he closes it almost immediately as his gaze drops from Castiel’s face to his throat. What little colour still left in his cheeks fades completely. “Cas, I’m –“
That doesn’t make Castiel feel any better. “What if he can’t?”
, not to think about that. It takes every ounce of his will to replace those thoughts with extremely sincere wishes that everything will work out for the best between them.
One thing at a time. There’s still one other matter in their relationship they should discuss before any proposals happen.
That seems good enough. Dean flashes him a smile as he climbs into bed too. He pauses first to open the window, letting the cooler autumn air make the curtains flutter. It’s cooler outside than it is inside, but not by much. Considering that they’re both naked and about to cuddle a lot, it make sense to get some cooler air in the room. Otherwise they’ll be sweating shortly and the snuggling will come to a quick end. Frankly, Castiel thinks they should get a nice AC fan to set up in the bedroom so they can keep cuddling without hearing the sounds of the street with an open window.
Well, at least he has a week to figure things out. He’s going to have to thank Sam somehow for giving him this opportunity. Perhaps on the next paycheck he’ll treak him to dinner or something. Right now, all Castiel can manage is to pat him on the shoulder. “I hope you have fun at the workshop.”
And again he uses hurtful words. They dig under Castiel’s skin to take root. “I don’t understand why you’re upset with me, Dean.” The words are out of him without realizing it, but he’s happy that they’re out. He can’t let Dean talk to him like this and his attitude is starting to get frustrating. “I’ve done nothing wrong.”
“How close are you, Cas?”
? Castiel’s throat closes up and his words come out as a whisper. “I fought with my father.”
Given the life they lead, he should have expected this at some point. But Dean still isn’t ready for it to come out of nowhere. He thought that he would at least
It requires more concentration than it should for Castiel to force himself to relax enough for his wings to fold normally against his back. Usually he has them dropped low enough that the arches can curve around his shoulder to help minimize their presence. It’s automatic in the presence of other people, but he does hold them fairly normally when he’s on his own.
. Dean is lying down again and Castiel grabs his hips to keep him from moving. That hold doesn’t give him enough leverage and he moves his hands to Dean’s ass, pulling him close so he can rock against him
By the time he settles down into his chair in the office and turns his computer on, there is only one message waiting for him on his phone.
Castiel grabs his phone and opens the messaging app. He types in Dean’s phone number before composing a message. Since it’s been so long since they spoke last, it would be best to keep it simple. “Hello, Dean.” He reads it out as he types, testing out how it sounds in case he types something stupid. “How are you? Hope the weather wherever you are is good. We finally started seeing some snow here. It’ll be a white Christmas after all!”
Normally he would answer, but right now Dean’s brain is stalling out. He blinks once, twice, three times before looking at the dog. “You’re not Cas?”
in that he’s wearing a simply tunic and pants. His robes and bags are all missing, but he holds up the letter that Dean had sent by raven. “You called?”
Of course not. Obviously they had the best of intentions and everything, but it’s not like they actually stopped and talked to Cas about
But after a whole rotation of sharing their sleep areas with each other, Castiel is finding it difficult to fall asleep on his own. He has Dean sitting on the edge of his mind, their link trembling slightly – and it’s not because it’s strained by the distance between them. At this point, he can’t tell if it’s his own discomfort or Dean’s. They’re both waiting for their colonies to settle down for a little long before Castiel makes his way over to Dean’s hollow.
, Cas.” She grabs his hand and starts pulling him out of the room. “You need accessories to really make it
[COMING SOON] |
in his hand. He hisses and drops the knife after it slides across his palm instead of the pepper that he had been holding. Blood starts bubbling up immediately and he swings his hand over the sink so it won’t get everywhere.
about how Father looks surprise for a split second before he narrows his eyes. Or how he very carefully and purposefully puts his phone aside. Father picks up his napkin and dabs at his mouth, a purely unnecessary action, although it does signify that they’re
with him – while Sam is
Dean calls after him; “And we
“I get’cha. But I gotta know where he is, though.” Dean nods sagely, hoping that he can make them think he’s speaking gospel. “It’d be real bad for me to let you borrow a car to go to the park without telling him which car you’re gonna be taking, right?”
It takes a little bit longer before Dean jerks awake with a loud gasp; eyes wide and wild. He bucks beneath Castiel and struggles momentarily, but he’s firmly pinned and eventually sags back against the bed. Great heaving breaths rattle through him hard enough that Castiel can
Cas seems to considerate the latter before he shakes his head. “I’d feel better if we split instead of you footing the whole bill. I can have a bit of an – appetite.”
It’s a solid few hours later by the time they get home. After riding around on the bus without any idea of where they’re going, they finally came to the decision that there was nothing else they wanted to do. They agreed that the best thing to do would be to head home and start to prepare supper. Castiel has no idea what Dean will be making, but he knows he’ll eat it and it will be a nice surprise once it’s been prepared. And while Dean does that, he can make preparations of his own.
“No –!” Dean starts struggling to his feet again and Castiel steps back to let him stand, but he stays close enough to be able to support him. He’s angry, more so with himself than Dean, but he’s not heartless. “Don’t go, Cas.” His good hand lands on the back of Castiel’s neck; grip tight. “
the idea of Dean belonging to him just for this little while. And now he wants to taste that word on his tongue. No, he
“Fine. Then you’re just going to have to wait until
With his legs crossed under him, Castiel rests his elbows on his knees and his chin in his hands. He watches, partially bored and partially on edge, as Dean packs up his bag in front of him on the end of the bed. A stack of clean laundry is next to it and Dean sorts through it to put things away in his duffle in some specific order that Castiel doesn’t quite follow.
has changed. He stopped blushing when he looked at Dean after the second day, and they’ve been conversing just fine whenever they talk to one another. But somehow things still feel – they feel not
happy that he’s finally moving. Although, he would have expected Dean to be clinging to him desperately by now. To Castiel’s disappointment, Dean’s hands are fisted in the sheets and they show no hint of moving any time soon. He wants those hands on him; those arms wrapped around him. Those are some of his favourite things about topping.
easily.”
like that so easily. Castiel always feels awkward when he attempts the same.
. Clean linens and thick mattresses stuffed with fresh straw; actual
and crest a sandy hill that looks down out over the rest of the beach. The ocean stretches out from horizon to horizon in front of them and Castiel hesitates in his next step. A
–” His whole body trembles because there’s lightning dancing up his spine and flames in his belly and forget everything he thought before. Castiel is
After dinner, and after cleaning up (because Castiel refuses to leave his kitchen messy on his
Dean shrugs and jiggles the red bolo in his hand. “Hey, I could have totally taken you over here and had Anna on my team.”
. Is this a new kind of team the bright-fin have or are they changing their strategy again?
Dean’s smile is almost brighter than the sun and he steps away with a little bounce in his step. “Awesome!” He picks up one end of the Rubbermaid bin while Sam picks up the other. “Wait right here while we load our shit up in the car and then I’ll be
.” Claire whines, squirming in his hold. Jack, on the other hand, leans into the hug. “Your phone calls were taking too long.”
Oh, not
today. He looks like daddy, but he’s not him.”
.” He’s looking increasingly more upset and Castiel is eternally grateful that Dean isn’t here to yell at him for thinking these things again. “I was still learning how to control my empathy, but I could
Castiel sucks a deep breath through his nose and nods, just barely, but it’s enough.
Although that’s what he says, Castiel ends up watching almost four and a half episodes. He’s always been a sucker for
that should be stopping them from having that.
“I forgot.”
He looks to Dean with an encouraging pulse through the kin-connection.
There’s a shuffling sound in the hallway and Castiel looks over just in time to see a leg disappear around the corner. Great. The argument with Gabriel must have woken Dean up early and he’s probably not going to be happy about it.
that you didn’t text or call us about this. After the
that must be met. For one, they are both far too dressed for what will be coming next. Even though he’s wrapped up in the kisses, Castiel still gets quite the kick from peeling Dean’s clothes from him.
Castiel doesn’t fault him for it, though. The Impala is a precious memento of Dean’s parents. He would never ask Dean to give it up just to get him out of jail. There would be no need for it considering his own savings account
? It’s making Dean’s head hurt just to think about it all! At least there’s one thing he can be sure of right now – and it’s that Cas still has excitement ringing around his mind. It’s a bit overshadowed by the unusual silence of his emotions, but it’s something, at least. This means that Cas is
According to him, Dean’s favourite part about his position is when he gets to handle disputes like they did today. If they can deal with it on their own, they have the authority to do so. They also have the authority to decide whether or not it’s something that needs to be brought in front of the Councils. Dean even enjoys carrying messages back and forth between the Councils more than he does having to listen in at the meetings.
Sam would complain about it, but this is Cas’s house, technically. He’s the one who bought it and moved out here when his job transferred him. It took six months of a long-distance relationship for Dean to decide to pack up his whole life and move him and Sam out here to be with him.
not enough.”
Most people who shop here are, in his experience, friendly but tend to keep to themselves. That’s why Dean finds it a little weird when someone steps
“Yeah, it’s weird.” He shrugs and licks sauce from his fork. “Bobby’s insisting on this garage-wide meeting
. Once upon a time that would have made Dean a very happy boy. Now it’s kind of creeping him out and he can’t enjoy his beer properly. He’s also in the process of trying to update his spell book and make a list of all the spells that he might be able to power-up now that Cas joined the team – if he ever got up the cajones to ask him.
I’ll keep you updated. Tonight will be
Honey pawed at his leg, her nose nudged at his pocket with the dog treats. “Hey there, girl.” He patted her neck and she barked, tail wagging.
“I’m sure you are.”
To: ImpalaGuy
April stepped back and pinched the bridge of her nose. “What’s wrong? Is it me?”
Jack returned with a plate of cookies. He held it out to Claire and she smiled. “Thanks.”
NYC418
Draft: Miss You
“When you gonna ask him out,” asks Claire as she scoots up on the counter.
ImpalaGuy: do you want too
“Hey don’t sell yourself short.”
He frowned. “Well Bobby, if you don’t like it you don’t have to stay.”
A voice over. “Castiel Novak, member of the Milton family and executive of Milton Books east coast, had this to say.”
The multi-levels to the building were his favorite part. The promise of entirely different lands of books, waiting to be discovered. He wanted to recreate the feel he got when he stepped foot into his university library for the first time. Sure, there were multiple ones on campus, but it had been
“Yeah, I told you to get a therapist at Christmas. Did you not?” He looked at him and groaned. “No, of course you didn’t.”
The man turned around and it was Steve from weeks ago. “It’s lovely to meet you, I’m Castiel Novak.”
“That’s an understatement.” He drank half his juice. “Here’s the thing. That whole ‘it’s not personal, it’s business’ bullshit is exactly that: bullshit. Because it might not be personal to you Mr. Top of the Chain, but it is to people like me. To my employees. We all got dicked over by your store and no witty phrase is gonna bring it back.” He set his glass down too fast, juice lept to the edges, one drop dribbled down the side. “So, here I am, not sure why you even want to be here.”
“Is that a possibility?”
Eggs. Sugar. Flour. What else went into making cookies? Maybe he shouldn’t make cookies for Thanksgiving. Wait until Christmas instead. He would have an extra month to prepare, make sure he had all of the supplies and ingredients. Perhaps he could ask ImpalaGuy for help. He was obviously well-versed in the art of holiday baking, whereas he had no skill in it whatsoever. However, it meant he had to return the items. He pushed through the crowd towards the baking aisle and stopped.
“He didn’t reject you —”
Sam sat his mug on the counter. “Would you want to meet him again.”
“Obviously.”
“Gonna put in any effort or are you just going to live on this boat for the rest of your life? I think Honey might like to feel grass under paws at some point.”
“Bruschetta.”
Plenty. None that she would want, however. “I don’t want to ruin anything.”
-o-O-o-
“That’s a quick turn for someone who was being a pie snob.”
Re: Holidays
Dean dropped the tortellini into the pot. “Just remember to enjoy all of it.”
“They said you got to be on them for a little bit. Just keep track of the side effects and they’ll adjust them if they need to or get you a completely new one if this one just isn’t compatible. Or they can ease you off them if you hate them, we’ll get you out with the psychiatrist and only keep you with the therapist. ” She squeezed his forearm. “Remember, you can’t change everything in one day. It’s a slow process.”
Okay then. “Anything else?”
“Or we can come back for another lunch.”
“Fair, you could’ve just said she was a visiting cousin are a long time friend.”
“Tell that to the permanent ‘Dean’ spot in the couch. First thing first, resume. Then we can get back to work on the Get Dean Back Into Civilization Project.”
He shuffled and dropped his gaze. “My parents always gave me the impression I couldn’t do any of this without their prodding and meddling. I assumed I was a weak leader.”
In a flash Dean’s got the alpha in a head-lock and tosses his ass out the door. He locks the door and watches the alpha stumble to stand up. “Go the fuck home, man, or I will call the cops on your ass.”
“Yeah, thanks for checking in.” Dean rubbed the back of his neck.
“What’s your game plan after the new year?” asked Bobby.
“No. I should go. I should never have let it get this far.” He turned to walk away and Meg gripped his shoulders.
Dean turned towards the boy in the man’s arms. “Llamas, huh? Is there anything else in the book you remember?”
“C’mon Char, he didn’t show up. I should have known how to take a hint.”
He peeked into the oven. Stil soft, no crispy edges. “I hear we’re going to your parents’ for Christmas.”
“Change of plans.”
“I suppose that’s the best I can ask for in this situation.” He smiled and left the daisies on the counter. “Enjoy the flowers and I hope you feel better soon.”
“Shit,” she hissed and punched his shoulder.
She snorted and rolled her eyes. “I told you: from the inside. Now, let’s get some of that caviar. There are only two pluses to these events: expensive food and schmoozing people. I want to be stuffed full of food I can’t normally buy and have more leverage coming my way by the end of the night.” She stepped close forward and bumped into a woman. “Sorry — oh hi, April.”
You know I’m here to help whenever you need. Any more questions, just send them my way.
He flicked on the overhead lights. “You too, Kev. How did your test go?”
A woman dropped a hand on her shoulder. “What do we say?”
"Still—figuring out I was beta and not omega was the best thing that ever happened. All the discomfort from my presentation kind of melted the more comfortable I got declaring myself as beta."
“She’s not entirely wrong. Imagining Grandpa Zachy getting it on with a twenty-seven year old doctoral student is a horrifying image.”
NYC418
“Got room for more?” She stood in the doorway, top gone and her breasts covered in whipped cream. Maraschino cherries studded the middle of each where her nipple would be. The right one slipped through the melting cream.
-o-O-o-
“Can you grab me an onion?”
ImpalaGuy: My roommate says I’m too much of a caretaker.
“What, I can’t talk to my brother?”
ImpalaGuy: It’s not like I purposefully forget. And sometimes the depression and anxiety make it worse.
From: NYC418
NYC418
NYC418: mmm too bad I interrupted the blow job. I bet you look pretty on your knees
To: ImpalaGuy
Re: Honey
“One, you got an invitation too — Billie adores us — and two, Dorothy and I aren’t there yet. Also, three, these people don’t know I’m queer as they come.”
“Cause here’s the thing: you’ve won. I’m sure you’ve heard about the store closing already, so I don’t think we have anything left to discuss.”
"Hello Dean." Cas tries to see if he can pick up the song from the beat, but it's not anything he recognizes from Dean's cassette collection. "New music?"
“I’m his brother!”
ImpalaGuy: computer’s real bright
Castiel sighed. “Yes, well so is Mother. She’s decided that monthly calls are important, especially now that I’ve gotten serious about marriage and the family I have long denied her.”
NYC418: You’re telling me
“There is the general public, though I don’t think any mildly embarrassing situations about me would make headlines. I’m not that important.”
Ah, the wisdom of nine year olds. “Well, I’ll be at Christmas, you can guarantee. I won’t leave you alone with just the stuffy adults and Jack.”
each other.” She kissed his cheek. “Not that I haven’t loved what we’ve done, but it’s been six months Cas. Isn’t it about time we speed things up?”
She wasn’t wrong. “I’m indifferent, but you didn’t ask.”
“The fuck, Charlie?”
NYC418: I’d like to feel that
-o-O-o-
NYC418: yes, cybersex
Re:Re: Regrets
He nudged her shoulder. “You’re a good friend.”
“Not today, but I promise one day to take both of you out on a special trip.”
He punched end. “Son of a bitch.”
“Pie for lunch? You rebel.”
Ouch. They were making teenagers sooner and sooner. He grabbed the mixing bowl and set it in the water. “I’d like to think I’m different.”
What did an executive for Milton Books have to be embarrassed about? “I promise I won’t make fun of you.”
He cut a piece and held it out for Dean. God, he felt cheesy doing it, but what else was he going to do? Steal Dean’s fork? He could have held the fork out to him to take, but was it too late? Apparently, because Dean leaned forward and ate the piece off the fork, a shit-eating grin on his face.
“Maybe we should do that sometime. Order take out.” She leaned over his shoulder. “Put on a movie.” Draped her fingers down his shoulder to his chest. “Get to really
To: ImpalaGuy
Dean shifted in his chair. He couldn’t deny he did the same sometimes. A lot more frequently lately than before all of this shit started.
“How long you guys been split up?”
To: ImpalaGuy
The problem being, he was probably the asshole. He got where Castiel came from — he put his foot in his mouth before — but Castiel seemed to have everything figured out and then kept doing it. He looked upset when he stormed out, but it wasn’t his job to make sure Castiel Novak was happy and well adjusted. That was his wife or whoever. He didn’t even know if the guy was married. Probably was — as much as he hated the guy he had to admit he looked good. She had gone to Billie’s release party — May? No, April. Castiel would go home, a bit disgruntled. A nice dinner would be at the table. No kids, but maybe a dog eager to see his owner. April would listen to his day, soothe him, relax him. After dinner, they would go back to their bedroom and she’d know just where to put her hands, her lips, to make him come undone.
“Don’t tell me if you could get married you wouldn’t in a heartbeat.”
“You’re welcome. Hope to see you guys again. Goodbye Claire, bye Jack.”
“I never did. I’m Dean.”
April appeared from the dining room doorway. “Babe, I’ve saved a seat next to me.”
“What are you gonna do today?” Sam leaned against the kitchen counter, coffee in one hand, toast in the other.
I’m glad you sent that, I needed something to smile about. I’ve been trying the breathing and I think it’s helped. My roommate agreed with you about the therapy. I haven’t gone yet, but I’m at least considering it, which is a massive accomplishment from me. (Also, don’t worry I haven’t told my roommate everything we talk about. She’s just nosey.) I wish I could visit you. Honey, all hyper-dog aside, sounds like a great dog. I’m kinda picky about dogs, but I think I could make a concession for yours. Give her an extra pat from me. Speaking of dogs, I saw a couple walking their dog in a baby stroller. Is this a new thing I’m not aware about or was this just a weird couple? I laughed though when an older woman tried to say hi to the “baby.” She nearly screamed when she saw that French Bulldog.
-o-O-o-
He could approach him, but he didn’t want to come off as accusatory. He wanted — he wasn't sure. But he didn’t want to squabble with him like children. The revelation about his corporate personality made him stumbled. Meg worked with him, clarified what she meant, and it was — eye opening. He knew change wouldn’t happen in a day. It would be a long road to becoming the person he thought he was, and that’s not to say he would drop his entire corporate personality, but he wanted to be better. And being self-aware is the first step.
From: NYC418
Dean pats Garth on the back and turns towards Cas. “Um, is it alright if we talk? In the back?”
“No, no, nobody should be looking for a
Cut to his interview. “Milton Books is here to provide discount books in a wide range of genres for a wide range of ages.”
NYC418: Should we meet?
Dean watched his step as he put
What’s up with Leap Year? I get it serves a purpose, but it catches you off guard, you know? Within the first two months of the new year when you’re still putting the old year on your checks — bam! An extra day that only comes every four years.  Everyone’s thrown off. At least with things like elections and the Olympics, they’re special events. We put time out of our schedule to participate. But no, leap day is not opt-in. We’ve all got to get through it. If there was some fanfare, I could get behind it, but it’s just a normal day. Waste of an extra day if you ask me.
Dean sat down and played with the petals on the flowers. “I’m thinking about it.” He turned to Bobby. “What would Mom do?”
“And instead you got me.”
From: NYC418
From: ImpalaGuy
“Just think about it. Don’t deny yourself over something with a fairly easy solution. If neither of them want to date you, you’ll still have good friends, and we can go get trashed at a bar. I’m gonna have your whole life turned around by summer if it’s the last thing I do.”
-o-O-o-
. Was he even important enough that would be an issue? No, that was a bit of narcissism.
it to be you.”
Dean chuckled. “Sure. I bet we have just the right one for you.”
“No not at all.” He walked up to him and laid a hand on in Honey’s fur. “She’ll love anyone who gives her treats.”
I understand if you don’t want to message me anymore. First, I don’t meet with you and don’t even tell you why. Then, I cheated on my girlfriend with you (though to be honest by then the relationship had run its course, but that’s not an excuse. I had all the information and you had none.)
NYC418
Dean shook his head. He had a turkey thawing in his sink to attend.
What a dork. Yet here he was, months since he first struck up the idea for them to hang out and almost half a year since he first met Dean. And it was nice. “Sometimes you have to treat yourself.”
Re: My Ex
Re: Leap Year
-o-O-o-
“Love?” And where had that even come from, well, not exactly from nowhere. “I don’t think so, not yet.”
To: ImpalaGuy
Cas sighs and pulls the day’s newspaper from under the counter along with the change in his pocket. “Go on and have fun. Please stay dry.”
ImpalaGuy: I like to cook and bake. Nothing’s more therapeutic after a bad day then kneading dough.
ImpalaGuy: Have you always been this much of a smart-ass?
Oh no. “April, it’s too soon.”
“You’ve gotten yourself into one hell of a mess.”
NYC418: Sounds delicious, wish I could eat some.
“Will do.” He settled the phone back in the cradle. He pulled a throw off the back of the couch and wrapped it around his shoulders. Honey padded into the room, hopped up, and settled against his legs. He rubbed the fur on the side of her neck and her tail twitched. He grabbed the remote and flipped through the channels to a cooking show.
Shrimp and pasta in creamy alfredo sauce, a basket of covered bread, a bottle of wine breathing on the table. Castiel frowned. “What’s all this?”
“I do.” Charlie reached out and Dean handed her his mug. She placed it against her face and groaned. “Warm.” She took a sip. “I got caught up in my campaign last night and stayed over. Dorothy is such a great DM, made sure I got the good blanket before I passed out. You should join us. We’re almost done and you can take that time to build up your character sheet.”
Dean took a deep breath, braced himself against the table. “Yeah, it’s just a lot coming up all at once. They’ve been really supportive of me the last year, you know with everything, and so I’ve got a lot of emotions tangled up with them. I know I’m gonna like them regardless, because I can’t imagine being that close to someone and it not translating to in person. It’s just
“Dean are you still here?” The front door shut and the lock clicked in place. Keys skittered as they fell in the bowl next to the door.
“Charlie —”
“Relax, the workers won’t rat you out to your mother. What are you going to do with April? I don’t see you going endgame with her.”
She squealed. “You tease. I have something very, very, exciting planned for you.”
“If you’d truly like to see me in heels, you only can on Saturdays under the Angel. I’ve been told it’s quite the treat.”
“Yeah, but I thought you at least knew the way you acted. I thought it was deliberate, trying to make your mark in the Milton empire.”
ImpalaGuy: honestly, i’m more surprised you are you seem like the kind of responsible adult to pack it up after old lame zine
P.S. I missed this
She cracks a wide, honest smile he hasn’t seen in two weeks.“Aw, you’re the best sugar daddy a girl could hope for.”
Dean beamed. “You might just be all right.”
This set isn't bad. A few stains here and there from slick, lube, and the rest that is expected. Spots of blood, most likely from a successful mating bite, dot the sheets and the edges of one of the pillowcases. Cas pulls out an industrial bottle of Scent-B-Gone and turns the tap on cold for the soak sink. He has two hours left until he is done for the day, time enough to soak, scrub, and wash this set. Next shift will make sure they get sent through to the dryers.
Cas twists towards the door. The Mating Washroom is in the back for a reason, so if he can hear a commotion from the front, it isn’t going to be pretty.
Dean yawned as he walked through the bedroom doorway towards his computer desk. He could smell coffee from the kitchen, but there was no sign of Charlie. Either she was late coming in or she had already left for the day. More likely the former than the latter. He booted up his computer and padded into the kitchen. The sun’s rays blinked through the kitchen curtains and a steady breeze blew leaves and debris down the sidewalk. Dean poured his coffee and took a deep breath. Blessed be the automatic coffee maker.
Gabe teased the bottle wrapper. “Why don’t you tell him you’re NYC418? What’s stopping you? You’re friends, right, so it shouldn’t be an issue. Not like when you were still at each other throats.”
NYC418: i’ve got friends
ImpalaGuy: So you just stay up.
-o-O-o-
To: NYC418
“I had to chuck out your soy milk the other day, it got bad. And I swear I saw dust on your computer. Dust, Charles.”
“It’s derision, not snot. I’m just surprised by my own lack of foresight is all.”
“Then how did you get so big?”
NYC418: I’ll be wearing a tan trench coat
“But, you’ve been hanging out with the guy for months, surely you’ve dropped a phrase or a hint or something.” Meg walked over to the fridge and pulled out three beers. “Said something only NYC418 would know? I can’t believe you haven’t spilled the beans.”
Her foot inched farther, then pulled back, go back up. He squirmed in his seat. It should be easy. Not tonight. Not right now. I thought we were having a nice meal. “That’s kind of you to say. I would hate to be anything less than that.”
“Then why won’t you fuck me? Do I literally have to throw myself on you? A relationship is more than just talking and going on dates. It’s about listening to your partner. I want to be intimate.”
He stood up to hug her. “I’m still happy for both of you. We should celebrate.” He walked to the kitchen and pulled out the good whiskey from Christmas. Charlie sat the tumblers down on the counter. “To you and Dorothy.” He held his glass up. “May you have a long and happy life together.”
Castiel bristled. “I’m trying to be nice.”
“Shut the damn door. Letting all the cold in.”
To: ImpalaGuy
“I’m just passing through, but I heard about your store. If there’s anything I can do, let me know. Signings, protests, riots, you know I can deliver.”
“Wait, so you’re dating this person.”
Castiel watched Gabriel leave and stayed leaned against the wall. His mother stepped out of the sitting room and smiled. “I was surprised April came with you. I thought you were going to her parents?”
He rolled his eyes and crouched down. “Look, I know I’ve probably been a pain in the ass to you, and honestly you’re still kinda on my shit list, but it’s not beneath me to help a guy out.” He picked up the bundle of vegetables and bag of flour. “Good thing it didn’t burst. That would’ve sucked.”
Dean stepped down the steps and hurried down the sidewalk. He was glad he remembered the dog treats for Honey before he sprinted out the door. Why did he have to take so long picking out a shirt? Who takes that long to pick out a shirt anyway? Him, apparently. He pushed his way around other pedestrians, eager to make it to the park. His pie date — not a date, not a
Kevin jumped from his seat. “Mermaid? Dolphin? Siren? Give me something to work with.” Charlie shook her head and held up one finger. “One word.” She rotated her fist in a circle. “Oh, oh, oh, movie. I missed that. But is it still a mermaid?” She nodded. “Oh, oh, OH, OH, Tom Hanks, Tom Hanks, SPLASH.”
Bobby snorted. “Yeah, yeah, I got it.” He faced Dean. “One, Mary says she loves you. Two, she says exactly what I said earlier: do what makes you happy. If fighting for her legacy does, do it. If closing shop to pursue your dreams will make you happy, do it. Your Mama didn’t want you to shackle yourself to this store out of guilt or some missed place idea that it would keep her alive. She’s always wanted you to follow your dreams. So, what feels right to you?”
“I got advice.”
ImpalaGuy: Like, I know we talk about the good stuff too, but it’s nice to have someone to lean on
“I’m thinking about checking in with some publishing companies, see what they’ve got. Probably will get stuck in slush piles, but it’s something. I’m not really into the idea of working at another bookstore.”
Castiel pocketed his phone and sipped on his coffee. Not as great as what he could make at home, but every drop helped him stay awake. He shifted as he waited for Meg to show up, slightly late as always and most likely with an outrageous tale. The building had come along nicely — paint finished last week, furniture was scheduled for the end of next week, there would be the tour for investors the week before the store would open, then the ribbon cutting ceremony and it would be operating by the time holiday shopping would begin.
From: NYC418
“So how long are you going to sleep on the floor? Or are you going to have Hannah send someone out to get you new furniture?”
“Some. Mom let me put up decorations in my room and in our hallway. Not in the sitting room or public hallways where guests can see.”
“Sure, Dad.”
ImpalaGuy: It probably doesn’t help we immediately went into heavy stuff
“How will you even know who it is anyway?”
I could never get rid of you. It means a lot to me to get your e-mails.
ImpalaGuy
Dean snorted.
, which went as well as you can imagine. Do you have any recommendations?
NYC418
Dean is kind. A bright soul amongst the many.
ImpalaGuy: cybersex
“Me too, but you know how she is. In for a second, out the next. She’s got wheels for feet,” added Bobby.
-o-O-o-
“Are you all right? Did something happen?” Dean’s eyes were a touch red and under his eyes were dark.
-o-O-o-
“Should I look for another job,” whispered Kevin.
To: NYC418
Krissy groaned and threw her piece of paper on the ground. “Whoever wrote this one sucks.”
“There’s bats, and cows, and mamas.” He moved his
ImpalaGuy
“It’s because they’re hoping I’ll propose to you.”
He pulled a treat out and slipped it to Honey. Good, she’d be distracted. “Yes.” Cas leaned in and kissed him, a gentle press. He pulled back and rested his forehead against Cas’s. “Wanna go back to that pie shop?”
ImpalaGuy: Me too, I love to share.
Dean scooped up dip and slapped it on his plate. “So, were you spying on my shop when you came in?”
“I’m glad.” He stirred and opened the freezer to pull out the fresh tortellini he bought earlier in the day. “So that would explain the extra all nighters then. Don’t forget to sleep, it’s important.”
“I’m not sure. Obviously it’s worked this far, but is that the kind of person I want to be? Like my parents?” A pause. “Like my mother?”
From: ImpalaGuy
NYC418: Thank God for kleenex, right?
“Turn — turn — ugh, I just need him to turn to see if he’s got the book.”
I want you to know Honey glowed when I told her what you had to say about her. She’s very receptive to endearments and compliments. I have to make sure to curb them or it will go straight to her head. A dog might do you some good. They’re non judgemental, force you to get up and leave your bed, and make fine listeners. They also cannot be emotionally burdened by what you say and will only ever give you love in return — at least that’s been my experience with Honey. She’s a gentle, sweet soul, who will only trash your apartment when there are treats hidden everywhere. One of my acquaintances hid them to earn her trust, which completely backfired as Honey had no idea of who planted them, but only knew my apartment had suddenly turned into a magic doggy treat dispenser. It also explained the vomit I found in the back of my closet.
“Ha! Proves what you know. These are Versace.” She looked down at his loafers and snorted. “I’d like to see you in a pair of my heels, but you can’t last five minutes.”
To: NYC418
He frowned. “I am every year. Did someone tell you I wouldn’t?”
NYC418: I’d like to think it’s endearing
To: ImpalaGuy
His father shrugged. “Suit yourself.”
The shower turned off. He poured himself another cup of coffee and sat down at his computer.
No. They weren’t his kids.
“That’s the point. I want people to feel welcomed. This will be good for the area.” Castiel glowed with pride.
Not to minimize your feelings, but I think that’s general feel whenever anyone ends a portion of their life. High school, college, relationships, death of family members — a lot can disturb the life you’ve built up. I think what you need most is stability. You want to be able to have something stay in your life and not change. Isn’t the American Dream: a steady job, spouse and kids, roof over your head, and the promise that your life won’t change if you don’t want it to, that you can continue to live the life you’ve built?
He grunted. “Better than last week. I’d say there’s some merit to this plan.”
“Yeah, Dean’s got himself an internet friend. They’ve been talking back and forth for, what, almost a year now?”
“I'd feel better if there was someone there to watch over you.”
ImpalaGuy: No, it’s called having a hobby. You’re allowed to have those.
Well that could be anyone. “You can’t come up. I’ve got a cold. I’m contagious.” He coughed into the speaker. “I hacked up green gunk into the sink this morning. I’ve got an orange juice IV in. I’m not fit for company.” There was a knock on the door, not too loud, polite. Well, shit. Someone must have let him inside. He threw on his robe and stuffed the strewn Kleenexs into his pockets and kicked them to the side. He peeped through the peep hole and it was Castiel Novak, a bouquet of Gerber daisies in his hands. He ruffled his hair and opened the door. “Do you really want to come in?”
-o-O-o-
Steve wrapped an arm around her shoulders. “Yes, this is my Aunt Claire.”
He kicked Gabe. “It was after his store had announced they were closing. It was the worst time for me to meet him in the first place. What was I supposed to do? Just tell him we had been talking back and forth for months and he should ignore every other interaction with me? I couldn’t do that and he certainly didn’t let me.”
ImpalaGuy: wrap my arms around your waist
-o-O-o-
Claire ran to get the aprons he bought them and April smiled across the counter. He could make it work. Besides, it did no good to break up during the holidays. Too many nosy relatives and know it alls to pounce on him when he didn’t show up with April — his mother would be the head of the pack. Good things first: there were cookies to decorate.
From: NYC418
“I’m not. Back then I was a total jackass. I’m sure it was a major disappointment to have me show up when the person you wanted to show up didn’t?” Wait, did Dean tell him that. “Well, they at least didn’t show up while I was there or you would have made sure I’d left.”
He sat down and loaded AOL, the accompanying voice-over played while he took his first sip. Page loaded, he browsed his inbox and found what he was looking for — a message from NYC418. Dean smiled and clicked.
From: NYC418
NYC418: I can’t even say I’d do the same for all my friends because I don’t. At least not in awhile.
“Look harder.”
Cas drummed his fingers on the island. “I’m in love with Dean, aren’t I?”
“It’s Dean Winchester.”
“I’m starting to regret this. I should have gone to my yoga class.”
-o-O-o-
“Shit, I’ve got it. Thanks.”
The fuck? “Your nephew, huh?”
-o-O-o-
“‘Cause you’re so tall!”
To: ImpalaGuy
NYC418
Cas steps to the side next to the kids and looks them over. The older one smells sweet like late-bloomer omega. The younger one couldn’t be older than six. “Are you alright?”
Saved at 8:34 AM EST
NYC418
ImpalaGuy: Hey, I’ll be the judge of attractiveness
Dean scrapped his fork against the plate. “This has been nice.” He huffed and scooped up the pie crumbs and melted whipped cream. “Remember when you saw me in that coffeeshop, like, in January?”
“I’m looking forward to it. The kids like each other and I think it will do us all good to bond.”
“I know, I just — I don’t know.”
“Hey Sammy.”
Re:Re: Relationships
“You realize you don’t
-o-O-o-
Castiel held the door open as they spilled out onto the sidewalk. A black car pulled up to the curb and Claire and Jack fell out and ran across the sidewalk. “Cas! Cas! Cas!”
“Definitely cheesy this morning.”
Castiel stood up and pulled his shoulders in. “I’ll probably see you around.” He walked out of the cafe and left Dean alone again.
ImpalaGuy: bad oh or good oh
To: NYC418
Charlie clapped and nodded. “Thank God. I thought you would never get it.”
Steve ushered the kids out the door and shut the balloons on the other side. The door opened again. “I’m glad that wasn’t the fish.” He bopped the balloons out the door and held tight to the string so they would follow. It was cute. And exactly the kind of interactions Dean knew they couldn’t replicate at Milton Books.
Dean hummed as he walked up the step ladder to hang lights in the display window. Since Thanksgiving passed, the holiday season officially began. Carols wavered in the background, Krissy had left to pick up treats and Kevin was in storage looking for the lost box of ornaments. Bobby would be back with a tree at some point. Just him and the store. There’s a hush layered over the store that only seems to appear late at night, different from the pre-open quiet. The quiet where he feels closest to his mom.
He cringed. “No thank you. I’d hate for you to get it. I know you’re so busy at work.” He cleared his throat. “Could you get me a glass of water before you leave?”
I picked out some yarn today and thought of you. The sales associate was very kind when she asked what my wife sent me to get her.
He opens the rarely used bottom drawer of his bedside table and drops the green feather into it. Castiel won’t give it to Dean right now because
Sleep must take him again, because the room is brighter than before when he wakes again. This time it’s to Dean squirming underneath him as he tries to sit up. Castiel isn’t quite ready to let him go yet and he worms his arms under Dean to hold him tightly. If he gets up, the dream might come to an end and that’s not something he’s willing to give up just yet.
Time to pull out the big guns – as Dean would put it. He takes a deep breath and whimpers Dean’s name softly, just to try and get his attention. “
Dean would be this kind and accepting, as he always is. But it’s too much. “That’s not fair to you, Dean.”
That doesn’t seem to calm Dean any. He continues drumming his fingers as he swallows thickly. “What if we talk about it after we eat? Like, maybe when we’re walking on the beach?”
Just in case, Castiel spreads his fans in warning. His back-fans ache, but they both extend themselves fully and he’s fairly sure there are no issues with his side-fans either. But even his warning display doesn’t stop the older female. She continues her slow trek across the small cave and only when she is closer does Castiel notice the woven kelp bag in her hand. He pelts it with sound and marvels at the weaving pattern. It’s different from the one they use back in the colony.
The frown only deepens the wrinkles between Cas’s eyebrows. “Visit just so I can stay in one of your mansion bedrooms? Having to walk a mile just to be able to see you? No thank you.”
? What do numbers have to do with sex? Now Castiel
Behind closed eyes, an image of Dean takes shape. He’s kneeling on the bed, naked except for the lacey, satiny panties stretched tight over his ass. The Dean in his head isn’t coy or embarrassed about his scars not being covered up. He’s grinning and wanton; knows he’s sexy and –
“Oh.” Well now
a good idea, but it still rubs Dean’s scales the wrong way. Dean wants to know what Cas’s family looks like so he can keep an eye out for them on the battlefield. He’s got a tentative not-quite-friendship and Dean doesn’t want to make it worse by one of his kin taking down one of Cas’s siblings.
For the first time in his entire life, Dean feels Sam actually
Alistair reaches out and puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder, squeezing it hard enough that his claws press into Dean’s skin. He fights not to flinch.
.” Sam sneers and takes another draw from the bottle. It doesn’t burn so much anymore and it just makes him feel really floaty. Like the clouds came down out of the sky to sit in his brain and his bones. “Dean, I
and sex all at the same time. Especially if that sex involves the both of them. At the same time. Oh no. Oh no, no,
No one speaks of it in public, but Castiel has frequented the internet enough to know that in the dark corners of it there’s talk. Non-mutants whisper about how the only way they’ll be safe from a mutant uprising is another Holocaust – a
When Dean starts shuffling him backwards, Castiel goes willingly. He ends up with his back pressed against the whiteboard, thankfully missing the little tray and cup. Those would have been annoyingly painful against his back. It might have even broken up the kiss and that would have been an outright travesty if it had.
gift, is it? Are you – You’re not
And it’s getting increasingly difficult to answer him. Dean can hardly breathe and he feels like he’s going to boil alive in his skin. The worst thing is that it’s not enough. He wants
sitting under his ribs now that won’t be satisfied until he’s got Cas laughing so hard that he’s going to fall out of his saddle.
“Go back to sleep.” Dean shushes him a few times and presses a kiss to Castiel’s forehead. “You’ll feel better in the morning.”
know him nearly as well as Dean thought he did. “When did I ever say I would buy a
“As you wish.” Cas sits back on his heels and shrugs out of the coat in a fluid motion; tossing it over the edge of the bed.
“Not interested in getting back into the thick of things, huh?”
savings account. One has an almost embarrassingly large amount of money in it from before his father cut him off, and the other is from when he got a job. The second account is what he uses for school, bills, and supporting Zeppelin and Einstein. It might be going slowly, but the second account actually
As much as he would like it to be him so he actually feels useful in this rebellion, it’s probably not possible.
Sam doesn’t speak until he’s closed the trunk and Dean starts seriously considering climbing through the passenger side so he can get out of here. “I need your help on another hunt.”
after sex hasn’t improved over the last few years, but Dean never complains. If anything, he takes advantage of it for some non-night time spooning. Sometimes he naps too, and sometimes he scrolls mindlessly on his phone. And, sometimes, he confesses to imagining what it would be like if they were married with a home of their own where they both live full time with no need to drive six-hours to see one another.
There’s a little happy light that sits warmly behind Castiel’s ribs whenever Dean looks  at the helmet and just
and started looking up your information.” He sighs and leans back on his hands. “Apparently he thought that both you and I could do with a proper friend.”
Dean nods and he doesn’t seem any happier about it than Castiel is.
Of course Sam takes it like a champ and shrugs it off.
Jess turns around on the couch, settling on her knees while she crosses her arms over the back of the couch. “Sam, babe, where the hell is this coming from?”
! The only door Dean unlocked was the passenger door with the
When the fang-fin crashes into him, it forces a sharp cry out of his throat. The jarring jolt of being shoved toward the seafloor makes him feel light headed to the point that he doesn’t even worry about crashing into the rocks. Which doesn’t happen, though it’s a close call. The echoes he calls out as he struggles away from the fang-fin bounce back almost immediately, making his already spinning head hurt more. The tackle has done more than make his body ache, it’s making his
Castiel steps closer and takes Dean’s arm in hand. He rubs his thumbs over the scars along his wrist. “And what about these?”
To everyone’s surprise, Raphael’s fans flare in aggression at one point and he bares his teeth with a hiss. Michael responds in kind and immediately Gabriel and Lucifer are at his sides. From their seats, Anna, Balthazar and Castiel all rise up. They don’t swim down
Aunt Amara doesn’t apologize, but she does pour more wine into his glass. “Drink up, kiddo. You need to loosen that stick up your butt.”
“And you were shocked at
Anna stops too and crosses her arms, a pout forming on her lips.
looks surprised. Both of his eyebrows are raised, but at least his eyes are on the road again. “Ye-e-e-eah… That’s what I meant in the first place.”
“No, she wouldn’t be.”
“Okay.” Castiel nods, feeling just a little dumbfounded. This didn’t go at all how he thought it was going to go. “Okay.”
put into place. He looks back at Dean with an expression that probably shares a kinship with horror. “Dean, the
He had been expecting the question at some point this morning, but he’s still not ready to think about what he’s going to be doing all day. “I don’t know. It’s the weekend.”
The warning seems to be enough and Dean closes his eyes. He sucks lightly at Castiel’s thumb and the feeling travels up his arm, down his torso, and settles hot and pulsing in his gut. That’s all it takes for him to be
look that tickles Castiel’s interest and annoys him all at the same time. “What do you want to use? Something that you wouldn’t normally scream in bed.”
There’s been a weight sitting on his chest for the last several hours and it lifts just a little bit in that moment. If anyone would understand about how he’s feeling today, it would be the Winchesters. They know the pain of losing a parent so suddenly – and violently.
Castiel doesn’t answer. He takes Dean to the little kitchenette and puts him down in one of the chairs. The door closes behind him and, when he looks, he notes that Sam propped the crutch up against the wall inside the room before leaving. Castiel makes a mental note to thank him later for giving them privacy, and to apologize for essentially kicking him out of the room. For all he knows, Sam might not have even gotten any sleep last night.
.” He’s on his feet in an instant and coming around the table before Castiel has even pushed his chair in. “Shit, Cas, I’m sorry.” Dean pulls him into a tight hug, his face pressed to the junction of neck and shoulder. “I never wanted you to feel like that.”
When the drum scene arrives, Castiel doesn’t understand why Sam warned him to fast forward it and especially why that would be necessary for Dean’s sake. At least – he doesn’t understand for the first few minutes of it. And then the main characters, Neo and Trinity, sneak off to have sex. Nothing explicit is being shown, but it’s the most that Castiel has ever seen in any of the movies that they’ve watched together. Everything else usually changes scenes after the actors start kissing.
A shiver runs down Castiel’s spine at the inflection and accent Gabriel uses. “Please don’t ever speak in that tone again.”
Dean looks down at the box and frowns. “You sure? That looks… not fun.” His nose is stinging just thinking about trying to wax it. He had to wax his hand after that incident with the Antichrist kid, and that was
Castiel has a million questions stirring up in his mind and Anna must be able to sense them. She tugs at his wrist and her amusement dances along the link between them.
on those desires and they really should be doing that instead of gabbing about shit that doesn’t really matter so much right now.
The witch, however, could probably have gone without seeing it. Poor kid.
Castiel shrugs and adjust his course slightly, knowing that Dean will follow him even if he’s not heading towards the feeding grounds.
How do you go about asking someone
Dean interrupts before he can get any further, and he does it in the best way possible. He angles his hips and rocks them hard, grinding against Castiel’s erection and sending stars to dance across his vision. “See, you say that and now all I want to do is make it even harder for you.”
It’s an entirely different matter for Dean, though.
After a thorough inspection of the camera, Castiel gets up to give Gabriel a hug. It’s crushing and results in quite a bit of whining, but he doesn’t care. A hug like this is deserved after such a truly wonderful gift. He holds it for a lot longer than needed because that is absolute deserved given just how close Castiel is to tears. If he doesn’t consider anything that’s happened with Dean in the last year, then this is most definitely the best gift Castiel has ever received.
And that’s not even half of what makes her so creepy. Eve was also one hell of a contender for one of the positions on the Council – until she said that she wasn’t interested in leading the whole colony. So not only is she tiny, but she’s also a formidable fighter. To the point that Dean would be
!” Claire’s voice reaches a trembling pitch that even Dean, with his minimal experience with children, knows means tears aren’t far behind. “You’re
and he concentrates hard not to be distracted from his goal. Just as quick, his arms loop over Cas’s shoulders and drag him down against him. He knows that if Cas didn’t
naïve. There’s been several times where he’s used his strength and noticed Dean’s eyes lingering.
“Yup, already.” Grinning, Dean slumps down into the chair next to him. “C’mon and let’s go home. Sammy’s probably waiting for us to go make dinner for him.”
With some difficulty, Dean forces himself to stay hidden. He doesn’t even take the opportunity to peek out and fire a few echoes off at this other bright-fin. His whole body is tense and ready to strike or flee, depending on what happens next.
and his broken heart is breaking all the more. “Listen, I know there’s a lot of bad water under the bridge, but we – we’re
those boots.
To his credit, Dean is very gentle as he wipes the broken skin and uses the water cup to rinse the soap away. It still stings and Castiel flinches at every other swipe of the cloth, but he does his best to remain quiet. Dean forges ahead with cleaning his knees, the scrape on his hip, and both elbows. He even double-checks Castiel’s hands,
“How would
Dean stares them both down for a few moments before he rolls his eyes. “Fine. Do whatever you want.” He starts towards the stairs and begins taking them two at a time. “You enjoy your little trip.
Raphael’s anger flares sharply in the kin-connection, a blinding bright point that shocks half the fin-kin who are linked with him. His upper lip curls back and an annoyed growl rumbles through the water.
, as he called it, and buy everything second hand. It’s apparently a complete rip off to buy the textbooks new. Frankly, Castiel doesn’t care. New or used, it doesn’t matter. He just wants to have the materials on hand for when he needs them.
Castiel’s upper lip curls back slightly, baring his fangs.
That old familiar itch to take a picture of Dean’s smile builds in the back of his mind, but Castiel ignores it in favour of watching the first interaction Gabriel and Dean are going to have in a while. He expects this to bomb spectacularly. There’s no way Gabriel is going to be able to keep his promise. Dean is going to tease him about something and all Hell is going to break loose after that.
Castiel wakes up with a groan and turns his face into the warm heat under his cheek. His head hurts and he hates it. Why in the world did he drink so much last night? Where did all his self-control go? Out the window, apparently.
slept together before, but that was just proximity in a cave. They sure as hell weren’t cuddling back then, and for good reason.
A blush tints Dean’s cheeks and he bites his lip coyly. “Well, I had to figure out something that kept you out of the public’s eye. Hopefully it doesn’t get
In either case, Castiel is almost afraid to return. He doesn’t want them to ask that question of him again. All it’s done is make things
When Victor flips his tail in front of him and swims backwards slightly, Dean’s heart sinks. He had been hoping that Victor would actually
of them. It’s astounding and he can barely wrap his head around how they actually managed to pull it off. It’s quite the feat to lie with the kin-connection in the first place. He has his ideas of how they managed it, but he might never know for certain without asking them.
The tipping point is when Dean comes. His eyelashes flutter and the groan vibrates up his throat and down Castiel’s cock. The visual and physical stimulation is too much. Pairing that with the downright
similar. And Dean would know. He’s got Cas’s glow pattern memorized, if only because sometimes he didn’t have anything better to do in the cave than watch Cas sleep. It had actually been kind of amusing to learn that even in their sleep, bright-fin still glow – though it’s
“Do you –” Dean sighs and makes him lower his hands. “Do you want to kiss me again?”
He worries his bottom lip with his teeth for a moment. “And –”
“Ah.” There is nothing more inappropriate for this moment then the
that Sam wasn’t there. He can’t remember giving him a single order throughout the whole fight. Worry starts gnawing along the bottom of Dean’s stomach. Where could he have been then? It’s not that uncommon that someone doesn’t show up for a battle. There’s a whole bunch of reason for why. For example, it’s entirely possible that Sam was outside of the range of the call and didn’t know that their team was going into a fight today.
“Cas?”
Dean doesn’t go very deep with it at first, taking his time like he did with his fingers. Pulling it almost all the way out before pushing slightly deeper. And again, and
“Amarok, actually.”
to have Dean’s hands on him, he has an excellent track record with resisting tickling and he’s not about to lose to it now. “You would fail wholeheartedly.”
- anal fingering
His thoughts come to an abrupt halt when he finds that Dean and Abaddon are not where he left them. Where are they? What happened while he was looking for his brothers?
Which brings them to now.
to deflect this so Dean doesn’t figure it all out? Think – think – think – oh!
. It’s a heady thrill for Castiel and he muffles a groan of his own around the erection in his mouth. He loves learning all the ways to bring Dean pleasure and if this is all he’s allowed, then he can only hope that he’ll be allowed to learn more than just this.
for her.”
speak their name.”
of them. That said, Sam wrinkles his nose at what Dean said.
“Am I in trouble for the picture?”
For a moment, he actually considers tackling Dean, but then thinks better of it. While he might have the upper hand in strength, he doesn’t have the
“Do I think about our future?” Castiel hums as he leans into Dean’s side. “Of course I do. But I would go insane if I thought about it all the time, so I’ve adopted the mindset that I will deal with things as they come and move at
“I have already looked into the bus scheduling for the area, and I’m aware of the amenities offered by the building.” Cas takes a sip of his beer and, again, doesn’t even give all the Star Trek memorabilia a glance. “I could make good use of the pool. And I like the stores that are within walking distance.”
and dating is just not something Dean wants to do.
.” He scrubs at his face with his sleeve, but still smells dog breath. “Rude, Cas. Just
He takes a sharp breath and Castiel grins at it. He wait patiently through the dull taps as Dean switches to his messages to check. Though distances, Castiel can hear the sharp gasp and how Dean’s breathing changes as he sees the picture. It gets ragged and perfect. He starts sucking his fingers again, slow at first until he’s sure that Dean has the phone to his ear again and then he starts doing it louder, just for him, always just for
Aside from that nice moment, on the day Gabriel showed him where everything was, Castiel had been warned that he should never come to the café during the school day unless he was there for an emergency. It would be considered
awesome kiss.
in depth.
the business I’m trying to break into?” Cas’s smile grows when Dean’s jaw drops in actual surprise. “It’s a tough business to gain traction in and I don’t have very many subscribers, but it’s growing steadily. I’m strictly on Twitch though.”
“With a sea-saw.”
In all thirty-one years of his life, Castiel has
there.
He bites his lip and holds his breath when he can feel Dean’s breath on the back of his neck.
comfortable to sleep with. He’s done it before, but he’s not willing to do it this time. With a groan, he flops face down across his bed, not even bothering with the blanket.
“I like it.” That was relatively easy and Castile leans down to kiss Dean gently. “May I continue now?”
is the one half-naked? Why would
A shriek from the other room wakes Castiel from the light slumber he had miraculously managed to fall into. He jerks upright and immediately tries to swim upward off his ledge – only to flail wildly and slide off the edge of the cushions as he’s cruelly reminded that he’s
“Good idea.” Dean pulls his keys from his pocket and starts back the way they came. “We gotta go get our bags from the car. C’mon, Sammy.”
The evaluation is a rundown of a mutant’s powers to see if they’ve evolved since they presented. It includes a psychological assessment so the government will know if a mutant is of sound mind or might potentially try using their powers to break the law.
* Chapter 05 : Satisfied - Reignwolf
Castiel knows better than to resist or refuse. There’s no escaping, nowhere to hide, so he swallows thickly and takes in a flimsy breath before weakly letting it out again.
“Well, enjoy your night, Cassie” Hannah smiles before walking away. But he’s not left alone for long. Dean appears not even a few minutes later and takes his hand to drag him away, to somewhere quiet, Cas thinks, but they don’t stop until they’ve reached the bathrooms at the far end of the building where Dean pulls him inside one of the stalls and locks the door behind them.
“Since when do you fucking care?!”
That night, as he lay blinking away the darkness as much as he attempted wishing away images of soft green eyes amidst seas of violence, he finds himself falling into a dreamless slumber time and time again before ultimately rousing back to a state of semi-consciousness where nothing greets him but bloodied hands gripping empty promises.
What he found upon entering the estate was -to put it mildly- a mess. And he wasn’t referring to the shattered glass littering the floor. No, what he was staring at was the shell of the man as lost in the world as he was the day he was born.
“What? Spit it out!”
Hours and hours of research and all Castiel got was a big fat nothing. Not a single mention of any kids named ‘Ben’, let alone helpful information on what in the hell Paula had been talking about. She wouldn’t discuss it anymore, no matter how sweetly Castiel asked her about it, so he was on his own on this. His days scanning the internet brought him to empty answers time after time to such an extend he actually started questioning whether he even heard her right or if it had been a fickle of his imagination.
“His files are protected.”
star?”
* Chapter 12 : Run in the rain - Tom Grennan
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sir? Perhaps a visit to-“
, Dean Winchester.
“Darling, imma let you in on a little secret: you don’t get to say no to me. Understand?” Comparing Dean’s demeanour to a vulture’s wouldn’t bring the current situation much justice. A vulture waits till the throat has been slit, watches from the side-lines until it’s his time to strike, and though he might fly high above the predators, he’ll always be beneath them on the food chain.
of it all, has him reacting in ways he can’t control. He hates it, already feels shameful and defeated tears burn behind his eyelids. However, no matter how strongly he internally fights for it, he can’t find it in him to protest the fingers raking up his body. He doesn’t dare to object but worst of all: he almost doesn’t want to.
“Everything in order, Mr. Winchester?” the waiter asks, then politely nods at Cas. “Sir.” After confirming that, yes, everything was ‘divine’ their plates and glasses are carefully being stacked and ready to be taken away when the waiter speaks up again, “Putting the bill on your tap, sir?” ,already slightly taking a step back because he probably gets the same answer every time.
No further explanation is given. Judging by the subtle sweat around dark blond hair and the nervous twitch in Dean’s hand, Castiel already knows exactly what this is about. It’s gang-related, meaning: danger. “Where to?” he simply asks through short breaths. Dean is quick to lead the both of them through a hallway, right past the bathrooms where they’d been partaking in dirty deeds not even an hour ago, but there’s no time to think about that. He can’t be thinking about his lips around Dean’s cock. “Stay back!” is the last thing he hears before a bullet whizzes right past his ears.
* Chapter 06 : Horns - Bryce Fox
Of course Gabriel doesn’t let down. He goes straight back to it, ignoring Cas’s explanation completely.
Castiel is blindfolded, grabbed by two men and dragged out of the room in a split second. He knows not even God himself could save him from this yet Castiel prays and prays,
"Damn your eyes for getting my hopes up high"
* Chapter 13 : ...
“You.” Then, after swallowing down the lump in his throat: “you, sir” he repeats a little louder.
And for some reason, that had instantly brought a sense of peace for him, unlike the feeling he gets when looking into those green eyes, the eyes of serial killer unable to hide a lifetime of atrocities and wrongdoing, even if they’re masked by charming smiles made to distract, mislead.
“No! You don’t understand! Fuck!”
“As if you care! You wouldn’t-“
Amount: $1.875, 00
“Where the fuck are you, Novak?!”
Not the reporter who decided to leak the audio, not the newspapers trying to drag his name through the dirt, and definitely not some nobody from a law firm he’d never heard of before. The bastard was going to pay for what he’d done. With one outburst this Novak guy had managed to push back the plans for the factory by a whole month and in Dean’s case, time meant money.
in a mood to be yelled at today.
“Why-“
Gabriel is clearly drunk, slurring his words a bit as he goes on and on about what a great party this is and how happy he is to finally be involved in the matter, which reminds Castiel of the early lies, what he had been forced to tell his own brother over the phone. It felt so distant now, especially with Gabriel being none the wiser, but then again, that’s what it had all been for, hadn’t it?
“No- I mean, yes, you were clear, it’s just-“
The images of Dean’s hands on him are becoming too much.
Castiel’s heart is racing in his chest just thinking about it but he needs to play this cool or it can go sideways real quick. “I’d like to surprise Dean” he hastily adds before their driver starts asking questions but the old man seems completely unbothered as he calmly makes his way through traffic, still going with the polite ‘yes sir’, no sir, of course sir’-s.
It didn’t matter that Mr. Romano succumbed to his injuries that same week. It didn’t matter that Dean now ran the Winchester family. It didn’t even matter that he came out on top in the fight between his family and the Italian’s since Alessandro was unfit to take over, leaving Dean more powerful than them. Because, what good does it do you when the blood on your hands is not only your enemy’s but also that of both your parents?
No matter how airy and innocently that was said, it still struck a nerve for Dean. Not that he needed much these past days, but still. He’s about ready to rip the guy’s head off in an act damning that stupid smile to where the sun doesn’t shine, when the thirty-something continues in that same amiable tone and says: “though, your husband does have a great life and good husband to return to.”
“Sam Wesson of Wesson Law and Legal.”
“Twenty years, Cas, twenty years! Every goddamn time my phone rings I still hold my breath in fear of it being someone telling me you’re dead, that you overdosed and wound up in a ditch somewhere! Do you know what that’s like? To constantly worry about your baby brother, not because he’s an idiot but because he’s an addict!”
“Cas,” he says once more, “you know I love you, right?”
A strange and unsettling habit to have but hey, if he were a psychopathic criminal and murderer, Castiel would watch his own back as well.
Unfortunately for Mr. Novak, the big name CEO requesting their undying love and respect in this make-or-break case was no other than Dean Winchester. The same Dean Winchester who went against everything Castiel stands for, the one that promptly makes him turn off the TV when that pompous ass makes yet another appearance,
“What? I’m just saying! I thought you despised men like him actually and then you suddenly call me to say you’re getting married to not just
Harsh fingers returning to his arm make him focus his eyes. “What did you do?” Dean growls.
“I, uh- I don’t feel too well, Mr. Winchester.”
Donna ends up breaking the heaviness between them first by whispering something to him, telling Cas she’d like to ask him something, to be precise. “Listen, this might sound weird but I need to know. Are you in any danger, Castiel?”
His drink nearly falls, caught right before it smashes to pieces on the wooden desk, having Cas turn around in a split second, suddenly becoming aware of how badly his hands are shaking when Mr. Winchester gives him a once over.
* Chapter 15 : Holding out for a hero - NBT
(See the end of the chapter for
He can’t even see the screen through his tears anymore, doesn’t need to because when those articles first surfaced fifteen years ago, he read them all back to back and stared at the included pictures until he got tired of his own face. This one is nearly identical: it still features the same damn text and so called ‘facts’ but now has a tiny paragraph added to modernize the old scandal.
* Chapter 15 : Holding out for a hero - NBT
He does feel kind of ridiculous sitting in the backseat like a child, stupid protocols.
No response.
Song for this chapter: 'start a war' - Valerie Broussard
“If you say you’re worried one more time, I swear…”
“Sir, please! You go in bed!”
‘Thank you’ Castiel croaks out dryly. “Ah, ah, thank you who?”
Happiness seems short lived however; on each side of the door is a guard, both of them turning their heads as soon as Cas steps forward, so, no chance of slipping out of there unnoticed he realizes. Though in all honesty, where would he run? What would he even say?
“Please remove your top, sir” he asks without looking up. But Castiel hesitates at that, unsure of whether him not feeling comfortable getting undressed has any influence at all on the choices he might or might not be granted with.
Things
Before Cas is even fully seated on the couch, body still swaying from the amount of alcohol rushing through it, there’s a pair of hands settling on his hips and a tongue pushing into his mouth. “Woah!” He shouts, pushing the guy away from him, “I’m not a faggot.”
“It looked bad, Cas. We need something to keep the public happy, to not raise suspicion, you know?”
“Hey there, princess.”
What the hell just happened? Did they really go from screaming their lungs out about murder to Dean acting like some sort of concerned husband in a perfectly domestic scenario? “Mr. Winchester-“ Castiel blurts out not knowing where to go from there.
Screw emotions right now. Castiel’s mind is overflowing with decisions he should have made a long time ago but he can’t show how distressed he is, he has to keep a calm demeanor or Dean will know something’s up before Cas can even think about step two. That man is like a shark in the water.
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
Dean watches the officers go as he holds a trembling Castiel tightly pressed against himself, he watches them closely, watches them until they’re out of sight before dropping his smile and stopping his fingers from digging into rigid flesh.
wanted you to get better.”
“Do you- fucking understand?!” Even with the fingers digging into his jaw, even with that gun carving threats into his chest, Castiel still shakes his head. No, no way was he going to murder someone.
* Chapter 09 : Miracle - The Score
* Chapter 13 : Keeping me alive - Jonathan Roy
“You are unbelievable,” Castiel says softly, “you disgust me.”
* Chapter 19 : Where the river ends - OTEP
“Cas…”
“Oh, what’s with the tears, young man?” she downright coos.
Being fired was one thing but becoming a personal servant to the world’s number one Asshole™ truly gutted him in no way even his dishonourable discharge from Wesson could do, with or without the threats made on his life. If he was chained to this contract for a whole year, it also meant he wouldn’t even have time to start his search for a new job, if he’ll ever manage to find one again. What about rent?
* Chapter 02 : Broken bones - Kaleo
Castiel knew the answer. Coming to terms with it was a whole different kind of surrender though.
Castiel is absolutely taken aback by how quickly this man can go from riled up to that classic act of ‘public appearance and human relations are key’. Even Dean’s face has gone all soft as he talks to the woman along with his voice, now speaking calmly and reassuringly.
“No! Stop! Do you even fucking hear yourself? You murdered someone in cold blood without giving it a second thought. You probably went home after that, wiped off the blood with your fricking velvet towels or something and then got under your satin sheets as if nothing happened! You’re nothing more than a killer! How in the hell are you better than Ketch or any of those men you make deals with, huh?!”
“Does he hurt you?”
? Certainly, it couldn’t have been Castiel having dinner with Gabe. There must be something else, something of deeper meaning currently still estranged from their lack of conversation but, what?
“Gabe. It’s fine, I-“
“Excuse me? That’s my company’s money you’d be throwing away. You know what?” Mr. Winchester squints at him. “Your lack of respect is baffling. You’re gonna eat the fricking donut, you understand me?”
“Sorry to keep you waiting” a woman in a tight skirt hastily announces, “Mr. Winchester will be with you shortly.” Soon enough, the man makes his entrance, confident as ever and dressed in a suit that probably costs more than Cas’s entire yearly income.
Playlist so far:
That night, Castiel makes up his mind.
The ‘we-totally-just-had-sex’ look. This was the woman Mr. Winchester had shamelessly pounded into, only to make her quiver against him as he tongued her right in front of Castiel.
But Dean was persistent and Cas was tired. All in all, considering how much hurt was still left unsaid, it had ‘only’ taken two hours to get everyone back home, somewhat settled, and safe, though tension not yet fading from laying thick upon them.
but at what cost?”
“Meaning I can’t access them without approval of a lawyer.”
* Chapter 03 : Monsters - Ruelle (acoust.)
“Come on, sweetheart. Let’s go home.”
“Not anymore.”
* Chapter 12 : Run in the rain - Tom Grennan
The man ends up finally closing his briefcase while still making small talk at Dean’s expense, unaware of the sensitive topics he’s touching. “I hear Greece is real nice this time of year. I wouldn’t want to leave either.”
Song for this chapter: 'delicate' - Damien Rice
Playlist so far:
Castiel has to physically strain himself in order to not roll his eyes the entirety of the forced speech accentuated by fake smiles and pure big dick energy just radiating off the stage, filling the air with a musk of wealthy, white-privilege cockiness.
Even the most mundane of tasks felt so incredibly difficult tonight and his auto-pilot was failing him, having Castiel filling a glass with water from the sink instead of going on a hunt for bottled water. Grabbing one of the pre-made sandwiches out of the fridge had been enough of an adventure.
* Chapter 07 : What he wrote - L. Marling
“Don’t- don’t call me that.”
“Very well, sir.”
* Chapter 21 : Corbeau blanc - Julien Doré
Luckily for Cas, his brother is too busy taking care of him to even notice the dubious circumstances surrounding him and how badly the infection actually gripping him is. Gabriel even lets it slide when Castiel is unable to answer simple questions like why he ran all the way instead of taking the car. Again, he doesn’t know anymore.
.” There’s a hasty dismissal of his gratitude but the small smile before she promptly sits down on the bed doesn’t go unnoticed.
“Oh… yes, no. I mean yes, I
This time however, after her usual chipper greeting, she makes a second cup of coffee, placing it down on the counter as she winks at Castiel. “On the house.” Seems like being the CEO’s fake fiancé does come with some advantages after all.
The thoughts have him huff out a bitter chuckle, warm steam curling up against his cheeks when his soft breath hits the scalding cup of tea pressed against his lips. He gets lost in blowing cool air over the water, it being way too hot for consumption yet, when something loud startles him out of the blue.
“Cas?” Gabriel tries again, worried and more pressing this time around.
It goes quiet after that for a while, nothing but his sobbing and wrecked breaths to be heard. “Please!” he chokes out ineffectively, not sure what he’s begging for in the first place. Dean is probably getting off on it anyway, but he just can’t seem to stop, still desperate to believe he can plead for forgiveness, hope for it to go away.
* Chapter 11 : Calm after the storm - Common Linnets
* Chapter 08 : Mercy - S.Mendes (acoust.)
sorry! Please listen-“
, who would come looking for you if you were to disappear?
Are you
But even among all the commotion, Castiel still looks at him, eyes tired but bright, clearer than they were over the past few weeks which is a God sent gift. The last thing they need right now is either of them looking anything but pristine at such a public and important event.
* Chapter 18 : Start a war - Valerie Broussard
“Get him ready” was all Dean had said before two men and a woman got to work. They took Cas to one of the six upstairs bedrooms, the one with an en suite bathroom and what looked like an adjacent spa area. These people however, were kind to him. If they were cringing at the split ends in his hair, or the dehydrated skin that could use some loving, they certainly weren’t showing it, much less commenting on it
He stands up after that and leaves Castiel on the ground, looking down at him.
And why do you sing Hallelujah
Mary was dying and it was his fault.
Of course he had to ask. “Good. Yeah, good” Castiel sighs as he runs badly shaking fingers over his tired eyes. “It’s, uh- it’s hard sometimes.”
* Chapter 01: Not afraid - Tommee Profitt
When Cas hurries out of the changing area again –dressed in his own modest suit now- there’s no sign left of their backroom activities continued until mere minutes ago. The CEO and his entire escort have disappeared without a clue, and more importantly: in the absence of a single word on what’s to expect of Novak now.
