Cas let out an amused exhale. “I’m pretty good at telling when people are lying to me, Dean.”  his hands traveled down Dean’s back, feeling his spine all the way to the bottom, so his hand practically rubbed Dean’s ass.  “You’re lucky you landed on your leg and not your back.  I don’t think you broke anything else.”
Soon the shaking in Castiel’s hands spread up his arms and his shoulders, he shifted back, practically under the table, and leaned against it, trying to find support.  His lips whispered silent prayers, the ones drilled into him and brought forward by the memory of things he longed to forget.
“Oh… Wait, are you not single?  Is this some kind of poly situation?  I mean, that’s cool, but not really my thing if that’s where you’re at.”
Castiel gave a small smile and shrugged. He wasn’t sure when Dean started calling him Cas. It was a nickname very few people used for him but had a kind of familiarity and intimacy to it he liked coming from Dean. Like they’d known each other in another life, or in another reality. He opened the cabinets to place the tweezers and gauze and something to place the stingers in once he had removed them. “This shouldn’t hurt. Really you shouldn’t feel anything, so if you do, please tell me.”
The first time Castiel had seen him, it had been an accident.  His schedule was crazy with winter finals and he’d missed the gym for almost two weeks.  He decided, in a fit of insanity, to try going
This song comes with a special treat!  A song that just fits pretty much everyone in this story.  Give a listen to Blood Thinner by Ruby Waters
“So Adam Milligan’s having a party Friday night.  You guys going?” Ruby asked, looking around at the little group of teenage wastelands who had banded together.
“Cut it out,” a rumbling voice said in the boys’ bathroom behind him.  It was low, dark, and eerily familiar.
“Still! Little asshole was hitching a ride in my hair. I feel so violated.” Dean exaggerated his voice a little.
“Dean?  Don’t close your eyes, ok. I need you to stay awake.” Castiel’s voice was muzzled behind something thick.
“I vote breakfast,” Sam said, hopping off the exam table with a grunt. “I don’t think Sister Veronica wants to see you drunk quite yet, which is what will happen if we decide anything other than breakfast.”
“I’ve been here a few years and still feel that.” Dean smiled warmly and made his way toward the front door.
Cas pulled Dean against him hard, kissing him back, overtaking the kiss with a demanding tongue and punishing lips that pulled on Dean’s lower lip.  His hands gripped Dean’s ass, pushing down his sleeping pants and kneading his flesh.
“The other day when you wanted to hang out with Krazy Krushnic more than me.  I was lonely.” She laughed, “Ruby’s a good friend.  Why?  You jealous?”
“Oh… Uh…” Dean leaned back, at a complete loss for words.  All of his functioning brain cells shifted from his ability to think to his need to feel more of Cas.  He tried to turn around, but Cas held him in place, his strong arm, infused with angelic intention immoveable.  Christ Dean loved that.  The power of Cas, something substantial and unbreakable he could rely on.  He felt like he could let himself go completely, crash against the shore of Cas with no fear that either of them would break.
So he stepped out of the cabin and followed the sound of music to where Dean stood with his back to him, dancing quietly, moving his hips as he flipped the burgers.  Overhead were more of the same twinkling lights from out front, giving the area a homey feeling.
He grabbed another beer and wrapped an arm around Lisa, pulling her close and grinding her against his leg.
“Your nose is broken, but I can reset that when you’re ready, you have serious lacerations on your cheeks and some… some hair was pulled out on the left side of your head, the area is bleeding, it’s hard to know if it will grow back in or not.  And I’m pretty sure your orbital bone is fractured based on the way your right side is swelling and the uhh… blood vessels blown in your eye.  Your jaw is probably going to hurt like a son of a bitch for a while and I wouldn’t be surprised if you lose a tooth or two.”
“No, I don’t feel it because I’m fucking human,” Dean looked at Cas and thought about the handgun he kept in his glove compartment and the shotgun just inside the front door. “Why do you feel it?”
“Ok, let’s get you cleaned up.” Sam pressed a cotton swab soaked in hydrogen peroxide and began wiping layer after layer of thick drying blood.  It still flowed fresh from above his eye but his lip had clotted enough that Sam decided to leave it to heal on its own, cleaning only the residual blood from his chin and cheek.  The cotton balls, red and black, filled the tray next to the bed.
“Yes, Dean.  You can read people, you can manage groups of people with all kinds of personalities.  You understand things without being told.”
Cas began moving, his body sinuous and strong, easing into and out of Dean’s body with languid strokes.  The head of Cas’ dick dragged against Dean’s prostate every few strokes, sending shocks of pleasure through his nerves.  Soon, he sped up, pushing his hips against Dean hard.  He gripped the headboard and lifted up off his body, looking down to watch the place where their bodies met and merged.
The narthex was empty but for a few tables with flyers, but when they entered the main sanctuary, the room was abuzz with activity. What looked like priests and nuns were scurrying around carrying books out of the space, while others, maybe volunteers or lower order clerics, were taking notes and chatting.
Dean let it go, though, not in the mood for his brother’s middle school drama.  Thirteen fucking sucked, and for Dean, it had sucked double because he had a nine-year-old to parent, so if Sam didn’t want to talk now, Dean would corner him later about it.  Sometimes you just need some time to think.
Cas shuddered and dropped his head to Dean’s shoulder.  He muttered words Dean either didn’t hear or didn’t understand as he flexed and relaxed against the intrusion.  Their breathing sped up together, synched.
“Fuck baby, you are hot, I ain’t lyin’ bout that,” he said before crashing his lips against hers, biting and tasting her, feeling the tingle of beer on her tongue.  She rubbed her breasts against him, making him moan and squeeze her harder.
Dean didn’t dare reach forward.  His instinct was to console, to touch, and soothe away all this horrible pain.  But the burn marks scared him.  The story untold was one that lingered in the back of his mind like a boogeyman, but that he’d never had to look at, never before seen the result of.  Someone did this to Cas.  Someone hurt him, more than just a burn, enough to reduce him back to this version of himself by a mere touch.
he had the body of a fucking Olympian God: bulky and broad on top, his midsection swept down to tight, narrow hips, creating this gorgeous upside-down V shape Castiel practically drooled over.
When was the last time they’d eaten together?  He was always grabbing something out or having food at the church.  Dean worried.  Was Cas starving himself?  That was one of the most common things he’d heard about people who’d suffered abuse like this.  Not that Cas had told him for sure what happened but the broad strokes felt clear.
“You shut up about my baby. It was a joy and a privilege to get to drive her!” Dean scolded, rethinking his warm feelings toward her. Disparaging the Impala was a capital offense in his book.
Cas’s whole body lit up, divine grace glowing inside him.  The shadow of his wings took up the entirety of Dean’s room.  When Cas looked down at him, his teeth were bared, and his eyes whited out.  He looked more demonic than angel and for the first time since their first encounter, Dean was afraid of him.
“You’re gonna? Umm, you’re gonna do that?” Dean’s eyes looked around the room, trying to lock on something, anything but Castiel
Dean shifted his weight and adjusted his hands, but Castiel could still see the pink head of his cock trying to escape. “How often do you have patients who come all over the exam table because you’re plucking stingers out of their ass?”
“Is that your son?  You don’t seem old enough to have a son out of college.” Castiel tilted his head in confusion.
“Castiel, you should go, retrieve the container Sam made.  Perhaps that will increase the effectiveness of the safe so you can return to yourself.”
work instead of his usual schedule of afternoon and evening runs.  That very first day, he’d seen the bulging biceps and tattooed skin of his mystery man.
“No,” Cas shifted his hips, pushing his hard length against Dean’s ass. “It seems even asleep you have an effect on me.”
Castiel looked Dean deep in the eyes, searching the depths for danger before speaking.  “Dean, you still don’t understand.  It wasn’t one person, it was all of them, my family, my brothers, my mother, the minister, the whole congregation.  What happened to me wasn’t private.  It was a public shame.”
After a while, when Castiel’s breathing started to even out Dean spoke softly, “Do you want to talk?”
Dean took Cas’s hand in both of his and held it to his forehead. “Just come back, come back here, and be you again. We’ll work whatever this case is the right way. Together. We can figure this out. There’s no reason for you to… I don’t know, change?”
.  He hadn’t meant to say anything so desperate sounding.  So pathetic.  He really should just leave.
Oh these sweet boys.  Sometimes, I have to go back and read the first half of this story so I can remember what it's like to have them be happy.  Sigh.  They're breaking my heart!
“I know.  I’m here.”  The low voice vibrated through Dean’s body, reassuring him and spiking his passion all at once.
“No, I don’t want to… I can’t be…” Dean tried to sit up, but the pain in his backside screamed in protest.
Dean’s eyes widened and he grabbed Charlie’s phone and started poking at it as if he could magically unlock it with greasy fingers.
“If there were still demons there, he’s had to fight his way through to our bag, or if they took it, he may have had to track them.  We could just make another or add wardings onto the safe itself.”  Sam looked at Sister Veronica, who was sitting looking at her glass of orange juice intensely. “Why did you send him to get that stupid thing? It was just a tackle box I painted.”
He jolted up, eyes shocked wide open, and screamed as he looked down at where Cas was touching him.  He hadn’t looked before but the blood flowed steadily and he could see part of the bone sticking out of his leg.  Nausea rose in his throat, and suddenly, everything felt cool.  Like spring water.  Cool and fresh, and the pain floated behind the rush.  He looked back down at his legs and watched in horror as his bone popped back into place and a bright light coming from Cas’s hands worked its way into his muscles.  He could feel them knitting back together, the bone refinding its place and locking back together as strong as it ever was.  It didn’t hurt.  Why didn’t it hurt to put it back together when it hurt so much coming apart?
“Not now,” Cas said before pressing a kiss to Dean’s lips.  “I imagine we’ll have a number of them, and I want you to think things through.”  He kissed him again and pressed his hips forward, rubbing himself along Dean’s cock.
Dean couldn’t stop the moan that escaped or the way his stomach clenched at the display of power.  God, he fucking loved it when Cas’s power was on display. He always had.  Every time he smote a demon or appeared without warning, just a fluttering of feathers and a warm breeze, he was overwhelmed.  At first, it had been fear, but now admiration, desire, adoration, lust… it all wrapped up together to overwhelm Dean and make his cock ache.
Sam nodded and stood up, a little shaky on his feet.  He rested an oversized hand on the wall and took a deep breath.
Dean started to shiver. When did it get cold? “Are you cold?  It shouldn’t be cold.  My leg… My leg hurts.”
“Dean, you were on your bed for two hours.  You wouldn’t respond. You were barely breathing.  I don’t know if it was shock or something Cas did, but it’s later than you think.”
“No, my brothers are not nearly so kind.” Castiel frowned and a crease appeared between his brows that Dean decided he didn’t like at all.
He didn’t know if it was the beer, the hot chick rubbing against his lap, or the fact that he’d safely determined Castiel wasn’t any kind of monster. Just a weird, strangely powerful, awesome little dude.  Well, not little. He was practically the same height as Dean.  Especially in those boots.  Fuck, those boots were hot.  It made him even more imposing than he already was, always dressed in black with that crazy hair and shining eyes.
Dean showed up at Castiel’s apartment about 15 minutes early.  He lived in a nicer part of town, but not intimidatingly so.  If Dean was alone, he might consider somewhere like this, still a little industrial, but with fun restaurants and colorful shop signs. Instead, Dean looked around and tried to distract himself from thinking about Castiel, a task he’d been a failure at since they parted ways last night.
“Don’t think about it.  I’ve been hit harder by toddlers on a sugar high.  But now you’re better, and Bobby’s sober, thanks to Cas.  Last time we checked on him, he’d even poured out all of his hidden stashes.”
They walked together toward the small bed, hands roaming and gripping as they went.  There wasn’t enough time for everything Dean needed to touch, and yet time stood still as they tumbled together onto the mattress.
Castiel kissed him again, slow and sweet.  Dean pulled Cas’ lower lip into his mouth, sucking on it gently before following it with his tongue to dip into Cas's mouth.
“I’ll be right back,” he said, noticing just how green Dean’s eyes were as he walked to the main entrance and released the bee.
“I just mean,” And instead of trying to explain he dropped his bag and jacket and flipped over into a steady handstand.  He walked around a little on his hands to find his balance until he could just hold still.  “See, I’m skinnier than you, my center of gravity is in the middle, but yours is in your chest, it makes it harder to find a steady place to be comfortable, but with practice, you can still do it.”
“That’s my intention, yes,” Cas crooned as he worked his way over to the other nipple pulling another cry from Dean with just his words.
As soon as Dean was healed enough to stand up, he started demanding to know what they have found out.  Sam, Eileen, and Sister Veronica all stood around the infirmary chair he sat in as if he were holding court, all three with identical smiles.
Castiel sputtered, certain there was dog saliva in his mouth and tried to pick up and move one of the animal’s paws, but he was trapped.
A loud whistle rang out from the house, and the dog bounded away from Castiel, leaving him soaked in an imprint of his body in mud.  When he stood up, the creature sat happily next to a man with narrowed eyes.
“Well, maybe we can explore that the next time we have a sheet tent.” Dean crawled out and held a flap open for Castiel to follow.
I had SO much fun writing this chapter!  Please please let me know what you think about Meg, and the party, and the other guests (Alfie's sign had me laughing for days after writing it), and Dean's reaction and Cas' behavior, and the kink, oh gods the kink.  I'm so excited to hear what you think.
“You’re an alien.” Sam stood triumphantly. “Really! Just think about it.  You glow strange lights, you know things you shouldn’t, you clearly aren’t human or at least fully human, but you don’t seem to have any instinct to harm people.  I mean, it totally tracks, mystery boy found on the road with no parents.  Do you have a belly button?” He stepped forward as if he was going to lift Cas’s shirt and check.
“I don’t really, but he’d asked Jody Mills, our Sheriff, about boarding options for you and she and I go way back.  A few years ago, Michael spent a lot of time trying to, let’s call it, recruit me.  But it’s just not my scene.”
“You know, I thought that you’d tell me if you were dating other people, but you know—I’m bi, I could be into it.”
!”  Dean cried as his pleasure levitated, pulling him out of his body and into a space where nothing but the exquisite feeling of Castiel’s body against his.
“I feel we should wait for Castiel.  This is a delicate matter and as I don’t know either of you," she dared a squinted glance at Dean before looking away. “Besides, you are entirely covered in red clay.”
Soon, he began Sunday afternoon bible study for teens and adults.  A gathering he had worried wouldn’t be well attended but was happy to see many familiar faces from Youth Group and the community.
“Yeah, Cas.” Dean said, barely moving his lips far enough from Cas’ to form words.  They breathed each other in, breath comingling with the taste of their kisses.
“I had hoped that would be the case.” She lifted the second bowl, full of warmed whole milk.  She brought it to her lips and took a small sip before passing it to an eager looking Castiel.  They drank a sip and set it down, not allowing any to spill.  Sister Veronica looked at it.  Tempted to make him hand it back until she decided to return it just to make it clear what role she played in their dynamic, but decided against forcing the issue.  This was for Dean’s benefit, not the creature before her wearing Castiel’s face like a mockery.
“Yes, so when things here started to… get strange, she reached out to the angels for help. I listened to her prayers for weeks, but I assumed that another angel, someone with more power, with more
Cas’ voice released the tension in his shoulders, and he let out a deep sigh.  He was like one of Pavlov’s fucking dogs.  All it took was one look, one raised eyebrow, one word, and Dean’s entire body remembered that it incontrovertibly belonged to Castiel Krushnic.
Cas gave a long withering sigh, rolled her eyes, and crossed her legs. When she intertwined her fingers and placed them around her knees, Dean felt his world shift.
“Sounds more like a brother,” Dean nodded.  He can’t think of anyone other than his brother he’d do that for, and he had some good friends.
He’d barely made it to his bedroom and locked the door, thanking God that Sam and Jess were still out before he was shucking off his clothes and thrusting his hand into his boxer briefs.  Fuck, that had felt good.  That first tight squeeze that both relieved and increased the pressure in his body.  It only took half a dozen strokes before Dean was writing on his bed, biting at his pillow and begging an imaginary Cas to fuck him.  When he came, it was like he’d been holding it in for years, just waiting to meet the enigmatic professor.
“Come here,” Cas commanded, pulling away from Dean, leaving him suddenly cold and scrambling to follow.  Cas stood at the edge of the bed, the dim light hid him from Dean, but the outline of his strength and just knowing it was Cas waiting for him propelled Dean to his knees.
At Bobby’s, Sam hopped out of the car and ran inside before Dean could say anything.  He watched to make sure his little brother got into the house alright before pulling out again, going around to the second entrance of the property to the garage.
“Sure, Sammy,” Dean shrugged at Cas shyly before flipping another page in the book. “Do you ever shed your skin and turn into an otter or sea lion or something?”
“I am not--” Cas puts his fork down and runs his hand through his hair.  “I write articles most people don’t understand about aspects of gender and sexuality some people aren’t even willing to admit exist.  I write dirty books.  And sometimes I give talks on one of those topics.  Just like any other professor is expected to do.”
“I have a limited tolerance for brats, Dean,” Cas whispered in his ear and Dean felt as the blood left his brain and shot straight for his cock.  He struggled slightly against Cas’ hold on him, not so much to get away as to see how tightly Cas could hold him, and the answer was exhilarating.  There weren’t many men who could hold Dean down, and Castiel—while obviously fit—did not look like he would be one of them.  Behind those lean muscles and runner’s legs, however, was someone who knew exactly how to apply enough pressure to keep Dean in place.
“Yeah, yeah—I think we all need a little space and some quiet. Some sleep won’t hurt either.  I feel like I could sleep for a week.”  Sam ran a hand through his now-clean, bouncy hair and yawned.
“Alright,” Meg purred.  Dean could barely hear but watched as she ran her tongue up Castiel’s neck.  “I’m stopping.” She pulled her hand out of his pants and sucked on a finger.
Cas’s shoulders rolled back and a breeze of air that smelled like the fall of fresh snow filled Dean’s senses.  When he looked over, Cas’s eyes were bright, his jaw squared, and a level of fury Dean had only ever seen on his father’s face.  Shit, Cas was fucking terrifying.  And then, a high pitch sound started on the edge of his awareness and Cas’s eyes flashed, growing bright the way they had when he’d healed Dean.
Cas slid into him so slowly Dean rocked up against Cas, fucking himself against the angel’s cock, desperate for more.
“Is it that bad?” Dean stopped his flipping and turned to Cas, leaning against the desk.  Now, they aren’t just standing close side by side, he can practically feel Cas’s breath against his lips but he doesn’t lean away.  The warmth and proximity of Castiel was comforting in a bizarre way that Dean ignored, enjoying it instead.
“Fine.”  he stripped down to his boxers, including shoes and socks, and left all the dirty clothes in a pile.  He grabbed the towel Dean had left for him and wandered around the house.  He expected to find something akin to a beach shower, a spigot sticking out from the wall, and maybe a bucket and some rocks for the flooring.  Instead, he found another complete room.  It was built open and airy, Mediterranean style, with gaps between the wood wide enough to let in light but not enough to see through.  When he stepped in, the room was much larger than he’d expected, the floor wood slats that allowed the water to drain but was smooth against Castiel’s feet.  Near the door were hooks and a bench and even a lightswitch that turned on gentle overhead lighting.
“I don’t have condoms or lube or anything,” Dean said finally, reality sinking in and pulling his disappointment down.  Sexually, he’d be fine to have sex with Cas in any of the other myriad ways he knows of, but his heart wants this, wants the connection.
“You’re so beautiful,” Cas breathed against Dean’s groin before licking a stipe up the length of him.
Castiel Novak is a seminary student who has moved to Sioux Falls and rented a room from the far too attractive Dean Winchester.
Castiel walked up onto the porch and into the house through the door Sam had left wide open.  Dean watched, jaw dropped before running after him.  He put a hand on Cas’s shoulder and turned him around. “You can feel the wards, but you can come inside?  They don’t hurt you?”
It was simple, and for all the difficulty he had waiting, he felt strangely satisfied by the response.
“Hubba Hubba.  Did little Dean get a little somethin’ somethin’?” Charlie tried to wink and failed miserably.
“What? I’m not… I was just checking on her.” His phone binged in his hand again and his eyes flitted down instantly.
Classes had ended at seminary just over a week ago and unlike his peers, he wasn’t taking the summer to work or travel or go home to family.  He was doing his outreach internship early.  His family was difficult, to say the very least, but at seminary, studying religious texts and manifestations of faith in different cultures and surrounding himself with the holy word, he felt complete in a way he never had before.
Dean pulled off, giving Cas’s cock a sweet kiss on the head before straightening up and leaning against him. “Anything you want, Cas.” He pressed his lips against Cas’s, drawing a deep sigh from the other man.
Without a word that he had noticed, Dean stepped away and began to stretch, leaving Castiel hard and breathless.  He stood and went back to the locker room to change.  Christ, he needed to get a handle on himself—literally and figuratively.  Someone like Dean wouldn’t be interested in
“So nothing we haven’t dealt with before.” Dean tried to smile, but his face hurt too much, almost as much as his heart.
Dean’s body hummed as Cas ran his palms slowly up and down his spine. Each time, Dean grunted and tightened his hold on Cas’ arms or neck.  Each time, Dean would rock his hips forward, seeking more. Occasionally, Cas would lose himself, gripping Dean hard with blunt nails digging into hard, corded muscle.
. In the tail of smoke trailing behind her fourth-grade teacher. She learned early not to say anything or tell other adults, the ones without second forms. They never believed her and in the best possible situations, they simply laughed at her.
“Go home and throw all these clothes away, and then just go back to normal.  You don’t know me and I don’t know you and this never happened.”
“Well, it’s a good thing you can heal me then. Now, let’s go inside, grab some chips and flip through Bobby’s books.  Sam will probably bounce around and ask you a million annoying questions. Still, he’s smart—like genius smart—so he can probably help us.”
Charlie scowled at him.  “Kind of?  It’s been weeks since I told you to google him and I never asked because it’s not my business but this picture is recent, like last week, recent.”
He forgot about his state of undress and stared, a laugh bubbling up in his gut.  Dean looked over at him and winked before dropping the massive dog’s paws. “I was thinking I’d make burger’s tonight so you can take your time settling in.  We can go into town tomorrow to pick up anything you need.  Oh, and I put your stuff in your room.  Down the hall, the door’s on the left.  My room is across the hall and the bathroom’s in the middle.  Pretty simple design.”
Cas leaned back and stood up, a sly smile on his face.  “Pull something up on the TV.  Wanna rent a movie?”
Dean was on his third beer with Lisa in his lap, straddling his waist, alternating between kissing him stupid and talking to Ruby, who half sat, half laid on Gordon’s lap next to them.  Victor stood next to them, leaning against the armrest, his leg up against Dean’s side in a way he would usually shy away from but tonight, he just felt too damn good.  Dean used the hand without a drink to rub Lisa’s thigh.
She ripped off a piece of the warm, airy bread and dipped it into the bowl containing honey.  She closed her eyes and blessed the offering reverently before looking up to Castiel.  Then she passed her arm through the fire, singing the small hairs on her arm and holding the treat out to them.
He went home and whipped up a quick dinner, trying not to look at his clock or think about how Dean was doing. His apartment was sparse, books in piles on the floor and egg crates for end tables. He just never found the time or interest to care about how his shitty little one-bedroom apartment looked. The old couch was covered in a sheet and after he ate, he fell asleep against the soft cushions, wondering—not for the first time—why he even bothered with a bedroom.
“Right, Baz, did he decorate too, or is this all your stuff?”  Dean asked, sitting on the couch and looking around the surprisingly cozy room.
“Meg, I’m serious. I’m not into it… uggh…” Something apparently changed the dude’s mind, whoever he was.  Dean knew that sound, and it wasn’t one that was saying no.
“That’s unbelievable,” Dean grabbed plates from the glass-covered cabinets and put a little bit of everything he’d gotten on both before bringing them to the table.  Cas got utensils and glasses of water, and before Dean had time to even consider feeling awkward, they were sitting and talking easily.
“Mmhmm,” Dean said around the oversized bite of curried chicken he’d taken.  He would have laughed if his mouth wasn’t full, but he winked instead and Cas shook his head.
Dean hadn’t thought of sex as making love in so long the words startled him as they came out of his mouth.  But that’s what they were doing. There was nothing about this that wasn’t infused with how much he loved Cas.  His need was more than just physical; he longed to be filled by the other man as a submission, as an offering, as a gift.
“At least I don’t look like an apple fritter.” Cas groused and then looked into the kitchen warily.  “So where do you work that you have to go to the gym so early.  I thought you were a bartender.”
Behind Gordon, Dean saw Castiel Krushnic walk outside.  The slight, dark haired boy had on a black button-up short sleeve shirt, dark jeans, and no shoes.
Sam sat up straighter, eyes wide and mouth hanging open as Dean patted him on the back gently.  “Cas, you’re… you’re real?  You’re really here?”  Sam’s tears finally fell.  Perhaps it was easy to believe that his brother would come or that his mind would conjure him, but to see Castiel again was a shock to everyone’s system.  Dean knew the feeling well.  The innocent joy on Sam’s face at having Cas back was enough to show anyone that this was a purified man.
5AM was an inhuman time of day to be not only out of bed, but outside, trudging through the Massachusetts winter from his car to the gym.  He’d rather be at home, still in bed with Claire, his Goldendoodle.  Or better yet, someplace
“Bobby didn’t care.  You’ll meet him one of the days. He and Jody like to have us out for dinner every month or so, next time you should come.  He’d get a big kick out of you.”
“You’re laughing.” Dean beamed at Cas and they sat that way, holding hands for a while.  The sun started to set outside as they told innocent stories of happy times.  Dean did most of the talking, but Castiel chimed in with the occasional story about a prank his brothers played or something Hannah did.
Dean waltzed into the infirmary, smelling clean and minty. He greets them with a broad smile and sings, “There ain’t no mud on me,” to the tune of that Jerry Garcia song about bugs.
Silence spread between them.  Dean knew that even if Cas wanted to he probably didn’t know how to talk about what had happened.
“I know,” was all Dean could say, so he whispered it over and over until Sam pulled away and wiped his face.
“I’ll try,” Cas chuckled, and the laugh shot right through where their bodies were connected, drawing a gasp from them both.  With a deep moan, Cas pushed deeper, slowly inching his way forward.
“Okay, well, take off your clothes out here.  I’ll get you a towel and you can use the outside shower.” Dean said, disappearing inside the small cabin. He turned around at the last minute and pointed at Garth, “Stay.”
“Are you praying?” Dean pulled back and looked up at her incredulously, but the tears streaking down her face stopped him from saying anything else.
“I do want you.” Cas leaned forward, placing his other hand on Dean’s chest.  “Please believe that, sweet one.  I do.”
Dean closed his eyes, knowing that protesting would only incur more injury and that looking at the angel could fry him from the inside out.  He was powerless, pinned to the bed.  Tears streamed down his face as Cas thrust into him at a frantic pace, ripping at the tender flesh inside Dean.
“I know, sweetheart.”  Dean kissed Cas on the lips so softly he could hardly feel it.  “I’ve missed you.”
“Why don’t you start at the beginning,” Sam suggested, “and we’ll both shut up and listen. Right, Dean?” He shot his brother daggers.
“Fuck,” Dean moaned, throwing his head back allowing Cas to dive in and run his teeth along the muscles running down from his jaw to his shoulder.
“No, no, Sam is my little brother.  Our parents passed away, so I’ve been pretty much raised him.  He works at the little law firm in town as a paralegal.  I keep telling him he could be a big fish if he'd just go to law school, but he and his wife like it here and I’m happy to have them.”
“I’ve got it,” he ground out, blue eyes blazing from the fight. “And I’ve taken care of all of the demons. Your church will have no more incursions.  Although the chappel is a little worse for wear.”
Castiel shook his head trying to clear away the confusion. “Your meaning is no clearer.  We agreed I would run a bible study group.  We just spent over an hour studying the bible, and your parishioners enjoyed it.  Isn’t that what you wanted?  For them to engage with the scripture?”
“You don’t have to tell me nothin’ you don’t want to, Cas.  I was just chatting.” Dean’s voice dropped lower, almost too soft to hear if you weren’t listening for it.
“Please stop this, Cas. You have to eat.  You have to take care of yourself or you’ll get sick.  If you can’t do it for yourself, do it for me.  I never want to see you hurting.  I will cook you every meal.  I’ll pack you lunch or bring it to the church.  I’ll get you a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle lunch box from Charlie’s store, just please eat.”
“Yes?” the woman turned and looked at them with deep-set eyes that gave you the feeling she saw all the way through you.
Thank you, friends.  I'm so glad you're enjoying this story.  I'm a wee bit obsessed with it, to be honest, and sharing it is one of the greatest joys for me.  I'm sorry I haven't responded to comments, lots of family and home stuff going on, but every one is like a balm to my soul.  Please keep 'em coming or send me a note with your thoughts!  Happy reading.
Cas left Dean alone to fiddle with the remotes while he got something from the kitchen.  While he was gone, Dean pretended to flick through the different services Cas had programmed into his system.  But really, he wallowed in a kind of melancholy.  What should be a fantastic afterglow left him feeling empty and alone.  Why didn’t Cas want him?  What had he done wrong?  They should be curled up together, naked and sweaty—not fully dressed, with one of them acting like they weren’t even interested.
Castiel leaned down, this time letting his hips grind against Dean’s.  “That can be arranged, beautiful boy.  That can definitely be arranged.”
“Yes, that’s my intention,” the angel growled against Dean’s lips before pulling back and removing Dean’s hands from his hair and where he gripped his back. “Undress me.”
Castiel stood utterly still.  Take off his clothes?  Like all his clothes?  Here?  Dean must have meant something else. So he waited, staring at Garth, who remained sitting and staring at him, tail wagging.  The porch was only two steps up from the mud, but it was immaculate.  The wood floor shining and warm Christmas lights blinked on along the awning as the sun worked its way down behind the horizon.
“Sister Veronica is a Sibyl, it’s something like a prophet, but instead of hearing the word of god, she could see it. She saw demons and angels and reapers and every other kind of monster imaginable. She saw them as a child and instead of devolving into insanity or catatonia as most Sibyl do, she directed her energies into her faith. Because of all the things she saw, she knew God wasn’t playing an active role in human lives, but she still had faith in the strength of people’s souls. Because she can see those too and she believes in humanity. So she served humanity, saving souls, through the best avenue available, the church.”
“Well, what it shows you is what you don’t want to be.  Now, instead of beating yourself up for shit you couldn’t control, you can make better choices.”
“Really, Castiel, this is getting ridiculous.  I know you have a soft spot for Meg, but at the end of the day a whore is a whore is a whore, and this one is mine.”
“Did you clean behind your ears?” Sister Veronica asked, making Dean stop short and then bark out a laugh.
Castiel came back, disheveled with a devilish smile.  He had a tray that held two glasses of champagne and a plate piled with chocolate-covered strawberries.
When Dean got to Cas’ apartment, food bag in tow, he was equal parts excited and terrified.  He liked Cas.  It had been a long time since he genuinely liked someone enough to feel that nervous energy build up inside him, like he was going to bounce away if he didn’t get to see them again soon.  And even though he and Cas had talked for hours last night, slept in the same bed, and made out this morning, the idea of playing it cool and waiting any longer than he had to to see the man felt utterly ridiculous.
“God is of no interest to me, and from what Castiel has shown me, He is of very little use in general.”
“This reminds me of the ancient days when Angels still walked alongside people and out deeds were known to all.”
Dean snuggled in so he could feel the full press of Cas’s strength against him.  He exhaled with a soft moan.
Castiel moved around to behind Dean and felt one arm and then the other before looking at his head.  He touched a particularly tender spot and Dean jerked away. “Hold still and answer my question.”
Dean’s orgasm rose within him, spreading from his gut through his body until his balls drew up and tightened, ready for release.
“I’ll barely fit on that couch, and you must be tired too,  Dean. You should take it.” Sam curled in on himself and grumbled, looking like the preteen Dean remembered all too fondly.
“It’s interesting you see it as serving Heaven and not God,” Sam said through his teeth as she began stitching the long laceration on his upper arm.
“Then why didn’t you want… Ugh,” he sighed and dropped his head to his chest.  “I hate talking. I hate talking about
It wasn’t true.  Castiel would never date a student.  But it wasn’t completely wrong though—being gay in a city like Boston meant there were certain expectations on how he looked.  He loved to run, he really did, but the fact that it kept him hard and trim was definitely a factor.
“Meg is my friend.  It makes her feel safer if people think we’re dating.  That way, she doesn’t get asked out and people leave her alone.”
Cas stopped and looked at him, head tilted. “Are you afraid of me now?  Because I could sense the wards?  All that means is that I’m connected to the other world somehow, which we already knew.  If anything, I feel calmer knowing powerful magic like this is protecting you.”
“Wait, you need to stretch out more.  I’m sorry  I… I shouldn’t have assumed.  I don’t mean to make you uncomfortable.”
“Don’t move, hold still for me.  Can you do that?” Cas’s cock twitched against Dean’s ass, sparking an electrical fire in Dean’s veins.
Sister Veronica appeared at the stairwell to the war room. “It will hold them.  And if by some miracle it does not, I will not allow them to hurt you.  I will kill them myself before I allow that to happen.”
“I should go.”  Dean stood and ran a hand over his face, scratching a bit at the hair on his chin.  “Thanks for dinner."
Castiel picked up his pace and imagined that the sound of each footfall was, in fact, his hips slamming into the man’s ass.  Hard and fast.  His hands gripping hips—so tight there would be bruises—as the man braced himself against the wall of the gym shower, desperately pushing back to meet each thrust until he relinquished control completely and allowed Castiel to fuck him into oblivion.
“Sister Veronica,” Sam jumped in. “I’m Agent Cave and this is my partner Agent Murphy. We received a call.”
Cas narrowed his eyes at Dean, “You’re holding back.  Something you don’t want to tell me.  I understand that feeling, but I’d like you to know you can trust me too.”
After finishing his third beer, Castiel found himself in the hall staring into the verdant eyes of the strange man who had taken in a stray, his breath caught in his chest.  He dropped his eyes to Dean’s soft lips.  How can a man who was crafted out of such hard and unbreakable material have lips that looked so sweet?  He wanted to run his thumb over them, press his fingers into that mouth just to see Dean suck on them.
Sam perked up, “Well, there are things like psychics.  They aren’t monsters and they aren’t exactly human or at least not only human, right?”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” she practically yelled, stepping closer.  “What did I do?”
It was hot, and the beer he’d drank turned on him, making it hard to think, but he had to keep going.
“Aren’t you off now?” Meg asked, sliding up to Castiel’s side and the record station across from Dean’s room.
Why had Castiel’s kindness struck him so much deeper than the idea of watching Castiel get blown or Meg get finger banged against the bathroom sink?
“So?” Charlie barged into his thoughts, pulling him out of his stupor.  “Is that the guy you’re banging?”
“Every piece of it.  Even the furniture.  Except, you know... I did order the refrigerator and toilet.  But I installed ‘em.” Dean ran his hand over his mouth, his eyes darting away from Castiel’s as if embarrassed to have confirmed that he was in fact as impressive as Castiel suspected.  After a minute, Dean looked back and caught Castiel’s eyes with a smile.  “Go on, man.  Get some clothes on and I’ll get the grill going.  We can talk while we eat.”
“I can hear what you aren’t saying,” Castiel growled gently into Dean’s ear as he continued to rub against him so slowly it bordered on painful.  “I like that your instincts go there, but don’t rush.  I want you to know you can trust me. I want to take my time with you.  Savor this.”
Castiel stood in a slow, fluid movement. She appeared to glide across the room as she walked to the altar and pushed it away from the wall. “We need to dig here. But this is consecrated ground. Sister Veronica cannot be a party to this desecration. But it must be done. And I fear, when we find what we’re looking for, there may be a battle in which I cannot participate.”
“Triage three. We couldn’t even do an intake. He’s deadass, completely nude and dancing from foot to foot. Must be hurting, but no signs of reaction—he’s lucky he’s not allergic.” She turned and sauntered off, leaving Castiel with Alex and Tessa, who both tried—unsuccessfully—to smother their laughter.
“But now, you can see me other times, so you let me worry and squirm all day?  Kind of selfish of you, huh, Cas?” Dean fists his hands in Castiel’s trim-cut waistcoat and pulls the lean man against his own larger bulkier frame.
“So Cas, I don’t know how into cars you are but I’ve got a 1988 Ford F-250 sitting back in the barn you can use.  I mostly only use it when I’m hauling something. Otherwise, I’m driving baby anyway.  Just keep her clean and full of gas and we’ll call it part of your rent.”
he was beautiful.  His dark hair wild against the night sky.  Meg gazed up, her face looking at him adoringly and Dean had no doubt that this was one of the women he’d had a relationship with in the past/
Dean didn’t relish the idea of stairs in his current state but nodded his head and composed himself back to standing.  He looked at Sister Veronica, desperate and needing her reassurance.
“Can we just drive for a while?” Cas asked, looking at Dean with unreadable eyes that he wanted to stare into long after it was safe to have his eyes off the road.
That night, before Abraham had even ventured out toward the cities, the angels found one man who treated them with respect and hospitality.  He offered them beds and food, and even the company of his daughters should they wish it.  The old days were full of such offers. You pious fools think to be heavenly means to be chaste and pure.  Let me assure you, angels are no such things.”
Dean rolled slightly so he could look over at his angel’s relaxed face.  It wasn’t often that he had the chance to see Cas without the weight of Heaven and Earth baring down on him.  The angel was otherworldly.  And not just because of his celestial nature, the perfect slope of his straight nose, the sweetness of his full, wide lips, the curve of his strong jaw.  Dean leans in and places a simple kiss on his cheek.
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Dean stared with wide eyes, enjoying the easy way Cas smiled at him now, hoping it would never stop. “You’re such a dumbass.”
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Dean chanted, dissolving into a mess of shaking limbs and unconsciously thrusting hips.
“Fuck no,” Dean moaned both in response to the question and to Castiel running his hands up Dean’s sides, poking and prodding his ribs with a firm finger that makes Dean wish he could arc into them.  How was it possible that the only way to get Castiel to feel him up was when he was in shock?  Some of the spots he touched flare up with pain, though, which can’t be a good sign.
He heard Sister Veronica sit next to the bed in one of the terrible chairs the Men of Letters left them.  She began her prayer again, nearly silent, as Dean cried himself to sleep.
“It feels to me like you’re into it,” Meg leaned forward and tried to kiss him, but Castiel kept his eyes shut and turned away.
Dean imagined what it could be.  A kiss?  Someone bringing that voice’s hand to her breast and letting him feel the soft curve.  He turned and peeked only to see Castiel Krushnic leaning back against the sinks, his wide mouth slightly open.  Meg Masters had one hand down his pants, the other pushing up under his tight-fitting black shirt.
“Hold on.” Cas went to the man’s bag and rifled through, pulling out a water bottle and a chocolate protein bar.  He ignored the thick paperback book and the frilly satin thong he found and rummaged for something useful.  When he returned, the man was still wincing but breathing more evenly.  “Eat this” he handed him the protein bar and waited for him to take a large bite, chew, and swallow.  “Drink this.” He handed him the water.
And Dean smiled.  A broad toothy grin that made his green eyes sparkle and lit his whole face up.  A few crinkled lines appeared in the corners of his eyes, exuding happiness.  Freckles spotted his sun-kissed skin and it was as if Castiel could see his soul.  So open and earnest.  What could Michael have possibly meant about him being gruff?  This man, he was… he was beautiful.
“Normally, we wouldn’t bring visitors this way to the chapel, but taking the main halls is longer and full of people, as I’m sure you can imagine.”
“You’re safe now.  The things we whisper under the sheet can’t hurt you.  If you want.  If not, I’ll just sit here with you until you’re ready to get out.” Dean leaned his elbows on his thighs and stared at the top of Castiel’s head.
Castiel stood up and put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “In other circumstances, I’d be flattered, but right now, we need to get the stingers out of you, certainly your bottom and the back of your thighs, so you can at least sit down.”
“Yes, they’re so problematic and I actually teach a whole course on LGTBQ and Black Character Tropes in Horror Films, but it’s a guilty pleasure.”  Castiel dipped a dumpling in the soy sauce and took a bite.  “Dean, this is so good.”
“I’m here, Sam.  Clean up. We have many stories to tell.  All of us.”  Cas gave his small tentative smile, but his eyes shone kindly as he led Rowena out into the living room, leaving the brothers alone.
Garth stood up and stretched from his spot next to Dean and came to nuzzle Castiel gently. “Hey puppy, this is much better,” he said, scritching the dog’s ears and leaning down to look into his big brown eyes.  The dog was so full of personality, lifting his eyebrows and tilting his head when Castiel spoke.  It almost felt like talking to a person.
“Cas…” Dean moaned as he bottomed out, his girth spreading Dean wide.  His rim was over-sensitive and nervous, still fluttering against the intrusion.  It was a strange feeling that Dean had forgotten.  He loved everything about it.
When Dean was a whimpering mess, bordering on sobbing, with one hand shoved in Cas’ hair and the other fisting his shirt, Castiel began bobbing his head, sucking and licking, pulling on Dean with his mouth and clutching his ass, digging fingertips into the hard muscle.
“Oh, yes.” The woman jumped to attention, which was surprising considering her apparent age. “The Sister has been waiting for you. Come this way.”
How had he never noticed how unbelievably hot Castiel was?  Probably because he kept that part of himself buried most of the time, to begin with, and doubly so around his asshole friends.  Seventeen was old enough to know nothing good came from coming out when the only people you talked to were dickbags.
“Yeah,” Dean rubbed the back of his neck.  “I mean, I’ve switched before, but most of the time, yeah.”
When he returned to the room, Dean was staring at him. Taking off latex gloves and replacing them with new sterile ones had never felt sexy before, but with Dean watching, Castiel found himself blushing.
“Fuuuckkk,” Dean groaned, tilting his hips up against Lisa, grabbing his beer, and finishing it in one gulp.
“Nah, we’ve pushed through the awkward phase, I don’t wanna have to do that with someone else all over again. I appreciate you bein’ so cool about this, Cas.”
Sister Veronica let him cry, barely moving.  Her soft breath whispered Latin he didn’t recognize, but which soothed him with the blanket of comfort she offered.  When he’d released what was certainly only the first wave of his anguish, he listened closer.
“I…” the man flushed, his face going red from the tips of his ears, spreading down his neck, and across his chest.  “I’m a bartender, dude. Sometimes I work the door.  Really not a sex worker.”  He frowned and went to stand up, but Castiel grasped his forearm.
He tried not to stare as the man fiddled with the controls and, for the first time since Castiel had been coming here, hopped on the treadmill and started to run.  He had a natural gait and long, lean legs.  His calves were striated with muscle showing off how little fat there had to be on his body.  Castiel realized he’d almost completely stopped running and was practically hanging over the railing of his machine as the man set a fast and hard pace.
Sam looked down at it with a soft smile.  “Thanks, but I’m good.  Just need a minute to get my sealegs.”
Instead of answering, Cas crawled over Dean, forcing him back down to lay on the couch, his wrists pinned beside his head.  Cas kissed him hard and deep, condensing the world down to the smell and taste and sound and feel of each other.  Dean lifted his hips, seeking contact, but Cas hovered just out of reach, keeping most of his weight on his knees and Dean’s wrists.
“Yeah, should have warned you, she’s a little rapey,” Cas laughed and stroked Claire’s head before giving some kind of hand gesture that made the dog back off Dean and sit.
“I’m such a fucking moron. You know, after everything we’ve been through, everything we’ve dealt with, why didn’t you just tell us what was going on. More secrets, man. Why? You should have just told me. Now you’re in some kind of trouble, I don’t even know what though, because I was too freaking freaked out to even freaking listen!”
“So what’s with the Pink Floyd Laser Show then?” Dean spat out, his temper flaring and having no patience for this nonsense.
“What, did you think I was lying?  You’re such a fuckin’ asshole, Cas, and I love you more than I know what to do with.  Living without you wasn’t livin’, man.  I’ve been dead for so long.”  He reached out and dragged Cas against him, chest to chest, skin to skin, heartbeat to heartbeat.  “Don’t make me live another fucking second without you.”
The world was insane, and everything was tilted on its ear. But he didn’t even fucking care if it made sense or not because Cas was inside him. His body was alight with pleasure and comfort and the knowledge that this was the only thing he wanted for the rest of his life.  It was the only thing he’d ever wanted.  And now, here they were.
He squeezed his eyes shut and pulled his knees up to his chest. “Father, I fervently pray again to be washed, be sanctified, and be justified.”
Dean let Sister Veronica put a blanket over him as he settled back, exhaustion threatening to pull him under.  Thankfully she just squeezed his hand and turned away, busying herself with god knew what on the other side of the room.
“Oh shit, I’m sorry,” Dean reached forward but Castiel scrambled back, crab crawling away from his touch. “Okay, I didn’t mean to scare you.  I won’t touch you.” He held up his hands and sat, quiet, patient.
“Whatever you think I should know.  I’ve told you my impression of you, tell me more.  I’m happy to share anything you’d like to know about me as well.” Cas’ even, unphased voice calms Dean.  There’s something about the way Cas was completely unflustered by these things and so unabashedly honest that made Dean free to divulge things he would typically have wrapped up tight.
“I don’t know why,” Meg said with shaky breaths.  “Why do you put up with me?  I fuck everything up.  I just can’t figure out why you’re so sweet on me.”
As if she could read his mind, she reached out and took his hand and softly, calmly, confidently said, “We’ll get them back, but first, we take care of you.”
“Yes, my love.  That’s what I want too.  From now until eternity, which is a literal time frame for angels.”
“I mean that in the best way possible.  Slasher movies are supposed to be bad. That’s part of their charm.”
When Castiel let out a little chuckle, Dean took a risk and reached out, sliding his fingers softly through his hair.  His body tensed, and for a moment Dean thought he might actually run, but then he surrendered, even moving slightly closer.
“Can you do that, Dean?” Sister Veronica was asking him, making intense, direct eye contact while holding a near-catatonic Castiel.
When he got home, he discovered Dean standing in the middle of the living room in nothing but a low slung pair of jeans flipping himself upside down in an attempt to do a handstand.  Garth cowered at the end of the couch, barking at his owner in horror.
Darling Readers, I will be out of town until next week with no internet and no wifi.  Which is a travesty when I have so much more to share with you!  I hope you enjoy this chapter though and can wait a little longer for the next one.  I promise it will be worth it.
“--Is there a dress code?  Like, right now you’re in your at-home comfy clothes.  When you go out do you have to wear a special sash like Miss America?”
He slipped his fingers under the shirt and pulled it up, exposing Cas’s flesh to the warmth of Dean’s room.  He pulled it up, slowly uncovering Cas, inch by inch, his fingered danced over his skin, enjoying the hardness of muscles against his skin.
Dean skipped 5th period and sat on the roof just outside the boys’ bathroom, smoking a cigarette.  He couldn’t concentrate on a single thing right now, his brain spinning out from one thought to the next, never solidly landing on anything long enough to make a coherent point. He hated it when he got like this.  It was like his brain belonged to some sadistic prick who was messing with him just for the fun of it.  He wanted to skip out, run out of here, and just fucking drive until his head was clear. But instead, he was stuck at school, trying to find calm but he couldn’t even be alone right—no wonder he was failing half his classes.
And how about Charlie?  She's such a hoot to write, it's like divine inspiration with her, stuff just shows up on the page without me realizing it and I'm laughing along with her.
He wasn’t the baby gay Castiel had accused him of.  He had a reasonable amount of experimentation and experience under his belt, but no one had ever affected him like Cas had with just a few kisses and shoving his fingers in Dean’s mouth.
“You do it.  Come in here and tell me how this thing is supposed to work.”  Cas pulls away with a pout and thrusts the strange contraction into Dean’s hands.  His own clothes now had a dusting of flour on them, but it’s nothing compared to Cas’ hair with smatterings of dough.
Castiel laughed; his anger from the morning disappearing into the afternoon light. “I’ll try, but you aren’t really built for it.”
at a fancy restaurant.  Can I call you Cas?”  He sat up easily now and looked Castiel right in the eye.
“Well, you look younger.” Dean grabbed himself a third beer and raised an eyebrow at Castiel, who finished his in one long swig and nodded his head.
Castiel shook his head.  These were precisely the kind of thoughts that had gotten him kicked out of his house at seventeen until he’d proven he’d repented. Exactly what threw him headlong into the evangelical church, where purity of thought and body were equally important.
When Cas opened his door, he had on a pair of dark gray house pants, similar to the ones he wore in the picture still swirling around in his mind, and an old band t-shirt.
“Oh, well, if it isn’t my favorite chew toy.”  A stocky kid with black hair slicked back and a crooked smile stopped directly in front of them.  “What are you doing here, pet, and with such a strapping lad.  He looks good enough to eat.”
Castiel checked over Dean’s legs quickly before standing up and starting the process again on his front side. He raked his fingers through Dean’s thick, dirty blonde hair and a bee flew out.
“Fuck, Meg, I’m sorry.”  He didn’t know what was happening, The guy couldn’t really hurt her in front of all these people, but she was practically catatonic except for the hyperventilating and shaking.  Dean was starting to worry she might pass out.
Instead, he was opening the door to one of the many local gyms in the area that catered to idiots like him with stupid schedules and a need to keep up appearances.  His brother always mocked him for his need to run every day.
“But Bobby will like you for the same reason I think you’ll like him.  He’s redneck hillbilly all the way.  Drove tractor-trailers for a dozen years or so and then opened up the garage.  But that’s only one side of him.  What you wouldn’t know is he’s fluent in like five languages, including Latin and greek.  He’s got stacks of books all over the house, driving Jody insane, on all kinds of esoteric cultural and anthropological topics.  Books that he’s probably the only person to ever read.  He can also strip down and rebuild a shotgun faster than any person I’ve ever met.”
Lisa stared at him, pale and blinking, still not understanding what he was talking about.  And wasn’t that just the fuckin punchline, she didn’t even get it.  The part of Dean that had cared about her wanted to scream and cry, but the rest of him just wanted to get back to Castiel.
“Shhhh…  Patience, sweet one,” Cas soothed before breathing hot air against his already incendiary cock.  He ran his nose and cheek up and down Dean’s length, humming in appreciation and sending vibrations through the younger man’s body.
Castiel was now kneeling right in front of the ugliest pair of workout shorts he had seen in a long time, jaw hung open slightly, licking his lips.  God, what he wouldn’t give to suckle on the cock that waited so temptingly for him under those few layers of clothes.
The article went on to talk about Meg Masters’ previous work and current exhibit.  It speculated about their potential relationship, Castiel’s stated orientation as gay versus the way he looks at her.  Then there’s a picture of Cas leaning in to kiss a beautiful woman with pale skin and blonde hair pulled up on the top of her head.  Exactly like the woman on Cas’ website.
He felt as it relaxed under his touch.  Would all of this man relax under his touch?  If he moved his hands north, what parts of him would stiffen and what parts would open under his fingers?
Dean clutched at Castiel’s sides, unable to hold back, wrapping his large hands around Cas’s middle.  Cas was stronger than his narrow figure would lead you to believe—all hard muscle and unforgiving bone.  Dean moaned as his hands rode up and down Cas’ flanks, wishing there was less clothing between them.  When he reached down to slip a hand under the hem of Castiel’s shirt, he barely got the tips of his fingers against that enticing skin before Cas lifted up from the spot he was suckling on Dean’s collarbone and pinned him to the couch with a look.
They spend the rest of their meal arguing about which Hatchet Man is the best (Cas thinks #1, Dean #3 - it’s underrated), barking out other favorites to test each other’s reactions, and gradually coming to sit pressed against each other.  Their plates sat forgotten as they leaned back on the overstuffed cushions of the couch and leaned in toward each other.
Castiel was torn, he wanted to be invisible and just get dressed as quickly as possible, but at the same time, part of him longed for those green eyes to notice him.  He paused at the front door.  All of his bags were gone.  There’s no way someone stole them all the way out here unless someone had been following him.
“Well, I’m sure you have a concussion of some sort. I don’t know how you could have gotten this knocked around and not have one.”
It was cute, actually. Dean hadn’t seen Sam smitten with anyone in a really freaking long time and if anyone deserved to be happy, it was Sam. Kid had been through enough.
He stepped out into the hall and the door to Dean’s room was ajar.  He was tempted, so damn tempted to peek in, to learn more about this man and what kind of things he surrounded himself by.  But that would be a violation of trust, and he’d learned a long time ago how essential it was to keep temptation in its place.
Dean risked a moment to look down. His leg was covered in blood and his jeans were ripped. Something warm and thick oozed down his face.
“I have an idea,” Sister Veronica offered, unusually soft. “I think I can keep them distracted for a while.”
At the door, he could hear a low voice inside and the banging of pots.  He waited until it sounded like things had calmed down before knocking on the door.
As promised, here is my apology for posting the same chapter twice yesterday and getting y'all excited over nothing.  I hope you enjoy Baz, he is almost as much fun to write as Charlie and has some of the best lines ever.  He'll be here and in the next chapter.
“It's Sam.  And yeah, yeah—I’m okay.  It’s crazy, you know?  I feel like I’ve come out of some kind of fog, like I was sleeping or something the last few years.  I can’t believe how I treated Bobby.”  He sat on the couch and hung his head, his hound dog eyes and long hair making him look so young.
Dean looked up at him, squinting with a frown on his face.  He swung his legs off the couch and nodded silently.
Castiel trudged along the dirt road, his hair wet from the misting rain and his body ached from carrying all his earthly possessions with him.  He’d stupidly assumed that Sioux Falls would have a taxi service, or uber, or a bus system.  Instead, he was stuck trudging along the road following the directions Reverend Michael had given him to the cabin where he would be renting a room for the summer.
Dean flipped on the small bedside lamp and looked down at the unmoving vessel. Jimmy Novak would have looked like this if he’d died a normal death, laid out in a coffin, open-casket wake, wife and daughter keening and throwing themselves on him. He smirked, imagining Claire ever doing something like that. Missing Daddy or not, that girl was always going to be a badass. He liked Claire. She was kind of like one of his own, but not. Just like she was kind of Cas’s, but not.
“Yeah,” Dean shrugged, taking another drink, “I guess you could.  But Me and Sammy, we had it pretty rough growing up.  I was four when our mom died, Sam was a baby, and our Dad didn’t like to stay in one place for too long.  I pretty much raised Sam and the closest thing we had to family was Bobby Singer, here in Sioux Falls.  He took us in when our Dad ditched us.  I’d just turned 18 and could legally look after Sam, who was 14, so Dad set us up in a motel and took off.  I heard a few years later he’d died of congestive heart failure or something.”
Castiel shivered and brought his hands up Dean’s sides before gripping his shoulders and sliding one hand into Dean’s hair.  “Good to know you enjoyed last night as much as I did,”  Castiel spoke into Dean’s neck, his lips rubbing against the skin and his tongue poking out to caress the flesh now and then.  “You were so good.  So delicious to kiss and well behaved when I asked you to open your mouth for me.”
A year, Dean, with a girl who was nice enough, but seemed like little more than a bed warmer.  Because it was easier to be straight.”
Two of Cas’ fingers ghosted up Dean’s body before slipping into his mouth, pressing down on his tongue and petting him lazily.
“Hmmm,” Castiel replied as he sliced the other pant leg. “This one is banged up and will bruise badly, but I think you’re okay.  How are your hips,”  Castiel leaned forward and placed a hand on each of Dean’s hips, bringing his face uncomfortably close to Dean’s crotch.  Fuck, even a broken leg couldn’t steal how good Cas looked right now, looking up at him from between his legs.  Damn it all. If he hadn’t lost so much blood, he’d be getting an erection.
Sister Veronica graces Dean with her biggest smile yet, causing his ears to burn and his eyes shift from her to his brother uncomfortably.
Once the door shut behind her, he turned and looked directly where Dean was hiding, catching his eye with large intense blue ones. “You know who spies on people, Dean?”
All the other nurses thoroughly enjoyed torturing the only male nurse on staff in the ER. Most of the time Castiel didn’t mind at all. Being male and being gay made him what Meg lovingly referred to as the ER’s mascot—a unicorn. All the joking and teasing was in good fun though. It was emotionally draining work and they had to make fun where they could. Castiel certainly knew how to dish it out when it was someone else’s turn to be the focus of the teasing.
“Here are the directions,” Cas pointed to an open cookbook, splattered with God knew what.  “I’m going to give up on trying to impress you and change into something clean.
“So, you’re telling me you were only going at 5AM to see me?” Dean rounded the counter and slowly approached Cas.  A hungry glint in his eye.
“To get the bees to stop chasing me.” The man groaned, his head falling to his chest. “Bees don’t like water, right?”
“Dean, how is this any of your concern?  My relationship with Meg is complicated, but no, we have not had sex, nor will we.”
The food was good, and the conversation was at least cathartic, but they were all exhausted.  Rowena retreated to her bedroom first, refusing all attempts to help make her bed or clean up.  Dean suspected she was relieved to have this all be over just to be rid of them.
Dean pulled his knees up, wrapping himself around Sister Veronica as she silently stood vigil over his internal incineration.  He wept so hard his throat hurt.  He clutched to her so desperately, his hands cramped.  He broke so thoroughly his soul might as well have evaporated on this exhale.  He didn’t need it anymore.
Dean’s whole body shuddered at the sheer intensity of it.  He moaned and his eyes rolled back in his head.
“Oh, it’s okay. I don’t mind you asking.  It’s just… complicated.  I spent some time after college trying to figure out who I was and what I wanted.  I got into some trouble, nothing big except for that man I shot in Reno.”
“This is nothing at odds with our faith, this is history, facts, and it’s exciting to learn about. It engages people so they interact with the scripture, not just obey it.” Castiel retorted more fire in his words than he usually allowed.
“Good.” Cas released him and stepped back, leaving Dean trembling and chilled.  “Go to the living room and take off your shirt.  Kneel on the floor in front of the couch and wait for me.”
When his shift was over and he checked his phone, Bobby had sent a note that he was ordering pizza for dinner, which was awesome.  Dean liked to cook, but it was a chore just like anything else and he ended up cooking for the three of them most nights.  Instead of heading home right away, he decided to take a drive.  It was finally staying light out longer and he’d been stuck either in a classroom or under a car all day.  He needed to stretch his wings a little.
He walked closer and ran his hand down the logs of the house. They fit together so closely, he couldn’t tell if they were all individual pieces or somehow came together preformed.  He knew a little about woodworking; had helped rebuild a barn as a teen and even made a bench once, but nothing like this.
The man stretched one leg out, then the other—and, pulling it back in with a muffled cry, clutched his inner thigh.  “Owww, fuck.”  He practically bounced in place as his eyes screwed shut.
“Okay.” Dean stood and ran a hand over his face, his scruff now a full-fledged beard.  “I need to get cleaned up too at some point here.”  Dean adjusted his clothes and straightened his back, rolling stiff shoulders back.
“Why?” Dean hopped up on Bobby’s desk and dangled his legs, staring at Cas.  He’s relaxed now, standing still in the middle of the room, right over the demon trap painted on the wood under the rug but not bothered by it in the least.
He drove too fast, the roads slick from the early morning rain, but he knew the way now.  The way home to reassurance and comfort.  The way to Dean.  His phone rang and when he saw Duma’s name on the screen he ignored it, anger and frustration filling his thoughts.
“Hey, hey, Meg.  What’s going on?” He bent down so she could look him in the eye and he spotted the oncoming panic.  He knew that look—the fear, the feeling that you’re going to drown in your own pain.
He turned left at the fork in the road, passing by a no trespassing sign and mailbox with a sign hanging from it.  The top line said, “Dean Winchester.”  The second line said, “Winchester Designs.”
“Weren’t you?  Wasn’t Dad whispering in your ear when you were young and vulnerable and heartbroken a kind of spell?”
“We shall see,” she smiled gently before placing her lips on his forehead. “I want you to sleep now, but you must make me one promise.”
After a few moments, he felt Cas come over and stand next to him.  He was so close, Dean could feel the heat coming off him, their shoulders only millimeters apart.  If he shifted his weight, he could lean against the calmness Cas radiated.  His momentary bout of anxiety in the car notwithstanding, Cas seemed to be completely unflappable, even in the face of broken bones and magical wards and boys who can’t stop looking at him, hoping for a glimpse of the person behind the stoic facade.
“Okay?” Cas asked into Dean’s skin before kissing and rubbing his nose along whatever parts of Dean he could reach.
This afternoon he was on oil change duty.  The kind of work even he could do in his sleep, but whatever, it kept him busy and made him some cash.  He changed into his overalls and work boots and started in on the line of cars waiting for him.  It kept him busy for the whole three hours he was there, his brain not having enough time to even try to think about anything else.
“What? I’m fine?” Dean sat up straighter and shook his head. “We only have 3, maybe 4 more hours. If I let you drive, it’ll be more like 10.”
Dean moaned, his cock twitching at the memory.  He most definitely didn’t have time or the privacy to jack-off in the car outside Cas’ apartment, but the memory of those dry, textured finger beds petting his tongue as he stood there, mouth open, letting himself be used however Cas desired.  A shiver broke out through his body, his shoulders twitching, need pooling low in his gut.  He didn’t have words for that feeling, but he wanted more.  He craved it.
“Cas, please.  I need you.  It’s enough.” Dean released his legs and reached for Cas, pulling on his face with both hands.  “Please make love to me.”
Dean nodded and finally allowed his brother to bear more of his weight as they walked further away from the sound of Cas’s screams.
Castiel frowned and looked down, breaking their eye contact leaving Dean feeling unmoored. Cas never broke eye contact. He was like some kind of unblinking lizard who could just hold his gaze for unending amounts of time. Dean wasn’t used to Cas looking away. He didn’t like it. Something felt unfinished between them and the longer Cas went without speaking, the more frustrated he became.
“Of course not. I’m not a monster.” Cas wandered further in, somehow knowing what direction to go to get to the living room where the couch and television were shoved against one wall. The rest of the room was dedicated to bookshelves and Bobby’s books.
Cas urged him forward with a gentle hand and Dean didn’t resist.  He licked the head, pulling a drop of precum into his mouth, rolling it around to savor the flavor of Cas’s desire.  He dipped back in, drawing circles with his tongue around the head before sucking it into his mouth.  He thrust his tongue out, widening his lips so he could take more and more of Cas.  Bobbing forward and back until he was again suckling on the sensitive head.
“So how’s your girlfriend?” Dean said just as Castiel was taking a sip of water, making him cough.  And Dean absolutely didn’t laugh about that—that kind of behavior would be childish.
He smiled then, bouncing slightly on his toes before finally sitting and taking another sip of milk.  His eyes glinted with power and hunger.  Predatory.
“You really okay, Sammy?”  Dean asked, a wrinkle in his browline as he grabbed the blanket and pillow he’d been using this week from the closet for his brother.  “I can stay here with you, and you know all you have to do is call or pray to Cas, and I’ll be right back.”
The places Cas, Dean, and Jack are all real places approximately on the way from Massachusetts to South Dakota.  I make no promises on the timelines or actual route they took.  I've provided links where I could so you can see where they went.
“No, the fuck you aren’t!”  Dean looked at the ceiling for a moment, his lips moving with the mental math.  “Wait… Holy shit, you are.  Man, we got old.”
Castiel’s eyes flashed white and he stood. Lightning flashed inside the angel trap and his wings unfurled, filling up the entire space, pressing up against the ring of fire and releasing the acrid smell of burnt flesh.
CW: There is a discussion in this chapter of a gay exorcism.  If you haven't heard of this before DO NOT google it.  It's as awful as it sounds and is a real thing.  I've done the research so you don't have to.  What happened to Cas is not discussed in great detail or with a lot of emotion, nor is it the most extreme case I've read about, but I wanted you to know it was in here.
“Sammy,” Dean reached out, pulling the sweaty, oily, disgusting body of his brother into his arms.  “You’re okay—you’re really okay?”  Dean clutched him, and kissed his head, rocking together like he had when they were kids.  Tears fell from his eyes without hesitation, dive-bombing off his lashes toward the floor.
Dean shrugged, “Like I told you, I’m good with weird.  Our Mom, she died because of something weird, nothing like you, it was… the bad kind.  And since then, our Dad has been, uh, really into figuring out what’s out there.”
“Oh, so you’re admitting that you kissed me now?” Dean chuckled and kept his hands moving languidly through Castiel’s thick hair. “So what was it?”
Castiel frowned.  He turned back to Dean’s leg and when he was satisfied, he looked straight at Dean as the light in his eyes dimmed and all Dean could see were the blue ones he’d gotten strangely used to.
“Sounds good to me,” Dean chimed in. “I mean, worst case, we get wasted and hang out just us, right?  Who knows, maybe it’ll be fun.”
“Could be bee stings, could be from the bar fight I got in over the weekend.” Dean shrugged like it was the most obvious thing in the world that he would have been in a bar fight.
“Nothing, I need a drink. Let’s find a motel, check-in, and hit the town. We have 24 hours before desecrating a church. I say we live it up.” He claps his hands together and walks out of the chapel.
“I hope you know I wouldn’t do that.  I couldn’t fix my vacuum and had to pay someone to help me.  I wish I knew how to work on things like cars.  Is that why you’re interested in mechanical engineering?”
God had sent him here, God had called him to walk a true path.  And even though he was weak, even though he was a sinner, his
“I’m glad,” He blushes slightly before taking a bite of his own.  “So, what’s your favorite horror movie?”
“Yeah, Dean.  You.  I don’t know what to do with these feelings so it was easier to feel pain.  I understand pain.”
Dean squinted at him and folded his shoulders forward, the way he did when he was younger and tried to hide how tall he was to avoid attention.  “You didn’t do anything.”
“Do we have a poll going?” Meg asked. “Clarence always manages to weasel his way out of doing the grunt work. I hope it’s something like gangrene or maggots.” She laughed full of mischievous glee.
“Again, not Catholic.  And no, that’s not a problem for me.  Everyone finds their path to God in their own way at their own time.  For some people, it’s seminary; for others, it’s the beauty of nature. God’s love is there whether you’re looking for it or not.”
Dean laughed again. From someone else it would feel like they were laughing at him but from Dean, it was so warm and kind, Castiel found himself smiling even though he still wasn’t in on the joke.
Cas stood and turned to face them. Her tanned skin and golden brown eyes were all they could see thanks to the dress and headscarf, but she was tall and commanded a presence even in this impressive space.
“I didn’t exactly let her. She just did it.  There was a time in the beginning when we were more physical, but I’m no longer… interested isn’t the right word… maybe capable?... of that anymore.  We’re still very tactile, though, and we both enjoy that.”
“Good,” Dean nodded. “I can’t imagine how you fit on a motel bed by yourself, let alone with someone else. We should see if we can special order you an extra long one for the bunker.”
“Exactly, that’s why he goes by Baz.  Our parents were friends and we grew up together.  They passed in a car accident when we were in high school and he came to live with us.  He’s some kind of broker of international antiquities and art or something pretentious I don’t understand, but he keeps this apartment for residency and visits sometimes.  Otherwise, I live here alone.  I would never be able to afford something like this on my salary alone, but while Baz is many infuriating things, he is a loyal and dedicated friend.”
Dean arched up off the couch with a cry, his head slamming back onto the armrest.  His hands fumbled and searched for anything to hold onto, one wrapping around the back of the couch, the other finding Cas’ hand on his hip, gripping it hard enough to feel the bones.
I AM a little surprised no one caught the great big teasers in Chapter 15 though, or at least you didn't say anything.  Anyone have any guesses?
After school was a mad dash, he had to get all his shit, get to his car, pick up Sammy from middle school, and get back home before his shift at the garage started.  He didn’t do much yet, but Bobby let him take on more work as he could handle it, and three shifts a week wasn’t so bad to earn some spending money and take care of himself and Sam as much as he could.  Fuck knows his dad didn’t send any cash to Bobby for watching them.
“Either way works for me.  It might be nice to walk together.  It’s a good stretch, I hear.” Castiel smirked when Dean turned red and then he winked.
Dean followed behind, trying to organize his thoughts.  “How do you know?  How do you know you aren’t some kind of monster we haven’t heard of?”
Castiel chuckled gently and nodded.  “I’ll try.  It's not a healthy way to handle things, I know that.  I know better.  But I felt so out of control, it was easy to slide into bad habits.  I can’t promise anything but I’ll try.”
“Cas…” Dean breathed, feeling boneless and completely satisfied.  He wrapped his arms around Cas’s back, pulling him down to lay his full weight against him.  Dean kissed his cheek, his ear, his neck, his shoulder, hands soothing up and down the muscles running along Cas’s spine.  “That was amazing.  More than amazing.  I… Thank you.”
“That seems limiting.  Have you ever thought about it?” Castiel wasn’t letting this go and Dean didn’t know why other than this was probably the most coherent Dean had been since falling down here.
He heard a rush of wind and Castiel was there at his side.  How long had he been there?  How had he gotten down here so fast?
Dean watched, starry-eyed as Cas moved down his body, licking and sucking as he went.  Cas held nothing back, marking up Dean’s flesh as he pulled the blood to the skin’s surface with hard sucks and bites like he wanted to draw out all of Dean’s secrets with his mouth.
Dean shook his head, trying to get the weird ass image out of his head. “Nothing, just Krushnic being weird again. Dude thinks he’s photosynthesizing or something.  What’s his deal?”
“We’re not leaving.” He cut her off gently. “We’re just gonna clear our heads a little.  I called and texted Cas and told him where we’d be. He’ll find us.  Let’s take care of you now, okay?”
“What did you say?” He whispered, lying back on the bed again, fatigue beginning to narrow his vision.
“Come out when you’re ready.  I got us some Chinese food from the place you and Sam used to like, and Rowena is fading fast.” Cas leaned against the doorframe, his arms crossed in front of his chest, pulling the white button-up tight against his shoulders and arms.  The sleeves were rolled up again, showing off strong, tan forearms.  Shit, this wasn’t the time to be lusting over his ex, but he wasn’t in control of it; the attraction—the connection they had had a mind of its own.
Since then, Castiel had learned that running while fantasizing was possible, but running with a hard-on was exceptionally inconvenient.
“Cas, fuck, I’m gonna….”  He came hard and suddenly.  Castiel didn’t stop sucking, swallowing down Dean’s come in spurts. His ministrations softened and calmed as Dean relaxed below him.
“Hey, Cas?” A gravelly voice called out to him and Castiel shut his eyes as his heart stuttered before turning around.  He was still talking to him.  Was it too much to hope?
Cas frowned and pulled his hips away from Dean’s touch.  “I know that’s not true.  Don’t patronize me. That just makes me feel even more foolish.”  Cas jerked his hands away, leaving Dean’s skin cold.
“Yes, that’s true. You’ve had a terrible day, haven’t you?” Castiel chuckled again, rolling over to the computer in the room and pulling up the patient intake. After twenty minutes of inputting his patient’s personal details and listening to Dean Winchester, local contractor extraordinaire, summarizing his story about finding a massive beehive inside a client’s walls and then being swarmed and chased into the lake, Castiel was ready to do an initial exam.
Castiel didn’t say anything but held Dean’s gaze. They stood like that for another moment, altogether far longer than should be comfortable, but Dean didn’t mind.  He didn’t move his hand, just lightly gripped Cas on the shoulder, squeezing a little now and then.
“With the scripture.  With the word of God as written.  Not with your academic attempts to rip it apart.” Michael’s voice rose, passion driving his words. “This is exactly the problem with progressive Christianity and I won’t have it in my church.”
“Look, I’m sorry about earlier.  I was out on the ledge skipping class.  It’s not like I planned on hearing you with your girlfriend.” Dean blushed slightly, looked down at his feet as he tried walking backward.
A sob broke from Castiel’s chest and he curled tighter in on himself, his tears cracking through the dam of self-preservation he had constructed.
With some support, he felt better, but now they had to get around Crowley.  “Come on, Meg.” Dean shuffled behind the new kid, using him like a shield, and tried to work his way through the crowd, but there were even more of them now.  Crowley had drawn a crowd and people were pressed in around them.  Looking at her with morbid curiosity in their eyes, but not helping.
“I’ll take that as a yes.”  Cas kissed him again and began running his hand up and down Dean’s spine.  “Dean, I want you.  I want you so much it haunts my days.  And everything I learn about you only makes me want you more.  What we did earlier, that was amazing.  You were beautiful—letting go, giving yourself over to me like that.  I’d meant it to just be fun, but it’s like you’re primed to slip into the headspace and, I admit, it’s hard not to take what you offer.  I already did more than I meant to, and now you’re upset because I mishandled it.  I’m sorry.”
Cas tilted his head and looked at Dean, but he just fidgeted and avoided eye contact.  “If I asked about Sam’s interests in school, you’d talk for hours, but it’s difficult for you to even admit to being curious about something, isn’t it?”
When Cas stopped wailing is unclear.  Dean’s ears rang for so long during and after the outburst. He thought his eyes might pop.  He’d born it better than his brother, though, who had a trickle of blood pouring out of one ear.
the newcomers in their own ways.  Lot, the man who had received them, tried to protest, but they shoved him aside, proceeding to beat and rape the angels who had been forbidden from using their powers.  And we sat and watched.
“Oh,” Cas exhaled.  The two of them held tight for a moment, each trembling with the confessions and realizations of the last week.  Dean felt vulnerable, naked in ways that went well beyond his body.  He hadn’t felt this way in so long he wasn’t sure he still could, but being with Cas and feeling his touch, hearing his voice—it made him feel safe in a way he’d forced himself to forget was possible.
Lisa came back with the water and handed it to Meg with as little enthusiasm as possible. “Gordon and Ruby are going upstairs to find a room.  They invited us.  You coming?” She blinked her eyelashes at him and pushed her long wavy hair over her shoulder. Dean couldn’t like her less.
“You’re going to have to do a lot of it.  But right now, I want you to try to believe that I am so delighted you’re here and so incredibly excited to get to know you.” Cas nosed Dean’s cheek and then sat back.
Dean ached, his body twisted and arched against Cas’ immoveable hold.  He cried out, begged, whimpered, anything to get Cas’ tongue inside him.
While Dean showered, Sister Veronica followed Sam to the infirmary.  He went about pulling out various items while she poked around the cabinets. “This is quite an extensive medical facility you have.  Medications, blood, supplies.  Is this regularly necessary?”
“Well, I have a feeling that inviting me here was at least in part a test to see if I could get past the protection work, which makes you smart.”
“Get a room, you pervs,” Ruby laughed before leaning in. “Unless you want company.” She winked at Dean when he and Lisa stopped kissing and then leaned up to take Lisa’s lips in her own, licking the bottom one and drawing out the slow sweet kiss.
.  I haven’t been with anyone the way we were.  I… I’ve only topped.”  Dean wrapped his arms around Cas and pulled him tight, curling around his body and burying his head in Cas’ neck, so his words were muffled in the short hair behind his ear.  “I couldn’t stand the idea of anyone else inside me.  I… I guess part of me has been waiting for you.”
“Yeah, they’ve been speaking in Spanish since he finally calmed down.  My Spanish is decent, but I can’t keep up well enough to try and listen in.” Sam offered, leaning the broom against the wall.
“Yeah, okay—Cas and I got you clothes and your toothbrush and stuff from Bobby’s.  It’s all in the bag in the bathroom.”
“Are you flirting with me during the fuckin’ Apocolypse?”  Dean laughed and sauntered slowly toward the other man, reaching out and taking hold of Cas’ upper arms.  His large hands wrapped around Cas’ strong muscles easily, and Cas dropped his arms, letting them fall to his sides.
“Hmm, I’ll try to contain myself then,” Castiel deadpanned, tilting his head and staring into Dean’s eyes.  They really were unreal, so green, with flecks of gold that sparkled under the lights.
Cas collapsed on top of Dean, panting and boneless.  His cock still firmly lodged deep within Dean.  It twitched and pulsed with aftershocks, and Dean loved the soft intimacy of it almost as much as he’d enjoyed the explosive sex.  Cas’ hot come coated his insides and slid out as Cas softened.
Halfway through his 2nd helping of Sister Veronica’s delicious pancakes, Dean’s vibrating leg and whirling thoughts got to be too much for him. “Where the fuck is Cas?”
Cas placed his lips against the back of Dean’s neck, kissing and nibbling.  Heat traveled along the line Cas traced with his tongue.  By the time Cas got to the crook of his neck, Dean was overheated and squirming.  That’s all it took.  A few growled words and Cas’s delicious lips and Dean was done for.  It had only been a few days since he even admitted to himself that he wanted this, and now he was a simpering mess, begging Cas for more.  He didn’t even care what. He just wanted
“I’ll get my car,” Dean said, nodding at Cas, who smiled at him with just a touch of his lips.  Dean was learning all of his little ticks and expressions and was starting to think he knew how to read the guy, at least a little.  Cas led Meg out the closest door.
“We can if you want to,” Dean leaned down and placed a gentle kiss on Cas’ cheek.  “We’ve had a week to clear the air, though.  Is there anything you haven’t told me?”  Dean kissed his other cheek, his thumb stroking the side of Cas’ face.
“I’m sorry.” Meg shook her head against his chest and took a deep breath before looking up at him.  Dean’s heart beats in his ears and his breath comes quickly as they look at each other with such open affection.  Castiel brushes a hand down her cheek.
“Oh, you big, beautiful lumbering pile of flannel,” Crowley laughed but there was no humor in it, only cruelty.
Cas navigated the menu options with one hand while the other rubbed the skin of Dean’s arm gently, the contact grounding and soothing.
of his teacher’s voice and trying to ignore this feeling of someone watching him.  It followed him around these days, everywhere he went, a sense of eyes on him.  Sometimes it was a lingering sense in the back of his mind, sometimes it was a brutal shock to his system, like all of a sudden someone’s eyes had turned on their hidden laser abilities and turned them against him.
The halls were stuffed full of laughter and bodies.  Couples made out against lockers and big kids shoved smaller kids out of their way, and sometimes Dean couldn’t believe he was the same species as all these walking talking stereotypes.
Thank you so much for all the comments and kudos and notes.  I know we're really in the thick of it now so this was supposed to be 2 chapters but I decided to put them together since it flows well as one and damnit you guys deserve it.  Thanks again and enjoy!
Dean clawed at Cas’s shoulders, pulling himself up to kiss and lick and plead the angel to take him, love him.
“Sister Veronica,” he said, sitting on one of the examination beds. “I have to admit; I’m a little uncomfortable.”
“Tell me, Dean, what kind of experience do you have with men?” Castiel asked in his low, smooth sex voice.
Thanks guys for your patience with updates.  Between school starting, life stuff, and deciding to take a shot at Kinktober I'm behind, BUT we're nearing the end for these two idiots.  A little more story and then I have a fun present for those of you who have stuck with it to the end :)  Enjoy the chapter and let me know what you think!
“Slow down, Alice,” Castiel teased.  “You don’t want another cramp.  Stretch out your legs while you eat, then lay down and let gravity lengthen your muscles.  However, you need the sugar first.”
“Seriously?  Don’t you want to be with someone, or at least you know, scratch that itch once in a while?” Dean waggled his eyebrows suggestively.
Also, I got all your awesome comments and will respond soon, it's been a hell of a week.  I threw out my back which reignited an old injury and my kid is on day 4 of a 100degree fever.  Uggh.  Here's hoping next week calms down and I can get some shit done!
“I can only imagine.” The man rolled his eyes with a heavy sigh. His face flushed and it was not likely from the stings.
darlings, I hope you enjoy this chapter!  I'm on vacation this week but wanted to get something up for you since it's been a while.
Dean didn’t hear the rest of the conversation. It was all he could do to keep his shit together long enough for the conversation to end. He added a raised eyebrow or a “hmmm” whenever Sam looked at him, but he honestly had no idea what they talked about. All he knew for sure was they were leaving first thing to meet up with Cas.
He ran his hand down his face, dropping down to sit his ass on the concrete floor, and stared at the workbench blankly. White noise filled his head and every time he tried to organize his thoughts, it was like someone was pulling on the back of his eyeballs.
He picked through Dean’s toiletries, using only what he needed, but he loved the rich smell of the soap he used to wash himself.  The gruff man even had facewash he could use to try and get the mud out of his pores before he started looking like the 15-year-old version of himself.
In the car, Dean squealed away from the church as Sam looked up motels on his phone. “This one is close, but also near downtown. Take a left up here. I’ll see if I can get a room.” He pecked at his phone for a minute as Dean followed the directions.
He looked up and Castiel was looking away, staring only at his leg and the light that was somehow coming from him.
“I’ll be seeing you, Megan, Castiel.  We’ll pick this up when it’s more convenient.”  Crowley flashed an oily smile and then slipped away into the crowd.
All Dean could feel was the wash of cool calmness spreading through his body, soothing the bruises blooming beneath his skin, and the aches in his muscles. Even the spinning of his head eased off.  Now that he could think clearer, he watched his skin close over the wound, new and perfect like it had never happened.
“I’m so sorry,” Castiel leaned forward, his hands itching to take Dean’s, but instead, he took another sip of his beer.
Dean looked around again.  A transfer student he didn’t know had a determined look on his face and came to stand next to Dean.  He had broad shoulders and looked older than the rest of them, definitely going to be on the football team. “It looks to me like the girl doesn’t want to be talkin’ to you, Chief,” he said, holding Crowley’s gaze before looking at Dean and giving him a quick nod.
When he finally finished, he handed the wrapper to Castiel and took another drink of water before laying down.
“No, it’s okay,—really, I’m not some sort of judgey SWERF,” Castiel reassured him, but the man’s face scrunched up in confusion.  “Sex Worker Exclusionary Radical Feminist.  I have no problem with sex workers.”
“I’m fine, Dean.” Castiel used his best impartial voice before inspecting Dean’s stomach, his hips, and his legs. He ran his hand along a patch of Dean’s thigh that had no stings, making sure he could tell the difference between unbothered skin and reactive skin. He kept as much distance between himself and Dean’s warm skin, but he had to lean in to look closely.
Castiel shook his head. “Not right now, maybe someday, in another sheet tent.” A faint smile glanced across his face, highlighting just how handsome Dean found him.
“Whoa, Nelly!” Missouri called out, shaking her head as she sauntered into the nurse’s station at Lebanon Memorial Hospital. “Who drew the short straw this shift?”
Dean talked until he fell asleep in the stupid little chair, holding Cas’s hand, head on the bed next to the body’s hip, getting the first dream-free night of sleep he’d had in years.
After what felt like an extravagantly long shower, Castiel stepped out and dried off with this cream-colored towel, soft and plush.  He was starting to feel like he’d walked into a dream until he remembered that he didn’t have any clothes with him.
“Vafiel and Lezoul were so blinded by Abraham’s goodness.  They watched as the man bargained with God himself to spare the cities of sin.  The Garrison laughed at their naivety and I didn’t stop them, the hubris of Abraham to think he knew the value of a life better than God almost as funny as the angels who followed him.”
Previously on Prayer in G: Dean and Castiel spend a domestic day at the cabin and then head into town to run some errands.
Cas unzipped his jeans and instantly set his mouth to sucking and kissing the cotton-covered cock.  “God, you smell good,” Cas said.  His voice a low rumble that rolled across Dean’s body like thunder.
“No big loss, really. We’d been on our own long before he died.  But my point is that Bobby had no cause taking me in with a criminal record full of petty crimes I did to prove my Dad right about what a shit I was and keep food on the table for Sam.  But he saw past that and when he looked at us, he saw two kids, clinging to each other, just trying to get by.  So when Jody asked me if I could take in some kid who needed a place to stay for a few months, of course I said yes.”
Meg grabbed the back of his shirt and leaned against his back.  She was afraid of this guy.  This slimy little pig fucker had done something to make Meg cower.  He may not know her well but he’d seen her flip out on people before, heard her make impassioned and obscenity filled protests over how the girls were treated in Biology Class by their dick of a teacher (who happened to be named Dick Roman).  She always held her head high no matter what anyone did or said.
Castiel was quick, efficient, and very detailed. He moved on quickly and got Dean’s back and most of his shoulders done and then had Dean sit on the examination table. “I wish I could give you a gown or a blanket or something.”
.  How the fuck was he going to get out of here?  Castiel couldn’t carry him all the way back to the car and he had no idea how he’d gotten here.  Was he going to be stuck in the woods with some fucking wood splint as he tried not to pass out from the pain?  Actually, passing out doesn’t sound half bad…  That would be kind of nice.
Castiel wasn’t even surprised anymore and got back to work while they talked. Amelia examined Dean while Castiel got the rest of the bee stings out. By the time he was done, Dean was on steroids and asleep thanks to the pain meds and adrenaline drop. The room wasn’t needed, so the nurses decided to let him sleep it off.
Don't forget you can bid on me writing you a story to your specs! I'm an author for the FicFacer's auction with proceeds going to Random Acts. Right now, the bid for me is only $15. Got an idea or prompt you want me to write for you? Check out the deets on how to bid!
Instead, he hopped off the table and went to the bookshelf closest to Cas. “There are more books downstairs but we can flip through these to start.”  He pulled one off that’s kind of an encyclopedia of creatures various hunters have encountered over the years.  He placed it down on the desk and flipped through.
Further in the war room, Dean spotted Cas and Sister Veronica still sitting on the floor, but now they were back to holding both hands and speaking to each other quietly.
Before Dean had a chance to say another word, Cas had him turned around, face pressed against the refrigerator, and his arm twisted up behind him.  In the end, he was held in place with one hand pushing on the side of his face, the other wrapped around his wrist.
“Did you get dressed up for me, Cas?” Dean says with a tone rife with equal parts mocking and affection.
“I didn’t say that.” Victor laughed and Dean hooted back, cringing on the inside at his own behavior.  When had he turned into the kind of dickbag he hated?  He took another drink and stopped thinking about it.
Castiel’s own body responded to the tone of Dean’s voice and his rapid breathing. Only his training and the possibility that Dean’s panting could be due to shock kept him in check.
“Nope, no strings. I would be able to tell, I’m sure. It’s fine.” Dean stared at the ceiling as he spoke.
The pity in Sam’s voice was what finally broke Dean out of his trance.  He wouldn’t have his little brother looking at him like that, like something damaged.  He’d been beaten worse, fucked rougher.  Cas had nothing on the pain he’d endured in the past without breaking.  So why did this feel like the world ending?
Dean ran his fingers through the thick, dark hair, tugging slightly to pull Cas’ head where he wanted it so he could deepen their kiss.  He stroked the man’s face, his thumb dragging Cas’ lip down even as he kissed him.  There wasn’t a single part of the angel he didn’t want to touch in some way.  With each pass of his fingers along Cas’ face and each grip of his arms, Dean’s broken pieces fell back into place.
“Sorry, Cas.” he sniffed, wiping away a tear of his own as he released Castiel.  “How about some dinner?  I have left over spaghetti and meatballs we can heat up easy.  You eat what you can, I won’t nag you, I know it takes time to start again.”
But the sound had increased and Dean rolled onto his side and covered his ears.  Human voices were screaming and that high-pitched angelic voice wailed around him, shattering his television and any other glass surfaces in his room.
Dean chuckled fondly before taking a large sip and then laying down, letting the warmth of Cas’s lap surround him.
But Sodom and Gomorrah had offended God’s laws and abused his angels, and so I led my garrison.  I stood at the front and gave the battle cry as my sword took down the first dozen humans in one blow.  The carnage of not one but two cities was thick and bloody.  The land these cities stood on would take generations to recover.  We decimated property, salted crops, set fire to virgins, we enacted God’s light with the fury of pure submission.
“Sam said I couldn’t.” Dean cast his eyes downward, realizing instantly how stupid and juvenile he sounded.
“One date and I’m cooking you dinner and cleaning your kitchen.  By the third, you’ll have me dusting the crown molding in nothing but a butt plug.”  Dean tossed it out there without thinking, but one look at Cas told him he perhaps should choose his words more carefully.
“Dean, I’m an angel.” He smiled with a tilt of his head, his blue eyes glinting in the low light.  “You’re clean, I can tell, and it wouldn’t matter anyway. I can’t get sick.  And for lube… trust me, I’ll make sure you don’t hurt.”  He kissed Dean again, slowly with no pressure or build, just reassurance and request for trust.  Dean reached out with his tongue, pulling Cas deeper, his body relaxing and giving over to Cas.
. It would be good to get a second body in here to make sure this was a reaction to the stress of the situation and not shock.
“Four… almost five.  And about 6 months later we hit the road.  Sam was one.  I changed diapers and fed him and taught him how to walk.  His first word was damn, which I convinced Dad was his version of baby talk for Daddy.  That was pretty funny.” Dean chuckled, remembering all the other swear words he taught baby Sam.
“That is not how you speak to me.  You should show me some respect.” Cas’s voice was low and distant, the words like gravel against his throat.
Dean nodded and ran a hand down Cas’ face, caressing the newly sharp jawline and scruffy cheek.  He laid his large hand on Cas’ neck and tightened his grip slightly.  Cas exhaled, eyes still locked on Deans.  He licked his lips, and Cas’ pupils dilated.  The familiar look of desire and need filling the space and calling out to Dean.  He could feel the tension in Cas’ body coiling, reading to spring.
When Dean stilled, Castiel nuzzled into the line of thin blonde hair that ran from Dean’s belly button to the zipper of his jeans.  He kissed back up, using his nose to nudge the shirt up until he could lick around and into Dean’s belly button, making the large man release a self-conscious giggle.  Cas continued to thrust his hips into the couch, his movement fluid and languid.  His chest still applied pressure and warmth to Dean’s cock.
“No! I’m not Catholic.” Castiel laughed at the sheer look of horror on Dean’s face. “Seminary can be for all different kinds of Christians, depends on where you go and the classes you take.  I’m from a non-denominational church.”
“Spies,” and with that bizarre non sequitur, Castiel left the bathroom, presumably to return to class.
Dean chuckles and kisses his cheek.  They roll around, never separating their skin from each other until they find a comfortable position.  Dean falls quickly into the first truly peaceful sleep he’d had in years.
“Sam, you have a wound on your stomach too and certainly at least bruising on your back, maybe a cracked rib.  I was there for the fighting. I saw what you took on.  You’re a very brave man.”
“It’s alright, Dean, that’s good, just lean on me and let’s get your robe on.  We’ll go to my room, ok?  Far away from Cas.”
“So you’re just going to give up, leave him in a ring of holy oil, raging and going insane forever.”
Cas laughed, “Of the boys, Hanna is the youngest.  So I was the baby, the disappointment, the disgrace, the betrayer.”
“Clarance, this is why you’re an excellent nurse, and also why being a nurse isn’t really a good fit for you. Too much heart has always been your problem. He’ll be fine. I’m sure there’s someone he can call and if not, security will drive him wherever or social services will help. He’s not your responsibility anymore.” Meg squeezed him tight.
“Cas, why are you acting like this?  I mean, yeah, I want to know what’s going on with you, but mostly I want to help you.  You saved my life.  Let me help you find answers.”
Plot points that are needed to go on to the next chapter in case you skipped this one.  Angels don't experience love as passion or desire.  It is not an active verb.  For Castiel in angel mode, he would experience those feelings as something closer to rage.  Cas is a warrior, he didn't answer prayers or deliver puppies to orphans.
Her look was so kind and gentle. He couldn’t even make fun of her.  His words trapped, not because he couldn’t say that due to his usual emotional constipation but because she had stolen them from his lips with her kindness
“This is supposed to be a dumpling maker.  It does not; however, in any way, contribute to the making of dumplings.” Castiel was so angry, so indigent. All Dean could do was laugh.  He laughed until his face hurt despite Cas’s grimace and then pulled the man into a full-body hug.
In the main space, there weren’t many people there yet—again, because 5AM was a fucking insane time to be here.  Why did he do this to himself again?
His words were cut off as Cas released his wrist and backhanded him across the face.  His eyes saw nothing but white and the sparks flying above their heads, bringing the room to full light.  Dean could hear the sound of bulbs exploding in the hall.
“I can hardly think,” Cas covered his ears with his hands, then without warning, his eyes glowed an intense white, filling the room with the screeching howl of his true voice.
Cas’s eyes flashed and another static shock burst behind him. This time a whoosh of cool air rushed through the room.
Castiel’s hands touch Dean’s leg and he hisses and tries to pull away.  The movement caused blinding pain to white out his vision and Dean definitely felt like he was going to throw up.
“Wait, you can talk to her?” Dean leaned forward. “It wasn’t like that with Jimmy, or any of the other angels we’ve met. The hosts are asleep.”
Castiel caught his breath and then pushed it from his mind. “Dean, don’t worry about it. It happens all the time, the adrenaline and then being touched in ways you aren’t used to. Guys get aroused in the ER regularly. It’s nothing to be ashamed of.”
Work passed quickly.  He had a lot of little but interesting jobs and his customers were generally pleasant to interact with.  He was flipping through social media during his afternoon break when Charlie came flomping in from her office.
A large happy-looking dog with a lolling tongue and wagging tail pranced out of the main room and looked up at Dean before giving a soft bork.
Dean kept his hands outside of Cas’ clothes but ran them along his sides, around his back, and gripped his shoulders.  He needed Cas to keep him grounded, needed his solidness to give him strength because as amazing as this felt, it was also a kind of chaos.  Dean rarely allowed anything in his life he didn’t have a firm handle on, and Castiel pushed him out of his comfort zones in every way.  And Dean ached for it.  When they were apart, even just for a day, Dean yearned for it.  It was too intense, too incredible, and Dean worried he might erupt into flames.
Before he could say another word, Dean grabbed Castiel’s hand holding his phone, used Castiel’s thumb to unlock it, his hands running across Cas’s confidently.  He sent a text to an unknown number.  “Ok, I have your number now.  I’ll text you my address if you don’t mind driving.  My brother needs the car tonight, so… if that’s okay.”
“Hey, angel cakes,” Dean began, striding over to them as if it didn’t bother him in the least. “You okay?  That was quite a light show.  Haven’t seen that in a while.”
“Dean, it’s not like we’re not trying.” Sam placated, his large hands spreading before him as if to display all the things they had done. “Donatello has no ideas, Crowly has no leads and has put all Demons on high alert to report back if they hear anything, Chuck isn’t answering our prayers, the books have nothing, and we even reached out to the British Men of Letters, but they were shit out of luck too.  I don’t know where else to look!”
Dean’s entire body wanted to take Cas into his arms, to kiss him and hold him and tell him how amazing he is, but he knew to do that could likely start this whole breakdown over, and he never wanted to see Cas like that again.
“Ok.”  She went about cleaning his wounds, touching him as little as possible with her fingers, except for examining his ribs for cracks. “I can see how you would see similarities between Castiel and me.  I was meant to be their Vessel all along, but as I had already taken my vows when they needed one, it was not an option.  Clergy are not used for vessels if possible as we are already serving Heaven. But since I am created of the essence that would hold their true form, we are naturally alike.”
Sam looked between them and raised an eyebrow.  “Suuuure.  Okay.  Yeah, you go.  I saw enough when we were in school to last a lifetime.”  He shuddered, then laughed.
. His best friend. That sounded stupid coming out of an adult’s mouth. Best Friend. Like they had sleepovers and braided each other’s hair. Nah, Cas was family. He was his brother. Or sister?
Cas entered Dean with a soft kiss, pushing slowly but insistently until he was fully sheathed inside the man he loved.  Once there, his eyes flickered and he dropped his head to Dean’s neck, just breathing.  The angel’s body shook and Dean placed kisses along his shoulder, stroking his back.
Cas released his suction and worked his way down the length of Dean’s cock. Finally, he opened his jaw, extended his tongue, and opened his throat.  The broad tip of Dean’s erection dipped into Cas’ throat and he swallowed before pulling back up, drawing his tongue along the sensitive underside.  At the very tip, just before he freed his hold, Cas bit down hard.
“Showed up out of nowhere at the beginning of the school year, rumor was he didn’t talk at all at first and didn’t remember anything but his name,” Gordon said.
Dean wanted to look.  He wanted to see who was fucking around in the bathroom in the middle of fifth period.  And if he didn’t admit out loud that he wanted to see who that voice belonged to, then it hadn’t really happened. Dean felt his brain come into sharp focus as he strained to hear more.
Their life was lacking in a lot of absolutes, but him, Sammy, and Cas, they were family. They were brothers. They were the thing he could count on.
“Okay.” Cas leaned forward and set the remotes on his tray and the tray on the couch seat next to him.  “You’re relegated to your water from dinner, no bubbly okay?”
Out in the hall, Dean leaned against the wall, one leg bent so his foot pressed up against it. He squeezed his eyes shut and rocked his head back. The feeling of the wall knocking the back of his head was soothing. The impact, the solidness of it. He could count on it. If he slammed his head back, it would hurt. If he punched the wall, it would crack and his hand would likely break. If he kicked it, he’d definitely do some damage to the wall and himself.
Garth looked up at him, his whole body quivering with the desire to tackle Castiel again, or get his ears scritched, or perhaps murder a wandering drifter.
“I tried.  He’s not answering. He left me.  He would never leave me.  I can’t. I need Castiel.  You don’t understand.” She was getting frantic, gripping Dean’s shoulders and digging her nails into his shirt so hard he’d probably have half-circles marked on his skin, but he didn’t really care.  He didn’t like seeing her like this and he knew she wasn’t going to be happy that so many people had been around when she lost control.
“Castiel?” Dean whimpered, searching for those blue eyes. “How are we gonna get me out of here.  I’m so tired.  I don’t think I can walk and there’s no way you can carry me and, shit, I don’t want to be on the tunnel’s death toll.”
His mind goes blank and, for an exquisite moment, he is at peace—confident in his worth and beauty because Cas tells him he is good.  He feels strong and invincible because of the power and lust surging through his body, flowing between the two men like electricity.
“Fuck.” Dean grabbed Benny and practically shoved Meg into his arms saying, “watch her,” before he ran over and grabbed Cas’s arm.  “Come on man, not here.”
Dean shook his head.  He should be the one holding his angel.  He should be the one offering comfort during whatever was going on.  But right now, the nun’s focus was clear.  Help Cas however we could.
“Dean?” Sam’s voice was soft and nearby, but Dean couldn’t bear for him to see him like this, broken and used. “Dean, I’ve got your bathrobe. Let’s get you out of here.”
Meg nodded and let him wrap an arm around her shoulder and half guided, half pushed her into the crowd.  She kept her back straight, her tears reigned in, and while Dean didn’t know what was going on, he could tell it was an act of tremendous strength to keep her shit together like this.  There were so many people there that he couldn’t keep from bumping into someone no matter which way he went.
The man sighed and laid back down.  “It’s fine.  I’m being defensive.  I hear shit like that every day at the bar.  People either make comments or actually offer me money and it gets a little… exhausting.”
“Kah Nah Om Dar,” Cas mumbles in Enochian against Dean’s skin, the low gravelly voice coming out with a sigh.
“What about the artifact?” He cut Sam off, unable to hear any more of his excuses.  He paced slowly, trying to think, but all he had in his head was the look on Cas’s face when he screamed and slammed the back of his hand against his face.”
“That going to be a problem for you, Cas?  I don’t go to church or say my rosary?” Dean stuffed half a burger in his mouth, his eyes suddenly hard.
Before Dean could speak, her eyes flashed a bright blue, thunder cracked overhead, and for an instant, a light so bright he almost had to look away flared, showing Cas’s wings, massive and magnificent, in shadow and light. And they were perfect, restored after being damaged from losing his grace.
Sister Veronica approached where Dean stood still, trying to keep the defeated shape of his shoulders from becoming permanent.  She wore a pair of his jeans and one of Cas’s few clothing items, a blue teeshirt that said “Beez Kneez” in yellow.  She looked ridiculous and precious and It was all Dean could do to keep from screaming at her that she shouldn’t be wearing Cas’s things.  He was still here. She didn’t have the right.
But holding back, surrendering to Cas’ demands, releasing control—It gave him a euphoric out-of-body feeling that stretched like a rubber band of constant tension.  Being with Cas was close to that indescribable something he’d never let himself experience before.  And fuck, Dean wanted more.
“All they had were two singles with kitchenettes, so I opted to spend the extra instead of sharing a bed.”
Dean crouched down to pet the dog when an extra-long tongue snaked its way directly into his mouth before she put her front paws on his shoulders and knocked him down.  Dean sputtered and spit through his laughter as the dog kept bouncing on his chest. “Jesus.”
“Wait, so like, you called us to be your muscle?” Dean scoffed. “Because you, again, made some kind of stupid deal and can’t hold up your end?”
“What?” The man was dripping sweat and from the pallor of his skin was probably having a sugar crash.
He hit Cas’s number, hoping the guy had his phone with him.  It rang and rang, no voicemail.  Dean tried again and when he didn’t get an answer, he texted.
“Dean,” Castiel scolded. “The first time my grace is witnessed in each new vessel, it exerts itself to be known. It’s not something I’ve done for attention.”
Oh shit!  Dean is home, Sam knocked him out with a punch, and Bobby's passed out drunk!  Is this the homecoming you were expecting?
“Cute and naked. That meets my requirements,” she winked at him, but when he didn’t laugh, she frowned. “What’s up?”
—for it to be over, but when Sam woke up, his eyes were clear and his smile was tired but genuine.  Dean’s heart faltered at the first flutter of his lids.  Some part of him didn’t believe his brother would ever wake up.  He wanted to believe it, to believe that good things do happen, but there was no proof of that in his experience, and the stakes were too fucking high right now.  So he lied to himself and tried so hard to believe until he saw his brother’s green eyes—identical to his own—looking back at him.
“Shut up,” Sam mumbled before dropping his eyes back down to his phone, his thumbs clicking away furiously.
The living room was a lot like Sam and Dean’s, practical, a sectional and chair with a nice coffee table and inoffensive entertainment system.  But everything was in shades of black or beige, slightly oversized, and there was just more breathing room like Cas hadn’t had to squish furniture together to make it fit.
“Do I though? Maybe if he had told us about any of this in the first place, I’d be a little more sympathetic to his identity issues.” Dean seethed, his hands gripping the wheel.
“I’ve never complained if a girl wanted to slap me around during sex while wearing a Zorro mask.” He chuckled. “Or guy.”
He pulled over the small chair and sat down, looking over the person he thought of as Castiel. The angel, no the Seraph. He was a warrior, a soldier. He’d fallen and resisted and fought for what he thought was right so many times. But to Dean, he was still just Cas with his head tilt and his droll way of speaking.
want.” Cas maneuvered himself, so his knees were between Dean’s legs, so he had to place one foot on the floor, the other splayed up on the back of the couch.
Dean left one hand on Meg’s leg and dug his phone out of his pocket with the other. “Keep your eyes on me, Meg.  You’re gonna be okay.  I’m gonna help.  I promise I’m right here.”
“You’re hanging your own rope with this.  It will turn out badly.  People need direction, the surety of truth, not interpretation or translations.  The flock is weak, it’s your job to be strong.  The sooner you learn that the better you will be at your job.”
“When she calls you Clarence, she’s calling you an angel. It’s from an old movie.  I’ll show it to you some time.”
Cas hovered over Dean. He worked his way down, mouth sucking and licking every scrap of skin he could find as his hands held on like he was afraid Dean was going to disappear. His tongue traced along the corded muscle of Dean’s neck, kissing his way across his own name inked into Dean’s flesh.
Our desire to please went so deep we didn’t stop at only the two cities. We continued to Admah and then to Zeboim.  Our hair and clothes were so streaked with blood we shed anything we didn’t need and slaughtered humanity, naked and glorious.”
“Yeah, yeah, Bobby.  Sorry.  We got carried away.” he said, picking up the books and exchanging looks with his brother.  Where the fuck had Cas gone?
“I don’t know, from what my friend Charlie says, you’re Queer Elite.  She warned me about getting caught up in your limelight.”  Dean leaned forward and looked around them as if they were spies on a deep-cover mission.
Castiel licked his lips without thinking about it, the beer making his brain fuzzy and his reactions slow. “I’m the wrong side of 30, actually.  But most people assume I’m younger.”
Amelia, his twin brother’s wife, stuck her head into the room. She was a PA and excellent at her job. “Hey Ame, can you check over D… Mr. Winchester here? He has a lot of bee stings and is dizzy. I’m pretty sure it’s a stress reaction but would love a second opinion. And if you can write him some antihistamines and pain meds, that would be awesome.”
“That’s nice.  We need to wrap your ribs now, though.  Maybe ask her to join us tomorrow.  I have a feeling we will need as much help as we can get, presuming she’s a hunter.”
I'm so sorry for the long delay.  I had another story spring from my mind fully formed like Athena out of Zeus's skull.  I promise, I'm not working on anything else until I finish this story.  There's not much left to go!
and the American Depression and something about the religious symbolism and the apocalypse. Dean wanted nothing more than to be able to just transport himself out of here and into his car so he could drive aimlessly, enjoying the beautiful early spring day.
The kitchen is the first stop and with exposed brick walls, stainless steel appliances, and all-black countertops, it’s an upscale reno job.  “Damn, did you buy it like this or reno yourself?”
“Cas, are you worried I’m actually upset?” Dean asked and Cas looked down.  “I’m not.  I didn’t mean to tease you about something sensitive.”
“Yeah, I guess.” He shook his head and went back to the lounge to gather his things. On a whim, he decided to do something reckless, the kind of thing he never does, and scribbled a note on the back of one of the flyers hanging on the bulletin board. He’d never know if he didn’t try.
FYI, I'm throwing my hat in the kinktober ring.  Day 1's story is already up!  Check it out and follow along for some good old-fashioned smut.  Subscribe to the series for updates (hopefully) every day.
“Yeah, she is.  A good one, actually.” He nodded to himself and quickly sent the invitation.  It would be nice to see her.
“Of all the topics we discussed last night, anything having to do with engineering, specifically mechanical engineering, seemed to get you the most excited.  Well, aside from potential interpersonal activities.”
Each time Dean’s body began to tense up, Cas would shush him with a kiss, and his body relaxed.  In the darkness, his eyes held a slight otherworldly glow, and Dean somehow knew he was using his powers to ease the way.  Cool soothing power slicked his insides and soothed his muscles.
“Oh, I… I didn’t realize you were, you know, working…” Castiel’s face flushed as he remembered the sexy thong in Dean’s bag.  He couldn’t help but wonder how much it would cost to get inside a man this beautiful.
Castiel shuffles, slightly uncomfortable.  This is an entirely new sight and Dean unabashedly loves it.  The overconfident, super blunt, domineering Castiel who finger fucked his mouth on the streets of Boston last night is suddenly shy?
“It was very confusing.” Dean squeaked and raised his hands, but before they could say anything more, Cas appeared, his arrival filled with more wind and dust than usual, like he was literally landing in the kitchen.  He appeared crouched, angel blade out, and that stupid tackle box under his arm.
“You gonna do surgery on me, Castiel?” Dean snickered before groaning as another wave of pain overtook him and he had to close his eyes and breathe or risk throwing up all over Castiel.
“Clean this shit up and make sure you put the books away where you found them.  I’m glad you two are taking an interest, but next time could you try and keep from crumpling the pages quite so much?”
Tenderly, he kissed Dean’s softening cock and then pulled up his underwear and jeans and buttoned him up.  He slid, like thick liquid, up and over Dean’s deflated frame.  “So good.  I’ve wanted to do that since the first time I saw you.  But you’re so much sweeter than I could have hoped.”
A soft smile came to Sister Veronica’s face and she released one of Cas’s hands to run hers through his hair and clasp the side of his neck.
“I don’t quite know how to explain it.  When I was younger and I preferred sticking with my mother and Hannah, doing chores and playing with the girls. I wouldn’t get dinner because I hadn’t done my share of the men’s chores.  It became a way to rebel, I accepted not having food as the price of being who I wanted to be. Hunger meant freedom.  But eventually, it would get to be too much, too painful and I’d give in.  Eventually I always gave in. And if I’m thinking about wanting to eat, my mind can’t think about wanting…”
Sorry for the delay.  Ironically enough I had a bad mental health week and had to step back a little.  I'm on the mend though :D
“Yes, I have a belly button,” Cas frowned, turning his body slightly away from Sam.  “What does that prove?”
“He’s right,” Cas said hesitantly.  “We shouldn’t assume it’s not possible.  Plus, I haven’t told you about my tail yet.”
“What the fuck ever,” Dean laughed, pulling him even tighter.  He fisted Sam’s shirt and sniffed, thanking every God who had ever been prayed to for this one miracle.
Dean panted, staring wide-eyed at the silhouette of his lover. “Then you need to fuck me before I explode.”
When Dean complied without a word, Sister Veronica motioned to Sam.  Dean could still hear them, but their words floated around him, barely registering.  All he could think about was Cas.  Beautiful, powerful,
He hadn’t even spoken to this Winchester guy.  All Michael had said was that he was a little gruff and not with the church, so don’t get too comfortable.  But a warm bed is a warm bed, and apparently, this guy had a spare car he could drive while he was here, so Castiel trudged on.  He was probably some harmless old recluse anyway.
Cas pulled away, eyes dark and needy, hands shoved up under Dean’s shirt, roaming and caressing until they came around to clutch his ass. He pulled Dean’s hips up as Cas suckled the head of his cock with the light, torturous movements of his lips.
He stood on his hands in front of Dean, their eyes almost meeting, but instead, Dean looked him over and reached out a tender hand.  His fingers touched the scarred flesh of Castiel’s stomach, his shirt had been untucked and fell down, revealing the burn marks that started over his right shoulder and trailed down over his hip and below the waistline of his pants.
“Usually, yes, but I find, I enjoy the company of Sister Veronica and she wished to remain aware. It’s more like how you would experience a subconscious or inner voice. She’s there, but I am the one
“No, it’s actually, it’s strangely nice to have it come up.  She usually only gets talked about for sad things, but she was a really happy person.” He took a deep breath and continued.  “She was shot.  Someone broke into our house and was going through Sam’s nursery, it was a small house so it doubled as the office, they probably didn’t even know he was in there, and she heard something and interrupted them.  My Dad was passed out drunk on the couch.  I heard it all and hid under my bed. When they left, I grabbed Sammy and ran to the neighbors.  They called 911.”
“Please don’t stop.  Please don’t leave me.  Even if it’s just for these few moments.  Please.” Desperate blue eyes sought out Dean’s gaze, the agony of hope so painful to see.
Dean leaned forward, rocking on his hands and needs in supplication to the angel he loved.  He took Cas’s cock deeper and deeper, relaxing his throat and taking as much of the thick erection as he could.
“Yes, dental floss and sewing needles, I’ve been informed, but it will hurt less and not leave a scar if you allow me to do it correctly.  Plus, don’t you know, this is one of the few things nuns are allowed to do in battle.  Let me be useful.”
“Ok, so, I was thinking…” Sam rushed into the room like a whirlwind, talking as he streamed past them into the kitchen.
“Nothing,” Sam reached down and turned up the radio.  Dean had a new tape Gordon had copied for him, something heavy and hard and angry.  He mostly preferred the box of tapes his dad had left when he left him the Impala but he liked knowing what his friends were talking about, so he tried to listen along at least a little.  The thing was, he knew Sammy hated this kind of music.  He was all about the melody and the words—little dweeb.  But turning up The Kills was a sure fire way to tell his brother was NOT ok.
Dean nodded.  “I don’t blame her. She’s been a trooper about all this.  She’s got to be exhausted too.  That kind of magic is no joke.  It takes a lot out of a person to do the simple stuff well, let alone whatever she had to tap into this week.”
Fear filled her brown eyes as she shook her head. “There’s… he’s here.  He’s here and I can’t—I need to find Castiel.” Her breathing sped up as she punched out the words, only kind of making sense.
“Umm…” Dean’s voice was lower than expected, rumbling like a distant thunderstorm. Castiel’s hair prickled, practically standing on end, and he had to repress a small swoony sigh. “Do you think…someone else could…”
“I’m surprised to admit it, but it totally works.  I feel like we’re separate from the rest of the world in here.”
Castiel felt the red flush spread across his chest and up his face, blooming like poppies on his cheeks.  The blush would only make his scars stand out, but Dean didn’t seem to notice. He just held Castiel’s eyes for a beat longer than necessary before looking away and busying himself pulling ingredients out of the fridge.
Her parents died when she was 6. Her mother from dehydration in the desert because she kept giving her water to Veronica as they crossed into America. Later, her father was beaten on his way home from his construction job and unable to go to the hospital. Undocumented immigrants don’t have health insurance. They don’t have a lot of things. And their children often don’t have anything at all. Both times Veronica watched reapers come and take the shadowy remains of her parents away.
