“Steve…” Tony whispered, tilting his head back, biting his lower lip. He couldn’t get enough of the feeling that was running through his body when Steve was paying full attention to him like that in such a confined space. The heat of the coat closet they were hiding in just added to the excitement of it all. His muscle rippled and tightens under the firm and sensual hands of the super soldier as they ran up and down Tony’s exposed chest, his red dress shirt hanging wide open.
Tony stuttered, burying himself into Steve’s chest but he couldn’t hear a heartbeat, he just felt the heat of his body that he had yearned for all this time. “Steve, no, Steve...”
, who would put a manhole in the desert?” Tony groaned, crouching down to remove the plate. Lo and behold, this also unlocked a passage to the undercover lab that Steve had likely been held in. Without a second of thought he jumped into it, sliding down the chute and resisting the urge to shout ‘weeeeeeeee’, after all, that would defeat the point of a surprise attack. The situation was serious but that didn’t prevent him from having a little fun with it all at Zola’s expense.
Steve darted toward the needle and began to climb it, reaching the bomb and opening the panel right away so that Janet could fly into it. His azure eyes scanned the wires then he began to draw from his past knowledge to try and tug at the right one.
The rest of them were in agreement, and even though Bruce sat there with his arms folded and head down, he agreed. Much like Clint, he wasn’t too keen on working in a team; in fact, he thought it was best if he stayed away from humanity as a whole, given the unpredictable nature of his condition, but spending more time with the Avengers had allowed him to learn more about himself, to have that support that he hadn’t had in so many years, to have a family. As distant as he may have appeared, Bruce had grown surprisingly attached to his team of Avengers.
“That makes no sense at all. I wouldn’t be standing if my organs weren’t functioning, Tony!”
Peter hopped to his feet and held out his hands to cocoon Carol in webbing, it was his best shot. He didn’t want to hurt her but he didn’t want to let her go.
“Touch it, see? Baby soft.”
“Inside… Now!” he begged.
“He did..?”
“No Cap, there’s something else you might want to look at. It’s our old pal… Tony Masters, AKA, Taskmaster.”
Tony ran to the bot, before it lunged forward and grabbed Steve by the collar, raising him off the floor with ease.
Tony spotted the shift of the shadow and stared up at the pale skinned, tall man that stood in front of him. Even through a blur of tears he saw him, he saw that tear skim down his bloodless skin, a dark track left in place of it. He drew himself closer and pressed both hands against the glass, only for Steve to mimic him and do the same, staring so pleadingly.
The invincible Iron Man was breaking.
“S’pose so. Come on, let’s get this over with, I want to finish that before we get called out again.” The Captain took the lead out, taking long strides as he left his neat and tidy room behind him, Tony having to take quick steps to catch him up like a lost puppy trying to catch up to its owner.
“I can’t… Feel you, Tony. Not with these.” He stuttered, looking at his new hands that were made of sparkling chrome each finger curling in tandem. “I could feel your heart just not… You.”
“Why is he standing still?”
I take a deep breath and my thoughts remain the same…
His fingertips touched the wound, wondering that now he had finally remembered that he was an angel, whether or not he would gain special powers, angelic powers, like the ones his mother used to tell him about. She used to say that angels could heal anyone, anything, and for many years as he sat at his sickly mother’s bedside he used to pray for angels to come.
Jessica, a black haired policewoman with her hair tied up in a ponytail, peeked through the door. “This guy?” She looked Steve up and down and pursed her lips together. “You’ll be out in a week.”
Due to corruption being an issue, there was one rule, to prevent the heart from growing corrupt, to prevent angels from getting distracted from their job; angels are forbidden to fall in love with each other. They were allowed to fall for humans because humans are simple, they need to be loved and cared for, but angels will be cared for by the creator – and that was all the love they need.
“To become perfect, we must embrace what we need to. We must embrace the future.”
I knew I would see him in hell, facing him when I was up against Mephisto, with that demon that was made to look like my father. The way he yelled at me made me tremble like I was 5 years old again and I could feel my eyes filling with tears but I was too afraid of being called a ‘sissy’ again among other insults. I was behind my armour at the time which was meant to protect  me, after all I am the invincible Iron Man, but it was at that point that my armour began to fracture and crumble and I could feel the pain surging through my heart. I had to resort to praying and hoping that my words would get to him as much as his words were haunting me, like daggers in my heart. I mentioned the unconditional love my mother gave us both and that had managed to push him back and allowed me to defeat him, if only my mother’s love could have been that effective when he was alive. Everything spiralled when she died and he felt nothing but pain which he would inflict on me, as though I wasn’t suffering enough from the loss of the one person who actually showed me what love was, if only for a fleeting moment it seems now that I put it into perspective. To constantly be battered down by the one person that mattered in my life, to watch him build this empire right before my eyes and to witness its downfall, to feel it collapsing on me when I’d let it fall when Obadiah had managed to gain control. Every night I would stare into the mirror and look at my reflection and see him, I’d see his growl, I’d feel every word crawling beneath my skin and tearing me apart. He would haunt my dreams, my nightmares, constantly telling me that I was never good enough and that I was destroying his work, once again only living in the crimson tainted shadow that he had created for me to live in.
“Mmmph!” he struggled, his hands reaching up and trying to grip the ones that held him, attempting to tear them away with the little strength he had remaining.
“Steve... M-m... my hero...” He whispered, mainly to himself. “I’ll love you till I die... Beyond that even...”
Tony stares for a second with curiosity, watching the way Steve was rummaging through the bags that he had brought back, taking out something small that he hid in his hands. “Oh?”
Again, Steve was just gawking at the silver, now bent, piece of metal and trying to find the words that could express how very confused he was, but Tony gave him one more look of desperation, clapping his hands which caused the cop to snap out of it and place his hands at 10 and 2 before slamming his foot down on the acceleration, siren blaring loudly as they took to the streets.
Luckily, Peter was the one to kneel down to the manhole; it was certain that Tony would have difficult with the chunky armour that he was in.  Tony slipped in first, since he knew his armour would take the longest, and he could use it to light up the way. He slid down the railing of the ladder and landed with a loud thump, hearing the screech of rats as they moved away. His arc reactor gleamed brightly as he stood at the bottom, holding out his arms. “We’re all clear, no waters, there’s a small path probably for workmen down here.”
Tony’s eyes were still shifting from purple to light brown. The grunts from the man behind his clenched teeth, sounds escaping from the back of his throat.
“New time zone.” He tried to put it in more accurate terms.
“Tony… I…”
“There! Over there!” Tony pointed with his red and gold gloved hand.
“So what brings you here?” Steve asked, his long lashes hiding his eyes while he tilted his head down to focus on his piece. The soft breathing by his ear made it difficult to fully concentrate though keeping up the illusion of focus would bear no harm.
“I need to feel you, taste you.” He replied bluntly.
“S-S-Steve…” he cried out.
Tony couldn’t see Steve any more, it’s like in that very moment with his father’s words, he had fallen from grace, fallen from his father’s eyes. He’d become a fallen angel, and even prior to that his wings had become dark in colour, probably due to previous and similar situations to the one he had witnessed.
“Like I said, this place became more of a memorial ground. This part of the city was hit the worst by the explosions and well… Became a graveyard.”
That day a vow was made.
“An organism designed to look like a potato, apparently.”
“I appreciate your confidence in me, Carol.”
“I’m not even down there and it smells disgusting. I don’t remember sewers smelling this bad! You’d think with the lack of chilli-dogs and vendors that this thing would smell way better.”
The Captain took a heavy breath as he felt one of the feathers on his wings drop and fall to the ground. It was a painful sensation, as though his heart had truly hit the floor and created this dull ache in his chest. The more Tony was doubting him the more it was hurting him, the more damaging it was to his heart as it instilled doubt in his heart and mind as to whether he was finally just losing it.
practical, am I right?”
“Yeah, and he’s nuts too.”
Tony gasped for breath, spitting out the battery fluid tasting blood from his mouth in what little space he had. He was trying to seek solace within his memories, trying to plead for mercy and one more chance to save Steve. His pleas were answered when there was a bright light, the shelf was lifted by Steve who threw the shelf back against the wall aggressively, but upon impact it broke.
Tony could feel his heart swell (if he didn’t know better he would’ve thought that his reactor was faltering) and the corner of his lips flicked from shock to a smile. He claps his hands together, trying to act cool about it, when deep inside he wants to give everyone a tight hug for their hard work. Amazed at the time that it had taken and the results it yielded.
“The park looked terrible. Little grass, more dirt, a couple of trees…”
Tony broke the kiss and panted near to Steve’s bright red ear, “I’m going to…” He warned, clutching tighter onto his muscular shoulders, just above where the arms began.
“If it wasn’t for you…”
Tony fell still. He stared, numb, into Steve’s sharp eyes that could so easily pierce through his soul. They didn’t seem angry, they seemed worried and pained. Steve had lost so much in his life, so much so that Tony could understand the rationale behind the soldier and his (over) protective nature. But this stare made his cheeks flush, which he found profoundly embarrassing to say the least.
“I’m glad they weren’t interested, having Sunset around running an entire industry would be…” He cut himself off and just shuddered instead to demonstrate his point.
Tony nodded, glad that Steve was being so understanding.
She screamed a high pitched shrill shriek when Steve touched the cat again, pulling it back. “Stay away officer! Until you get that… Whatever it is under control..!” She yelled, pointing at Tony.
“What kind of malfunctions, Tony?” Now his tone was becoming more serious, his eyebrows furrowed, giving Tony that glare that he would only see him give criminals.
“Well, I suppose they were real, but the truth is that I didn’t know. I thought it was a dream, so I’ve not been able to see them personally – only in my dreams.”
“T-tony…” he stuttered in return. The back of his neck was bleeding and tainting his hair, though there was a spark too, and a little smoke. Sheer luck was on Tony’s side, he’d really managed to do something to that chip.  Whatever that something was, it had freed him.
“You don’t know him.” Tony barked.
Steve eyed the dashboard and shook his head; Tony tried to resist a chuckle but instead let out a snort, shrugging his shoulders at Steve while they zipped along each street, taking VERY sharp corners that almost lifted the car off the tarmac with each spin and swerve. Steve had to hold on tight, while out of Tony’s jacket a couple of belts seemed to zoom out and secure him to the seat, making a content hum when he knew that he was fastened in tight.
“She’s this’a way!” Tony pointed out, grabbing Steve’s arm and tugging him the right away through the huge green park. They both ran together with Steve following Tony’s guide.
“How is it?” he asked.
“But you know them better than anyone else does?”
“Out, just for a while.”
The wondering thought was short lived, especially when he looked at the simulator and the schematics that appeared. “Perfect. Try that out on him, see how he responds. It’s better to keep him under.”
He had to get over it, he had to push himself up properly and find Steve under all of this rubble, but that was much easier said than done. Instinctively he kept trying to reach out using his left hand to accompany the right, but of course it was impossible now.
Tony bit the inside of his lip, standing up after Steve’s shoes were all laced up.
The engineer kept glancing at the alleys to see if there were any more potential allies hiding in there as he carried Steve, staggering a couple of times and then quickly trying to regain his balance as the man’s feet dragged on the floor. The scrape of metal against concrete made a sound that made Tony cringe, but he carried on nonetheless.
“Kitten duty…” Everyone knew what that meant, Steve especially. Back in Brooklyn they’d assign kitten duty to newbies or cops that they thought weren’t fit enough to do the job to find lost cats or go to owners who reported their cats missing, sometimes even rescue them from trees if the firemen were too busy. It was a simple job that no cop wanted, but had to be done.
Billy Kaplan was buried next to Teddy.
“We will find out,” T’challa contributed, stroking his chin with his sharp claw that was on the end of his glove.
As the reactor was plugged in, the words ‘connection successful’ appeared on the screen. Tony shut his eyes, feeling his consciousness dissolve into the wires, doing the work and slowly disabling each and every chip. It was then that he connected to the power generator, the main computer that controlled every single person, and slowly his energy source seeped through the wires and started to power the generator. Once it had taken over, the energy was pure, and every chip deactivated at once.
“G-good… So good…” Tony panted, “More… Feel me, Steve!”
The familiar feeling of his hand wrapped around the neck of the bottle was somewhat soothing; the way his hand slid along the glass as he pulled the top open without even needing a bottle opener. His entire body was so numb from the pain and loss as well as guilt, that he couldn’t feel when opening the bottle had left a large gash along his hand that was oozing blood the instant that he placed it against the cool side of the bottle. This was his saviour. He had slipped so far into darkness there was no use finding a rescue rope, it was time to just accept his fate and slip down to join the other shadows in the abyss of despair.
“Tony…! We don’t have time, if this carries on he’ll reach the highway and then we’re goners!”
There was a reluctant turn of his head as Reed began meandering his way around the large solid squares of machinery to his way out to get more food.
“Steve, I’ve missed you… Steve-!” He was cut off by the sharp pain in his neck, making him wince and instinctively wriggle his hips on the other man’s lap. The dark haired man couldn’t help but groan at the sucking he felt on his neck, feeling the heat rise. Steve was relentless, biting and sucking on the same spot until he was sure it was bright red.  “What are you doing..?”
Another repulsors headed his way and skimmed his shoulder. The burning singe made Tony make a small yelp of pain but gave him the drive to run forward and grapple onto Steve, shaking his shoulders. “You need to snap out of this!”
“You have no idea what you’re god damn saying, you’ve gone nuts!” Tony barked in denial. “Besides…” His tone lowered to a more sombre choice. “I’m not going to let that happen, I’ll fix you, remember I promised?”
The person that he shoved turned around, pivoting on a foot in a demon like fashion with eyes widened, holding up a wrench was surely augmented, and a small pipe just above the forearm rose.
“It’s me... Tony... Please, just... Don’t do this to yourself.”
“Make me. Actually no, I quite like it in here; it brings back memories of all sorts.” Tony bantered, the other suit didn’t seem happy and that became particularly noticeable when its shoulders rose, having taken human mannerisms into account. Heavy stomps echoing on the floor, rumbling the ground, but Tony stood his position, absorbing as much energy as he could into his chest as the centre brightened.
The last thing Tony could see was the petrifying, intrusive glare before his memories went blank.
Tony closed the door, staying outside for a couple of moments. It felt good to see Steve, and he seemed to be well integrated so far, but he didn’t want to speak too soon. With a heavy sigh he retired to the lab and did as he said he would.
“Shellshock, I suppose he’d call it.” Fury mused.
Then there was Peter that was slinging around trying to use a modified web shot as tinned snow substitute – spraying it around the windows to try and get a frosty finish.
Hammer’s hand slipped into the inner pocket of his expensive looking blazer as he pulled out a beeping device; a small handheld tablet which allowed him to see outside through a few newly added cameras that were perched in various places along the outside of the factory.
“I do, Steve.” He placed a hand on the Captain’s for a moment. “I promise you, I’ll take care of it.”
“Tony, I’m really not sure about this.” Reed drawled with hesitance.
Steve toppled to the side and fell to the ground in a heap.
“It all happens in the main tower. The supreme leader resides there. The chips that everyone has, the augmentations, all of it takes place there. At first they thought tracking was enough, now they aim to control. And they will kill anyone who stands in their way.”
Steve threw his shield, watching it ricochet off one of the walls and then smack into the chains, the intense vibration from the Vibranium emulating holo-shield managing to shatter binds before returning to Steve’s hand. Tony took the opportunity to dash to the computers, using his abilities combined and trying to rectify the systems while Steve continued to batter the armour. It was hard for Tony to watch, and Steve knew that, as abusive as the armour was it was still one of Tony’s creations.
Distinguishing between dreams and reality was always a struggle for superheroes of their calibre. Going from dimension to dimension in some cases often distorted the perception of reality and what was in their universe and what was in another. It was only the drops of rain that lodged Tony back into the realworld.
“We’ve been in the sewers and they know it. We step a foot out here on the surface and they know about it too. But they’re happy keepin’ us in the sewers… Like rats. You see, we got the latest chip in us. We can’t take it out of ourselves either without pressin’ on one of those red wires that you can go past. Sure we can help each other but none of us knew tech, and they captured MODOK and got Zola killed by those mobs.”
“You heard me. While you’re here you’re mine. In every. Single. Way.”
Steve pushed his back up against Tony, narrowing his eyes, squinting to try and see where his prey had hidden then suddenly—
“I’ll never forget that Steve, never.”
The woman who had Jessica in her hands flung the dark haired woman toward Carol, causing them to collapse in a heap but the man wasn’t done. In fact, the woman wasn’t done either. Whilst Tony was firing shot after shot at the two, alternating from hand to hand, having to endure the prolonged power up time which he made a mental note of investigating later. Tony glanced over his shoulder to check on the boy who was standing with his legs shoulder length apart, trying to make a webbed barrier that was being ripped through by the fingertips of these berserkers.
“This…?” Tony gestures to the chaos that is the main room, not even bothering to think of the insanity that must’ve been ensuing within the kitchen. He dare not set foot in it, considering how much hair product he’d used that morning – he was by far, a fire hazard.
After taking a deep breath to calm himself down Tony looked around, “I can’t see anything.” He internally chastised himself for the peripheral vision his helmet had given him, considering all of the dents it had in it.
There Tony was, next to Steve, just as they had always been; fighting side by side.
“Before you snap at us, all we’ve said is that Cap is ill and needs to be taken care of, it’s a virus and we’re looking into it and until then Janet is in charge and is running things extremely smoothly.”
As soon as he felt the movement, Tony shed his armour plate, reaching for the fastens and tugging them off, revealing his golden undersuit. He practically threw it off to clutch himself to Steve’s chest, his jaw still tightly clenched as his palm pressed against the cold plate, watching the cogs move like the insides of a clock. He could feel Steve, but the question was could the man feel him? Well the augmentations, regardless of who they were made by, were sophisticated and he could feel pain in his legs and arm when they were hit.
As quickly as he could Peter held his hand out and began to attempt to reach for a building with his webshot, trying to squirm his way out of Carol’s grip and take Tony with him, or at least slow down the momentum of which she was heading straight for the concrete below.
The man in the armour tried to make his way to his feet which at this point seemed much easier said than done. He groaned in agony, using the palm of his hand to get to his knees first and trying to ease himself up from there, which certainly wasn’t easy with the clunky armour he was in. One of the downsides about his previous work was that it wasn’t exactly compact and easy to move around in, with much less joints and more thick parts. Easier to repair? Yes. Great mobility? No. Once he was up on his knees things were easier, trying to use some of the rubble from the crater that they’d created to get a little leverage, tugging on a concrete slab that was jutting out of the ground.
“Yeah, he had the usual. I brought food down for him but he ate two plate-fulls. At least he’s eating, right?”
Tony had to raise his eyelids, and did so with a huge amount of effort. The weight on them was unimaginable, the burn behind them was even worse. It was like waking up before that first cup of coffee.
“Oh here we go again.” Tony rolled his eyes. “I haven’t changed!”
A powerful smack to the jaw sent Steve to the ground by the machine right away. His hand went for his jaw immediately to cup it as he stared up at the armoured man that was stood before him, standing in all of his glory, tall an mighty; Iron Man. Steve’s widened azures focused on the armoured hero as he placed his palm on the dusty floor beneath him, just about ready to push himself up again.
Steve skidded to a halt in front of the young woman, with Tony flying past and clearly struggling to stop, so instead he performed a giant U turn but that wasn’t before the wind below generated by the jet of the boots managed to blow away a young couples well organised picnic, yelling “Sorry!” on his way back to Steve and the young lady.
“Sleep it off Cap; you’ll feel better when you do.” He gave him a pat on the shoulder.
“New place. It’s harder to sleep.” He said.
“If you don’t move, you’ll get hurt, sweetheart.”
Tony’s body was entirely numb, and he felt Steve rising closer, again only inches away from his lips.
“Oh quit complaining, we get to take down a giant robot!” Jessica added with the thrill of excitement twinging her tone.
Bang on target, it hit his shoulder and sent him staggering back, but with practically no reaction, no scream of pain as the burning singe in his shoulder smoked. He grabbed Carol again. Carol shot power shots toward the beast of a man but as much as he was getting burned and obviously hurt, he just carried on as he was. His mouth opened with tendrils of spit joining his chapped lips, letting out a roar which immediately broke the strands.
“If I don’t meet you there in let’s say an hour, then send out a search party. I’ll just do a quick check, Steve.”
“Curfew is in place, please return home and recharge.”
“No, I think the system’s not working as it should. It’s okay, you’re fine.” Tony gave the monitors one last suspicious glance before making his way toward the scanner and letting Steve out. Steve didn’t waste a moment before draping one arm around Tony’s shoulders. It just took that one touch to take Tony’s mind away from the machine and he slid his own arm comfortably around Steve’s waist as they found themselves walking down the hallway. “You’ve never looked better. I’m sure I don’t need a couple of tests to reassure me of that.”
“Shhh…” The little boy said, scooting over to Steve and placing his index finger over Steve’s lips, cutting him off. “Papa doesn’t like it when we talk loudly.” He was surprisingly coherent for someone who looked around five or six years of age.
He could still, a long while after, feel the heavy weight resting on his shoulders. He could’ve sworn that there was an increasing amount of knots forming along the back of his neck at that time. Prickles and chills coursed along his skin as he forced himself to stare into the window.
He didn’t even need to finish his sentence. That’s how close they were. That’s how close they always were.
Jessica had managed to get to her feet, hunched and in agony, but soldiering on as she launched her strongest series of kicks toward the two figures that loomed over them. Tony knew he couldn’t leave Peter by himself when there was practically an army of these things on the other side of thin netting.  “Jessica-“
Steve rushed to the computer she was sitting in front of, looking around. “I’ve got an idea here where the security cameras are, there are dozens of them.” Steve sighed.
“You know it’s genuinely good to have you back.”
The shield was being beckoned back at a quick rate, spinning toward them and knocking Tony hard in the back, denting his armour; as if his back wasn’t suffering enough that day. He yelped in pain and quickly punched at the panel in desperation as he felt his leg booster finally short out in that leg and then slid down, still trying to grip onto the skin that he’d torn but not wanting to make the wound any worse than it was. After all, it was still Steve that he was dealing with.
Without hesitation, and more in desperation Tony shut his eyes and kissed Steve’s cheek, then the corner of his lips, nearing the centre, but instead of planting a kiss once he neared the middle, he drew inches back and whispered. “Can you feel me now?” He whispered, his lower lip still trembling.
The suit didn’t stay dismantled for long, the chest-piece began to glow, magnetising the pieces together until it stood, fumbling around non-eloquently and grabbed one of the nearest helper-bots, hearing it screech frantically before the yellow glowing decals on the suit began to pulse and the bot fell still for a moment, as though it were corrupting it. It pulled back, rolling over to the workbench to grab the helmet that lay idle, the old helmet, and the one with the dark slanted eyes, intense frown and a ladder pattern along the scalp. Tony’s eyes couldn’t have gotten any wider if they tried. He tried to attempt to talk to the armour, shouting commands at it.
to you?” His voice cracked with dismay.
“Then do what you will with me, Captain, ravish me, my superior officer.”
. In that position he resembled a turtle placed on its back, struggling to get itself up again, grunting and flailing to no avail. JARVIS had managed to shut down all power to the chair, and had absorbed it – flashing a full battery logo in his optical display.  But JARVIS wasn’t quite done yet, he’d taken the green switch he and Steve had spotted earlier, a compartment in his back opening up and revealing the switch which he’d earlier swiped for securities sake.
“Whoa, that was fast…” Steve turned his head toward the car, watching the bots hard at work. One of them had a spray can, going back and forth with a hot rod red, another attached a huge spoiler to it – it hardly looked like the same car at all by this point. It didn’t even look police regulation; Steve was actually unsure whether ‘car 616’ would ever be able to sit in the police car park again without standing out like a sore thumb. “Uh, Tony, I’m not sure we can ride that…”
“Unf!”
He was no longer a jealous, power-mad, heartless soul – he was Tony Stark, and
“What if I continue to believe you? Hang off every word you say?” He asked, knowing for well it was easier said than done.
Is this what death felt like?
“It can’t be him. Tony died in that explosion,” Jessica whispered to Carol after she tried to shield her words by using her hand.
Steve was in shock. Of course he was in shock, Tony was kissing him. But it only made his heart race as he moved forward; locking his lips with Tony the instant that he pulled away. The short gap of time made him realise how cold his lips were without that warm touch against them.
It had taken much longer than he intended. By the time he was out of the bathroom, fully dressed and groomed he managed to steal a peak of the fallen clock.
Why was his heart beating that fast when he saw Tony so pleased with his creation, he asked himself. But internally, he knew the answer; he just wished that it wasn’t the one that he’d thought it’d be. He felt so happy to see Tony smile, he felt at ease around him.
“So, first of all, you’re probably wondering what brought us together.” Hammer started off, as if he were in some sort of business presentation ready to introduce his product.
The fierce expression dropped right off his face.
“Gave me quite a scare you know.”
“Fury was trying to protect him… From what…” He pondered. Each paper showed progress, development and recovery from a severe case of post-traumatic stress. That’s why the era on the screen was further progressed than the 1940’s setting that Tony had expected. “He was trying to ease you into the world… Says here that you weren’t ready, that your mental stresses were so severe that he feared you snapping when you woke up. Bullshit. You’re Captain America… You’re not just some dummy, you’re a guy that fought the Nazi’s, you’re the same guy that withstood blow after blow, the sentinel of liberty.” Fury could’ve sped up the progress, even Tony knew that, but he chose not to, perhaps because he wanted Steve to be their secret weapon, their last resort. “Captain Rogers…” Tony managed to pull his eyes away from the screen and to the man on the bench, pulling up a chair and reaching for the dog tags around the porcelain dolls neck, reading them. “It’s really you… It’s you…” He could feel his heart thudding, a sense of butterflies making his stomach turn. He needed to pull him out of this dream, this lie. With a small pivot he yanked out the wires that connected Steve to the system. He heard the door swing open and a couple of lab assistants fumbled through the swinging metal.
The kiss became more passionate, and the flickers of heat between them became gradually more intense, the rubs between their body and friction alone were making beads of sweat form along their skin. Steve removed Tony’s briefs with an increasing hankering to see him in all of his refinement. He was hard, as the soldier had felt, erect, proud and not bashful at all. Tony lay there with his head tilted and a besotted smirk plastering his face, eyes filled with lust, grabbing at Steve’s hands and guiding them along his shaft. At first he gasped, but he soon relaxed, understanding Tony’s desires.
The only problem was that he hated that Norman had thought of it before him.
“I—Told --- You – This—Was – A – bad – Idea!”
With a smooth movement, he set off, zooming ahead with subtle tilts to cut the wind resistance as Cap held onto him tightly. Steve’s head-wings were slicked back due to how fast they were going. Tony cut through the air with ease, finally reaching the tower with Janet following behind them.  She’d struggled to keep up by the reactor powered jet boots and thus resorted to clutching onto Tony’s toe when she managed to reach him.
“I’m not talking nonsense I’m telling you the truth.” He said, getting up and placing his hands on Tony’s shoulders to hold him still, staring into his eyes again. His palms rested on Tony’s bare shoulders, feeling how warm his skin was.
“—No, you don’t think?” Tony reached just behind him and held up two of the broken pieces he was working on.
It was like he’d never left.
“You may be a hero because of your unwavering drive and potential, but your faith in humanity is lacking.”
“And you?”
His body fell numb.  He let the air carry him, accepting his fate. He held his arms outward and rest his head back, the winds cutting through his soft hair.
He made his way out, with Tony waving at some of the other cops on the way, only to get either half waves or no response at all. It was sad, to be honest, especially from Steve’s perspective. Whoever this detective was, he had a heck of a reputation. Only Carol, Jessica, and the guy who’d chucked them the keys actually made an effort to acknowledge him.
Steve tapped his radio. “Carol, we’re trapped in lab upstairs, Janet and Natasha are outside – make sure they’re safe. I’m sure Clint’s got their back.”
“So they’re tracking them anyway. Oh well, who cares, we’re free now., Taskmaster shrugged.
He tried not to linger.
“I know what it means. Let’s get him a transfusion then.”
“Sleeping beauty?” He said in a low voice. “Wake up. Your prince charming is here.”
That wasn’t the only thing; that was just a gateway to the memories that began to flood his mind.
There was a look of worry that painted Tony’s face that moment as he bit his lower lip. The treacherous thought compelled him to drum his foot on the metal floor; his expensive shoes with hardened soles made a clip-clop whenever he did.
It wasn’t long until their eyes met; he met the deep azure that made him freeze in place. The bottom half of him was the unmistakable Iron Patriot that was stolen from him so long ago by Norman Osborn, and the top half was well…
He may have been this attached to it because he was deemed as evil so many times by his fellow agents, that his actions were dark and violent. Being called a merchant of death over and over and then after being kidnapped he had turned a new leaf, but even then there were actions that others disagreed with. He pushed forward a legislation that caused a massive conflict and thus caused the death of friends, he had consented to things with his group, the Illuminati, that he may not have condemned if he had to stay on the moral high ground and think with his brain and not his heart. Maybe if he could fix this it could be symbolic that he could be fixed, that all of his wrongdoings could be repaired. But then again, perhaps he was looking too into this all and being over analytical. But he still had hope.
Tony rolls his eyes and carries the heavy bags, that Steve made look as light as paperweights, toward the tree, placing them just by the stump and tried to avoid the Vision who was busy trying to decorate that giant thing.
“Enough of this Hammer, let’s go.”
He stood to his feet with much agony, his damaged stub of a leg making him stumble. Even Norman looked shocked as the armoured hero managed to actually stand.
“Steve! Your watch!”
“I wasn’t expecting brain surgery NOT to hurt,” Peter said, shutting his eyes. He could feel the metallic tips sifting through his hair, but he had to keep reassuring himself that this was Tony Stark. Brain surgery should be a cinch for him, but what worried him was that Tony was an engineer, not a surgeon. But the constant reminder of how many doctorates he had could’ve meant that he had at least one medical PHD stuck in there.
Tony sighed with frustration, “Right. Politics.”
me,” Steve kept repeating to himself aloud, hardly heard above the engine, but still, repeating it only helped push his sense of urgency and made him drive faster. The radio blasted too, but HELEN turned the channels from music to the news. That’s when Steve heard…
“That’s right. And right now, your Captain is worried about you.”
“We just have tests to run, Captain. You know that Tony does not want this to last any longer than it should do, and is keen on getting us to assess the issues as soon as possible. It seems that you have been infected when you were captured. Quarantine shall be short, and as you know, it is to ensure that none of the others are at risk of getting this infection. You do understand, do you not Captain?”
“Director?”
“Nice to be this close again, am I right, partner?” he mocked.
“Don’t speak too soon, kiddo,” he said, noticing that the noise above had subsided; there weren’t any more tremors in the pipes, no rattling, just the sound of dripping water. He heaved himself to his feet, taking slow steps to the ladder. “I’ll go first and you can follow.”
He turned his head and spotted two shadows standing by the highest point of the factory, on a balcony that was obviously made to be overlooking the production line. One was clearly the Purple Man, dressed in his usual sharp looking suit with his hands resting behind his back, but Steve couldn’t tell who the other person was; an even leaner frame than the Purple Man, hair gelled back, glasses – then he remembered what Tony had said about someone named ‘Hammer’ before, knowing that it was probably him.
He tried to step closer, but every time he did, Steve took a step back, looking behind his shoulder at the mass of people going about their normal routine, and some stopping to stare at the commotion in the alley.
Steve stood by the water dispenser, taking a sip from a Styrofoam cup. Being told to wait in the staff room while everyone went about their day wasn’t exactly how he thought he’d spend his first morning; he’d been thinking of being out in a car in a high speed chase or wrangling up some robbers from a local bank. New York was full of crime that needed to be stopped and in his mind every second that he was spending idly sipping water next to a cooler was a second wasted.  It was hard to stay peppy while his thoughts went to what he could potentially be doing. He drifted further and further into his thoughts before Jessica poked her head into the room again, just in the way she’d done before.
A beam shot out from the crystal in the center of his head, freezing Reed’s limbs until they were rock hard. Reed yelled with pain again, shaking his body but it was hard to move an inch. His teeth chattered.
“Now what’taya supposed to be?”
Tony’s eyes focused on his friend, feeling his heart sink when he nodded in consent. “We’ll inject him this afternoon.” He met both of their eyes, one after the other. “You both make certain the sedative is completely ready and inserted into one of the bots I’m going to send in. I’ve had to make them more…
The blond grimaced, his hair falling over his face, feeling a crack in what must’ve been his lower rib. So his suspicions were correct, Tony’s own serum which he had vaguely and briefly mentioned were an improvement on his own. Steve was the test subject and Tony was the improved version, but if they thought that would stop Steve or put doubt in his mind, they were sorely mistaken. “Nothing beats the original…” He coughed, spluttering speckles of blood on the floor.
“Because we’ll work on it together.”
They laughed and walked by unfazed, leaving the two to get out themselves, while Steve took a couple of steps back and began trying to ram his shoulder into the bars, cracking and bending his once broad shoulder but carrying on, throwing himself mindlessly against the gates until the bars did bend. Tony then scrambled to the mauled poll and began to pull at it until it bent even more.  Tony crawled out first; always finding it easier to crawl out of smaller spaces, Steve on the other hand had a little more problem with his broad stature but managed to tug his way past. Now that they were out in the open the injuries Steve had were far more visible; tears on his skin and casual gear, blasts from retaliation strikes from his kills. Tony didn’t nearly look as bad but Steve was starting to show much more wear and tear.
Attaching it to any bolt he could find then trying to do the same to Tony’s chest plate was much harder; a simpler design meant he could barely find a wire amongst the solid steel blocks. Eventually he did, and he took a deep breath as he began to feel Tony’s reactor reach through the wire for power, as though he were sucking out energy through a straw.
Cap narrowed his eyes, doing the same to the yellow and red wires that were on his side too – since there seemed to be double sets of wires which possibly meant two explosions rather than the earlier anticipated one.
Captain America wasn’t having any of it. He reached for Tony’s shoulder and with that stiff authoritative “Tony.” Accompanying his actions, he tried to tug him back a little, the helmet in his arm clattering to the floor. The suit lit up, as Steve touched him the gauntlet from the other side raised and he spun around, grabbing Steve’s hand and practically throwing him against the wall. Tony’s eyes looked as though he wasn’t expecting his own movement, in fact, he looked horrified.
He’d thought he lost all hope when he was searching for a true meaning, a true purpose at the bottom of a bottle. Now there Steve was, not only saving him from his fate, from drowning his sorrows and sins, he was trying to give him this hope. As his hand continued to glide along the ‘wings’ he felt them solidify into proper feathers, feeling the soft touch of each one tickle his skin. Suddenly his heart felt a lot lighter. The Captain America of his dreams, his hero, was stood before him with his wings fanned out, just as he’d imagined. Finally, after all these years, someone was finally here to save him from himself, from the harsh world that had hurt him so.
“Not a clone. Not a Skrull. Not any sort of alien race that’s been discovered since my ‘death.” Just me.” Tony arched his back, trying to brush a spinal mechanism segment against the wall for the liquid nitrogen release he had stored for another attack. It wasn’t flashy, and it was something he’d applied to his classic suits too – but never particularly used.
The dog barked happily, its tail wagging when Tony’s arm was being fixed, it’s flashing LED eyes blinking.
Janet glared straight back at Hank. “I’m ready to take him on again. If he shows up he shows up, we’ll deal with it as a team.”
Tony rolled his hips, arched his lower back and shut his eyes again, moaning close to Steve’s skin, moving to press his lips to the super soldiers neck and try and muffle his sounds with the others warm skin.
“Ah, military boy. I was right. Air Force myself, like you I’m taking a small detour before I get back into the game. But I’m restless at home, even though my cat enjoys keeping me preoccupied I just couldn’t sit around and do nothing.”
“Tony isn’t the type – and besides, Taskmaster and Tony didn’t hate each other to that extent, not to beat him down like that. It took me holding him back for him to stop. There’s something wrong, Captain. I want to find out exactly what, but the guy just isn’t letting me.  He won’t even let me into his lab. He’s being distant with me, and Pepper.”
something I want to consider.”
“Steve—“
“Who are ‘they’?”
The word ‘
“You’re so careless.”
He ran between gaps in the machines, keeping his back pressed to the solid iron plates behind him, peering just around the corner when he had managed to catch a flash of bright red and gold coming right at him.
“It was a dream...” He said partially in frustration cursing himself for believing such nonsense could be real. But he didn’t have the taste of alcohol in his mouth, and that dream felt so vividly real. Still, it was the best rest he had had since the incident. As he scrambled around the floor, trying to get up and off his knees, he suddenly saw a long white feather on the floor, reaching for it and caressing the feather, smiling ever so slightly. It could’ve been a pure coincidence that a feather had flown in, but he didn’t know what sort of bird this could’ve come from, especially since it was so large and shimmered whenever he tilted it. With a smile over his face, he got to his feet and looked into the cupboard he had broken open to see a piece of paper, his eyes narrowing as he reached into it and unfolded it.
“You will find your way; just keep your head up. Don’t let your halo slip...”
“Yeah, go figure.” Tony said. It didn’t surprise him that Steve was awake and wondering the hallways, probably patrolling as always. The guy never took a break.
And it wasn’t long, not until they had finally reached the top of the huge tower that Tony had first taken Steve to, taking him right to the top where he placed them down on the balcony; a tiny ledge he’d built just for this purpose – to share the view with someone that he loved.
Walking further, he spotted the bloodstain that was just on the edge of the alley that he passed by. That was it; that was the benchmark he was looking for, although it was one that made his heart hurt, being reminded of the peril that Jessica had gone through before they had to bury her. But from there he could trace his footsteps toward the shadowed part of the city again, it was reassuring to know at least he was close. He had to stop just for a moment and catch his breath, placing Steve down against the wall, ensuring that he was nowhere near the dried puddle of blood.  The man was placed down, slumping with his head hung, still muttering words over and over on loop.
And then he kissed him…
“Ah, Tony!” A voice yelled from the other side of the room. Steve’s eyes followed it curiously only to see long arms stretching up and waving from across the room, now Steve had thought he’d seen everything with Tony – it looked as though this guy’s limbs were actually stretching, but Steve pegged it down to tech similar to Tony’s. Eventually he revealed himself from behind a huge chalkboard, walking up to Tony with his arm returning to its regular length, but unlike Tony Steve couldn’t spot any coils or hear a retraction mechanism.
Tony sidestepped to give Steve a nod that they both knew too well and tilted his shoulders back, the bright light in the centre of his chest powering up. He pivoted on his heel as Steve drew out his shield, the powerful unibeam hitting the surface and parrying off in the direction of the goblin, shooting the glider down and sending it crashing into the floor. With the room flooding with smoke, Steve and Tony stood together, his knees unlocking after having to stand and brace himself for the sheer power of the unibeam. They had to wait for the smoke to clear as Steve’s eyes widened, activating a different type of vision he didn’t even knew he had when he squinted. It was a heat sensor.
“Your head looks like a shell; like those big bombs that used to drop or regulation bullet shells, a shell! You know?” He had to keep Tony talking to make sure his head didn’t take that big of a blow.
Steve held up his hand in preparation, “Don’t say it…”
“You know you don’t need those, you’ve got the real deal with you now. And I’m not exactly like I am in the comics.”
“Steve…”
“Sir, Mr Stark will be unable to make the meeting today with you, is it possible to reschedule.”
“Buddy,” Tony greeted the big blond Asgardian. Reaching out, he clapped his hand on his friend’s shoulder and pat with a gleeful smirk plastered over his face.
“No… Couldn’t sleep either.” Steve said, his eyes drifting from Tony’s pained expression to his wings again. “So… You uh… You’re one of us?”
“Another toughie, well, it’s to look after. Like Howard does to you, right?” He said, though after Steve spoke he was somewhat sceptical, looking at the scratches on the bot as he leaned forward and touched the plate, only to see it flinch back in defence.
Tony’s eyes started to lose their glimmer.
“That better not stain…” Tony murmurs to himself.
“Go on, Stark…” Hammer took a few paces, standing alarmingly close to Tony, whispering so that his cigarette singed breath touched Tony’s skin. Steve could smell the cigarette smoke on his breath from the floor and it made him cringe. “Break him… And feel that you’re breaking him, your friend… I want you to remember every second of this.”
Steve lurched forward and pulled Tony closer, staring into his eyes in a beseeching manner, as though he were imploring him for some sort of joke as the dull drone in his chest became progressively louder and much more painful.
The hooded figure in the corner crushed the crystal wine glass that was once filled with luxuriously thick red wine in his hand as an annoyed white feline in his lap awoke from its slumber. It padded around in its owner’s lap for a while before glaring over at the floating head.
“Tony? What’s the matter?” Steve worried.
Eye augmentations were attached optical nerve, sending an image through neural pathways the same way as eyes do to the brain, but what if there was some sort of interception? Tony’s new theory was that the eye that Carol was using was not only projecting images to herself, but to a third party, essentially she was being used as security camera. That begs the question why she wasn’t hunted down earlier but Tony quickly dismissed that question the moment that he’d formed another answer with his rapid mind set; she was being used as a spy.
The three of them stood at the open door, waiting for the signal to move. Gusts of wind pushed back Janet initially, but she sped up the pace of her wings to resist.
“What? This isn’t the
“No, no no no!” Tony yelled, clutching his jaw sporadically moving from his neck to his lip with his other hand before letting out a yell of frustration, spotting Steve trying to get through and break the handle of the door just behind him. He held up his hand and fired a repulsor, shattering the door in front of him and tumbling out. He was bleeding badly, his jugular had been punctured and he knew that he couldn’t last long. He had ended up on his knees, trying to craw and cry for help, his bots coming to his aid with first aid kits, even Extremis trying to work by covering him with an undersuit to try and heal him in a cocoon. His blood began to change in colour as black colouring danced along the exposed wound, slowly changing it, even changing the texture of the coagulated blood into a thick mess.
“I’m catching on.”
“You two ready to cover us?” Tony asked, tapping his reactor and then listening to the light charging noise that was made through the interconnecting wire between the mechanical arm and his reactor.
“We get that you’re hungry, but we need to take these guys down, come on!” Anya pushed Clint closer to the junction, then stood in front of him, tugging on his shirt to lead him away from the two walking dead in the hallway, unbeknownst to her.
Did I really just kiss Steve Rogers?
“Please Steve…” Tony pleaded. “Please, and I promise I’ll bring some extra food this time. Yesterday you went through what we brought you in two seconds flat, I’ll bring burgers, doughnuts, the works. Come on Cap, I know your sweet tooth… How about that apple pie huh?”
Steve laughed and shook his head, smiling warmly at Tony.
“What’re we gonna call this thing?” he asked
“I, well, technically my bots had the life knocked out of them, but they’re coming to now, thankfully.” Tony inhaled a breath, his body still tingling from that tight embrace. “Reed’s been kidnapped.”
.  She couldn’t believe her eyes. She hadn’t encountered the Red Guardian in years, and the last she had heard he was actually on the side of good, or rather – deemed himself an antihero.
He pushed and pushed.
Tony launched himself forward and pressed his lips against Steve’s, his eyes tightly shut. This seemed like the end of the world to him, so now he could carry on without regret.
“Deactivate!” He gestured, watching the suit fall. At least he’d managed to regain control of it, but his hands instantly went to his neck, feeling the sharp pain as he too fell back in the corner of his lab, trembling. He needed to work harder; he needed to get this bot back to its normal state. He couldn’t just give up on it, especially since his other suits were destroyed, but he felt a strange link to it ever since the day he had first put it on after recovering it – after masses of procrastination he managed to use the suit for the first time, and felt it access his memories, his pains, his happiness, and now he felt closer to it than ever. And just when he was getting more comfortable with using it, it does this.
The arrow exploded and that was Natasha’s cue to leap out, shooting at the bots that were closer to the left-hand side where the others were. She shot with extreme precision and skill, aiming straight for the back of the neck of the bots. She was smart and poised enough to go for exact shots, not wasting her already limited ammo, taking them down with a single shot, and making it look effortless.
There were enough possessions to fill a small box no bigger than a dinner plate, and that was it. A few pictures that were torn and tattered, clothes that Steve had been wearing, a couple of coins and a journal that was water stained and damaged so much that the pages were nothing but a flimsy mess. Tony felt pity for him, to lose everything like that, to be left with so little. He’d felt it before, when his company had been taken over by Obadiah, when he had lost it all and hit rock bottom, he had been left with little to nothing. And now to see someone that he had a strong hero worship for (but attempted to dull it down to respect) looking so broken brought an unfathomable dull strike to his chest. He was never one to leave someone else in a state either. “Captain Rogers.”
Peter was his priority, he was young, he was strong and he had the most to lose from all of this. The question was, was his armour up to the challenge?
“That’s right, let’s power up so much that the thing is incinerated.”
Just as Tony had said that, a large drone bot, heavy and clunky as was all of Hammer’s tech, leaped out from behind a machine and smacked Tony’s faceplate away, the golden plate was forced off its hinges and sent across the room, clattering into a pile of old brooms.
Meanwhile, he curled up by Steve’s side, trying to recuperate from the overexertion. He lifted Steve’s hand delicately and tucked himself under it, seeking his warmth given he was only in a work vest. His hands went for a nearby puddle, using the rainwater to clean the blood off his hands. He would never get that blood off, not in his head – he kept seeing it, he could feel the warm splatter over his fingertips while he was wiring Steve’s severed nerve endings to the wires of the augmentations.
There was a loud sound and Tony hoped for the best, knowing for well the second that the switch fell from the embedded palm, it would activate. So the only choice was to blow off the Green Goblins entire hand and swoop down to catch it.
“This is your place. I’ll make sure it’s furnished soon… If you want anything I’ll be in my room next door or in my lab downstairs. Most likely in my lab, I have some repairs and work to do and I’ll probably report back to SHIELD about all of this, make sure that they haven’t hidden anything else.” He mumbled that last part, leaving his tablet on the small wooden desk for Steve. “You can use that too, if you’re bored. I know there’s not much to do but I can at least give you that until we get something you like.”
He leaned forward and pushed his lips against Steve’s as forcefully as he could, shutting his eyes with the raw passion that he was trying to show, though he made sure that Steve was the one with his back to the crowd. They’d kept their infatuation under wraps for so long, he couldn’t have it becoming public news now. He pulled Steve closer into the darkness of the alley and continued with the smooch, only to be shoved back and then punched across the face again by the heavy gauntlet.
He felt the gentle rise and fall he was resting on, upon the unscathed skin. He didn’t want to move, not a single inch.
“I’ll never get used to that title. Fury literally just gave it to me because… Well, because of you. And yes, I’m fine—Where are we headed?”
“You kiddin? We’re goin’ to leave the country at least, but first I wanna pay Baintronics a visit. Show that brainwashed biotch a thing or two about puttin’ a chip in me,” he said, smacking his fist against the palm of his hand. “Then I guess I’ll de-chip the others, for a price.”
“What are you doing?” He asked in a groggy tone.
It was now done; the gleaming armour, with silver scratches from the welding and golden faceplate was now his. It was full powered by his heart and it looked god damn beautiful as it caught the light. It was possibly his most streamlined armour to date—but that was probably because it had virtually nothing in it. Few weapons from when it was damaged, no shielding capabilities asides from its rough exterior – only a couple of lights, the rather non fancy LED’s.
“So how about you tell these ladies and gents? Kindly, sir?”
“Not really, you want to capture moments and there isn’t always someone to take a photo of you. We can’t all have personal photographers, poster boy. Even though I probably could if I wanted to pay for one – You’re making me over think this, let’s just take the selfie.”
Steve couldn’t see the downside unless he was being thrown into a trap, but right now he had no choice but to listen, knowing for well if he ran off he wouldn’t exactly know where to go.
“Your first scan said there’s nothing wrong with me, so why now?” Steve stood up to shake out the pins and needles in his legs while striding toward the pane of glass to stare Tony in the eyes.
“Sorry.” Steve whispered as he shrugged a little, his wings fanning out, “You see, I’m lost and…”
“Mr. Bond!” Tony finished off quickly.
“Look at this… Judging by the blood sample there is a depleting amount of haemoglobin and an increase of de-oxidised blood which means—“
“It’s more than just a watch, Steve. That’s a communication radio-watch, you hold it up to your mouth, talk, and it’ll come straight to me.” Tony gestured to his hat. “And well, I shaped it like a star because I know you like stars. Almost every shirt I’ve seen you in when I’ve met you after you’ve changed, heading home, you’ve had a star on. So there you go.”  He flushed with embarrassment himself, his foot nervously kicking a tiny little pebble that was by the steps.
“You.”
“If we’re going to die, we’ll do it together…” Jessica whispered.
He had hoped that the large clunking sounds from the machinery at work inside would drown him out, but hopes were all he had at that point. He was sure Tony was nearby, he could sense it.
“Steve…”
. But he couldn’t judge on first encounters, even though that’s what he used to do back in the day. He didn’t have time for meet and greets. There were soldiers that he would see for a day sometimes at base before having to go on missions with them. Not all of his duties revolved around the Commandos.
Not exactly the sentence that Tony wanted to be greeted with after spending all of his time doing work, and finally being able to catch up on some shut eye (all be it to the aid of a couple of pills that he was given), nonetheless, he had managed to rest for a short while but that didn’t allow his guilty conscience to rest once.
Natasha rolled her eyes, knowing that it there was much more between them as the rest of the team did, finding it amusing that they had taken this long to work it out between them while Janet leaned closer with interest, trying to hear more about the two.
Tony shrugged at him. “Since I’ve woken up I haven’t been able to get in contact with JARVIS. So that’s completely down, my suit was half broken though. When I was working on you I tried yours too – down too. You know what I haven’t tried though…” He shifted a little, digging his hand into his pocket and pulling out his Stark-cell, which had a cracked screen. At the sight of it, he frowned, knowing for well it would be costly to replace a prototype cell-phone.
watch it? So yeah… I kept these all throughout high school and college, kept them all of my life. Consider them a lucky charm of some sort.”
“Tony, just… Just look at me please, I’m serious here.” He said, placing his hand under Tony’s chin to turn it. They were used to this sort of contact and were beyond chummy when it came to their gestures of ‘friendship’, constantly hugging, patting each other on the back, even holding onto each other and carrying one another.
Steve let out a quiet chuckle that resonated with more confusion than anything else, trying to get himself together, looking around at the passers-by, and going about their day as though nothing happened.
He flipped the small chip in his hand, shutting his dark blue eyes and throwing it to one side as he walked to the cabinet that he had locked up, yanking the padlock off and opening the cupboard to pull out a bottle of classic Jack Daniels.
Steve spoke in that deadpan voice again. “Threat, superhuman…!”
Tony craned his entire body closer, leaning and watching the left hand, still attached to some of the wiring, move. His vision darted up to Steve’s face, seeing his eyes scrunch up, brow attempting to pinch, a weak movement from the corner of his perfectly shaped lips.
Robotically, Steve turned his head, staring down. Blonde curtains making the cyan gleam much brighter as his eyes were shadowed.
Was this the final flight of Tony Stark?
“I love you too.” Steve panted, moving his hips to please Tony, feeling him around him which made him purr in content.
“When you put it like that, it’s creepy.” The boy lay on his back, shutting his eyes for a moment. It felt great to be on a bed after so long, a comfortable mattress, a moderately soft pillow behind his head.
“Deal.” Steve replied stepping in and looking at the large pane of glass that was before him where the others would stand for observation. The thick steel doors closed behind him, the heavy sound alone making his shoulders shrug with surprise. It was then that he had come to the realisation that he was locked in, sealed in tight. Normally he would feel his heart drumming at this point, but he felt nothing but a nauseous pool swirl in his stomach which he pinned on all the food he had eaten earlier that day.
“Confident, yes. I know what I’m capable of.” Steve replied smoothly, his pitch lowering an octave to a smooth level.
Fury rolled his eye and pushed himself up from his seat, opening the window for the man to fly through – there were jets coming from the soles of his boots, leaving cyan streaks in the air before he settled on the ground, his palms held to either side of him, downward-facing, to help him balance. But just as he did a gust of wind flew in with him and all the papers that Fury had neatly placed in front of him flew everywhere, including in Steve’s face.
“Tony…” Steve said, wrapping his arms around the boy to try and console him.
Then there was movement. He could see something under his eyes move before those surreal blue eyes stared back at him.
“Save me the jargon.” Tony was starting to sound more like Steve every day. Perhaps imitation really was the sincerest form of flattery. “You realise tranquilisers won’t last long on Steve, and I’m not too keen on trying to knock him out using magic either. There’s no reason to call Strange into this. I called him as a consultant, and he hasn’t even been able to find a cure by magic. All he told me was that it was a ‘curse’ and that he had to go. Calling him to knock Steve out isn’t really an option, and it’s
Tony had dabbled in prosthetics during Stark Industries’ work in tandem with various medical suppliers. Since leaving the arms manufacturing business he began making arms – literally. Prosthetics for amputees or war veterans, anyone who needed them would get the best that Stark Industries had to offer.  He knelt down (with a lot of pain), and scooped up a fallen bot into his arm, using his foot to hold it down while he yanked off its arm to reveal the wiring that was coated under the hood of its shoulder. It was painful to do that to someone else’s creation, even one of Hammer’s creations.
His wings spread, body entirely relaxed as he opened his eyes to savour the moment of bliss. Just as he managed to take a glance at how pure they appeared to be, he noticed a black feather. His attention now turned toward it, the engineer that strived for perfection reached nimbly toward it and plucked it for his wings to be completely white. The wings shuddered and from where he had plucked it, a liquid metal started to seep, corrupting feather after feather and covering each one with a metal plate. He stared, mesmerised by the way the liquid had engulfed him. He knew he needed to get to the light above him, so he pushed his body toward it, but his wings kept him back, the weight was too much. The shimmering metal coat began to generate strange orange bumps on its surface, copper taking over and sending dragging him back down. Tony tried as much as he could to fight it, panicking, pushing against it but the rusted, corroding wings sent him crashing to the floor.
A couple more hours passed until Steve had heard a knock on his door, turning his head to it. There was only one person that would come into his room this late at night, and low and behold when the door opened it was Tony – standing there in a long, oversized Stark Resilient t-shirt and boxers, rubbing his eyes. Without a single word, Steve scooted over in his bed. Tony shut the door behind him and slipped under the warm cotton sheets…always so pristine, despite being so old.
Tony’s softer features, a smoothed jaw which Steve’s hand trailed, etching every single feature into his memory, were also highlighted by the line of light which he noticed with satisfaction. They were both filled with pain, and it wasn’t as though Tony was the only one that needed that kiss, and desired that closeness ever since they had met. Kindness and care were qualities that the soldier would always admire. And there he was trying to hide his pains because he didn’t want to be a burden, just as Steve would do. When it came down to it, despite Tony thinking otherwise, they were both soldiers.
It was all white noise to the man that seem mesmerised as he took a step closer, eyes locked with the ones that he was so familiar with. One foot followed the other getting even closer whilst the blond haired man just stared at him with narrowed eyes.
Steve tugged and tugged at the restraints trying to at least bend them, but they weren’t bending, they weren’t even cracking. After years of attempting to capture Steve the evil genius clearly knew how exactly to contain him.
The team weren’t anywhere to be seen, so they both ran outside and upstairs toward the roof where they were met by everyone. Warm rays dancing along their skin as they stood proudly, holding up their hands and punching the sky as they stood with the rest of their team –
!” Frantically the spider tried to escape from the metal grip, attaching himself to the nearest fungus covered wall.
“Are you even a boy scout?”
“You impressed with my work, Tony?” Norman asked, hands still behind his back as he stepped closer. “They’re all mine. And they’re soon to be like your friend Steve… Now he was the best specimen. The only to one obey me like a dog. He was so beaten from the explosion it was child’s play.”
“What’s that?” He asked, seeing Tony pull something out of the back of his armour, handing it carefully to Steve.
Though in reality it was nice, at least for Tony. Terminator Steve, on the other hand, had a differing perspective.
Tony darted toward the map that was by the reception, with Steve covering him and lightly grabbing the receptionist who seemed as brain dead as the rest of the civilians that dwelled outside, though the second that he grabbed her it was as though he’d flipped a switch. She flailed and kicked, making loud sounds which he had to mask with his gauntlet.
“That’s surprising considering a soldier like you has lived a nomadic lifestyle.”
“Connected.” They both said in unison.
Tony’s eyes darted over to Steve who began to stir and walked over to him, lifting him into his arms again and hugging him close, mainly for his own comfort. It was disturbing to think that this was all some ones lab.
He pulled back and instantly brushed his face with his metallic palm, trying to hide his face from Steve. “You were trying to kill me earlier, you know.”
“You see, it was a merger. Something that could help us both. The Psycho Prism was an invention of mine, long ago that failed due to a number of reasons… But it was something that could help spread my influence across the world, so I wouldn’t have to be there, so the world would be under my control effortlessly – but I couldn’t retain the power, I couldn’t focus it, Hammer and his tech expertise has allowed me to focus it and thus control the villains which your friends are fighting. Sure, it was using plans that I had stolen from Doctor Doom, but Mr Hammer had no problem in adding his own spin to it, it seems extremely effective with my new team. Quite an assembly of my own, wouldn’t you say? All I had to do was strike a deal with Mr Hammer – I don’t put him under my influence and we work together, building together, stronger devices that would allow me to control all of you. Alas, only one obstacle stood in my way…”
From where Steve was, all he could hear was the pang of bullets, but that was mainly because he was being shot at while trying to clutch onto a drone plane and the explosive device that was attacked to it to disarm it. Bucky was crouched down next to him – shooting at oncoming agents to protect Steve, showering bullets upon oncoming enemies.
“Right… Sorry.” Steve said, looking forward.
“Stay alert, JARVIS.” He mumbled to the suit.
That didn’t stop it from making Tony’s heart ache every time the memory propped into his mind. With that aside, Peter Parker would always be the kid that had the tiniest hero worship for Tony—okay, so tiny was an understatement. The boy adored him, and Tony took it upon himself to be the father figure, especially since he was a figurehead in the Avengers. He knew full well Peter thought of him and Steve as ‘mom and dad,’ which he did try to encourage, despite his denials.
“Did you really say dillydally? Like honestly? That sounds something out of an awful show from the 40’s.”
He couldn’t stand it. He couldn’t stand being alone like that. Not for now anyway. As big of a soldier as he was, being pummelled in the face with loss was painful enough to deal with, and yet he was forced to carry it all on his shoulders. He slipped out of the cold sheets to his feet, rubbing his eyes and deciding to explore the new place. His wondering mind guiding him down to Tony’s lab which was vacant at the time, just large hanging robots from the chains, and that was all that was there. When he walked further he decided to snoop. The man did say that he would be in either his room or the lab, so the place was empty at present. A few more steps in and he heard a voice, spinning around on his heel and catching sight of a particularly menacing looking robot. It was gold and red like the rest of them, but this one just looked different. He couldn’t help but inspect it with a furrowed concentration. It really was the future, and he had seen bots in HYDRA’s labs before, but this was different. He could’ve sworn he heard it say something when he was walking, but it was there, still, chained up like a doll being repaired.
But in truth, Tony quite liked just having Steve around. It was like living with a good friend – and Rhodey certainly approved once he met Steve. Tony stood back and let the two talk about their military business – Steve being in the Army and Rhodey being in the Air Force meant that the banter was present, Rhodey trying to be polite and holding off just a bit. Tony would pout in the distance knowing that Rhodey could go all guns blazing, and usually would when he was concerned, but he could see too that there was a degree of respect exchanged between the two. It was great to see his idol and best friend get along with one another. Tony couldn’t wait for Steve to meet Carol, now
“Three…” Steve started.
“I love you…” His voice was strained. Once again Steve lay back, pulling Tony with him, though the dark haired man cringed when he felt Steve pull out and the sticky liquid drip down his inner thigh. But he relaxed and lay on top of Steve, looking up at the man whose hair was matted down, damp with sweat knowing for well that he probably looked exactly the same.
Steve shook his head but maintained eye contact, “No Tony, they’re real, you know I’m not particularly religious, I do remember my ma’s teachings but no… You’re an angel Tony, I can see your wings.”
“Tony?” His gloved finger pressed closer to the device by his ear. “Tony, can you hear me?”
Steve’s voice made Tony’s body relax, “Hold me more.” He demanded, only out of desperation.
Steve grabbed his arm before Tony could pull away yet again, but this time a huge gauntlet grabbed him and flung him back into one of the broken suits, but instead of hitting them, Cap rolled and began to skid on his knees, trying to get a footing, before rising up and noticing the huge suit, lit up once more. “Do not touch him!”
“He’s a god damn soldier.” Tony snapped,  “Fury was blinded by his overt sense of entitlement, his logic was absurd and overprotective for a man who was used to running out into the field and getting hurt time after time.” His head turned to look down at Steve, trying to lull his gaze from that childlike awe to concern. “Now get out, and if I need you, I’ll call you.”
“First aid kit?”
“Then, my liege, you shall have a knight.” Steve pressed a kiss to Tony’s lips.
“You handling the clean up?” Tony asked over the computer speakers.
Tony hated that word;
The older man quite consciously pulled up the glove on his finger to hide the silver ring that was visible around his wrist. “Everyone has one of these. By that I mean everyone is dependent on them. You see, that gas that came out of that bomb was more critical than you ever anticipated.”
Did he really deserve Steve? Did he deserve to be this close?
Tony took a couple of deep breathes. He could feel his anger boiling before he was grabbed, being pulled to attention to face them all. The men before him looming over like all knowing oracles, staring down at a soul that used to stand among them, expecting him to join so willingly without debate. Slowly he recollected himself, turning to look at Steve laying on the mattress, his body turned and facing the wall.
“I’ll fix it!” Tony screamed out with conviction and desperation.
“Guess it’s my turn to see you off.” Steve said instead, walking out of the lab and back up to their rooms, continuing the talk, probing each other with questions until they reached the end of the hall, even so, just standing in Tony’s doorway bouncing questions back and forth. Something told Steve that they’d be doing this for a long time to come.
Tony moved up and down, swaying his head back and then burying it once again into the crook of the man’s neck, panting loudly. He could see even in the dim light of their reactors that Steve had flushed cheeks. To calm him he pressed a kiss to any flesh that his lips could seek, his own hands dipping along each crease of the beautifully sculpted abdomen and trailing up to his shoulders, finding himself grappling on for support as Steve picked up the pace of each thrust.
“Yeah without the garish colour schemes too.”
“The assimilation process isn’t complete, Mr Stark, you can’t just pull him out into the real world like that!” One of the lab assistant’s yelled.
to do that?” Carol scorned.
He could feel the cold metal which made a shiver jolt down his spine, but he eased into it, being nothing like he had ever felt before.  Tony bit his lower lip, “More.” He whispered.
How he had
The feeling of being a renegade, running from the law was something that he always saw Cap as during the war, but he could never imagine what it felt like. Again, he managed to get a glimpse of empathy in the situation that he was put in, but at least he wasn’t running from the man that he cared about, at least he wasn’t turned against him.
Really tell him…
That went both ways for either of them.
…Together.
“Steve, what’s this for?” He couldn’t help but ask.
Steve snarled and tugged at the chains until they made a loud rattle. He wasn’t strong enough to outright break the chains from the wall he was tethered to. Every ounce of strength was drained from him after the countless lumbar injections that were being stabbed into him from the wall that was just behind him. Given Zola, that wasn’t just a simple wall – it contained large amounts of sedatives that were being injected directly into his spinal cord…and thus rendering him largely incapable of fighting back.
“Right… Got it…” Steve replied. He had no choice but to pull back and scramble over the sheets to reach toward the nightstand and rummage through the drawers, and low and behold, there was an unopened bottle which read ‘cherry flavour’. Steve’s mind was too much of a lust filled haze to question it, placing it down next to Tony and letting his fingertips curl around the elastic of his perfect white briefs.
“Good night, pal.”
A huge cyan beam of light shot out of Tony’s chest, blasting toward Doom and sending him far back into the wall with such a force that the impact alone rendered him unconscious, his precious silver armour accumulating dark deep cracks and crumbling in some parts with the sheer power.
Steve’s hand moved from his forehead to just over his mouth, attempting to stifle a laugh but doing an extremely poor job of it. “Yeah, clearly useful.”
the moment with him.
Tony powered up his repulsors, knowing that he had limited use since he needed to regulate power into his augmentations to keep them running. He took a quick dive to the right, keeping his palms held upward as he spotted the glider swerve, facing the moving figure even though it was hard to see, especially with his eyes tearing up.
“I know you can fly now but… One last time?”
“A simulator, Sir. Stark Technology, actually. It’ll allow you to simulate his world in his brain, allow him to live things as they should be if he were back in his time… Tony Stark was the first to invent this tech for training purposes but we’ve since been attempting to develop it, much further than for those purposes alone.”
With a loud PING the doors opened and revealed what Steve could only have dreamed of; a whole lab, with thingies and do-hickeys everywhere; pipes and tubes, mechanical pieces, wires and robots wheeling themselves around the place to work on different things.
Steve didn’t talk very much. What he would do was pace the containment chamber that he was in, his head slightly tilted to a side with jolty movements. He would jump on the meat as he had done before. There were wounds around his knuckles from where he was constantly either punching the wall, broken mirror which they had decided to not replace, and the visual screen. Those wounds seeped with black, the skin pulling back over the bones to reveal the sharp edges of the knuckle bones protruding from his broken flesh. From a dry scratching tone of voice that he once spoke with, it had further broken down to dry growls instead. He wouldn’t even form words any longer, he would just stand in silence which was far more eerie than the dark words that had escaped. The speed of the virus was quickening.
and now he’s part of our team.” There was resentment hiding behind his words, Steve could definitely pick up on that, especially since there was an annoyed huff that followed once Fury had explained, taking a long puff from the cigar and exhaling a stream of smoke through his nose.  “He needs a new partner.”
“He’s a robot. Robots can’t be trusted. You see? It’s stuff like this, hell I don’t even trust a microwave, heard the things can give you cancer!”
“I would have never had you down for a man of simple pleasures.”
He placed his hand on the hand brake, pushing it down and drifting the car to do a 180, the smell of burning rubber wafting into the open windows as a puff of smoke was coughed out of the exhaust of the old vehicle, struggling to keep up with Steve’s fast pace.
“Howard Stark does not care for me. He does not. He leaves me to sit in the corner.”
He turned, slowly, to meet the bright azure eyes that stared at him with a stern glare. He backed off quickly and stood with his back to the cabinet behind him, his palms resting on the worktop for support as he dropped the bottle that leaked the dark drink.
“Are you sure?”
When it was finished, Steve stood on his side of the mirror, utterly shocked.
“That means no communication; again, we’re going to have to go all the way home for this to work. I’m sure I can fix something up when we get there, and use that to get in touch with the others.” He replied, his eyes occasionally drifting down to Steve’s legs to make sure they were still functioning. He didn’t exactly know how reliable HAMMER tech would be.
“You think you can shrink small enough to get into the circuits?”
’ rolled off his tongue so beautifully.
There was a fuzzy growl at the other side,
these days, and it was further tainted by the rotten stench of internal politics within the Illuminati. Still, if there was one thing Tony could see himself reliant upon, it was that Reed Richards would have something to help him out.
Panic attacks were a frequent thing that Tony had learned to handle, but this was a guilt-ridden panic that was seizing his entire body. It felt like a clamp on his heart, it felt as though something was gripping at his lungs and stopping him from breathing.
Steve sat down in front of it, fascinated by the reply, “Stark? So is Howard your… Father?”
“That worked out well for them.” Bruce replied, lowering the visor of his cap.
“I know, but we’re fixing it, we’re fixing the dimensions that need fixing. That’s our job right? Not only Earth’s Mightiest Heroes, but Inter-Dimensional Heroes too? We saved this Earth, now it’s on to the next.”
Yet he just remembered Steve’s words before he thought of acting on those dark thoughts. It should never be an option…only those words would prevent Tony from taking that plunge.
Dark clouds swirled and loomed over one of the tallest buildings in New York City, the dark purple that they were tinged with growing darker closer to the building.  It certainly was a sight in itself to take in, with the shades of purple creating some sort of organised gradient. But luckily this allowed the others to spot where the main building was without a single doubt in their mind. The Mind Prism inside must have been creating the weather that had managed to span the entirety of the city.
“Yeouch!” Steve rubbed his hand. “Static huh… Geez, I hate that.”
“Tony..?” The Captain asked with horror, his grip becoming loose.
Slowly, the buzz saws pushed down, snarling and rattling viciously. They first ripped through Tony’s flesh, edges and splatters of blood decorating the blade tips as they circulated. He wanted to move, he wanted to pull away and scream out for someone to save him. His muscles twitched as though yearning to break free. Tears swelled in his eyes and his breathing hitched. All that he could do was hope that it wouldn’t work, but that hope and those internal prayers fell on deaf ears.
The boots clipped into place, and Tony began fixing up the rest of Steve’s armour for him, although the Captain seemed to get a quick grasp of doing it himself, never one to just sit around helplessly no matter the condition he was in.
And with that the connection was cut, just as Steve had anticipated. At least he had managed to convey a message, but he had to try the others, going through the radar and radio systems and attempting to fiddle with the wires to recalibrate the signal tune to another teammate’s radio.
“I’ve never seen a contagion like this before.” Reed remarked.
“Yeah, soft, you’ll have to show me the secret to that when we get back. For now, let’s focus on finding the others, shall we?”
Tony knelt down, feeling some sort of resistance in his body. He could see hazy images of his head; he and Steve standing on a rooftop together, Steve with his hand on Tony’s shoulder, giving that stare that he could never forget… So filled with warmth, love, affection, tenderness – Steve.
“One!” They shouted in unison, firing the powerful unified blast toward the Green Goblin who screamed out in agony, but managed to throw the bomb in his hand toward the two. The blast went as planned, severing the hand with the focused dual power. It was the bomb that was unexpected, flying their way, Steve quickly moved in front of Tony, trying to protect him and he held his other arm up that had his shield strapped onto it.  The bomb smacked into the shield and sent Steve flying back, but Tony was saved and ran as quickly as he could to fetch the hand before it hit the floor. There was a loud clang as the smoke cleared; Tony’s widened blue eyes caught sight of the severed, bloody green hand on the floor, the palm loose. He glanced over his shoulder. “Steve!?” He called out in panic, taking a slow step toward the fallen Globin who lay there unconscious.
Both Tony and Steve turned their heads away, attempting to hide a faint blush that tainted both of their cheeks. Natasha cleared her throat and gestured to the elevator numbers that were flashing, meaning that they were quickly approaching the top floor.
There was a hesitant nod that followed once the shapes of light began to dissipate, allowing him to see properly once more. “Y-yea, Tony--” He was still flustered, still trying to regain his bearings when he felt two arms wrap around him – one warm and the other icy cold. Still though, the embrace settled him. In return, he raised his arms around Tony’s small frame, expecting to feel the remnants of Tony’s shoulder armour around his shoulder blade but he couldn’t feel a thing. For now he didn’t question it, he just accepted the safety of being held by his co-leader. His own hand reached up for the nape of Tony’s neck, touching the wet black strands, trailing down the curve of his spine.
The lab workers typed frantically, and then a young lad came scuttling toward Steve, dressed in high shorts, a flat cap and white shirt, looking rather smart.
“Oh, I just love winding you up, Steve,” he teased, his now fixed hand covering his mouth as it regained the appearance of a regular hand rather than the glove. “But yes, before I was on the streets as a detective I was a humble inventor.”
Tony dreaded to think what had happened to her, whether her body was further up or had been dragged by those behemoths. Either way he knew that it couldn’t end well, not if Jessica was like this. Carol wouldn’t just leave her, in fact, she wouldn’t leave anyone. She would stick it out until the end and make sure that everyone was safe, even if it cost her own life. The selflessness was a painful quality that most of them had, but it was something that all of the Avengers had to learn to deal with. That’s the reason that Tony kept reminding himself that Cap must’ve died for something and he wouldn’t let the loss of his hero be in vain.
“Feel it, Steve!”
The room filled with the loud scream as they honed in on the man that had ruined their lives, that had killed so many of their friends.
“That suit. It’s not right.” He was quite frank with his wording. “You know during the fight, didn’t it seem… odd.”
Tony snapped his teeth at it wishing the ringing in his ears would cease, instead raising his hand and charging up the unibeam from the centre of his chest – he still had the entire plate on. Aiming it close he fired it and not only broke the speaker, but blast a hole in the wall. However the impact was so strong and he was so frail on his feet that he fell back from the recoil of the blast. Steve crawled up beside him making a distressed groan, Tony replied with the same haggard facial expression remaining on his face, laying there for a moment.
