"Anything else?"
Hey, whoa– ‘chaos’? What chaos?
They’re magazines.
But when he goes back to his workshop, he loses himself in the numbers and the theories, and while Steve never leaves his mind– he’s been a constant presence there for longer than Tony’s ever willing to admit– everything else gets lost behind his work.
Steve smiles. “Thought you’d appreciate it.”
? You planning on getting stabbed again, Rogers?”
But Steve just grins at him over his shoulder, and drives off with a whoop.
“Yeah, it’s me,” he replies, just as the door slides open and he’s treated to the most gorgeous blue eyes he’s ever seen. “Hi, there.”
Steve’s laughter echoes beneath Tony’s hand, happy and warm and everything Tony feels when it comes to Steve. “So definitely no more Monopoly on game nights, okay?” he says.
“Come on, Rogers. Gimme a break, yeah?” Tony begs. “How ‘bout lunch?”
This, however…
“Knew you would, gum drop,” Tony says. “Think you can make it all the way to Romanoff?”
(It helps that Nat tells him their ratings have been climbing steadily ever since his calls with Tony started, especially during Golden Oldies hour.)
"I’m so glad you’re okay,” Steve blurts, and doesn’t wipe the lone tear that finally manages to escape from the corner of his eye. “Don’t ever do that again. Please.”
“You’re crazy.”
– I want it forever. I want
“Good,” is all he can rasp out, just before a short, hard knock makes them startle, and when Tony turns to the doors, he can’t help but crack a grin at the sight of Pepper glaring at them from the other side of the glass.
“Anytime, gorgeous,” Tony replies. “Did you take your pills?”
“Steve--”
When Cap finally makes it back, hands and arms laden with plastic bags and take out boxes that he lays out on the dining table, Tony doesn’t miss a beat before wrapping his arms around him from behind.
“I feel ridiculous.”
“Don’t do that.”
“I could never be bored with you, Shellhead,” Steve says around a laugh, and pulls Tony closer.
“Don’t blaspheme, Tony.”
“Merry Christmas.”
“And you never thought you’d be doin’ it after getting married?” Steve laughs.
Tony breaks. “You think that fucking matters to me?” He rasps, slamming the wrench on the table. “You think
“Take your time, please. I don’t want you to choke.”
Steve nods around a mouthful of cheesy pasta.
When Steve asks him what they want to be, though, he just shrugs.
“‘M sorry, T’ny.”
The biggest thing though, he thinks, is the drawing.
“Hey,” Steve whispers back. His hand finds Tony’s before he even realizes it, and with baited breath, he moves back down to lie beside the brunet. “Tony, hey. Look at me?”
"Be a doll and share, then."
He smells like
“I want two.”
“God, I love you,” Steve breathes, and as they push further into the trees, Tony lets the words wash over him like the warmest blanket.
But then...
“Yes sir,” Steve salutes him playfully, and then wraps an arm around Tony’s shoulders to herd him back out into the brisk, evening air. “A little birdie told me you were trash talkin’ AIM Academy earlier.”
“You sure?”
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony rolls his eyes, but doesn’t even care that his voice sounds so pathetically happy. “Back atcha, big guy.”
“Alright I gotta– where the fuck’s my– I gotta go, shoot’s running late,” he says, scrambling to find his phone and sunglasses. Everybody just snickers in response, and he has no idea why until Steve just grabs Tony’s wrist as he’s rushing past and–
“Stark. M’name’s Stark.”
"помню план": "Remember the plan."
Stony Christmas prompt #5: "Are you okay?"
Steve holds out his hand. “Mass Art.”
— but he's also the sweetest man Tony's ever met, a great teacher, and such a little shit that Tony’s left trying to catch his breath half the time. Steve's all that and so much more and Tony wants to know everything about him and--
“I remember that name.”
Tony nods. “Better now that I don’t ever have to buy you anything
“Is he... will he be okay?” he asks the SHIELD doctor in front of them, unable to keep the tremor out of his voice, and catches Tony’s smile turn to a frown out of the corner of his eye.
“Are you gonna just sit there or are you gonna help me?”
Tony rolls his eyes. “You wish.”
“You helped?” Tony blurts. “You’re…”
“Me too,” comes Bruce’s quiet, shy reply.
*-*-*-*-*-*-*
Warnings: NONE.
Steve can hardly wait.
Tony chuckles triumphantly, but stops when she lifts her head to glare at him.
“Cheese?”
- - - - - - - - - -
“Why do I wanna marry you?” Steve asks.
Tony can only nod.
of us,” he points at himself, then at Steve.
; I get to have a home to come back to, Tony. To my friends, my team… my family. To you. I know I don’t tell you as often as I should, but I’m so happy here. And everything I lost, all those years I was under... it was all worth it. I’d do it again, in a heartbeat.”
Steve waits until Tony’s eyes are back on his. “We’re gonna have to talk with her about taking care of him.”
“What?” Tony pulls back to look at him.
Daisy’s back to being all smiles. “With pleasure, Miss Potts.“
“The... seating chart,” Steve realizes, catching the layout sketched out across the paper, tiny little strips of post-its scattered all around. “For the wedding?”
“I’ll make it up to you,” Tony says, because they’re alone and the music is kind of romantic, now that he thinks about it, and he really wants to kiss this man.
, he feels ridiculous saying it because he doesn’t wanna be that person. But he can’t help it…
Tony decides this might be the perfect time to open his eyes and ask what the hell is going on, but when finally gathers all the strength to open his mouth, all he can let out is a whimpering groan.
“I don’t hear you complainin’ now.”
“Yes, darling?”
Tony jumps out of his seat, slamming a hand on the table. “I’ll fucking
Warnings: NONE.
Prompt: "We’re in the middle of a thunderstorm and you wanna stop and feel the rain?"
fucking body in front of Tony’s. His shoulders bristle reflexively at the tone, but then Pepper’s runs her hand through his unruly, unwashed hair.
“Excuse me?”
“Don't say that,” Steve growls.
Steve nods again, cheeks flushing a delicious shade of pink that sends a pang of familiar longing straight to Tony’s gut. “I ain’t planning to.”
“You need to get back up there.”
“Can’t make any promises,” is all Tony says before the door opens and they walk in.
“Zip it, Shellhead,” Steve laughs, and when he leans in to kiss Tony again, this time on his temple, Pepper’s grin feels easy as breathing.
He’s charming and patient and funny with the kids-- which just makes him so much more attractive-- but it’s his eyes that Steve can’t stop thinking about afterward, dark and warm as they meet his own across the table. He thinks about them all through the night, and then the next day during work and after Bucky comes home.
Tony nods, and even though he can still hear Pepper running damage control across the room-- even though he can feel uncertainty and apprehension clouding his mind-- when he catches sight of the gleaming band around his ring finger, he welcomes the soft, warm tendrils of anticipation.
“You’ll see. We had to shoot it down with an EMP to bring it in.”
The drive is quiet for a few minutes after that, but it’s not long before Tony feels something stirring in his chest, and when he can’t ignore it, he makes sure his eyes are nowhere close to meeting Steve’s. “Thank you,” is all he says, and if he’d said it to anyone else, he would’ve cursed the way the words come out low and hesitant.
“Sure I can,” Steve says. “Now get on, time’s tickin’.”
Steve is jerked from the book he’s reading as the sound of his boyfriend’s voice, and doesn’t even have time to say a word before Tony plops himself onto his lap. Steve’s arms move on reflex to wrap themselves around his waist, book forgotten on the table next to them, and he brings him close until their chests touch. “Doin’ what?”
“Your eyes,” Steve says softly, and Tony’s heart makes a particularly pathetic little lurch.
“When are you not?” Tony mutters, but his smile is fond as he follows suit.
He’s trying, damn it.
Tony waggles his eyebrows. “Whatever it takes to keep you in my bed.”
“Steve,” he thinks he says, but when it doesn’t end up sounding right in his head, he tries again. “
] I think I got a pretty good incentive.
shaking around his phone, no sir-- when a loud meow from outside has him running to the balcony. He leans over the railing, and
It’s rare for them to both be late.
“Thanks,” Tony breathes. His suit suddenly feels too warm, too tight to hold his pounding heart. The thought of Steve feeling it through both their chests terrifies him, but he’s completely powerless to stop it, or to pull away. “You look…” He trails off, closing his eyes to rest his cheek on his best friend’s shoulder.
“JARVIS,” Tony says louder, “do it.”
“Tony,” Rhodey sighs. “There’s pages of you two, all over the city. And not just in this magazine.”
But for now, he just nods, and twines his fingers with Steve’s as they sit down for dinner.
“’m I dead?”
“Will you help me make it?”
Rhodey howls with laughter, and Tony glares at them even as he feels his cheeks grow warm. “He’s not–” he starts, but Natasha suddenly jostles him hard. “What–”
“Just that it was here and gone in a flash.”
’s favorite room.
Every once in a while he’ll mention his other friend Sam, and another girl named Peggy that once punched a boy during recess for being a bully, but it always comes back to little Pepper, and it’s not long before Steve’s curiosity wins him over. So three weeks into the year, instead of dropping Bucky off at his bus stop, Steve takes him to school himself.
"No. I had more important things to do first.”
Tony nods imperiously. “It’s the least you could do, y’know, for sending the press into a frenzy.”
“Steve–”
Prompt: "Write a fic where Steve is homesick and Tony helps him through it? i think Steve would have problems adjusting to the future and i think he would have that sinking feeling in his stomach all the time at first, after they saved the world and everything kinda calmed down and he didn't know what to do with himself. i think Tony would see that and try to take his mind off this. he would try to make him feel less lonely."
“An’ dey play with ya—“
“Can you...”
“Guess I’ll settle for carrying you inside for one last night in our old bed.”
But as adorable as their teammates are, Tony’s given up on trying not to stare at his Captain-- the blond’s damp, white shirt is spread almost indecently across that gorgeous chest, and his biceps are straining against the sleeves from the bustle of the last half hour.
“That’ll have to do for now,” Steve replies. “Doesn’t sound like you heart can handle any more.”
“Who’s being modest now, huh?” Steve teases, bumping Tony’s shoulder with his own.
“Thank you, Tony. Really. For everything, not just... not just today, okay? You’ve done so much—“
“Weak, my ass,” Steve laughs. “Don’t tell me you’ve never wanted to go tree picking. And besides, we can’t keep them cooped up at home for too long,” he jerks his head behind them, where their currently de-aged teammates are tucked in the car carefully, seat belts fastened over their bright, puffy jacket-clad chests. “This’ll be fun for them.”
“For what?”
"Steve, you don’t...” Tony shakes his head, but the blonde just holds out his hand, and Tony takes the paper quickly to hide his trembling fingers.
, Steve thinks, but he can’t wait to find out.
“It’s you.”
“So, Howard finally found you.”
“A Mother’s Day card? For...
“Movie’s over, Tony.”
“Aside from the fact that he’s the Captain, and it’s my fucking tech?” Tony all but snarls. “What could possibly be more important than that?”
“Tony?”
“Let me… fuck… let me finish. Let me start,” Tony stutters, and is horrified when his eyes start burning. He’s not even down on one knee,
“I can name her, right? Since you picked her.”
At some point after lunch, when Tony’s trying to settle his rowdy pupils into groups for their lab, the music begins. It’s Chopin this time, he recognizes, and when he leans in to peek through the door window...
“Just what?”
” comes another familiar voice out of view, calm and elegantly English. “
“You don’t want to marry me,” Tony shakes his head frantically. “You don’t-- Steve, you can’t.”
“Alright,” Steve nods, and then waves at Pepper and Rhodey as Tony pulls him out of the library by the wrist.
“No– shit, wait.”
“Well, I do like playing Nurse.”
“Yeah, I probably should’ve told you sooner, sorry–”
“Shut up,” Tony tugs at the other man’s belt loops, pulling him in until their faces are only inches apart. “You could’ve just said you wanted to climb me like a tree.”
“We needs a twee worthy of my Asgawdian woots!” Thor booms, running circles around his pick, and Rhodey’s quick to voice his agreement.
"And his mouth."
“Right as always, Mr. Stark.”
Rhodey looks up from his textbook. "What kind of feelings?"
“Zip it, mister,” Steve orders. “And shouldn’t you be sleepin’? Your flight leaves pretty early.”
“You... live in the building?”
“Okay,” Bucky runs off, and Steve can hear him mumbling about how
don’t deserve
Not that he ever needed to.
“I mean, what does that say about me?” Tony rears back, rising to his feet to pace the length of the couch. “That I can’t even come up with enough people to fill a fucking table, huh?”
“That a fact?” Tony asks, then breathes out a moan when Steve noses the skin right beneath his ear. “Wanna--
“Jesus Christ, you can’t possibly be real.”
Only to fumble it as he tries to open it. It slips from his fingers, but doesn’t reach the floor before Steve catches it.
“I swear I saw him snickering in the back, even after we told him to hold off on putting ‘em in her salad.”
“You bastard,” Tony sputters, looking down at his now drenched t-shirt, droplets of ice cold water running down his chest. “You fucking
“Good,” Tony feels a grin come to his face, easy and genuine, and god, what is going on?
“But I also dream about holding your hand, about kissing you until neither of us can breathe.”
“Wanna tell that to Rogers’ puppy eyes?” Barnes asks, snickering when Clint lets out a quiet curse.
“Steve--”
“So I’ve been freezing my ass off for nothing?” Steve whispers into Tony’s hair later, when they’re finally snuggled up on the sofa the way Tony’s been dreaming about for weeks.
Steve feels his chest grow warmer than it has all night. “Yeah?”
“He's--”
, when he hears it again, and then he turns his head and oh.
“Yeah?”
“I not a pie,” Rhodey giggles.
” Steve growls, and brings their lips together again.
Civil Union Fest Prompt #1: “You smell nice.”
“Get out of my way,” Tony growls, but Natasha’s grip only tightens on his arm, and despite being smaller than him, she manages to hold him back easily.
“You wanna put him down, or should I?”
Steve nods. “Yep. And while we’re at it, we can get you a bike to go with it, mister, ‘cause no helmet of mine’s gonna look like that.”
moment’s over.”
“I dunno, it must be pretty neat, if it managed to impress
Tony nods down at him. “I believe you, point break. Loving your extravagant use of glitter, by the way.”
“Come on, sunshine,” Tony pulls him by the wrist. “Up and at ‘em, let’s try it again.”
“...nice.”
Damn it.
“Buck never complained when we use to share a bed back in the day.”
“I do,” she nods. She looks so desperate, it’s almost painful. “You were twelve, and you wanted gran– you wanted him to notice.”
“I’m kidding, Cap,” Tony gives him a familiar, charming grin, but the bandage wrapped around his chest blooms pink in more places than it ever should, so Steve can’t even summon a smile in return.
Steve shakes his head, lips quirked up as he glances Tony’s way. “Peachy keen, actually. After bein’ in the desert for eighteen months, I’ve learned to appreciate pretty much and kind a’weather.”
“Don’t act like you’re surprised,” Steve grumbles, bony arms crossed over his equally bony chest. “You of all people should know what I looked like... before.”
“So,” Steve smiles again. “Anything in particular you’re looking for?”
“I don’t doubt it.”
“I think you’re amazing.”
“You ass!” he crows. “Jesus, why am I getting screwed, huh? I’m the victim!”
“Is that the one in Trenton?” says a voice from behind, and Tony tenses immediately.
“Yes, sir,” Steve gives him a lazy salute, his grin sending a flash of warmth through Tony.
Summer of Stony prompt #22: “I can’t do this anymore.”
waterfall.”
“I’m a lot of things,” Steve replies, still grinning. “I’m a soldier,” he kisses Tony’s chin.
“Will you wait for me?”
“AIM Academy.”
“Don’t get all modest now, honey bunch--”
“Yeah,” Tony says loudly, in lieu of nodding.
And it seems like things are going to stay that way, until the night they don’t.
Steve bites his lip, and then squares his ridiculously gorgeous shoulders. “Let me take you out, and I’ll prove you wrong.”
The rest of his body, of course, is an absolute masterpiece– a rough outline of the Brooklyn bridge sketched along one side of his arm, a tiny hawk-feathered arrow on the other, and so many more among the maelstrom of colors covering that gorgeous Irish skin– but the first time Tony’d seen the neat row of zeroes and ones, he’d felt the air leave his lungs so quick, he’d half expected to faint.
Tony doesn’t even pay attention to him, already moaning around a mouthful. The rest of the team settle themselves on all the chairs, unwrapping their own food with quiet, comfortable conversation, and Tony revels in the feeling of it all, until he looks back down to pick up his sandwich–
“Back atcha, stud,” Tony winks, even with his face is still warm all over, and he lets out a quiet, shaky breath when Steve’s cheeks do the same moments later.
“I don’t mind where I end up,” Steve winks, “as long as it’s next to you.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, and Tony buries his head on the blond’s shoulder to muffle the sob that leaves his mouth. “I’m sorry, Tony, god, I’m so s–”
“Penny for your thoughts, big guy?”
“Steve Rogers, at your service,” the blond holds out his hand.
“Sure thing, sunshine.”
But Tony returns the smirk even as he blushes the most adorable shade of pink Steve’s ever seen. “The best part’s making one, y’know.”
It’s just as beautiful, too.
For a moment, Tony freezes, the
“You look adorable with helmet hair, y’know.”
“You’re not funny.”
“Y-you fucking ass--
Yeah. It’s–
The apartment is empty when they go in, but Tony just keeps pulling him until they’re standing in the middle of the room.
. This can’t be happening, this kind of thing doesn’t happen.
, is all it declares, the words surrounded by little black V’s that it only takes Steve a second later to realize are actually birds. “Wow...” he breathes, a faint telltale burn starting at the back of his eyes, and he smiles around the lump in his throat. “That’s...”
“I never get tired of hearin’ that, y’know,” Steve says softly, as earnest as he always seems to be when it comes to Tony.
“She looks just like your Ma, Stevie.”
“Well, I
“– but you looked so hot doing it,” Tony purrs.
“Well, I have to, to keep up with you.”
“Gosh, you’re sweet,” Steve chuckles, and leans in to kiss Tony’s cheek. “Y’know I love wearing 'em, right?”
“Perfect,” Tony nods. “Friday good?”
There’s no steady beeping of a heart monitor, because everybody knows Captain America’s been good to go for hours. With his enhanced hearing, Bucky can hear the occasional footsteps down the hall, or a piece of conversation between agents here and there, but it’s the sound of Stark and Steve whispering that finally breaks him out of his slumber.
Rhodey huffs out something that, on any other day, might have been laughter. “He’s always been like that. Always. But you should tell him when he wakes up,” he says, patting Steve’s shoulder.
“I don’t think that,” Tony shakes his head, voice coming out smaller than he’d like.
“I can’t believe I’m letting you talk me into this.”
“Don’t you know?” Steve asks just as softly, and god, everything about this man makes Tony’s heart beat and break all over again.
“You shouldn’t fucking have to,” Tony sighs, and then inches back towards Steve. “Need a hand again?”
Not a pillow at all. “Ten.”
“Then how ‘bout you tell me something you’d like to hear?”
“I meant-- why are there
“Don’t be mean,” Steve tuts, and then Tony lets out a shout of displeasure when the blanket is whipped off him.
Warnings: NONE.
“No, stop, shut up.”
Steve takes another step closer, and this one brings him right beside Tony. “Do you still believe him?”
Tony doesn’t even bother denying it, and barely has a chance to catch his breath before baby blue eyes finally meet his again.
“Not fair,” he sighs, and nods.
“How do you know?”
“I can pretend, can’t I?”
"What happened?" Steve asks.
Warnings: NONE.
“Shut up,” he hisses, just as Steve lets out another laugh when the puppy in his lap gives his face an enthusiastic lick, and he’s pretty sure something on his face betrays the longing in his chest, because Rhodey mutters a low, breathy curse.
Every once in a while, she remembers telling Loki that love is for children, and even though some small, hidden part of her still believes it, she can’t help but be glad that it’s not completely true.
Across from him, Tony narrows his eyes. “I’ll tell Steve.”
Steve just laughs. “I’ll protect you, Tony.”
“I’ll take back that dinner offer.”
Warnings: NONE.
Civil Union Fest Prompt #3: “Wanna dance?”
“Oh my god,” Tony mutters through his smile, “shut up.”
“Uh huh,” Sam speaks up. “An’ he cooks us food--”
with the world?" Tony waves a hand in Steve's direction before moving it to where their daughter lies sleeping.
He tries to think about it more rationally in the morning. Tony’s never mentioned having a significant other, or even a roommate, but it doesn’t make him feel better. And when he goes through the rest of the day without seeing Tony, only to hear the two voices chatting comfortably again at night, he has to work harder to smother the disappointment bubbling inside.
“Fucking idiots, all of them,” Tony says. “Seriously, who the hell’d pass
Civil Union Fest Prompt #20: “I wish I could hate you.”
Steve.
“You better,” Tony grumbles, but by the time Steve’s dragged him out the door and into the dark, winter night, he can feel the smile settling easily on his face.
“Mmmm.. right back atcha, stud,” Tony purrs, reveling in the rush of warmth that runs through him at the way those baby blues twinkle from the lights around the Christmas tree. “Shitty wrapping skills and everything.”
Steve looks unconvinced, and more determined than Tony’s ever seen him. “No, I don’t like this–”
Steve says, and his voice gets even lower and sadder, even though it hadn’t seemed possible a moment before. “You’re right. It’s not even-- I shouldn’t be complaining...”
,” he finally says, after a long silence, and smiles when he feels Steve press a kiss to his temple.
“Right… shut down the sandbox,” he says, and pulls out the rest of the pizza from the fridge. “I’m goin’ in.”
He knows exactly where he is before he even opens his eyes— well, not exactly, because what’s a good kidnapping without loss of consciousness, right? At least they didn’t blindfold him— but it doesn’t take a fucking genius to get from dark, wet and cold to big, empty warehouse. Sure enough, when he blinks, yeah, spot on.
“Stay the night?”
“Yes, dear,” Steve mutters, and revels in the feeling of being home.
Steve’s lips quirk up. “
“Got it in one.”
“I know.”
“Why not? You’re practically asking him with this-- it’s not like you’re baking for anyone else.”
His mother’s grin lights up her face. “
“Yeah?”
“If you’re the one in costume, I don’t see how it wouldn’t be,” Tony shrugs, and laughs when Steve covers his face with his hands.
Tony grins so hard his cheeks hurt, and revels in the shiver of anticipation when the opening whistle blows.
“Jesus,” Tony groans, arching his back like a cat, and it brings their chests even closer together. “You’re a menace.”
A touch on his arm finally makes him look away– only for a little while, though– until he meets Steve’s fond gaze. “You’re asking me if you can hold our daughter?”
Steve blinks. “What?” He asks, only to start when Tony nods down at the mess between them. "Oh, shit– aw,
don’t get a dog, huh?” Clint asks him, sprawled out on his stomach across the floor and reaching over at Steve’s lap to pet their new addition. “Ooh, can we name it Lucky? C’mere, Lucky,” he coos, “c’mere, boy!”
“Don’t think I can do it?”
“Ooh, I like that, call me that again.”
“Yes,” Tony replies just as quietly. There’s no panic, no fear, no doubt– it’s as easy as breathing.
The alien-robot hybrids are as bad as everything they’ve been facing since HYDRA’s return. They run quick and hit hard, and Tony lets loose on them with a rage that he’s rarely ever felt. Rage at the damage that’s been done to his city, and the damage they’re going to force his team to go through. He feels a sick relief every time he blasts one, and relishes every moment after.
“All bets are off by morning, though, so take it in while you can.”
“And you don’t want to make friends?”
“–you can’t seriously be bringing that up now,” Steve says firmly, but his eyes are bright with humor.
“Some old enemies have returned, and they’re dead set on causin’ trouble in this city. Now, I dunno if you’ve heard of me, or how much you know if you have—”
“Oh.”
Seconds continue to pass silently– broken only by the faint sound of their breathing and the soft rustle of fabric every time one of them makes even the smallest of moments– but eventually, Tony lets out a deep sigh.
,” she says, just as James enters the room with a grin on his face, and a plate piled with brightly decorated--
“Against?”
Steve gives Tony’s skin a final nuzzle before pulling back. “It’s the truth. You can be awfully distractin’ when you wanna be, Mister Stark.”
Barnes jokes that we’re Mom and Dad, but… I think he’s got the gist of it, honestly.
It’s only a couple of steps to Steve’s bed, but he doesn’t let out the breath he’s holding until he gingerly climbs up beside the blond and tucks himself into his side. “Cover me?” he asks Natasha, who rolls her eyes but brings the blanket over from the other bed and settles it over them.
Even with all the time they spend together during the day (Steve’s heart flutters every time Tony insists on the two of them caring for their team
“Like you’re not dying for a good cup of coffee.”
“Oh,” Stark says, quiet and a little stiff, and then gives him a jerky nod. “Ditto. On the, uh, name thing.”
“No I don’t.”
He doesn’t hear the rest as he rushes past Ty and leaves the lab, pushing at the crowded hallways.
Pepper doesn’t even look up from her phone. “As if.”
“It’s the least you can do,” Tony says, heart skipping a beat as Steve’s breath brushes his cheek like a kiss.
The fondness in Steve’s voice settles over Tony like a warm blanket, and when he turns, he’s helpless to return the blond’s happy smile.
“Hmm?”
"Don't know why you're so surprised," Tony laughs, his hand warm in Steve's.
- - - - -
“No!”
“How can I forget?” Steve smiles. “All your egg jokes won’t let me.”
“Steeeeeeeve,” Tony whines, poking at the lump lying next to him. “Steve–”
Well, the pictures are making a little more sense now.
Steve just nods, and feels warm all over when his eyes meets Tony’s again.
“Whatever you say, Princess,” Steve whispers, and Natasha finally leaves to the sound of Tony’s sleepy chuckles.
“Not gonna get to do that much today, huh?”
There’s chaos and heat and screams all around him, but it feels like only seconds later that he’s sitting on the corner of a crumbling street– every part of his body encased in his suit except for his head– with Steve lying halfway in his arms, eyes wide and glassy as they meet Tony’s. There’s a dark red wound in his abdomen, and Tony just covers it with his hand.
Tony lets out a laugh that comes easier than anything has in a long time. “Oh my god,” he breathes. “
,” Tony moans, moving closer to bury his face in Steve’s neck. “I’m trying to be romantic, you’re ruining it.”
“I’m not…” Tony shakes his head, but doesn’t pull away when Rhodey moves in front of him to put his hands on Tony’s shoulders.
Natasha rolls her eyes, and is just about to pull out her phone and call Steve, when she sees Tony swagger into the room out of the corner of her eye.
“Now we just need to find something you’re not good that, if that’s even possible.”
“Which one would that be?”
“I know you’re not. Now sleep.”
“Really?”
He doesn’t want to hear anything except Steve’s voice. He lays a hand on the blond’s chest– when did he take off the gauntlet?– and even though he knows there’s a heartbeat beneath, he can’t feel it.
“Think you can repeat that?” he asks. “In English?”
“Oh my god, don’t call me that,” Tony chuckles.
“So he’s okay?” She turns to Steve, after a fond smile at the brunet. “Will I be able to take him home today?”
Steve swats his shoulder gently. “God,” he breathes, “I thought you couldn't possibly get worse, but you were right--”
“You guys are doing a really good job keepin’ this a secret,” he tells everyone during an afternoon at Steve’s art studio.
“It’s okay, Tony, I--”
It’s the sounds that wake Bucky up, hours later.
“No,” the angel says, shaking his head so fast he’s making Tony dizzy-- well, more dizzy than he already is. God, this is worse than his worst hangover. “My god, I’m so sorry, someone’s coming for help, don’t worry.”
He’s so beautiful, it almost hurts to look at him.
“Then I rest my case.”
“Are you serious?
“Back atcha, stud muffin. But first…” Tony leans up to brush his nose against Steve’s in an eskimo kiss. “What was that about my eyes and the stars?”
“‘We’?”
“Steve--”
“Can’t hold a candle to you, darling.”
“Wh–” Tony starts, but trails off when he sees another bed across the room.
“I didn’t steal it.”
“I love you too, Shellhead,” Steve says softly.
“Not the egg, you moron,” Tony hisses, and gives in to the urge to cradle his own egg closer. “Where’s
Sam finally turns to Steve, and gives him a thumbs up. “
” Steve teases.
,” his voice breaks. “Babe, you’re gonna have to hear me out, ‘kay? I’m– this is… if i’m only gonna do this once, I’m gonna fucking do it right.”
“No.”
“Tone down the sarcasm, Rogers. Can’t you see we’re having a moment?”
“Put a sock in it, Stark. Since when do you say no to seeing you on screen? There’s no way we’re not putting these on.”
” He calls over Pepper’s shoulder, and she turns to find Barnes and Wilson standing sheepishly in front of a toddler-sized lump of the same blue balloons she’d been blowing up. “Keep making Michelin man there any bigger, and Steve’s going to come home to some pretty empty walls. You good, Barton?” A muffled "
(But don't worry, guys-- it's me. Would I ever do anything like this for real????? :P)
“It’s a four hour drive! It’s not like we’re on the other side of the fucking country. How do you get lost?”
“These floors are too fucking hard.”
Tony smirks. “All thanks to the good Doc.”
“Yeah,” Tony mutters. “I do.”
“Hey!” Steve yelps, poking Tony’s side hard enough to feel through the layers he’s wearing. “Don’t be mean!”
“Then why y’drinkin’ it, Daddy?”
Tony, very blatantly, does the same.
“I always knew you’d make a wonderful father,” he hears Steve whisper, and closes his eyes to fight the sting of sudden tears.
“What’s wrong with my smile?”
, tell me more,” he waggles his eyebrows, but Steve shakes his head.
“I’m hungry.”
“Shit, you must be really pissed if you’re going all Brooklyn on me.” Tony groans, but then his lips quirk up in an all too familiar smirk, and damn it, even half alive and bed-ridden, he’s still the most beautiful thing Steve’s ever seen. “Also, I can’t stop thinking about how hot that is, so I blame the morphine--”
“Alright,” Steve closes his eyes. “I can live with that.”
“...okay.”
Tony rolls his eyes even as he lets out a laugh that fills the space around them. “I give up.”
“Mr. Stark,” Cap growls, frustration evident in every tense inch of that glorious body.
Even Blondie himself, and wow, Tony’s suddenly finding it hard to breathe-- whoever gave him eyes that blue, Tony wants to thank them for the rest of his life.
I never did this project, but I think it would’ve been fun! :P
“Well, you look ready.”
“Just once.”
"Tony--"
“Tony, sweetie, no,” Steve says, tipping Tony’s chin up so their eyes meet. “Don’t apologize–”
“Can we just... not talk about this?”
“I finished!”
, open up.”
“My nightmares used to be about going down in the ice.”
Tony pouts. “Fine.”
“The day
“Show me a good time at the party and I’ll let you,” Steve says, and presses his lips to Tony’s.
He’s gorgeous.
Tony points a finger at Steve’s face. “That smile. I forbid it. Stop it right now,” he tries to sound firm, but it comes out a little breathless when Steve’s lips quirk up even more. “Jesus, put it away!”
He is.
Tony’s traitorous heart skips a beat. “Who’s the charmer now?”
“Damn fucking right.”
Mr. Rogers— and really, Tony has no shame, so he’ll gladly admit he’s spent a number nights with his hand on his cock and that name on his lips— is definitely an incentive for getting up early in the morning.
“Maybe you could break the news to him, then?” Tony asks, grinning when Sarah just laughs.
,” Barton replies distractedly, brows furrowed as he looks down at his mostly purple colored paper. Around him, each of his teammates is engrossed in their own cards— Thor’s halfway to being entirely covered in silver glitter, very little of it actually making its way onto his piece of red construction paper.
“I’m used to it, Steve. You can’t make everyone like you, y’know.”
“You’re the only one I trust to do this.”
“Exactly.”
“Will you…” Tony starts, and Barnes just nods.
“We’ve got a couple of those around here. And we’ve also got training classes, if you decide on a puppy.”
“Any chance you’ll tell me why I’m here, then, sweetheart?” he asks.
He scrambles to put his bottle down, and then curses when it tips over and spills its remains on the table. “Fuck, fucking Buck. Shit,
“Hi Bucky,” Pepper chirps, all bright, blue eyes and dimpled cheeks.
“Thanks for telling Mr. Gun-ho over here,” Tony jerks his thumb at Steve, who just presses a kiss to his temple, flushing at the knowing looks the team gives each other.
“You really didn’t come up with this, did you?”
All he gets in return is a quirk of the tiny Bichon Frise’s head before it takes a step closer to the edge of the roof.
“‘m sorry,” Steve says softly. He sounds anything but.
noon whenever he can-- it’s surprisingly a little sweet and funny, instead.
…T’ny?”
“Y’know, that doesn’t actually make me feel better.”
Steve grins, and then squares his shoulders.“Tony Stark, will you marry me?”
“….It’s Chwistmas,” she grins.
“Sorry I’m such a burden to have to sleep next to.”
“I don’t doubt it, sunshine,” Tony says, brushing a wayward strand of blond hair from Steve’s forehead. “But just… indulge me, yeah?”
He’d rather kiss the Captain.
Which is an understatement, by the way. Because Steve is
Tony’s loving every second of it.
“You slept the day away, genius.” Steve’s voice is soft and happy, the way Tony always wants him to sound. “Slept through breakfast, Bruce’s BLTs for lunch, and Buck’s pizza casserole–”
“More like enjoying the view,” he leers, waggling his eyebrows as Steve sighs exaggeratedly. “You were saying?”
Because Steve is hot— of course he is, he’s
“No!”
He thinks it's to keep them from digging into Steve's skin.
“Barton, too. And Carol. And Wilson.”
Warnings: NONE.
“W’gotta k-keep tryin’–”
“I need you to calm down,” she says agin. “And so does Steve.”
“Yep,” he says, picking up a wrench from the table just so his hands
“Do what?” someone asks– Barton?– but Natasha shushes him a second later.
“You bet we will,” Steve says seriously, and before Tony can say anything else, pulls him back in to kiss his temple. “I’m going to miss you, Shellhead,” he whispers into Tony’s hair.
Even the slow, methodical chewing looks threatening now.
“I know,” he says, firm and because he
Steve nods. “My favorite smile... ah, there it is,” he says, when Tony’s lips quirk up in that particular way he loves so much, small and soft, but every bit as real as this thing between them is. “I could look at it all day. Could look at you all day.”
“Oh Daddy…” his daughter leans in, strands of blonde curls escaping from the open faceplate and brushing his face as she kisses his cheek. “Who do ya think you’re talkin’ to, huh? I chose this! I’ve always wanted to be a hero like my Pops! Like
“Think you can handle bein’ out here a little longer?”
Summer of Stony prompt #13: “Is there a reason you’re naked in my bed?”
,” Tony winces, looking down at the sharp point digging into his ass. “Shit, I’m on top of your sketchbook, I’m ruining it.”
“Better believe it, Pops. Now, can one of you do me a solid and bring my suit around? I have no idea how long I’ll be here, but I’m betting it won’t be for long– they probably called you as soon as I went ‘poof’– and there’s no way I’m leaving my baby with any of you, no matter who you are. So pretty please? Uncle Agent!” she calls out, and Tony’s heart makes a pathetically happy little lurch when he realizes she’s talking to
“I hit you in the head with my football! God, I didn’t mean to-- it was an accident! Bucky said something and I got distracted, and I didn’t throw it right and then you were just there and
“Steve...”
“You’re crazy,” Steve says again, those gorgeous baby blues warm and happy as they settle back on Tony.
“‘Multitasker’ is my middle name,” Tony grins.
“Me,” Natasha pipes up, pulling at his sweater, and Tony’s face softens as he presses a quick kiss to that red, red hair.
He’s not complaining.
, my god.”
Through the tears rolling down his face, Tony smiles down at him. “You h-haven’t asked me anything,” he hiccups.
Damn him.
Tony takes it, and tries to ignore its warmth. “Tony. Stark,” he says, and points to the little ball of fluff trying to climb atop the retriever. “And that’s Ellie.”
“Come on, then. I’ll buy you a hot chocolate.”
“It’s just as nice to take a morning off and actually come down here.”
"We can take it. We already do, don't we? It’s why we have each other."
“Not that I’m not happy everyday,” Steve’s quick to continue. “Because I am. So much. Here with you… with all of you, it’s… it’s
Warnings: NONE.
“I was reading the instructions–”
“Because you’re my best friend. Because even when you drive me absolutely crazy, I’m still happiest when I’m with you. And I can’t think of anything worse than losin’ you.”
“Want a taste?”
“You have her smile.”
“For a certain fella, sure. But not for me.”
“You don’t even have to try. I’d stay here forever if I could.”
God, he’s beautiful.
“It’s a lot of responsibility--”
Warnings: NONE.
“You did good, Shellhead.”
"Hey, don’t hurt yourself, handsome,” Tony says fondly. His heart beats just a little bit faster, a little bit warmer at the thought of sharing a bed with Steve. “I wouldn’t mind fallin’ into bed with you.”
“Jay, say it ain’t so,” Tony says, and when he looks up at the ceiling, Clint wants to laugh because that’s such a fucking
... Everything.
“Aw shit,” Barnes sighs, as the sound of footsteps grows louder and closer from down the hall.
“Yeah, yeah, I hear you,” Tony rolls his eyes, but when Steve greets them out in the living room with his gorgeous, ‘good morning’ smile, he thinks the early wake up just might’ve been worth it.
Tony feels his heart stop. “
Warnings: NONE.
“Tone down the charm there, mister– I’m hungry and you promised me cheeseburgers after the game.”
Fury nods. “Go on, get,” he waves them off.
“Only one of us here is old.”
Steve gives him the side eye. “Tony.”
“Well, that’s what happens when you avoid the kitchen all day,” Tony replies, holding out a plate as he settles down beside him.
Natasha lets out an uncharacteristic giggle, and even Dr. Banner– curled up in a recliner by the corner– snorts softly into his book.
, and Tony can’t stop staring.
“Oh,” Tony’s head pops up from underneath, a grin plastered firmly on his greasy face. “Why didn’t you just say so?”
“I’m–”
So yeah, it’s his favorite room because it’s his
“Language,” Steve snaps.
Shit.
“Should we forgive Papa for that, pumpkin? That was a mean thing to say about Daddy’s lifeblood.”
But then he moves his gaze up, and almost has a heart attack when they meet large, gleaming eyes. “
“And I’ve got a good heart--”
Steve can’t seem to stop fidgeting. “Un-unless you want to.”
Good for you, Cap. [
“Because I wanna marry you, damn it!” Steve blurts, heart thundering in his chest as fast as the blood rushing in his ears.
“I know the feeling,” Tony coos. “Shit’s disgusting.”
Steve looks like he’s going to argue, but then he sighs and nods, pulling away to pull out his phone. “Good idea. I’ll order Chinese?”
“Got a party this weekend. Thought you could drag yourself out of your big, empty mansion and come around for a couple of hours.”
- - - - -
“Fuck Howard.”
“Maybe you should go ‘head and ask me, then,” Steve hiccups.
” Tony warns, and when Rhodey sees the smile on his best friend’s face when Steve just giggles in response, he thinks the magazines might not be completely wrong.
“Well, I’m hoping you’ll give us a chance to prove you wrong. But for now, do we have a deal?” the Captain asks, holding out his hand.
” Howard asks.
“Not today, I’m not,” Steve says, and Tony only has time to recognize the mischievous quirk of his lips before warm, muscular arms pull him down into Steve’s chest. “Hey!”
“Hurry up,” Tony whines, and then all they hear is Steve’s laughter as the call ends.
Steve looks down thoughtfully, absently pressing his lips to golden, baby-soft hair, and Tony breathes out a sigh of content. He reaches out to tug at Steve’s belt loops, bringing him closer until they stand silently in the middle of the room, their daughter nestled comfortable between them.
Steve shakes his head. “Just... stay with me?” he asks, before he can wrestle the words back inside, and he holds his breath until Tony nods with a fond roll of his eyes.
Sequel to Civil Union Fest Prompt #5, aka chapter 49!
“Ow,” he groans. Christ, did he get hit with a rock?
“Magic word, pumpkin,” Tony jostles her.
“Tasha–”
first!”
“Steve,” comes the reply, and a second later, the man himself walks in with a smirk. “Figures you’d be taking your sweet time,” he says. “Here, let me take care of that,” he points to Tony’s tie.
"Not as good as me.”
Of course, it would be just his luck that the whole team is in the kitchen.
“Do you or do you not want a dog?” Tony snaps.
“Not more than I’ve missed you,” Steve replies, and feels his entire body grow warm when Tony’s eyes darken, smile turning lewd.
“Shut up and let me sleep,” Tony whines, even as his cheeks heat up from the fondness in Steve’s voice. Under the veritable mountain of blankets they’re lying under, it feels like they’re in their own little world, and Tony thinks he could definitely get used to it all.
“Steve... it’s a
“Still--” Steve begins, but then a nurse stops beside them to tells him he can’t go beyond that point, and Tony tries hard to quell the admittedly irrational jab of fear at being alone.
“Tony--”
“Stop.”
Steve smiles again. “Okay,” he says, and Tony finally sleeps.
"You hungry?" Steve asks.
Steve wraps his arm around Tony from behind. “Tony, what are you doing?” he asks.
Steve’s always known how to push his buttons best.
She nudges his leg with the pointed tip of her shoe. “JARVIS?” she sighs.
“No you won’t.”
?” Tony breathes, and he can barely see the blond nod through the tears in his eyes. “You have--”
Everything becomes a blur after that.
“Steven, you wound me,” Tony gasps, grinning when the blond next to him rolls his eyes.
“Like, uh-- eating. Yeah, eating. You always bitch about me skipping meals, so now you can’t complain, see? Better things.”
“You’re probably the only one,” Sam chuckles. “So maybe you should go ask him.”
“You little cutie,” he sighs, and watches a handful of people running past the gazebo, jackets and newspapers held over the head to stay dry. Not that they succeed, but it’s still amusing to see them try. “Figures I’d get fucked the only day I let Pepper guilt trip me into doing this.”
“What happened?” she asks immediately. “Do we need to call the lawyers, or the police? Tony, what's wrong? What did you do?”
“It’s a fucking week till Christmas and I’m--” Tony’s mouth snaps shut with a click of teeth, followed by a brittle curve of his lips. “You’re a tough nut to crack, Cap,” he says eventually, and Steve wonders if he can feel the way Steve’s heart suddenly feels like it wants to beat right out of his chest.
The blond’s smile softens. “You’ll be fine, I promise. Scout’s honor.”
“...No.”
“Yep, all covered,” Tony says confidently. “I bought books.”
“You’re... okay with this, right?”
hate you.”
“Bite me.”
Tony gives him a smug grin. "See? I'm not the weak one, Rogers. Suck it up and be a man."
“Using your tech to get a date, boss?”
"Keep goin' and I'll let you know," Steve pulls him in a little more, and this close, Tony can see every sinfully long lash fanned out against the cheek he then presses the next kiss to.
“You kill
“Go find me a shirt, you jerk.”
“What? Keep going.”
Warnings: NONE.
“Yep,” he pops the ‘p’, and then, “You
“Why not? You’d make a good owner,” she says, and Tony laughs so hard he has to put coffee down to keep it from spilling.
“Guess you’re gonna have to sell some of them properties you’ve got,” Steve points to the corner of the board Tony owns. “So what’ll it be? Pennsylvania Avenue, maybe?”
“Tony?”
Tony scoffs. “Contrary to popular belief, you’re not actually the boss of me.”
Strong arms wrap themselves around him, and Tony breathes in the scent of clean laundry and maple syrup. “Don’t apologize,” Steve says. “It was sweet of ya to help. And now we know: no whisks during breakfast, right?”
“Steve--”
Stony Christmas prompt #21: "I need you here."
…What he said. [
“You know I’d love to,” Steve replies, and hopes Tony hears every bit of truth in his words. Because he really would love to– he’d love to sit next to Tony on the plane, to have the brunet’s head on his shoulders like he does now, to see him exuding that genius and charm Steve loves so much. He’d love to sneak Tony away from his work for an afternoon and have lunch at some hole-in-the-wall restaurant no one would think of looking them in, both of them smiling when their fingers brush as they walk down an old, crowded street.
Tony scoffs. “I like you better when you’re not talking.”
(Only TWO MORE PROMPTS after this one, and then I'll be all caught up! :D *sobs quietly*)
Jarvis chuckles. “No sir. Just Jarvis, or Mr. Jarvis, if you will. Miss Stark is very fond of your brother.”
“Aw, well ain’t you sweet, apple pie?”
Warnings: NONE.
“And maybe there’d be some tears--”
“Language.”
Tony stare, breathes, and nods. “We do,” he answers, and the Captain smiles in relief.
“I’d say I’m sorry but
Tony lets out a loud, uncontrollable giggle, and leans forward to bury his head in Steve’s shoulder when it almost turns into a sob. “It’d be f-faster to just punch him, y’know.”
“Sorry to disappoint.”
“Dis twee is worthy!” Thor deems. Tony’s definitely seen nicer trees, and he’s pretty sure Steve thinks so too, but neither of them say a word as their Captain uncovers the axe they’d brought.
“Thanks,” Steve says, his smile is sweet as ever, and Tony wants to kiss him so much, it hurts.
“Yeah?” he blinks, and damn it, his eyes are burning. Again.
, he thinks, as the doors open and he steps through.
“Don’t talk to me.”
“Frankly, I’m surprised it’s taken you this long.”
“What?” Steve asks, and Tony has to tell himself that’s not disappointment he hears in his voice.
And oh,
“Of course you are,” Tony says, and Natasha just
“Hey, I can’t blame you,” he says. “It’s not the first time anyone’s been intimidated by my stunning good looks--”
“So,” Pepper sighs, stepping past Tony and into the main room of the Caesar’s Palace Presidential Suite. “Where is he?”
“I thought so,” Tony grins smugly, taking a sip from his champagne glass.
“You better. I don’t throw my plans away for anyone else, big guy,” Tony says, just as he steps back to pull open the box and pull out the ring nestled inside. “I can’t believe I’m giving this to you in our pajamas, Christ...”
It’s over all too soon, though, and Tony reluctantly pulls away to meet those bright blue eyes again. “That was, uh...”
!” Rhodey mumbles into Tony’s shoulder.
Oh, Steve’s pretty sure in trouble.
"No, even if it did take me longer to see ya."
!” Rhodey whoops.
“Aren’t you proud of us, Stevie?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Tony--” The sound of footsteps follows Tony as he runs down the hall toward the elevator, faster and heavier.
“At least change your clothes,
“Don’t care.”
“I swear we watched that two fucking weeks ago,” Tony groans, but he looks more than content with his head nestled on Steve’s shoulder, so no one takes his words to heart.
But it’s Steve Tony can’t look away from, because the blond’s not smiling at the camera like Tony was. No, Steve has his head turned towards him, eyes closed as he presses his lips to the side of Tony’s head.
“Tony–”
v“You mean my
"Shut up,” Tony scoffs immediately, but Steve doesn’t miss the beautiful blush that settles across his face. “Who’s not makin’ sense now?”
And he fucking wants in.
"Just so we're clear, was it your James or my James?"
“You in a pizza mood? Or hot dogs? Or Chinese?”
As soon as she’s alone again, Pepper stuff the magazines in her bag, grabs her coat, and leaves.
“I can always tell when you’re starin’ at me.”
“Why don’t you answer some questions for us first?” Agent May moves closer to the table.
Tony wants to ask him if he thinks all of this is worth it. If he thinks Tony’s worth it. He wants it so much, it almost hurts.
- - - - -
“There’s a bed callin’ our name, genius,” he finally breathes out, and Tony’s too tired to bother excusing the blush that floods his cheeks.
“We’ll do whatever you want, cupcake. Trees, skating, snowball fights-- whatever you want.”
“Get out of my way, Buck.”
“Don’t flatter yourself,” Steve finds himself smirking, even as his heart skips a beat when the man just raises an eyebrow.
“You’re probably right, though,” Steve says gloomily. “The last thing I want is to get you sick, too.”
“Oooh, so cold,” Ty winces playfully. “I was hoping you’d be out your little funk by now. It’s getting annoying.”
pick a name like that,” he says, rolling his eyes at the shy, pleased smile Steve gives him.
“I see it, babe.”
Tony blinks, then turns to the woman next to him. “So you’ve finally turned on me.”
“You betcha, sweet cheeks. Who else’s art am I gonna hang up on my top floor, CEO office wall huh? I don’t want anything shitty, no, no– I’m gonna have you
“You couldn’t if you tried.”
Steve barely has time to look up from his sketchbook before something small and dark hits his chest, and he’s about to ask Tony what’s the matter when he looks down and realizes what he’s just been hit with.
He has his phone out before he knows it, and even with trembling hands and blurry eyes, he still finds the right button to press-- he could find it with his eyes closed, for all the times he uses it-- and then brings it to his cheek except
Tony pecks his cheek. “Is that so?”
Tony doesn’t bother lifting his head from Steve’s shoulders. “I guess it’s... nice. If this is your kind of thing,” he says, looking out at the vast forest spread out beneath the cliff they’re sitting on. The sunrise is softer than he’d expected, tempered by the cloudy sky above, and despite the winter morning chill, he feels very little outside the arm pressing him to the blond’s side. “You could totally rock the whole rugged, mountain man thing, y’know.”
For a single, terrifying moment, he’s back in the caves, back in Afghanistan with the heat and the fear, the endless pain of the
“Love you too, Cap.”
“I like the sound of that,” Steve chuckles, groaning in relief when they reach their new apartment door. “C’mon, babe, help a fella out.”
But Steve just lifts Tony’s chin until he has no other choice. “Y’know I’m not mad, right?” he asks.
“What time’s it?”
“Okay,” is all she says, and goes back to diligently pouring tea for the rest of stuffed animals crowded around the table. Tony lets out a laugh, soft and full of awe, Steve feels every part of his body finally relax.
“Tony–”
Tony sits up so fast, he almost gets vertigo. “Steve--”
"Yes, sir," he says, and leans the rest of the way to take Steve's lips with his own, slow and whisper-soft. Steve's arms feel like warm sunlight around his waist, and not for the first time, Tony thinks he could stay there forever, with his bare feet on the cold wooden floor and the smell of coffee and Steve and home in his lungs.
Steve shakes his head. “No, I said--”
“It was
“Hush, you,” Steve jostles him. “It didn’t bother me, most times. I had Bucky and my Ma, and I drew and read, and baked. But sometimes, I used to sneak out the house at night, and I’d climb on the roof and stay there for a couple of hours, with my blankets. I used to look up at the stars, and… I’d feel like I could be anything.”
After ten breaths, he forces his feet forward, and the smell of old books hits him before he even steps further inside. Mr. Erskine, the librarian, waves at him from over the counter, and Tony gives him a practiced grin before ducking into the first aisle. He thumbs over endless book spines as he makes his way down, and tries to find the rhythm in his lungs.
Is there anyone you can trust anything with?
“Don’t flatter yourself, honey bunch,” Tony mouths against Cap’s shoulder. “It’s the food I love.”
America wants to know if you’re as good a team as you say you are.
Tony can’t help but bury his face in the blond’s neck, savoring the warmth and the mere presence of the love of his life.
“Sorry to keep you waiting,” he says.
Steve nods. "I’m just... tired,” he says, running a hand over his freshly-showered hair as he stretches out along the couch. He closes his eyes in what can only be contentment, and Tony takes advantage of it, his own eyes flying over every inch of his Captain’s body. He doesn’t realize he’s timed the rise and fall of Steve’s chest with his own, until the blond peeks open an eye and turns it to him.
“Because it’s always going to be you. Every time.”
“Couldn’t get past the first sentence. Are you sure you didn’t already have a concussion--”
"God, you're can be such a fucking child sometimes."
The woman looks at him with what Tony can only describe as pure, unadulterated adoration, before chuckling in amusement. “Sorry to disappoint ya, but this is all our fault. We have way too much free time.”
“Yep,” Tony pops the p, and then kisses Steve. “I dream about holding you and kissing you,” he moves down to mouth at Steve’s neck, “and fucking you on our bed. And just… being with you.”
Steve smiles into Tony’s hair even as his eyes stay closed. The feeling of cool crisp sheets is rivaled only by the warm, delicious touch of Tony’s hands on his chest, and lower… “Now?”
“Thank you.”
“Sure, big guy,” Tony says, and finds that he means it.
“Things happen, Tony. And they already apologized.”
“I’m done,” Natasha says.
Only to bump into a firm chest. “Rhodey–”
“I know--”
It’s almost disconcerting.
“Tell him. How you feel,” he says again, looking down at the soothing rise and fall of the knife in his hand, and feels a flash of triumph when he hears Tony’s breath hitch.
Tony has an almost infinite music library, and there are songs he knows he’s never even heard in there somewhere, but then one day, while he’s in the workshop he looks up and
“Steve?”
“Wh-- wait, what?” Tony breathes, and feels his heart skip a beat when Steve pulls out a folded paper from behind him. “Rogers--”
Well, not
“It’s just you and me out here. No room for chance.”
Steve stares at him, eyes bleary with sleep but still a breathtaking shade of blue. “Tony.”
“You arrogant little
“I can’t, uh... The year it happened, that Christmas, I can’t-- can’t remember a single fucking second of it, y’know. The next one was, um... just as bad, to be honest,” he lets out a broken, bitter laugh. “I’m... sometimes, I’m so fucking glad I can’t remember. I spent a couple of the other years away-- those ended up being worse, actually. It’s easier now, but... Anyway, I’m-- I think I’m better now? Well, maybe that’s... not the right word. But at least I’m not drinking myself half dead anymore, and I can actually set foot in the cemetery without fucking losing it. But I still miss her. And that’ll never go away... will it?”
“Captain America never lies,” Steve shoots back with a wink, even though his cheeks flush as he does it.
” Tony mumbles, then, “
“Mrs. Carmichael’s eight year-old granddaughter–”
"Yes--" Pepper starts, but Tony interrupts her.
He does it again a few more times, and when nothing happens, he resigns himself to the fact that he’s going to have to find the little beast himself. He checks every inch of his apartment twice, and when there’s no sign of Jarvis, he finally starts to worry. As much as he’d resisted at first, he’s finally gotten used to the little fur ball, and the thought of him hurt or missing only makes Tony look again.
Steve pokes his daughter’s side until she giggles. “Definitely not as exciting as tea time with Little Miss Sunshine here, though.”
No people.
“Can’t think of anywhere else I’d rather be,” Steve says, and leans down to capture Tony’s lips with a smile.
“Well, my Ma hasn’t had to patch you up lately, so I’d say yes.”
“Thank you,” is all he can say, voice rough and raspy over the lump in his throat, and he prays Steve hears everything he feels he can’t say yet.
reruns that have him walking back to his door with a grin so wide, his cheeks almost ache.
"What were you aiming at?!"
“Shhh,” Barnes winces. “Yer s’loud...”
“I thought you’d want to see ‘em gushing over her some more,” Steve laughs. “Besides, Christmas mornings are for family.”
- - - - -
“They’re… Doing that thing that they do, when you want to laugh,” Steve explains meekly, hunching his bony shoulders like he wants make himself smaller than he is.
“Then get up here so we can seal the deal, will ya?”
,” he rasps, hands curling into fists that he buries in the sheets next to his Captain.
“No manners,” Steve sighs, walking back to the couch. “Kids these days...”
“Only because you look fucking gorgeous in an apron,” Tony purrs.
“Yeah,” he breaths.
,” the AI responds, and then– “
"Or you can fuck me if you want, it’s fine, I just need you back in our bed."
“Who told you?” Tony rasps, and oh, his heart is beating so hard now, hard and fast and terrifyingly pained. He’s sure the other two can hear it. “N-no one knows–”
“She’s sleeping.”
Almost immediately, he’s pulled into a warm embrace, and he buries his face into the familiar chest just as he makes sense of the words being whispered into his ear.
Tony catches Steve’s grin, and smiles back. “Takes one to know one, kiddo.”
“Should you put out a press release, then? Or call Pepper?”
“Wanna say hi to Auntie Pepper, baby?” Steve asks, grinning when their daughter reaches out to grip his finger.
Tony swallows the lump in his throat with ease. “You would’ve liked her.”
“I will end you, Rogers,” Tony warns, pushing the blond off, and he hopes Steve doesn’t notice how breathless the words sound. “
“Tony?”
“What, fall ass backwards? I know.”
“You drink almost more coffee than me-- and I’m practically ninety percent coffee at this point, Rogers. You wear a hoodie any time it's below sixty degrees, and you always have socks on, no matter what. You don't use ice, for fuck's sake, Steve. I'm a genius.”
Even Barnes and Wilson, caught up in a card game across the room, raise their hands.
Steve rolls his eyes, and then startles another laugh from Tony’s lips as he takes the entire tray. “Where’s yours?”
And again.
“Get Natasha, then.”
Tony’s pretty sure the whole damn world’s got nothing on this man because Christ on a fucking cracker, this is the most beautiful human being Tony’s ever seen.
“Stop shoutin’, Steve, I’m okay!” Barnes calls out, and Tony looks up just as the most beautiful man he’s ever seen walks into the waiting room, gorgeous arms crossing over a massive chest as turns a glare at him.
Steve’s sure as hell kissing him back now, hot and hard and a little dirty, and so much better than Tony ever imagined. Then Steve licks his way into Tony’s mouth, and oh wow,
“Why– Jesus… Hey, look at me,” Steve says, and even though it’s not harsh by any means, there’s something commanding in the way he says it that has Tony obeying. The blue eyes he finds looking down at him, burning with purpose and determination, make him breathless. “I’ll say it as many times as you need to hear, alright? You are our friend and we are yours. We care about you and worry about you, and we’re gonna do it forever. And if someone’s hurting you, you can bet your ass we’re gonna fuck them up–”
“‘s why they dropped me in week two, remember?” Bucky grins. “Don’t do anything stupid while I’m gone, punk.”
Stony Christmas prompt #8: "You were worth it."
“Really? You gonna tell our daughter that?” Steve smirks.
“Don’t worry, Captain,” Pepper speaks up. “I’ll hold down the fort.”
“It’s gonna happen eventually,” Tony sighs. “And when it does, I’m gonna gloat so fu--”
But Steve just shakes his head, and smiles Tony’s favorite smile. “Not a chance, Stark.”
“Your thinking voice?”
“Haven’t seen Cap do that in a while,” the man says.
“I do,” Steve nods, blue eyes steely with determination. He looks every inch the Captain, even bed-ridden and in a hospital gown. “I love you, I–”
“I can barely feel you.”
- - - - -
Steve’s blush is perfection. He still hasn’t let go of Tony’s wrist, and the whisper soft touch of his thumb on Tony’s pulse is almost maddening. “You think I’m pretty?”
“Your lips all chapped--”
“Why?”
“Because it’s your first day of work and I told you I’d be here to support you and
“So romantic,” Steve deadpans, but when he turns his head to press his lips together, both of them are smiling.
Pepper rolls her eyes. "Okay, fine, I'll go first-- I'm a hell of a lot more coherent than you, anyway. Listen, sweetie, we've known it for years."
Pepper hears Natasha faintly swearing in Russian, the sound of a brief scuffle, and then Steve’s low hesitant voice. “
Prompt (ask on tumblr): "GIVE ME A REASON IS MY STONY ANTHEM AND I WOULD JUST DIE IF YOU COULD MAYBE PLEASE WRITE A LITTLE FICLET INSPIRED BY THAT IT'S JUST SOMETHING I NEED."
“Steve, it’ll look better in the corner.”
“This should be crazy,” Steve shakes his head. “We just met, and I put you in the
“How ya feelin’, baby?” He looks down, brushing his thumb against Pete’s tiny fingers when his son looks up at him, smile shaky but real.
“Babe, it’s not like you’re gonna do anything else today,” Tony points out. “You’re sure as hell not leaving this room.”
There’s a sharp, low sigh that very obviously leaves Maria’s lips, but the camera doesn’t leave baby Tony as she speaks next. “
“It takes one to know one, Brooklyn.”
“Glad I could be of service,” he says, grin still in place.
“Y’were probably…” he tightens his grip around a fistful of Steve’s shirt. “I didn’t mean to just barge in and interrupt–”
"We were arr...arrest'd," Barnes says.
“...I know what you’re doing.”
Warnings: NONE.
“Hmm?”
And then... there's Jarvis, who's developed a rapport with Steve that Tony finds alarming. He's affectionate and calm and
But then Tony brings the mug to his lips, and takes a sip.
“Come on, then,” he finally says, with more aplomb than he feels. “Let’s get this shit done. There’s a pizza from Marcelo’s with your name on it, sunshine.”
Steve nods. “Yes, sir.”
“Zip it, and you won’t have to find out.”
, there’s his baby, sitting on the edge of the balcony of the apartment next to him, less than ten feet away. How he got there, Tony’s not even going to try to guess, but he doesn’t even think twice before leaping over onto the other balcony.
” comes the unmistakably amused voice, and with a shout, Tony grins up at the ceiling, suddenly looking more lively than he has all day.
“Oh, well forgive me if I’m too busy hosting this thing to spend every minute of it next to you,” Tony says. “Sure looked like you were having fun a couple of minutes ago with Sharon, anyway. And Nat. And Pep.”
“You did all of this for me?”
Steve moves closer, and this time, Tony stays where he is. “Tony--”
“Fuck you, Stark.”
“Tony?”
She doesn’t, and Tony flees into the workshop, locks it down, and skips the interview.
be doing this herself.”
“Be nice to me, then, and say yes.”
Tony bites back a curse as he feels his eyes start to burn. “I love you too, darling.”
Steve tries not to look over. Again. He really does. “What kind do you think he likes?”
“Chr’smas trees,” Barnes repeats. “‘n cold. Not
“I feel like... maybe none of that matters to you,” Steve says, and when his chin trembles, Tony just breaks all over again.
“We’ll do it. God, you’re cute when you ramble,” Tony says, “and at this point, I have no problem saying that I’d really fucking like to spend more time with you.”
“Nothing wrong with that,” Mr. Rogers says kindly.
“Damn fucking right. Now get down here and kiss me again.”
“Good morning, gorgeous,” he whispers.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes you are, you’re my little worm. And my princess, my sunshine, my tiny little cappuccino–”
“Don’t wear out my name, Stark.”
“I’m telling the truth–”
“We don’t know,” Coulson sighs. “More than any of us, most likely.”
“Fuck,” he breathes, limbs sagging like a doll. “Fuck, fuck, fuck.”
Steve’s eyes are big and wide and worried, and so fucking blue that Tony almost starts crying again because Jesus, this man is the most beautiful thing Tony’s ever seen and heard and touched and known, and
Tony takes a breath. “Okay, first, I need to know if I’m, uh... reading this wrong.”
“Let me guess-- chicken tikka masala?”
“Bring it on, hubby,” Tony whispers against Steve’s lips, but just as he’s leaning in the rest of the way, the elevator jerks to a stop, doors opening to the dark silence of their living room.
“Stop your whinin’ Shellhead,” Steve chuckles. “I saved you
“And here I thought you loved me.”
“Okay, but look, baby. Point one: she wanted one--”
, and Tony can see the passion every time he talks about being an artist.
“Cap.”
“Barton can go find new friends to mooch off of.”
It’s absolutely
“Language,” Steve mumbles from right behind him, and Tony glares at him over his shoulder with blurry eyes.
“You. Always you.”
“That last time was totally Rhodes’ fault,” Barnes laughs, clapping said boy’s back. “Crazy sunnuva bitch.”
“Somethin’ like that,” Steve replies. “Things got a little… hard for a while.”
“You changed,” the Captain says, voice soft as it’d been before. It sounds so simple when he says it, like it’s the truth, and Tony would believe him, too, except he’s Tony Stark.
“Nothing. God knows it looks fucking gorgeous on you. I mean, really, I’ve never looked better, even if it’s just the helmet.”
“Free... cuddles?”
Tony bites his lip, and looks away. “All I want for Christmas is you.”
Tony’s not expecting anyone to be in the kitchen at five in the morning, but even then, the sight of Steve Rogers buttering toast by the counter is not surprising.
“That doesn’t make it okay! And if you think I would
“Jesus Christ,” Rhodey groans, and throws a cushion Tony’s way. “I swear I’ll walk out if you keep talking.”
Steve’s voice never wavers as he details out the plan with the team, blue eyes as serious and steady as he’s ever been.
But Pepper’s had a weakness for cats for as long as he’s known her--
“Aw, don’t be shy, sweet cheeks,” he coos, only to let out a yelp when Steve pulls him close and all but buries Tony under his warm, disgustingly firm bulk. “What the f--
And yes, pun intended.
“Take your time, big guy. Really.”
“You need to wake up because I can’t do this without you.”
“Wh-- I’m fine, babe,” he nods, leaning up to press a kiss to Steve’s jaw. A part of him wants to run the fuck away, to scream and rage because damn it, this shouldn’t be possible, this is the last wound he needs reopened.
“You always do, Miss Potts,” Steve’s smile is all charms. “I should definitely head on out now, though. The sooner we go, the sooner we can get back.” He shakes her hand, and turns back to Tony. “Be good, okay?”
“I have no idea how you managed to swallow all of that, by the way.”
Steve grins, even as the air leaves his lungs. “Uh huh. Too late to back out now, mister.”
The camera’s view turns and stays on a blank space of the wall, and Tony only just hears Steve speak lowly. “Maybe we should just–”
- - - - -
“Have you lost your mind?”
Tony gasps. “What language, Captain...”
Warnings: NONE.
’ that falls from his lips comes out quiet and whisper-soft.
“Which picture is it?” He asks softly. There’s a moment of silence, and then--
Steve’s grin is bright and boyish, and so beautiful, Tony wants to cry. “I’m so happy you made it.”
“Aw, but I got you a present, sunshine,” says a warm, familiar voice, and Steve almost shivers when his eyes rise to meet gorgeous brown ones.
“You come wif me?” Peter asks, and the way his voice quivers slightly makes Tony sweep him into his arms moments later, peppering kisses to his cheeks and hair.
“Always,” Tony swears, and brings them closer once more.
“I miss you.”
get used to spending all day doing that,” Tony breathes, all dark eyes and wickedly curved lips.
“You’re ridiculous,” Steve says softly, even as he feels his face grow hot.
Tony resists the urge to coo at his bed-ridden husband, and tosses him the tissue box instead. “Yes, sir,” he says. “And remember to stay in your bubble. I don’t want your super soldier flu killing me.”
“When I woke up, I had nothing. I had no one,” Steve says softly, and as a cold shiver than runs down his spine at the memories, he tugs Tony just a little bit closer. “But now I have a team-- a family. I have a home,” his voice wavers, eyes stinging with tears that he doesn’t let fall. “You gave that to me. I don’t need anything else. I can’t imagine ever wanting anything else.”
“Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do,” Barnes gives them a lazy salute as he limps out of the room.
“Oh pipe down, Tin Man– you could buy a million of ‘em.”
“What the fuck happened to
“Tell me about it, then.”
Through the rush of blood in his head, Steve hears the horrifyingly familiar voice of his best friend, and sure enough, when he braves himself to look up...
“Merry Christmas,” he says, smiling at his husband, then presses his lips to his daughter’s cheek. “Best present right here, huh? Yes you are, princess, just the best.”
“I want you to come with me this time. Just us. We’ll make it a day thing?”
“Well, this is a first.”
“What are you talking about?” Steve asks, but then he looks over Tony’s shoulder and--
“I’m flattered, Captain,” the brunet purrs. “I’ll admit, this is a bit of a shock--”
Tony can only nod.
Like all born and bred New Yorkers, Tony’s knowledge of organized crime is, at the very least, a general awareness. Unlike most born and bred New Yorkers, it doesn’t stop there for him.
“Something small,” Tony replies. “It’s for my PA– well, she’s not my PA. Not anymore. Turns out I make a shit CEO. Anyway, she seems like a… little dog person.”
“That sounds perfect,” Tony moans, grunting softly when their baby splays herself out on top of him like a starfish.
“Y’still haven’t told me your favorite song,” he says.
“...You’re doing so well with him, y’know.”
“And you thought, what, like father, like son?”
, his mind corrects him, and Steve wonders if there’ll ever come a time where he
“‘Cause I know I’m pretty much half dead by the time you go off on your disgusting little runs, but right now I’m seriously debating whether or not you’re actually awake–”
Things don’t change very much after that.
“For this,” is what he ends up saying.
Steve smiles again. “Good choice, kiddo. But you should probably get that homework done first, alright?”
“It was,” Steve whispers. His face is the most delicious shade of pink. “Mostly.”
And so hot, it almost blows his mind.
“Didn’t know you were so eager to have a baby with me,” Steve smirks, ignoring the shiver that runs through him at the thought.
-  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
“You must be pretty relieved, though, right? At least they’re not around for you to disappoint anym–”
“Only for you,” Steve says, more than a little breathless, and when Tony remembers what Rhodey’d told him only minutes earlier, he suddenly feels something close to hope bubble up inside him.
“This isn’t much better,” Tony raises his eyebrows. “Who’re you up against? And don’t insult me by lying. You want my help, I’m gonna wanna know what you know.”
“Yes, gorgeous?”
The large, cream colored envelope had felt heavy in Tony’s hand. Now it sits, unopened, on the passenger’s seat as he makes the short drive to Steve’s house, but Tony still feels a weight in his chest.
“Just Pep,” Tony says.
Jesus Christ…
“Not the only plan I have for your ass tonight, y’know,” Steve whispers.
Tony can’t help the grin that blooms on his face as his hand finds Steve’s. “I love you, too.”
brushing against his heart, he knows it’s true. “But you can bet we’ll be having words later, Shellhead.”
“Do it again.”
“It’s an absolute wonder you ever get anything done, if this is what you’re like all the time.”
“You’re always such a cuddle bear in the mornings,” Steve chuckles. “I love it.”
“Like… this,” Tony lifts his hand until his fingers almost touch the painting. “There’s so much here, but I can’t– I can’t look away.”
Bucky nods solemnly. “Her name is
"Let me go," Stark growls.
“Well, who wouldn’t,” Tony says, and Steve can hear the smile in his voice. “And why are you up, anyway? Missin’ me already?”
“Tony--”
“He’s gorgeous,” Steve says, his smile bright and happy and everything Tony always wants him to be. “Thank you.”
"But... fuck, how do I-- okay, I'm just gonna, y'know, say it. Don't laugh."
“Hm?”
“I feel like– like I have to… prove something. Like I have to tell people I’m good enough to win and be up there with you, and I just don’t care. I’ve been putting up papers all over campus, and… God, I don’t know why I let Jan waste her time making ‘em. I’m so fucking tired.”
- - - - -
“Stark--”
“Doesn’t bother me,” he replies, tucking his enormous body inside. “Come on, then. Y’can sleep on top ‘f me.”
“Too late for that, Stark. Might as well go all out, and maybe if we’re all lucky you can join ‘em–”
Steve grins. “Jealous?”
"You should see my studio right now," he interjects lightly, after a moment of hesitation, and knows it was the right thing to say when Tony visibly relaxes at the change of subject, the curve of his lips softening into something relieved and grateful.
“It was a nice day--”
“It makes
“Fuck you, Stark” Clint crows from the other side of the table, cheeks bulging out like a hamster. “Y’snooze, y’lose!”
“I hope not,” he says. “Otherwise, this dating thing’s off to a bad start.”
“Steve’s MIA.”
Warnings: NONE.
“Maybe. But I’m onto you now, Mr. Stark,” Steve smirks, and then he’s pressing Tony up against the elevator again, close enough that their noses brush against each other once, then twice. “And I don’t like to lose.”
“Tony–”
,” Tony replies. “Beggars can’t be choosers, and all. Not that we’re begging for villains and monsters and shit, but... honestly, this month’s been a
Tony just looks back down at their team with a raised eyebrow. "How come, sugar plum?"
“What?” Tony says, and ignores every single glare currently aimed his way.
New drabble inspired by SM:HC! :)
Natasha smiles, and takes the hand he holds out with unquestionable trust.
“I want coffee!”
] He’s home.
“Yeah, I see ‘em every time I come over,” Tony smirks. “Framed and everything, you’re adorable.”
“B’nana!”
“Wonderful,” Tony says, and winks as he walks away, hips swaying much more than Steve thinks they usually do, but hey.
The silence is just a little more calm this time, but there’s no mistaking the tense line of Steve’s body.
“--bout you go pick out a seat for the day while I talk to your dad for a sec, yeah? Then you can tell me all about your awesome backpack.”
“What if–” Tony starts, but Steve cuts him off.
“I hate this.”
“I think we’re just lucky.”
This was inspired by a picture posted on the "Bringing Food to the Lab" Stony community on imzy, in Monday's donate-a-prompt thread (idk how to link lmao, but here's the url: https://images.imzy.com/prod/inline/bringing-food-to-lab-stony-monday-donate-prompt-izxunfya-comment-1488805976834.png).
“Yes sir,” Steve smirks, eyes suddenly hooded and dark with desire.
“You’ll be fine,” Barton sighs.
“Yes, tater tot?”
“Wonder why.”
He can only nod.
Who makes it the best?
Tony doesn’t even try to hold back the proud smile, beaming as his daughter’s wide-eyed gaze travels all over Pepper’s face. “Are you surprised, with genes like those?” he jerks his head at Steve, who rolls his eyes even as he blushes.
“Oh fuck no,” Tony almost growls. “Don’t pull that shit on me, Rogers. Something like this happens again, I better find out asap. Am I fucking clear?”
-------------------
“You’re such a fucking saint,” Tony grumbles.
Tony holds out until two in the morning.
‘When’?
“Imma
“Yeah?”
kitchen, guys,” he hears, and they both turn to see Clint leaning against the entrance, looking utterly unimpressed.
“Just sixty minutes, darling.”
“– because someone made me carry everything yesterday–”
“But let’s face it, I’ll be the one actually taking care of it.”
Steve looks stunned.
when,
“Uh huh,” Peter nods, tongue peeking out the corner of his mouth as he stuffs his tiny feet into his tiny, red Converse. Tony doesn’t bother helping, because even at four, his son’s determined to do as much on his own as he can. “Daddy?”
"That's one word for it," Steve chuckles again.
“Oh, quit fretting,” Peggy says good-naturedly. “You boys are so easy to rile up, and I’ve only just met you. I think I’m going to like it here.”
Seems like a small price to pay for living with Captain America.
“I can’t help it,” Steve says simply, shrugging those indecently broad shoulders into the corner of Tony’s worn out couch. He’s stretched out all the way from end to end, six plus feet of absolute perfection, and when Tony’s heart gives a pathetically happy little pang, he barely manages to trample the urge to march over and climb on top of all those comfortingly familiar muscles.
I bought you another one.
, his mind drawls lasciviously.
“Call it then, Cap,” he finally says, fingers tightening around the steering wheel in anticipation.
“Steve–” Tony’s voice is as breathless as he’s ever heard it.
Tony feels his lips quirk up into a familiarly wicked grin. “Ooh, Mr. Rogers, wanna draw me like one of your French girls?”
,” Clint says, but when Tony looks over his shoulder at him, the archer’s eyes are fixed on him, knowing and smug and utterly unbearable.
“It happens. But you can bet I gave as good as I got.”
“Don’t,” Tony pleads, but Steve’s hand keeps his weapon steadily aimed at Tony’s chest.
“You betcha. There’s no way I’m lettin’ this bunch drink without a lid– the recliner still stinks of grape soda,” Steve says, shuddering in disgust as he stealthily passes them out to their teammates.
Steve rolls his eyes, but looks shy and pleased all at once. “I feel a little ridiculous, to be honest.”
Anyway, Tony’s not completely clueless, but he never thought he’d ever come face to face with the guy. Life’s always liked screwing around with Tony, though, and now he’s trying not to shiver from the cold seeping into the chair through his suit. He spares a look at Red— as he’s taken to calling his captor in his mind— and yep, she’s still standing.
“It’ll almost be worth the trouble we’re goin’ through now, huh?” Steve asks.
“Steve--”
Tony keeps them all, and has to breathe through the longing every single one of them brings.
“A mission is a mission,” Steve says, and then turns to give Tony a grin. “Plus, I’ve got a little present for ya.”
“Do either of you care if they actually win?” Rhodey groans.
“You said…” Steve takes a breath and swallows the lump in his throat. “You were saying that you didn’t want to be with me anymore, that you… that you love me, but you can’t do this.”
,” Steve sends a quick, stern look at their team immediately before turning back to Tony, and the look on the man’s face-- like he’s seconds away from bolting-- has him speeding things up. “Okay, next batter up. Bruce, buddy?”
” Steve sings.
“Sure thing, sugar,” Tony reaches up to bop Steve’s nose, and then yelps when Steve lunges forward and wraps an arm around his waist. “Hey!”
“Uh, I’m sorry,” Tony narrows his eyes, hip cocked out as he leans against the kitchen counter, his body inches away from where Steve is standing. “Did you just
“So how’re we gonna do this?” Sam asks. “And where’s Rhodes–”
“For...”
“Does it bother you?”
“Just so we can see something we’ve seen every year since we were born--”
But there’s no Howard at the ceremony; just his mom discreetly wiping away tears as he gives the speech he’s making up on the spot, and Jarvis, who holds up a camera and gives him a proud thumbs up as Tony accepts his diploma. It’s probably just as well, because Tony can’t imagine that his dad wouldn’t find a way to ruin everything.
He puts them inside a sketchbook, wraps it carefully, and keeps it with him for the entire party. More than once, Steve eyes him oddly, but Tony just waves him off.
“But, Cap–”
Tony’s hand freezes inches from the doorknob, and when he turns back around, the woman’s eyes are as wild as he knows his own are.
“-- or what kind of underwear--”
“Sorry to say that hasn’t changed much.”
“I’m sure he’s not that bad,” Steve says, and oh.
“Yeah, sure,” Tony says vaguely. “Can I–” he reaches up to pick at a corner of the gauze, only to have his hand slapped away softly.
“Okay,” Tony breathes. “So, uh… I never thought I’d get to have something like this. Ever. I can’t even remember if there was ever a time when I wanted it. But I remember, uh… I remember looking at myself in the mirror one day– I can’t remember how old I was, y’know– and I remember thinking ‘this is it. It’s just gonna be me, from now on.’ It was easy, and it was clear. I’d pretty much resigned myself to that.”
,” Tony groans, winking when Steve pulls away to glare playfully. “Don’t look at me like that, Winghead.”
The woman is still smiling. “Well, they do run in the family.”
“You don’t say.”
“Yeah?”
From the corner they’re huddled in, Clint, Barnes, and Wilson let out matching groans, and by the time Tony catches Nurse Darcy trying and failing to hide her smile, he can feel the heat flooding his own cheeks.
“You,” Steve says, then slaps a hand over his mouth. He can hear the rest of the team still laughing, but can’t even look away from the bright, triumphant gleam in Tony’s eyes, or the mischievous quirk of his lips.
“Who wouldn’t?” Tony says honestly.
“Mew mew!” Clint crows from the middle row.
“You think I’m pretty?” Steve nudges Tony.
“You’re not as funny as you think you are.”
“S-stop,” he stutters, clenching his fists to keep them from shaking. “Did I…”
“Don’t you think it’d be great to just get out of here for once, and take all the gang upstate? We can set everything up and relax and she can run around in the grass, under the warm sun; she can pet the ponies and maybe sit on one and they’re just
“You know you can’t fight me on this.”
“Steve...”
Tony blinks slowly. “Why?”
Steve returns it with a grin of his own, but before either of them can say anything else, there’s a low, rough groaning from down the hall and seconds later, Tony stumbles in, all bleary eyes and tousled hair and grease-stained clothing.
“Honey...” Tony mumbles, turning further into the pillow to hide his blush.
“I don’t work well with others.” The words are out before Tony realizes, like a reflex that’s been carved into his brain, and he’s beyond believing them, beyond doubting them.
“I have two already, Tony, and they’re old. This one’ll be rowdy soon, I can’t keep him-- no matter how cute he is. I already have enough company,” she says, shaking her head, and there’s a sudden gleam in her eyes that he doesn’t like one bit.
“Y'know, I really like the way you say my name,” the brunet purrs, and when his tongue peeks out to wet his lips, Steve wants to push him up against his car and taste them himself.
“Y’sure you don’t... want...” he starts, only to trail off when Steve reaches around his neck and pulls out two very familiar bits of metal. “Steve...”
. ‘For science!’ is not an acceptable incentive. And if anything, I'd be Ms. Frizzle, because you may have the brains, but you'd make a horrible ginger.”
“You betcha.”
There’s the little things too, of course, that fill in all the spaces in between.
- - - - -
“I hate you all,” he grumbles.
“I like to keep you on your toes,” Steve tells him. “Besides, that’d defeat the whole ‘surprise’ schtick.”
“You’re not allowed to do that.”
“You haven’t taken your eyes off him since he walked through the door.”
Steve's a big, cuddly teddy bear now, and Tony is
“I’m sure I know more about you than you think you know,” the blond tells him.
,” Tony sighs, transfixed by the little puppy’s wriggles and happy pants. “She’s… perfect.”
Steve swallows back a sob, and takes deep breaths until everything falls away.
“Not yet, you haven’t,” the Captain snaps, voice low and rough, and fuck, Tony feels that curl of lust inside grow hotter. Shaggy—or what did Cap call him, Bucky?— howls in laughter, and Red only raises an eyebrow.
“Well… okay, so when I was a kid, I didn’t get out much.”
- - - - -
Sequel to Chapter 83! :)
“Oh, you’re a Red all the way through, huh? But, y’know, I assumed that when I said that you should start talking, we’d both understand that I meant English. So try again.“
“You better be, because I’m not doing this by myself.”
,” he says, and rubs the back of his head bashfully. He can’t remember the last time he felt this shy. “
“Don’ wanna,” Tony grumbles, burrowing further into his sleeping bag to chase the warmth he can feel slipping away. “Cuddle me, ‘m cold.”
Not surprising.
“How d’ya want ‘em?”
“Because of my father? It wouldn’t be the first time,” Tony says.
“…Huh?”
“-- but if you’re reading it the same as me, I hope not,” he says, and Tony wants to kiss him right then and there.
“Wh-- it’s okay, Buck, I’ve got it.”
Steve knows that voice.
“Steve…”
Peter sighs, but when he pulls away, there’s a tiny smile on his face again, and Tony knows he’s going to be okay.
Warnings: NONE.
“Only til’ I get Iron Man, ‘kay? He’s m’favorite,” he says proudly.
“Tony--”
he hisses, but the laughter just gets louder. Tony’s brain doesn’t like it.
She’s just seen the proof, after all.
“You underestimate me. I’ve been here since six,” a familiar voice says, and Tony hears the click of heels a second later as Pepper enters with a thick folder on her arm. “Figured I could try to get to you as soon as possible. It’s a bitch getting him out of his funk when you leave,” she smiles at Steve, who returns it with one of his own, that pleased, ‘aw shucks’ grin that Tony is an absolute goner for.
Summer of Stony prompt #24: “Lay down with me.”
absolutely
“But I see it. How he looks at you. Like you’re the prettiest thing he’s ever seen and he’s still the shrimpy little shit getting his ass kicked in a Brooklyn back alley. Like...you’re everything he’ll never feel good enough to have. Which is bullshit, y’know,” he finally looks back up, shrugging a hell of a lot more casually than he feels. “It’s kinda nauseating to be around you two. In a-- a nice way. It’s... good.”
for you?”
, Tony thinks.
“Thought you hated me,” Steve replies softly.
He doesn’t ever want to do anything except stare at the most beautiful man in the world, whose voice Tony has been hearing ever since he can remember.
“I… we saw, on the news, about Afghani—”
They’re in the middle of the library, and there’s a handful of people within sight, but Steve still kisses Tony like it’s the very first time. He pours every bit of emotion and enthusiasm and love into it, and feels relief rush through him when Tony returns the kiss without hesitation.
Steve tightens his arms around Tony’s waist. “Because no one else’ll put up with being used as your human pillow.”
), there’s plenty of time where Steve’s bearing the brunt of the work-- he’s aware that Stark Industries business often requires Tony’s presence, and Steve doesn’t begrudge him the time he spends down in his workshop, either.
“But twice in one week, Rogers? Makes a guy wonder...” Tony smirks, and then feels his body warm all over when the blond’s eyes fall down to his lips.
“One of the guys in his crew was just brought in– got hit by a beam on his way out of a building, and he got a pretty nasty gash on the head. Almost got concussed.”
-  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -  -
Tony’s breath catches in his chest."
“How did we end up here?”
“I thought you weren’t hungry.”
“Yeah?”
March Prompt #29: “It never gets any easier.”
“I heard that.”
The sun’s well on its way down when they leave the parking lot, tree tied up above the car, and all the kids buckled down inside.
“Hmm?”
“You are,” Steve says, soft and earnest as ever. “Always.”
“And we’ve got someone on the line right now,” he says, pressing the red flashing button in front of him to open the call. “Remember, you guys can always call in and request anything you’d like to hear. You’re on the air, caller.”
Steve leans in towards Tony, brushing shoulders as they eat their own slices. “You’re good with ‘em.”
“That was-- yeah,” the blond says, and Tony should probably stop staring at his lips. “That was—”
,” Tony responds immediately, and means it more than he’s ever meant anything in his life. His daughter reaches over to smack a kiss to his cheek, and wriggles into her original perch atop his chest, breathing low and soft against Tony’s jaw.
“You’re a lot quieter than I thought you’d be.”
Steve turns to the rest of the team. “Avengers, move out,” he grins, and leaves the room. Tony can’t hold back a laugh as his teammates follow him in a straight line, like little baby ducklings after their mother.
“-- even if it belongs to a man in a tin can now--”
Stony Christmas prompt #26: "I don’t know, it just reminded me of you."
“Wh–”
” Steve asks.
“An’ dey take you to duh park!” Clint chirps, and beside him, Natasha lets out a hum of agreement. “An’ Tony takes us to duh park lots!”
“Still,” Pepper sighs, running a finger along the baby’s chubby little cheek. “She looks like a doll!”
“…. Okay, yeah, you’re right,” Tony nods. “I’d much rather be holding this,” he jostles their daughter softly, soothing her when she whines into his neck. “Sorry,
“No, dat one!”
“Yeah,” Tony whispers, running his eyes all over his daughter, just like he’s done a thousand times since she was first put in his arms. “Can I… I can hold her, right?”
Sam chuckles. “That boy’s not gonna know what hit him, Rogers. Trust me.”
“Like hell I am,” Tony says, waving a hand down at the cookies. “What the fuck would I do with all these?”
“You’re welcome,” Tony smirks, only to have his heart skip a beat when Steve turns to him, the now empty slider tray forgotten on the side.
Natasha settles the baby in her arms without hesitation, and kisses her forehead lovingly. “Beautiful.”
The bright, clear voice breaks through the loud bustle around them, and Tony wills his heart to keep a steady rhythm as Steve squeezes through students to reach them. “Hey,” he says, relieved when his voice doesn’t come out as shaky as he suddenly feels.
“Empty threats,” Steve grins. “Now come on, Shellhead– Buck might be a crack shot, but you and I make a damn good team. Let’s go show these bastards who’s boss.”
Steve drops the shield on the floor with a thump, and wastes no time in climbing the bed and crawling atop the soft, cotton sheets covering Tony’s warm, delicious body. “Hi,” he says, smiling into the kiss he’s pulled down into.
,” Steve growls, and Tony doesn’t even have time to take a breath before the blond pounces on him, poking and tickling and swatting him with a cushion.
“No you’re n--
“Toast,” Steve says firmly, but only Pepper can see the absolute joy on his face, and it makes something soft and warm spark inside her, close to her heart.
company?”
“Remember game nights at ol’ Hoffman’s place?”
"I… forgot to turn the oven off back home,” she says slowly, thankfully managing to avoid shifting in her seat as she ignores Clint and James’ confused stares, and meets Tony’s eyes intently. "My brownies…”
“Better to ask forgiveness than to ask permission,” Natasha says. “Now, what’s the plan?”
” Tony stammers, and even though Steve can’t actually see him, he knows the man is fidgeting where he stands. “
He’s pushed into lean but firm arms, and recognizes Natasha’s low hiss of a warning when he struggles against them.
“Apple pie’s his favorite.”
“Steeb!” Bucky yells from across the room, tiny metal arm waving his baby blue card frantically.
Awareness comes slowly, settling over him like a soft, comfortable blanket, but he immediately knows he’s not alone.
“Steve…”
Tony closes his eyes, leans back against the chair. "I can wait. There's no rush," he says, and for now, it's the truth.
“You’re beautiful like this.”
Steve blushes prettily, and then looks around at the boxes scattered around the room. “Alright, so where do we start?”
“You look really sexy when you do that.”
” comes the smooth, low, reply. “
“I didn’t know you were gonna drive through it,” Tony points out. “You had fucking oceans of space! Coulda gone right past it.”
“What?” Tony rasps as he pulls away, but Steve just grabs Tony’s shoulders and growls.
“C’mere,” Steve says, and Tony...
“Thank Jarvis,” Tony says, taking the cat back. “Anyway, it looks like you might be a bit busy with all of this,” he waves at the boxes. He should leave and let Steve handle them...
“Then what–”
In the soft, festive light from their Christmas tree, his eyes looks softer and brighter all at once, and Tony feels that familiar pang of fierce longing all over again. He looks down to hide his flushed cheeks, fiddling with a loose edge from the throw he just realizes he’s been covered with.
Pepper lets out a muffled cry, and in his periphery, Tony sees his husband wiping at his own eyes with the back of his hand.
“Good, it’ll save us some time. Zemo’s been hiding in Germany all this time, but last week, we got intel that he’s back stateside. And it seems he’s got a vendetta.”
“I asked him to go leave Tony with Pepper,” Steve replies. “But you can be damn well sure I’ll let him in on the plan. I don’t want Tony to worry, though…”
Well, obviously, that’s a lie. It’s not like he’s never seen a baby before. But it’s almost always been a passing thing– a quick hug and pass, a pat on the head from an excited fan, even a kiss on the cheek if a parent insisted.
Steve looks down at the chart to hide his smile. “That’ll have to wait, like I said.”
Oh, wow, no faith in me, huh? I don’t even know why we’re friends.
“Bye, Buck!” Steve calls out, an unrepentant grin on his gorgeous face, and Tony almost forgets himself and leans in to kiss it right off. “Tell Fury I’m in good hands!”
“JARVIS,” he calls out.
“Lies. All of ‘em would kill for chance to be pressed up against all this,” Tony gestures to his body with a grin.
“Aren’t we all just the best lookin’ foursome this side of town?” Tony crows, and Steve laughs when the kids strike dramatic poses before they wave goodbye and run inside. “So what’re you planning on being tonight?” he then asks Steve, “Sexy firefighter? Sexy nurse? Sexy
“Nope. Your loss, Rogers-- say goodbye to all my hard work.”
look like you’ve come straight outta my wet dreams.”
Tony shushes him. “Yeah, but they don’t need to know that.”
“Getting better by the minute,” Tony replies, with a pointed pat at the arm settled snugly around his waist.
“You are
“Rhodey?”
“Look at me.”
“Is Bucky...” Steve whispers. “Is he...”
“What’s going o-- Tony, where are we going?” Steve asks him, the faintest hint of exasperation in his voice, but when he doesn’t pull away, Tony just gives him a grin over his shoulder.
March Prompt #15: “I can’t breathe.”
Tony can barely see through the tears in his eyes, but there’s no mistaking the gleaming band in the palm of Steve’s hand when he brings it up between them.
“Those… bedroom eyes,” Steve says, and runs a single finger down Tony’s chest, soft and slow and utterly
He doesn’t bother wiping them dry.
The rain that’d been forecast is nowhere to be seen--not for the next couple of hours, at least--- and Steve feels absurdly, ridiculously thankful for the way it brightens up the common room floor, the floor-to-ceiling windows lighting up the kitchen in soft morning light that seems fitting for what he knows is coming.
Steve rolls his eyes, but doesn’t pull away from Tony’s embrace. “I cannot believe you just bought our daughter a cat.”
. He lets out a giggle that turns to a laugh, that turns into great, big guffaws that leave him breathless and crying into the counter.
Civil Union Fest Prompt #7: “It could be worse.”
“Steve–”
“Get off me.”
, Tony wants to say. Wants to say it so much, it hurts.
Warnings: NONE.
“The VA Clinic in Brooklyn,” Steve answers, after a short pause. “My best friend’s there, and…” he clears his throat, eyes going bright with emotion. “They need as much help as they can get down there.”
“Tony–”
Tony scoffs. “Really?”
“Let’s go, lover boy,” he says, and Steve feels his cheeks burn as Bucky lets out a heaving sigh before opening the door.
, and Tony’s knees all but give up on him.
Tony’s heart skips a beat against his chest, and breathes through the flush that blooms on his cheeks. All he can offer is a soft ‘
“No, with the other Big, Blond and Beautiful who took care of me today.”
Steve has to stop himself from doing that too. “
“I found a waterfall.”
“Nope, shut up. Just sit there and look pretty, baby.”
,” she whispers, and she’s barely done talking when Tony staggers forward to sweep her up into his arms. fingers clenched tightly over the cards even as he presses his lips to Natasha’s curls, breathing loud and shaky.
“To the kitchen,” Steve replies, jostling the brunet to get more giggles out of him. “Didn’t know Cap could fly.”
know, because he’s not in the habit of making acquaintances with the city’s criminal underbelly. But he’s heard a lot about the man, how he runs his part of town like no other, with an efficiency both ruthless and kind. How he will not kill unless one of his own’s been put on the line. In a world of devils, he sounds like an avenging angel— if an angel ever dipped his hand into the business almost as bad as hell.
“Good,” is all Tony can say. “How’s, uh, your art final going?”
“A very late ‘good night’ to you, caller,” Steve says, when he answers the incoming call.
“Is she?” Steve asks, relieved.
Tony puts it off as a one time thing, but it’s not even a whole day before he finds another-- this one, stuck to his bathroom mirror.
by Peter Parker, Guest Writer
“Weird. Never really been the ‘meet-your-mother’ type.”
“Steve… wake up.
“Now look at mine,” Tony smiles, but it’s the one Steve likes least-- brittle and thin, razor sharp. And when he looks back at the sheet in Tony’s hand, he sees why.
Tony looks over the rim of his tablet to find Steve shuffling by one of the kitchen counters. “What’s up, buttercup?”
Tony grins unabashedly at the pair, and then sneaks a glance at Steve from the corner of his eye; thick arms crossed over that deliciously muscled chest, lips pressed together tightly... but his eyes are dancing with unmistakable mirth, and Tony feels his heart give a pathetically happy little lurch before he turns his focus back to his friends.
“What did you do?”
, all five feet of bright blue eyes and flannel pajamas and rumpled hair, and suddenly Tony’s tiny, shriveled up heart feels like it’s breaking because his best friend is right here and
…. there you go…”
“Tony.”
“Sure,” Steve smiles.
“I’m tired of tea.”
Oh my god, Tony, no– no close ups.
On the top branch, of course.
“Oh my god,” Steve sighs, and scrambles to fit his arms into the sleeves of his coat. “Is he okay?”
“I said… I love you.” Steve steps closer again, and his eyes are a sky Tony wants to spend the rest of his life living in.
Well, that happens already– only every once in a while. But if it was something big… [
, Tony,” he says, rolling his eyes.
“That’s not--”
“Uh huh,” their daughter nods decisively. “
“Yes, sir.”
"You were looking forward to this just a second ago, Tony."
When he looks up, he spots Thor, Clint, and Bucky jumping around a decent sized fir ahead. Bucky’s beanie topped head is nodding enthusiastically, and even Bruce is grinning.
“And what if I don’t?”
“No, he’s an idiot too.”
“Lucky for you, honey, I’m too good to be dreamt up,” Tony rasps, croaking out a chuckle when Steve lets out a laugh loud enough to drown out the final fading notes of the current song.
Their girl looks thoughtful for a few moments as she taps her little fingers against her chin, and it’s such a Tony thing to do, Steve can’t help but laugh into his tea cup. Finally, she looks back up at the two of them and nods. “I f’give you, Papa.”
“Come on, Winghead. Puppy’s gotta meet the fam.”
“Well, you’re the one who wanted this,” Tony pokes his chest. “So go out there and show ‘em who’s boss, yeah?”
He can cross messing with the Mafia off his bucket list, now.
“Ha ha,” Steve rolls his eyes, but pulls him closer, and then they’re dancing again around the space Tony just rocked out in. Steve spins him away and brings him back in, and they’re not moving in time with the music for some reason– always a beat or two behind– but it doesn’t matter because Steve keeps humming and chuckling at their antics, and his eyes are bright and clear and
“Always.”
March Prompt #2: “You’re not allowed to do that.”
“Okay,” Steve smiles. “Let’s go, then. Should we shower her later? I’ll check the care guide.”
“Yeah, maybe not,” Steve says. “But what do we do now, genius?”
“Back atcha, stud muffin.”
Tony winks. “You know it, baby.”
It works, mostly, because Steve rolls his eyes and bumps Tony’s shoulder. Figures Steve Rogers would be the only person more stubborn than him. “You’re lucky there’s kids around right now--”
Prompt: “Maybe Tony and Steve being out in the city and it's the coldest night of the year. And there's some kind of explosion near them and it leaves them trapped under the rubble. They're okay, but they have to wait for the rescue team. But it's only getting colder and contrary to popular belief it's not Tony who handles it badly. Steve hates the cold and his trauma doesn't help, so Tony does everything to keep him warm, like giving him all his clothes and hugging him.”
“Interesting morning we’ve had, don’t you think?” Coulson asks, and then holds up a hand when Sam opens his mouth. “Don’t answer that, Wilson. I’ve already informed Ms. Storm that you’ll all be late for Biology, so kindly turn that thing off and follow me, please.”
“What the fuck,” Tony gasps, pulling away, but Steve just keeps going.
“Sounds p-perfect,” Steve replies, voice firmer than it’d been seconds before, and Tony’s chest grows warm with determination.
Steve’s grin softens. “For cheering me up.”
"Hush. I was sayin'--"
“Sorry, am I keeping you up?”
“If you say so.”
“Why does she… Steve.
But Tony notices.
half a second…”
But he has no clue how to get there, and fuck, this is just like Becky Carmichael all over again, back when he was a stupid, prepubescent teen.
“...I wike fudge.”
Tony falls asleep with a smile on his face, and dreams of blue eyes and footballs.
“There is no way you should be just as cute when you’re flustered,” Tony mumbles, and there’s a soft smile on his face Steve doesn’t want to look away from. “I really lucked out today, fuck.”
Steve sighs, and then rolls over to face him. “I am now.”
“Gonna pick one from the Captain America shrine room you’ve got in the basements?” Steve teases, and Tony pulls away to punch him in the chest.
“Ask me.”
Pepper sees it first.
been good enough. Baby...” she says softly, “you’ll always be more than enough.”
“Do you, um…” he starts, and then takes a deep breath when the words feel stuck in his throat.
“I said... you were worth it.”
Tony frowns.
“I, I mean…
“Wh--
“Tony?”
And when Tony holds his breath, he doesn’t hear Steve’s.
“I raised him--”
He’s hiding, there’s no mistaking it.
Steve doesn’t. Instead, he pulls his boyfriend’s thin, limp body on top of him, settling the warm covers around them. “No, I think this is better, don’tcha think?”
“I’m sure you can,” Tony smirks. “I just don’t think it’ll hold you. Papa’s a venti Cap, ain’t he, baby?” he asks their daughter. “And all your chairs are a tall.”
“Nope, don’t– that’s
“Tough,” Tony grins, and leans over to press a kiss to Steve’s cheek before he can talk himself out of it. “I’ve gotten better, though, right?”
“I f’give you, Daddy.”
“Oh, stop pouting,” Tony chuckles, pushing a towel into Steve’s hands as he starts toweling his own hair into wild, wet tufts. “You’re the one always going on about boosting team morale and all that jazz.”
“Do y’have glitter?”
“Don’t know, don’t care,” Steve says. “I’ve been practicin’, and now I wanna dance.”
"You okay, man?"
“So...” Tony continues.
Steve’s eyes are a little more empty. “It’s cold… I'm– I'm cold.”
“--and bringing you back myself. and honey bunny,” he brings the tablet up to his face, “if you think I can’t figure out where you are in a minute, you’ve been gone for too fucking long.”
“I don’t care–”
“Whatever, Auntie Nat,” Tony calls out, and cackles when a dagger suddenly hits the wall beside the elevator doors.
“God, you’re just like your Papa,” Tony mutters. “I feel betrayed every morning.”
Or ten.
“That was three months ago,” Pepper replies fondly. “You got me the entire Jimmy Choo spring collection.”
“Then gimme a hand?” Steve asks. “I’m not gettin’ it at all...”
“Stop it,” he says softly. “It’s my fault, too--”
“Y-yeah?” he breathes.
This was a drabble for a friend on tumblr, and also in celebration of the SteveTony 10th Anniversary celebration! :D
“I think you’re a dork and I don’t know why I love you so much,” Tony says tiredly.
“Only because you hit me first.”
“Oooh, I could get used to hearing
“Moving a little quick there, aren’t you, sunshine?” Tony chuckles. “That’s still a long ways away.”
The silence that follows isn’t uncomfortable, but it feels charged with something nonetheless, something like trepidation. Or maybe anticipation. Steve presses a kiss to Tony’s temple, and soothes his thumb over his hipbone as he waits it out.
Tony almost stumbles into Steve when Clint barrels into them at the library during free period. “What the fuck--”
“No, not you. Him,” Tony points at Blondie, whose eyes widen at the sudden attention. It’s so adorable, Tony wants to cry. “The rest of you can stay, but really, I don’t care what you do.”
He’s going to keep this going.
Tony feels yet another jolt of desire through him, because now he can’t stop thinking about really shaking Rogers all night long, damn it. All that body sprawled out underneath him-- or on top, Tony’s not picky-- muscles flushed and gleaming as he runs his mouth over them...
“Bucky bear?” Sam snickers.
“But you smiled at me the whole time.”
“You’re asking
I put a ring on it, babe. But now, I’m thinking I want a prenup,” Tony jokes, huffing out a laugh when Steve rolls his eyes.
voice-- breaks the bubble that he’d somehow been sucked into. It’s a shaggy haired man who’d asked the question, and Tony only notices him because he’s sitting next to
“Watching you hold that long, thick... axe,” Tony winks, helpless against the smile that breaks out on his face as Steve’s laughter grows louder. “Oooh, baby, that’s sounding better and better by the minute!”
Steve bites his lip, and nods shyly. “Lead the way.”
“We’re gonna have words about this, Rogers.”
“You’re so cute when you’re sleepy.”
house--”
Warnings: NONE.
“I’m not sure I’ll actually have that kind of power.”
“I call top branch!” Clint calls out, and deftly catches the Falcon ornament Wilson throws him.
With stinging, blurry eyes, Tony does.
Tony’s first thought when he sees her, oddly enough, is that she looks awfully familiar. He doesn’t know how– the answer is just out of reach, no matter how hard he tries to grasp it– but the thought is there all the same, and it doesn’t feel like it’ll go anywhere anytime soon.
The white ball of fur at Tony’s feet just scampers in circles around him, yipping out little barks of approval even as the sky keeps pouring outside the gazebo they’ve found themselves under. “No, Ellie, baby, stay inside. Mommy will kill me if you get wet.”
Red’s got nothing on this man.
“Whichever gets me around here more often, handsome.”
“Just wait till you see him, Potts.”
“I think there was a compliment in there somewhere?”
“I thought you knew what a ring looked like,” he replies, and looks up to see Tony’s face pale further. “Sweetheart--”
March Prompt #20: “Yell, scream, say something!”
“Grown out of what? This was
, he wants to say,
It’s mesmerizing.
Steve shakes his head. “Nah-- didn’t, um... didn’t feel right,” he replies, but takes the card when Tony holds it out for him.
“Tony--”
“Because I told you the first time to close it, you remember? And you did. You kept it closed.”
“Happy too, yes,” Steve nods. “But everything else-- the things they don’t see, the things
(He’s including himself in this, by the way, and he doesn’t give a fuck-- it’s true.)
Tony sees the familiar bulk of his best friend stumble to the front of the cell. "In the flesh, buddy."
“The Drifters-- ‘White Christmas’,” he admits, chuckling when Tony’s smile grows into a knowing grin.
Steve nods, and his hair looks so soft, Tony aches to run his fingers through it. “I’ve got enough to keep me warm nowadays.”
“Yeah?”
“You’re ridiculous and I don’t know why I let you talk me into this, Jesus Christ...” Tony mutters, even as he doesn’t pull away when Steve tugs him to his side and leads him down the quiet, snowy trail. “You know we can see this from our room, right? We can see the whole fucking park, Steve.”
Tony smirks. “Oh rea–
“You’re disgustingly great with them,” Tony says, and god, the sheer amount of awe he can hear in his own voice is pathetic.
“No!” Steve shouts, leaning forward to grab Tony’s shoulders. “This is fine, right here is… this is
“You sure about that?” Rhodey snickers, and the only reason Tony doesn’t smack him is because of the six foot two, two hundred plus pound ball of giggles a couple of feet away. “I think you’re turning a little green there.”
Prompt: "I hate this."
“Yeah, you’re right,” he says, and then takes a step closer until their chests are almost touching. “I haven’t even asked you out.”
“Don’t boss me, you’re off duty now,” Tony points out, but carefully climbs over Steve to lie down next to him anyway.
Tony’s sure Steve feels the hitch in his heartbeat. “Yeah?”
“Sap,” he whispers, resting his head on the blond’s shoulder even as he continues to chew on his burger. “I can’t believe you lied in there to play hooky.”
“Shut up,” Tony says, and ends the call with a vicious push of a button. “Bastard...” he sighs, but he knows he’s smiling when he looks back up.
“James Buchanan Barnes,” Pepper throws over her shoulder. “Wait your turn.”
“I like the sound of that,” he whispers, and when he feels the whisper soft touch of Steve’s fingers on the back of his neck, he’s helpless to stop the smile that breaks through.
"Talk," Steve orders them.
His boyfriend smiles. “Yeah?”
“Steve–”
“Pretty sure Fury knows about the tree by now, but hey, they’re all still here, so...”
“So romantic.”
“Mean Papa,” their daughter tuts, cheek pressed comfortably into Tony’s chest. “‘pol’gize, Papa!” she reaches out to poke Steve’s chest.
“I’d rather have the both of you here, anyway.”
“Watch it, Shellhead, or else I’ll eat all your food.”
“I know, right?” Pepper smiles, eyes transfixed on the painting in front of them.
“Oh, but you are,” Tony insists, bopping her on the nose until she giggles. “No school, being lazy, orange slices?” He picks one up and makes airplane noises as he brings it closer. “What could be better? Come on,
“Ooooh, new SHIELD lackeys,” Tony smirks. “Sounds exciting, doesn’t it, small fry?”
“They miss me too, huh?”
“Where’s your phone, hmm?” Steve asks, and when Tony shrugs, Pepper pulls it out of her purse. Ah, how Tony loves Pepper! She’s so helpful.
“Well, I guess you
It’s no small crowd gathered at the gates, with parents hugging and kissing their children goodbye, nudging them into the main building. Bucky pulls him along towards the front, Steve’s big, bulky body paving a path for them easily.
He knows what it says.
He’s like a kid every time we watch it, it’s adorable. What’s mine?
“Was it attacking the city?” Steve asks. His shoulder brushes against Tony’s with every step, and it’s the only thing keeping Tony from full-blown panic.
“Tony– Jesus, he’s shaking so hard, I can’t–
“You did not.”
Even in the dim, early morning light filling the tent, Steve’s blush is as beautiful as ever. “What if I smiled now?”
“What did you need?”
“To each their own, Cap,” Tony shrugs. “Can’t force ‘em to go along with anything.”
“I get bored.”
Steve sighs. “I tried so hard to find someplace nice–”
“Then it’s yours,” Tony decides, placing a buying sticker on the wall beside it. “Consider it an… early birthday present?”
“I’m hanging up now, I swear--”
“Yep,” Steve nods, still smiling.
Steve bows his head, looks up at Tony through blond, unfairly long lashes, and nods. “Alright...
The jolt of heat that hits low in his stomach is impossible to ignore, because even though he and Mr. Rogers haven’t acted differently when they meet up in person, Tony knows about the new bet going on in the teacher’s lounge— Romanoff and Barton make a troubling twosome, as fun as they are together.
“Because if you wanted to see me again, all you had to do was call.”
, he’s said ‘fuck it’ a dozen times, so he writes the message and puts it down before his hands can start shaking.
“Make it an Iron Man one and I’ll take it.”
, however, low enough to drown the conversation between the two men huddled together on the love seat across from her.
Steve ducks his head, smiling down at Ellie as she pats his legs with tiny paws, then looks back up at him through ridiculously long eyelashes. “You’re not so bad yourself, y’know...”
He starts to pull away, a biting, all too casual remark on the tip of his tongue, but then there are arms being wrapped his waist, pulling him closer, and then--
-----------------------
Tony shrugs. “Barely,” he replies. “You coming?”
“Depends,” Steve chuckles into Tony’s chin when they both pull away. “What’s in it for me?”
“I know I can’t, I just... It’s good to see you again.”
“Now where’s Steve?” Tony asks, because Pepper’s one of his best friends but she’s not the person he’s almost been jumping out of his bed to see.
“Shit,” he breathes, and feels Steve’s breath down to his neck as the blond pulls away.
need sleep, and at this point I will pay you to go to bed. Leave your phone here, though-- God knows you won’t get any if you take it with you.”
Oh no, Cap, no piggybacking. Share with the class, please.
“Is that what we’re calling it now, Rogers? So romantic,” Tony quips, and he’s so distracted by rifling through the messy clothes for his Captain America shirt that he doesn’t notice Steve walking across the room towards him until he feels that warm, familiar chest press into his back. “Well, hello there,” he drawls, looking up to meet Steve’s eyes in their reflection.
“I second that,” Pepper raises her hand. “Bastard,” she mutters, and shares a high-five with Clint.
“Oh my god, I’m leaving,” the woman throws her hands up helplessly. “I’ll get Happy to come by later, okay? I need to go make sure your company doesn’t take a dive like you did,” she tells Tony, before turning to Steve an holding out a hand. “Take care of him, Dr. Rogers.”
Steve ignores the fond jab, and closes his eyes, finding himself hesitant to meet Tony’s gaze. “They’re not… most of ‘em are hazy, and short. But sometimes… I dunno, there’s a little boy with your eyes and smile. And sometimes there’ll be a girl who’s the spitting image of my Ma. But you… you’re always there. Every time. And they always call you Daddy.”
“Shut up,” Tony laughs, trying to ignore the unsettlingly cold fingers clutching his own. It only makes him rub his own a little harder, a little faster. “I don’t complain about your shitty pumpkin spice lattes or whatever.”
“Just... just what? What’s going on, babe?” Tony asks, running his fingers through the short hair at the back of Steve’s nape, smiling when he feels the faintest shiver run down his boyfriend’s back.
“Hmm?”
Civil Union Fest Prompt #8: “Why are you stealing my clothes?”
“How could I, when you take such good care of me?”
Steve shakes his head and stands up, sketchbook pressed against his chest as he grabs Tony and excuses them both.
“This is our grade, Tony,” Steve replies, fluffing up the cushions surrounding their project. “And if you’re gonna share responsibility--”
“Lotsa days?”
, so I can’t imagine that I wouldn’t,” Steve says, bumping his shoulder with Tony’s.
“Umm,” is all Tony can say because Steve is still so damn close and he smells like apple pie and clean laundry, and a little like the engine oil that pervades Tony’s workshop.
“Love you too, snookums.”
Both of them turn to the door, and Tony can’t control the smile when he sees Steve standing there. “I hope one of those is for me,” he points to the cups.
“Long story short,” Tony replies, “racists fuckers thought it’d be a good idea to mess with my friend.”
Jerk.
"I think Barton won the bet," she tells Rhodey, and then turns to Tony and pats his hand. "Congratulations on getting your head out of your ass."
“Oh fucking Christ,” Barnes groans, slamming his cards down. "Can the two of ya losers even go a whole hour before acting like a couple of horndogs?”
“...I could probably do with a little less sap.”
“Really? ‘Cause it kinda seems like I am.”
When it happens, it's like very little of Tony's life has ever been-- easy.
“Must’ve not been scrubbing right, sweets.”
“Hmm?”
“Yeah, Buck?”
“Don’t wear my name out, Rogers.”
Steve’s cheeks turn the prettiest shade of pink. “Bucky thought it’d be funny.”
“I fucking
Steve leaps for his bedside table, coming back up a second later with a frantic nod, but it’s the tiny black box he holds in his hand that steals the remaining air from Tony’s lungs.
“Is this payback for making you carry all the boxes down to the garage?” he asks, voice more rough than he’d like, and smiles a shaky grin when Steve’s shoulders shake again with laughter.
“Alright, get outta here before I drown in all your sap,” he says, even as he feels his cheeks grow warmer than the coffee in his hands.
Tony laughs bitterly. “That’s a fucking understatement.”
"Wait, Pep, there's more. And then we start talking more outside of class, and in the teacher's lounge— we were like fucking kids at one of Fury's staff meetings, oh my god, and Steve's a sassy little fucker, you wouldn’t believe it. And Jesus, just wait till I show him to you, Pep, he is
time. Not
“Would it make you feel better?”
,” he says, “you wan’ pizza?”
Warnings: NONE.
”’s nice. Don’t tell anyone, though.“
“I miss you too, y’know.”
Steve narrows his eyes at him, and then sighs. “Fine.”
But then he turns the corner and loses it all over again.
“-- looking like this. I won’t let you.”
“Better get comfortable, then,” Tony smirks.
“Uh huh. It’s possible that you might’ve… had a good idea with this.”
“He won’t, buddy.”
” Bucky gasps, spoon clattering into his bowl as he points a finger at Tony accusingly.
“You want me to say it?” Steve whispers, and Tony stops breathing when their chests finally touch.
“The pleasure of seeing my gorgeous face every day, obviously.”
“Keep it that way.”
I just LOVE the thought of Steve and Tony naming their daughter Isabella, so Tony can call her ‘bella’ (it means ‘beautiful’ in Italian). *SOBS*
“Now? What’ll the people say?” Tony grins, but puts his drink down to take the other boy’s hand.
“I should hope so,” Steve says, shivering from the attention Tony’s lips are paying to his skin. “Don’t feel like runnin’ into anyone else on my own honeymoon.”
-------------------
“I’m good.”
“Uh huh,” Steve says, blue eyes somber and serious at first, until they soften when he turns to face Tony. “I wanna Iron Man like Tony’s Cap!”
Thor just grins, and waves. “Hammer! Mew mew!”
"...Uh huh.”
Tony lifts his head from Steve’s chest. “What?”
“No,” Coulson shakes his head. “But I’m sure the team told you about the portal it came out of.”
“I should ask the tenants if they’ll help me build an elevator,” Tony says, stepping around the blond to lead them both in. “This is ridiculous.”
“Cuddle with me?”
He actually manages to convince himself of that by the time the group gathers in the living room a couple of minutes later. Clint and Barnes even have giant bowl of popcorn settled between them, and Natasha’s eyes gleam in anticipation as she presses play on the video.
“I can think of a few things,” Tony purrs, leaning forward so that the words brush against Steve’s skin like the softest of kisses.
“Of course, Captain,” the doctor replies with a friendly, sympathetic smile. “But he will have to remain here for the next two or three days.”
The warmth is gone.
“Shut up.”
Steve rolls his eyes, but his smile is as gorgeous as ever. “We’ll take care of each other, won’t we?”
“Tony, I swear to God...”
“Gee,” Steve deadpans. “Thanks.”
It takes him a second to realize what he’s done, and then he jumps back like he’s been burned.
, he curses, but when he remembers-- in hazy, grainy detail-- how Steve’s face had looked as he’d pressed his number into Tony’s phone, he finally gives in and reaches for his phone. By the time he reaches the contact labeled
“Y’think?” Clint mutters. He still hasn’t moved from the floor, though, so Tony ignores his grumbling. “This is nauseating.”
“It’s
“It’s a little hard to think when you’re giving me those eyes.”
Steve hums. "So, anyone else know we're leaving so soon?"
Pepper stares at him for a second or two, and then sighs. “I don’t– it’s…” she flounders, “…I have absolutely no idea.”
Nothing. She is still as stone. Not a hair out of place, and pretty as a doll.
“Then come on, Cap,” Tony jumps up and tugs on Steve’s hand.
Tony doesn’t bother ignoring the frisson of attraction that runs through him when their fingers touch. “Yeah, no, Mr. Stark was my old man, and he...” he waves his other hand around, clears his throat, and then puts on his most winning smile.“Just call me Tony.”
But Steve’s grin is the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen, and for the rest of the night, it stays with Tony like sunlight in his chest.
,” he hisses, ignoring the stutter of his heart as Tony loses it all over again, jostling Natasha with every heave of his shoulders. “Jesus...”
The words send happiness rushing through Tony’s body, and he honestly wonders if he’s ever been more breathless. “Why?” is all he can say.
“Who--”
“Yep.”
“I’m a hell of a lot more than good, Captain. You’re welcome to find out how good,” Tony suggests, still grinning. This time, the glare he gets in return is a little less serious.
“That’s... that’s pretty neat. Can I, um...” Steve rubs a hand over his head, but doesn’t look away. “It’s okay if you say no, I don’t want to, um--”
Steve’s laughter follows him all the way to the elevator. “Oh, shaddup!”
“You don’t look bad at all, Tones.”
“If you’re... I couldn’t shower for weeks after--” Tony waves his hand around vaguely. In the distance, the sound of laughter mingles with the Christmas music blaring from the speakers even farther away. “Just say the word and I can call it a day.”
“I’m not
“You’ll have what everyone else is having,” he tells Barnes, yawning as his teammates scramble off the bed and line up in front of him. It’s only then that he realizes he’s one short. “Where’s Rhodey?”
Steve slides in on his finger before he’s even done talking. “Like hell I will. It’s you and me from now on, Stark.”
“I will when you tell me. And you’d better.”
But even through the tears in his eyes, Steve’s smile is the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen. “Because I’ve got everything I never knew I wanted right here,” he tightens his hold.
Bright blue eyes stay fixed on the glass window. It’s almost like she’s looking through it, right at Tony. “
“Done.”
“It’s not fair, y’know.”
“I’m not,” he dares to say, meeting Steve’s eyes once more. “You... you smell good.”
That’s what they told me you’d say.
” Barnes is the first to get to him, all but barreling into his legs, and the rest are quick to join him; Steve lets out a breathy little laugh even as he takes the time to acknowledge every single one of his teammates. His grin is bright and handsome, cheeks flushed with boyish happiness, and Pepper is can’t help but admire the beautiful sight he makes.
It’s what they ask him that surprises.
“Tony–”
“Awwww,” Tony pulls back, grinning, “you
“Yeah...” Tony whispers. He can barely see the blond through his burning eyes, but feels Steve’s warmth as the man walks up to him.
“I, uh,” he stammers, but then he looks at Tony’s eyes and just like that, some little, tiny part of Steve just knows he’ll never see eyes more beautiful than his.
He will never, ever turn down a plate of Carbonara.
“And I know I complain, but you’re fucking delicious in flannel--”
“It’s better than Manhattan--”
"You weak for anything else?"
“You keeping him?” he asks, because really, what’s one more cat for her collection?
It happens when Tony comes home one night from a successful shareholder’s meeting-- and he uses the word ‘successful’ loosely here, because Pepper might chew him out for working on his schematics during business hours, but any meeting where he doesn’t have to talk is a good one in his books. He’s in such a good mood the he pours himself a scotch and settles into his couch for a productive night of doing nothing, that he doesn’t realize he can neither see nor hear-- nor smell-- his cat, until it’s hours into the evening without any of the usual ruckus and interruption.
Tony can’t help chuckling, even as his face grows hot at the concern he hears from the blond. “Hey, Cap, hey, take a breather. It’s fine, it’s all good.”
“I like pink.”
,” he rakes his nails down Steve’s back, “is always good a reason. For anything.”
“I always knew you’d make it,” he hears Steve say, voice firm and unwavering, and so proud, it almost brings tears to his eyes.
Steve gives him an unimpressed look, but squares his shoulder a moment later. “My mug...” he says, pointing at the middle cupboard shelf. “It’s... I can’t...”
One moment, Tony’s looking down at his dissertation draft as he walks through campus-- and he just wants to get one thing straight here: he doesn’t do drafts. Ever. But Bruce and Rhodey and Pepper have been up his ass for weeks trying to get him to write and proofread, it’s like they don’t even know him, Jesus-- and the next, he hears a frantic
“I’m trying! I just– I see Sirius, I even see Orion’s belt.”
Civil Union Fest Prompt #2: “Why are you at my doorstep at three in the morning?”
“You’re crazy,” Tony says, barely meeting Steve’s eyes. “And I can’t believe you let me stay here all this time.”
“And?”
“--and more’n a couple of hugs--”
“And a fucking awesome husband, so far.”
,” he hears Steve say, and with the sound of his Captain’s breathing in his ear, Tony finally lets sleep take him.
-- stays with him for the rest of the day.
Steve blushes but doesn’t look away. “Just fine, thanks for asking.”
“That’s bullshit, Steve, I’m not ignoring--”
“What.” Tony doesn’t look up at him. He can’t bear the disappointment in those blue eyes he loves so much-- though God knows both of them should be used to it.
“I’m, uh-- I’m just gonna take Bucky trick-or-treating around the neighborhood,” Steve finally says, when his face feels normal again. “What about you?”
Steve looks at her, and then at Tony. “Always.”
“Do you guys... you think he’ll be embarrassed?” Steve asks softly. “I probably shoulda thought of somethin’ nicer--”
“I don’t doubt it,” Tony says, and god, Natasha can’t possibly be the only one who notices the way the words come out rough and low.
“You couldn’t pry it off my cold, dead hands,” Tony replies, pulling back. “This is mine-- forever.”
“Shut up,” he croaks, stumbling forward until his shins hit the edge of the bed. “Shut up, you fucking idiot.”
“Tony--”
“Crazy is crazy, babe,” Tony shrugs, but when there’s no response, he finally looks away to look at his husband.
“Should I, um, go get someone for you?”
“What would that be, Mr. Stark?” the Captain asks, and even though the words are soft and innocent, those eyes—dark and dilated now, god they’re gorgeous— are doing nothing to hide the hunger inside.
“And you...” she reaches up to touch his cheek, and it takes Tony everything he has to keep the tears from falling. “
“Good,” Tony snaps, without turning to look at him, “then you can get back out the same way.”
“Congrats, Pops. Your genes trumped dear ol’ Dad’s.”
He’s noticed every single thing about their daughter, from the moment she was first put in Steve’s arms. Every tiny lash brushing her soft cheek, every nail on her fingers and toes– he hasn’t missed a thing.
“Come
“I have to,” Steve says, and pulls the trigger.
He doesn’t throw the note away.
Steve swallows the lump in his throat, and breathes through the pang in his chest. “Because you’re my best friend. Because I get tired too sometimes, and on those days… you always make it better. Because you’re the first person– you’re the only person I think about when I think of home.”
Steve bumps his shoulder against Tony’s. “You’re hilarious.”
“I think I hear footsteps, man. Fury’s gonna fucking murder us, holy shit,” Bucky says, but the grin plastered on his face matches Steve’s own as they watch their friend continue.
“No time to waste, though. Tell me everything, and make it quick-- I've got Student Council in fifteen."
“I sure hope so,” Tony blurts, and hears Rhodey sigh behind him.
"Oh," is all Tony can say, cheeks burning like they only ever seem to do when Steve's involved.
Summer of Stony prompt #18: “You did all of this for me?”
Steve’s quiet chuckles echo through both their chests. “Pretty much. But I just… I need you to know that I can’t think of anyone I’d rather have a family with. I don’t want anyone else. Ever.”
“Look at me.”
“Take me to bed and I’ll show you how much,” Tony says, and lets out a low, throaty laugh when the blond jumps up, throws him over his shoulder, and carries him from the room.
“Looking forward to the speech,” Nat smirks, and Sam, Clint and Bucky just groan in response.
“Tell him hi from me,” Tony says. Steve does so with a sigh, and then Pepper almost jumps when--
“Nice!”
“Tony?”
Steve’s face falls. “I’m sorry--”
Tony tries pulling away from the hold his best friend has on his wrist. “No, wai–Rhodey, fuck,
“I hope so. I sure as hell ain’t planning on goin’ anywhere.”
“Fucking whisks.”
“In... heaven.” The words are hard to say, and it’s even harder to see those eyes he loves so much grow wet with tears.
“Gosh, I’m feelin’ lightheaded and we’re already lyin’ down,” Steve giggles, all bright, wet baby blues and dimpled cheeks, and he’s the most beautiful thing Tony’s ever seen. “I’m not dreamin’, right?”
Tony’s shaking his head before he can stop himself. “I think I’ll take a rain check, Ty.” The words are almost desperate, and he’s past caring. “Not interested in hangovers right now.”
“Don’t know, don’t care. Just keep me awake.”
“Yeah?”
Tony looks over the edge of the tiny car they’re sitting in-- down to the bottom of the ferris wheel and then to the bustle surrounding it-- to hide the flush that rises to his cheeks. “You’re killing me, Rogers.”
“Find a way,” is all he says.
Tony scoffs and waves her off. “Yeah, for now. AIM better
“Kidding, sweetheart. We’re not goin’ anywhere.”
, Tony-- and then you go ‘head and just ignore it?”
“Den who’s gun’ take care of me?”
“Oh my god, Tony,
“Maybe when you’re a little less dead,” she replies, and gives Tony a wink as she leaves them alone.
“Hey, I’m with you, okay? Always.”
She wastes no time in doing so. “
“Okay, you
“I’m not sorry,” Tony tells him, and Steve closes his eyes against the sting of his tears.
“I’m not getting you out of this thing, am I?” he asks, when they’ve finally pulled away.
“The point-- listen,” Tony holds up a demanding finger and grins approvingly when Steve’s mouth clacks shut. “The point remains, gorgeous: I’m dealing with more Steve Rogers than anyone’s ever had to, yeah?”
“Don’t be,” Tony says, barely holding on to the giddy laughter threatening to come forth. “It’s cute.
Which makes the second and third times hurt a lot more.
, not the puppy dog eyes.
“Shut up,” Tony hisses, and buries his head in Steve’s neck to muffle the sob that breaks free.
“What–yeah, it does.”
“Please?” Tony whispers.
Tony narrows his eyes. “You wouldn’t.”
“Will do, Shellhead,” is all Steve says, and in the peaceful silence that follows the end of the conversation, Pepper allows herself to drift off for the night.
“But–”
He’s it.
“I said fuck Howard.”
- - - - -
- - - - -
“You don’t have to come if you don’t want to, y’know. I just... I thought you’d enjoy it.”
“Don’t bullshit me,” he says, but he’s careful to say the words gently, and when Tony doesn’t kick him out, he just keeps cutting. “You’re almost as obvious as he is.”
“It has. And I’ve missed you.”
“It’ll only be two days,” he says. “You heard that gold-horned bastard. Think you can make it?”
“‘Course I am.”
“Shit, Barnes was right,” Clint mumbles, and the only reason Tony doesn’t turn to glare at him is because Steve starts walking up to him and
“Tony--”
“Tony–”
Another bright flash sends shockwaves through the room, and when Tony opens his eyes– when did he close them,
Warnings: NONE.
“Time to take your kid back,” Clint tells them, holding a wriggling Remy with his outstretched hand.
“Sliced.”
“Corner.”
“You think?” Tony laughs, and then lets out a sharp breath when Steve flips him over onto his back, straddling his waist to stall the movement of their bodies. “You know I get so fucking turned on when you do that, right?”
Tony nods.
” Tony snarls, and maybe he’d feel bad about the hurt look in those blue eyes, if he weren’t cold and tired and
Where’s the anger?
“Fuck no,” Clint snorts. “I’d like both my arms unbroken, thanks.”
“Sap,” Tony mutters, and swats at Steve’s ass. “Now chop chop, honey bunch– Home sweet home!”
"I was just trying to spare us all from having to hang out with a moping Steve."
“I’m sorry,” Steve sighs. “I didn’t mean to–”
“Is that so, gorgeous?” Tony asks, chuckling. “I’d be more than happy to start now.”
“Just my luck,” Tony sighs, and breathes in the scent of home until he drifts off as well.
Yeah, he’s screwed.
“Gonna make me say it again, huh?” Tony shuffles his feet, hands tapping his chest and the side of his thigh, like he can’t stand still for a single moment. “Fine… only because you’re so damn pretty–”
"I think we need to talk.”
“I meant every word I said when we first talked about it; the grounds upstate... they’re perfect. It’s a good, sound plan. And it’s not like we’re never coming back, right?”
“I’ll take Hammer then,” Bucky says. “Nat, you want Rumlow–”
“Fuck,” he breathes as the last notes die down, eyes wet from laughter. “You little shit.”
] We all let him think that.
“Believe it, stud muffin.”
The next morning, he walks up the school with his hand around Bucky’s, and his stomach in knots. But like always, seeing Tony and Pepper by the gates eases some of the butterflies flittering around inside him.
“Don’t fucking do that again,” Tony growls, barely resisting the urge to sweep the blond into his arms. It’d definitely be easier than usual. “Where are your meds, I know Bruce put ‘em all together for you–”
“Stone.”
“Spoken like a true city boy.”
“Okay,” Tony nods, and then breathes out a whoosh of air when he’s pulled into that beautiful chest, thick, muscled arms surprisingly gentle as they hold him up. He closes his eyes to cherish the warmth, shoulders relaxing in spite of the fact that he’s being hugged by a complete stranger, and wonders how this guy doesn’t have a line of people waiting for this.
“Finally, the man of the hour,” Tony says. There’s a faint breathlessness to his voice, but really, Pepper thinks, no one could blame him for it. “Surprise!”
“If she’s old enough to be up at six, she’s old enough to walk him herself. God, I need coffee.”
“I can call you Bucky too?” Bucky asks, and feels an easy grin settle on his face when Stark rolls his eyes.
Warnings: NONE.
“Oh,” he breathes out, relief, embarrassment and surprise running through him all at once. Then he opens his mouth and–-
“But only because it’s almost Christmas, alright?”
“Tony–”
Shit, shit,
for it,” Tony gestures at the team still shuffling eagerly beside them, all of them wearing identical smiles and colorful birthday hats. “Pep and I are just the help.”
Tony smiles, an empty curve of his lips that has Steve tightening his hold for one cold, panicked moment. “I’m fine, I’m good.”
“I didn’t do it on purpose--” Steve starts, but then sighs when Tony looks up to glare at him. “Well, I didn’t do it on purpose the second time.”
“Oh, who’s being dramatic now?”
Well, having Tony there makes all of it even better just by being there. He’s so good with his sister and Bucky all night, and he jokes and flirts with Steve and asks him about his art-- Steve keeps it short and simple for the moment, then tells him about what Pepper had said about his aversion to Picasso, and Tony laughs so hard, he has to lean into Steve to keep from falling.
“Okay, but in the meantime, put that down and come dance with me.”
“Don’t talk to me,” Tony grumbles, but doesn’t pull away from Steve when the blond wraps an arm around his shoulders as they make their way through the thinly crowded Brooklyn street.
Steve reaches out until his hand finds Tony’s. "Because I'd be the happiest fella if you went with me, and I don't care if the whole school knows. But it's... look, it's okay if you don't want to, or if-- if maybe you'd rather go with someone else--"
“Back atcha, Shellhead,” Steve says, even as his own cheeks turn the softest shade of pink, and Tony smothers the urge to press his lips to the warm skin. “It’s good to be home.”
Tony’s suit groans and creaks as he lifts his hands to his head, and despite the dust still floating around him, he gulps in a lungful of air when the faceplate comes off. He’s relieved at how easily he’s able to sit up, and grateful that he has space to move.
“Y’know, it was so much nicer when you weren’t talking,” Tony says, resting his head back down.
“Language.”
“I… I can’t–”
“Alright,” he says. “Tell me.”
“That’s ‘cause she’s a smart girl. She knows awesome when she sees it, doesn’t she?” he teases, jostling Natasha until she breathes out a chuckle into his neck.
“You dozin’ off on me, Stark?”
“Goodnight, Tony.”
“Oh, I know. But the kid’s currently revisiting his ‘no’ phase, and he’s every bit as stubborn as
“Oh. I… I remember this…” Steve whispers, and by the time Tony registers the playful gleam in those baby blues, he’s helpless to escape.
There's Jarvis.
“Big gallon is too big for tiny hands,” Tony says. “So just sit back and let everyone else do the work, you lucky ducks.”
someone says. Probably this Sam.
“You’re going to find him,” Pepper says, and there isn’t a single shred of doubt in her voice. Tony just nods, riveted by the gentle babbling coming from his arms. He suddenly can’t imagine ever letting go of her– especially now.
“Take a shower, get something other than coffee in you, and change out of that godawful suit,” Pepper orders the next morning as she enters the room, voice clipped and sharp, and louder than anything he’s heard since the chaos of the conference room as shots rang out and Steve put his stupid,
“Tony–”
lucked out today.
“If you don’t calm down,” she says lowly, “I’m not letting you in there.”
Tony huffs out a humorless laugh. “That-- that’s not a reason to marry someone.”
It’s no surprise, since loving this man might just be the easiest thing he’s ever done.
Steve’s smile is probably just a little too giddy. “Well, I think Nurse Odinson would be flattered, but he’s engaged to Dr. Foster here in Neurology, and I wouldn’t wanna get on her bad side.”
“Didja like ‘em?” Bucky chirps. He looks so pleased-- they all do, and it’s an absolute joy to see-- that Steve reaches out to ruffle his hair affectionately.
“No you don’t,” Tony says. “I’m keeping you with me for as long as I can.”
“Hmm?”
His daughter just buries her head in his neck, and grips his shirt tightly as he carries her out the door and down to his room.
Summer of Stony prompt #6: “Don’t you dare throw that snowba-- goddammit!”
“Tough luck, cupcake. Gotta grin and bear it.”
"Hiya back,” Steve smiles, exactly like he did eleven weeks ago. He's wearing his stealth suit, hair slightly matted with sweat and what looks like dirt, but he's still the most beautiful thing Tony's ever seen.
“I’m serious. Stop it.”
“It’s the Plague, isn’t it? It’s fine, babe, you don’t have to sugarcoat it–”
It happens like this.
Tony’s out of out chair before he's even finished the question. “Buy me a honey bun first,
“Oh my god...”
“Marry me,” Steve whispers against his lips, and the words run down Tony’s chest, into his body, his lungs, like the first breath of life.
but this.”
- - - - -
“You sound like parents,” Natasha smirks. “It’s disturbing.”
” Steve asks, prompting a rare bout of giggles that Tony doesn’t bother muffling.
Steve narrows his eyes, smirk still sitting pretty on his face, before finally feigning a sigh of defeat. “Enough to know when to pick my battles, I s’ppose.”
“Well,” he finally says, and he could kiss himself for sounding so smooth and put together.
“That wasn’t so bad now, was it?”
“Oh my god, you’re so dramatic when you’re sick,” Steve mutters, but leaves the room with a kiss to the brunet’s forehead.
“I think you need pizza?”
“You’re in a generous mood.”
Steve obeys, and Tony breathes painfully in relief.
“Beat it,” he waves the other two off, already pulling at his soon-to-be-husband’s sleeve. “We’ll be right out, I swear. Maybe. I don’t know.”
Tony barely hears Steve’s voice over the sweeping melody coming from the television in front of them. It’s not loud, but it echoes slightly around the mostly empty living room. “Hmm?”
. I’m the one that brought it here, remember? Now, bring it over, pretty please.”
Summer of Stony prompt #29: “Come back!”
Rhodey rolls his eyes, but doesn’t pull away from the grip Tony has on his wrist as he drags them to the pet shop across the street. “What if she’s allergic?”
. “I’m gonna lose him.”
His mind is a mess of alcohol, broken glass and scraped knees, and the sound of his father’s screams won’t fucking leave him, so
“Is, um,” Tony traces random, nonsensical patterns on Steve’s chest. “Is going to art school-- is that something you, uh, y’know. Wanna do? Maybe?”
“I have wings!”
- - - - -
It starts when her secretary knocks on her door instead of barging right in like she always does.
Warnings: NONE.
“She’s, uh,” Tony clears his throat. “She’s something, huh?”
Hey now, don’t sell yourself short, handsome. You’ve got plenty of brains to go with all that brawn.
“Nice to meet you, sir,” he says.
“Uh huh. I’ll bring you back a whole patch of ‘em, yeah?”
“No she doesn’t,” Tony shakes his head, then looks down. “Baby, no you don’t. Trust me. It’s
The last part of the Doctor!Tony AU (aka chapters 49 and 56). :)
Steve bites his lip, and nods.
“Sweet, Winghead,” Tony smirks up at him, “but with the way you sleep, God knows I need every inch of bed money can buy.”
“Yeah,” is all Tony can say, his voice as soft and Steve feels.
Steve looks at him for a moment, then another, before removing his own gloves to follow suit. “That pizza’s soundin’ better b-by the minute; though I’d p-pretty m-much take anything hot. Even your awful c-coffee.”
They’re still standing in the middle of the lounge, grinning at each other like a idiots, but god, Tony can’t remember the last time he felt this way about anyone. “You’re not the only one.”
“Where’s yours?” Tony asks, settling back into his chair with aplomb.
Tony nods, breathing deeply to calm his heart’s frantic beating.
“Yeah.”
Steve just rolls his eyes, and begins rearranging the presents beneath the tree. “Y’know, every year, I think there’s no possible way we can have more gifts under here, and every year, I’m proven wrong.”
“Yeah,” he says, breathless as he so often is when it comes to Steve.
“You’re staring again.”
“Yeah,” Steve’s grin comes easier than breathing. “I know.”
“Then how the fuck am I supposed to survive this?” Tony flails, almost poking Steve’s eye with his gun.
Not sure if this one counts. He did just say it.
“They both feel kinda bad--”
“Won’t you hold her?”
“Is there... something I can do?”
“Yes sir,” Tony winks, and lifts a trembling hand in a weak salute.
“Hey, hey,” Steve moves closer, tipping Tony’s chin up until their eyes meet. “What’s wrong?”
“Here you go then,” Steve chuckles, when they’re finally standing by the vending machine.
“Sorry, sorry,” Tony laughs, even as he knows he sounds anything but. “I’ll behave, I promise-- cross my heart.”
Steve just grabs the note and checks both boxes with the pencil he’s holding. Then, he sticks the note on Tony’s forehead.
“Doesn’t look like he agrees with you,” Barnes whispers, shaking his head, and then goes back to the window.
His eyes are soft and earnest, and Tony finds he can barely meet them. The warmth that’s been furling in his chest since they pulled out of Ma Roger’s driveway only hours ago grows and spreads all over, until he’s sure his cheeks are redder than they’ve ever been. “Just flip the coin, you meatball,” he sighs, more gently than he’d expected. “We’re burnin’ daylight.”
“What’s wrong, huh?”
,” Steve points to the exit, even as he returns the grin Tony gives him.
“He’s the first person that comes to mine,” Steve snaps. The rest of the conference room is silent and tense, and Tony’s heart is beating so fast, they can all probably hear it.
He doesn’t want to stop staring.
“I can't believe you."
“Come up here, you little worm,” Tony orders, coughing into a new tissue a second later.
“Seriously?” Barnes groans, making the blond-- Steve, was it?-- turn his attention back to him. “Well, he
"How's that?"
“A date,” Tony finally dares to say. “Unless you’re, y’know, with someone--”
In the quiet, steam-filled bathroom, Steve’s voice creates only the thinnest of echoes, but it still has Tony grinning at him over his shoulder, running an appreciative gaze over the miles of wet, golden skin he’s treated to a second later. “First time you’ve ever complained about showering with me, honey buns… I’m hurt.”
Pepper and Rhodey are the first to step forward, concern evident in the furrow of their brow, but he gives them what he hopes is an comforting smile, even though every bone in his body is screaming at him to run away again.
vIt feels like ages before Steve pulls away, as slowly as he’d kissed him, and leans their foreheads against each other.
“You guys know the drill.” It’s Natasha who speaks, because Tony hasn’t spoken a word the whole time, and Steve won’t do anything else besides stare at him.
Stony Christmas prompt #10: "Oh, great, they've seen us."
, the AI’s voice is just as smug as Clint expected it to be.
“Share with me, you ass.”
“Right,” Tony scoffs, but doesn’t break the comfortable silence that settles around them for the next couple of minutes. The sweet taste of the hot chocolate still lingers in his throat, and he closes his eyes against the sound of Steve’s breathing.
And Tony...
Tony flutters his lashes dramatically. “My hero,” he coos, chuckling when Steve rolls his eyes.
They all share knowing looks as Tony’s smile softens at Steve’s defense, offering him half of his last cookie, and when Steve accepts it with a giddy grin of his own, Natasha finds there’s nowhere else she’d rather be.
. Even Bucky bear here--”
“Tony,” Steve huffs, the corner of his lips quirked up in a barely there smile.
Tony rolls his eyes. “I’m too selfish to get cold feet,” he says, but Natasha just smiles, and goes back to adjusting his tie despite his protests. “I’m just saying, Steve doesn’t care what I look like– I could probably go in there naked, and he’d be fine with it.”
Rhodey rolls his eyes. “I can’t believe you’re jealous of someone who’s been here less than a day.”
"You bastard--"
“Can’t get anything past you...”
“--he’s actually a sarcastic little shit most of the time--”
“Because you make me so fucking happy. Every fucking day, honey.”
Warnings: NONE.
“You’re an idiot. So is he–”
PROMPT:  “H/c with sad Tony especially so I am here to prompt: Imagine a high school au like the Avengers are besties, but other than that Tony doesn't have any friends, people are always mean to him and bully him. Tony is so fed up with this, the comments are getting more and more cruel and one particularly bad day, he comes to the meeting with the Avengers and when they ask him what's up he just starts sobbing, cause he can't handle it anymore and he was holding it in for too long.”
“Steve–”
Himself.
Brown eyes turn up to meet his again. “Fine, I’ll stop,” Tony chuckles, fondness lacing every word, and Steve feels better than he has in days.
, babe. They’re not going to… they won’t do anything. She’ll be fine, she’ll love ‘em.”
“Jarvis.” he points to the cat, now curled up beside a box labeled ‘baking supplies’, “he jumped in from my balcony. I swear he was waiting for me to get home, he does this all the time. Not the, y’know, jumping into windows part-- the other, ruining-your-living-room part. You’re lucky all your shit’s still in boxes, it saved us both a lot of trouble.”
Warnings: NONE.
, how may I help you?”
When they end the night trading numbers, and Steve can’t keep the smile off his face as they walk back home, he knows something’s happening. He knows it’s still new and he knows it’s too soon-- they hardly know about each other, and even though the attraction is there, the truth is that they’re barely friends-- but there’s a spark Steve hasn’t felt many times in his life, and he’s learned by now that not following your heart isn’t the best when you only live once.
- - - - -
“Stop makin’ me laugh, you menace,” Steve whispers loudly, in between hushed laughter. “My Ma’s gonna come in if we’re too loud.”
: Just until you learn your lesson.
“Sorry.”
“What?” he chuckles, suddenly breathless from the feel of Steve’s lips brushing his neck.
”Why would you do th--”
“Zip it,” Tony hisses, barely breathing as he positions his phone closer to their sleeping baby girl. A couple of taps later, he steps back with a proud grin. “There. Isn’t she just... God, hon, did we make a kick ass kid or what?”
worse than fucking losing you, then you’re an idiot–”
“It’ll be better once you get on that chocolate, Rogers.”
trying to keep me warm–”
“But I... wanted t’talk...”
-– sounding happier than he has in the months they’ve known each other–- and Steve suddenly feels a little less bright inside.
“Who’s impatient now?” Tony laughs.
SURPRISE DRABBLE = SURPRISE UPDATE!
“Pepper, I need you.”
“Indeed,” Jarvis says.
“Are you kidding me? We’d be here all night if you really want me to answer that.”
“You’re bein’ kinda loud, Tony-- it‘s rude,” Steve says, chuckling as Tony struggles half-heartedly, pounding weakly on Steve’s chest.
“Really?” Tony mumbles, but Pepper can see him blushing softly as he bows his head.
“Well, if I’d known wrapping paper turned you on this much--”
“But apparently the universe has fucking decided I’ve somehow done something to deserve you– and
“God, I fucking love you,” Tony rasps when he finally pulls away, eyes bright with emotion.
Steve reels back like he’s been slapped. “You--”
finger.
, tell’m-- tell’m why,” he says loudly, and then grunts when Rhodey stumbles into his back. “Rhod-- tell’m!”
“If you say so.”
“Nope,” Tony shakes his head, walking faster out the kitchen and down the hall. “I’m not gonna let you brainwash her.”
“I don’t wanna make you worry,” Steve replies. “I tried tellin’ the guys to try to get someone else--”
“Wish me luck, then, Pepper-pot,” he says, with more confidence than he actually feels. She just shakes her head and blows him a kiss.
“Now c’mon, gimme gimme!” Tony plops down on the blanket and makes grabby hands, heart skipping a beat when Steve sit down close enough for their thighs to touch.
“But when you’re... when you’re that age, it’s simple-- have fun, get fed, and then just... have someone there, when the day’s done.”
“I’m not worth it.”
“It’s okay,” Steve finally says, and then shocks Tony by letting out a soft, low laugh of his own. “So I’m your first, huh?”
"I think... I think I may have some, uh, feelings?"
“Is for horses,” Tony smirks, sauntering up to the counter with a bright blue box in hand.
,” is all he says, and Steve…
Tony’s smile is gone faster than he can blink. “Did he now?” he asks, and feels proud when the words come out steady. The cold that had slowly been seeping away come back with a vengeance, just like it always does when Howard’s involved. Twenty years gone, and the bastard still won’t leave Tony alone.
March Prompt #5: “You’re so small.”
“I’m not–” he takes a breath, shoulders heaving. “I will not sit here and listen to… Avengers!” he calls out, the words clipped and tight, and still louder than the chaos that’s suddenly breaking out across the room. “We’re done here.”
“Still wrong.”
March Prompt #13: “It killed me to see you with him.”
"Why?"
“Anytime, sunshine.” Tony says.
“Well that’s ‘cause she’s a good girl,” Tony replies. “They’re gonna fall over themselves right now, just you watch.”
“Imagine my surprise when I found it in your drawers,” Tony grins. “Why is this the first time I’m seeing this, and more importantly, why the fuck haven’t you worn it?”
“Did you forget I’m still in Malibu for Shareholder’s weekend? I can’t just
“Fury’s just called us in. Sorry,” Natasha shrugs, but doesn’t look all that sorry as she walks to the elevator doors. Barton and Barnes follow behind her, and they just wave and grin when he begs them to stay.
“Daddy!”
The first time Steve sees his new neighbor, he trips up the building’s front steps.
, oh god. He’s lost track of how long they’ve been at it, but look at all the fucks he doesn’t give about that.
“I can’t–” Steve mutters, and almost staggers into the empty hallway leading out of the building. “God, I hate this so much.”
Tony just settles back into his chair, closes his eyes, and revels in the feeling of Steve’s hand on his chest.
“Tony!” she all but yells, louder than she’d intended but apparently enough to be heard through the chaos.
“It really is good for you, y’know,” Pepper offers, and Steve gets closer, nodding.
idea.”
“God,” Tony whispers, “I-- I can’t believe I’m saying this, but... yes. Yeah, I’ll marry you.”
“A kid after my own heart...”
“Only when it comes to you, Shellhead,” Steve pulls him closer. “Hey, Tony...”
Tony’s damn lucky he’s a billionaire, because he’s pretty sure his cat was born to
“With my mom?” Tony asks, and god, the word still feels strange in his mouth.  Really, he should’ve known something like this would happen eventually.
Tony turns his face to Steve’s shoulder, and breathes in his clean, comforting scent. “And French toast.”
Mr. Rogers raises an eyebrow in playful challenge. “I’ve got it covered, Tony, though I can’t imagine many saying no to him, with eyes like those,” he chuckles.
Tony lifts his head from Steve’s shoulder to look up at him. “Course I am, why wouldn’t I be?”
“Sounds perfect.”
“Who you callin’ shrimp, huh?” Steve asks loudly, and Tony barely has time to register Barnes’ resigned sigh from a few feet away before his chest is being pelted by tiny, pale hands. “Take it back!”
“Can you... can you stay?” Steve asks. He looks younger than ever, and Tony doesn’t bother pretending to think about it.
“This isn’t a contest, Tony.”
“My pleasure.”
"Okay, but... What's it gonna take to have a whole damn slice?" Tony drawls.
,” she says softly, baby blue eyes growing wide in realization.
. Who knew grandpa garbs could be so comfortable?”
Clint shakes his head. “Said ‘e wasn’t ‘ungry,” he mumbles through a mouthful of Froot Loops.
“You’re an idiot,” Tony whispers, “that wasn’t about you, none of those dreams were about you,
“That’s– there’s no fucking way…” Tony trails off, mind racing with thoughts and questions and the repercussions if what he’s hearing is true.
“Oh, I can tell. But truth be told, I was dying for a reason to come over here.”
No? I dunno, then. Is it Pepper? Or JARVIS? I don’t know– tell me, will ya? [
"I know,” he says. “You never let me forget it."
Steve does.
“He looks up to you,” Steve says quietly.
Stark lets out a bitter laugh. "Do you?"
-------------
Summer of Stony prompt #16: “Looks like we’ll be trapped here for a while…”
“Where did you get the suit?”
“Does it help if I tell you I love you?” Steve whispers, the emotion in his voice sending Tony’s heart into flutters that he hopes will never get old.
“Like?”
” Steve says, and then Tony’s heart skips a beat when he hears a knock on his suite door.
Tony doesn't get what's funny about trying to keep his best friend from getting hurt. "I was trying to... Look, there's a lot of assholes around here, and I’m sure as hell not letting anyone take advantage of him."
“Hey, it wasn’t that bad, was it?”
“Then smile!” Tony laughs, and the sight of that gorgeous, familiar curve to his lips sends a familiar pang of longing down to Steve’s stomach. “You’re so fucking cute when you’re grumpy, Jesus Christ.”
“Yeah, Buck?”
“I can, um, I can cook for you? I’ve been told I make a mean Spaghetti sauce, so maybe if you want... It probably won’t be as nice a time as I was hopin’ to give ya,” Steve looks down, sounding more hesitant than he has in all the time they’ve known each other. “But I’d love to do it, all the same.”
Having seen sm:hc last week, I’m dying for an AU where Steve and the team are with Tony, and they’re all happy together because THAT’S LITERALLY ALL I EVER WANT!
“A puppy, then?”
” Bucky croons behind them, and the car explodes in more giggles.
There’s Bucky.
“Might’ve been Romanoff’s fault.”
Steve chuckles into Tony’s shirt, and even though it’s barely there, Tony grins at the hint of happiness.
“It was made in America?”
“Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
“I know it’s not much,” Steve says shyly, holding out a large, warm hand to press his dog tags into Tony’s palms. “But I want you to have ‘em.”
“Pretty sure they still had Christmas back in your day,” Tony replies.
“There is something seriously wrong with them,” Tony says, snuggled against Steve in a corner of Natasha’s living room hours later. The rest of their friends are all scattered around the room, drinking and talking and playing, and it’s almost enough to distract him from the garish ribbon across Steve’s chest proclaiming him the ‘
“Tony--”
“Steeb!” Clint’s hand shoots up.
“Bye, Tony,” Steve says softly, trying to keep his breath steady as Tony leaves with a wink over his shoulder, Rhodey following a second later with a friendly wave of his own.
– I can’t b-breathe!” He gasps between giggles and yelps.
“I was thinking... Rembrandt,” Steve says, lifting the dog up to bury his face in the soft fur, and Tony resolutely ignores the voice in his head telling him that Rhodey might be right.
“Do what?”
“Whatever you want, honey.”
“Right, sorry,” Steve says sheepishly, cheeks a delicious shade of pink as he throws on his coat. “I’m gonna run down to my room to get my things, alright? I’ll be back in five.”
Now it’s
“I can’t do this anymore.”
- - - - -
“Why are you here?” Steve asks gently, taking over Tony’s vacated seat and leaning forward. “Are you in danger? Is something wrong in… well, where you’re from?”
“Seems fair, for all the times I’ve been worried sick about yours.”
“I’m sure Rhodey’s alright with it. Mind if I take him out for a turn, sir?” Steve asks, blue eyes twinkling with mirth.
“Knock yourself out, champ.”
“Y’know, I feel like half the time we spend together is just you telling me what to do,” he sighs, and waves the phone in his hand as he stumbles to his bedroom.
“Gotta get ready,” Sam says. “Less than a minute till we’re on, ‘kay? You can do it.”
“How many?”
“Which one?”
could be lucky enough to see those eyes he loves so much for the rest of his life.
“Good to know, Mr. Rogers.”
“And during, too.”
Tony finally gathers his courage and turns, meeting Steve’s gaze with a sigh. “What.”
” Steve whispers against Tony’s temple, when the music fades back into silence, and Tony isn’t even going to deny the sudden burning in his eyes.
“Love ya too, Shellhead.”
“What’s a guy like you doin’ in a place like this?”
And check out my tumblr at captainstarkreportingforduty! <3
“Let’s go get dinner.”
“Fuck you, Barton,” Tony mutters, burrowing further into the couch with a huff.
It’s good to be home.
“Lackeys!”
,” Tony flings the covers off, blood rushing in his ears so loud, he can barely hear anything else.
“Looks like it worked.”
“Um, th-thanks,” he stutters, and
“Famous last words,” Tony mutters, but doesn’t hesitate to wrap his arms tightly around Steve’s waist as he finally climbs on behind. “This is a nightmare, Jesus fucking Christ, Steve.”
“Yeah, but you’re so goddamn cute when you blush,” Tony says.
“More times than I can handle in one day, honestly—”
It’s like… she was made for him.
“Then why would you give this away?” Tony asks, more intrigued than he’s been a while.
poster “This.”
“It’s not the Plague, honey–”
“I was happy to do it,” Steve says softly. “I’d do it every day, if I could.”
“Daddy!”
- - - - -
Steve almost chokes on his beer. “Oh god! Talk a little louder, wouldja?”
“You’re disgusting and I’m suddenly regretting the entire trip over here.”
“Please!”
“Would’ve been here sooner,” Tony smirks, “but we got a little sidetracked--”
Tony nods. “Might not make a lot of sense, I tend to ramble when I’m, y’know... And I-- I get sidetracked sometimes.”
“I know, but... I can take care of it. I can take care of
“The team says I spoil you,” Steve crosses his arms, and he’s trying to look firm, but there’s no hiding the fond gleam in his eyes.
Warnings: NONE.
“Pwesents!” Thor crows, climbing on the couch and jumping on the cushions, and even Bruce lets out a peal of laughter as they race over to the tree.
“I can hear your stomach grumbling.”
Steve shakes his head. “No, I just… I–”
“Being all… warm’n shit.”
“But you love me anyway.”
She always has.
This time, where no one can find him.
“Too bad, ‘cause I’m going through it either way! Do you trust me?” She shouts.
“It’s an Iron Man suit.”
Tony’s helpless against the laughter that takes over, shoulders heaving into the safe, familiar hold around him. “
“Buck–”
“Could’ve fooled me, Mr. Man-With-A-Plan," Tony says.
Steve just lets himself be pulled towards the elevator, smiling as Tony smirks and winks when he passes Clint.
“I like the sound of that,” Steve says, and feels Tony’s hand find his beneath the covers.
“Oh come on, It was
old man.”
The words fall out of Tony’s mouth before he can stop them, and he almost cowers under the steely blue glare aimed his way.
“I love you too, Steve.”
“This... this thing. You and me.”
Again.
Tony steps further into the kitchen, and spots Barton and Bruce sitting in silence on their respective stools. “Where’s Steve?” he asks.
.” Steve’s voice is everywhere-- low and clear from the tower speakers-- and that’s when Pepper remembers Tony’s face when he’d told her that half the team had been called away on SHIELD business. “
“I’m gonna throw up,” Clint whispers, loud enough to get a glare from both Steve and Natasha.
Steve’s laughter is warm on his cheek. “You won’t be sayin’ that when you see how much food I’ve made. We’ve got enough for leftovers for the whole team.”
Maybe it’s just
And it happens more times after that, until one day, Tony's first thought isn't that Jarvis is missing-- it's that he's just with Steve. And, well... that says something. Tony's not sure what, but the way his heart's suddenly beating faster tells him it's probably serious.
“Um, okay, that’s a little insulting because seriously, what
“Tony--”
Steve know the glare he gives Tony is absolutely weak. “‘m not grumpy.”
“There’s a bad kind?”
“Oh, shaddup.”
“Plus, we’ve got sleeping bags!” Steve points to a tiny pile in the corner of the living room, the only things they’d put in Tony’s car for the drive up to Cambridge. “And, uh,” he goes over to uncover a box, “and… your toaster. Tony, why is your toaster the only thing in this box?”
“Tony, it’s okay–”
Warnings: NONE.
“Big twee?”
Tony’s the first one back at HQ, and he barely makes it through the debrief room doors before he spots Fury.
The long, determined steps Pepper’d been taking on her way to the Stark Tower common room taper down to slow, careful ones at the sound of Tony’s softly hushed words. At first, she thinks about turning around, because if the man has company, the last thing either of them will want is for her to interrupt anything. But when she dares to take a peek into the room, she frowns when she sees it empty.
Steve laughs around a sob. “Okay,” is all he says.
“I love you too, sweetheart,” Steve tells him, and when they finally make it into their apartment, his smile is brighter than anything Tony’s seen all night.
“I’m not saying it’ll be easy. I don’t know if I ever--” Bucky swallows the sudden lump in his throat. “There was someone, I think... I remember. Sometimes. But I’m not pretendin’ I know what it’s like. But when it’s real, though? You’d either be an idiot or a coward to pass it up. And I know you ain’t either.”
Tony just keeps smiling, and tries to ignore the nerves fluttering in his stomach like butterflies as he walks up to the bedroom doors and knocks. “Hey, uh... You can come on out here, big guy.”
There’s no way she’s suggesting what he thinks she is.
Tony hums, and then abruptly pulls away. “I need…your finest sunflower.”
“So we won’t. You can come over to my place.”
“I lost count of how many I made, but if coffee’s what you want, then… I guess I’ll just eat them all. Want some, Tony–”
And this? It’s almost inappropriate, almost indecent.
“Tony--”
“Thank you.”
Tony shakes his head. “Barely woke up too, Cap. Just as in the dark as you are. Literally.”
“Oh, you fight dirty, Captain,” Tony breathes, even as he feels a sappy grin on his own face.
“Thank you,” Steve says. “This is... amazing.”
“Tony–”
“I can’t lose you, Shellhead,” he finally says.
“I love you,” Steve says, taking one of Tony’s hands in his, and when he brushes his thumb along Tony’s knuckles, it burns in the best way. “No lies, no games. You ran out on me before I could even move.”
“Yes, dear.”
“Three days ago,” Tony says, tucking the phone between his head and his shoulder. “The last time we talked.”
More often than that, he marvels at how the Biggest Surprise of his life thus far-- being trapped in ice for seventy years, only to be brought back to life in this wild, wonderful chaos of a world--has only brought more and more little surprises with it..
?” he clarifies, and can’t help the smile on his face as six familiar little heads nod in response.
apartment–”
“Talk.”
“I hope not,” Steve shakes his head. “God, you don’t even… I hope she has your heart, y’know… And your brain. I hope she has your spirit. I hope she gets your stubbornness and your wit; I hope she gets your attitude, and your joy of life. I hope she gets that look in your eye when you think of something new and extraordinary. I hope I see you in everything she does, ‘cause you’re the best thing that’s ever happened to me.”
“Sh’said okay.”
“Up and at ‘em, big guy,” Tony says when they’re in the hall. “My stomach is killing me.”
Tony kisses him.
"When, uh, when'd you get here?”
Steve smiles ruefully as he ties his towel around him without bothering to dry his gleaming skin. “I was thinkin’ something more like—”
“Gotta wear an apron when you cook.”
Because Steve didn’t come alone, and the sight of their daughter dozing peacefully on his shoulder, golden curls– the same shade as her father’s– covering half her face, makes him warm all over.
Warnings: Mentions of character death. (Not our boys, don't worry!)
end up telling everyone else, just so they'd have enough time to spend with you before."
“Ugh, you’re no fun,” Tony sighs, even as he snuggles into that massive chest.
“I know.”
Steve squares his shoulders. “But they can damn well respect you.”
Pepper steps closer. “Tony–”
“So I obviously didn’t think this through,” Tony admits, even as his heart does a little lurch of want when Steve just peppers Remy’s head with gentle kisses.
was sappy.”
“I… I can’t–”
“Thanks for... y’know. Today.”
“God,” Bucky groans, loud enough to break through their rambling. “Just go ‘head and suck face already, we all know you’re dying to.”
“I hate you,” Tony says, but knows the smile on his face says otherwise, and by the time Steve’s pulling them this way and that, weaving in and out of the other smiling couples on the floor, he’s laughing like he hasn’t laughed in years. “I can’t– Steve,
“Sorry?”
Rhodey bumps his shoulders. “You kidding me? No way I’d miss you seeing Steve Rogers play football for the first time.”
“Well, I can’t say I blame her,” Tony says, “but consent is totally a thing, and if she can’t see that, fuck her.”
“You’re about to meet Uncle Asshole, baby,” Tony sighs, then yelps when Steve smacks his shoulder. “Don’t drop her, Barnes.”
“I’m glad you’re here with me. I’m glad you said yes.”
“Say good morning to Pepper, Tony,” Steve says gently, wrapping his arms around the brunet’s waist, and Pepper has known Tony longer than anyone alive-- except Rhodey, of course-- but she can’t remember the last time she saw him like this, pliant and relaxed, and comfortable with another person enough to allow the physical interaction she’s seeing right now.
“If I thought you would, Stark...” is the last thing they hear before the elevator doors shut and Steve is out of sight.
No one is more surprised than Tony when the cat-- Jarvis, he’d named him, that first night after Pepper had left-- makes it to a week, and then a month.
“Language.”
“Rematch!”
“Tony,” Steve moans, and then his hands are suddenly scrambling at Tony’s shirt, at his pants, at every part of him he can touch.
“I don’t even know you, and I can second that.”
. And you’re lovely too, Pepper-pot, and Sam’s lovely because he gave me back my
Almost.
Stony Christmas prompt #10: "So, I’ve been nothing but a failure this whole month."
,” he stammers, eyes screwed shut as he continues to mumble unintelligibly.
After that, it becomes sort of a silent rule between the students, that they can look at the notes all they want, but taking them down is off limits. And seeing as Principal Fury hasn’t come in to reprimand them for inappropriate behavior, Tony thinks everyone’s pretty okay with it. Which is great, because the notes keep growing, scattered over the door window in all the gold and blue glory.
Tony scoffs. "Really, Pep, he didn't even know her."
v“God, it should not be so easy,” Tony grumbles, taking the coffee, and feels his heart skip a beat when his fingers brush Steve’s.
"Oh god,
But Steve just sits up too, brushing his fingers against Tony’s. “Sweetheart--”
“And I gotta pay the price for that?”
“Liar,” he chides, rolling his eyes as he sets down the wrench he’d been working with on the cluttered table before him.
“I-- I don’t know,” Tony replies, and Pepper sees the tip of his hand over the back of the couch as he waves it around vaguely. “I just... like it.”
“I’m fine, ‘m just– a little cold,” Steve looks away, and Tony bites back a curse when he remembers the snowstorm that’d started just earlier that day. It’s three days till Christmas, and the city’d been hit with a cold wave not seen in years.
Bucky sees it after everything goes to shit.
“Aren’t I always careful? Ah, don’t answer that,” Tony grins, just as Steve opens his mouth to reply. “Gotta tell ya, Cap-- didn’t see any of this coming.”
“You’re an idiot and I can’t believe we’re friends.”
Tony blinks. “...Late?” he replies.
“Thank you,” Steve says again. “But I’m perfectly happy with what I’ve got right now.”
“Yeah?”
Steve can only close his eyes and revel in the feeling of having the brunet so close.
cold--”
"I thought I'd find you here."
Instead, he just nods, and feels something warm bloom in his chest when Steve grins back.
“Ass.”
“You were saying?” He asks, turning to meet Steve’s gaze for only a second before looking away.
Steve’s laughter joins the bustle of the city, the faint tunes of a Christmas song in the distance, and Tony’s takes it in like he’ll never have it again. "Scout’s honor.”
“You don’t know that.”
,” Tony growls, and then Steve’s smirk is the last thing he registers before he’s dragged into warm arms and kissed within an inch of his life.
“Just the prettiest one,” Steve says softly.
“‘f course not,” Tony declares emphatically, and suddenly he’s more excited than he thinks he’s ever been. “We’re-- we’re gonna go out and eat and hold hands and, and oh my god, we’re gonna
“You’d better.”
Warnings: NONE.
“Burgers? Yeah.”
“Not that there was a lot to get out to, of course.”
“Jesus, you should really pace yourself…”
“I thought you already knew— you work there, Tony, you can’t just
“Yeah, I bet you'd like that,” Steve hums, and Tony almost feels his heart stop.
“Nope,” Steve shakes his head, and pulls Tony to his side, arms thick and warm as they wrap themselves around him. “Come on, lemme see that smile.”
“I’ve been ready since you first asked me, babe,” Tony replies, and grins when Steve brushes the tip of his nose against Tony’s in an eskimo kiss. “Sap,” he sighs.
“You’re an ass,” Steve mumbles, lips brushing Tony’s shoulder with every word as he lowers his head back to where it was.
When Halloween arrives, and he takes Bucky to school in the finest Hawkeye costume he’d put together-- Natasha managed to find a replica suit in Bucky’s exact size, and Clint delivered on his personal mission to find "the most kick-ass bow and arrow set worthy of our little superhero"-- Tony's waiting for them again, with a whistle of appreciation that makes Steve blush even though he knows it’s not meant for him.
“Oh no,” Steve sighs, then looks around furtively. “Where is she now?”
Steve swallows the lump in his throat. “Isn’t he?”
Sometimes he'll stay for coffee, for an hour or two-- or five-- of stories and jokes and
“I’m proud of you, baby.”
“As long as you want me to,” Steve replies, and when his hand finds Tony’s, the cold feels a little farther away.
“If anything, it’ll be good for your cardio, Tony.”
