Steve thinks.
“Steve…” Tony repeats, because he feels like there’s nothing else he can say at the moment.
“Hey, Tones.”
Rhodey untangles Pepper’s arm from his and, upon entering the living room, starts walking over to one of the armchairs. He scoffs again before he takes off his suit jacket.
He doesn’t know if Pepper will ever have the opportunity to smile again, to roll her eyes exasperatedly like she does every time that annoying pop song she hates plays on the radio. He doesn’t know if there is any chance at all she will be able to love again, to live the life she deserves, to wear that white dress Tony promised her when he put that diamond ring on her finger.
Tony is alive but Steve only got to know him when he thought the man was dead.
“We haven’t tried anything yet,” Steve points out. “You’re thinking way too far ahead when we haven’t even tried anything.”
Her hand is still touching his face, her palm cupping his cheek, and Tony is not sure if the coldness he can feel there is from the metal of her engagement ring or from the shame taking root in his body. Maybe it’s both.
Getting up slowly, Tony disentangles himself from Steve’s grip and picks up the clothes they left scattered around the room the night before, carrying them to the bathroom and dumping them in the hamper.
It’s obvious who he’s referring too. Everyone did indeed show up for the meeting except for Thor.
“Do you have time to have dinner with me?” Tony asks, pretty sure already of what the answer will be.
“I thought Natasha would have told you we talked about it,” Tony says. “I told her I didn’t mean it. I never really wished I was dead.”
_______________________________
He keeps laughing for about a minute as Tony watches him nervously, out of depth. The only thing he can think to do is bring his hand from Steve’s shoulder to his head. Tony starts stroking Steve’s hair delicately, careful and attentive to any signal that Steve is uncomfortable with it.
Something in Tony’s chest had given a painful lurch at the words. “I’m glad you honored me with being able to see you watch them for the first time, then.”
“Okay, wow,” Tony exhales. “This is it.”
if it gets solved, things that need plans and maintenance and failsafes and recovery, because god knows how long it will take for things to go back to normal.
That last part is merely whispered, almost just mouthed. Tony feels his hand trembling and it takes him a couple of seconds to realize he’s not the one shaking; Steve is. It takes him another few seconds to notice Steve is laughing and not crying.
Only a few weeks ago Rhodey gave him and uncomplicated answer: Yes. And for a little while Tony  believed him. He wants Steve. At this point, he knows Steve wants him too. It was better to try and fail than never try at all. And oh, what they could become if they didn’t fail….
“We’re adults. And we’re still friends,” Natasha states, moving some of the lettuce around her plate and stabbing a tomato with her fork a little too forcefully, in Tony’s opinion. “We can still work together without feelings getting in the way.”
It’s Tony’s turn to nod.
“I’m disappointed in our stamina, though,” Tony comments.
In the end, there’s only one choice he can make.
The elevator comes just five seconds after Rhodey presses the button to call it and they walk inside. Rhodey is the one who calls upon JARVIS and he doesn’t need to consult Pepper or Steve before instructing him to take them to Pepper’s floor. This has become a routine for them by now, reconvening in Pepper’s floor for dinner, or a drink, or simply to greet each other when they all have a minute.
It takes around 3 minutes for them to be fully settled in the living room, the pizza boxes open on the coffee table, them sitting on the couch, the TV on but going completely ignored.
The smell of garlic never fails to take him back to hours spent with Jarvis in the kitchen, reading books or working on small, child-like projects as Jarvis hummed and stirred and fried. The sound of boiling water reminds him of college dorms and Rhodey and him living off of pasta for six days out of the week.
Tony shakes his head and he also finishes his drink so he can focus all of his attention on Steve. He moves the mug to the side and Steve promptly imitates him. This leaves them both one in front of the other, nothing but the table between us.
Steve shrugs and he laughs humorlessly, running a hand through his hair.
“That’s it, that’s good,” Tony encourages him. “Just breathe with me.”
Tony pauses in his speech and looks away towards his bots, then focuses his gaze on his workbench and then looks down at his hands.
“I understand,” Tony concedes. “But feelings don’t just go away because you want them to. He’s trying to give you time because time’s good.”
“I can build you all the gym equipment you need, baby. Just say the word,” Tony reminds him, as Steve brings him even closer to him, Tony’s body now in-between his legs.
The man brought his gloved hands up to his face and wiped his eyes off, trying to get rid of the snow that was still clinging to his eyebrows and goatee. Steve had thought he couldn’t be more embarrassed but he was proven wrong when he finally took in the man he had hit. He was
“Okay, Steve,” she accepts. “Take a seat.”
“Want to go take a walk?” he asks and although he’s looking in the direction of both him and Natasha Tony knows the question is solely aimed at him.
“We still need to talk and I want us to have a couple of days just for us,” Pepper voices.
He rushes through finishing his breakfast, leaving his coffee mug and plate on the sink for Steve to clean.
“So I’m sorry,” Tony states. “I’m sorry for attacking you and Barnes, I’m sorry we didn't have more times to discuss the Accords, I’m sorry that we didn’t speak in more than two years, I’m sorry that I made you feel like I was more on the Accords’ side than on your side when I just wanted to be on
He knows the confrontation with Steve needs to happen sooner rather than later but it’s still dreadful to realize. It’s been so long since he and Steve have had a real fight and the mere thought of this reverting all the positive steps they’ve taken in their relationship feels terrifying.
Pepper and him reach the bedroom and he opens the door, letting her in and then closing it behind him.
Everything feels like a luxury that day, starting with the fact that Steve’s day is mercifully free. Tony arranges it so the only thing he’ll have to do is be on a video-call with a group of Stark Industries employees from Johannesburg early in the morning, making it so he’ll be able to share the whole day with Steve.
He moves to bring his lips closer to Tony’s again but Tony puts his index finger on them, smooshing them a little.
There is a rather explicit sex scene in this chapter. If you don't want to read it you can skip it by stopping after
“Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you.”
Bruce shrugs. “I don’t think it would harm him more. I think it’d be worth a try.”
It’s not like it’s a difficult thing to figure out, a hard puzzle to put together. It should be even less difficult for Steve, who’s living through everything alongside Tony, who knows him better than anyone else in the world, at this point.
Avoiding Tony means Steve has to avoid Pepper and Rhodey too because the pair of them haven't left Tony’s side much at all since he came back.
It’s a slow process, sometimes so glacial that it feels like nothing is actually changing at all. But it is. If Tony thought he and Steve were learning about each other before this is a whole new level of connection.
They’re
Now, the Compound isn’t even worth being called a ghost, a phantom. The Compound is only the remembrance of a spirit, the last echoes of a soul that has been dead for too long to still be felt in any way.
Steve breaks his gaze away from Tony’s and looks around the room, his eyes seemingly analyzing little details here and there.
Steve picks up his head and looks between Tony and the coffee a couple of times before his gaze stays on Tony.
Most of the good times happen when both of them are believing that the desire to fit together romantically can overpower anything else in the world. The great times happen when they’re both trying to prove that love, because they’ve got so much of it for each other, can truly conquer everything. The bad times then arise when they have to once again admit the truth of it all: love is not enough, or at least -and this is even more painful to recognize- their love isn’t.
Tony thinks that even if he had been to do so physically he would have never found the mental strength before.
“Is it because I’ve had a bad day?” he asks, his voice sounding both upset and angry to his own ears.
“Do we?”
Tony stands in that moment, feeling a little too far away from his friends and the conversation, and walks the few steps it takes him to reach Natasha and Rhodey.
5:37AM.
Some of the reasons are weightier and more rational than others.
There’s only one way he can find out if what he feels for Tony is real or not: he needs to be with Tony, to spend time with him and get to know him as a person who’s really sharing space with him.
“I’m not trying to say making a decision is easy,” Rhodey clarifies. “Just… Maybe it isn't as complicated as you think it is. That’s all.”
“The Tower is being renovated of the damage it suffered in the battle but we could… We could arrange it so you’d have rooms there, a floor for each of you. For the whole team,” she explains. “We could make it a headquarters of sorts. I don’t know… Something like an Avengers Tower?”
Tony feels it then. Something breaking and reshaping itself.
He wakes up in the mornings and after a shower he walks into the closet and gravitates towards Steve’s side of it. He blindly picks up the first t-shirt (and sometimes pants) he finds and puts them on, continuing with his day as if that was totally normal.
Tony opens the door and nearly has his feet run over by DUM-E’s wheels in his excitement. Steve chuckles slightly from his place with the other bots when Tony stumbles a little trying to avoid bumping into DUM-E.
“I’m not ready yet.”
“I’m glad I have the others,” Steve clarifies. “I’m glad none of us are alone but… You’re my rock, Tony. Maybe it isn’t fair to put that on you but I needed you to know. I needed to thank you. I’ve learned my lesson about being open about my feelings and doing it at the right time.”
“There’s some things we have to do, some of them regarding our old team and—“
When Natasha comes into the room Tony has a tablet in his hands and he’s making his way through every news channel stream, every online newspaper, every social media platform he can think of and he’s reading about the real-life consequences the Decimation -as some media outlets have taken to calling the snap- have had on their world.
He thought that they had moved past the hesitancy and the doubts and that Steve knew now that there’s no one whose opinion or ideas Tony values more. They’ve come a long way from the days where giving each other a piece of their mind meant clashing.
Pepper’s tablet is still in her hands and she’s not moving towards the chair to sit down. The position is uncomfortable because it makes Tony have to look up at her and his neck feels stiff already so Tony gestures towards the chair, a silent question.
“Stark—Mr. Stark—“ Steve stumbles over his words, not entirely sure how to handle the situation. “Tony deserves it. He saved us all. He was a real hero.”
“Something like that,” she responds, although he doesn’t know if Nebula knows what golf even is.
Clint arrives at Avengers Compound with Natasha four days after she goes to Kazan looking for him.
Thor sleeps for two days straight.
“What?”
“Yeah,” Tony whispers.
Steve had said to Vision.
She still continues talking, though.
Knowing he’s free to stay silent makes Tony feel at ease but it doesn’t bring back his appetite so he’s left pushing the food on his plate with his fork around as he thinks of how Pepper’s upcoming visit that they have recently scheduled will work.
In the end, it’s the little things like that.
Tony…” Steve’s voice pulls Tony out of his head. He sounds steadier this time but no less broken. “We lost.”
The question makes Tony focus more intensely at Steve, his brow furrowed and his bottom lip caught between his lips. Steve looks back and forth a couple times between Tony’s eyes and his lips before catching himself and settling his gaze in the space between Tony’s eyebrows.
Tony takes her left hand and brings it over to his mouth slowly, kissing the ring on her finger as she smiles down at him.
Steve gapes at him mockingly but Tony ignores him and goes to eat more from the ice cream carton. Before he can, however, Steve retaliates and bumps Tony’s spoon out of his hand. Tony picks it up from where it fell on the table and he hits Steve’s spoon back while Steve is laughing. Steve hits Tony’s instinctively once again and for the next five minutes Tony and Steve find themselves involved in the most stupid and most useless war of all time. Spoon versus spoon, laughing all the way.
Steve didn't think he would but Stark made the ultimate sacrifice and he’s going to make sure his best friends know he died a hero.
“She’s always needed me to be someone else. Or well, not that. But she’s definitely needed me to change certain aspects of myself. She wanted me to be more reliable and less reckless. She needed to know I would be content with stepping aside and prioritizing us over… Well, the world. And I couldn’t do that even though she deserved it. Just like she couldn't become less strict or demanding just because I needed her to.”
Tony raises an eyebrow at her. “Hi, hello, nice to see you. Care to explain?”
For people not that close to him he’d try to find a flashy reply: one of their trips abroad, the first MET Gala they ever attended together, maybe. But if the person asking knew him well, he’d be completely and utterly honest: the time they cooked together for all of the Avengers for Thanksgiving and they ended up having to order take-out, the naps they take together on the roof on the Tower when it’s nice outside, or perhaps their late night marathons of
The world already knows, of course, after having witnessed what has now been baptized as The Battle of New York, so they do as well. They did as soon as it happened, as it was streamed and televised and radio narrated live in thousands of channels and by hundreds of people.
He has always known that dressing accordingly is a very important part of being a public figure, it being one of the few things his father personally taught him.
“I think we all are,” Natasha confirms.
Rhodey’s face is full of despair.
When Steve finally wakes up he does so in a startled manner, his body suddenly shooting up and going rigid in less than a second, like he’s preparing himself for battle already.
His relationship with Pepper has always worked a little bit in fits and bursts.
“You’re right about me not being able to say I love you yet,” Tony starts to explain. “I’ve got trust issues on top of my affection issues on top of self-worth issues and that makes it… Difficult for me to open myself up completely and give away all of me. But I can feel it happening, Steve, I’m falling for you too.”
Tony moves his right arm to wrap it around her shoulders and Pepper uses one of her legs to move it over his.
Distance makes the heart grow fonder, is what everyone says. Tony has learned through the years that although the saying might be true in some cases, sometimes distance is the only way you can ensure your own well-being.
“What?” Steve asks, confused.
And they work and they work and they work.
“Nebula,” Tony says.
It’s only two pats to his stomach through his t-shirt but it’s like something’s been ignited inside of Steve, a fire so blazing it consumes him from the inside.
Tony laughs as Steve continues to deliver brief bites to the skin of his neck and jaw, making him squirm.
First it was during the war when he obviously never had time to go sightseeing and even if he’d had it he would have never felt up to it in that situation. All the downtime he had was spent with the Commandos, playing card games and laughing boisterously, or sleeping, catching up on days without proper rest, trying to will the nightmares away.
Tony knows Steve has been more vocal than him about his opinions to Natasha in a few conversations but he has still stayed mostly out of it as well. Probably not because he’s short on things to say but because of how difficult working through his own things is without adding more things onto his plate.
“FRIDAY, lights out.”
Not a single sound is made, not a single muscle is moved. The world has stopped spinning and Steve and Tony are the last two people left standing in it, the last two survivors of their greatest fears combined. Everyone dying around them, being left alone again. Their worst nightmares and their grandest prophecies.
“Don’t even think about it.”
It’s really difficult to deny Steve anything when he looks this vulnerable, this open and trusting.
“A pact?” Steve asks warily.
When the time comes to talk about Peter Tony has to stop and his not talking creates a silence that stretches far beyond the recovery room. It reaches Tony’s heart, and he can feel it arriving in Queens, back where he first met the kid. He can almost see it traveling to every single place Peter ever touched and he can imagine it surrounding every person that has ever loved Peter like he has. And then it hits him for the first time.
This time Steve is the one to reach over and take a gulp from his glass of water, suddenly feeling like his mouth is very dry.
Miss Potts looks up and smiles at him.
And as a finale Steve finds himself standing in the balcony of their booked Roman apartment looking at the Coliseum, lights turned on for the night, the moon high in the sky looking over it and protecting it.
The only thing Tony feels compelled to say while he cries his heart away is, “Steve.”
Steve keeps most of the answers short but truthful and, little by little, he starts relaxing into the talk. Before he knows it his responses get more insightful and prompt both Pepper and Rhodey to make comments, to laugh, to share some of their own experiences in life with him.
Tony’s lips lift to the right in a small, amused smile. Each time one of them speaks -each time one of them makes the other one feel anything other than the way they made each other feel last night- the thin, imaginary sheet is pierced.
Steve rolls his eyes.
Steve frowns. “What do you mean?”
_______________________________
He’s asleep before the clock can tell him Steve’s gone for exactly eighteen minutes.
Steve Rogers has been, is and will be many things throughout his entire existence: a leader, a soldier, a man out of time, an Avenger, a friend, an stubborn fighter, a science experiment, a hero, a lover, a talented artist, a simple man.
“Fine. But if we’re late you explain it to Natasha and Pepper.”
thing? I bet you love that speech.”
Tony looks exactly the same as he did during the Battle of New York minus his Iron Man suit.
Tony raises an eyebrow at him. “Don’t you dare start doing any work, Steven. This is your free day.”
“I can’t even see your face and I know you’re pouting.”
_______________________________
Steve moves his head so he can look at Tony through his eyelashes and the picture he paints should be illegal in all states, Tony thinks. He looks debauched and angelic all at once, his blue eyes bright and his wet smile joyous. Tony brings his fingers to Steve’s lips and he traces the outline of them delicately. Steve captures two of Tony’s fingers with his mouth and he sucks thoroughly on them, his cheeks hollowing as his tongue works around the digits.
He doesn't say anything. He waits for Natasha to expand on her thoughts, watching her continue to sip at the wine.
“Okay, they kind of are.”
Natasha lightly slapped her boyfriend in the back of his neck while looking at the man -
_______________________________
“That actually sounds like a perfect plan,” Steve agrees making Tony’s face break into a small and soft smile.
Steve’s and Tony’s first kiss happens in the most normal and at the same time most unsuspecting of times and places. It happens in the workshop.
The kiss is perfect, even better now than it was before. It’s like everything that was holding Steve back before has dissipated thanks to Tony’s reassurances and promises.
Steve laughs ruefully. “Yeah, God, the worst. I should have never said we should sleep apart.”
“Show me,” Thor blurts out and Bruce’s face breaks from its blankness and starts showing confusion.
He doesn’t say it but he pours the feeling into the kiss he places on Tony’s lips. And because it’s Tony, and because they’re
“Nat,” Rhodey says, softly. “You know what the situation’s been like.”
It’s such a small comment, such a flyway mention, but everyone at the table notices Tony’s flinch when Natasha pronounces Pepper’s name.
“But there really is nothing you can do,” she states, shrugging her shoulders as she meets Steve’s eyes. It looks like she’s almost challenging him to try and think differently.
The fear Tony feels when thinking of a next time or their future hasn’t completely vanished. It’s still there, looming around Tony’s mind and heart, waiting to pounce at any given moment and he knows this.
Tony opens the bedroom door and gestures at Steve so he’s the first of the two to walk through it. Steve’s arm grazes Tony’s own when he walks past him and Tony feels it like a shock to his system. He walks into the bedroom after Steve and hesitates when he goes to instinctively close the door. He closes it after a few seconds of inaction and then turns around to find Steve sitting on the edge of the right side of his bed.
Natasha buries her face between Tony’s shoulder and neck. She makes no sound but Tony feels unmistakable wetness on his skin.
Rhodey is by his side in a second, placing one of his hands under one of Tony’s elbows, ready to catch him if he falls.
Rhodey has once again had to leave Tony alone, this time due to an urgent meeting being called in the White House, a meeting that Rhodey knew he had to attend if he didn’t want to military to come knocking down the door of the Avengers Compound, no matter how many times Tony reminded him the doors could take the assault.
Steve wouldn't say he and Tony are boring, predictable or narrow-minded in bed. But Steve also wouldn't say they’re the most adventurous people on Earth. At first this worried him, a little bit because of Tony’s objective past and a little bit because of Tony’s rumored past. He thought maybe Tony would get bored of him, that he wouldn't be enough to keep Tony interested. But it’s been months since they worked those insecurities out of their relationship. With time they’ve actually found that they’re more compatible in bed than they ever could have dreamt.
“And going to the mansion so that you can be all alone… I don’t like it. You have Bruce, Natasha, Thor and Steve there.  And Rhodey, for now.”
“You’ll love him,” Pepper says, a smile on her face. “You’re a hero too, Steve. The world may not have Iron Man anymore but we’re lucky to still have Captain America. You’re a leader. People follow you. Maybe together we can protect this world like Tony did. I don’t have powers or anything like that but I have a company and I could use it to do some good with you.”
“I don’t think…” Bruce starts but his voice trails off.
“Growing up I only had one friend… Bucky,” Steve says and Tony’s breath catches on his throat.
Bruce’s words create an invisible but telling effect on the rest of them. They all know out of all of them Bruce had been the closest to Thor since the time he spent on space that he hasn't yet told anyone else about. He had been the one trying the hardest to help pull Thor out of the grand, black hole the Asgardian had fallen in and every time he failed he still stood next to Thor, lending him a shoulder to cry on, sitting with him as Thor didn’t say a word in hours, making sure he wouldn’t harm himself too badly.
“That was actually the second movie, Rhodes.”
It takes Bruce three more days to deem Tony fit enough to be let out of bed and the recovery room.
No one is back.
When Rhodey finally picks up his phone after the third call JARVIS puts through he’s the first one to ask if what’s happening is real. JARVIS quickly confirms it is, reassuring them by saying he’s run any sort of test he could think of running, and Tony himself makes some kind of inside joke that only Rhodey understands and that makes him choke on his words when he promises he’ll be there as soon as he can, twenty four hours maximum. Steve tears up again when Rhodey pronounces a heartfelt I love you to Tony before hanging up.
“I’ll help too if you give me the go ahead then,” Rhodey accepts. “I’ll act as the middle man like always.”
“I don’t know if the clothes can be saved. This is an insane amount of motor oil they have on them, Tony.”
“I wish I could give you something more than this, too,” Steve murmurs.
_______________________________
But are they really on the same team? Is there even a team anymore?
“I felt like the Accords were something that was dumped on us, like we didn’t have a choice in the matter. How could they be the best decision for us when we didn’t even have a say in them?”
The situation is also trying for Steve and Tony, but in a different way. Part of their deep feelings about the issue stem from their role as natural co-leaders of the Avengers. They feel responsible for their people and for their well-being and that can become exhausting, but that also means they feel a near constant need to keep clear-headed and focused.
He’s taking a sip of his new glass of wine when Pepper speaks again.
Steve has never believed in fate or destiny but he now wonders if maybe there was something inside him that always knew Tony would come back to take his place next to Steve. If maybe he was unconsciously waiting for things to become what they were always meant to be.)
And then he fought again. And he lost again. There was no team to lose this time and yet he managed to lose it.
Steve thinks about it as he takes a deep breathe and he quickly dismisses the idea. This isn’t the first time he and Tony are trying out something new but not actually having Tony next to him makes Steve feel weirdly nervous in a way he wasn't even the first time they actually slept together. The idea of hearing Tony’s voice should calm him but instead it only adds to the shaking of his hands. He likes the slight freedom texting gives him, the time he can take to look for the words he wants to say.
“Nat, I’m sorry,” Steve says, getting up from the chair and sitting next to her. He places an arm around her shoulders even as she stays stiff in her place.
After he’s eaten a slice of his pizza Steve looks at Pepper again and she swallows the mouthful of pasta she had in her mouth and dabs delicately at her mouth with her cloth napkin.
“Look, you don’t have to interact with me in order to be friends with them,” Tony explains. “I don’t want you to cut ties with them just because I’m suddenly and magically back.”
Pepper tells him often he’s one of the kindest people she’s ever met. She normally says this after Steve has done something special that he thinks will brighten her day like brought her her favorite Starbucks drink to her office, sent her a funny puppy video he saw online or given her one of his most recent drawings.
Tony moves away once again, this time so he’s able to look into Steve’s eyes.
“I don’t know if Sir would have liked it,” JARVIS comments and Steve is convinced JARVIS is trying to tease and make light of the situation. “But I thought it would help you in your situation.”
“It wasn't your fault,” Tony says. “But yeah, I was sorry too.”
Nebula has come into the room but she’s standing stiffly next to the door, arms hanging limply by her sides.
And Tony does know.
him after so long, it proves to Tony that even from the darkest and most difficult times things can grow and blossom, things that you never imagined. Things that you never knew you wanted and now you can’t imagine who you’d be without them.
Two minutes after Bruce’s departures Steve clears his throat gently, pulling Tony’s attention away from the book he was reading on his tablet. Tony switches the screen off and turns to the left look at him where they’re both sharing the couch. Steve looks fidgety, running a hand through his hair and mussing it up, one of his knees bouncing lightly and making the couch shake lightly.
And he keeps talking. He keeps pushing Tony.
It’s the third time in two days they’re having this conversation and, normally, Steve would have dropped the topic by now, giving Tony space and not pushing so vehemently, but he can tell something isn’t quite right in the smiles Tony gives the rest of the team when the topic of his birthday comes up.
That day after their conversation -their first ever real and completely open conversation, Tony thinks- Steve and Tony made breakfast and spent almost the entire day together, waiting to see if Bruce and Natasha would return or if maybe just Natasha would come rely some information to them about Bruce’s state.
a long time ago. Perhaps their goodbyes have always been more joyful.
There was once a time when he didn’t think he would make it to this age. There once was a time -very recently, he’s not going to lie- when he desperately wished he wouldn't make it to this age.
The bots really help make things easier between them and Steve gets Tony to tell them the stories of how he built all of them.
“You’ll tell me how I can help there too, right?” Tony asks her.
The fight never ends even when it seems like there isn’t a fight anymore.
In recent times, every time he has stayed in New York, either by himself or both Pepper and him have stayed at the old Stark mansion.
“I don’t want to lose her,” he declares.
Steve makes an inquisitive sound at Tony’s comment and Tony lets out a puff of air, a little breathy laugh.
The silence is still surrounding the team when Steve finally addresses the issue and asks, “What’s going on?”
Tony raises his eyebrows in mock indignation.
Nebula clears her throat, “You were a good contender, Stark.”
Short minutes later, Steve walks out of the walk-in closet completely dressed and Tony pouts.
Tony brings the spoon over to his mouth and eats the spoonful of ice cream, letting out a pleased hum after swallowing.
“How can I make it better for Clint when his whole family is gone? And I don’t even know where I’m supposed to start with Thor… Thor, who I would have sworn was unbeatable.”
Before.
He doesn’t know if Rhodey is still breathing, if he’s still commanding the attention of every single person that surrounds him with the simple act of being him. If he will fight to create a memorial for Tony. Rhodey, the only person who has always seen him as a hero, even long before he was Iron Man. Should Tony be happy he’s safe? Or should he be mourning his best friend during these last few moments of his life?
, he thinks,
In the end, Tony ends up blurting it out when he picks up a videoconference call from Pepper in his workshop and Pepper just smiles sweetly at him and tells him she’s happy for him. Then, she proceeds to announce she, too, has been seeing someone else and Tony would be offended that she stole his thunder so fast if he didn’t appreciate her so much.
“I guess I’m getting too old for this,” Rhodey jokes as he gets up from the couch. He bends his waist a little back and forth and then to the sides, making his back crack.
Bruce sighs and he takes off the glasses he’s wearing to clean them with the hem of his cotton t-shirt. At the same time he bends his knees and sits on the edge of his bed, leaving Tony, Natasha and Steve to position themselves standing in a semi-circle around him.
There are more than enough reasons for Tony to shut things down, more than enough reasons as to why he has been ignoring it all, even when he knows Steve also knows he’s doing it.
Steve opens his eyes and meets Tony’s guiltily.
Pepper chuckles lightly. “I remember that too! It was so sweet and Tony was so… baffled.”
Tony moves his gaze to the red-head and gets caught in the power of her stare.
Steve nods. “Yeah, perfect.”
He even teaches Tony how to make some of his favorite childhood foods and while Tony is not the most skilled culinary student Steve never runs out of patience.
She sits down in the sofa and takes off her shoes, curling up with her legs under her.
He stays silent throughout lunch as they all eat the food Rhodey specially ordered from the little Italian place they used to visit all the time when they were both at MIT. The restaurant has miraculously stayed open all these years and the first bite of Eggplant Parmigiana brings Tony back a good thirty something years.
It was only after he formed the Howling Commandos that Steve stepped into a leadership role and, if asked, he would never deny that he had his difficulties, especially at the very beginning, with being the head of the troop. It took him a long time to not second guess his every decision and, at times, he still did every time he closed his eyes. He got better at everything that being a leader entailed but it took practice and patience and support -a lot of support- from his friends and comrades.
Steve bows his head a little.
He should have known Tony would be the one person to make the dream come true because of course it’d be Tony.
Steve hated being a leader when he lost Bucky because it wasn’t just his fault as his best friend but also as his commanding officer. He hated having to be the one always making the sacrifice when he put the plane down into the ice. He hated still being viewed as Captain America when he woke up 70 odd years into the future and people still looked at him for guidance.
“I can always leave now and just leave him behind. He’d have no choice but to stay,” Valkyrie offers matter-of-factly.
It’s been a little over a week since the first time Bruce transformed in front of Tony and he’s seen it a couple more times since then but he has to admit how incredible it still feels to see some of it.
Tony uses his right hand to run soothing circles on Steve’s back, working with some of the things that have made Tony feel better in the past in the moments when things have seemed too out of control and his shoulders had wanted to crumble under the world’s weight.
“Nat?” Steve calls out towards the inside of the room. “It’s us. Me and Tony.”
“What are you thanking me for?” Tony asks.
“Hey, Pep,” he starts. “Actually… Hey, everyone. I don’t kn- I don’t even know who will see this recording. I don’t even know who’s—“ His voice breaks and his eyes water but he closes them firmly, refusing to let the tears fall. “I don’t even know who’s still there.”
“Okay,” Steve agrees. “I can’t promise you the Avengers but I can give you myself, for what’s it worth.”
“You’d team up with me, right? You’d be on my paintball team?”
Making use of every last bit of courage left in him Tony clears his throat to signal his waking up.
Natasha scoffs and beckons Steve, who is still waiting on the threshold of the door, closer.
“Indeed, Captain,” JARVIS confirms. “After Afghanistan Sir developed some anxiety problems and I learnt about it to help him to the best of my abilities.”
Natasha, Wanda, Sam, Steve and Vision had taken residence there and Rhodey, as always, came and went as he pleased. Some of SI’s divisions had been moved as well and even new people had been employed to help the Avengers with some of the most tedious, bureaucratic and technological tasks.
Natasha pulls her hand away from Tony’s as she shrugs. “It’s no one’s fault. That’s the most difficult part, maybe.”
He feels more composed when he turns back to look at Steve and this time he finds him being the one looking up at the Moon.
Steve gives him a sad smile and moves his right arm to place in the place where Tony’s shoulder meets his neck. Steve squeezes gently and it makes Tony sigh.
“I guess,” Steve replies, shrugging and trying to make light of the situation.
“Tony,” Steve grunts, bucking his hips against Tony’s with force, his cock bumping right into Tony’s.
Tony breathes in and lets the tension of the previous day slip away. There will be other bad days, they’ve both acknowledged, but they’re on the same side of things, now and always.
Tony starts nodding eagerly and he makes sure to make eye contact through his tears with Steve’s own gaze.
There is some unmistakable resignation in him, though. Resignation about the fact that this is now the life he’s got to live, that these are the cards he’s been dealt. There’s never peace in his life, just a mockery of it, just like it feels like there is never justice. He never wins and maybe that’s karma or some bullshit like that but what about the others who lose with him? They deserve so much better and they’re never granted their break.
Steve swallows harshly and puts his phone down on his kitchen counter and goes out for a run.
After he joined the Avengers he came to the realization that they would have to deal with the exact same things.
to hear it. But every time there’s an opening, when an opportunity presents itself perfectly, Steve always deflects and it’s never even subtle.
Tony didn’t feel like he need confirmation from anyone but it’s nevertheless nice to know he’s not just created a convenient narrative in his head to make himself feel better about his choices and their consequences.
. It’s a loop playing in his mind.
(It might also have to do with how it starts to become a daily occurrence, obvious and never hidden, but overall it
“Oh, fuck you too, Banner,” Clint retorts. “We get it, I’m just a piece of shit.”
In Bruce’s case, his support is quieter and mellower than both Clint’s and Thor’s supports, as is to be expected. It feels grander for Tony, however, because it makes him feel a little bit more connected to Bruce. When Bruce asks him and Steve to accompany him to one of his volunteer activities one weekend, Tony’s reminded of all those hours he and Bruce spent together after the Battle of New York, all those times that had made them bond greatly, transforming them into so much more than mere co-workers.
“It’s what comes after that scares me. It’s what could happen after we talk that could make me lose you even if we didn't want it to. I’m afraid that I’m going to ruin us, ruin all the work we’ve put into being okay. Into being what we are now. If I talked to you about is I could risk us making a bad decision.”
The kitchen is so silent it feels eerie and Tony misses the sound of Steve’s labored breathing. If Tony breathes loudly enough he can imagine Steve is still sitting right in front of him but the minute he opens his eyes the fantasy shatters.
Having her in front of him is painful and delightful both because if there was one thing he never doubted through everything that happened between them back then was that Natasha was hurting too. If there was something he never once doubted it was that Natasha, inexplicably, after everything they had been through, cared about him too.
Like watching a flower bloom in the middle of a forest, witnessing Steve opening up is a beautiful and awe-inspiring experience.
He doesn’t do it on purpose, he doesn’t seek out Steve’s t-shirts each morning and ponder carefully which one to take. It feels more like an automatic and effortless action.
This is what Steve’s been wanting for a while, the opportunity to build something real with Tony.
Tony shrugs ad Thor finally meets his gaze. His face is hardened, rough stubble painting his cheeks and dark circles under his eyes. He looks defeated, not just by Thanos, not just because of all the battles he lost but because of all the days he’s still have to live.
He’s taking his first sip of the drink when he hears the shuffle of feet behind him.
_______________________________
He feels like two people at once and he’s not sure which of the two Steves he’d prefer to commit to.
The others looked surprised at his less than eloquent intervention but Tony can feel this is not a conversation he should check out off, and although they don’t disappear, his worries about Pepper and what’s to come take a backseat to what is happening at the moment at this table.
Steve’s true favorite moments are the ones that he gets to have most often, the ones that don’t take his breath away but, on the contrary, remind him of all the reasons he has to breathe. His favorite moments happen in the most normal days because he gets to see Tony as he truly is, no inhibitions or masks, and he gets to be just as natural back.
“Yeah, right.” Bucky gibed but Steve wasn’t paying attention. He was still trying to figure out where he had heard the man’s name before. Tony.
“Tony.”
than anything else ever could.
The night is long and arduous and Tony isn’t able to sleep for longer than 15 minutes. He’s tired but not really physically so. His bad days always leave him drained of mental energy, of will to go through another day. His body, however, always seems to know it hasn't done anything at all.
Tony shakes his head and looks around the space. He intertwines his fingers and cracks the joints of them as he looks back at Thor.
“Tony,” Steve whispers.
“I guess.” He concedes.
Tony lives in a world where there is no rest to be had because the people he lost and the people he’s kept still haunt him.
On the days when going out feels more like an underserved privilege instead of a treasured opportunity, Steve and Tony stay home.
“Sorry, got a bit lost in my head,” Tony tries to explain, hoping it won’t prompt more questions from Natasha. To make sure of it, he moves back to the topic they had been focusing on. “And I’m sorry about you and Bruce. You guys deserve to be happy.”
“Steve, all of that is…” Tony says, leaving the sentence incomplete.
Tony doesn’t feel the need to perform in front of any of them, he long ago left the feeling of needing to sell himself as stronger, or wittier, or harsher with them. He can just
But because they’re now experts at reading each other, Tony was right in thinking Steve would want him to talk about it.
The two-month anniversary of the Decimation comes around and they do their best to ignore it as they work the day away but when Tony’s stomach rumbles and he starts feeling light on his feet -easier to happen now than before- they put everything aside and call Natasha to see if she wants to have dinner with them because maybe ignoring it while the three of them are together will be easier somehow, right?
“What can I say? You, Rhodey and JARVIS really knew how to sell him,” he jokes and it makes Pepper laugh.
She sighs and it sounds weary and sorrowful, something that comes from deep beneath her chest.
They’re both giving each other bunny ears and stupidly that’s the thing that prompts Tony to start crying.
“That’ll be nice to see.”
“I will,” he says, before retreating and leaving Stark’s best friends to listen to dozens more of consolations, well wishes and words of regret that won’t bring their Tony back to them.
would most likely be the one making a defusing joke.
“Sam was a really good friend, too,” Steve comments. “Maybe the first one I made all on my own since Buck. I mean, you, Natasha, the Avengers… Before we were truly friends we were co-workers so there was something there that bound us but… Sam was my friend before anything else. I don’t think I was that good of a friend to him.”
Tony doesn't always wake up before Steve, but when he does, he’s not ashamed to say he likes watching Steve sleep for a minute or so. The way Steve’s chest falls and rises, the way is mouth is always slightly open… It’s intimate in a way nothing else can be, not even exploring the inside of Steve’s mouth with his tongue.
Steve nods. “Okay, okay.”
_______________________________
Tony’s hands settle on Steve’s head, his fingers tangling up in Steve’s blond locks, but he doesn’t push or deter Steve’s movements, just feels the strands of hair with his palms and fingertips.
Natasha keeps still, only moving her arms to her hips and cocking her head to the side, her eyes still focused on Tony, peeling away his resolution by the second.
Steve only looks up when he notices the silence that has settled over the room, and he realizes Tony must have asked JARVIS to turn the music off without Steve even hearing him speak.
Steve and him haven’t spoken a word to each other in a little over four weeks and the idea of having to face him makes Tony weak at the knees, even in his position lying in bed.
Tony isn’t sure how long he stays there, just looking at him.
“You look so thin,” she comments.
It’s dark, it’s cold and it’s wet. It could just as well be the cave in Afghanistan but Tony knows it isn’t. He knows the cave in Afghanistan like the back of his hand, like a piece of his own soul, both from the dragging months he spent there and from the revisiting he has done in his imagination throughout the later years. This isn’t the cave in Afghanistan, it’s the bottom of the ocean. And it’s swallowing him whole.
_______________________________
“It’s…” Tony tries to explain. “It’s weird. I feel sad, which I expected and I know is normal. But I also feel…I don’t want to say happy because that’s not true but…”
It’s easy for Steve to get lost in his memories, it always has been.
Tony looks between her and Rhodey and wonder if it’s his friend’s presence making her uncomfortable or if the fact that they’re not in space anymore with only each other for company plays a part in Nebula’s aloof demeanor.
He wants to make it through and that’s what stubbornly keeps him in bed, first on his back, then laying on his right side and then turning to the left.
If Tony had to describe Steve’s expression in a single term after his words that would be bewilderment. Which Tony can’t help but feel too at the thought that maybe Steve has never truly known -or believed, at least- any of the things Tony is telling him.
Natasha nods. “I know we’ve been trying to locate him and we’ve succeeded before only to lose him again, but we haven’t actually been trying hard and you know it, Tony.”
Thor moves forward and takes Bruce’s glasses of off the Hulk’s face. Bruce tries to grab them off of his hands back but Thor keeps them out of his reach as he keeps laughing and laughing and laughing.
Tony closes his eyes and takes a deep breath, willing his walls and his defenses down.
Tony doesn’t feel quite ready to step back into SI work yet but involving himself in the organization his mother started makes him feel a little more at peace, a little more grounded.
There is no other option but to leave the mystery of Steve’s clothes for another day.
“What?” Tony prompts her.
Tony laughs at the reality and the irony of the statement.
Tony shakes his head repeatedly and taps his chest with Steve’s hand twice. He shrugs and moves his free hand to wipe the tears from under Steve’s eyes.
Victories. Small but hard-earned ones.
He looks defeated like Tony has never seen Bruce look before, and that already says something for a man who’s default mood since Tony has met him has been tired, nervous, squeamish and tired again.
” to confirm their plans are still on.
DUM-E seems content with the gesture and he goes back to his previous position next to Steve. Steve, for his part, is getting to his feet slowly, having to maneuver a little bit around the movements of the bots but not motioning them away.
“I know we said we have time and we don’t have to talk about everything today but there is one more thing I want to apologize for.”
Steve’s hands are obviously shaking where they’re placed against Tony’s shoulder and waist and though Steve’s solidness is what’s keeping Tony upright, there is something in Steve’s face that tells Tony he’s just as responsible for keeping Steve standing.
Steve’s breathing has slowed down enough that now it can’t be heard and the silence that creates makes Tony weirdly uncomfortable and it makes him deeply aware of every part of him that’s touching Steve.
“Captain,” she says, making him turn around to face them again.
It seems like now that Steve has started speaking he can’t stop himself from pouring it all out and Tony relinquishes in the downpour and works hard on not missing even a single comma.
“Steve, you sap.”
Tony opens his mouth to reply but he can’t seem to find the right words to explain. He backpedals twice after starting a sentence before shaking his head and sighing. Steve shakes his head back at him and with quiet defeat driving his limbs, he walks towards the couch and sits next to Tony. There are at least four inches between them but Tony feels Steve as if their whole bodies were pressed together. He also feels as if Steve’s was the furthest away from his that it’s been in the past year.
“I wish we could stay here forever,” Steve declares, looking over Tony’s shoulder at the Coliseum and trying to commit everything from this moment to memory: the smell of Tony, the feel of him in his arms, the position of each and every single one of the stars in the night sky, the sounds of cars wheeling by and the soft murmur of voices of the people below them.
“That’s what I think it is, Steve. You are what’s finally bringing the Avengers together. We just needed you to be wholly with us,” Natasha concludes.
“I always understood why you did what you did and why you said what you said,” she declares. “I was truly on your side, Tony.”
“I think I knew that there was no way for us to reverse the snap.”
Special thanks to Jaime -once again- for his support and his beta work. This story wouldn't be possible without you! All remaining mistakes are mine and mine alone.
“I didn’t mean to make this dinner so depressing,” she jokes, but there’s a hint of nervousness in her words. “You shouldn’t have to listen to me complain about this.”
“Steve,” Tony says, knowing that one word will the do the trick.
“Government officials, law enforcement agencies and international committees are all calling for this,” she’s explained.
Sometimes, when it’s lunch time and Tony walks into the Compound kitchen, the smells of cooking foods take him back to a time when he’d love spending hours next to Jarvis, watching him stir sauces and season meats.
Now, Tony can’t think of any other way it could be: Bruce by his side in the lab as they work the day away, Natasha by his side after both of their nightmares even if it gets hard for them to admit what they’re still doing up.
“I get it,” Pepper says. “You’re all your own people and the team up was more of a necessity kind of deal but… I think it could be so much more than that.”
Taking action Steve says, “Let me just…”
“Okay, okay.” Steve laughs and just like that it feels like the curse that had been set between them finally breaks.
-, “I promise Steve is normally better at first impressions, Tony.”
“Is she—“ Tony can’t even finish the question, his fear eating away his voice and his mind.
Rhodey stays silent as he takes one more spoonful of cookie dough. He doesn’t say a word but his gaze is loud enough for Tony to hear.
Pepper coos at him.
Steve closes his eyes and bites his lip as he feels his heart breath erratically at Pepper’s comment.
“And I might be a little biased here,” Steve goes on. “But I think you deserve complete happiness, Tony. Whether that comes from being with someone who completely suits you and understands you or from never stepping out of the Iron Man suit. You deserve to be happy, Tony.”
“Yeah,” Steve confirms. “It was actually pretty easy.”
The elevator ride is short and when they stop in the common floor and the doors open Steve takes Tony’s right hand and drags him gently out of it and starts walking them towards the living room.
I hope y'all enjoy this chapter <3
Bucky discreetly looked towards Steve and Steve nodded at him and signaled Sam’s position. Bucky then turned his back towards it, and continued moving forwards slowly. Sam seemed to make a decision (the one Steve had expected him to make) and left his hiding place to pursue Bucky.
He’s scared, that’s what’s happening. Steve’s scared of this new change in his life because, historically, changes haven’t particularly been easy for him.
As he looks around he realizes this is true for everyone in this room, even the people he didn’t know well before this moment. Their emotions, their fears, their regrets… He can see them in every single person in the room.
If anyone had told him only a month before that this is how he would be acting when they got Tony back he wouldn't have believed them. For months he wished he could bring Tony back for Pepper and Rhodey. He dreamed of having Tony in battles with the team. He ached to be able to talk to Tony without any of the anger, miscommunication and pain they both had had during their interactions before Tony died. And now that all of those things are within his reach he’s the one who is retreating and hiding.
He was standing in front of the windows of an old hardware shop, the display presented to the public full of 80s and 90s technological devices.
“Yes,” Tony confirms. “It’s more than okay. I have no words to… Just… Thank you.”
“Okay, smart ass, whatever.” Bucky sat on Steve’s bed while Steve rummaged through his closet for some jeans and a thick, wool sweater. “We’re having a snow war!”
“I’m afraid to wake up one day and find that my body has gone back to what it was before the serum,” Steve says as he’s laying on a bed at SHIELD’s infirmary, his left leg broken after a mission but already healing.
Bruce doesn't seem convinced despite Tony’s reassurances and although he moves his gaze back to Steve his eyes dart towards Tony a couple more times in just a few seconds.
Steve mentions the book he’s reading at one point, a book that Tony recommended to him, and they get so absorbed by the conversation that everything else around them fades. It’s only once FRIDAY reminds Tony of his video-conference that he realizes he’ll be late if he doesn't go to the bedroom to change now.
He mustn’t do a very good job at hiding his discomfort for long because the conversation completely changes when Pepper steals a glance at him.
Steve goes silent and ponders about it. “Or maybe that was just the fact that eating felt like a luxury sometimes. Maybe she wasn’t that good of a cook and it felt like she was because I was always so hungry.”
Nothing ever leaves him, it all stays with him.
Natasha shrugs, “Steve wouldn’t tell me unless you were all here.”
Maybe that’s another one of those little things that Tony’s grown to love so much. It’s the patience and the commitment to getting it right. The desire to do the best they can because what they’re building is worth the effort.
“Oh man, he would have flirted with you non-stop.”
But slowly Steve’s face starts to shift and although some shifts are too quick for Tony to catch he can see that much of it has to do with Steve processing everything that’s happening. Steve’s truly thinking things through and although Tony isn’t privy to Steve’s private thoughts he hopes Steve is at least being kind to himself and everything he’s been through.
“Trust me, Steve,” Pepper demands. “You won’t.”
The fewer regrets he takes with him the more peaceful it will feel, he hopes.
“Up.” He orders.
“Very few people do. Sir always made sure these kind of things about him stayed very private,” JARVIS explains. “I believe he saw them as a weakness and he thought other people would take advantage of them. I think they show the strength Sir actually had.”
They’re all in the living room, this time Clint included, and Natasha has been trying to explain for the past twenty minutes the necessity of a hearing for Clint’s case.
The non-sequitur confuses Tony and makes him turn his body towards Steve’s looking deeply into his eyes to try and find an explanation.
“So…” Steve started saying. “what were you and Clint doing here before I, you know….?”
Bucky comes up in some of their conversations and for the first time in a long time saying his best friend’s name doesn’t feel like blasphemy. He talks about their time as kids and he talks about their times as adults and it feels fitting and liberating to finally be honoring in some way.
A light.
And here is Pepper Potts, one of the few people in the world who is still remembering and mourning Tony Stark over Iron Man. Because yes, even though they were only one person there was still a difference between them and Pepper wants to honor Tony for who he was. Steve wants to think his friends did the same for him.
Natasha nods her confirmation. “I know what the four incidents these past months have been like, yes.”
Seeing Natasha is a pleasant surprise, as she has been even busier than Steve, however impossible that may seem.
Tony’s lost for a while, drifting aimlessly even though he’s not walking, his mind traveling far and wide, so many miles away one minute and then snapping back in a second to the here and now.
One year already.
“Steve,” Tony whispers. “I don’t… I don’t know what to say.”
His body aches softly when he has to stretch to take it but he manages to respond before Pepper hangs up.
_______________________________
“I know how to operate this thing and I’m honored Tony thought of me to wear it but…” Rhodey swallows heavily. “It’s not me in the way Iron Man was Tony.”
Tony doesn’t have his phone with him and he doesn't have a tablet or computer to keep him distracted either. For a minute he debates taking Steve’s but he realizes how unfair to Steve’s privacy that would be and also, he most likely has a code that while Tony most likely could guess he’s too tired to put thought into.
“Months ago you told me that you weren’t ready for this, that you weren't ready to take it back.”
In his personal sessions with his psychologist, however, Tony has been more decisive without ever fully vocalizing the thought. The questions were a little more direct, the exercises in recovery a little more self-aware.
“I know you’re not excited for this party and I’ve known it since the topic first came up,” Steve continues making his point. “I just want to know why you’re not saying anything about it to the others.”
Steve nods and he smiles, aiming the expression a little bit towards the ceiling.
Tony frowns. “Wha— What?”
The fight never ends.
They pull away from the embrace as Natasha scrunches her nose a little and tilts her head to the side, her face showing a bitter expression.
“Captain Rogers.”
Tony sighs, resigned to the fact that Steve will push until he really does go to sleep, and throws his body down into the mattress, his legs still hanging from it.
Tony doesn’t need him to elaborate further to immediately understand, and Steve knows this simply by taking a quick look out of the corner of his eye at Tony’s face.
“This is going to sound cheesy as hell and I hate myself for even saying it but: we can’t fix a broken heart,” Tony says. “That’s what Natasha’s suffering from. That’s what all of us are suffering from, actually. But today we helped. We just… We’ve got to take that for what’s it worth.”
It’s only been for days of them staying in Rome but Steve thinks he could make a life of being here with Tony and although he knows it’s a pipe dream at best he also will miss the indulgence of imagining it be true as they head back to the States.
Steve smiles softly at him. “I said, would you mind walking me to my room?”
“No, they’re not.” disagreed Bucky, still out of breath.
Steve, piece by piece, starts confiding in them.
Steve has a gift for making Tony feel safe even when the joke is at his expense or when he should be feeling uncomfortable. With other people and in other situations Tony feels the need to hide and perform but with Steve it’s always the truth and nothing else.
Steve shakes his arms a little to bring attention to the clothes he’s carrying.
“Okay.”
There’s one person, though, truly isolated from all of them. Only one person who still seems capable to hide from Tony’s gaze, still capable to hide himself away.
“I love you,” Tony repeats, and he buries himself in Steve’s lips once more.
Tony feels like he hasn’t blinked or even breathed for the entirety of Steve’s retelling.
Rhodey departs when his two-weeks leave is over and the Compound seems a thousand times bleaker than normal. It’s not for a lack of things to do, though, because Stark Industries work picks up considerably for Tony.
A voice Tony wasn't expecting to take part in the conversation speaks up.
“No trust. Liar.”
Tony, predictably, heads for the coffee first and then takes a sit next to Bruce, who offers him a smile with crumbs all over his yet unshaved stubble.
The last time Steve had seen Tony’s phone his lock-screen had shown a picture Steve himself had taken. It had been a photo of Tony and Peter holding up Peter’s first place trophy from a state-wide science competition the teenager had participate in and that Steve and Tony had gone to to support him.
With Steve it feels different, more natural.
“I’d love to,” Tony accepts before letting go of Steve’s hand and standing. “Now, would you like another plate?”
“Hey, Tony,” Bruce greets, his voice a little deeper than normal but as soft as Bruce normally sounds. “This is it, I guess.”
Is Steve still alive? Did he die fighting Thanos? Did he die during the snap? Did his ashes also sway with the wind as his unbecoming took over him?
“I…,” she stammers. “I might possibly feel your absence too. Who knows?”
Pitiful.
Steve’s schedule helps the matter, too. He’s out of the Compound more often than not and a lot of times he’s away from his phone, either because of classes or group sessions. It’s convenient for Tony, who has been  trying to gett into the habit of turning off his phone so he won’t be tempted to text Steve.
“For a while now,” Steve confirms. “Maybe before he even came back.”
He calls Pepper at one point, at first just to hear her breathing, then needing to hear her voice. When she tells him she did remember the date and even organized a Stark Industries vigil on Malibu he hangs up on her. He feels guilty and then he doesn’t and then he does again. She doesn't call him back. He doesn’t call her either.
For the first time in probably all of his life -or at least since he was a small child- Tony wakes up at the same time every day and goes to sleep before midnight every night. He doesn’t lock himself away for days at his workshop and if there are things that require more attention than normal from him someone always makes sure he takes breaks, is fed and keeps a healthy balance on things.
“You know I love you, right?” she asks.
Steve smiles again and this time it’s a little less tainted with sorrow and a little more delicate in its happiness.
That’s why he shares Natasha’s concern about Bruce’s plan.
He should be feeling calmer now that he’s made sure the storm isn't as severe as it could have been but he still feels unexplainably uneasy. Twitchy, slightly out of control.
Tony blinks at him slowly and swallows to calm his dry throat.
Natasha, on her part, hasn’t shown that many signs of change, not exactly because she’s hiding them but because they’re a lot smaller and subtler than Bruce’s or anyone else’s. But she’s not the same person she used to be -and neither is Tony- and that means he has been able to catch a few glimpses of her frustration and her worry about Bruce’s isolation and their almost non-existent progress.
Steve feels pleased with both the confirmation that Tony is indeed enjoying this as much as he is and the knowledge that no one -not even Tony himself- can make Tony feel as good as Steve does.
“You don’t have to apologize for him, Nat,” Tony assures her as they’re talking a walk around the gardens together.
“That’s great,” Tony proclaims. “It does deserve a celebration. You could have brought some champagne or something, Brucie Bear. The planning here has got some holes.”
When they make it back to the Compound they’re silent, just like they were silent on the ride back, Tony driving and Steve looking out the window. It’s a comfortable silence but it’s nevertheless a charged one.
His voice sounds almost the same as it always does when he talks to Steve but Steve could almost swear there’s a worried tint to it.
“It’s been a while since we’ve talked, right Tony?” she asks.
Tony could try to do this without words, he could let his actions speak and leave Steve with all the weight of finding the right words. And if not the right ones then at least just
“I feel well,” Tony replies and he isn’t surprised when he realizes it is the truth. There are ups and there are downs and even thought it has taken what feels like eons, it is completely true.
“Oh,” Steve exhales and then chuckles. “It’s all your fault, babe.”
The snowball had hit a man straight in the face.
Remember when I thought I knew how long this story was going to be? Oh, good times... Now I've finally caved and the chapters number has been replaced by the dreaded question mark. I'm sorry, everyone, but truth is this story could be 12, 14 or 100 chapters long.
Lost in his thoughts and trying not to focus too closely on the man lying on him, Tony starts wondering where the rest of the people went after they came back. Steve came to him - which still doesn’t fail to surprise him- but what about the others?
“Perfect plan,” Tony agrees and they both start moving at the same time.
“He died a hero,” Steve reiterates, feeling like this is the thousand time he’s repeated this since Tony died.
30 seconds go by and Steve doesn't say anything. He’s got his hands on his lap and he is wringing his fingers together almost aggressively, cracking all his knuckles until they all stop making a sound when he bends and presses them.
“Do you think you can convince him on your own, Bruce?” Natasha asks.
“Can I ask you something?” she says.
There would have been a time when Steve would have hesitated before sending the text, a time when he would have grown mad with doubt, not knowing if Tony felt the same deep desire as him, questioning constantly if Tony too felt empty inside when they weren’t touching. Now, he and Tony know each other inside and out. Now, there is never a moment of doubt about Tony’s feelings for Steve and his investment in their relationship.
Steve continues on his path to the kitchen and lets the happiness fill his lungs up completely as he takes his next breath.
“Stark…,” Nebula starts but Tony interrupts her before she can say anything else.
They’re echoes of old and new insecurities and Steve can’t get rid of them no matter how hard he tries, how hard he reminds himself that the weight of the world shouldn’t belong just on top of his shoulders.
“Captain Rogers,” she greets as she stands up. “It’s good to see you.”
Pepper walks over to the empty side of the bed when she’s done changing and she starts laying down in bed. Instead of positioning herself next to Tony Pepper continues moving until she can lay with her body pressed to his side and she can rest her head on his chest, her ear to where the reactor would have been once upon a time.
Steve lets himself be manhandled and he lets his movements happen because Tony wants them to. He lowers himself on his elbows, bringing his face closer to Tony’s and attaching their lips. As their bodies make sinuous waves on the mattress, their lips move in a frenetic dance. Their kisses are wet and messy, spit trailing from Tony’s mouth to Steve’s when they separate to catch their breath.
“My fault?” Tony exclaims, a little too loud in the cocoon of stillness they've created for themselves.
“They did,” Steve laughs. “Some had handmade shields and it was so adorable when they’d come to show me.”
“I’m actually here to ask you boys for a favor,” she announces.
“I didn't think you’d be the one saying it first,” she confesses.
It’s a relief to not be so subjected to the constraint of these landmarks. Freeing to just let things happen and days occur as their life together is built and gets stronger each day.
With a loud gulp, Tony turns his body so it’s now facing Steve, his knee bent so it won’t intrude on Steve’s personal space where now he’s the one looking unapproachable and combative.
Pepper shakes her head a little, a smile on her face, and takes a sip of her own beverage.
The phrase comes out before Tony can even think about it and it brings everything to a stop.
Steve squares up his shoulders as he starts walking towards her. It takes him only a few steps to reach the table and he clears his throat as soon as he’s standing in front of it.
“But,” Tony starts, feeling a little hesitant. “I’m not working right now and I don’t think Bruce is going to be feeling up for anything today.”
This is something they can do, something they can fix and make better.
“No, it didn’t,” Tony agrees. “But I think it’s just because we didn’t communicate well.”
Time. Steve’s one true issue.
Sometimes it’s easy for Tony to forget how far removed from the rest of the world he really is because he lives his entire life surrounded by people like him, people that practically have the fate of the universe in their hands but that don’t have to worry or suffer about the most mundanes of aspects.
Pepper clears her throat and moves some of the food in her plate with the fork held in her right hand.
“Good,” Steve says. “So maybe… Maybe we can just start by kind of… I don’t know… The whole Accords business? Maybe… The Bucky thing?”
They’re alive.
Tony understands, he does. But that doesn't mean he misses Steve any less.
Steve hasn’t moved his hand away from Tony’s head so this time he does use it to bring Tony’s face closer to his own, capturing Tony’s bottom lip between his lips, tugging lightly at it and then letting it go. He repeats the movement again, invigorated by the sound of Tony’s pants.
Tony puts down the tablet he was typing away at and turns his body to face Bruce.
It’s easier than living. Easier than living with the guilt. Easier than living with the expectations. Easier than living with the guilt. Easier than living with without so many people. Easier than living without hope.
Steve cracks a soft smile and replies, “Yes, Tony, that was really good.”
“Hey, boys.”
“Being here together, that’s what’s saving us. You know I’m right.”
Steve knows it’s physically impossible but he swears he can feel Tony’s nails trailing down his back now, even though they’re thousands of miles apart. This phantom touch is what pushes Steve to finally bring his left hand up to touch his own skin. His dick is already half hard but he hasn’t dared to touch himself yet. Is Tony doing that? Has he got his hand on himself? Is he jerking himself off?
“I didn’t fight him. No, he wiped my face with a planet while a Bleecker Street magician gave away the stone. That’s what happened. There was no fight.”
He has never been particularly interested or amazed by astronomy, not even as a kid had he been into imagining himself amongst the stars, much more interested in engineering of every type, robots and machines and things one could find in this Earth.
Tony swallows, trying to calm his dry throat. “So what—” Tony clears his throat. “What are you doing here so early?”
The short answer is no, it hasn’t. Tony is not harboring any thoughts or ideas of letting go and dying because he needs to be here, he needs to be alive to give his all once again. He has to be here because Pepper is still here, because Rhodey is still here. He needs to be alive because if he wished he wasn’t that would be dishonoring the memories of everyone that isn’t alive.
“It’s just hard to let go of the feeling,” she laments. “Of the idea, I guess.”
Tony only catches glances of the other Compound residents in the mornings when he has breakfast before he heads to his workshop for the day. Sometimes, if he’s lucky, someone might still be awake to wish him a goodnight before he goes to bed.
As the second week of September settles in, however, Steve grows busier very quickly, mostly due to the start of his classes. He’s starting his first year of social work in a small community college 35 minutes away from the Compound, even though Tony tried to convince him to go “bigger, brighter, wealthier”. That added up to him still attending group therapy, his sessions with his psychologist and other volunteering work he involves himself with, means Steve suddenly has very minimal time to make for Tony.
JARVIS calls the Avengers that are in the Tower to the common floor and in less than five minutes they have almost the entire team together, minus Thor who’s been off in Asgard the past couple of weeks. The reunion isn’t nearly as emotional as it had been between Pepper and Tony or as heart-warming as Rhodey and Tony’s conversation but Steve can see the genuine joy that Natasha, Clint and Bruce feel upon seeing Tony. His “death” had left a bitter taste in all of them, the regret that the first time the Avengers had worked together they had had to lose one of their own before they even got the opportunity to become a team.
“I was too hungry to sleep,” Steve responds and Tony nods.
“No, it’s not because of that,” Steve promises. “I know you’d listen and I know you’d help.”
“C’mon Tony, you know it. We never knew what we’d do if we found him so we didn’t do everything in our power to do so.”
_______________________________
has grown older, but Steve has always felt like this unchanging myth and, also, no one has ever been sure on how the serum would affect Steve’s aging.
Luckily, the question of how Clint should pay for his own wrongdoings is not up to Tony to decide.
But as Tony kisses Steve, just a quick peck on the lips, Steve doesn’t promise him a thing because he can’t bear the thought of Tony not having the birthday he wants and deserves, the birthday that will make him the happiest.
Tony licks his chapped lips and swallows to wet his throat and unclog it. Steve’s eyes follow both movements as they happen, first setting on Tony’s lips and then roaming over to his throat to finally move back where they had been before, Tony’s eyes.
They don’t even have a body they can bury, Steve realizes.
It’s so much like everything that’s been playing for the past year and yet nothing like the TV has ever shown since the Decimation.
Steve visibly flinches at Tony’s question but he quickly tries to hide his reaction. Before he can completely shut off Tony moves one of his hands so it covers Steve’s fist where it’s still resting on the table. Tony’s hand is much smaller than Steve’s so Tony brings forth his other hand and cradles Steve’s in both of his.
“Shhhh, it’s okay. Go back to sleep, Tony.”
She’s standing a little to the side, her posture rigid and her arms crossed in front of her chest. She looks every bit the warrior Tony has heard she is.
They have Okoye send them everything she feels could be helpful.
For now, however, Steve just can’t stop thinking about coming back home and doing things the old fashioned way: him and Tony, face to face, skin to skin, giving themselves away to the other’s pleasure.
