He grabbed Steve’s hand.  He looked at his friend and for selfish reasons…he was happy he was here with him.  He cared so deeply for Steve.  That was why the last two years were so difficult.  It was hard to hate someone you wanted to love so much.
Steve’s hand shook as he scooped up the food without utensils and reluctantly ate.  This was the first food he was given since his ordeal began.  It tasted like lead, settling heavy in his stomach alongside the copious amounts of cum he had already been forced to swallow.  Miraculously, he managed to consume an amount that seemed to satisfy Bucky.
“Yeah,” he spat some blood from his mouth, “Hate to break it to you.  But I’m all grown up and I don’t need a
Steve learned of the Kree from citizens and soldiers alike.  They were hell bent on wreaking havoc.  Even though their numbers diminished, they still chose to steal, murder and other things in order to wrest control from Thanos.  Their goal was to take the Mad Titan down.  All the citizens Steve met were against this idea.  To them, the Kree was evil.
“It’s amazing, Stevie…I was actually worried that we went too far with the bot.”  Bucky began in a menacing tone.  He scooted next to her and stroked her hair.  He grabbed onto a section of her blond strands and pulled hard, causing Stevie to yelp in pain as her neck strained towards him.  She knew Bucky was angry…but she didn’t give a damn.  He was going to hurt her regardless of her actions.  “I can make it so much worse for you.  I have seventy years of Hydra ingrained in me.”  He threatened and Steve tried not to react, but she swallowed heavily.  She was trying to remain brave.
Thor, Loki, Hogun, Fandral, Volstaag and Lady Sif were in the East chamber awaiting the slave.  They continued to drink mead as they lay around on couches and cushions in the ornately decorated chamber.  They were dressed in golden, fluffy robes.  Beautiful flowing fabrics adorned the room and ceiling.  Toys were secured on one wall.  A breeding bench and bed were situated in the space.
“Okay.”  She said quietly.  Stephen hovered his hands over her as he closed his eyes.  After some time, he placed his arm down.
“I need you, Daddy.”  Steve moaned as he leaned in and started licking the tip.  When it was small enough, Steve took the head in his mouth causing Thanos to groan with pleasure.
Thanos laughed.  “Ah…but Anthony, you and Steven are so incredibly young.  I have lived thousands of years compared to your few.”  He walked up to them and stroked Tony’s hair.  “In time, you will appreciate your Father and all I do and will do for you.”  He turned to Steve and repeated the action.  The super soldier couldn’t help but flinch away from his touch.
Bucky’s smiled widened as his response.  “Now your uncles are going to have some fun with your holes, okay?”
Fury continued.  “And the SHIELD medical team is not finished with the Captain.  They are still trying to find a reversal.”
“Great idea.  Grab a drink and we’ll sit outside for a bit.”  Tony retracted the clit stimulator but kept the other bot settings the same.  The two metal cocks continued pummeling inside her channels.  He placed the gag back in and blindfolded her.  Bucky handed him a drink.  Tony placed the remote down on the table and the three went outside to enjoy the late afternoon California sun.
“Oh…oh…AHHH!”  Thor released inside her.  He arched on last time as he spilled.  “That was magnificent.”  He breathed out as she settled onto his cock once he stopped moving.  He closed his eyes briefly as he rested.
“Anthony Edward Stark, James Buchanan Barnes, and Clint Francis Barton you have been convicted of the kidnapping, rape, imprisonment and torture of one Steven Grant Rogers.  You are hereby relegated to the prison known as the Raft for a term of 25 years to life.”
The normally stoic Steve had reached his breaking point with the losses they endured.  He squeezed his hand.  If it took all his power, he would keep Steve safe.  Tony would make sure he wasn't broken by Thanos either.  He was Tony Stark.  He would be steadfast against their greatest enemy.
“It’s perfect.”  Bucky matched his grin.  “We’ll use it in the morning.  I will not tolerate her mouthing off to us like she did yesterday.”
“What?”  Clint said in surprise but once the image was in his head, he could feel his shorts stirring.
“Bucky…”  Steve sobbed out as his head moved back and forth in disbelief.  The guilt he always carried from the train…his words pierced him to his core.
As he settled against Bucky, a tear fell from his eye.  His control was the last thing they could take from him.  He was now utterly lost, and he knew it.
When they were finished with breakfast, they spent a casual day at the beach and by the pool.  On the deck of the pool, in the shade, Tony placed her on a padded bench on her belly.  She was strapped in.  When the need struck them, they would go to her and fuck her holes, sometimes two at a time.  They gave her water and food when they needed to.  It felt amazing to be able to be serviced when they wanted it.  They enjoyed this docile version of their Stevie.  She was entirely focused on their pleasure.  Her holes felt amazing and her cock sucking was the best they’d ever had.  They created the perfect slave.
Steve sat in his suite, charcoal in hand sketching the skyline.  As he had done during this trying time, he hid in his room.  He was embarrassed by his change.  Not only did he look like a woman, but he could feel the serum was lessened as well.  While not fully gone, his strength was definitely diminished.  He was grateful to not be plagued with his previous aliments, but his shield was too heavy to properly use it.  He knew he could probably adjust…after all Natasha was an Avenger too, but to not be able to contribute in his usual capacity was almost too much to bear.  After the group initially had their laughs, Tony and Clint especially, the gravity of the situation hit him.  Three weeks later, they were no closer to a reversal.
Steve kept his face trained to the ground, refusing to look at his former best friend.  “You’re a monster.  You’re no better than Hydra.”
“He is.”  Tony concurred.  “And I had to talk him out of contacting Bruce to have him help with the Doombot situation.”  He paused.  “As much as I miss our Brucie, he needs to stay away longer.”
Bucky scooted back from the table and opened his robe as he placed his coffee down.  He motioned for Tony to bring her over. He stroked his semi hard cock to hardness and as Tony hovered her over him, he slid her down on his waiting cock.  Bucky reached up to wipe her tears.
“Your tits and pussy beg to differ.”  Bucky responded as Tony laughed.  “If you’re a good girl for us, then maybe…sometimes, it won’t hurt so much.  But, you have to earn it and so far, you’ve been very naughty.”
“Yes, brother.”  Loki panted out as he slid inside Steve’s heat.  He groaned at the tight fit on his cock.  He had not felt anything this snug in centuries.  “Thor, her pussy feels so good.”
“Bucky?”  His small high voice trembled slightly at the look in his friend’s eyes.  He scooted back a few spots, but Bucky’s metal arm wrapped around his waist and pulled him back closer.
JARVIS alerted them to a food delivery.  “I figured we could have a feast for your return!”  Tony exclaimed excitedly as all the men placed their waiting robes on and made their way to the dining area.
“I think that’s enough, Grape Ape.”  Tony warned as he turned towards the man.  Steve kept his head buried against his shoulder, trying not to look at their nightmare.
Thanos continued into the castle and it took some time, but they reached a large door and he pushed in and they entered.  He removed his armor and turned to his humans.  “Welcome home, boys.”
Bucky shrugged.  He wasn’t as much of a control freak as they thought when it came to Stevie.  “Why not?”  He replied.  “I have no problem making her call us all Daddy.  I’ll let her know tomorrow.”
“Fury is sniffing around.  He wanted Stevie back in NYC.  I don’t think that’s wise right now.  Does everyone agree?”  The group nodded.  “Fury was satisfied with me, Bucks and Clint returning.  But you need to get her away before he suspects something.”
“Well, shit.  Poor Capsicle.”  Tony said with a slight smirk.  He still found it amusing that the once mighty Captain was now a smoking hot 5 ft 6, 110 lbs blond bombshell.
They two gods smiled as they stood.  They kissed each other passionately.  Loki placed Steve on his back and secured his wrists again with magic. He climbed on the bed and placed his cock at Steve’s entrance.  He waited as Thor positioned himself behind his brother.  He grabbed the lube and put a generous amount on his fingers as he inserted one and then two inside Loki.  The younger brother moaned in ecstasy as Thor hit his magic spot inside of him.  “Brother please…I need you inside me…”
One evening, Tony was in the lab perfecting a new weapon he had developed.  He was harnessing some of the energy from the Stones to make hand held weapons for the soldiers.  There was some power left in the Stones.  It certainly was diminished after balancing the universe, but there were some uses for it still.  Tony wanted to ensure that the soldiers around Stevie were well armed to protect him and to defeat their enemies.
Thor looked to his servants.  One came up and secured Steve face down onto the breeding bench.  Her backside was exposed.  The crown prince looked to the musicians and motioned for them to restart playing the rousing tunes.  They all raised a toast as the group continued their revels.  The lead Vanahemian stepped up to the bench.  A servant helped him remove his overlying armor and then he opened his tunic as he stood behind Steve.  Another servant parted her cheeks to reveal her glistening back hole.  He settled his cock against it and shoved in, causing her to scream out in pain.  Although there was lube slicking the way, she was so tight.  The man groaned happily as he fucked in and out.  He stopped for a moment and turned the table.  “She is much too loud.”  He looked to his lieutenant, “Yellen, quiet her front hole.”  He commanded as the other man stepped up and when he freed himself, shoved his leaking, hard cock into her mouth.  Steve gagged violently as she was spitroasted.  No one paid heed to her distress as they enjoyed her from both ends.  They completed nearly at the same time, causing cum to ooze from her holes as they stepped back from her and returned to their seat.
They had completed dinner one evening, when Thanos beckoned them to the great hall.  He gazed at their lands in the distance for some time.  He turned to his boys and spoke.  “You boys have been everything I could have imagined for my children and much more.  Because of this, I will grant you one request of me.”
Tony clapped his hands together.  “I’m going to show you some amazing sites.  And there’s a seafood restaurant by the ocean we’ll go for lunch.”
“I was bad for a long time, and now I’m a good girl.”  Her voice broke slightly.  “I am…I promise, Tasha.”  Her lips shook.
“Clint, put some lube in her cunt and ass.”  The archer nodded and completed the tasks.  Tony had the suit stand in between her open legs.  He pressed a button on a remote and over the crotch area a plate opened, and an appendage came out.  “It’s a 14-inch by 4-inch cock made from metal alloy with a human like skin sheath surrounding it.”
“Good, baby.  Daddy is so proud of you.”  He grasped Steve’s tiny waist and turned him around to face the other two.  His cock was still inside him.  “Tony.”  He said as he nodded at Iron Man.
“Where did he go?”  Steve looks around.  “Thor…where did he go?”  Steve looked around frantically, the sounds of battle now turned to an eerie quiet in the forest.
“My princes!”  She curtseyed.  “To what do I owe the pleasure of you visiting our stables?”  She turned to see the diminutive blond next to them.  “Oh…what have you brought with you?”
After a few moments, he heard a voice.  Tony was still cradling his bloody hands against his face; Peter’s ashes clinging to his sticky appendages.  “Is this the part where you kill me?”  He asked with little emotion.  Tony had no energy left.  He did not know the fate of those on Earth:  Pepper, Happy, Rhodey, Bruce…Steve and so many others.   His Peter was dead to the world.  He felt he had nothing left.  It would be a relief to meet his final fate.  To die alone on a desolate world; defeated by the being that haunted his dreams for six years.
They retired to their rooms as the sun peaked over the horizon.  Thor and Loki left Steve in the chamber to be attended to by the servants.  She lay boneless on the floor covered in drying cum and urine.
“No honey…it doesn’t make you bad.”  Tony’s heart warmed as he watched Steve look back down.  He couldn’t help but feel some vindication at hearing Steve’s words.  Sue him…he was human.  He felt a deep possession over Steve; it was almost primal inside him.  The fact that he admitted he wanted him here over everyone else including Bucky…he couldn’t help the smile that overcame him.
“She cried like a baby when I told her that Uncle Loki made sure she stays virgin tight.”  Bucky said as he leaned back against the headboard to watch the show.
“I can’t wait to try this out.”  Tony said excitedly as he grabbed a remote.  He pushed a button and a silver Iron Man suit emerged from behind a glass door.
Tony sat up.  “They’re not going to find one, Fury.  Thor and Loki have worked tirelessly on that.  Don’t you think the two Avengers familiar with magic would have been able to find one by now?”
Tony chuckled as he stood.  He helped Steve sit up against the headboard.  “Yeah, that’s not going to work for me.  I already had a father.  He was a dick but I guess now he looks like a saint compared to you.  Thanks but no thanks.  I don’t need a new one.”
“Good girl.”  Bucky added as he smoothed the skirt over him and then proceeded to slip it off.  He turned Steve around to face him and slowly, button by button undid his shirt until it fell open; he slid it off his shoulders rendering him naked in front of the three men.  Bucky leaned in and for the first-time captured Steve’s mouth in a kiss.  He forced his tongue in and assaulted his mouth, not leaving Steve the choice but to simply sit there and let it happen.  Nausea rolled through the younger man as he was devoured; the parody of caring when Steve knew he was just a whore to be used and abused.  As Bucky continued, all Steve could think is how he wished he could die.
Steve practically crawled over to Vision and turned over the dead gray body.  Natasha ran over to him, clutching her abdomen in disbelief.  Bruce, Thor and Rocket stood silently.  Rhodey’s voice pierced the quiet.  “What is this?  What the hell is happening?”  He looked around to the group for answers that no one could give.  They all stared in the distance.  Steve’s eyes watered as he flopped down to a sitting position defeated.  A tear escaped as he whispered in disbelief, “Oh, God.”
In addition to the three men, Thor and Loki Odinson were tried and convicted but in absentia.  Thus far, they had not returned from Asgard.
Finna stepped up to Steve.  She held her face and stroked her long hair as she removed the thin collar.  “Is she Midgardian?”  She asked with some interest.
Suddenly the door opened and Finna appeared.  Stevie was shocked not to see Thor or Loki.  She wanted to ask where they were was terrified to ask.
Bucky sighed deeply as he closed his eyes.  When he felt calmer, he picked up Steve and sat him on his lap.  He grasped his face hard and said, “What did I tell you in the plane?”
“Trinkets?  He answered with a sneer.  “My trinkets made you bleed.”  He wanted to scream when he saw Thanos give him a fond smile.  Patronizing asshole.
Bucky’s face tensed as he brought his metal hand against Steve’s small neck.  He squeezed slightly and all Steve could do was to paw at the metal appendage as he choked his breath from him.  As fast as it happened, Bucky let go and watched as Steve gasped for breath.
Thor grabbed her by the arm hard.  “You do as you are told slave.”  He shoved her and she landed between Sif’s splayed legs.  “Use your mouth.”
“Alright.  Sending them now.  See you in a minute.”  He hung up the phone and sent their location.  It only felt like seconds later when the two Asgardians materialized in Malibu.  They were looking well and healthy and dressed in Midgardian garb.
When Thanos felt he was ready, he stripped and stroked his monster cock.  Again, it contracted to a smaller size.  Tony braced himself as he pushed in.  He cried out at the stretch.  Before his own cock could soften, Steve grasped it and stroked along with the rhythm of the Titan’s thrusts.  As his body accommodated the large cock, he felt himself close to climax.  After a few more moments, Tony arched up and screamed loudly as the most powerful orgasm of his life flowed through him.  He flopped down after his release, but Thanos was not done.  He kept fucking Tony and he could only whimper as his body was used.  Finally, Thanos ejaculated and Tony’s insides were flooded with his cum.
“Go on, Anthony…”  Thanos said as he sat back in a relaxed manner.  Tony ignored him to ensure he was properly prepared.  He looked at Steve whose head nervously drifted towards Thanos again.
“My pleasure.  Barnes and Stark have been placed in a visitor’s room.”  He gestured to the door.  “I can walk you there.”
“Yeah.”  He tried to smile with relief knowing Steve was awake.  “Yeah.”  His eyes watered as well as he looked upon the frightened face of Steve.  Even with his long hair and beard, Steve still appeared so young.  He embraced him, Steve stiff at first but then falling into the warmth.
“Unfortunately, Tony, my answer has not changed.  There is something in the witches’ signature that I cannot decipher.  Each mage has a unique code.  I have attempted to crack it, as you Midguardians say, but alas, I am unable to.”
“We’ll deal with the Doombots tomorrow and then summon Thor and Loki to return.”  Bucky said.  “It’s been almost four weeks.”
The Mistress returned five hours later and one of her attendants removed all the objects from the slave.  She was brought to a room of stone where her limp body was attached to the cold hard wall.  Her wrists were restrained apart as were her legs.  She was sprayed down with a hose, the water freezing.  She was not given a towel or blanket, she had to air dry.  She was provided with bread and water and left for how long she did not know.  Stevie’s teeth chattered; she could not even wrap her arms around herself to try to preserve any warmth.  “Help me…help me please…please…please...”  She whispered over and over again.  She was all alone; she was going to freeze to death.  Memories bombarded in her brain of the Valkyrie…the train…lying frozen for seventy years.  She would never see warmth again.  She had no one.  No Bucky…no family…nothing…she was nothing…absolutely nothing…
Bucky, Clint and Tony all looked at each other at once.  “Shit!”  Tony exclaimed realizing she had been gone for longer than it was needed to urinate.  He took off for his bathroom and the others followed.
She slowly climbed off the bed and stood in front of the god of mischief, who was stroking his monster cock.  “Sit on your uncle, Pet.”  Steve refused to let herself cry as she lowered herself onto his cock.  As always, she was so tight that it burned terribly as she went down.  She straddled him but refused to look at him.  Loki reveled in the tightness and closed his eyes briefly.  “Your cunt is still so snug for your uncle.”  He smirked as he rested his hands on her slim hips.
“If that’s how you see it.”  Tony added as he chuckled bitterly.  “You are psychotic and delusional.”
“Where is your brother?”  He asked as he soaked in the look of his boy in low slung pants.  His cock stirred.
“Thanks, J.”  He said as he grabbed her hips hard.  “Stop.”  He commanded and Steve was so scared, she obeyed.
Steve had no destination.  It was a nice spring day in Manhattan, and she walked for over an hour.  She needed to catch her breath, so she finally stopped and looked around to perhaps buy a bottle of water from a vendor.  She looked up at an old, beautiful, building.
“Hello again.  I am Chistine Everheart of WHIH with our part 2 interview with Steve Rogers, Captain America.  The link to part 1 is on our home page.  It includes the footage of the magic that changed Captain Rogers and we have discussed the trauma he suffered from convicted criminals Iron Man, The Winter Soldier and Hawkeye.”  She smiled sadly at her guest.  “Captain Rogers.  Again, I would like to thank you for your bravery in coming forward to share your ordeal at the hands of your former teammates.”
Steve was crying as she followed Finna.  They returned to the comfortable chamber with the large fire.  Steve was at the Mistress’ feet.
The next morning, Heimdall summoned them to the Bifrost.  They left Stevie restrained to the bed.  She was sleeping after they spent the whole evening and night reacquainting themselves with her holes.  They had a glorious time and were absolutely spent by morning.
Even with all his money and connections, there was no lawyer who could argue their way into a not guilty verdict.   The prosecutors played a highlight of their offenses against Steve Rogers and their fellow Avengers testified and verified the footage was real.  They were convicted unanimously.  Luckily, Steve did not have to be present during the trial.
“I know, but you do spend an awful lot of time in here.  He needs to know he is important too.”  He looked up at Thanos as he stood.
“Steve?”  Natasha began gently.  She stopped short of her and gracefully went to her knees by her.  “Steve?”
They returned to their room and did not speak for a time.  As they undressed for bed, Tony noticed Steve seemed a bit distressed.
Thanos gave them more freedom to wander around outside the palatial home.  Steve and Tony took hikes in the surrounding areas.  Tony sensed Steve needed the activity, he seemed restless at times.  Iron Man wished he could work in his lab; the inability to channel his creative juices was difficult for him to handle.
“What?”  Tony groaned as his eyes opened.  He blinked his eyes for a few moments.  He was surprised not to feel the familiar aches and pains he was accustomed to.  He looked at Steve as his eyes widened.  “Wow.  Makeover time.”  He pushed himself up.  “You look like when I used to call you Capsicle.”  He chuckled.  It amazed him how young Steve looked back then.
“Remove the towels.”  Loki added.  He closed his eyes and placed his hands in the mess of blood and tissue.  A light glowed and they watched as the cuts slowly closed.  When he was done, he slumped backwards.  He would have fallen if his brother had not caught him.  Loki’s eyes drifted shut.
“Well, it depends on how you do today.  Does it not?”  She tilted her head as she pulled at the slit of her silk robe revealing her bare pussy.  “We shall see if your instruction led to improvement.  Come.”  She said as she spread her legs and beckoned the slave over.  Stevie climbed onto the oversized chaise lounge and crawled over to her.  She lowered her mouth to the warm pussy and Steve did her best to give the woman pleasure.  She gently parted her lips and began to suck on her clit.  Steve focused on her task, ignoring the smells and the saltiness and was determined to make up for what she did wrong previously.  She wanted to show Mistress and Thor and Loki that she could be good and never have to go to the cold again or be thrown away to the monster.
“Good, girl.” Bucky said, pleased to see Steve obeying.  “You are being so good, honey.  That makes Daddy very happy.  Climb up, baby.”  Bucky helped Steve up and he lowered him on his cock.  His unprepared front channel causing him to wince at the friction.  Bucky said nothing as he caressed and pinched his nipples.  He fondled him for a few minutes, his hard cock continuing to grow inside him.  Finally he leaned back, and turned to Tony.  “So, what do have planned for our little vacation?”
“Now, slave.  Your crime against Lady Sif was unacceptable.  You require instruction because you are newly a woman and do not understand what it truly means to pleasure one.”  She clapped her hands, and a higher ranked slave woman entered the chamber.
of the night as hundreds watch you get ravaged by a tentacle creature.  Its dozens of appendages settling in your holes…suspending you in the air…fucking you for hours and hours with no rest in sight.  You would be on display if it pleases the Grandmaster.  There are so many creatures he could choose from.”  Steve was shaking in fear now.
Thor and Loki were dressed in their finery.  A guard entered the room and grabbed the leash and stood behind the princes.  They began their walk to the Great Hall.
Natasha could only look upon what her friends had become as they were led away.  At no time during their trial, did they express remorse or ask how their friend was doing.  How could she have been so wrong about the people she worked with?  Clint was her family; she misjudged them so greatly.
“Bottom bunk is mine, prag.”  Tony looked up to see a 6 ft 4, 280 lbs man with tattoos from his neck down.  He was in pants and no shirt.  In the middle of his chest was a large supremacist symbol.
“Before you return to your Masters, I must do an assessment on your cock sucking.  There are tricks you can use to increase the enjoyment for a man.”  She led her in front of the first slave and made her kneel.  She gently grasped the back of her neck and directed her onto the waiting cock.  She watched her technique and gave her tips.  She taught her how to fondle the testicles and other methods to maximize the men’s pleasure.
“What, Stevie?”  He moved to sit up in bed.  Steve followed suit.  The super soldier couldn’t look him in the eye.  “What do you mean?”  Tony prodded.
Tony shook his head a bit before answering.  “I don’t think so.”  The two were now nude and Tony embraced Steve.  “It’s okay. We’ll always be together.”  The younger man nodded and he whimpered as Tony captured his lips in a passionate kiss.  They made love for hours and as they whispered to each other their thoughts, they fell asleep confident they knew what they would ask their father come morning.
“Hush, Little One.”  Thor calmly responded as he slipped in a second finger.  Steve jumped from the pressure but Thor’s large hand held him in place.  He removed his robe and it fluttered to the floor.  He stepped up grasping his enormous cock and started to slowly push into the pucker.
Steve tensed as he saw his onetime friends sitting at the table, all dressed in fluffy white robes.  He tried his best to keep from shaking as Bucky placed him down on his feet.  Perhaps his shivering was from the cold or fear, he didn’t know.
Thanos directed him to the bed; the implication was obvious of what he wanted Tony to do.  He slowly climbed on.  Steve’s breath caught as he felt the bed dip.  Iron Man lay down next to him.  “It’s okay, Stevie.”  He nodded his head and tried to smile as a few errant tears escaped Steve’s eyes.  Tony caressed his beautiful, innocent face.  Tony gazed up at Thanos.  “I won’t hurt him.”  He declared in a strong tone, not caring if there were consequences to his insolence.  The Mad Titan said nothing as he placed a bottle of what Tony could only postulate was lube on the bed.  He grabbed it and placed it to the side for a moment.
This went on for almost a week.  Tony had flown to San Francisco for his meeting and now he was back.  Today, they were laying out by the pool enjoying the warm California sun.  Tony worked on his tan while Bucky fucked Stevie in the hot tub.  When he was finished, he lifted them out of the warm water.  He sat down with her on a lounge chair.
Bucky smiled as he lifted Steve again.  Watching Stevie service Tony had made his hard cock leak profusely.  He lifted him up as he sat down.  He again positioned Steve on his lap and lowered him down onto his waiting cock.  The pain was obvious as tears poured from Steve as he was forced onto the hard cock.
Thor and Loki retired to their suite early that night.  That gave Bucky, Clint and Tony more time with her.
“The raccoon was part of a group.  The Guardians.  They all died in front of me.”  He paused as he bit his lip.  “I assume you don’t know about Pepper.”
In the morning, Steve was brought back to the warm room and given hot porridge and warm mead.  She trembled not only from the receding cold but with fear for what the Mistress had planned today.  Stevie promised herself all night, that she would be good.  She couldn’t go back to the cold.  If she could see Thor and Loki, she would pledge to them she would be good.  She didn’t want the cold anymore…the pain.  She couldn’t handle it.  She even wished she could go back to Bucky, Clint and Tony.  She would be good for them too.
Tony nodded and held up a thin collar.  “It’s perfect.  It shouldn’t be too constricting but serves multiple purposes.”   He turned it inside out.  “It features a taser like system that will respond to remotes I made.  Once it is on her, it biometrically seals and cannot be removed unless with a special override code that we will have.  It will also serve as a GPS monitor if by the remote chance she manages to escape.”
“Tony?  Lube?”  Bucky knew he could go down on him or have someone else but he wanted to show Stevie who was boss.  It wasn’t about his pleasure right now.  Maybe later if he was a good girl.
Thor yelled, “NO!!” as he tried to stop Steve.  The Asgardian knew even his new forged weapon was no match for Thanos and the stones at this time.  Even if he could kill Thanos, could they reverse the catastrophe that just occurred?
Steve decided one day to take a walk through the city.  In the last few months, she had started going outdoors, first with Sam and Nat and now on her own.  She had a tracking monitor on her, per Natasha’s insistence.  Steve did not argue.  She understood how much they care for her wellbeing and safety.
When Steve’s eyes opened the next morning, he knew Bucky was behind him.  He was surprised to see Tony in front of him.  Steve was still naked as were the others.  The pain he had felt yesterday, returned with a vengeance as his awareness peaked.  His little body was in between these two monsters and Steve knew he had to try to get away.  Despite the discomfort, he pushed himself up quickly and slithered down the bed and as he tried to stand up, his body would not cooperate and he fell to the floor.  Still determined Steve shakily stood from his supine position and limped towards the stairwell.  Before he could reach the door, Bucky’s voice rang out in the modern space.
“Tyrell!”  The prison guard exclaimed.  “Here’s your new cellie.”  He undid the leg irons and placed Clint inside.  He closed the door and waited for Clint to place his wrists through the slot and then he unlocked the restraints.  “Have a great day!”  The guard smirked as he turned to his fellow officer and they walked away.
Tony had no idea how much time had passed on the alien planet.  He tried to keep track of the days but hours seemed to vary and the days never seemed to be the same.  He stopped trying to quantify the time they had been there.  The few occasions he had asked Thanos, he did not receive an answer.
James buckled Steve into the luxury seat on Stark’s ridiculously extravagant private plane and secured himself next to him.  Clint and Tony sat opposite facing them.  Steve kept his head down, dreading what they will have in store for him next.  He silently prayed that he would receive a reprieve while in the air.
Iron Man returned holding an object that looked like a booster seat.  When he placed it down, he showed them his creation.  “We can use it as a punishment chair.” It had a one dildo affixed in the middle and one farther back that appeared adjustable.  Tony smiled.  “It is remote controlled and has some attachments.”
“Thanks.”  He answered with some emotion.  He sniffed and turned to Thanos and smiled.  “I need to finish this.”  He elbowed him playfully as Thanos continued to sit there.  After some time, he turned to him.  “Can I ask you a question, Father?”
Stark walked over to the nightstand and pulled out a tube and handed it to the Winter Soldier.  Bucky hissed as he coated his erection generously with lube.
The arms of the bot grasped onto her shoulders and continued its assault.  Plates on its deltoid regions opened and suction cups emerged and latched on to each nipple.  The cups started pumping up and down, pulling on her nipples.
“Yes, my King…yes!”  He exclaimed as Thor’s 11 inch cock thrust inside his baby brother.  He pulled out for a moment and then grasped on to Loki’s hips tight and with supernatural force, thrust back into Loki and pushed him back into Steve and that pain caused Steve to scream out in horror at the force they were using.
Bucky hovered in front of Steve’s seat when they finished their meals and he released the belt.  The younger man couldn’t help his shaking as Bucky stared down at him.  The Winter Soldier picked him up and sat down with him in his lap facing the others.
“That’s more like it, baby.”  Bucky smiled as Clint put his hard cock against the tight entrance.  They all reveled in the sound when Steve howled as Clint pushed in hard; his back bowing as he screamed out.  The archer was relentless as he thrust in and out, pushing Steve’s neck farther down into the bed.  He loved the feeling of the silken walls on his hard dick.  He had never felt anything better and he was sure the others would agree with him.  In and out he continued; when he felt like he was going to cum, he slowed down the intensity of his thrusts.  He wanted to draw this out to increase his pleasure and he got a sick thrill in dominating the former self-righteous Captain.  He always thought Captain America needed to be brought down a few pegs.  He was turning out to the perfect whore.
Right before Thor lit her up with his lightening, she unleashed a spell on Steve that changed him into a female.  Tony and Clint cackled at the sight of the former Super Soldier now swimming in his uniform.  While Thor meant to subdue the witch, she ended up turning to ashes, leaving Steve stunned as he watched her now disintegrated body float like dust onto the ground.  They all realized the seriousness of her death as the days turned into weeks and there was no reversal of the spell.
Thanos smiled at them.  “Yes, my beautiful boys.”  He stepped towards them.  “Take tonight to decide.  I will leave you be.  We will talk in the morning.”  And with that, he left the room, leaving Steve and Tony shocked.
He moved slightly away from Thor to answer.  “Well, it would be a simple spell to prevent him from being with child and also…I can ensure maximum enjoyment.”
“Please.”  She pleaded as he grabbed her long hair hard and yanked back.  He cupped the posterior neck and brought her to his dick.  He stuffed it inside her, going directly back to her throat causing her to convulse at the force of it.  He withdrew slightly to allow her to breathe and then plunged back inside.  He relentlessly fucked her mouth like he dreamed of doing since he saw her on the tarmac.  And the reality was even better than his fantasy.  He shot his load so deep in her that it went directly to her stomach.  When he stepped back, she collapsed to the ground, choking and sobbing.  He went to pick her up when his phone rang.
Clint, Thor, and Loki were in the penthouse when they arrived and dressed in their comfortable robes.  Clint’s was embossed with a bow and arrow, Thor’s with his hammer and Loki’s horns.
After many hours, Stevie’s jaw ached from sucking over ten cocks and each man released down her throat.  Her stomach ached from all the cum inside her, she felt as though she might vomit.  But she did not dare to complain.  She liked it when the Mistress was nice and encouraging, it made her feel happy.  Now that she had seen the error of her ways, she was ashamed of her behavior around her Daddies.  Everything hurt so much because she was being difficult.  She belonged to them and they could do as they see fit.  If she is good, the pain will lessen.  If she is good, she will get rewarded sometimes.  If she gets the chance, she will show them how obedient she could be.
Clint shrugged his shoulders and smirked at Stark as he proceeded to dress.  “Gonna take a nap before we arrive.  That felt so fucking good it made me tired.”  As he walked towards the bed, he looked to Bucky.  The Winter Soldier picked a compliant Steve up and walked back to their seat.  He sat down and lowered him onto his semi hard cock. He wrapped his arms around Steve and forced his head against his shoulder.  “Let’s take a nap, sweetie.  We need to rest up before we get to Malibu.”
“That’s a good answer, boy.  Come to Poppa.”  The man’s huge hand guided Clint’s mouth over to his thick, ten-inch cock.  He stuck it all the way in, choking the archer.
As they traversed the bridge, Steve, as much as she tried not to take in the sights, gazed upon gold buildings as far as the eyes could see.
In the morning, Finna returned and took Steve to another part of the stable.  They entered a room with multiple men.  They were all attached to a wall by their ankles.
“Are you going to be good for your Daddies?”  He paused to allow her to answer.  When she did not, he continued, “They will let me and the others know if you do not behave, honey.”  Her eyes teared.  “Do you understand?”
Steve bit her lip as she stood shaking under the scrutiny of Lady Sif.  “L-Lady Sif…I-I am so sorry what I did.  I h-hope you can forgive me.”
“I believe I fucking told you that you are no longer allowed to tell me or your uncles no.”  His eyes narrowed.  “Do you remember that sweetheart?”  Steve shook as he spoke.  “You and your holes belong to us.  We can do whatever we want…when we want…because you are here for our pleasure.”  He paused for a time to let the words sink in.  “Now…because you disobeyed Daddy, you will be punished.”
Steve banged on the elevator door that wouldn’t open.  He slowly turned around to see Bucky calmly walking towards him.  Steve gazed around the room and saw Loki, Thor, Tony and Clint all standing at the bar doing nothing.
“Good boy.”  Thanos beamed in satisfaction.  “I am so proud of you, baby boy.”  He stood with Steve in his arms and carried him over to the bed.  Steve removed his clothes and Thanos followed suit.  The large alien sat on the bed and Steve fell to his knees.  He started stroking Thanos’ cock as it retracted.
“Good.”  She lifted a golden leash, and it was attached to the collar.  Then she took what appeared to be a large necklace and loop it through objects on her nipples and then lower.  For the first time, the former super soldier looked down and realized she was pierced through her nipples and her clitoris.  She started panting heavily, scared that she did not grasp what had been done to her when she was less aware.
He shook his head as more tears escaped, he refused.  Bucky’s metal hand grasped his chin and forced him to look up.
Steve’s cheek trembled; she could barely contain her rage.  What did it matter what happened now?  They owned her whether she was compliant or defiant.  She was just a thing to be used.  There was no compassion…nothing left of the team Steve thought existed.  Perhaps it was Steve’s naïve nature that led her believe the best in people.  Steve was so wrong.  People were horrible and by nature selfish.  Looking at her former teammates with lust in their eyes despite what happened the previous day…it did not matter what had transpired.  She would be their fuck-toy until they bored of her or killed her: whatever came first.
“Yup.”  Tony smiled.  He reached under his workstation.  “Here’s yours.”  He handed him a monogrammed fluffy white robe that probably cost five hundred dollars.  The initials
Thor and Loki smiled at their sated friends.  Thor turned to Sif.  “We cannot leave our lovely Lady out, can we not?”  He laughed.  “Lay over there, Sif.”  He pointed to a chaise lounge. She complied.
Finna smiled down at Steve as she stroked her hair, a proud look on her face.  Warm feelings encompassed Steve.  Finna attached the leash and as she nodded at Sif and departed the chamber.  She said nothing until they returned to the stable.  It was a room Steve had not seen previously.  On the table were meats and fruits and some mead.  A large cot that contained pelts and blankets awaited.
After a few hours, they had placed a limp and sore Steve on the couch.  She was restrained as they let her recoup from her punishment.
Stevie lay on the bed, warm cum dripping from her pussy and from her mouth.  Bucky righted her and placed her back in his lap.
When he returned, Steve was standing by the window, watching people walk by.  She was deep in thought, so Stephen cleared his voice as to not startle her.
“I do not think a reversal is imminent, James.”  Loki said.  “I explained before that my research has been fruitless.”
“Daddy’s little girl.”  Steve answered softly as he looked down.  Fat tear drops landed on his bare leg.
“Be careful with your pronouns, Point Break.  Just because he looks like a chick, doesn’t mean he’s ready to think of himself like one.”
Steve’s eyes widened at his words as new tears poured from his face.  “No…please…”  He felt so hollow and the pain down there was unbearable.  “Stop…please…why are you doing this?”  The others ignored him as Tony and Clint fought over who was next.
Steve looked down as he took deep breaths.  He reared his arm back and slapped Bucky as hard as he could across the face.
Bucky sighed as he felt his futile struggle.  “Stevie, for the last time.  YOU BELONG TO ME.”  He placed a finger at his sore entrance.  “This pussy is mine.”  He caressed his anus.  “Your ass is mine.”  And he then grasped his face.  “And your mouth is mine.  Do you understand?”
“Natasha is well trained, Stevie.  Do you know how long it would take to train you up like that?  In your new body?”
One evening, they sat side by side on what had become their bed, when Thanos entered the room.  They both looked up at the giant figure and watched how he took a seat opposite to them.
The men smiled as Bucky got up to walk to Stevie in the bedroom.  He released her bindings, scooped her up and handed her to Tony who would have the chance to sleep next to her that night.  He deserved it after all his creative inventions.
“Of course.”  JARVIS replied kindly.  “Mr. Stark and the others have requested your presence in the Penthouse.”
“You are beautiful, child.  Perfect for your Masters.  I want you to remember that you were chosen to serve special people and so that makes you favored.  That places you above so many others.”
“Did you disobey, Tony, Stevie?”  When she didn’t answer, he pinched her nipples hard.  “Answer, now.”
Loki stood up with her still stuck to his cock and he laid down on the bed after Bucky vacated the space.  She was in the riding position now.  “Brother.”  He summoned Thor who smiled as he grabbed the lube and placed some on his cock.  The god of Thunder pushed Steve down until her chest was flush against Loki’s and she cried out as he pierced her back hole.  The brothers moaned as they shared the former super soldier.  At one point, Loki, perspiring from the absolute pleasure turned his head slightly to Clint.  The archer understood what he was asking so he went to the top of the bed and stood just beyond Loki and pulled her head up hard and pushed his leaking cock inside her mouth.
“Yes, so good…so good for your Daddies…so tight…so perfect…”  He arched up hard and she cried out.  “We missed your cunt so much, Little One.”  He punched in and out, using his super strength to move her up and down quickly.
Tony wanted to ignore the stirring in his cock, but it was hard.  He needed to focus.  “We need…I need…”  He closed his eyes.
A few days later, they left the place they had been since their capture.  Thanos did not reveal any details of their destination.  Steve and Tony could only look out the window as they traveled through space.  Steve sought out Tony’s hand, his anxiety of the unknown causing him some distress.  Tony reassured him that everything would be okay.
Thor stood and walked over to Steve and stood behind her.  “This is our slave from Midgard.”  He said in a pleased voice.  The contingent from Vanaheim was awed.  Thor reached over to her front and grasped the collar of the see-through robe and loosened the ribbon and slipped it slowly down her shoulders to reveal her naked, glowing body.  The leader from Vanaheim nodded his head and smiled as he clapped.  He looked to the All-father.  “I never knew Midgardians could be so beautiful.  They are such primitive creatures.”
Bucky grabbed Steve’s face hard.  “And if I hear one more ‘stop’ from you, you will regret it.  For the last time, your holes belong to us.  It’s our right to stuff them when and how we see fit.  They aren’t yours anymore.  Do you understand?”
“The spell was created for mischief, not true malice.  I can perform the reversal if you would like.”
Steve sat on a large ledge looking out into the peaceful night.  He loved this spot.  He would draw while enjoying the warm breeze of the evening.  He heard the door open and thought it odd that Tony would be coming up so early.  He stood up and when he saw Thanos, he was not sure why but he tried to hide his sketchbook behind the curtain.  The Mad Titan walked up to him and Steve could only watch as he reached behind the fabric to procure the book.
When her bearings returned a bit, Steve was led through the expansive space until they reached a room with steam everywhere.  It was a large bath like you would have seen in ancient roman times.  Two servant girls were tasked with washing her.  Before placing her in the bath, Steve was given an enema.  When that was complete, they led her into the warm water and proceeded to wash her hair and body.  Every crevice was thoroughly cleansed.
“Fuck…”  Tony bit his lip, trying not to say too much.  He did not want Thanos to have the satisfaction but Tony was in absolute ecstasy.   Steve was so tight and responsive, Tony never felt this good.  He pumped in and out, reveling in the amazing feeling.  Soon, he could tell Steve was close.  He let his hand drift down and started pumping his cock in unison to his thrusts.  Steve arched violently and came all over Tony’s hand and chest.  Tony’s release followed soon after.
He made his way back to the helicopter.  He had no intention of talking to Barton.  He wasn’t worth his time.  He stood on the tarmac and shook the General’s hand.  He thanked him graciously and left the prison.
“Now.”  Thanos said in a forceful tone.  He didn’t want to risk him hurting Steve so he stroked his face softly as he arched one last time and shot his cum inside Steve.  He started falling backwards after but Thanos caught him and placed him on the bed.  The Mad Titan gently caressed Tony's damp hair as Steve coughed and gagged as cum spewed from his mouth.  He fell forward on one arm as he tried to catch his breath.  Tony left the bed and knelt next to Steve, helping him upright and making sure he was okay.  The older man nodded at Steve, trying to reassure him that he did well.  Tony embraced the shaking super soldier.  They stayed holding each other, prostrate in front of the giant.
“Who’s next?”  Thor said in a jovial tone as he pulled Loki into his lap and began stroking his brother.
Silence befell the room as the guard led a trembling Stevie into the hall by her leash.  When they reached the platform, the guard unhooked her.  She stood there, head down, trying to ignore the stares of the people in the room.  A tear slipped down her face, but she tried to ignore it.
“Concentrate on me, sweetheart.  Ignore him.”  He kissed his lips again and was happy to see Steve shakily nod.
“You remember what I have taught you.  Be good for your betters.  Show them the respect they deserve.”  She walked up to Stevie, towering over the petite woman.  “You were made for them.  For your Daddies.  It was fate that your change occurred.  It was meant to be.”  She held her face.  “Do you understand that?”
“Oh, that’s right.  Thanks.”  He nodded at Jack.  “Alright, Buck, Clint.  Let’s go see our naughty baby.”  He said with a wink.
“Yes, Agni.”  The guard nodded and started leading them into the palace, pulling Steve on a leash.  The opulence of the palace was noting Steve had ever seen.  Her face heated when she noticed so many people staring at her as they made their way to their destination.  She tried to ignore the murmurs of the people they passed. Steve knew they were talking about her.  She felt so alone as her steps faltered and the guard corrected her by tugging hard, almost causing her to stumble to the ground.  It seemed an eternity when they finally arrived at a large door.  The guard entered the huge space and handed the leash to another.  He bowed at the princes and made his leave.
“Steve?”  Bucky says in bewilderment as he disintegrated in front of them.  The super soldier stumbled to the pile of ash and fell to his knees.  His beloved Bucky reduced to dust.  He looked to Thor who shared his look of horror.  They both gazed around them as they heard the cries of people throughout.
“PLEASE!!! AHHHH!!!!!!!”  The former super soldier screamed.  “Take it out!  Please take it out!!!”  Finna paid no heed as she inserted the metal rod as far as she could.  The sorceress stepped back to watch her captive’s distress.  She then slicked up two dildo’s and inserted one in her vagina and then shoved one in her tight anus.  They were secured and then activated.  “UGH!!!!  It hurts…Please…ple…”  Her words were silenced as Finna placed a gag in her mouth and blindfold and left the chamber.
He completed his business and walked back into the room.  He knew Steve was awake and he scooped him up and brought him to the bathroom.  He started the large jacuzzi tub and entered it with him when the water level and suds were to his liking.  He proceeded to bath himself and Steve and when he was satisfied with the degree of cleanliness, they exited the tub.  He dried the former super soldier off; he then proceeded to take a seat in front of the ridiculously large mirror with Steve in his lap.  The younger man kept his head down, still hating to see his image reflected.  It only served to remind him of the unwanted change and the fallout from it.  He hated himself.  He was stiff in between Bucky’s spread legs; back ramrod straight…legs clenched together.
Steve’s eyes slowly opened.  He didn’t recognize his surroundings as he startled fully awake gasping.  He remembered his last moments trying to fight Thanos.  He looked around his environment with wild eyes.
“You need to accept your station, slave.  Once you can surrender to your destiny, you will find great satisfaction in pleasing your Masters.”  She picked up a long thin cylindrical object.  She rubbed lubricant over the shaft.  She stood between the slave’s spread legs and parted Stevie’s lower lips with her fingers.
The royal banquet hall was awash in merriment.  Thor and Loki were seated at one long table with Odin, the ruler of Vanaheim and his most trusted advisor.  Another five of their delegation sat with the Warriors Three and Lady Sif.  The tables were set up in a V formation.  In the middle of the two buffets, a breeding bench sat on a platform.
Tony did not know what to say.  He flopped down on the chair.  They were trapped, billions of miles away from home...at the mercy of a madman.
He cut her off.  “They’ll never know if I just use your mouth, will they?”  He stepped closer to her.  “You wouldn’t tell…would you?”  He smirked as he forced her to her knees.  He unbuckled his pants and let them fall to the floor.  His cock was huge, hard and leaking.
“Of course, my princes.  Perhaps next time bring a newly designated whore to me and I shall train her right.  It shall save you from such annoyances.”  She winked at her friends.  “Clearly her prior discipline has not cured her ill behavior. I am aware you are not the primary owners of her, but she still has a defiant attitude about her.  At this point, she could have been well trained.”
“There is one more lesson for today, child.  When you are done and if you have been performed well, there is a large meal and a warm, warm bed to sleep in.”  She could tell Stevie wanted to speak so she nodded.
No one spoke for a time.  Thanos returned to the ship leaving Tony and Steve in front of their teammates.
Steve moaned as his consciousness returned.  His bottom felt cavernous, as if he would never close again.  The pain was immense as he tried to curl into Tony.
“You took care of me.”  He said as he leaned back slightly and a tear rushed down his chiseled visage.
Please read the tags. If there is anything you may be offended by based on tags, PLEASE do not read. The tags accurately reflect the content ahead. DEAD DOVE: DO NOT EAT
“Please, Mistress.  I’ll be good.  Please!  Please!”  She frantically looked back at the poor woman. She closed her eyes at the horrific images.  “Please, Mistress!”
“You do not need it.”  He paused as he stood looking down at the human.  “If you are a good boy, in time, I may let you play around with your trinkets.”
She heard a rustling noise and suddenly a massive cock was in her face.  “Be a good girl for us, Little One.”  She heard Thor say as she felt Loki’s large hand on the back of her head.  She tamped down a sob as her mouth was slowly forced onto Odin’s cock.  She could feel Loki and Thor surrounding her.  The king grasped her hair hard as he stood and then thrust in and out of the warm mouth. It seemed to last forever; she was relieved when he finally released in her mouth.  The King was unfazed as he tucked his spent cock back in and nodded as his sons.
“I like it.”  Tony replied.  “This whole section of beach belongs to me; the utmost privacy that money can buy.”
“Welcome back!”  Tony exclaimed as they laid eyes on Loki and Thor and finally their Stevie.  She was cradled in Thor’s arms.  The god of Thunder placed her down lightly as she gracefully went to knees, her translucent robe flowing to the ground with her.
He buried his head in his knees as Bucky undressed.  For a moment, Steve looked around frantically.  Thor, Clint, Loki and Tony surrounded the bed; their eyes reflected the same lust as Bucky’s.  There was no escape.  Steve shook violently as he tried to keep himself huddled against the headboard.  Bucky stripped all his clothes off and Steve felt the bed dip.  He felt the metal grab him as Bucky easily lifted Steve as he placed himself sitting against the headboard.  He positioned Steve straddling his lap.  Steve shuddered as he felt his best friend’s semi hard 10 inch cock at his still covered entrance.  Steve shook as he looked down, unable to meet Bucky’s face.  The Winter Soldier’s arms encircled Steve’s tiny waist.
Steve and Tony shared a look of horror.  “We’re not staying here.  You can go ahead and just kill us.”  Steve said as his voice shook.  Thanos laughed.
“Yes, Daddy.”  She said as she walked towards the bed and proceeded to lay down.  She could not help but be nervous.  She had not seen them in some time, and she did not want mess up.  They would be angry and may hand her back over for punishment.
Steve’s chin trembled.  He wanted to scream…to yell…to claw at his captor with all his might.  “Y-Yes.”
Bruce placed the tablet down and walked over to the three restrained men.  “I am ashamed to have called you friends…colleagues.  What you did to Steve…is absolutely unimaginable.”  He turned to Natasha and Sam.  “Guys, find Steve.”  They nodded their heads and made their way further into the Penthouse.
Tony nodded his head; it was futile to try to argue with him.  He knew that, but his curious nature never quit.  He knew there was no chance of returning to Earth.  “Are we going to stay here forever?”  He asked.
“Well, Steve kind of sort of belongs to you, right?  You’ve been very possessive of him since you came back into the fold.  And I think we’ve all respected that.”
Tony gazed at Clint and Bucky who were stone faced.  “What are you talking about?”  He replied in a haughty dismissive tone as he casually looked back at Black Widow.
“If at some point there is a reason otherwise, convicted rapists go to General Population like anyone else, prisoner 161019.  You are free to appeal your placement.  Until then, you will now be escorted to your new home.”
“Things will be easier when you accept what you are, Stevie.  You are a girl now.”  He paused.  “You know why?”  He asked but it was clearly rhetorical.  Bucky leaned forward so his head rested on Steve’s thin shoulder.  “Because you have these gorgeous little titties…”  He said as he pinched the nipples lightly causing Steve to cry out.  He started moving his hands down his body until he reached Steve’s closed legs.  He slowly grasped the shapely legs and parted them to reveal his core.  “Look at your beautiful, pink pussy, baby.  You have the prettiest cunt Daddy has ever seen.  He ran his fingers over the lips as Steve tried not to tremble.  Every touch made him want to throw up.  “And pretty girls have their special little button.”  He paused as he sucked on his finger and then fondled Steve’s clit.  He cried out at the unwanted stimulation.  The helplessness he felt was overwhelming as Bucky continued assaulting him.  “See, Stevie?”  He dipped inside him in and held up the wet finger.  “Look how soaked you are after I touch your sweet spot?  Such a good girl for your Daddy.”  He inserted three fingers, the tight fit making Steve cry out in pain.
Warning: Time jump at the start of the chapter.  It is now one year later and there have been some changes in the boys.
“If Bruce were here, I don’t think he’d be a part of this conversation.”  Clint added. Bruce was currently off the grid indefinitely.  He was in Calcutta doing mission work.  He had the Hulk under control for the time being and wanted to be productive with his time.  Natasha was also gone, on a prolonged undercover mission for SHIELD.
“It’s okay, sweetheart.  You have been so good for us since you came back.  I am so happy with how things are.  Are you happy?”
“At least Fury has stopped pestering me about her.”  Tony said.  “He insists that SHIELD can find a reversal.”
Steve reluctantly rose and slowly walked to him.  He stood in front of Thanos, unsure what was happening.  “Such strength inside you.”  He raised his other hand and caressed his head.  “And innocence.”
“Great!”  The three started walking to the elevator to descend into the garage.  Steve could only watch as they disappeared.  She was suddenly alone with the 6 ft 5 in man staring down at her.
The Winter Soldier chose that exact moment to join the men in the common room.  “Ask me what?”  He said as he marched over to the mead and poured himself a healthy dose so he could actually get drunk.
“Tony…”  Steve whispered as his eyes drifted to the purple giant sitting and watching them.  Tony gently rotated his head back to him.
“Bad girl…”  Tony smirked at the sight of Steve’s bare ass in the air.  It was now a beautiful shade of pink.  He started stroking his morning erection.
“But I forgive you, Stevie…because I love you…and, after all this time, I think I deserve a reward.”
“Hey, Pete.”  Tony responded fondly as he held the crying youth in his arms.  A tear fell from his eyes as well.
“Sounds awesome.”  Clint said as he looked down at Stevie.  He pushed his chair back, forcing her to follow him.  He picked her up and lowered her onto his hard, leaking cock.  He arched up as he reveled in her tightness. Steve tried not to complain.  Her walls were dry, but Clint did not care as he stayed still for a moment.  She could just feel his dick twitching inside her.  “What about Stevie?”
“Does it matter?  We all wanted a more compliant slave, and now we have one.”  Loki smirked.  “Unless you like the ones who still have a bit of fight in them.  Believe me, it grew tiresome.”
“I assure you, this one is special.”  The All Father responded.  “I am pleased you enjoyed yourself.”
Tony stepped up and placed lube on the smaller flexible cock behind her.  He pushed it inside her ass, they could see both her holes stretched wide on the dildos.  He opened a small space and brought out a clit stimulator and placed it against her nub.  He handcuffed her wrists and pressed a button on the wall.  A harness lowered down from the ceiling and brought her arms up above her head at a ninety-degree angle and attached her restrained wrists to it.  He placed a fake cock inside her mouth and attached the strap around her head to keep it in place.
After a few hours, Steve had been used by the ruler of Vanaheim and his delegation many times and in all her orifices.  She was dragged away to be bathed.
“Damn…that’s so fucking hot.”  Clint said as he masturbated.  He arched as his load shot over her belly.  “Fuck.  I could use a drink.”
“As we’ll ever be.”  Bucky smirked as he picked up the leash from the floor and sat Stevie on the bed for a moment.  “Now, Mr. Jack is going to babysit you for us, so you be good, sweetheart.”
Steve nodded as she looked down.  She sniffed once and took another deep breath.  “Okay.  Let’s do this.”  She tried to smile.
Before they left, Ross turned to Steve.  “I think their punishment was not severe enough, Captain.  They should have all received life sentences.”
After breakfast, they met in the war room.  Thanos sat on his large throne and Tony and Steve flanked each side facing him.
Steve sobbed as the stretch burned and he was so sore.  How was it that he was still so tight after the violation he endured the previous night?
“Go ahead, Clint.”  Bucky ordered as he could feel Steve start to struggle slightly.  “Stay still, honey.”  He commanded.
“I will.  Come back inside.”  Thanos returned to the house and the unspoken expectation was to follow him.  Steve and Tony complied for now.
“Steven is resting, Anthony.  As should you.  It is time to leave.”  The gauntlet was running low on power so Thanos could not open a portal for some time.
Tony knew he was close, but he was ableto contain himself.  He loved prolonging his release as long as possible.  It was incredibly enjoyable like that at times.  He was not going to let her succeed today.  He nearly exploded, but luckily his self-control prevailed.
“Good.”  He patted her shoulder.  “You are our whore.  And that’s all you are.  A set of holes for us to find pleasure with.”  He turned her towards the Warriors Three.  “These are our friends, and you will continue to be a good girl for us, will you not?”
“You have earned the chance to ask something of me.”  He paused.  “Choose wisely.  If I am able to fulfill your request, I will.”
“Haven’t tried her ass yet.”  Tony added.  “But her mouth and pussy are amazing.”  He glanced at Steve who was curled into a ball on the bed.  “I’ll have to try it when we get to Malibu.  I fucking hate sloppy seconds back there.”
Please heed the tag warnings. This story continues to be DEAD DOVE: DO NOT EAT. This is not a nice story for Stevie.
“He dropped it for now when I explained for the millionth time, that our dear captain needs some R & R and that he’d find it in Asgard.”
She refused to even look at her former best friend as he spoke to her.  “You will be punished for thinking you could injure your body that way, Stevie.  Your body belongs to us, honey.”
“Fuck…”  Tony said as he stretched out on the couch.  “We need to get Stevie back.  My dick aches thinking about her pussy.”
Tony was escorted into a federal prison in New York state.  After initial processing, his hair was shaved down to a buzz cut and his facial hair was also removed.  He was now standing in front of two guards and the Warden and he was resolutely refusing to strip down for the customary search.
Bucky again ignored him and looked to the Asgardians, who were putting on a show themselves.  “Thor.  Loki.  Have at it.”
“Now, slave, we are here to correct a great wrong.  Be a good girl.  Lady Sif shall report to me your progress.  If you perform well, you know what your reward is.  If you do not, I will have a great punishment for you.”  She leaned down to whisper in her ear: “Give your sincerest apologies as well, child.”  She smiled as she caressed her hair.  With a nod to the Lady, Finna departed.
When they finished, she was brought to a room with flowing draperies, the scent filling the space smelled of spices and flowers.  Her hair was dried, and curls placed in them.  Afterwards, she was rubbed down with a fragrant lotion, her skin left glowing and almost glittery after the treatment.
Rhodey’s face plate came up and he could only look upon his best friend with shock and disbelief.  “Honeybear…”  Tony trailed off when he realized that his friend would not step up for him.  “Okay…”  His eyes turned dark.  Tony threw his hand out to call his suit.  One piece flew towards him and attached to his left arm.
Steve was provided with intense outpatient therapy with many medical professionals.  She received care from psychologists and psychiatrists that specialized in those dealing with human trafficking and sexual slavery.  She also confronted her gender issues.  There was so much trauma that faced her, at times she did not think she could emerge to any sense of normalcy.
Suddenly, the door to the spaceship opened again.  Thanos emerged.  He stepped onto the grass and walked towards the group.  T’Challa crossed his arms and his Black Panther suit materialized around him.  Rhodey armed his repulsors.  Widow pulled out her stun batons.  She looked to Steve and Tony with betrayal in her eyes.
Bucky ignored his pleas as he looked over to see a naked Loki and Thor fondling each other.  Small moans escaping from them both.   They were beautiful.
“Guess you graduated to general population, Barnes.”  The guard said as they reached their destination.  They waited for the large steel doors to open and he escorted Barnes to a new cell block that had eight cells in it.  After Bucky place his items in a cell, the guard unlocked his chains and departed.  Bucky looked down for a moment and then heard steps in front of his cell.
They left her in the corner and returned to the table to finish their breakfast.  They reveled in the muffled sounds coming from her coupled with the vibrations in her holes.
“Who are you?” She tried not to panic, placing her hand in her pocket, ensuring her phone was there if she had to call for help.
“Tell her what it does Tony.”  Bucky said as he turned towards Stark who stood up from his chair to be in eye shot of Steve.
“Please, Stark,” Loki added, “By the way you gaze at our dear Captain, you are hardly devastated that he has not reverted to his previous form.”
Steve kept his head down as he refused to look at the man he didn’t know anymore.  Bucky used his metal hand to raise his head.  He gently wiped the tears that were still falling.
Steve trembled as he traveled a few steps back to the bed and lay his head down as he raised his backside.  His hands shook as he reached behind and parted his butt to reveal his glistening tight pucker.  He turned his head into the pillow to try to muffle his crying.
“Okay, my boy.”  Thanos patted his leg.  He saw only a small hesitation but then Tony straddled his large leg.  This was a position that he had his boys assume on occasion.  “What is it Anthony?”  Thanos added in a gentle tone.
When she recovered, Finna turned her to face her.  The younger woman had no choice but to straddle her.  “A good slave will receive rewards on occasion.  If you are good for your Masters, they will make you feel good as they see fit.”  She caressed the angelic face.  “Do you understand?”
“Y-Yes, Daddy.”  Steve trembled in fear.  As much as she hated her former friends, she felt anxiety knowing she would be alone with the large, scarred man.  His eyes were cold and dead.
After some hesitation, Steven complied.  He could not even look at Tony as he climbed on the bed; silent tears streaming down his face.
“Yes.”  He stepped forward.  “You will find the metals and resources you will use are far superior to those found on earth.”  He placed his hand on Tony’s face.  He knew his Little Genius was suffering without an outlet for his intelligence.  It was time to allow him to play.  “Now…if you do anything that displeases me, Anthony, your brother will pay the price.”
“It does not always need to be pain, child.  Or cold.” Her grey eyes stared upon her.  The girl still shivered greatly despite the fur and the large fire burning in the room.  Finna knew when she took a small glimpse into her mind that cold was a great trigger for this one.  She would take full advantage of the aspect to get her in line.
“You’ve been back in the land of the living for two years now, James,” Tony said, “Are you too chicken?”
“Shoulda used the bot earlier.”  Clint remarked with a wink as she moved over to him and started sucking his dick.
“We do have some troubling news though.”  Loki added.  “Our slave showed great disrespect to Lady Sif and thus caused both Thor and I feelings of humiliation.”
“I don’t want to hear it, Stevie.  You’ve been an awfully bad girl and perhaps some time with the chair will give you some to time to think.”  He motioned down with a sharp nod of his head.  All Stevie could do was lower herself down on the stiff cock in the middle of the booster like seat.  As she got fully to her knees, she cried out at the pain of the fake cock inside her.
She nodded.  He loosened his grip around her waist, and she slipped onto the floor and immediately placed his dick in her mouth.  “Jesus…”  He gazed and Tony and Clint.  “Amazing…” He groaned as she expertly sucked him.  It didn’t take too long for him to cum down her throat.
“Tony…”  Bruce implored as he saw the look in his friend’s eyes.  He was not the same Tony Stark they knew.
“Come with me, Loki.  Now!”  Thor arched up violently as he released inside Steve ass.  Loki followed suit.  He lazily kissed his brother again and then slowly stepped back, the group watching warm cum ooze out the abused hole.  Thor lifted Steve from him and placed him on his legs, but he could not hold his weight and the former super soldier collapsed onto the floor.  He lay there unable to move due to such intense pain.  He was beyond exhausted.  He took a few gasping breaths here and there as he stared straight ahead, cum pouring from his torn and bruised holes.
Finna watched pleased as the slave caused the others to peak.  Her technique was much improved, and she showed enthusiasm for the task at hand.  This time, Finna had used training slaves that were not modified.
Thor defended himself.  “I am simply stating that the Captain is beautiful, although I much appreciated Steve’s form before this change was forced upon
Tony raised a finger.  “Few logistics.  We don’t want to have any bambinos running around if that’s even possible in his changed state.  If Bruce were here, I’d have him take care of that.”
“Bucky was my Daddy first…because he said I owed him for letting him fall.”  Her lip trembled as she teared.  “A-And for teasing for him for so long.”  She choked out as her voice broke.  “And…and Uncle Tony, Thor, Clint and Loki.  B-But…Daddy Bucky said they were all my Daddies.”
“What do you say to us, Little One?  For pampering you so?”  Thor said, his eyes darkening when she did not immediately reply.
“It is truly appalling how archaic Miguardian culture is, brother.”  Loki said as he turned to Thor.
“We’ve been monitoring you…waiting for Steve’s return.  We were able to see what you have done to Steve this whole time. It takes some time to break through the firewalls, but we discovered Steve was back late last night.”  He paused as Tony started getting red in the face.  “Luckily, I remember the codes you gave to override the system undetected.  And that’s what I did.”  He stopped because he had to control his growl.  He did not want to turn into the Hulk.
“We can use the back channel, Thor.”  Loki answered.  He did not want to risk Fury attempting to remove Steve from their sights.
As he entered the prison, it was slow going as he was shackled at the waist and legs.  He was strip searched and given standard prison gear.  He received a buzz cut and shaved.  The warden met him in processing and informed him he would now be housed here.  He was denied protective custody and was placed in General population.  Clint attempted to argue but to no avail. He asked to discuss his move with his lawyer and all the Warden told him was that the move was approved.  As he followed the two guards to his destination, they entered the noisy cell block that must have had hundreds of cells; cat calls were hurled at him.  The sounds were deafening and a sign of true chaos.  He kept his head high and ignored them.  The guard stopped and he unlocked the cell.
Upon arrival, the guard brought Steve to a small windowless room.  Finna stepped through the door after a few minutes.  “You will wait here until you are requested, slave.”  She said in a harsh tone.  “Sit.”  She gestured at the lone chair in the room.
Steve aborted a sob that threatened to release as he slowly dropped the clothes to the bed.  He stood there slightly shivering from the coolness in the air.  Bucky picked him up and carried him to the others.  Tony motioned to them to follow him down an ornate glass staircase that led to the lower level.  There they found an amazing set up: a large Japanese style bed, a breeding bench, a padded table with restraints in each corner and a wall adorned with sex toys, chains, leashes; whatever one could imagine, it was there.  It was a massive sex room with an amazing view of the Pacific.  Clint whistled, continuously awestruck by the wealth of Stark.
“I’m getting a towel to clean us off, sweetheart.”  He quickly retrieved one and wiped them both down.  He gathered Steve in his arms.  “You did so well.”  Steve buried himself in Tony’s smooth chest.
“We don’t do anything.  Me and Steve.  It’s hard.”  He looked down.  The strain of being sexual playthings was wearing on both of them.  Tony was trying to be strong for both of them, but it was difficult.  He couldn’t help it when his mind drifted to Peter or Pepper or the fact they failed the earth.  As for Steve, he didn’t talk a lot, and when he did, he sounded so young and naïve.  The emotional toll of life and losses rendered him altered forever. Tony thought the Mad Titan liked that.  It seemed to cement the dynamic that he wanted to create.  Tony was trying so hard to preserve as much of himself as possible.
As the brunette gazed down at the nude body, he palmed one of the breasts.  They were as soft and supple as they looked.  If it was possible, Bucky became even harder.  He looked down at Steve’s bare pussy…he wanted to thank the witch for that.  He appeared so innocent and pure.  He couldn’t wait to pound into his Stevie.  He smiled as he heard the other men in the room disrobe.  No one spoke as they waited for Bucky to proceed.  After fondling the right breast, he let his hand wander slowly down, until he used one single finger to push inside.  Steve screamed in pain as his long finger bumped against the dry hymen.  He tried frantically to close his legs.
“Now, baby…you need to do better than that.  If you don’t make me come properly, you will be punished.”
“Steve…”  Bucky said as he took steps towards them.  He looked to T’Challa who was more skeptical than the others.
Tony reluctantly complied and within the hour, he was placed in a helicopter and was flown to an unknown destination.
“Of course I was!”  Loki answered.  “But alas, she’s not here anymore.”  The younger brother smiled.
Tears fell from the super soldier as he gazed upon the man he had not seen for two years.  “T-Tony…is it really you?”
“What?”  He laughed.  “I was going to put the symbol of the metal arm instead but it just looked like a dick!” Tony said as he grabbed his own robe.  “Come on, I’m starving!”
“Buck…”  Steve croaked out as the two super soldiers embraced as well.  After they stepped back from each other, Bucky casually reached up and touched Steve’s now long blond hair.  “Look at you, punk.”  His voice was laden with emotion.
Bucky walked up to Steve and hauled him up for moment.  “What the fuck did you call him, Stevie?”  Controlling his Winter Soldier strength, he slapped him across the face and grasped him hard by the shoulders, causing Steve to sob in pain.  “Show the respect your Uncle deserves.  How selfish are you, Stevie, when your Uncle Clint was generous enough to make you cum and this is how you repay him?”  He paused as his eyes narrowed in anger.  “Huh?”
“Clint, Tony…grab a leg.”  The two men climbed onto the bed and complied, each taking Steve’s slender leg and opening him up.  Steve could feel his core exposed to the entire room.
Tony wished his body was not reacting so strongly to Steve’s but he would be lying to himself.  He had fantasized so much through the years what it would be like to have Steve.
There was a large footstool in front of the throne.  Steve and Tony sat down heavily on it as they hugged each other as tears rolled down their faces.  They watched their friends through the portal return to life.  Confusion was apparent on the faces of the resurrected.  They looked around taking in their surroundings as they touched themselves and realized they were corporeal.  As the newly reborn stood up to congregate, Thanos slowly closed the portal.
“Didn’t do any good, though, did it?”  He paused.  “You still murdered trillions because you’re fucking crazy.”  He finally gazed up at his nightmare.
Thanos took a seat by him.  He watched the glow of the lights reflect on his beautiful boy’s face.  “I am so proud of you, Anthony.”
“And why should I do that, sugar?  My feelings were hurt when you tried to keep me from touching what is ours.”
“Yes, Mistress.”  Steve nodded as she assumed the position as commanded and lowered her mouth to the waiting cunt.
After he had bottomed out on the waiting cock, Bucky palmed the perky breasts that he had not had a chance to enjoy the night before.
Thanos pulled out and stood up.  He looked down on them and smiled.  “Well done, boys.”  He left the room.
In the am, Stevie woke, and she groaned as every fiber in her being hurt.  She stared straight up at the ceiling, almost feeling removed from her body.  She knew where she was; she knew what her circumstances were.  But the fight was gone.  They won.  Her body was not her own.  She was just a girl to be used.  She was a whore…a cum dump…worthless.  She had no tears left to fight against their cruelty; their depravity.
Thanos had informed Tony and Steve that he controlled a good portion of the planet and he looked to rule benevolently but they had enemies.  Steve learned of them as he walked through the streets of the capital city.  He met with ordinary citizens.  He also traveled to rural areas as well.  He learned of the toll the decimation had on people.  While people were sad about losing loved ones, many, especially those who struggled, believed that they were better off now.  They praised the bravery of Thanos and how he saved them all.  They felt blessed to survive and felt they were chosen by a higher power to be in this world.  They had only hoped that their enemies would have been vanquished.
The next day, Thanos brought Tony to an area of the castle.  When they entered, Tony’s eyes shot open as he looked around.  It appeared to be like a high tech lab.  “Do you like it?”  Thanos asked.  Tony was speechless.  “Well, Anthony?”
When Tony returned he said, “Stevie should be fine by morning, Thor says.”  He flopped down onto the bed next to the unconscious girl.  He ran his hand through his hair.  “Fuck…that was close.”
Steve sat in the chair in front of his desk, finishing up emails.  He was coordinating his next mission.  Since opening the center in upstate New York, he was busy planning other shelters as well.  There were plans to open a new one in the Midwest and another in the West.  Things were progressing nicely.  In addition to his Avenger duties, Steve had partnered with the FBI to aid in investigating cases of human trafficking.  He had recently help in a raid that saved over thirty people from slavery.  He felt accomplished and proud to assist in the recovery of the victims.
“No, Stevie.  I’m not hurt.  Right as rain actually.  I am finally going to take what I want.”  He smiled and looked like a predator.
I love hearing your ideas! Now that Steve will be in Asgard, let me know if there is something you'd like to see!
As angry as Tony had been at Steve and the Winter Soldier, the two year separation brought him perspective.  While it hurt that Steve did not divulge the information to him, he knew in his heart he could not blame James Buchanan Barnes for what Hydra made him do.  Tony had watched hours and hours of tape from the information dump of the decades of torture Bucky endured.  It was horrific.  He made his peace some time ago; he just never had the balls to contact Steve. He knew Steve was in an impossible position…it just really hurt.
