“Can I help you?”  Sam hated being short with her but the headache pounding in his left temple made it difficult to mind his manners.
“Maisie, you should come with me,” Cas said calmly.  “I can ward the hotel room against Fairies and keep you safe until this is all over.”
had a regrettable tendency to treat
“No.”
When Fenella came back, they ordered three flights of the house craft beers.  If not for the Fairies, Dean reflected, this place would be pretty awesome.  They were serious about their booze and they had cheeseburgers infused with Guinness stout.  He ordered one of those with extra fries covered in cheese sauce and bacon bits.  Sam muttered something about cholesterol but Dean ignored him.  As if he’d live long enough to die from heart disease.
For once, luck came through for him.  Cas was fast asleep in an exhausted heap on the pull-out couch, face smooshed into the flimsy hotel pillow.  He stood there in the doorway between the sitting room and the bedroom for way too long, watching her and kicking himself for making everything too complicated.  He needed to put all of his feelings about Cas in a box, bury that box somewhere, and never look for it again.  Otherwise, some day he was going to slip up and do something incredibly, mind-bogglingly stupid, and then Cas really would disappear out of his life for good and he’d have only himself to blame.
Again, she was thoughtful and took her time.  “No, I’m sorry, that doesn’t ring any bells at all.”  She pulled off her glasses and wiped the tear streaks from the lenses.  “Wait . . .  a few months ago, Matt joined a darts league.  They played out of a pub in Belchamp but I don’t remember which one.  I never went with him because I teach a late class on the night they play.”
It was pure bad luck that Maisie chose to ask how Castiel had come to Fall just as Castiel was working the fussy strokes of the
While Sam checked around the foundation for runes or inscriptions, Dean considered what Cas said last night.  Only two attacks in nearly 200 years.  He thought about Ada and Father Pederson telling him that they felt safe here no matter how late they had to work.  Maybe it wouldn’t be the worst thing if the dog’s body was somewhere they couldn’t get at it.
And there it was at last: Castiel the warrior angel, the Cas who stood up to archangels, the Cas who could go toe-to-toe with Dean himself in what Bobby used to call “sheer cussed stubbornness.”  But Dean knew better than anyone what went along with that kind of courage and determination.  He sipped his bourbon and searched for the right words.  He settled on just okay words.  “Just don’t . . . ya know, don’t pay everything.  I like having you alive.”
Strong hands wrapped around her mug, Ada asked, “So show me where they wrote about burying a dog and making a spirit guardian.”  Cas walked her through the translations.  When Cas finished, Ada shook her head.  “And these were the people who said my Ojibwe great-grandparents were backwards savages.”  She turned to Dean, her brown eyes solemn and sad.  “You’re right.  I should take care of this.  There’s no reason to bother Father Pederson with this.  He would be heartbroken to know that the people who built this church did this to a living creature.  I know I am.”
Dean was fishing in his pockets for change to get the kid his bottle of water when he heard his name – not his latest FBI alias, but a surprised and joyful shout of “Dean!” – from across the community room.  He snapped his head towards the door and saw a young woman shake off the arm of a nurse and head right for him, face alight.  She was white, medium height for a woman, with long reddish-brown hair bound up in a sloppy pony tail and truly beautiful blue eyes.
“Don’t try to tell Dean that he’s smart, it offends him,” Sam snarked.
No wonder he and Cas clicked so well.  Their emotional baggage came in matching colors.
Every time Cas said stuff like this, it set Dean back a step, reminding him that his nerdy, frequently badass buddy with zero fashion sense was impossibly old and had seen things Dean couldn’t even imagine.  He remembered all the times he’d mouthed off at Cas and wondered, not for the first time, at Cas’s patience with him.  That Cas had only really smacked the complete shit out of him once was kind of amazing, in hindsight.
“Thank you for that, Dean.  Thank you for listening.  And thank you for staying to watch over me while I slept,” Cas said.  Of course she’d see it that way, Dean realized, and not get all weird about them sharing a bed.
Sitting in the “Patient Services Area” with the small mound of paperwork the hospital required for them to take custody of their “cousin,” Sam had been tapping his pen against the table just long enough to get on Dean’s nerves.  “What?” Dean demanded.
When the tape rolled around to
Well, it only took 10 months for me to get my fiction-writing mojo back.  I apologize to everyone patient enough to wait for this.
“You know, I begged God for guidance,” she continued.  “Begged.  He never answered.  I don’t know why I thought He would.”
One entire wall of bookshelves was devoted to church records.  After Ada pointed out the ones in English, Dean sat down at the wobbly library table and began skimming through them, looking for anything that might be unusual.  The records confirmed that Ada had worked here for nearly 30 years without any attacks or incidents, so she was unlikely to be a skinwalker, which made Dean happy because she seemed like a solid lady.  Father Pederson had been here for 15 years, also no attacks or weirdness during that time.  The priests before him seemed equally steady and dull with no recorded complaints other than too much fondness for the bottle.  It was slow and tedious work.  Dean found his thoughts drifting as he ran through page after page of marriages, christenings, deaths and other mundane details.
“Valerian and Saint John’s wort. They’re herbal therapies for calming. They don’t take the edge off my reflexes or my brain, don’t worry,” Sam replied, edging into snippy and annoyed.
Cas stared closely at the flier.  “Some of it.  But this one symbol something else.  Something I can’t read.”
They stood like that for a long time. His T-shirt was damp where her face was pressed into his chest.  He held her until her sobs subsided and her tense body relaxed, making him wonder whether she’d somehow fallen asleep standing up.  “Hey, you awake?” he asked.
“Ya know, you don’t have to be all heavy lifting all the time.  Download some cat videos or something.”  He caught himself before he repeated what he usually said to Sam in situations like this – go watch some porn – because that was not something he wanted to discuss with Cas right now.  Or ever.  Instead, he focused on the very safe task of making a fresh pot of coffee.  They’d already blown through the one he made first thing this morning.
[2]  Referring, of course, to Dean's plan for defeating the Mother of All in 6.19 Mommy Dearest
Sam was deeply relieved to be getting back to work. Rest was great and all, but work let him focus. Focus mostly stopped his head from coughing up flashbacks from the Cage or, worse, manifesting a chatty, distracting Lucifer. Well, focus and the sheer amount of valerian and Saint John’s wort he was downing with his coffee every morning. Over-the-counter calmers only went so far, though.
Cas had packed a weird assortment of Michelle’s clothes, but Dean managed to put together an outfit that didn’t seem out of line for a young woman out for a night of fun with her friends: close-fitting long-sleeved blue T-shirt patterned in darker blues, jeans and a pair of striped sneakers.  And the trench coat.  She wasn’t budging on the trench coat.  “It’s the only thing left in my life that feels like
So yeah, I’m not ashamed to say that Dean Winchester finally got with his angel in the back seat of Baby and all we did was make out with our clothes on like horny kids afraid of their parents.
“Deal,” Sam answered.  “Grab me some aspirin and let’s see if we can find anything more online.”  It wasn’t much more than a thread, but it was something.  Something hopeful for the first time in months.
Dean waited until he heard the sound of water running to get his brother’s attention. “So, how’s your head, Sammy? You all good to be back in the game?”
Still more silence from Cas, so I filled it with all the crap that needed saying.  “Cas, I’m trying here.  Trying to do better.  I’m trying really hard not to be such an asshole to you because you don’t deserve that, not at all, and I never want you to think you do.  So now I know about your deal.  And I’m not mad.  I’m not gonna yell.  I just wanna, you know, talk about it.”
“So, uh, how much of last night do you remember?” he asked.
For the life of him, he didn’t recognize her.  Dean searched his memory of hunts, hook ups, and schools he’d attended during his wandering youth, but couldn’t place her.  Hook up seemed likely – despite the tell-tale thinness and pasty complexion of illness, she appealed to him in all the right ways.  Dammit, he might not always remember the names of the women he hooked up with, but he liked to think he remembered their faces.  Most of the time.
when we find her, and I believe we already have most of the tools we will need,” she began.
“Yeah.  Detective Drummond is Tim’s cousin.  Rosie is related to the Police Chief and the Mayor,” Maisie responded.
“Wait, that makes sense,” Sam chimed in, jumping up from the kitchen table to grab his laptop.  “The only fatal dog or wolf attack story I found in the records of this area was from nearly 100 years ago, so I didn’t pay a lot of attention to it.  I only made a copy of the article at all because it also involved an attempted theft from Saint Brigitta’s Church.”  Sam pulled up an image of an old local newspaper on his laptop and showed it to Dean.  “Here you go, 1901, Karl Lindgren, age 29, local drunk, found mauled to death on the grounds of Saint Brigitta’s Church.  It was blamed on wolves.  But he was trying to steal the church poor box when he was attacked.”
more question.” Maisie laughed at that, and Castiel was surprised by how pleasing it was to have succeeded at human humor, even if not deliberately.  Dean had frequently emphasized how important it was to learn humor.
While he dressed, Sam and Cas continued to pore over notes and lore.  “Okay, assuming we can find this green lady, how do we take her out?” Sam asked.
He’d almost kissed Cas.
No retreating now.  “Uh, food and beer.  Table for three,” Dean replied.  Sam immediately fell into playing along.  Cas looked vaguely freaked out but followed his lead without question.
him like that, as if broken, busted up Dean Winchester, with his dumbass pep talks and his head full of movie quotes, as if he somehow had the big important answers she needed about life.  As if he was somehow enough to make this whole shitshow worthwhile for her.  That’s when he’d gone right over the cliff, like the Coyote after the Road Runner, because fuck it if that wasn’t the best thing anyone had said or even thought about him in forever.  In that moment, it hadn’t even occurred to him to argue that he wasn’t worth it.  In that moment, all he’d wanted to do was kiss Cas until they were both breathless and then invite her to break in the back seat of the Barracuda with him.
“Dude, she begged me to give her something to do.  Besides, how much trouble can we get in translating moldy old church records?”  Dean explained.
Keeping it equally casual, Dean responded, “I was surprised to find a fresh pot at nearly four in the afternoon, but I’m sure not complaining.”
“What can you tell me about the candlesticks the boys tried to steal?”
It was midnight when they finally gave up on doing research and kicking around ideas, but Dean knew his head was too full for him to sleep any time soon.  He sent his brother off to sleep in the guest room – Sam would never fit on the couch but Dean would, just barely – and sat down to flip through TV channels.  Whoever the Swansons had been, they had a decent cable package.  Dead family’s house, dead family’s couch, dead family’s TV, and an ex-angel who’d somehow repo’d a half-dead body sleeping in the family bed like goddamn Goldilocks, Dean reflected morosely.
To lay it on the line
By the time he returned to the house, armed with coffee beans, dinner fixings and a couple of other necessities, Cas was showered, dressed and sitting at the kitchen table frowning at the laptop they’d bought for her.  At glance at the screen told him she was staring at blocks of text in a language he didn’t understand.  She seemed to be getting the hang of the computer research thing pretty well, all things considered.  “Whatcha readin’?” he asked as he stowed the groceries.
Sam was still at the kitchen table, still in his suit, still focused on his laptop.  Dean guessed he probably hadn’t moved since Dean had left – the usual Sam stuff when he had caught a lead.  “Chuck wagon’s here!”  Dean declared, getting his brother’s attention.  He handed Sam his bag of fake burger and rabbit food, threw the groceries that needed to be kept cold into the ‘fridge, then opened beers for the both of them.
“Cas, is it really you?”  Dean asked, taking the guest chair across from the bed.  He honestly wasn’t sure what he wanted the answer to be.  “I saw you die – the Leviathans . . . :”
Cas was, of all things, curled up in the back seat reading a book. She responded to Dean’s question with a confused look. “I’m sorry, I have no idea what you’re talking about.” There was only one cure for that.
“Trogen,” Cas said.  The dog looked directly at her then sat down, alert and attentive.  Dean had no idea what Cas was saying, even what language she was speaking, but the dog seemed to understand.  It made a sort of whiny “roo-roo” noise back at her, like this was the most messed up episode of
Jason was suitably intimidated by the suit and the flash of the badge.  Dean tried not to grimace when the kid immediately called him “sir.”
Cas chanted the Latin in a sort of monotone with a flourish at the end.  She had a nice voice, Dean noticed.  He idly wondered if she knew how to sing.
Maisie looked around again, more wary this time.  The slow song had come to its natural end and couples were starting to leave the dance floor.  Dean was on his way back to the bar with Fenella trailing close behind.  “Not now, not here,” Maisie said quickly, nearly whispering.  “I’ll meet you tomorrow at noon at Holy Cross, the church on Dalton Street.  That’s holy ground.  We should be safe talking there.”
book. I would like to watch one or two of them with you some time, to compare them to the book,” Cas said. “If you’d like,” she added, suddenly self-conscious about asking for something.
“Screw deserve. You’re family and we don’t leave family behind,” Dean insisted.
The way he’d managed to break out of last night’s nightmare made a lot more sense now.  Cas really had been here to pull him out of it.  Then, of course, because it was Cas, she’d sat here all night watching him sleep until she’d eventually fallen asleep herself.  Stupid, sentimental crap.  But kinda sweet too.  And he had to admit that, up close like this, her hair smelled nice, like a grassy field after the rain, which wasn’t the worst thing to wake up to.
“No, I get it.  I do.  And I can’t say you were wrong not to say anything.  I was pretty messed up from Michael, and then Jack lost his soul, and then Mom,” I said, swallowing hard, because what happened to Mom still hurt like hell.  “I would have blown up at you, gotten angry, like I do.  So you were right.  Right to wait.”
“What the hell’s that?”
“I’m not interested in hurting anyone.  Dean – my friend – and I are trying to find out why four men are dead, including this young man.  Will you help us?”
While she was changing, Sam came out of the bedroom.  He’d clearly had the same “bait” idea that Dean did because he was wearing one of his nicer button-down shirts over his newest and cleanest jeans.  He glanced at Dean, then glanced at Cas’s clothes spread out all over the couch, then back at Dean.  “Hey, ya know, if you’d rather go out with just Cas tonight, I don’t mind staying and getting some research done,” Sam said, so deliberately casual that his casualness nearly smacked Dean in the face.  “You two can do reconnaissance just fine without me.  I don’t wanna get in the way.”
Cas looked green at the suggestion of food, but nodded.
Dean sat down in her guest chair and leaned his arms on the edge of her desk. “I’m going to tell you some things that sound crazy, but I want you to hear me out before you decide.”  Ada stopped typing and nodded.  She looked uneasy.  What he was about to say wasn’t going to make it any better.
“There are any number of spells –” Cas began.
Well that was good news, at least.  “Look, I’ve hit a dead end and I’m going to head back to the house before I pick up Sam from the library.  Can I bring you something?”
“So why were you and your buddy at the church that night?”  Dean asked.
Cas shook her head.  “I wasn’t praying for myself.  I haven’t earned forgiveness from Heaven.  I was asking Heaven to help me find a way to heal Sam.”
Of all the times for Cas to forget that sarcasm was a thing.  Dean rubbed his jaw.  “Yeah, uh, you know I’m not exactly Mr. Well-Adjusted, right?  You should probably find someone else to teach you about being human.”
Castiel spent the drive back to the hotel lost in her thoughts.  When the car stopped, she had her seatbelt unbuckled before she realized they weren’t parked at the hotel at all, but at the end of a road overlooking a wooded park.  “Dean?” she asked, not understanding.
“You – you’re right. I should have talked to you.  But you had already sacrificed so much,” Cas said, painfully quiet but still loud enough for Dean to hear.  “I couldn’t be the one to ask more from you.  I – I - just couldn’t.  I was trying to – to – protect you.”
“Be my guest.  I’ll be in my office doing paperwork if you need anything,” Ada replied.  “Why don’t you come with me, Ms. Swanson, and I’ll get you started on our old books.”  With a nod to Dean, she escorted Cas into the church.
“Whatcha lookin’ for?  And can I help?  I grew up here and I, like, know all sorts of things about the town and about Fairies.”
, human and needing his help, could he forgive her enough to give that help?  Son of a bitch, why did these moral dilemmas always fall on him?
“Take a break.  I’ll read up on black dogs in Dad’s journal and see what I can find on line,” Dean offered.  He’d dig into some research on the case and let Cas be for now, at least until he had any idea how to talk to her.  How the hell was it possible to be furious at someone, he wondered, and want to help them stop hurting at the same time?
After a few minutes of kneeling beside the couch, listening to the deep steady breathing that told her Dean was sleeping peacefully, Castiel felt her joints begin to object.  This was new too, these physical aches and pains from doing things that had once been effortless, and it was profoundly unwelcome.  Despite the discomfort, she was reluctant to leave.  Better sitting here, watching over Dean, than spending more stubbornly wakeful hours in bed.  She settled into a more comfortable sitting position against the couch.  She would wait there until the sun came up, then go try again to catch a few hours of rest.
Cas paused, blinking and rubbing her fingers over her eyes.  Dean was taken aback.  “Cas, are you . . . crying?”
thing had been made into a movie. They sat for a while over their beers and talked about the few books that Dean remembered from his haphazard schooling plus the ones he’d read on his own because they’d seemed interesting at the time. He’d never been the reader Sam was, but a good story or a good character that felt real to him would hook him in every time and some of those nerd books actually had good stuff under it all. He suggested a couple of Kurt Vonnegut books because he’d actually read and liked them (not for school, of course, but because Dad had said Vonnegut was his mother’s favorite author). He was really pleased when Cas promised to try one of those next. Sam joined the discussion when he got out of the shower and gave Dean a
I hadn’t checked the weather before coming up with this dumbass plan, and I pulled out of the bunker garage into gray skies and a rainstorm.  That was okay, although it meant I’d have to watch the road a bit more than I’d planned on.  We were in the Impala because I do my best thinking there, and my best talking.  So yeah, driving in a rainstorm wasn’t perfect, but I was done with waiting for perfect.  There was never going to be a good time or the right time or the perfect time, and with what was barreling down on us, if I didn’t do this soon, there might be no time at all.  So rain or no rain, it was time to drive.  It was time to talk.
“I started out thinking skinwalker in its shifted form,” Sam explained.  “But if it is, then it’s new to the area.  I couldn’t find any other animal attack stories anywhere around here, even though I searched back more than 50 years. I’m not sure that all the local papers are on line, though.  I’d like to hit the library and local newspaper office tomorrow.”
“I needed you to pull over so that I could do this without your running us off the road,” he said, leaning in to brush his lips against mine.  As kisses went, it was tentative, a little awkward, and very chaste.  It was the best damn kiss of my life.  “I love you too,” he whispered against my lips.
“I’m not useless, Dean,” Cas insisted, showing some steel at last.
“So let’s go to her house.  We can crash there, finish the hunt, then decide what we do long term,” Dean suggested.  “Give Cas a chance to get his – dammit, her – feet under her and maybe give us some real beds and a good shower for a change.”
Cas’s mention of compulsion made Sam uneasy.  He had enough problems with his brain without letting some weird Fairy get inside it.  “Any ideas on how we combat her powers?”
“Thank
It's investigation time.
“Just watch yourself, okay.  We want numb drunk, not puking or passing out.”  He poured out a double shot for Cas and was relieved when she drank slowly and deliberately.  “Plus, this is the good stuff.  You’re supposed to take your time and enjoy the taste.”
Jason Erickson, Wendell’s partner in petty theft, was working his part-time job at the university athletics center when Dean finally tracked him down.  While the kid stacked towels in the locker room, Dean took in Jason’s sloppy haircut, baggy threadbare jeans, off-brand sneakers and too-large baseball shirt with the faded logo of some local business.  He’d bet his own money that this kid mostly shopped at second hand stores, and not because it was retro or trendy.  He felt a twinge of sympathy.
“Oh, you mean Dean,” Castiel responded.  The bartender was misunderstanding the situation, something with which Castiel immediately sympathized.  “He’s male, and he is my friend, but if you’re using the romantic sense of the term, then no, he’s not my boyfriend.”
“You can bring your girlfriend, she’s a pretty little thing even if she’s cold as ice.”
“Last time . . . last time you died, when I didn’t think there was any chance of getting you back, I was in bad shape.  I gave up.  I didn’t want to live, not even for Sam.  That’s when I knew for sure . . . but when you came back . . . I was just too damn gutless to open my mouth and –“
“Wait, I thought humans couldn’t look at your true form?” Dean asked.  He remembered Pamela too.  What she’d accidentally done to Pamela was one of the reasons why Dean didn’t trust her at first.  He’d gotten past it.  She never had.
“Are vampires usually this fastidious?” Cas asked.  “I was under the impression that they preferred to bite victims.”
“Pleased to meet you, Cas.” Maisie extended a hand.  Castiel recognize the gesture now – she was looking for a handshake.  She grasped Maisie’s extended hand firmly but the bartender yelped and immediately pulled her hand back.
“Dean!” she said again, then threw her arms around him in a quick, awkward hug before stepping back and staring at him with a disturbing intensity.  “You got my messages!  ”
It made a weird sort of sense.  It was just the sort of shit God would throw at him, to make him have to choose between Cas and Sam.  He’d already lost so damn much.  No Lisa, no Ben, no normal life.  No Ellen to yell at him for not calling.  No Jo to be the bratty little sister he never wanted.  No more cranky Bobby to grouch at him and love him the way he’d always wanted his father to love him.
But this weird “thing” between Dean and Cas was starting to become actively uncomfortable. When Cas had only been around sometimes, usually in the middle of a major crisis, it had been easier to overlook the way the two of them could just stare at each other and ignore everything – and everyone – else in the room. Sam used to wonder if there was some kind of angel telepathy between them, but they were still doing it now that Cas was powerless. Plus, when it came to Cas, Dean was constantly pushing the limits of what could reasonably be called “big brother concern.” Sam certainly couldn’t remember Dean being quite so hands-on when teaching him how to drive or do chores.
“Oh,” the nurse replied, the way she said that one syllable saying everything Dean needed to hear.  Nurse Ratched here hadn’t expected anyone her patient talked about to be real, much less standing in front of her.  “Well, then, let me take you two back to Michelle’s room.  There’s a lot you two need to talk about.”
“I promised Sam I would fix him,” she said.  “And I will.  No matter what it takes.  No matter what kind of deal I have to make, no matter what it costs me.  I will find a way to help him, Dean.  I promise.”
“No, that I am not,” Dean responded, making a hands-up gesture of surrender.
He dropped three full plates on the table along with three bottles of beer and insisted that they eat before they talked about the case anymore.  Dean was on his second helping before he was able to get Cas to stop asking questions about the food and actually eat it, but at least she ate something like what a person should eat.  Even Sam went back for seconds.  Sitting there at a real kitchen table, in a house, not a crappy motel, eating home-cooked food, Dean felt the familiar pang of missing Lisa.  And Ben.  And Bobby.  But he had Sam and now they had Cas and there was a comfort in that, he thought.  Let Sam worry that things had come together all too conveniently.  Dean was going to ride this good feeling for as long as he could.
Sam’s jaw clenched tighter and tighter as he read over the records, noting the gaps and lack of follow up.  “This is some seriously incompetent police work,” Sam grumbled.  “Or someone’s trying to hide something.”
(See the end of the chapter for
At first, Castiel did nothing but watch the blood well up.  Dean said she had to remember to listen to the messages her body sent her about her physical condition, but pain was surprisingly difficult to assess.  On top of its essential unpleasantness, pain felt wrong and strange and vaguely embarrassing.  As a thin line of blood began to roll down her hand, Castiel glanced over her shoulder at Maisie, who was sprawled over the suite’s couch in a tangle of brightly-dressed limbs, taking up far more space than seemed natural for a slight young woman.  There was really nothing for it but to ask the only human in range.
According to the clock on the nightstand, it was 3:19 a.m.  Castiel had been in bed for hours without any hint of sleep.  She had tried meditating.  She had tried reading the book Sam had suggested to her, but it was far too interesting and did more to keep her awake than relax her.  No matter that the human body in which she now found herself needed sleep, it stubbornly, inexplicably, refused to sleep.  This was the second night in a row of no sleep at all, the third week of fighting to get even scraps of restful sleep.  She’d been managing the nightmares.  But this obdurate refusal by her body and brain to let her have what her body clearly needed was profoundly frustrating.  If her body didn’t relent soon and let her sleep, she’d have a ferocious headache by the time the sun came up.
I opened my eyes and he was right there, slid across the seat to close the space between us, gorgeous blue eyes focused on me as if nothing else existed in the world.  His thumb traced over my cheek and my belly was all butterflies again and it felt like hope.  “Cas?”  I hoped and I wanted so badly, I didn’t know what else to say.
“No, I didn't notice," Cas admitted.
“Anyway,” Sam continued, “Wendell and Jason hopped the fence around 2 a.m., jimmied the lock on the church’s front door, and made off with a prayer book plus two silver candlesticks from the altar.  In the graveyard, they were jumped by an enormous black dog that – according to Wendell, at least – had glowing blue fangs and eyes.  Wendell helped Jason get over the fence before he got too ripped up, but Wendell couldn’t get over by himself and got mauled badly.  Even with the cosmetic surgery he’s going to have scars for life.  It was only because the cops showed up that he’s alive at all.”
The night air was cold and the sky was cloudless.  Cas was sitting cross-legged on one of those big wood lounge chairs, head turned towards the sky, seemingly ignoring the temperature.  She looked peaceful and Dean was reluctant to interrupt her.
“And last and most importantly, you need to take care of your damn self.  You need to eat and sleep and do all the things that humans have to do,” Dean said.
“Well, that tracks with her story to me.”
Cas got the hang of the game pretty quick.  With practice, she might even be pretty good.  He knew he should be trying to talk to people, but it was hard not to get caught up in the rhythm of playing and the stupid happy feeling he got from watching Cas.  He liked the way she’d smile whenever she’d line up and land a shot, as if she was actually enjoying herself and not just going along with something he wanted to do.  No one else came for the table, so they played another game, then another.  If not for needing to keep half an eye on the Fairies who moved and mingled now among the growing crowds, he was having more fun than he’d had in months.
As she strutted away, Sam leaned in and whispered, “I’m not hallucinating this, right?  We’re in a bar full of Fairies?”
“Dean, you’re not –“ Cas began with a sigh.
“Bobby’s dead.  He’s been dead for months.”  Dean was impressed with himself that he could say it straight out without his voice breaking.
“Oh, wow, you’re like the X-Files?” Jason asked, stuffing the card in his jeans pocket.  “Cool.”
While Maisie rung up their bill, Dean leaned a little closer to Castiel and whispered under his breath, “All this Fairy crap is making my skin crawl.  I feel like I need a Silkwood shower.”
“Seems like the police were keeping it pretty hush-hush until the last few days or so. But now one of the families is raising a stink and insisting that it’s a serial killer and that the locals need to call in the FBI. They put up a website and everything. The way you drive, Belchamp’s about four and a half hours away. What do you think?” Sam asked.
Cas was sitting at the kitchen table, still wearing the trench coat like it was a security blanket, tapping in to last night’s leftover bourbon.  She had a glass poured for Dean before he sat down.  She’d seen Sam rubbing his forehead and pushing at the spot on his hand, and, no surprise, she’d figured out exactly what was going on.
“Yeah, way to state the obvious there, Cas.” Dean wondered if they could back out slowly without drawing attention. No such luck.  A waitress, light sparkling around her like she was right out of goddamn
When the song was over, I hit pause on the tape player. “You never told me you could sing, dude!  That was awesome!”  I caught his smile out of the corner of my eye and wished I could take my eyes off the road and take in the full brilliance of it.  I hoped he could see me smiling back.  “What other songs do you know?”
The coat was huge on her, but for the first time since he’d found her at the hospital, Cas looked completely comfortable in her brand new skin.  Dean helped her adjust the fall of the lapels over her blazer and nodded in satisfaction.  “There.  Sam’s waiting in the car.  Let’s go.”
“Of course I remember that night, Dean.  It was probably the most important night of my entire existence.  It was the starting point for all the best and worst things I’ve ever done.”  That earnestness was pure Cas as well.
He kind of loved that she said “we.”  He had no doubt that if he did have to throw down in a stupid bar fight tonight, Cas would have been right there backing him up, and for some reason that made him happy.   “
“You gotta promise, man. Don’t say ‘I’m fine’ when you’re really not.”
Dean decided to stop dancing around the issue.  He laid a hand on her shoulder.  “Welcome home, Cas.”
“Cas –“ he protested.
Confused, Dean stammered, “I’m sorry, I don’t --”
“Most do, but not all.  Some keep a victim alive for a while hooked up to an IV so that they can feed over days.  Never seen one do anything like this before, though,” Dean noted.
“No, not all.  It’s … well, it’s complicated.”
Cas laid her hand on his knee, probably just a gesture of concern, probably because his knee was the closest thing to her right now, but it still too much for his comfort level.  He gently moved her hand to the couch, then shifted away by a few inches.
“Some more of that amber beer, please?”
“Partners,” Cas said, the word heavy and weighty in his mouth. “Aren’t we that now?”
“Anyone new to the parish in the last few months?” Dean asked.
“You folks here for food or just drinks tonight?” she asked.  She was gorgeous.  Tall and willowy, black hair down to her ass, wide-set gray eyes and skin so pale white that Dean wondered if she’d ever seen the sun in her life.
“Well, both victims are claiming that the dog that attacked them had glowing blue eyes and fangs.  If someone was playing a deliberate prank, it would help to know why they chose Saint Brigitta’s for their game.”
A few minutes later, I was singing along with ‘Zep.  A few minutes after that I nearly swallowed my own tongue when I realized that Cas was singing along too, belting out the lyrics to
“Any idea how the hell we do that?” Sam asked.  He was a little spooked by the whole idea and Dean didn’t blame him a bit.  Dean was more than a little spooked himself at the prospect of a wide open door into Fairyland.  With Leviathans already running around, the last thing the world needed was another whole troop of grabby, supernatural assholes who looked on humans as toys or food.
He doesn’t notice at first when a light drops from the sky to the ground.  When he finally does notice, the soft golden light has already started forming into Jack’s shape, hand raised in his wonderful goofy greeting.  Dean is out of the car in an instant, throwing himself to hug the kid, but there’s nothing there but air.  He is afraid for a moment that it’s all a hallucination, that he’s finally cracked, but then Jack softly says, “Hello.”
“We both disobeyed and fell. We both did horrible things out of pride.  We both devastated Heaven --”
“The kid’s name is Wendell.  Wendell Dinehart.” Sam corrected.
Dean took the shot – it was completely fair – and weighed pressing his brother for more details. Watching Sam rub his fingers along his right temple, Dean decided against it. Sam’s whole body language said “headache” and poking at him more now would only get them into an argument, which wouldn’t help anything. He let Sam continue to work on the case until Cas came out of the bathroom. Then he cajoled Sam into the shower, knowing full well that hot water would relax his brother, making it easier to convince the idiot to unwind and get some sleep afterwards. Dean was more than willing to risk a lukewarm shower to help Sam get a full night’s rest.
“Look, maybe I’m just paranoid because the Leviathans took our faces.  Or maybe I’m afraid to take anything at face value while I’m still seeing visions of Hell and Lucifer.  Or maybe I’m suspicious of anything good happening to us right now,” Sam continued.  “Maybe, just, maybe don’t get your hopes up that this is as good as it looks, Dean.”
Cas nodded.  “Yes, of course.  When the Host fought the
“What’s the very first thing you ever said to me?”
Why Agent Peart?  Because I started writing this on the day Neil Peart died and I'm sentimental.
Castiel didn’t bother saying that she didn’t have the ability to smite a gnat right now.  Instead, she thought about what Dean would say, and tried out a smile and a flippant response.  “Not planning on it.  I like the beer here.”
“It’s just a dance.  Even if this is a creepy ass Fairy bar, I doubt she guts people in the middle of the dance floor,” Dean assured her.
“It’s warding against Fairies from a late 4
The expression on Jack’s face is so far beyond Dean’s ability to read that he doesn’t even try.  “Jack, please.  I need him.  I can’t do this without him.”
“Huh,” Sam grunted.
“Thank you?” Cas replied, clearly trying to figure out what the right response should be. As he dug through the take-out bag for the last fortune cookie, Dean shot her a grin to let her know he wasn’t insulting her, just teasing. She gave him a little half nod in return. Cas was getting better at dealing with banter. In a few more weeks, she might even have a sense of humor. He found two cookies at the bottom of the bag and tossed her one. Unlike his health nut brother, Cas didn’t say no to cookies.
Sam frowned at his laptop screen. “Nothing jumps out. Nesbitt and Stupak both worked IT jobs in the area, but not at the same companies. Ponca taught music at a middle school in Rockford. Boddicker was a mechanic who worked and lived in Elgin, almost 45 minutes away from here. Only Ponca was originally from Belchamp. The others don’t even seem to have much in the way of family around here. Nesbitt’s originally from New Jersey, Boddicker and his people are all in Chicago, and Stupak moved here from Cleveland last year with his girlfriend, who got a job teaching at Rock Valley College.”
Just knowin' that you were mine
“This is a spring night in Minnesota, Agent Peart,” Ada said with a laugh.  She was wearing a light wool jacket but barely seemed cold at all.
“Why dredging up the old spook stories, Ada?”  A short, portly middle-aged white man in a Catholic priest’s black suit and white collar stepped into Ada’s office.  “How do you do?  I’m Father John Pederson,” he said, extending a hand to Dean.  “I’m afraid I eavesdropped a little bit on your conversation.”
Cas shook her head.  “Ingesting the herbs inimical to Fairies, such as Saint John’s Wort, might convey some protection.  Ear plugs might work against her voice or song.  But this is speculation at best.  When the Host of Heaven fought the
Meanwhile, Cas had wandered outside to sit on the back patio.  Now was as good a time as any for Dean to stick her and Sam in a room together so she could apologize.
?”  He slapped a hand down on the kitchen table, but Cas didn’t even flinch.
“You’re a pretty understanding girlfriend, letting him dance with Fenella like that when she’s trying so hard to get into his pants.”  Castiel was surprised by an unfamiliar voice next to her ear.  She turned around to see a female bartender leaning across the bar and smiling at her.  The bartender was painfully young with short, curly, red hair, several gold rings in her right eyebrow and an ample sprinkling of freckles across her pale skin.  One of her eyes was blue and the other was green, a rare and fascinating mutation in the human genome, but not something associated with any monstrous creature that Castiel could recall.  Yet, the bartender did have the slightest gleam of power about her, a bare whisper compared to Fenella’s more intense Fairy aura.
“I’m gonna go check on her,” Dean said, finishing his drink.  “It’s a big brother thing.  Hard habit to break.”
“Awesome.  Put it in and turn it up.”
She raised dopey, half-lidded eyes to him and he wondered how little rest she’d actually gotten last night.  “I saw that you were having a nightmare. You seemed to sleep better when I was here, so I stayed,” she explained.  “I meant to go back to my room once you’d settled.  What time is it?”  She rubbed her eyes and tried to focus on the clock.
“Humans have souls, Dean,” she explained, regret and sadness forming a tight lump in her chest.  “Creatures with souls can be redeemed.  They can atone and be forgiven.  Angels don’t have souls.  We can’t be redeemed.  Like Lucifer.”
Her body informed her of its need to use the toilet and she sighed in frustration.  Perhaps getting out of the bed was for the best, though.  She could take a walk around the back yard then sit outside for a time and look at the stars, which always seemed to settle her.  If she were very lucky, Dean might still be awake.  She’d never wake him up for company, but if he were also awake and struggling to sleep, well, then he might appreciate companionship too.  If he were in a good enough mood, she might even convince him to show her one of the television shows or movies he loved.  Watching Dean react to a story was often better than watching the story itself.
“What do you mean, huh?”  Dean demanded.
She teetered on the edge of crying again, but inhaled deeply and steadied herself.  “We were both working as much overtime as possible to earn extra money for the wedding and the honeymoon.  We barely saw each other the last three months.”
“Do you speak Swedish?” Dean interrupted.  “Read it?”
“So get this, it says here she’s Michelle Swanson, age 29, admitted unconscious and unresponsive four and a half months ago after a car accident that killed her husband and their young son.  Soft tissue injuries and fairly serious head trauma.  Stayed in a coma, with minimal to no brain activity.  She had no other immediate family so the hospital had a lawyer appointed as her guardian.  Then all of a sudden, three weeks ago, she woke up with no memory, claiming she was an angel named Castiel.”
“No, I finished that one. Sam suggested that I read something called
She could tell at a glance that Dean wasn’t sleeping well at all.  He was fidgeting and talking in his sleep, not intelligibly, but clearly enough that Castiel could tell the dream wasn’t a good one.  She had seen him like this many times.  Before, it had just taken the slightest breath of grace to ease him.  Now?  Now he was in pain and she was useless.
Maisie flinched but tried to hide it.  “I thought you weren’t here to do any smiting,” she said with deliberate casualness.  She was avoiding looking at the picture on the screen.
Tonight is one of the bad nights.  Even the familiar embrace of his Baby isn’t comforting tonight.  He does what he does when everything else fails, when there’s nothing else he can do to stop his heart from shattering: he drives.   He doesn’t think about where he’s going until he realizes he’s retracing the drive he took with Jack when the kid was sick and failing and he wanted to give him a day of happiness.  It’s a drive with a lot of open road and no tree cover, no intrusive street lighting, and he can see all the stars spread out in the night sky ahead of him and behind him.  That makes Dean think of Cas again and he’s crying before he even realizes he’s doing it.  This has been coming on so long, there’s no point in fighting it anymore, so he pulls over and lets it happen.
No one seemed to be paying much attention to their conversation, but in an excess of caution Castiel leaned a little over the bar to be able to talk to Maisie more quietly. “How did you know?” Castiel asked.
“Suck it up, Cas, and take the compliment!” Dean yelled as he pulled his favorite Black Sabbath T-shirt over his head.  Knowing that this shirt was snug across his shoulders in a way that caught women’s eyes, he left his usual flannel shirt on the bed.  This Fairy chick liked to prey on good looking guys with brown hair who liked music?  Well, then, he’d advertise his love of music and stick himself out there as bait before his doofus brother decided to do the same thing.
“I’ve known a few.  Killed a few too.”  He was done with giving away more than he was getting from her.
Of course she had to ask, Dean reflected.  Cas was older than he could imagine but most of that life had been as an obedient weapon.  A hammer with wings.  When it came to feelings, she was an amateur.  Just his luck that his best friend would be worse at talking about this shit than he was.  He’d need to use words, which meant he’d need to find the words and make them the right ones.  “Yes,” he said at last.  “Yes, I think I can forgive you.  But there’s still things we need to do, you and me, to make everything okay.”
“I remember sending the souls back to Purgatory.  I remember telling you that I would atone for what I’d done . . . then lost control of my vessel, and there was only a horrible slimy blackness surrounding me, swallowing me, suffocating me.”  She paused, fishing for words.  The average person would have fidgeted or wrung her hands.  She was simply still.  “After the dark, the next thing I recall is waking up here, in this body, in this hospital, three weeks ago.  Because I didn’t know how to find you or Sam, I looked up Singer Salvage Yard and I left messages at Bobby’s voice mail explaining all of this.  You must have gotten my messages, or else why are you here?”
“Sure thing.  I’ll take another pint of that pale ale you have on tap,” he responded.
, we developed an immunity to their powers of compulsion, and it is possible that I may retain that immunity, even without any grace.  But I could not find anything that would guarantee humans protection against her power.  There might be something in the various branches of witchcraft or shamanry with which I am not familiar, but I would need several more days to conduct research.”
“You see it too?” Sam asked nervously, eyes darting around, assessing threats.
The freezer door was covered in fliers and magnets advertising bars.  Unlike the ones in the living room, these fliers were all for performances by John himself or by John with Shawn Nesbitt – they called themselves “The Desperate Romantics” – at clubs in Rockford or Elgin or DeKalb.  They’d even played in Chicago once, right before Shawn was killed.  Sam had the beginning of an idea.  Maybe the vamps or whatevers had zeroed in on these two particular guys at one of their performances.
For a change, Cas wasn’t looking at Dean.  She was looking at the table, her glass, the kitchen night light, the floor, everything except the only other person in the room.  “I’m sorry for everything Dean, so, so, sorry.  I thought I was doing the right thing,” she said.
, and how they might be combatted.  Castiel felt proud of what she’d done today.  It felt surprisingly soothing to be given an assignment and accomplish it.  It felt almost as if she were herself again, a good soldier who was good at her job.
He wanted to give her a smart ass response, to tell her to stop blowing smoke up his ass.  But Cas didn’t blow smoke.  No matter how wrong she was – and Dean could name a dozen reasons off the top of his head why she was wrong about him – she believed what she was saying.  “Cas, you shouldn’t --” he protested.
“Thank you.”
What the fucking hell had he been thinking?
Dean did a full honest-to-God spit take with his coffee. Sam was glad he hadn’t been drinking anything or else he probably would have done the same. He pushed the laptops out of the way as Dean frantically mopped up the mess with a dishtowel. “Holy crap, Cas, you’re rich!” Dean declared.
“Do you mind if we take that with us, along with a few other of John’s things?  We’ll bring them back after we write up our reports,” Sam assured.
“What now?”  Cas asked.
“You got a car?” Dean asked.  Maisie nodded.  “Good,” he said.  “I’ll grab a cab to the town offices and then meet up with Sam on his way back from Elgin.”
Much to Castiel’s surprise, Maisie did not immediately jump to more questions.  Instead, the young bartender sat quietly for several minutes.  “Hey, Cas,” Maisie said, suddenly soft-spoken and shy-seeming.  “Uh, I may talk a lot – like way too much most of the time – but I’m pretty good at listening too.  I am a bartender, after all.  Ya know, if you want to talk to somebody about all this human stuff.”  She gestured vaguely around the room and offered a dimmed smile.
“Ask what you need to ask,” Barbara assured.
She’d raided Michelle Swanson’s closet for black pants, a white dress shirt and a bright blue blazer.  Her long hair was back in a neat braid.  She looked professional and a little nerdy, which was perfect.
She looked him in the eye now, plainly, frankly, dropping the Fairy glamour for just a moment.  Dean thought she was still lovely without all that.  Her large gray eyes were wary and sad.  “That’s not a thing you should be asking.  I’d hate to see a beautiful lad like you end up bloodless under a cairn by the river.  Go home, hunter, and leave it be,” she answered.
“So don’t do what you do all the time,” Sam retorted.
The moment he had started feeling light and loose and having fun, the moment he had started noticing how good Cas looked, well, they should have beat feet right outta there.  But no, they’d stayed, and he’d dug himself deeper into the hole.  And then Cas just
Sam was deep in the archives of the local library and not coming up for air any time soon, so Dean’s next stop was the scene of the crime.  Saint Brigitta’s Church was on a side street off the main drag of Wabanquot, surrounded by a wrought-iron fence and a surprisingly large graveyard, with a nicely-tended garden that was just starting to bloom in the chilly Minnesota spring.  The iron fence around the property displayed a sign proudly proclaiming the church to be on some historic register.  The building’s cornerstone read 1841.
In the hallway, Sam paced while paging through a file of hospital records.  “Hospital administration was more than happy to turn over her file to her ‘cousin’ who happens to be an FBI agent,” he explained.  “I didn’t even have to tap dance around why I didn’t know the exact name she was admitted under.  Apparently they’ve never heard of patient confidentiality in Wabanquot.”
He gently disengaged her arms from around his waist and stepped back.  Cas swayed hard and grabbed the table behind her for support.  “You are way beyond just numb, pal,” Dean said.  “I told you to take it easy.”
In the cold November rain
“Oh, I think you were doing a little more than just trying, weren’t you?  Throwing a little glamour into the mix, maybe?” Dean asked, dropping the pretend flirtation and reverting to pure hunter.
“I didn’t say heal him,” he corrected. “I know you can’t fix him without your angel mojo.  You apologized to me.  You need to apologize to Sam too.  He deserves to hear you say you’re sorry and you need to say it to him, for your own sake.”
“Way back when they built this church, the very first priest wanted to keep the church and its people safe.  So he buried his dog at the base of the church stairs, then bound the spirit of the dog to protect the church and its people.  It doesn’t wake up for little minor things, but back at in the 1900s, we think it killed a man for trying to steal the church poor box.  And when those stupid frat boys tried to steal something important and valuable, well, it protected again.”
“I promise, if things get too bad, I’ll say something. But I want to work. I need to work. I can ignore the hallucinations better when I’m working,” Sam said, still dancing on the edge of annoyed.
Some more investigation.  Some of that promised Destiel content . . .
“What herbs?”  Sam inquired.
Cas put up a hand to stop him.  “No, you don’t need to apologize.  It was unexpected, so I wasn’t sure I was remembering correctly.  It was . . . nice.”
Time to walk away, get these thoughts out of his head.  “Cas, I’m going to go grab a beer, you want anything?”
Two hours later, Sam was satisfied that he’d covered the lore on church grims.  Just like Cas said, they were the spirits of dogs bound into service to protect churches.  As far as Sam could tell, no one had ever actually tried to kill one, but there was no reason why the usual salting and burning the bones
“Nope, but I’ll find you something else.  Only take it easy this time.  We’ve got an appointment in the morning.  You may be the only one who can figure out where they buried the dog,” he said.
“I suppose I could.  But I want to learn to fight, Dean.  I’ve been a warrior my entire existence.  It’s what I am.  I’m not entirely right without it.”
About five minutes in, Cas pulled a cassette tape out of the breast pocket of his trench coat.  It was the mixtape I’d made him, back the first time I’d thought about telling him.  “I brought this in case you wanted music.”
“Look, hospital food blows.  Don’t judge all food by that slop.  You’re human, you need to eat now,” Dean insisted.  He wanted to get some kind of reaction out of her, but she seemed to have retreated somewhere he couldn’t follow.  “You ever try a cheeseburger?”
They bickered for a few more minutes but, in the end, Dean agreed to let Sam go back and get some rest while he and Cas stayed to see what they could find out.  It went against all his most protective instincts, but he couldn’t find a reason not to let Sam go, other than stupid stubbornness.
Dean was sleeping on the couch, curled on his side so his legs fit.  They’d argued over that twice now.  In this new body, she was shorter and smaller and could sleep (or more likely not sleep) comfortably on the couch, while the king-sized bed in the master bedroom fit Dean’s larger frame.  But Dean had insisted that he’d slept in worse places and that she deserved the extra comfort of a proper bed while she was still adjusting to being human and needing sleep.  Rather than being helpful, Sam had simply shrugged in amused exasperation at his brother’s stubbornness.
“Figure out any options?” Dean asked his brother.
“Well, Dean should be able to detect her because he’s been to Faerie, but in case that doesn’t work, she should be sensitive to iron, silver, certain herbs, the wood and berries of the rowan or the mountain ash tree, and maybe church bells,” Cas answered.  “Although that last one is probably just folklore.”
“What?” I asked, surprised by Cas’s terse command.
Buying himself time to think, Dean asked, “OK, if you’re really Cas, tell me something only Cas would know.”
“Baby’s on lockdown,” Dean grumped.  “We’re sort of public enemy number one and two right now, and she’s too recognizable.  So I have to drive
Hwang look around, then reached into his breast pocket, pulled out a card, and slipped it to Dean.  “If you get stonewalled, I mean really stuck, that’s my number.  I’ll take your call and do what I can.”
As he started to stand up, Cas stopped him with a question.  “Dean, what happens after you and Sam finish with this case?”
been Fairies in Belchamp.  According to my grandpa, back in, like, the 1800s, five families came here from Scotland – the Ramseys, the MacPhersons, the MacNivens, the Drummonds and the Buchanans.  They used Fairy gold to buy the land to build Belchamp in return for a promise that Fairies would always be welcome here.  They kept that promise and made sure all their children and children’s children kept it too.  So there are Fairies, like, everywhere.  If someplace in town is safe for Fairies, it’s marked with a special sign, some sorta Fairy sign.  You look around.  You’ll see it, like, all over.”
Sam didn’t want to give the poor woman false hope, particularly if this wasn’t a monster case and the actual FBI eventually took an interest.  “We’re just here to do a preliminary assessment of the case, ma’am, to see whether there’s enough here to warrant the Bureau taking action,” he said.  As her face fell, Sam realized he needed to say something else to keep her from shutting the door on them.  “Can we come in?  I’m sure it would be more comfortable for you to talk inside.”
“Get outta your monkey suits, you two.  This Green Lady place serves food.  We can get dinner there while we check for Fairies.”
“Bullshit. I call bullshit!” Dean interrupted.  “I had to listen to Lucifer monologue at me and you are
Jason gave a little shiver.  “It was frickin’ huge, man. It looked like my grandad’s Rottweiler on ‘roids.  Its eyes were crazy bright blue, like a frickin’ propane torch, and it had that same blue light around its mouth and teeth.”  He shook his head at the mental image.  “Sounds crazy, right?  But I wasn’t drunk or high, I swear.”
Dean didn’t need her to say the words out loud to know what came next.  They’d both done far worse things than that.  So had Sam.
“Yeah, they know I’m coming in around now, so they always make one fresh for me.”  Hwang drank his coffee slowly, keeping half and eye on Dean.  “Donuts are pretty good too,” he added after a moment.  He flagged down the owner again.  “Hey, Linda, give the Agent here the last powdered sugar on me.  I’ll be paying for his coffee too.  Assuming that’s okay with the Bureau?”
Sam shook his head.  “I dunno, Dean, I think you and Cas have something –“
Maisie startled, frank curiosity seeming to win over fear. “Isn’t that the same thing?”
because they’d argued about Dean’s hope more than once before and Sam wasn’t willing to indulge in even that much.
She cut him off sharply.  “I don’t have any more ‘old angel buddies.’  I killed most of them.  If you really want to talk to Heaven about helping Sam, I’m of no use to you.  No one in Heaven answers when I call, remember?”
movie.”  Maisie wiped a tear away with the back of the hand that wasn’t fidgeting with her shirt.  “Tim and Rosie shoulda known, naming a place in Belchamp ‘The Green Lady.’  They shoulda known – maybe they did know – that one of
“Yeah, well, that was when you were an angel.  And a dude.  You haven’t been renting this meat suit for all that long and you don’t know how it will react.”  Dean used his best “I’m the big brother and I know better” voice, even though it only worked on Sam about half the time these days.  Cas grumbled at him but didn’t argue.  So point Dean.  “Just promise you’ll call if you need anything at all,” he insisted.
again, I turned off the music.  It was raining harder now, but not so hard that I couldn’t talk and drive.  “So, uh, Cas, man, Jack told me everything.  He told me about your deal with the Empty. ”
Maisie noticed the blood before Castiel had chance to formulate the question.  “Oh shit, you’re bleeding!” the young bartender exclaimed as she sprang off the couch.  “Is it bad?”
Hearing those words from Cas hit Dean like a punch to the gut.  This wasn’t going at all the way he had expected.  He’d expected Cas to defend herself, to fight back, not to roll over and take the full force of his anger.  Dean’s need to vent his own feelings warred with his fundamental instinct to protect and care for his people.  And despite everything, Cas was his people.
.  A Fairy lover who can give you a thousand delights.”
After a truly excellent shower and a return to his comfortable uniform of T-shirt, flannel shirt, jeans and boots, Dean went looking for Cas.  On the way, he found the kid’s room with a small bed and a guest room/office combo with a decently sized double.  That meant at least two real beds in the house, which was a welcome change from how he and Sam had been sleeping lately.  Cas was in the master bedroom, sitting on the edge of the bed, staring out the window at trees that showed the first buds of spring.  Somewhere she’d found a T-shirt and sweat pants that actually fit her, although her body had clearly lost weight since it had last worn those clothes.  Cas didn’t acknowledge his presence at all.
“Ma’am, I am an FBI agent, not a member of the public,” Dean responded, flashing his badge again.  “I am fully aware of the Homeland Security directive and it doesn’t apply to requests from other federal agencies.”
“Fallen angel,” Castiel responded, then instantly regretted it.  Dean had been quite insistent that she shouldn’t tell the truth to random people.  But this young woman had already seen something and it would be worse to let her assume things.
“Yes.  It’s me.  You were having a nightmare.  Go back to sleep.  I’ll keep watch.”
Dean didn’t even react to the reference any more.  “Yeah, something like that.”
Dean was so incredibly done with his brother’s hints and winks about him and Cas.  “You need to stop that shit right now,” he said, the growl in his voice making clear that this was not an idle or teasing threat.
“You make any progress on your call this morning, Cas?” Sam asked.
There was always a but.
Well, Dean thought, if Maisie already knew for a fact that Fairies were real, she could probably deal with the idea of monster hunters.  “Okay, no, we’re not really FBI.  My name’s Dean.  You’ve already met Cas.  We’re what’s called hunters.  We deal with all the things that go bump in the night and hurt people.  Vampires.  Werewolves.  Ghosts.  You name it, I’ve ganked it.  We’re in town because of the murders.  We know there’s a Fairy involved.”
Dean pulled his phone out of his jacket and dialed the number for the spare he’d left with Cas.  She answered it after only a few rings, sounding sleepy.
“Our best, most reliable weapon is cold iron, either in the form of bullets or blades.  If we knew her true name, we could dismiss her, but I doubt the name she uses is her true one.”
Maisie grabbed Castiel’s wounded hand and pulled her into the bathroom.  She turned on the cold tap and pushed Castiel’s hand under the water.  The cold immediately eased the sting.  “Ah dammit, there I was talking your ear off while, like, you’re trying to do the . . . whatever.  I’m sorry, really sorry.  I -- I didn’t think.  My mouth just, like, runs away with me when I’m, like, nervous,” Maisie babbled.
“I don’t care.  I’m not hungry,” Cas responded listlessly.  She didn’t even bother to turn around to look at him, but kept staring out the window.
“Haunted by?”
Sam picked up the thread.  “John tagged a lot of references to something called a green woman that appears in the lore from Scotland.”  He grabbed the book and began reading.  “A green lady or
“No!”  He smacked his palm on the hood of the car for emphasis, then stood, stepping right up to her – something far more imposing now than it had been when they were nearly the same height.  His eyes were a bright, ferocious blaze.  “Human or angel, soul or not, I do not give a crap.  You do not get the luxury of giving up!  That’s not what we do!  You keep on trying!  Do you understand that, Cas?!”
“Not a word of it,” Father Pederson responded.  “We’ve been talking for years about hiring someone to translate the old records so that people can use them for genealogical research, but we just can’t seem to find the money.”  Ada made a sour face in agreement.
“Yes, I’ve got this,” she assured him.  Dean squeezed Cas’s arm and let her go.
Cas made one of those “I don’t understand humans but whatever you say, Dean” faces.  He was pleasantly surprised at how much of Cas’s essential personality was still visible in a completely different face.
grade.
“You’re talking to it – can you re-program it?  Make it non-lethal?” Sam asked.
“Wendell and his buddy Jason Erickson are pledges at a fraternity at the local U. Minnesota campus.  Their ‘pledge challenge’ was to steal a prayer book from Saint Brigitta’s Church to prove they’d been inside at night.  It’s the oldest church in the county and has the reputation of being haunted,” Sam explained.
Cas pulled out one of the flyers for the Green Lady and showed Maisie the symbol she couldn’t translate.  Maisie nodded.  “Yeah, that’s it.  The Green Lady welcomes Fairies – you saw that last night – and it’s owned by Timothy Drummond and Rosemary Ramsey.”
“Adequate, which is a vast improvement over this morning,” she answered.
“I didn’t mean to wake you,” Cas responded.  “I was looking for the pills the hospital gave me.  I - I have trouble sleeping.  And when I do sleep, I have nightmares.  I’ve tried avoiding sleeping, but . . . human.”  She made a vague motion of frustration and resignation.
Dean knows that Cas deserves poetry.  He deserves a song.  But Cas made the mistake of falling in love with a guy who can’t do any of that, so Dean keeps it simple.  “I love you, Cas,” he says, loud and clear and looking his angel in the eyes.  Then, so that there’s no mistaking his meaning, he kisses Cas with all the passion and desire that he’s been holding back for years.  With no hesitation at all, Cas is kissing him back and it’s perfect.
That bothered him even more.  “Did John ever talk to you about a pub named the Green Lady?” Sam followed up.  He slid one of the fliers across the coffee table.
With his usual perfect timing, Sam chose that moment to stroll into the kitchen. “Hey guys, I think I finally found us a case!”
The prim-faced white woman who sat behind the desk at the Belchamp town records office was more than willing to let the friendly FBI man with the nice smile look over anything he asked for.  By the time Sam called, Dean was sure he had looked at every single building plan, street map and spec map on file with the town of Belchamp for every building between the Green Lady pub and the river.  Unfortunately, he’d found nothing that shouted out “hiding place for killer Fairy.”  If the town records were also part of the great big Fairy conspiracy that was this stupid town, he had no idea where to go next.
So what if he kissed Cas and she’d kissed him back and they did end up screwing each other’s brains out in the back of the car?  What would they have done
“I’d say it’s good to be back, but so far that’s not been the case,” Cas responded.  “It’s been confusing.  And uncomfortable.  Previously having a female vessel was not adequate preparation for the things human females have to go through once a month –“
The dog was huge and black.  Jason Erickson had called it a Rottweiler on steroids.  He wasn’t wrong.  It reminded Dean uncomfortably of a hellhound, only its eyes were electric blue instead of fiery red.  It didn’t growl or fuss.  It simply stood there, looking at each of them in turn, waiting.
“Not to me,” she responded quietly.  “I don’t understand you, Dean.  How can you have such faith in me after what I’ve done?”
“I don’t need to be protected,” Dean growled.  He grabbed the bottle of Scotch, topped off their glasses, then spiked the bottle into the Recycling bin with a vengeance.
.  Regardless of what meat suit Cas was wearing, there were hundreds of good reasons to keep it in his pants.  An angel, even a fallen one, deserved better than a broken mess like him.  Okay, there had been Anna, but that had been a foxhole “last night on earth” thing that he hadn’t expected to last.  If he actually started something with Cas it would be . . . well . . . not that.  And right there was another good reason to keep Cas safely at arms’ length – he couldn’t afford to have anyone else besides Sam inside his defenses, couldn’t allow himself to get too close to someone else who could be used against him.  So even though she smelled nice and even though his fingers had been stroking her hair for the last few minutes without consulting his brain first about whether that was okay, it was time to get back on the “personal space” train.  He had managed to keep his hands to himself just fine for more than two years now, even though original Cas had been way hotter (not that Dean would admit this anywhere except in his own head because Dad had made it very very clear that no son of his wanted to have sex with men and that was that).  He’d just keep on doing that.
In the face of Dean’s unshakable faith, all her worries and fears seemed very small things.  “For you, Dean.  I’ll keep trying for you,” she promised.  Something shifted in Dean’s eyes then, his look going soft in a way it never seemed to do for anyone else.  It made her feel things, that look, things that she didn’t understand and couldn’t put a name to.  She wanted to ask Dean, but she was reluctant to break this moment, afraid he would notice how close they were and pull away.  She hated it when he pulled away.
Before they left, Dean went to check on Cas.  She was awake, sitting in a pile of blankets and pillows, alternating between drinking from the water bottle Dean had left for her and holding its cool surface against her head.  “Morning, sunshine,” Dean said, tossing her a banana.  She didn’t try to catch it, but Dean’s aim was good enough that it landed in her lap anyway.  “How’s the head?”
“Dean.  I meant to tell you eventually.  I didn’t want to add to your burdens and then there was never a right time,” Cas answered.  Even with just my peripheral vision I could tell he was tensing up for an argument.  All of that good feeling we’d just had was gone.  I hated that I made him do that.
“I said pull the damn car over.”
“Maisie.”
“Deal.”  Sam had been nagging him about his drinking since Bobby died.  If cutting back was what it took to make Sam
“Well, it helps to be able to read the original languages,” she answered.  “I’m still downloading some better images of a couple of Pictish carved stones from an excavation in Scotland, but I’ve got enough here to confirm that yes, a
Even though he was getting a little antsy, Dean had to admit that the down time was doing them all some good.  For one thing, camped out safely in the suburbs, Sam was able to use sleeping pills to dodge his Hell flashbacks without worrying that he was leaving Dean without someone to watch his back.  The more rest Sam got, the better he seemed to be handling his visions of the Cage.  They were also making good use of the downtime to teach Cas normal people stuff, like how to drive a car, how to do laundry, how to use a computer, as well as a handling few hunter things like teaching her how to shoot and basic firearms safety, and getting her an anti-possession tattoo.  He was immensely thankful that her first driving lessons had been in a piece of crap car instead of his Baby because he didn’t think he could have handled it otherwise.  It had been almost as bad as teaching Sam – his brother only ten, just barely tall enough to reach the pedals, him a cocky fourteen, sitting in the passenger seat trying to hide his white knuckles as Sam drove around an empty parking lot in an ancient stolen junker with no seat belts.
“What if that’s the only reason I’m alive again?  To atone and fix all the things that I broke?” Cas asked.  “My life seems a fair trade.”
Dean and Sam scoured the church property for EMF, but the presence of so many graves nearby threw off all the readings.  The headstones were no help.  Most of them had only had names and dates, and any older inscriptions were all in Swedish, which meant they’d need Cas to read them.  “Would it have killed them to do a memorial plaque or something?”  Dean said in frustration.  “Or even a Beware of Dog sign?”
“Don’t tell them,” Sam pleaded.  He was holding on.  He would hold on.  He would do his damn job.
“Yeah, man, ‘cause I’m a dumbass,” Jason muttered.  He stopped doing any pretense of work and sat down on the locker room bench with a half a sob.  “That damn dog came straight for me, ignored Wendell completely.  I pissed myself and dropped everything.  But Wendell, man, he was a frickin’ hero.  He picked up one of the candlesticks and smacked the thing to get it offa me.  Then he boosted me over the fence because my hands were shaking too bad to hold myself up.  I just ran. . . . I didn’t even realize he wasn’t right behind me until I was almost back on campus.”
Cas nodded then conferred quickly with Sam.  Sam leaned over and erased part of the chalk sigil.  Cas began to chant in Latin again.  Dean recognized parts of it, which sounded almost like an exorcism but not quite, while other bits sounded like a funeral rite.
I know all the back roads around the bunker like the back of my hand.  I know which roads have easy curves and very little traffic, where a guy could just drive and get out of his own head for a while, and not have to worry about dodging around beat up pickup trucks or lost antiquers in their trendy hybrid wind-up toys.  We weren’t going anywhere in particular.
“Cas . . . “  I choked on his name, wishing I knew how to say this right, wishing I knew how to tell him that I wanted him to be happy, that I wanted to be the one who made him happy.  I almost left it where we were.  Partners.  Working together.  Best friends.  We could do that.  That would be safe.
“You truly believe that?  That what I am doesn’t matter?”
“The lawyer for Michelle Swanson called here today while you were out.  He asked about how I wanted to handle the life insurance money and money from a lawsuit, but I had no idea what to say.  I asked him to call back again tomorrow,” she explained.  “I don’t know anything about how humans handle money.  What do I do?”
Sam offered up his most sympathetic expression as he and Dean flashed their badges. “Mrs. Ponca?  I’m Agent Gillan, this is my partner Agent Blackmore and our expert consultant, Professor Glover.  We’d like to ask you a few questions about your son John’s death.”
That seemed to have the desired effect.  Maisie laughed and the fear retreated from her eyes a little.  “Then I’ll keep bringing you drinks so you stay happy,” the bartender replied.
“Before everything went wrong, I was a good angel,” Cas continued.  “I didn’t lead a strike force into Hell because I was expendable.  I was chosen because I was very good at my job.  I knew what I was supposed to do and I did it in the most effective way possible and I was content.  But now?  Now I can’t seem to get anything right.  I can’t help you and I can’t fix Sam and I can’t even sleep properly.  There are all of these rules and unspoken things I’m supposed to know, but I don’t, so I keep making mistakes like I did this morning.  It’s frustrating and exhausting and I hate it.”
PS: You start calling me “Dad” now and I swear I will kick your ass.
“Anyone pick up the phone?”  Dean asked, trying to be casual but pretty sure he already knew the answer.
“Yeah, yeah, black bean burger and leaves,” Dean assured him, settling comfortably into their familiar rhythms.  He browsed through the cabinets and refrigerator to see what they had to work with for supplies.  He found the coffee maker – thank God – and the coffee, plus some stinky herbal tea and a nicely stocked liquor cabinet, but very little in the way of edible food.  There was some canned soup, a couple boxes of pasta and rice, a moldy loaf of bread, expired milk, and some leftovers in the ‘fridge that were busy mutating into something that would probably need silver or iron to kill.  No surprise.  No one had actually lived here since the Swanson family had their accident.  “I’m going to pick up some other stuff too.  The cupboard’s pretty bare here and this might take a few days.”
Cas tried to explain the differences between human souls and animal souls.  Dean entertained himself by asking increasingly ridiculous questions and listening to her try to answer them, until she eventually caught on to the game.  She chuckled just a little, which made him wonder what it would sound like if she really laughed.  There and then he decided it was his mission to find out.
Cas sighed heavily.  “Why do you always ask me if I’m ready before we do things no one could possibly be ready for?”
“Clover, Saint John’s wort, and red verbena.”
“Be happy together.  Live a good life.”  Jack raises his hand again in a farewell salute and they watch him go.
“Uh, yeah, uh, Dean and I need to go do paperwork if we’re going to get you out of here, and we should do that right now,” Sam said, already halfway out the door.
“The banana,” she answered.  “I’ve been sleeping.  This bed is much more comfortable than the one in the hospital and so far I have avoided any nightmares.”
“So why are men turning up dead?  Men who visit this bar,” Dean asked.
Another laugh, another slight relaxation of the tension in Maisie’s body language.  Castiel was getting better at noticing these things.  The movies and television she watched with  Dean helped her understand all the ways humans communicated without words.  “Hell yeah,” Maisie said.  “Why do you think I work here?  I’ve got a Fairy grandparent.  Weird shit has been happening to me and around me my whole life.  Nobody here cares.”  She noted Castiel’s empty glass.  “Another beer?”
After the pie, the three of them sat for a while enjoying the beer and rambling conversation, still keeping half an eye on the growing crowd of people (and even more Fairies) populating the pub.  Whenever no one else was within earshot, they started throwing around ideas about how to pick out one particular Fairy from so many, but kept coming up empty.  So they waited and watched, paying attention to which Fairy women paid the most attention to humans.  Problem was, other than Fenella and one or two of the men, most of the Fairies kept to themselves, clumping together around the bar in small groups of their own kind.  Dean was just about to suggest that they move to the pool table and try to stir up some attention when he noticed that Sam had a deep frown line etched between his eyebrows and was pressing his thumb into the scar on his hand.  He knew what that meant.  “All right, let’s bail.  We’ll try again tomorrow night,” Dean said.
While he was waiting for Sam and Cas to finish eating, Dean filled the time with the information he’d gotten from Jason and the trip to the church.  At the end of his recap, Cas was frowning in thought.
“Dean, I want to, believe me, I want you more than words can express, but we have to be careful – the Empty –“
On the drive, Dean and Sam did their best to recap the last several months, the Leviathans, and how they ended up as wanted murderers with their faces on CNN.  Cas asked a few questions but grew more and more still and silent as they talked.  Dean managed to spit out the story of Bobby’s death by getting angry because anger was the only thing that kept the grief at bay.  Well, anger and booze.  When they finally finished, with Sam explaining why they’d been in Wabanquot in the first place, the silence from the back seat had heft and weight.
“Yes sir!” The most sober one of the group pulled the drunken asshole to his feet and the whole group made fast tracks for the door.  The small knot of people that had gathered around the pool table broke into applause.  Dean grabbed the beers off the side table and handed Cas her glass.  “I’m sick of pool, let’s go sit at the bar,” he said.  The crowd parted around him as he stalked away, Cas trailing in his wake.
“Yeah, but we should really talk to the cops first.  I don’t like that they seem to have ignored the link between Ponca and Nesbitt,” Sam countered.  Dean nodded in agreement.
The last thing they needed was someone telling the same people covering up the green lady’s murders exactly where they were searching for her.  Gritting his teeth against the urge to give the clerk a piece of his mind, Dean thanked her and told her not to worry, he’d let his boss deal with it.
“Hey, hey, Maisie, you’re doing great.  We just need a little more,” Dean assured.  The girl nodded, giving him permission to go on.  “Okay, do you know where we can find this green lady?  Where she holes up?”
By their standards, it was a clean kill.  No organs had been ripped out, no bites, no claw marks, nothing eaten or torn away.  Just four precise, almost surgical, slices of the carotid and femoral arteries done with something very sharp, and all of the blood drained.  By the state of the body, the cuts had been made while the man was still alive.  Cas grimaced a little at the smell – something she’d never done before – but set her jaw and leaned right in with Dean and Sam to examine the corpse’s neck and thighs.
“Hurts,” Cas grumbled.
“You certainly made an impression,” Cas responded.  Silence again, awkward and restless.  This time it was Cas who broke it.  “I’m sorry, Dean.  I didn’t know how to handle that and that we nearly got into a fight because I didn’t know what to do.”
“Cas is a friend, one of the very very few friends we’ve got left, in case you haven’t noticed.  I am
Cas nodded.  “I will do my best.”
“Matt?  He was never interested in dancing, only his silly game.”
“So this kirk-a-gram --” Dean began.
Dean pried Cas out of the bedroom by sheer stubbornness.  He triumphantly presented her with a bacon cheeseburger, fries and some boot-legged Canadian Coca-Cola made with actual sugar in an honest-to-God glass bottle.  She made the effort to thank him, but her heart clearly wasn’t in it.  She drank the Coke, nibbled some fries and ate only half the burger before making quiet excuses and retreating back to the master bedroom.  Dean considered going after her but decided that Sam and the hunt took priority.  For now.
“Not much of one at the moment,” Castiel replied with a frown at her injured thumb.  She pulled it out from under the water and stared in consternation as it began to bleed again.  Maisie pushed her hand back under the flowing tap and began scouring the bathroom.  When she didn’t seem to find whatever she was looking, she grabbed two washcloths.
“John and Shawn Nesbitt were friends.  They played guitar together sometimes.  Shawn was a talented classical guitarist.  He played – he played for our oldest son’s wedding.  John was absolutely broken up when Shawn was found dead.  He was sure something wasn’t right about what happened.  I told him – I told John to leave it alone and let the police handle it.  But you know how that went.”  She interlaced her hands as she talked, clenching them together until her fingers were white, but kept her face as still as a frozen pond.  “The police haven’t done anything and now John is dead too, the same way as Shawn, and they still won’t admit they can’t handle it.  Shawn’s parents are older, they live in an assisted living facility in New Jersey, and they don’t want to make a fuss.  But I am going to fuss, no matter what anyone says.”
“I don’t know,” Sam responded.
He was right, of course.  We shouldn’t play happiness roulette, not ‘til we had a plan for dealing with a pissed off cosmic entity.  “Yeah, I know, I know,” I assured him, leaning my forehead against his, wondering how I’d never noticed that he smells like a thunderstorm.  “We’ll be careful. The goddamn Empty can’t have you.”
The front door was ajar, so Dean walked right into the main room of the church.  The large, dim space was lit only by candles and the light filtering through stained glass windows.  It smelled lightly of beeswax and silver polish.  At the end of one of the aisles, a brown-skinned woman in a dark blue sweater and jeans was dusting a statue and its surrounding candles.  She noticed Dean right away.
Looking back on it later, Dean didn’t even remember moving.  The next thing he knew, he had the drunken asshole’s face smashed flat against the pool table with one hand while the other hand pressed the arm that had slapped Cas up behind the guy’s back in a wickedly simple hold that would let him dislocate the shoulder with only a little more pressure in the right places.  “You were rude to the lady.  You need to apologize,” Dean growled.
The three of them meet in the church record room.  Cas had taken notes in neat, compact, but completely undecipherable handwriting.  A second look confirmed for Dean she’d taken notes in Enochian.  He’d have to remind her that they needed these things in English for him and Sam.
Sam grumbled, “Yeah, I’ll make sure I skip breakfast.”
“I should have been more careful.  I keep forgetting how fragile human bodies are.  I appreciate your assistance.”  She really was appreciative, but the humiliation of making a foolish mistake in front of the person she was supposed to be protecting stung even sharper than the wound.
“We’re, uh, in town together for, uh, work.”  It was amazing how quickly talking with humans could veer into unexpected places.  “That reminds me.”  She extracted her phone from her back pocket and pulled up an image of John Ponca with his guitar, one of the photos from the family website.  “Did you ever have occasion to speak with this man when he performed music here?”
“But you didn’t just steal a prayer book, did you Jason?”  Dean pressed.  It took so little effort to put the fear of God into this kid.
is a spirit that can be either benevolent or malign depending on its mood.  She may appear as a beautiful woman or as a half-woman half-goat similar to a faun or satyr, with the goat legs concealed by a flowing green dress.  She is often associated with music, and is sometimes said to lure men to their deaths using song or dance.”
“Whoa there, cowgirl!” Dean exclaimed.  “You’re not an angel any more.  Take it easy.”
The mural of Michael had sparked a memory.  When the angels were trying to convince him to say “yes” to Michael, Zachariah sent him to a future where Sam was possessed by Lucifer and everything had gone to hell in a handbasket.  On that crazy trip, he’d not only met his own Class A douchebag future self, he’d also met a future version of Cas.  That Cas was seriously messed up, drowning himself in drugs and sex because he wasn’t an angel anymore.  One conversation with that Cas came back to him loud and clear:
Ada chuckled lightly.  “And here I thought for a moment I was talking to Agent Mulder.”
“Satisfied?” Probably-Cas asked, sounding hopeful.
-- A. Rose
She studied her folded hands, clenching them even more tightly, then looked up at Sam and Dean.  “Agents, can you do anything to encourage the County to release John’s body so we can have the funeral?  People keep asking and we – and – and we all need to have the funeral.  We can’t move on without the funeral.”
didn’t do anything wrong.   He was a drunken asshole who deserved what he got.  And besides, me in a fight against half a dozen or so drunk college boys?  I’d barely break a sweat.”
Dean nodded and took the card.  Hwang finished his coffee in one gulp and left without another word.
“I bet you really know how to dance.  The best dance, the oldest dance,” Fenella purred, turning the flirtation, and the itchy feeling where her hands touched him, up to eleven.
“Hey, time to wake up, buddy,” he said, doing his best to sit up slowly without dumping Cas’s head too hard onto the couch cushions.
From behind his laptop, Sam brought the snark.  “If for no other reason than you’ll understand at least 50% more of what Dean says.”
Maisie poked and prodded at the wound, which stung a little, but mostly felt profoundly uncomfortable because it reminded Castiel of being in the hospital.  “It’s really messy, but it doesn’t look too deep,” Maisie sighed in relief.  “Let’s wrap it and put pressure on it and see if that stops the blood.  Do you have a first aid kit somewhere?”
Cas sat down across from him at the kitchenette table and started opening her laptop, but he reached over and pushed it closed. “You’re as bad as Sam. You don’t have to be working all the time. Go read your book. What was it,
He was going to kiss her, would have kissed her, if not for that barking dog bringing him to his senses in time.
She swallowed hard and emptied her glass.  “Rafael would have been a disaster for everyone, angel and human.  He intended to restart the Apocalypse.  He had plans to pull Lucifer and Michael out of the Cage and start it all over again.  And that – that would have dragged you and Sam back in.  Your half-brother Adam could contain Michael adequately, but Michael was certain to want his true sword to be sure of defeating Lucifer, especially after he’d been thwarted once.  Rafael’s angels would have come for you all over again and not cared who stood in the way.  Lucifer would have come for Sam again.  All of it.  Everything all over again.  I couldn’t let that happen.  Not to Sam.  Not to – not to you.  Not if I could find a way to stop it.”
She shook her head, not in negation but to clear it.  “Yes, please, come in.  I didn’t mean to be rude.  I’m Barbara Ponca, John’s mother.  My husband Alonso is at work.”
“Whatever, Martha Stewart,” Dean shrugged.  “Let’s get summoning, it’s cold out here.”  He blew on the hand that wasn’t holding the shotgun, but it didn’t help him feel his fingers.
He thought he caught a hurt look flash across her face, but it was gone quickly enough that he might have imagined it.  “I’m going to try to get another hour or so of sleep before I have to talk to the lawyer about the house and the money,” she said.  “I know you and Sam can’t be happy sitting around waiting for this all to be resolved.”  She picked herself up off the floor and retreated to the master bedroom without another word, leaving Dean feeling a little bit like an ass even though he knew he was doing the right thing.
“This is all my fault,” Cas said.  Broken, Dean thought, she sounded broken.  He glanced quickly at Sam, who clearly had no idea what to say either.
like that asshole.  Lucifer is completely sure he is right.  He doesn’t care about redemption or being forgiven or fixing things.  He wouldn’t give a crap about what two human hunters think of him and he sure as shit wouldn’t stay up to all hours of the morning trying to find a way to fix Sam’s head.  You do.”
“Because, when push came to shove, you were willing to get blown up by an archangel – twice – to back my Hail Mary plays.  Because I’ve lost too many friends to give on the ones I’ve got left.”
Castiel nodded.  Maisie handed her a glass of ginger ale over ice then smiled at Dean, who had taken up his seat again.  Fenella had veered off, seeking other partners. “Another beer?” Maisie asked.
“Look, no harm no foul this time, but you can’t do stuff like this, Cas.  Watching me sleep?  Falling asleep on me?  It’s weird and a little creepy,” Dean objected.
She heard him, she understood him, but it seemed too facile, too simple by far.  Shouldn’t she hurt more for all the evil she’d done?  “Dean, if I don’t have a soul, what’s the point of it all?  If I don’t have a soul, I can’t possibly –“
“Yeah, you’re an angel. Well, a fallen angel, I guess.  What’s the big deal?”
The DJ was playing
Once the memories started coursing through her brain, the feelings that followed them burned like fire and acid.  Regret.  Remorse.  Guilt.  Angels didn’t feel those things, or at least didn’t feel them the way humans did.  As an angel, her feelings had been muted and distant unless they were useful feelings like righteous fury.  “Useful” being “useful to Heaven’s agenda,” of course.  Feelings such as compassion or empathy were experienced only at a careful distance and anything like regret or guilt barely even that.  She was sure now that she had been sent back (again) as a human, with a perfect memory and all of these complicated, intense, harrowing human feelings, as her punishment.
Now Dean just needed to make sure that Cas was on board with his crazy Three Amigos plan.  “How drunk is she?” Dean asked.
The photos showed the Poncas with their children at various ages.  John seemed to be the youngest of four, a happy kid with some kind of musical instrument constantly in his hands.  Sam felt the all-too-familiar pang that came from looking at a normal family doing normal things.  Mom, Dad, kids playing with their dog, graduating college, the oldest son at his wedding with sister and brothers at his side.  He wondered for just a moment what it would be like to have any of this and hated himself a little for still asking that question after all these years.
“Cas fucked up.  Big time.  Epically.  But, ya know, so have we.  Between you and me, we started the fucking Apocalypse.  And yet here we are,” Dean explained.  “Sitting there last night, listening to her rip into herself even more than I wanted to, I decided that we don’t have so many friends left that I should give up on Cas.  So, yeah, I’m working on forgiveness and we’re gonna work on being friends again.”
“I think I am the one who should be apologizing to you,” she said, catching his eye as she wrapped both hands around the now steaming mug.  “I misunderstood human social customs yet again.”
“It’s in the car, with Sam.”
Her words reminded Dean painfully of his own nightmares after Hell.  It had taken nearly a year before they had stopped coming every single night, sometimes more than once a night.  Even being with Lisa and Ben, as far away from hunting as he’d been since his mother died, he hadn’t been able to chase the nightmares away completely.
“I didn’t know the other guys, but I knew John and Shawn and I liked them, I liked them a lot.  They were nice, and they tipped really well, and the music they made was just so damn beautiful.  I hate what happened to them.  I hate that I’m never gonna to hear them play music again or laugh over John’s dumb jokes or find out how Shawn liked the
“Tell me about the nightmares,” he asked.
character into the edge of the door frame with Dean’s third-best knife.  Castiel’s hand flinched, the knife skipped, and its point drove into her left thumb.  The pain was sharp.  She tried but failed to stifle an immediate verbal reaction.  “Son of a bitch!” she hissed, falling back on Dean’s all-purpose oath.
“Well, it might be demons,” Cas suggested, clearly trying to cheer Dean up.  Sam rolled his eyes.  Only his brother would be cheered up by the prospect of fighting demons.
Couldn’t hurt to let her do something, Sam thought.  “Sure, uh, Marcie?”
Although Dean liked to play stupid when he could use it to his advantage – or when he was feeling lazy – he knew a lot of things.  He knew how to rebuild a car from the ground up, how to build an EMF detector from a Walkman, how to make a real meal for two growing boys from what you could buy at a truck stop, and how to gank just about any miserable thing that went bump in the night.  But normal people things like life insurance?  He had no idea.  Time was, he would have called Bobby for this sort of thing.  Garth, maybe?  Jody Mills?  Crazy Frank Devereux?  “I dunno, Cas.  But I’ll make some calls, okay?”
“You’ve been there, uh, Josh?” Dean asked, quickly checking the kid's name tag.
The coffee shop was a nice, cozy Mom and Pop place, not one of the big chains.  This late in the afternoon it was practically empty, just two teenagers in the corner drinking something froofy with lots of unnecessary whipped cream on top.  Dean sat at the counter, ordered a simple black coffee and gave a considering eye to the last few remaining donuts sitting under glass.  The bell on the door jangled, and Dean looked up to see Sergeant Hwang come into the shop.  Hwang noticed Dean immediately.  He took the seat at the counter next to Dean and flagged down the owner for a black coffee for himself.
Maisie’s eyes widened just a little and she nodded.  Unease was bursting out of her in a dozen different kinds of fidgets, which, even more than the trendy clothes and the piercings, made Dean wonder just how young the bartender was.  Old enough to be serving booze, but clearly not much older.  Dean shifted in his seat to put more of his body between Maisie and the door and put on his best protective big brother attitude, the one that always settled scared kids.  “What did you want to tell us, Maisie?” he asked, as gently as he could  manage.
“Is that everything?” Cas asked, slightly wary.   Dean nodded, mouth full of sandwich, and she looked first relieved then thoughtful.  They ate in companionable silence for a few more minutes before Cas said, “I have some questions.”
“What does that have to do with a dog attack?” Ada asked.  She did that Mr. Spock thing where she raised one eyebrow, something Dean had always thought was cool.
Struggling with the sheer awkwardness of it all, Castiel replied, “I . . . I don’t know.  Can you . . . uh . . . help?”
“Cops shoot the thing?”  Dean asked.
“Second, you gotta make things okay with Sam.”
“Cas?  Izzat you?” he murmured, still mostly asleep.  His eyes cracked open halfway but she wasn’t sure he was seeing anything.
work.
Castiel sighed.  “Is that another reference to a movie I’ve never seen?”  That was always a safe bet when Dean used a phrase she didn’t understand.
came.”
The hospital community room was large and airy enough to let Dean take a full breath without feeling like he wanted to puke.  It also had one of those fancy pod coffee machines that made much better coffee than the usual hospital sludge.  Dean picked the closest thing he could find to ordinary plain coffee, no fancy flavors or weird names, and drank it black.  The vending machine contained only drinks, but he grabbed a packet of crackers from the basket next to the coffee machine and let the food and hot drink work their magic.  Stupid to get all worked up like this over a smell, he thought.  He was going to have to get over this thing frickin’ quick because hospitals were a constant part of the hunting life.  He couldn’t stick Sam with every single victim interview in a hospital.
I laughed then because there was nothing else I could do, not with all that tension dissolving into relief and joy and yeah, a whole lot of lust that I could finally admit somewhere other than in my own head.  Cas caught it too, and we sat there and laughed together like idiots until I leaned in, threading my hand in his hair, and kissed him the way he deserved to be kissed.  There was nothing chaste about it.  I stopped only when my lungs, damn them, insisted that I had to breathe if I wanted to keep kissing him.  I fumbled with my seat belt with the hand that wasn’t holding Cas.  “Back seat, now.”
He hadn’t noticed that the music had grown louder or that people had gotten out onto the floor to dance.  Instead, what brought him back to the world was the light touch on his arm and the squirmy feeling like ants on his skin.  Fenella was there at his side, fingers brushing his arm, smiling in a predatory way that made his stomach lurch.  “Hey, there, handsome.  You and your brother promised me a dance,” she said.
“He’d only been back from college for about three years.  He went away to school – Oberlin in Ohio.  Most of his friends from high school have moved away to bigger towns but he kept in touch with a few.  I think I have their names somewhere.  He’s made some friends at work.  I’ll get those names for you too.  No steady girlfriend though.  His father and I were worried about that, but he kept telling us not to worry, he’d find someone eventually, he had time.  That was our last discussion.  The last thing I ever said to him was that I was worried he was working too hard and would end up alone,” Barbara said.  She was rambling a little, but they let her, knowing that they often got their best information from unguarded statements.
Sam had only reluctantly bought in to Dean’s crazy idea to drag a powerless Cas along on hunts with them, but he had to admit that she was proving useful on this job.  She’d done an impressive analysis of all of the various strains of Fairy lore and presented it to them with all the earnestness of a junior high schooler at her first debate club meeting.
“Well, I didn’t get a chance to do a fake FBI ID for you yet, so consultant?” Sam suggested.
“Our waitress seems to have a pretty strong light, and I could definitely see how she could lure a guy to do pretty much anything she wanted,” Sam noted.
On the whole, it was pretty good having Cas around all the time. There were still days when Sam couldn’t look at her without being pissed off about the lies, the Leviathans and the flashbacks to Hell that ran on a continuous loop in his brain. Yet, at the same time, it was nice to have someone around other than Dean. Cas was full of so much marvelous and obscure information that she was a joy to talk to, as long as you didn’t mind taking a few detours along the way. Plus, at his suggestion, as part of figuring out what it meant to be human, Cas was working her way through some of his favorite books from his college literature classes. They’d spent a cool hour or so last night talking about the book version of
If we could take the time
“Not yet,” Cas replied.
While Dean and Cas searched the arsenal stashed in the truck of the Barracuda for the cold iron weapons and bullets, Sam grabbed his computer and began sifting through urban spelunking websites.  While they could probably get a sewer map from Sergeant Hwang if they had to, Sam did not want to waste the Sergeant’s offered favor on something he should be able to find if he poked in the right places.  He was deep into social media discussions of obscure urban spelunking sites in northern Illinois when he realized that the pricking at the back of his neck wasn’t another Hell hallucination.  The bartender girl – what the heck was her name?  Marcie? Missy? Mossy? – really was hovering over his shoulder watching what he was doing.
After a moment, she unclenched her hands and looked at each of them.  “Where are my manners?  Can I get you anything?  Coffee?  Tea?”
Dean sighed.  “All right, padawan, come check the bedrooms with me and I’ll try to explain what’s ‘weird’ for the normals.”
“Yeah, yeah, tell me about the monster part,” Dean replied, wondering why Sam always had to put a name on someone Dean might have to put a bullet in.  His job was supposed to be killing monsters, not killing dumbass college boys named Wendell.   He paused for a moment to wonder what parent named their son something that was inevitably going to be shortened to “Wendy” by the average 12-year old boy.
Dean chuckled.  “No one’s going to give me grief about having a coffee and donut on the locals, don’t worry.”
Cas found words first.  “Dean, all of that . . . last night . . . does it mean that you are willing forgive me?”
?  Just brushing up against that possibility in his head put butterflies in his gut and got a stir of approval from his dick.
“Has he been awake all these years?” Ada asked nervously.
“No,” Cas responded, sounding as dry and unamused as back in the days of the stick-up-the-ass Angel of the Lord who had never even had a rebellious thought.  Once Fenella was safely out of earshot, Cas glared at both of them.  “You two have a truly appalling disregard for your own safety,” she said.
“Maybe.  It's probably nothing.”
“You and Cas?  You’ll find the frickin’ Necronomicon in there,” Sam teased.
“Exactly how stupid are you?  Don’t apologize to me, apologize to the lady.  She’s the one you disrespected,” Dean said, pushing a little on the asshole’s arm so he could feel the burn of his own straining muscles.
“I have a touch of the True Sight,” Maisie answered, taking a quick glance around.  “It’s not much, just knowing when someone’s lying to me and reading people’s auras.  I saw that you had a spark, figured you were just another part Fairy.  But when I touched your hand – it was all wings and blue-white fire and eyes and . . . like, wow.”
Jason hung his shaggy blonde head and looked ashamed.  “It was a stupid prank, man.  Just a stupid prank.  They do it every year – send some dumbass freshman pledges to steal some somethin’ from Saint Brigitta’s Church to prove you went in there at night, ‘cause it’s supposed to be haunted, ya know?  No one ever got hurt before.”
“Okay.  We can work with that.”  Dean stood up, took a quick glance around.  “All right, Cas, you get back to the hotel and dig in to the lore and figure out for sure how we take out a green lady.  I’m going to head to the town records office, check out some maps and building specs, see if I can figure out where a killer Fairy chick might hide out in this town that’s near water.  When Sam gets back, we’ll make a plan of attack.”
Hwang lowered his voice to a whisper.  “This is a good town.  A real good town.  Moved here when I got out of the Marines because after six years in the sandbox I wanted a quiet, green place.  I’ve been happy here.  I don’t want to lose that.”
By the time the bartender set their drinks on the bar, he’d talked himself back down to a place where he could look at Cas again without doing or saying something stupid.  He wove his way through the crowd back to the pool table, carefully managing not to spill any of the excellent beer.  A crowd was gathering there too.  Cas had waited for him, not even finishing her own turn until he came back.  “This’ll be our last game, place is filling up and we should clear the table for other people,” he said as he set their glasses on a side table.
“You said we might be able to talk to it.  I want to talk to it,” Ada decided.
Using her right hand to keep the washcloth pressed tightly on her thumb, Castiel walked back into the suite’s sitting room and sat down at the table with her laptop.  If she wasn’t able to finish the warding right away, at least she could confirm some more of her research regarding battling Fairies.  Maisie followed, again lounging extravagantly on the couch, feet propped up on one of the armrests.
The sadness that seemed to have taken up permanent residence in Cas’s eyes over the past two days shifted, becoming something else.  “Dean, you give yourself too little credit.  You can be difficult and stubborn and childish, but you are a good man.  You are brave and selfless, often to the point of foolishness.  You are loyal and you have a capacity for love and forgiveness that shames me.  When you’ve made mistakes, you’ve made them out of love.  Not pride.  Not a desire for power.  So no, I don’t think there is someone else better to teach me about being human.”
“She said she was going to bed, early morning and all that,” Sam answered.
Dean opted for honesty over comfort.  “A little.  Not much.  Mostly I think the Hell nightmares don’t happen as often now because I have a bigger selection of shit to have nightmares about.  Wish I had better news.”
Cas gave him the head tilt, confusion written all over those big (gorgeous – nope, don’t go there, he chided himself) blue eyes.  “I don’t understand.  You slept better after I was here.  The only good night’s sleep I’ve had since becoming human was our first night in this house when you stayed with me.  If being near each other lets us both sleep without nightmares, what’s wrong with that?”
Dean sat down heavily on the end of the bed.  Half of bottle of Scotch, even the good stuff, wasn’t enough to get him anywhere in shouting range of drunk.  It wasn’t the booze that made him feel hollowed out and exhausted.  That conversation had been goddamn hard.  Hearing Cas say that she wished she were still dead had hurt like fire.  He rested his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands and tried to summon the energy to get up and go to back to the living room couch.  It didn’t help that the bed was damn comfortable – king-sized, with one of those feather top mattresses – even though it had too many of those fussy little decorative pillows that women seemed to love.  It was so tempting just to fall down right here.
“I have a few ideas.  That Gaelic dismissal ritual you used on the leprechaun might work again, assuming the green lady was summoned here.  Silver will work against members of the Unseelie Court, but we can’t be sure that applies to this particular green lady.  Cold iron bullets should work.  In a worst case scenario, I know angel blades are effective against Fairies when wielded by an angel, and possibly when wielded by a human as well,” Cas answered.
“Oh, I’m going with you.  This is my home town.  I can’t just, like, sit here and do nothing.  I can’t,” Maisie declared.
“Let’s just . . . let’s cross that bridge when we get to it,” Dean said.  He wasn’t anywhere near drunk enough to say more about the wrench in his gut when he thought about Cas dying again, even if it was to fix Sam, and he wasn’t going to get that drunk tonight or ever.
“And we’re not talking about that,” Dean interrupted, quickly lifting his hand from Cas’s shoulder and looking to Sam for a way out of this conversation.
“Lance that boil?  Your talent for evocative imagery remains intact,” Cas responded with something like the dry humor Dean remembered.
“That’s inconvenient,” Sam said thoughtfully.
“Of course I did,” Barbara replied.  “That Detective Drummond didn’t think it mattered.”
“I know the Belchamp police think I’m just a hysterical suburban mother with an over-active imagination who’s read too many true crime books.  I’m not.  It can’t just be a coincidence that John and one of his friends died exactly the same strange way,” Barbara said.
“She says she can’t.  No angel mojo.”
“I don’t believe that dogs --” Cas began, but Dean stopped her with a look.  There was no need to tell Ada the real truth about Heaven or angels or whatever the hell else Cas was about to say.
Dean looked around more closely as they waited for their meals.  There were fewer Fairies here than it had seemed on first glance but still more than he’d ever seen in one place.  Most of them were clustered around the bar.  Trying to separate them was like trying to pick out one light on a Christmas tree from across a football field.  “You notice whether anyone is sparkling more than anyone else?” he asked.
“Hurrah,” she answered.  It was amazing, Dean thought, how her voice could be so different but still convey exactly the same tone of dry frustration.
“Ear plugs worked for Odysseus, might work for us,” Dean said.  Sam shot a surprised look at his brother, who almost never let on that he’d cracked a book or two in his life.  Dean frowned back at him.  “What?!  I read.”
before Dean had de-railed things with references to Boris Karloff movies. It was also nice to be able to avoid sitting through Dean’s favorite movies or favorite albums for the thousandth time without a scrap of guilt. Now Dean could inflict them on Cas instead.
“Yeah, something like that,” Sam responded, suddenly feeling a surge of hope that they’d caught a break.
Dean chuckled and shook his head. “I’ve been worrying about you since I was four years old. I’m not gonna stop now and you know that.”
“Yeah, I do.  The cops in Elgin actually did their jobs and interviewed a bunch of David Boddicker’s friends.  Guess what Boddicker did for a hobby?  Urban spelunking,” Sam reported.
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s that stone from Scotland I was talking about.  It has some of the most specific references to dealings with
“You’re fortunate.  The true forms of angels can be overwhelming to mortals.” Castiel couldn’t help remembering Pamela, the psychic who’d forced her to reveal herself before she was safely settled in a vessel, the first human hurt by her miscalculations.  She shoved those memories aside for now and focused on the case.  It was what Dean and Sam would do.  “So you know that this bar is full of Fairies, or people who’ve been touched by Fairy?”
Some nights Dean can’t sleep anywhere but in the back seat of the Impala.  On the nights when Sam is staying with Eileen – which are getting more and more frequent as the weeks go by – the silence of being alone in the bunker is too heavy, too painful, for him to sleep.  The silence of the place has heft and weight and it presses down on him so hard that he can barely breathe.  Nothing makes it better, not his music, not his movies, not porn, not booze.  It’s the painful silence of knowing that he’s never going to hear Cas’s voice again.  It’s the oppressive weight of knowing what they could have had, but never did, because both of them were so sure the other one couldn’t ever feel the same way that they never spoke up.  In the Impala, leaning his back into the door, the armrest digging in his lower back, folding his arms and legs just so to fit, the silence and the loneliness seem a little smaller, a little more manageable, a little less likely to break him.
Cas considered carefully.  “I’m not speaking to it in words precisely, just concepts and images.  I don’t know that I can be that exact.”
They checked the body for obvious needle marks and found nothing, but there were all sorts of places the guy could have been injected without leaving a visible trace.  “What would make a guy sit there peacefully while his throat and his thighs were sliced and he was drained dry?” Sam mused.
Back at their table there was a new pitcher of pale ale and someone had cleared their plates.  The dessert menu had four different kinds of pie, and to Dean’s unashamed delight, Fenella brought him a slab of cherry pie that would have fed a small army.  Cas was curious to try a new food, so Dean carved off a portion of the slab to share with her, earning him another meaningful
“I find it implausible that you have only
.  The Chief barely closed the door to his office before he started bitching at them.  “Look here, Agents,” he said with thinly-veiled contempt, “you can’t just come waltzing in here infringing on my jurisdiction unless one of us calls you first and I sure as hell didn’t call you.  If you’re here because of that Ponca woman I’m filing a protest with your field office.”
“Dean, I am, at the moment, ‘a chick.’ If I’m going to spend the rest of my life as a human female, shouldn’t I be at least somewhat familiar with 'chick' things?”
This month’s car was a beat-up 1970 Barracuda in a nasty shade of orange that was a horrible thing to inflict on any car, much less one that could have been pretty sweet if anyone had ever taken care of it. With a little TLC, Dean had gotten the engine humming nicely, even if the suspension was mostly a lost cause and the steering wheel shook when he went over 75 mph. She couldn’t hold a candle to his Baby, but it still felt good to open up the V-8 engine on the mostly empty highway towards Belchamp. The air was warming into full spring so he had the windows down, a decent rock station on the radio, and his two favorite people in the world in the car with him.
“Shouldn’t it be the Father making this call?”  Ada protested.
“God, so-called normal people do the weirdest shit,” Dean remarked.
With that weird almost-humor of hers, Cas added, “My friend has had a very vexing day and hitting someone does tend to make him feel better.”
Father Pederson chuckled ruefully.  “Well, the Berglands just had twins last month. But otherwise church attendance is going down, not up.  Every Sunday the pews seem more and more empty.  I feel like I should be doing more somehow, but I just don’t know what.”
Dean sprawled out over the half of the bed she wasn’t using and sighed in contentment.  Oh yeah, this was so much better than the couch.  It took him no time at all to fall asleep.
“Pleased to meet you both,” Ada responded, shaking their hands with her strong grip.
Sam raised his hands in a gesture of reluctant surrender just in time for Cas to emerge from the bathroom.  She looked great, Dean thought.  The jeans hugged her in all the right places, the shirt made her eyes even bluer, and her long coppery-brown hair was released from its braid, lying loose and wavy halfway down her back, making him wonder how all that soft hair would feel splayed over his chest.  So yeah, he stared a little, but she was stare-worthy.
Dean sipped his drink, savoring the smokiness and the burn.  It was particularly good scotch – not surprising, given that it was nearly old enough to drink in most states.  He contemplated saving a shot for Sam but decided brotherly love didn’t extend that far.  Maybe Cas would appreciate it as much as he did.  Rather than sipping, though, she downed the entire glass in one gulp, visibly flinching and grimacing, then held out the glass for more.
“What time does the Green Lady close up?”
.  Why else did God bring me back from the dead – twice -- if not to keep on protecting you?”  Cas demanded, showing the first signs of something stronger than flat, leaden sadness.  Unfortunately, Dean recognized that something all too well.  It was the same kind of acidic self-loathing he’d felt for so much of his own life.  Before he could say anything, Cas continued, “It – it would have been better for everyone if I’d – if I’d stayed dead.  But here I am.  Wishing I were still dead and wondering what I should do about it.”  She finished off the contents of her glass without even reacting to it.
Well thank God for cock-blocking dogs, Dean chided himself, because realistically, that’s not how it would have gone at all.  As much as he prided himself on his kissing skills, Cas . . . Cas just would have been confused.  Or worse, angry.  But most likely confused.  He knew how hard she was struggling with human feelings.  He knew damn well that she was, if not actually still a virgin, then so damn close to one as made no difference.  How the hell could he even think of putting her in such an awkward position, especially when she had no one else to turn to in the whole goddamn world except him and Sam.  It would have been a dick move on his part and he fucking well should have known better than to even think about it.
She flashed the faintest hint of a smile.  “I tried to talk to you before I took Jimmy Novak as a vessel but only succeeded in causing property damage.  The first time we met after I took my vessel, you shot me, then you stabbed me, and Bobby tried to cave in my skull with a crowbar,” she said, telling the story as calmly as if it was an everyday occurrence.  “You asked me who I was and I told you that I was Castiel, an Angel of the Lord, the one who gripped you tight and raised you from Perdition.”
“There are lots of stories about this church being haunted.  Tell me about them,” Dean asked.
“I make you nervous?”  How could she possibly make this child nervous, Castiel wondered, when she herself was the next best thing to helpless?
“Do you need me to give you a moment alone with the records?”  Sam asked his brother.  “Or can we, you know, work the case?”
Ada added, “But you should know that all the records from 1841 through about 1890 are in Swedish.  Most of the original white settlers around here did not speak English.”
Dean hated the self-doubt that Cas seemed to be dead-set on carrying around since her resurrection.  He wanted his friend back – the one with nerves of steel who dared to call pissed off archangels “assbutt.”  He looked to Sam, who was no help.  “It makes sense to get a jump on the research work early,” his brother said.  “I’ve never even heard of a green woman before – who knows whether it’s a real lead or not.  Ponca could have just been interested because of the name of the bar.”
Stunned by silver candlesticks, Dean noted.  That sure sounded like a skinwalker, but half the critters out there hated silver.  “So what did this dog look like?”
“Casti – uh, just call me Cas.”
His phone buzzed with his text message alert.  Cas had found what they needed.  Time to go to work.
Finally, almost clutching at straws, Dean asked, “Would I be able to look over the church’s records?  They might shed some light on why a place like this was targeted for a prank attack.”  A skinwalker seemed more and more unlikely.  Maybe some disgruntled past employee or parishioner had summoned something?  Or a cursed object?
“I need to ask you about the boys’ claims that they were attacked by a large black dog.  Do you know whether anyone around here owns a dog like that?”
“There’s a Mom and Pop burger place a couple of blocks away that carries veggie burgers.  Get me the black bean burger with a side salad, okay?  And I really mean black bean burger.  I can tell the difference.”
Meanwhile, Dean had started questioning Barbara Ponca, putting on his best “professional but gentle” demeanor.  “We’ve seen the family website, ma’am.  What makes you think that your son was the victim of a serial killer?”
“So, uh, yeah, we should get back to check on Sammy,” he said, walking around to the driver’s door.  “That chick Fenella is some sorta creepy sex Fairy, but not the killer.  She even warned me off of investigating the murders.  So our best lead now is that bartender and we’d all better be on our game when we talk to her tomorrow.”  On the short drive back to the hotel, Dean turned the music up, making further conversation impossible.
Cas had responded, perfectly summing up that gray, bleak and broken future.
“Son of bitch, Fairies?”  Dean did not like the idea of dealing with Fairies again.[1]  They were nearly as awful as witches, and way more handsy.
“Of course.  He’s the patron saint of law enforcement,” Ada noted.  Dean didn’t bother to correct her.
“This feels nice.  Why does this feel so nice?” she asked, slurring over the consonants.
“Sure, next time we have some quiet time, I’ll see if I can find one of the good old black and white ones with Karloff.” He liked watching movies with Cas. He’d watch just about anything with her just to see her reactions. It was like watching something for the first time again, plus she always saw things he’d never thought about before. Hell, if she liked it, maybe he’d even see if this
Barbara hadn’t just made coffee for them.  She had put out a spread of mini-quiches, spanakopita, and fresh grapes, all arranged with the meticulous care of someone who entertained a lot.  “It’s just some fruit and frozen things that I heated up, but good manners are good manners,” she explained.  “You’ve been so kind it was the least that I could do.”
“Did you know any of John’s other friends?”
“Recently, any unusual behavior of any kind?” Dean followed up.
Cas was quiet for a while, staying focused on what she was reading.  When the coffee maker signaled the new pot, Dean poured fresh coffee over the dregs in her mug and filled a new mug for himself.  He’d taught her to drink it black like he did – all the better to heat up later when you let it get cold and easier to clean off your shirt when you spilled it while driving.
“A lemon slush?” he asked, trying to make sense of the jumble of syllables she’d spat out.
“Cas, you’re never going to learn how to talk to normal people if you don’t actually
“Still.”  Cas swirled the dregs of beer in her glass, looking thoughtful.  “I thought of so many things I should do in that moment and then realized that in this body, being this way, I couldn’t actually do any of them.  I’m not of much use at all.”
“I’ve heard of the place but I’ve never been.  It opened about eight months ago.  I didn’t even know that John and Shawn played there.”  She ran her fingertips over the flier.  “Desperate Romantics.  I didn’t know they had a band name.  It suited them.”
Cas frowned and babbled something at the dog again.  It growled and whined back at her.  “I think – I think yes, he’s awake and watching all the time.  It’s part of what he is,” Cas said.
“I hope you don’t mind if we take a look around the church and the grounds while Ms. Swanson does her thing with the records,” Dean asked.  “My partner here is a big history buff.”  In case the records didn’t pan out, they had a few other ideas on finding where the dog was buried.
“Hello Dean.”  After decades of hunting and assorted abuse, his knees shouldn’t let him stand up that fast, but for a miracle they do, and Dean’s on his feet, spinning around to face the source of the most beautiful two words he’s ever heard in his life.  Cas is
Spring was fully here.  Even with this limited human body, she could smell the damp grass and the blooming trees in the night air.  She spread her arms a little and leaned her head back, letting a breeze ripple her coat, breathing in deeply, wishing she could taste even a fraction of the things she used to be able to experience.  She should have appreciated those angelic senses more when she had them.  Dean lounged against the hood of the car, waiting for her to sort out her thoughts.   She chose the problem nearest to the surface.  “I’m not human.”
Dean laughed darkly.  “Mostly, I drink and hit things.  It ain’t healthy but it gets the job done.”
He sat down.  No one else would have recognized the fear and worry in that question.  Well, no other human for sure.  She thought they were going to leave her here alone.  Dean was getting ready to launch into an angry rant about how she wasn’t trusting him again when he remembered what she’d said this afternoon:
“Oh, there’s no need for that, my lovely hunter.  I’m a mere
“Dammit, Cas, I’m sorry, I’m so so damn sorry, I shoulda said it, I shoulda been braver, I shoulda opened my mouth and not just stood there like a goddamn idiot.”  He’s babbling now, his forehead against the steering wheel, his hands shaking with the desire to hit something but knowing that the only thing here that deserves a beating is him, for not letting Cas know in that last horrible moment that he loved him too.
“I read the Cliff Notes in high school, I think. Or maybe I just stole the class notes from someone. It’s a real chick book. Not my thing at all,” Dean said with a grimace. He grabbed a beer out of the mini-fridge and offered one to her. Cas took it with a nod of thanks.
“I’m not a child, Dean.  I have been intoxicated before.”
When Dean finished changing, the dynamic nerd duo was still focused on the lap top screen, staring at a high-res image of some sort of carved stone.  He looked at the image from at least three angles but it was all gibberish to him.  “Gimme the meathead muscle version of what we’re lookin’ at,” Dean asked, pulling up a chair.
Dean didn’t like the sorrow in her voice. “Hey, Cas, go find the master bedroom and get yourself some clothes that fit,” he suggested, leaping at the first distraction he could think of.  “Sam, what kind of take-out places are nearby?  I’m starved and Cas has been living on hospital food for three weeks.”
“Jack,” he croaks, his voice rough and broken, but he refuses to worry about that now.  “You heard me.”
to normal people sometimes,” Dean said.
Trouble sleeping and nightmares were things Dean knew all too well how to deal with.  “Yeah, they gave us two bottles of pills for you, but we’re going to try something different.”  He got off the couch, shut off the TV, walked into the kitchen, pulled two glasses from one of the cabinets and began to scrounge through the liquor cabinet.  Yep, right where he’d remembered it, a nice single malt scotch, probably a gift these poor bastards had never gotten the chance to drink.  “We are going to use the patented Winchester Method of Dealing with Crap.  We are both going to drink ‘til we’re numb, talk until we’ve lanced that boil, and then probably never speak of it again, got it?”  Dean set the glasses and the bottle down on the kitchen table, then motioned for Cas to take a seat across from him.
“Have there ever been any other attacks on church property?  Attacks of any kind, not just animal attacks?”
Ada stepped up right to the edge of the glowing sigil then extended a hand as if she were letting the dog sniff her.  “Trogen.  Trogen, you good boy, it’s time to rest.  Your work is over.  You can go.”  The dog laid its huge head against Ada’s palm.  Then, slowly, very slowly, the dog faded away, leaving the afterimage of its electric blue eyes, then even that was gone.  Only the stink of the flowers and woods Sam had burned remained.
“Cool your jets, Hermione,” Dean replied.  “First beer, then food, then we’ll all compare notes.  Me and Sam got some good stuff too.”  He wandered over the mini-fridge, tossed the donuts on top, then pulled out four beers and handed them around the room.
Ada had to stop and think about that one for a moment.  “Every few years or so, that dratted fraternity sends some more foolish boys out to steal our candles or a prayer book or something else small but annoying.  I report it to the university every time it happens, but no one ever seems to do anything about it.  I started locking the front gate and the church door at night two years ago, even though Father hates shutting people out from God’s house.”
“His loss,” Dean replied.
Cas unfolded herself from the chair and shivered, noticing the temperature for the first time.  “But as I said, I wouldn’t trust my judgment on such things,” she added sadly.  “I’ll go try to talk to Sam, now, if you think he’ll be willing to listen.”
CASTIEL
The warmth of the hand on his arm cut through the dream, banishing Alastair and all the pain.  “Dean, it’s just a dream.  None of it is real.  Let it go.”  The voice wasn’t quite right but it was right in all the ways that mattered and he knew what that hand meant.  He was saved.  Cas was here, pulling him out of Hell.  “Dean, it’s all right.  I’m here.  I’ll protect you.”  Cas was here.  He was safe.  He could sleep.
By the time Dean and Sam returned to the hotel, Castiel had finished carving the warding.  After that, between them, she and Maisie had compiled an array of confirmable facts about Fairies,
Dean asked, “Are you sure?  That means no more protection.”
. I’m only about two chapters into it. Have you read it?” she asked.
“Exploring sewers and underground tunnels in cities and stuff like that.”
The bartender was a young white woman with brilliant red hair, a couple of eyebrow rings and mismatched eyes.  He didn’t even try to see if she had the spark of Fairy about her, just ordered the beers and tried to think pure thoughts.  Powerless or not, Cas was still an angel.  Thousands – millions? – of years older than him.  How could she ever be interested in him, an ordinary human?  More importantly, Cas was his best friend.  You don’t fuck your best friend if you want to keep your best friend, he reminded himself.  After even just three weeks of having Cas around all the time, he knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that he wanted Cas to stay around more than anything he’d wanted in a long time.
Her laughter had a cruel edge to it.  “Maybe not so clever at that.  A
I was done being safe.  Here, at the end of everything, with God as our enemy, I was finally done playing it safe.
Some cable channel was running a marathon of
“Your Fairy grandmother?”
Cas happy, he supposed he could give it a shot.
“What you ask, it’s terribly . . . complicated.  Being an angel was all I knew for eons.  The time I’ve been human is a mere raindrop compared to all that.”
“Wait, John knew one of the other victims?” Sam asked.  He exchanged a quick glance with Dean.  That certainly hadn’t been in the any of the records he had pried out of the police database last night.  How could the cops have missed something that important?
Worse yet, alone in the deep, quiet parts of night, she couldn’t escape her own memories.  Despite all of the things she no longer had, her perfect angelic memory remained relentlessly intact.  She could recall in exquisite detail every horrible choice and every horrible deed.  Betraying the angels who’d believed in her.  Deceiving and betraying the only true friends she’d ever had.  At night, those memories were as strong as if they were happening right now.
She put down her dust rag, brushed her hands on her jeans, strode up to Dean and shook his hand with a purpose.  “I’m Ada Beach.  I take care of things around here,” she explained.  Despite the ample amount of gray threading through her long, straight black hair, she was a handsome woman with a grip like a pipe-fitter.  Dean liked her instantly.  She gestured for him to follow her into a small office off the main room.  “I already answered questions for the local police. But anything to help,” Ada said as she sat down behind an old, meticulously neat, desk.  She motioned for Dean to take a seat in one of the wooden guest chairs, also old, but well-maintained.
“I didn’t touch the temperature,” Cas responded.  “I just sat down and got to work.”
“I’m angry.  I’m going to be angry as long as I keep getting flashes of Hell every time I’m not completely focused on something else,” Sam explained.  “But I’m also tired of being angry all the time.  So what I’m saying is I don’t hate Cas, and I’m working my way around to forgiving her.”
“No shit, sister,” Dean replied, not caring who heard him swear.
“My partner and I, we hunt monsters.  We came here because we thought that what attacked those kids was a simple monster.  Now that we know it isn’t really a monster, though, we have to decide what to do about it.  Someone who actually belongs to this place should be part of that decision,” he explained.
,” she insisted with puppy dog eyes that she must have picked up from Sam.  He gave in because he had to admit that he had no idea what he’d do if he woke up tomorrow as Deanna instead of Dean, much less waking up as a human after centuries as a celestial being.
“Story time later,” Dean insisted.
going to fuck up his relationship with his best friend.  Sex he could get anywhere with a little effort.  A friend who knew just about every awful thing about him and didn’t care?  That was the goddamn Holy Grail.  So he’d go right on squashing any of those thoughts, regardless of what meat suit Cas was wearing today.
“And what happened to those other frat boys?” Dean prompted.
“You know my people?” she asked, trying for innocence and missing it by a mile.
how to live with free will, what it meant not to have orders to follow.  They kept looking to
Now for the big question.  “Did it bite you?” Dean asked.
Just as Dean stepped into the hallway, Stefanie called out, “Wait!  Matt’s friend, Alex, played in the same darts league.  He’d know exactly where they played.”  She scribbled a name and phone number on a Post-It note and handed it to Dean.  “Alex Waddington.  Call him.”
“Not on Tuesdays.  But we will have a DJ later tonight to play some tunes for dancing.  If you’ll be sticking around.”
Cas gave me one of those shy crooked smiles of his, the ones that put butterflies in my belly.  “That sounds like a splendid idea.  I’ll go get Jack and --”
“I didn’t know him well.  I only met him myself at the wedding rehearsal and then at the wedding.  I know that John met him about two years ago and they bonded over their music.  Shawn kept trying to encourage John to do more performing, but John was really happiest when teaching music.  And his students – his students loved him.  We’ve gotten so many cards and letters from them.”
“Just say it, Dean.  Please.”
“This isn’t a vessel.  There’s no one in here but me.  This body used to belong to someone named Michelle.  Based on what the nurses say, she was in some sort of horrible accident and then was in a coma for a long time.  I think she was gone long before I ended up in this body,” she explained.  “I have no idea how I got here.  I have no idea how I’m not dead.”  She hung her head and studied her feet in their ridiculous pink fuzzy hospital slippers for a long time.  “I know this is hard to believe. But test me any way you need to, Dean.  I am Castiel.  And I need your help.  I need to get out of this hospital before they never let me leave.”
“Take anything you need.”
Dean had said.
“Human,” Cas corrects.  “But yes, love, let’s go home.”
He opened his eyes when he felt something cold against his head.  Maisie had gotten him a bottle of water and a makeshift ice pack.  “Thanks,” he murmured as the cold began to soothe some of the pain.
going to do anything that might fuck up that friendship.  Why is that so goddamn hard to understand?” Dean insisted, trying to keep his voice down because the last thing he wanted was Cas herself getting in the middle of this particular conversation.
“Student of a Jedi knight, from
The morning was soon enough to deal with Sam’s hallucinations, life insurance money, Leviathans, and every other damn thing.  He had his brother.  He had his best friend.  It wasn’t perfect.  But it was good enough.  He’d figure out the rest when he had to.
It took me two days to get to this point after Jack spilled his guts.  After getting his soul back, the kid just poured out everything, how he hated himself for not being stronger and able to protect everyone from Michael, how hard he tried to be good even after his soul was burned away, how sorry he was about Mom, and, oh yeah, Cas’s deal with the Empty.  That stupid, loyal, self-sacrificing doofus traded his life for Jack’s, and, just for an extra kick in the nuts, the Empty would collect as soon as Cas let himself be happy.
“I don’t know if I should.  Castiel is asleep.  He’s at peace after all his work.”
John had a basement suite that included two bedrooms, a small kitchen, a bathroom and a large living room.  It had a separate door to the outside and an interior door to the main house.  The whole area was cluttered with the debris of daily life, but the bathroom and kitchen were spotless.  Probably a cleaning service, Sam reflected.  Even he couldn’t keep a bathroom this clean without help.
“Dude, I hate to boost your ego, but a woman wanting to jump your bones isn’t exactly proof she’s a murderous Fairy,” Sam disagreed.
(See the end of the chapter for
A small white dog, pulling at a leash held by a tired man, barked sharply.  Moment broken, they stepped back, hands dropping to their sides, Dean refusing all of a sudden to look her in the eyes.
“I swear nothing interesting has happened in this town – or this whole county – since before World War I,” Sam grumbled.  “Whatever this thing is, it’s got to be brand new to the area.  I’m still thinking skinwalker.”
“I think I do.  I would like all of that too.  Very much.  But if you’re only suggesting this because you think my time here is short, well, I don’t think we have to worry about that.  With what’s looming over us, I’m unlikely to be happy any time soon,” Cas responded.
She studied the photographs closely, both with and without her glasses, then shook her head.  “No, I’m sorry.  They’re not familiar at all.”  She pointed at Boddicker.  “He looks a little like my first boyfriend.  I’d have remembered meeting someone out here who looked like that.”
Dean leaned back in the kitchen chair.  He desperately wanted a beer and a shower to get rid of the lingering stink of hospital.  “Sounds like research time for you, Sammy,” he said.  “I’m going to get out of the monkey suit and go pick up some food, see if I can get some local papers and gossip while I’m out.  You find any place that does take out?”
“Your boyfriend? The smokin’ hot guy you came in with?  Had dinner with?” the bartender replied.  “The guy who nearly took the head off the asshole who smacked your ass at the pool table?”
Dean turned around just in time to see a sloppy drunk white man with the shaggy, smug look of a college frat boy slap Cas on the ass while she was setting up a shot.  “Get a move on, honey buns, we’re waitin’ ta play,” the guy slurred.
“Oh shit, Cas,” Dean instantly began apologizing.  He should never have done it.  Sam really wasn’t wrong about him being a sucker for damsels in distress.  “You were crying and . . . look, if I overstepped, I didn’t mean --”
“Fine,” Dean conceded, although not happily.  He wasn’t going to let her get out of coming with them to the Green Lady tonight, though.  He and Sam could fill her up with all the TV, movies and books in the world, but she was never going to learn how to be human if she didn’t interact with other people.
“On weeknights, one a.m.  There’s usually someone there cleaning up for an hour or so after, but if we, like, wait until, oh, three in the morning, everyone should be gone,” Maisie explained.  “Is that good?  Like, useful?”
Sam agreed that there was something unusual about this kill, if it really was a vampire.  He consulted the coroner’s preliminary report.  One thing jumped out at him immediately.  “There’s no sign that this guy was subdued before he was sliced and drained.  No rope marks or restraint marks, no bash on the head, no defensive wounds.  The tox screen is still out for analysis, so I guess the cops are thinking drugs.”
The nurse looked at Dean with a pained expression and started to apologize for her patient, but Dean shut her down.  “Yes, I’m that Dean.”
The weight of that trust was huge.  Dean chose his next words carefully.  “First, we can’t play this game where you keep things from me because you think it’s for my own good.  Or you tell me half the truth because you think I don’t need to know.  No more secrets.  No more hiding things.  From now on, we tell each other
“Come on, Cas, get a move on!” Dean shouted from the living room as he adjusted his tie.  She was taking even longer than Sam and his ridiculous hair.
Sam frowned ruefully.  “You’re right.  Seems like a real waste of a second chance, though.”
“Well that’s not suspicious at all,” Dean remarked sarcastically.  “Looks like we’re going pub crawling tonight.”
The main door opened, hinges creaking, alerting them to Maisie’s arrival.  The bartender looked nervous and kept glancing over her shoulder.  They all sat down on one of the long benches in the foyer, Dean on one side of her, Cas on the other.  “Agent Blackmore, FBI,” he said, showing her the badge.  “You’ve met our consultant, Professor Glover.”
Raking his fingers through his hair, Sam answered, “Doesn’t this all seem a little, I dunno, weirdly convenient to you?  We just happen to show up on a random hunt in the same out of the way Minnesota hospital where Cas woke up in a new body?  Plus, anyone who knows anything about you knows you’re a sucker for damsels in distress, and, hey look, that new body happens to be female.”
“Yes,” Cas responded, perplexed.
“Slaps on the wrist from the university, as far as I know.  But none of them were ever hurt.  I’ve worked here for 30 years and in all that time no one’s ever been hurt or attacked on this property, not until this last time,” Ada insisted.  She seemed personally offended by the disruption.
All mine
“Definitely all right,” Dean responded.  “But you’re missing something.”  He picked up a pile of khaki cloth from the couch and tossed it to Cas.  She unfurled her old trench coat.  Her smile was so broad that Dean thought her face would burst.  “I, uh, had it cleaned and everything.  It was stinkin’ up the trunk,” he explained.
“What can you tell us about John’s routine?”  Dean asked.
Dean repeated the description the frat boys had given.  Big black dog, like a Rottweiler, with glowing blue eyes and the same blue glow around its mouth and teeth.  It definitely had sparked something in Cas’s brain.
“It’s not something we do, okay?!”  He knew he sounded angry but maybe a little anger would drive the point home.  “God, I need coffee,” he grumbled, not waiting for Cas’s answer.
They all jumped when Barbara Ponca said, “John was very proud of his collection.  I’m happy to see someone appreciating them the way he did.”  She stood at the interior door between John’s living room and the main house.  “The coffee is ready.  Or do you need a few more minutes?”
After more deliberately rambling questions, Father Pederson had nothing to add to Ada’s information about dog attacks or church history.  Dean ran through all the usual ghost hunting questions, but neither Father Pederson nor Ada admitted to any cold spots, unusual noises, moving objects, or anything else that might indicate a ghost.  They’d never smelled sulfur or noticed anything amiss in their nice, quiet old church.  In fact, they both reported feeling safe and secure in the church and on the church grounds no matter how late they worked.
“I will if you will,” she volleyed back.  “I am serious, Dean.  I can’t heal you any more when you get hurt.  I can’t keep undoing the damage you do to yourself by drinking too much, eating poorly and not sleeping enough.”
“You and me both, but I’m outta good ideas.  Hell, I’m outta bad ideas.”  Dean scanned the counters for his coffee mug from earlier, couldn’t find it, so gave up and grabbed a new one from the cabinet.  “Hey, I don’t suppose any of your old angel buddies –“
“I see . . . everything that I did.  Every single horrific, bloody thing.  I watch my hands kill my fellow angels.  I destroy Rafael so utterly he will never come back.  I kill humans without the slightest hesitation.  I watch myself arguing with you from inside a ring of holy fire, and I know that you are right and I want to change everything that comes after that, but I can’t.  Sometimes I dream of the Leviathans, of the feeling of suffocating in oily blackness.”  Dean could see tears starting to gather in the corners of her eyes.  “The pills make the dreams less frequent, but all of it is still there behind my eyes whenever I shut them.”
“Still a no, sorry,” Dean answered.
Cas had gotten out of bed by the time Dean got back to the house, which he took as a good sign.  He found her in the kitchen, still in last night’s sweat pants and T-shirt, poking a fork at the congealed scrambled eggs that he had left out for her hours ago.  Dean grabbed the plate of eggs and dumped it in the garbage before Cas had a chance to object, replacing it with a glass of water, a bottle of Gatorade and a ham and cheese sandwich he’d picked up at a deli near the church.  They sat and ate for a few minutes before Dean’s need to find out how Cas was doing got the better of him.
“You know, some of the lore I was reading last night talked about creating church grims by burying the dog’s body under the foundation stones of the church,” Sam noted.  “What the hell do we do then? Borrow a backhoe?”
