They tumble together and John has Sherlock pinned to the ground. He lays down so that their hard cocks line up and they moan into each other's mouth at the feeling. Sherlock hasn’t been like this with anyone in years and the fact that it’s John makes it all the more intense. John is panting and moaning above him and Sherlock wants so many things in that moment but he knows there is no way they are going to last long enough for any of them. The friction is too good and everything is so hot. John leans down and licks at the column of Sherlock’s throat ending it with a harsh bite that causes Sherlock to buck his hips up. His hands find the curve of John’s ass and he pulls him snugly against him. He hears a small gasp of surprise and can’t help but chuckle a bit.
They lay there for a few minutes catching their breaths, John slowly unfurled himself from Sherlock and padded to the kitchen, he was back moments later with a damp washcloth, he cleaned himself off before offering it to Sherlock. He took it and then forced himself to look at John.
Any reason John still possesses shut off the moment his lips touch Sherlock’s. Even though he doesn’t smoke anymore, Sherlock tastes like ashes, and John finds himself chasing them. He can’t believe that he wasted so many years living with this man, being with him almost constantly, and yet never trying to kiss him. He’s kissed a lot of people in his life, but kissing someone has never felt like coming home.
And when, when I was off, which happened a lot.
And he does. All night long.
They leave soon after and it takes everything in John not to suggest they go back home. There is a burning fear inside his chest and a tightness in his throat that promises to strangle any words he might try to say. Sherlock hails them a cab and John has no idea where they are headed. He thought Barts but it seems as though Sherlock has some kind of a lead. If he isn’t sharing it with John that means he wants to make sure it’s real before telling him about it. John tries not to let it bother him but there is still an old hurt in his chest from the last time Sherlock didn’t tell him something big.
“Not like that John, I swear okay. I would never put you through that again. I meant that if I told you, then you wouldn’t want to be around me anymore.”
“He’ll be alright, just some personal issues. I am sure that if you ask, he will tell you.” And John is shocked to say the least. Sherlock is the person who will tell you all your deepest secrets, more than often without any regard to who is around to hear. The fact that he won’t tell John what is wrong with Lestrade when he himself is one of the man’s closest friends is quite honestly mind boggling. However, it is also one of the most endearing things that John has ever seen in his entire life and so he doesn’t push it any further. Instead he ducks under the tape holding it up for Sherlock and walking towards yet another crime scene.
“Come on Sherlock please,” John said softly. Sherlock gripped John’s hips and lifted him onto his cock. There was minute of resistance and then he popped past the band of resistance and he was breaking apart inside of John. There were so many things he wanted to say, but Sherlock found it almost impossible to speak. It was just as intense as it had been their very first time.
“That’s funny, that is just what I was about to ask you. Any cases? John is back home and we need something entertaining.” Lestrade sighs at Sherlock being really insensitive but nevertheless tells him of a case he has been working on the last few days. Apparently there is what looks to be a serial killer disposing of people without any connection, or at least one that the police haven’t been able to find yet. “Thanks, Lestrade. Is there a crime scene we can take a look at?” Lestrade gives an address and Sherlock hangs up then dials Angelos. He makes sure that their normal table will be available for them whenever they finish. Sherlock does some research on the serial killer on his laptop while he waits on John.
“What’s wrong?” He asks, his voice unbearably soft. Sherlock can’t even speak; he just nods his head towards the ring. When John sees it he gets a puzzled expression before pulling it off and putting it on the nearest surface.
“I just want my Mum,” Charlie says, his bottom lip starting to quiver again. Sherlock puts his hands over the boys and squeezes.
“Couldn’t you have sent me a message? Anything to let me know you were okay. Cause just how you never want to live in a world without me, I never wanted to exist in one without you, but I have been Sherlock for two years.” Sherlock couldn’t even say anything to that he just hung his head.
“John, I need, fuck I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Okay fine but why two bloody goddamn years Sherlock I could understand maybe six months but two fucking years!”
“John, I wouldn’t have asked if I wasn’t.” John Watson had gone to war, he went out with Sherlock hunting down the scum of the earth with only a handgun, but all that paled in comparison to having the entirety of Sherlock Holmes’ trust. Sherlock was looking at him like he was the one thing in the world that stopped all the noise in his head… because he was. John slowly leaned in giving Sherlock plenty of opportunity to move away, he didn’t instead he met John halfway. The kiss was like a lighting strike and John felt himself suddenly lost to all sense except Sherlock. Sherlock bite down on John’s lower lip slowly dragging his teeth over it.
He stops his pacing and drops his head into his hands, and he knows that all these feelings are going to become so intolerable that even John will be able to look at him and deduce what’s going through his mind. Which wouldn’t be so bad if Sherlock wasn’t ninety-nine percent certain that John is if not straight at least bisexual with such denial that he might as well be straight. He knows that John finds him attractive, it’s obvious in the way that John looks at him and it’s the reason why most people assume they are together. The only person who doesn’t seem to realize it is John, or at least his conscious self is unaware.
“Brilliant. I guess that is what we are looking for in the files. The arrest records from our victims.”
Once again my undying gradtitude to my wonderful beta @SherlockWaston_Holmes
“Sorry, just kinda hard to believe.”
“What do you mean?”
“I think so,” John replies, trying in vain to keep the fondness out of his voice, but the smug expression on Greg’s face tells him he is failing. Thankfully he doesn’t press the matter, so the two of them sit on the floor, as far away from Sherlock as possible without leaving the office. John knows Sherlock hasn’t slept in days and the last thing he wants is to wake him up unless they find Mark or he gets clear to take him home for the night. Cue the manic blushing at that thought, John rolls his eyes at himself.
“Not interested. What I am interested in is who hired you to watch us and have us chase you.”
“Fine, don’t tell me then.” John started to undress until he was left in just his boxers. He crawled into the bed, completely planning to pass out next to Sherlock. He had rolled onto his side, back to Sherlock when he felt a small tap on his shoulder. He reluctantly rolled onto his back casting his eyes to Sherlock, “Yes?”
John groans, pulling at his hair and Sherlock watches him struggle, he is at his wits end and even though Sherlock didn’t ask him to come he still feels guilty. John should be enjoying his wedding night in a room bathed in lights and friends all around. Not in a dark flat with Sherlock worried that he might be using again.
“Yes Sherlock?”
“Right,” John says, still trying to keep the images of… whatever that was at bay.
He never really had a partner before that he could truly let himself go with, therefore he normally liked to stay in control, so it is a little bit of a shock to see the very enthusiastic response his body has to John taking charge. John smiles at him in the most wicked way that Sherlock has ever seen. He leans in, and Sherlock starts to close his eyes…  which fly quickly open again when he feels teeth pulling, none too gently, at his nipple. John looks incredibly pleased with himself, and Sherlock is getting rather annoyed about it. He reaches around the back of John’s neck and brings their lips together.
“Here,” Sherlock replied, suspiciously sounding like he was upstairs in John’s bedroom. John cautiously made his way up the stairs. The sight that greeted him was arresting to say the least. Sherlock bloody Holmes was laying in his bed wearing nothing but a sheet, he was sitting against the headboard with his arms crossed. “Care to tell me why you are in my bedroom Sherlock?” Sherlock opened his mouth but then quickly shook his head and started muttering “You’ll have to speak up if you want me to hear.” Sherlock heaved a big sigh.
Sherlock glares at him until John adopts a more serious expression. “I do but I didn’t want your first case back to be quite so complicated.” John looks at him with surprise in his eyes. They don’t speak for the rest of the meal but Sherlock can feel John’s gaze on him heavy like a physical touch.
John wretches away rather abruptly, Sherlock trying to follow his mouth for a moment which is so fucking cute John presses a chaste kiss to his lips before asking, “Are you clean Sherl?”
Once they are back at Baker street, Sherlock sits in his chair with his fingers steepling already beginning the slow sink into his mind palace. There is a lot of thinking to do with the case, with John, and just what he intends to do about Mary and Paul. John, already suspecting this for most of the day, puts the kettle on and leaves to take a shower leaving Sherlock to his thoughts.
Worn to the bones I told myself, “this could get rough”
“Holy fuck,” John says, his hair is wet, little droplets of water run down his chest and Sherlock would lick him dry if he wasn’t otherwise occupied. The look that John is giving him is something that Sherlock will never forget, even if he didn’t have a mind palace to store the memory in. John’s jaw is slack, his eyes are wide, and he is looking at Sherlock like he is everything he’s ever dreamed of, on a silver platter.
John pulls his shirt off and attacks his neck with such vigor that Sherlock feels a chuckle being pulled out of himself.
“By choice,” Sherlock says in amazed disgust, and it is rather an awful name but still not even close to the damn point.
“And your speech today it was lovely but Sherlock… did you mean it?” Sherlock tilts his head to the side and tries to read John’s face… self conscious and scared? Ah.
“You know you are really good with mini humans. Lestrade said that boy nearly bit him when he tried.”
John feels a hand urging his own to wrap around Sherlock’s wrist, leaving John’s fingers to press down on the pulse point. John feels all the air catch in his chest, obviously Sherlock had figured out that John checked his pulse a bit more than normal. But he didn’t think he could also see when John was moments from a panic attack and the only thing to stave it off… John peeks at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye, as if his furtiveness will somehow keep the detective from noticing. He didn’t have to worry, Sherlock’s entire body seems focused on the world outside the window.
“I just started moving on with my life, Mary is great and she makes me happy. I might not be running through the streets of London or chasing down serial killers in back alleys, but at least I don’t feel like dying everyday. That’s how it was right after the fall.”
“Ed, why are you killing people?” John finally asks since it doesn’t seem that Sherlock is ever going to be able to bring himself around enough to do it.
“I am also like a cat?” John asks in complete confusion.
“My mum, I don’t know where she is now though, do you, John?” John feels his heart sink to his stomach and there is nothing he can think of to say. This boy isn’t older than seven and how in the world is John supposed to tell him that his Mum is dead and never going to put cartoons on for him again.
“Are you sure?”
“Wh…at?” John stuttered out his eyes growing wide, “Either get in here or leave, I would like to finish sometime today.” And well, even though John had always denied to everyone that him and Sherlock were anything more than friends, even he had to admit with hard evidence it was difficult to just rationalize this away. So Captain Watson walked into Sherlock’s room like he was going to war all over again… in a way he was. Let’s just say that when he wanted to Sherlock could use that mouth for much more pleasurable purposes rather than just annoying the masses. These little meetings had happened a few times now and John could never figure out the rhyme and reason to them. He knew better than to ask Sherlock if they were anything official, he would just drivel some, “Sentiment being a chemical defect and that he wasn’t one of the bimbos that John would sometimes bring around.” But then he would pull some crazy stunt to catch a killer and then they would be high on adrenaline when they got back to Baker street. Sherlock would give him one of his smoldering looks and John would have him up against the nearest wall.
“Well I would bloody hope not Sherlock, christ you’d be a nightmare. Besides I like you how you are.” He emphasizes this by fusing their bodies together and grinding slightly. Sherlock still has a frown but his eyes are just slightly starting to glaze.
“Sherlock, come on let’s go,” John says it as he stands and holds out a hand to help him up. Sherlock goes without an argument, he feels like a limp doll allowing John to pull him away. He only comes alive again once they are outside and sees Charlie sitting on the hood of a cop car, Sally sitting beside him and talking about something. Sherlock makes for them and he moves too fast for John to grab him.
Sherlock woke a little bit later than usual and even before he opened his eyes he knew what would greet him. He had never ever in his life wanted to open his eyes less but he forced himself to. The spot where John had laid had gone cold and on the pillow next to his head there was a note. He snatched it up. When, when we came home
Sherlock Holmes you are a bloody idiot.
“John,” he breathes on his lips before kissing him. The kiss is chaste at first but then something seems to switch in John and suddenly there are hands in Sherlock’s hair and a tongue seeking entrance to his mouth. He lets him in and the first brush of tongues against each other has Sherlock thinking maybe there is such a thing as Nirvana. John’s hands are playing with the hem of Sherlock’s shirt and he shivers despite himself. His entire body feels like fire and he wants everything all at once.
“That you had to go through that. And that there isn’t more we can do for Charlie.” Sherlock just nods. He knows that John is doing one of those 'showing empathy' things, but it’s annoying and he wishes they could just get back to the case.
Don’t walk away, don’t roll your eyes
Now they have kissed, John isn’t sure what will happen once they are back at 221B alone and without any interruptions. Sherlock may very well retreat into himself and they will go back to normal, never speaking about the kiss. John’s whole body seems to rebel against that thought and he has to take a minute just to keep himself from being sick. Christ, how in the world had he ever thought that marrying anyone besides Sherlock Holmes was a bang on idea?
John sighs and crosses his legs in front of Sherlock, the anger seems to be draining out of him. “If I knew that Sherlock then I wouldn’t bother asking. Tell me what’s wrong please.”
“Greg, alright?” John knows he’s not, can see he’s not, but it is more the act of asking it so that Sherlock has a moment to deduce Lestrade’s state and hopefully adjust his harsh tone accordingly. Even though he loves to deny it, John knows that the DI is one of the only people in the world that Sherlock considers a friend and he wouldn’t want to purposely hurt him.
“Still hot, come on.” Sherlock climbs in and of course John follows.
Lestrade’s door is closed and John is just about to raise his hand to knock when Sherlock just pushes the door open, John sighs and marches in only to stop short at the sight that greets them. Mycroft is sitting on top of Lestrade’s desk moaning and John is filled with unbridled horror when he sees a bit of silver hair moving between his legs. He looks over at Sherlock and the expression on his face is the kind that the actors in the horror movies wish they could make. John herds him out of the office as quickly as possible shutting the door without making a sound.
Angelo has said this to John so many times that he just gave up and let the man have his own assumptions about them.
Sherlock returned to 221B and immediately could sense that something was off. He did a quick look over the rooms. John’s shoes by the door, the RAMC mug out on the kitchen table, John’s chair back in the sitting room having been recovered from Sherlock’s bedroom. The sound of the shower running in the background also grabbed Sherlock’s attention. He went over to the bathroom door listening; there was music which meant that whatever John was doing in there (crying or wanking being the two likest options) he didn’t want to be heard. If it was anyone else in the world Sherlock would stay at the door and deduce which, but it was John, so instead he moved away and into the kitchen. He puts another kettle on and tries to clean up his latest experiment as best he can. He is just finishing up with the disinfectant when the bathroom door finally opens and John walks out wearing nothing but a towel. Sherlock feels his jaw drop open; John has never walked around the flat in just a towel. He almost always makes sure that he is fully covered, although that might have more to do with Sherlock keeping the temperature in the flat rather cold so his experiments don’t go bad, than anything else.
“I think you mean children, Sherlock.”
They start removing the other’s clothes as they stumble their way to the bathroom and Sherlock finds it rather amusing that they are getting completely naked when they haven’t even kissed since the street. John looks at him with a question in his eyes but Sherlock only shakes his head and tosses John’s belt on the kitchen table with a flourish. Once they are in the bathroom they both only have their pants left on, which Sherlock removes while John turns on the water.
“John,” it was all he could manage as the pace was sped up and he found himself reaching for John’s cock, as soon as he made contact John whimpered in a way that broke Sherlock’s heart. Sherlock knew they would both be coming soon and he had no idea what would happen after so he pulled John towards him holding him in a bear hug as he thrust a few more times and stilled. John made no attempt to move off, and Sherlock wrapped his hand back around his cock and gave it a few elegant strokes John was coming in moments screaming Sherlock’s name like it was a curse and a prayer.
“Sherlock, come on I don’t actually want this to take all night so please just tell me.” Sherlock finally stops and stares at him for a long while. John is so used to it that it isn’t even uncomfortable anymore.
“Yes, but still Sherlock, it’s better…” He trails off as he watches Sherlock grab the condom from his fingers and fling it across the room.’
John stares him down for a few moments before answering, “Can I move back in?”
“I’m Charlie.”
“Did you kill someone?” John asks in a calm voice. Sherlock can’t help but chuckle a little at that. He wishes it were something that simple and uncomplicated. At least if it involved a body he would know what to do. But this is sentiment, he is out of his element and he doesn’t really know what to do with himself.
“Would you… sleep with me tonight… please.”
Mycroft assures him that he will take care of it and hangs up. Then he dials Lestrade, “Sherlock what you got?”
“Christ,” Sherlock moans as John crooks his fingers and finds his prostate.
“Why not?”
“Shhh, I won’t ever leave again I swear.”
John was used to cryptic texts like these but usually they kept some tone of indifference to them. John quickly paid and rushed back to Baker street,fully expecting Sherlock to be sulking on the couch or waiting impatiently at the door for John. But when he walked into 221B Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. “Sherlock,” John called.
Sherlock lifts his head the slightest bit, his hair is mussed, pupils are dilated and his voice breaks when he answers, “Fuck me.” John fucking shivers at that, he grabs some lube from the side drawer which causes Sherlock to smirk at him. “Been playing without me I see.” John doesn’t even dignify that with a reply, he slicks up his fingers and pushes two fingers into Sherlock, crooking them and finding his prostate in no time at all. Being a Doctor definitely has it’s advantages and with Sherlock those are endless.
“Good. You think of that place before you go to sleep and you’ll be just fine.” John stands up and ruffles the boy’s hair. They say goodbye to Charlie and his father before heading back towards the street to grab a cab.
“Back at the house there was another that slipped out the back, called himself Ed. I think he might be our guy.”
“Fuck, Sherlock,” John’s voice is so broken and he doesn’t even care what he sounds like. It feels like he came for hours but it can’t be more than a minute. He must black out for a few seconds because when he comes to Sherlock has moved them to their sides and he is stroking John’s chest.
“Goodnight Sherlock.”
“I want to catch this bastard.” John just nods, he couldn’t agree more.
“No John, it has nothing to do with murder or drugs for that matter.” John nods looking miserable and completely at a loss. Sherlock stares at him since well who cares at this point, John is probably going to figure it out tonight anyways. He might as well get his fill of John Watson while he can.
Much love and appreciation for my beta @SherlockWatson_Holmes.
“Look, I know we have a lot to figure out, but we can’t right now. Lestrade is staring at us more than the road and I already feel ill from his driving when he's giving the road his full attention. Just wait alright? We are at the last stretch and I promise when we get home we’ll talk.” John leans his head towards Sherlock and rests his mouth on Sherlock’s ear as well.
The way Sherlock’s body tightens around him when he comes, the expression of pure bliss on the detectives face, is so fucking hot that John follows him right after, pulsing his release inside Sherlock’s pliant body. He tries to pull out slowly, but Sherlock’s legs wrap around his waist and keep him inside.
“Enough with the ‘I’m a good serial killer vigilante’ bullshit,” Sherlock says rolling his eyes.
“My mother is dead isn’t she?” The question is asked so matter of factly that John feels his eyes welling up just to hear it. Charlie looks to be the picture of perfect poise but after a moment of observing, he can tell the boy’s legs are shaking. He is trying so hard to be taken seriously and in a way John can almost see a young Sherlock in the boy’s face. The thought makes his chest hurt and he’s glad that he isn’t expected to speak right now because he is almost sure all that would come out is a sob.
“That is an experiment we will have to try,” Sherlock hums.
They jerk apart when a car horn goes off entirely too close for their liking. A cab has pulled up next to them and the leer the driver is giving them is so shameless that John waves him away. There is an awkward silence enveloping him and John is just about to say something when another cab pulls up and Sherlock folds himself inside leaving the door open.
"John", Sherlock all but screams and he’s so far gone that he doesn’t even spare a thought about Mrs. Hudson hearing them. He comes for so long that it almost seems as though it will never end and that this is how Sherlock Holmes will finally die. Coming inside John Watson for eternity, damn good way to go. It finally must subside though and when he blinks his eyes open he finds John staring at him, the softest smile on his face. Sherlock pulls out as slowly as he can manage and grabs a washcloth that he keeps in his bedside table. He cleans John first making sure to be as thorough as possible before giving himself a courtesy swipe. He nudges his way onto John’s chest and hums when he feels a hand in his hair.
Sherlock is enjoying this far too much. In the past, whenever he would let himself indulge in sex, he always found that reducing his partner to a wordless bundle of fried nerves gave him almost more satisfaction than his own orgasm. Although he has never had anyone do the same back to him before now. John’s hands are beginning to travel lower over Sherlock’s backside and oh God!. He feels a slick finger pushing at his entrance as their mouths stay joined, nipping and pulling at the others lips. The moan that is dragged out of his throat when John’s finger slips in would be enough to make a nun question her commitment. When Sherlock looks into John’s eyes they are so dark that he can barely see any blue at all.
“That’s great Sherlock. What is it?”
“What kind of parent names their fucking child Ed?” Sherlock asks and John has to keep himself from groaning that this is the most important question coming to the detective’s mind instead of something about you know, the serial killer antics.
John came out of the memory to the sound a slightly raspy voice singing along to the violin.
“I am not entirely sure Charlie. We need to investigate some things here to figure that out. But I have a friend named Sally and she would love it if you could keep her company until your dad gets here. Do you think you could do that for me?”
“I thought you loved the genius ones,” John says with a touch of laughter in his voice.
Sherlock can see the deep thoughts in the set of John’s eyes and it will probably be something they talk about at length later on down the road… but not now. Sherlock steps into the little space between John’s legs and even though Sherlock knows he is taller, it never seems that way. John takes up so much space in his world, and mind, that he always seems to be nine feet tall. Sherlock doesn’t believe in superheroes or angels but if he ever entertained the idea, well, John is always the image that appears. Now though, he can feel himself towering over John and it sends a shiver up his spine. John is tilting his head slightly to look up at him and Sherlock is so caught up in his eyes that he doesn’t even realize John’s hands have moved to grab his shoulders. John twists them expertly, even with the water still beating down, and Sherlock’s arousal demands attention.
Sherlock looks up at him and his face is the most unguarded that John has ever seen outside of sex. “No, John, you are home for me too.” John’s breath catches and he knows that this is probably the closet to a love confession he will ever get. He kisses the world’s only consulting detective, his best friend, the love of his life, his home. He falls asleep with a smile on his face and the nightmares never come back.
“How fast I can make you come from my voice alone.”
“Do you trust me Sherlock?”
He can’t help but shake his head in disbelief at himself. He never used to care about worrying someone a few years ago - hell he didn’t care about worrying John. But the fall has changed all that, when he saw the effect that his ‘death’ had on John, well it made him realize that he couldn’t just treat his body as transport all the time. He can still remember the chasm of despair that chiseled open that day at the grave when he heard John beg in that broken voice, “Don’t be dead.” That’s the moment Sherlock realized what all those horrific writers were going on about when they said that it’s possible for your heart to break, or at least he thought that is what happened. It wasn’t until he returned and found John with Mary that his heart crumbled apart in his chest.
He manages to get a partial fingerprint and as he lifts it as gently as possible he hopes that this victim has at least been in some sort of trouble, otherwise this will turn into a needle in the haystack. He texts Lestrade to let him know and can’t help but smile at the reply.
“I figured it would be easier for me to come here and get your detailed statements for the case since Greg is let’s just say indisposed for the rest of the day.” And oh no, Mycroft’s lips twitch in a slight smirk when he finishes and John cannot handle bloody Mycroft talking in innuendo. Sherlock’s face is paling rather remarkably and that just makes John’s decision easier.
“I can’t get pregnant John.”
“Sherlock you won’t hurt me. Just fucking move.” He does, he pulls almost all the way out and slams back in with such force that it almost feels as though he’s reaching all the way into John’s head. It feels so good, Sherlock of course has pinpointed the exact location of his prostate and he is hitting it relentlessly. Sherlock’s hand is suddenly on his cock and John’s knows he's going to come like a shot.
“No, it’s alright. I’ll just make sure to never look your brother in the eye ever again.” Sherlock starts chuckling and John can’t help but join in. They are somewhat settled once they get back to the flat, but Mycroft sitting on the couch looking impeccable as always sends them through a fresh fit of laughter. Mycroft honest to god blushes, which will surely become the ninth wonder of the world if only because it’s that damn surprising.
Sherlock puts his hand on John’s shoulder and squeezes while still reading the rest of the file. He does it almost unconsciously just wanting to offer some support in the horror of what they have to look at. Sherlock sends the name of the uncle to Lestrade asking if it matches the first victim’s name.
John is just about to add a third finger when Sherlock half sits up and grabs at his wrist. “No John, now.”
“Hey, it’s quite alright.” John cleared his throat too, the air suddenly tense. He let go of Sherlock’s hand. “We can stop here if you rather…” His eyes went to the screen. Only twelve minutes left.
"Oh yeah, all the time." John cleared his throat and placed his hands inside his pockets.
"And I want
“Ha! I bet that was her favourite bit. Rosie would have loved it!”
Right now he was feeling like that, he didn't need anyone. He knew he needed John though, he was certain, inside his logical mind, an illogical thought wondered freely '
With Sherlock shirtless, John had to concentrate all of his will power so not to kiss the creamy, soft-looking flesh of Sherlock's shoulders and neck. Sherlock lowered his chin, allowing John the easy access to the back of his neck. So John complied, massaging there carefully, drawing little and long patterns over the flesh. John's fingers touched lightly the base of Sherlock's scalp and a sudden need to run his fingers through that soft-looking hair possessed him. A bit unsure, with gentle pressure, he entangled his fingers in the curls and gave the scalp a soft but firm grip.
"Of course I do."
“I therefore longed to feel that pleasure which cools the blood and calms the brain,” Sherlock’s eyes closed and his hands twitched at his side. He wanted to touch himself, he wanted to take himself in his fist and end the whole case, but he found himself powerless to break this. He watched as John let his eyes roam his body, stopping deliberately on the small towel and the erection beneath. He saw how John sucked a breath as his hands massaged up his thighs, dangerously close to his groin.
received at 12:24
"Alright." Sherlock complied. He placed the cup on the coffee table and unwrapped himself from the sheet. He sat completely naked on the couch. Remembering last night, he quickly eyed the door making sure it was locked. If this worked, he didn't want Mrs. Hudson walk on him and have a heart attack.
Sherlock smiled and said in a small voice, “Does it look that terrible?”
Sherlock placed the first slide carefully next to the empty bag of crisps, and then slid the other slide in-between Martin’s fingers.
a man." Sherlock burrowed his brows, giving John a confused look.
"I always behave."
, before he had to change the settings to only receive messages from known users rather than anonymous ones. That last voice was telling him that Sherlock was human, and he was a man younger than himself. That voice also told him he should take the fact as they were and no give them so much thought: Sherlock simply was having a wet dream about you, John. He had moaned your name and maybe there were dirty things you two were doing in that great mind of his.
drink it.”
"Pieces of the chess started to move, the king has to fall... we are all part of the game, Sherlock." And Sherlock started the game. He knew what Mycroft meant. He was the king since Moriarty, the other king, wanted him destroyed. The only way to achieve that is to fall into his doom. Mycroft knew about it, he made the same logical assumption.
them carefully, trying to find something sexually appealing in them. Nothing. So he was straight,
is enough to stand before the
"Now what?"
"Armand Smith."
"It's okay, Sherlock… it’s okay."
’. Another text was,
– John – mean it like a joke? Like a laugh in lieu of what Sherlock had shown him this afternoon?
as he referred to Armand – and how he explained about the little company the hot line was about to buy. He told him about the exotic fantasies, supposedly held by the people's black market... Sherlock listened carefully everything John was saying; he never asked the name of their client, too consumed in the facts for it to be relevant at all with the case.
"That's exactly what you said last night."
“One week -"
"And I gave you back the name of the head in the plants’ black market."
"Yeah, I'm all right. I was just thinking about the case."
"You know with the painting issue things got... complicated." He said taking the item to his lips once more.
“I’m thinking about kissing you,” John blurted, his eyes moving from Sherlock’s mouth to his eyes.
And he was alright with that, as long as John was safe and sound and as long as he was there to make a better world for them. Without Moriarty, without a brilliant consulting criminal.
from New York, though. She left everything there, a big penthouse, her own laboratory… she was a scientist. Once a scientist, always a scientist. Why would she come here and become a florist instead?” Sherlock’s eyes followed John’s hands over his muscles, over his veins, sometimes John’s knuckles would brush the sides of Sherlock’s chest.
"You're too nice, Mrs. Hudson."  He said with a warm smile, his eyes going to the tray.
"Hello, how may I help you?" answered a nice woman's voice at the other side of the phone.
“Elsie Patrick, my name’s Sherlock Holmes and I’m here because Chloe Hilton asked me to. Calm down, I’m trying to help you.”
John had been cleaning his hands with a fresh towel. Sherlock could see how his eyes were on the task, but at times, John’s eyes would move to Sherlock as if by force of nature, he was probably curious about the whole process.
There was no response; John didn’t want to leave it there after the unconscious innuendo. He waited thirty seconds and added:
"It's Mycroft, isn't it." '
“Yeah, she is also trying to convince Craig to lower the price of the software,” John’s face moved a bit. If Sherlock turned his face to look at him now, their noses would probably collide. He remembered last night and closed his eyes.
"John."
"Alright..." Sherlock said, sighing. "So, we have this hot line which tells us quite a bit. Lestrade told me they were looking for the cover-up business. John..." Sherlock rubbed his temples, "they found a boat with people with no ID's, no passports, probably a people's market, but they couldn't track it down to the source..."
He felt as if he could demand more from Sherlock, from the man, something he had never done before with his previous sexual partners, he wasn't afraid of his demands, he wasn't afraid of what he might do or of what might have been done to him. He trusted him. That feeling of equality was something he had always wanted. All of his previous sexual partners, all of them women, could never give him that and he was surprised how easy it was. Everything with Sherlock seemed easy, logical. Even the fact that he had sex with a man.
“Look, you have to be there tomorrow, three o’clock sharp, CV in hand…” Sherlock stared at one of the photos, “…Slaney wants a man in his mid-thirties, responsible, well-mannered...”
“It really doesn’t; Toby needs surgery because a tumour was found in his stomach. The surgery is expensive and I was informed Craig was looking for a loan when this case popped up.” Sherlock’s screen lit up again with a message from Mycroft at the same time John’s phone vibrated; the message showed a fast asleep Rosie and both men smiled at their screen. John’s eyes searched for Sherlock’s expression and his smile grew wider. “I asked for his assistance since he happened to have the skill set I needed to get into their camera network. He played his cards well; he helped to decode the names of the camera, made a small demo of a software Abby needed. She liked it, so she transferred some money this afternoon to his account covering 30 per cent of a software that might or
John was looking at him intently.
"You just follow my orders so we can promise your only son is going to live. It's not that difficult, is it?" There was silence at the other side of the line and James smiled widely, "I suppose you have my four play boys?"
John, who was looking the scene whilst fighting a giggle, shook his head at the DI. "It's just Sherlock, Greg... not a poisonous insect." He added, positioning himself behind Sherlock and, with a firm grip, he took the detective's upper arms, making him face his bedroom's door.
as he called it. All of the movies in one night, John himself had fallen asleep at the last one.
"I know you noticed in the alley..." At Sherlock's words, John released a gulp of air restrained in his lungs "...how hard I was back then."
"On one condition." John placed his hands on his hips, turning completely to Lestrade, still this smile plastered on his face. "First interesting case after this one is ours. No Donovan. No Anderson."
Sherlock deleted the conversation as well and saved the phone in his jacket. He took a deep breath; his mind was working again like a rocket about to explode and, perhaps for the first time, his mind showed him a world with no John Watson around.
"Seriously?" John asked raising his voice, taking a hand to his lips, in a very uncommon gesture. Sherlock had to fight the urge to laugh out loud. John was playing his part in the game as well. "Sherlock, what are going to do if anything happens? How do we come back?" asked a mildly scared doctor grabbing lightly the front collar of Sherlock's coat. Sherlock had amused eyes, little wrinkles forming around them involuntarily, but he grabbed John's hand in his coat, following their little joke. They really had to fight the urge to laugh.
John snorted. That's why the girl had been getting closer and closer to him, sure thing, hearing all those attributes from Sherlock had raised her hopes up.
"But... I thought... I mean... not even on the phone... when you called me
He couldn't protect Sherlock and that nearly cost him both of their lives.
"You are getting weaker, dear brother."
“Yes.” Sherlock cleared his throat, composing himself visibly. He looked down and saw John’s oily hands holding his. Sherlock’s hands were huge, John’s hands were small. Efficient. Different. Surprisingly soft. “Sorry. Just-”
But Chloe Hilton sighed and let her head fall back. “Is that it, Mr Holmes? Of course, I have! I have, yes. I’m not an idiot.” She looked at Sherlock and placed her left hand on his chest. Surprisingly, Sherlock didn’t attempt to remove it. “I don’t want to believe it, though. Whenever I think about it, I can’t believe it.”
“Abby? Old girlfriend?”
"What?"
"It's all right, John. Just..."
sent at 04:01.
Sherlock lifted his gaze, he knew John was still a bit upset about
“Because Abby Slaney is going to come here in an hour... more or less.”
Sherlock tried to block out his mind for a bit, nearly dozing off. As soon as he did that the image of John was in his mind. He clenched his jaw at the inappropriate thoughts of the night before. His mind was in order, yes, but his body wasn't, apparently.
“Listen,” he said. Sherlock moved closer.
"The freaks?"
"My name is Armand."
John felt a knot inside his stomach and flinched visibly. Sherlock got closer to him again. "…imagine then, that I bring her to
It was past two in the morning and John read those texts with awe on his way back home inside the cab. He had managed to sneak out earlier, buying the supplies in the supermarket nearby. Then he had returned to the hospital and had been there until this late hour.
"You sure?" John gave him a side glance from his newspaper. He smiled gently at the expression of the detective.
detective,” Sherlock corrected.
Armand froze. His lips were no longer kissing him, Sherlock just felt hot blows of air at his neck; the man was panting. After a couple of seconds, Armand withdrew slowly from the detective, sitting back on the chair in front of Sherlock. His lips were parted, still seeking for air, his cheeks flushed. He ran his hand over his forehead taking a few locks of hair that fell over it and stared at Sherlock.
"Are you okay?"
“Craig?”
... The detective smirked at John's silence.
matter and should not be discussed with people outside the family." Sherlock's voice was serious and deep... but soft. John hadn't heard this tone often. And giving the situation at hand, he found it extremely cautious and even a little insecure.
“Like you’re succeeding,” Sherlock sighed, in a low rumble.
“When?”
“Yes.” She looked at John and sighed again, giving up, her arms falling to her sides. “Look, I never thought it was going to be relevant. I’m…” Sherlock made a gesture for her to continue, but she seemed hesitant.
Silence.
"It's her daughter, John! It was obvious!"
"They heard about a person's black market, but they don't know anything about the hot line company."
“Even edible oils.”
With the position they were now in, Sherlock's breathing was right on John's neck and shoulder. John thought painfully about the layer of clothing between his skin and Sherlock's mouth, but soon he shook his head, hard, still panting, trying to discard those thoughts.
"What's wrong?" Sarah asked concerned and amused. She had never seen John's mood switch so quickly when they were dating, she visualised him as a quiet and pacific man, utterly serious, with bit of a temper even, but also with a light sense of humour.
"Oh." Sherlock pressed F5 key again.
And after that, Sherlock had complied to everything this morning; he had allowed John to take his temperature, blood pressure and oxygen saturometry. He had eaten a normal meal – finally – and then he even drank tea. John found it really odd at first but then he decided just to enjoy it and not give it extreme thought. It was not like Sherlock never do this kind of things once in a while anyway.
he never fails."
"Everything? First, have you eaten today?"
person.
“Only if I was a woman?”
"Molly, I know John asked you take care of my meals. But you don't have to force it, you know."
“I didn’t even know those existed,” John laughed.
"Help!" Was the only answer from the doctor. Lestrade opened the door quietly, only to find John spread all over the floor; Sherlock was sitting over John's stomach, straddling his torso. He was laughing and his head waved a little, in a semi conscious state.
“Because her provider just texted her to.” At John’s look of astonishment, Sherlock took out another phone - old and used going by the discolouration of the cover - from his jacket pocket and waved it a bit before tossing it at John’s lap. John snorted and shook his head in surprise and disbelief when he read the message there:
John opened lazy eyes to find the glow of the screen in front of him bothering his pupils. His head was tilted in a very uncomfortable position over something very hard at his right. When he turned his head, he was able to see Sherlock deeply asleep; his head was tilted back and his face had a peaceful expression. John was mesmerised. He’d never had the chance to see his flatmate so out of his usual composure. One would think that, with more than a year of cohabitation, you’d see your partner like this often, well you would, but not if you have Sherlock Holmes as such.
Soon he heard steps and saw a silhouette of a tall, thin man, long hair in a pony tail. In less than a second he was over the man, straddling him against the cold floor, the collar of the man's jacket grabbed in the detective’s hands. Sherlock demanded answers through clenched teeth, his voice reduced to a growl in a low volume. Who was he? Why was he being followed? He demanded to know about the cab and the brick from this morning... but there were no answers, the man was nothing but mute.
you...?" Sherlock looked at him intently; John had the kettle in his hand and shook his head as he poured some water in the cups. "I really want my cup of tea, and you're not giving it to me."
“I know that’s not everything, detective.” Sherlock’s smirk was smug. He couldn’t help it. “When is Wilson Hargreave coming up?”
“Of course there is, but Abby Slaney should be showing up any minute, and I have something more important in mind now,” Sherlock said, taking photos of various works. John was doing the same until Sherlock turned around and gave him an unexpected once-over. He cleared his throat and asked in an unusually small voice. “You alright?”
“Maybe it’s already dry.”
will do." Lestrade sounded worried now.
“Well,” Sherlock replied, his voice almost a purr. “You know where this is supposed to lead.”
“I should've done this before,” John whispered and cleared his throat. There was a moment before Sherlock turned in John’s arms. He felt them around his waist and then John’s face was buried against his chest. “I’m sorry I didn’t.”
"No. I mean, you actually saved the girl because you care…" Sherlock smirked, staring at John's hands moving by his injury, in silence. John felt there was something missing in the conversation and added "…and I am upset because you barely take care of yourself."
via the camera in the kitchen – Elsie pouring herself a drink and walking upstairs. A couple of thuds let them know she had discarded her shoes. Laughter told them she was talking to Chloe.
"And this is where Mr. Holmes lives?"
he informed us about sound sensors, so thank you very much." Lestrade nodded at Sherlock’s words, "It seems they keep an eye on the canal, so if we go round it at the opposite side, we might be able to get there, quietly".
what I see.”
"Sherlock." John turned to look at him and Sherlock tilted his head even further, his ear almost over John's shoulder. "If we continue this, people will talk, you know." The detective moved his eyes to John and smirked with a light frown. John's lips curved into a small smile. They were really close now. "You know, you and me, in the dark, talking into each other's ears..."
Armand was petrified looking at the scene in front. He just shook his head with a smile, heart still racing for the shock. Yes. It was the same than reading the blog.
Sherlock lifted his arm, removing his hand from over his trousers and cupped John's face, shaking, apparently still in dream land. He turned John’s face until their lips brushed. Sherlock let out a moan against the doctor's mouth.
"Ah! Now I know why you’ve never heard of them. They are amazing,
Sherlock released John's hand and smiled at him. Again, the smile made John's heart ache for a second. What was wrong with Sherlock? He couldn't put his finger on the feeling or the reaction he got from the other man, but he was quite sure he had to find out, it was all too much. He never expected Sherlock would kiss his hand like that, there was so much concern, so much regret, so much gratefulness, so many emotions in the way Sherlock was acting towards him these days that he had to find out what was going on. Soon.
received at 13:12.
sometimes?
they would also fit.
ingested. The quantity was still unknown.
He looked different from the spa, his muscular body on display with the tight uniform of NSY, nothing like the man who was working with John.
"Text... from older Holmes."
He shook his head. He was spending way too much time with him. He was shocked when the word
John couldn't move his grin out of his face as he cleaned the wound, Sherlock hissed at the touch, making John look up, all the way from Sherlock's arm to his face, his eyes inevitably dancing along the rest of Sherlock's exposed body. The pale flesh, the lightly formed abs a little lower, the brownish nipples, the sharp collarbones... everything there, within his reach. By the corner of the eye, he could tell Sherlock was following his gaze, so he quickly turned his attention back to Sherlock's arm and made a worried face.
“I tried to make her fall in love with me again. I…” Abby sighed. “I threatened her to expose her past to Chloe if she didn’t cooperate with me. I was poisoning Chloe with PIEDRA, hoping for the tachycardia and stomach acid to take over, but Elsie perfected the formula so that wouldn’t happen anymore. I tried testing with the clients but none of you had the after-effects, not even the tea!”
"Dio sia con voi, amico mio." He muttered as he took his jacket and started to pace to his restaurant. The first thing he did was to take off the little sign praying "
"Yes! Yes, we do. There is something I uh... need to recall from the nightmare and for that, I need you to do exactly what you did last night."
Sherlock smirked again, the same gesture John had come to get so used to when Sherlock found a new challenge. He placed the cup on the table. This time, the deduction was not spoken frantically like he was accustomed to; it was calmed, his voice throaty and low.
"So he is not dead, then."
Sherlock tried to recover as much air as he could, trying to make his voice to sound as normal as possible. "Do you want this, John? Do you want to penetrate me?"
"I am going to leave. I'll be a lawyer in another country, I don't know. I will gather power and when the time is the right one, I will come back and stand up in front of my father."
even more than before. He wanted to be the only responsible of John's feelings, not a response of a stimulus that he they had built together but this time built by Sherlock alone.
"What happened to the lab?" John asked, never leaving his firm position, still looking and taking in every detail of the surroundings. The canal was not that far away now, John noted that it was closed by a little dam made of stones and concrete, he also observed, at the distance, a red sign with white letters and another sign with a skull with two bones crossed below.
He also was fully conscious about the way John felt and John's feelings. It wasn't the same; Sherlock didn't feel the need to be closer to the doctor at all times and, even if he had to admit that every time they were close the changes in his body were evident, he knew he wasn't the same person John was. John needed the closeness. John needed to be touched and touch all the same.
"I think... that... this is the most stupid thing we've ever...
But, for being such an unpredictable man, he could also tell what Sherlock liked or hated. And he was very aware that the relationship he – now, maybe always – had with Sherlock wasn't a normal one. He could clearly see himself living, perhaps forever, with him... but holding hands whilst walking in the park... was something certainly not destined to happen. Going home and receive a warm kiss and a hug welcoming him wasn't happening either. Taking off early in the morning, with Sherlock in an apron making waffles and wishing him good luck, wasn't happening either. The sole image of that could make John
"John." Sherlock frowned but John smiled up at him. It was an innocent smile, a secure smile, the doctor's eyebrows were up. It was a smile that would
“Is that what it is, then? An international operation that came right into your hands by one Miss Hilton? Isn’t that much of a coincidence?” John left the spoon on his empty plate as he took a glass of juice.
"I have the records of every text I’ve had with Xavier, some mails, some documents of money transfers... you might find them useful... and I just erased our phone call, it was an mp3... the phone is unlocked."
"I know. I've read your blog enough. Man! I can't wait to meet him too!"
he noticed. He looked at them by the corner of his eye;
John was left to pant and gasp at Sherlock's ministration on his neck, and rapidly he felt his jumper being pulled over his head, he lifted his arms to help and soon was being kissed again, Sherlock's slender fingers worked over the buttons of his shirt and he pulled it over his shoulders, Sherlock walked forward making John walk backwards to his room, tossing the shirt near the sofa on the process. The door was open so they just went through it, still with lips on John's neck and jaw, he gave a quick glance at the darkened room, noticing John had been there at how tidy it was, he smirked. He was about to turn on the light of his end table but he decided against it. The light entering by the window was enough.
"So, you like Sherlock, then?" Sherlock asked amused.
received at 15:22.
"No, no. Sherlock. It's not about the other day... it's just..." John stared down at his cup of tea and sighed, heavily and tiredly. "I was so upset today. And then you were there, and everything was right..." John straightened his back and said, firmly "Okay, I'll just say it. It bothered me so much the bloke calling you a freak, it always does. Even when that...
John woke up early, there was this huge grin on his face as he opened his eyes, a hand going up to scratch his eyes a bit, he moved then his palm to his forehead.
from Abby’s office. It was clearly a photo taken aiming to be unnoticed. Sherlock’s hand was trembling a bit so he retrieved it quickly from John’s face.
"The Turner's..." Sherlock muttered, "The painting?"
At the Diogenes' Club, Mycroft rubbed his temples slowly, a man sitting in front was talking to him about the case of the Yard. He had to admit; he was bored as hell.
"Sorry," John said, smiling amused at himself, "I was... just thinking."
First thing they had to do, according to Sherlock, was to go to the port to check out that boat. They took a cab and rode for about half an hour. As soon as they got there, the weather got horrible. Even when it was early in the afternoon, it was dark and grey and, being next to the water, the wind felt far chillier than downtown. John turned the collar of his jacket up, zipped it all the way up, and dunked his nose into it. He stuffed his hands in his pockets, safe from the cold.
Rubbing his temples, he lifted his legs to the armrest, making his knees to bend over it. His feet dangled and moved as he tried to get comfortable there.
"I will be waiting for news, Louis." Sherlock said already pacing away.
"I would never ask you that. I want you by my side, I'd be lost without my..." he sighed, "I'd be lost without you, John."
. He tried to suppress it, but he knew he couldn't and he asked himself when did his mind started to have a life on its own. Maybe that's what they called to '
Sherlock's heart, he didn't dare to ask. He felt it like a selfish sentiment.
and took a hold of his playful fingers again. He withdrew his hand quickly and added "...I don't think I need to tell you: if I find any drugs..." John looked around the room and to the mantel, his index finger raised in the air, "...I'll hide your skull and no desert for two weeks." Sherlock lifted his brows quickly.
So I’m hoping we’ll be able to deliver as soon as possible. I say “we” because my dear friend Iriya has been betareading again. Have I ever mentioned how lovely she is?
It was difficult to know if his body was reacting to an aphrodisiac or if it was just his mind being biased, anyway. He was too aware of that topic being completely subjective when John was involved; he felt his body tingling and about to implode.
He felt light when John started to speak behind him, he felt himself loosen up when John reached in front of him and closed his hand over Sherlock’s semi erected penis and started to stroke slowly with one hand, John's other hand moved to his hip, caressing firmly his thigh, back up his stomach, tracing the muscles there. John's firm chest was almost glued to his back with the water falling over them.
From the corner of his eye, Sherlock noticed Martin eyeing him furtively from head to toe, his eyes resting along his middle, and lifted his brows.
me..."
"Dinner, Sherlock. Clothes. Now." He said walking to the kitchen. He gave a light headshake when he noticed that Sherlock had eaten all of his cake but not the sandwich.
"I need to know, John..." Sherlock sat at the border of the bed, besides John, "about what we talked earlier."
Sherlock seemed to calm down a little, he took his left hand off the wall and covered John's hand on his cheek with his own. It wasn't cold like this afternoon –
"Well..." John frowned at his realization: talking with Sherlock about it was a lot easier than he thought, "...he told me that we could get killed... and the homeless gang was his call."
Snorting, John read the entry he was about to post in his blog. He rubbed his temples and suddenly felt a heavy stare over his left shoulder. Somehow, Sherlock had positioned himself behind John and was now reading carefully the contents of the blog with a deep frown. A chill went up John’s spine at the sudden closeness, even though being this close was more than normal for them. His mind snapped back to what he had written:
But his body was still reigning over his mind, now. He needed time to…
investigation. I might have to add that later.”
not his usual speech.
. Sherlock was in his mind palace there, with him on the... sofa.
"I did. My only conclusion was you didn't even know the earth moves around the sun..." John shook his head slowly with a smile, "I still can't believe that."
There was a pause in which all of Sherlock’s body seemed to be frozen. He took a deep breath as his arms came around John again. This was so awfully intimate his hands started to shake. John’s arms were hesitant at first but came around Sherlock once more. He could feel their heartbeats fast against their ribcages.
"And you simply thought I would follow your order? I'm not Lestrade." Sherlock snapped, still supporting himself on the wall. His eyes were still fighting to focus, but he managed to do it on Mycroft's.
"Okay." At the closeness, John saw a little patch emerging from the man's sleeve. John moved his hand from Sherlock's face to his wrist, leaving two nicotine patches at plain sight.
Lestrade laughed again. He was having way too much fun with these guys. Last time it happened, Sherlock was blabbing nonstop about the car that backfired,
"Oh..." John let out a shaky whisper when Sherlock got closer. He placed his palms at both sides of John over the bed and crawled over him, their chests touched, and after some movement, they were almost on the middle of the bed, Sherlock still between John's legs, who supported his heels at the edge.
He opened his eyes with a frustrated groan and got up. He walked to the shower, taking his time there. Half an hour later he was fully dressed in the living room, checking his email. Gladly, he found one from Lestrade.
“Lay. Face down.” John sounded professional, detached. The warmth he radiated the night before was almost completely gone.
“And my whole soul…” John’s reflection was getting closer to his own face, those lips next to his ear. He held his breath as he felt something akin to lava flowing up his body. He moved his hand a little faster and his hips thrust in his own fist. John’s hand was completely curled around his hip now, encouraging him to move, with his thumb almost over his bare buttock.
"Sherlock...!" John smiled wide in disbelieve, "hell...! We've even..."
Kissing back and trying to get some control, he nibbled Sherlock's lower lip and they found themselves moving from the spot they were, John guided Sherlock to a wall almost outside the kitchen and pinned him there, trying to kiss him slower but it was nearly impossible. Suddenly Sherlock parted their faces a little and started a rhythmic kissing; a parting of lips, tilted his head to the other side and kissed him again, only opening his mouth and closing it back over John's. With the same rhythmic movement, he lowered his head to John's neck, kissing his left, then his right, moving to a collarbone, nibbling, licking, tilting his head again and repeating the process on the other side.
John thought for a moment about putting his arms around Sherlock, just like as Sherlock had done a couple of years back with himself. But for John, the cards weren’t over the table just yet. He wanted to ask more, like how/when/where did Sherlock get those scars? How long were they infected and why? Were all of them done by the same people? Where did that long one finish? The people who did this, were they all dead? Hell, they better be.
"He can't get the last codes... he's waiting for Lestrade but he has no answer yet... don't worry, he'll be fine."
"And I promise," John gasped out between his laughter, "I could use some of that lotion Mrs. Hudson gave us." They laughed shortly this time, "Okay..." he added, clearing his throat, "remind me to do so..." John sighed, this grin still over his face, there was a little pause and he looked at the ceiling, with another sigh, "God! I'm so tired. I'm so glad you came."
Thank your for the kudos and the comments in the previous chapter! Let me know what you think about this chapter, too! Ideas and suggestions are pretty welcome!
**..**
, you’re amazing and great! I appreciate your insights, beta-reading, comments and advice. Thank you, dear!
Sherlock smiled and kept his stare on the card. Soon, a door was heard and the flat remained in a very deep silence for a long time. The light was dim and the rain outside was finally subsiding. Armand watched intently at the detective, taking in every little detail of his ethereal form. He was obsessed with the long fingers playing with the card, the cheekbones, the eyes, the parted lips mumbling the code 'o, two, one...', the curls... his eyes then moved lower, he noted the way he had three buttons opened in the front of his blue shirt, the prominent collarbones...
sent at 04:15.
If they hadn’t been as close as they were, John wouldn’t have noticed the change in Sherlock’s eyes nor him taking a gulp of air, clearly about to retort when John’s eyes got wide and he lifted his index finger close to Sherlock’s face saying as firmly as he could and trying to suppress a laugh, “Not a word.” He cleared his throat and continued, “Go on, then; Elsie was living in America, let me guess: Wisconsin?”
He turned on the bed and allowed a tear to fall, it wasn't invisible as the others, it was a real, wet one. He noticed that after those words left his lips he indeed felt with a weight off from his shoulders. Images of the detective, of the moments they shared started to float free around his head, Sherlock's voice, Sherlock's touch, Sherlock's warmth.
"Of course, I am one of the few that does this round. There aren't many cabs that come this far."
“The picture on the jar,” John said, clearly amused now. He had relaxed a bit after all the tension but he was still exhausted. “There was… a black… hol – circle, in it. Printed. In the label.” He couldn’t help but laugh at Sherlock’s lost expression. “Sherlock, it said it was water-based…” As he explained, he could see now that Sherlock understood; his eyes were huge and he blinked a couple of times. “…long durability, sweet strawberry taste, doesn’t stain the undergarments, latex-toys friendly and… and it said, and I quote,
As he talked, Sherlock's eyes opened quickly again, "The laptops!" he snapped, his right leg moving immediately over John's, trying to walk away from the couch to the desk.
"I certainly hope you didn't write
The bold man snorted and Mycroft frowned lightly "Come on, Mycroft! I'm your friend, you don't have to be flirty to gain information, you know..." Mycroft smiled gently at him with a tilt of his head, but inside he was a totally different story, "no, we didn't steal it."
Then John frowned because he had the strange impulse to go and ruffle Sherlock’s hair. He also noticed a gold card with the Slaney’s Spa logo sitting on the desk next to Sherlock’s chair.
"You're right, dear... I'm just worrying too much. I will bring you boys some cakes from the cafe later in the evening." She said standing up and walking to the door.
"Nope. No!" John's elevated voice again, "I told you: it was just a misunderstanding! His back was sore and I just..."
"Yes. I wanted to know if uh... the pituitary gland... as an organ can get- I mean, you're a doctor."
"Was it really necessary to stage up a whole..." John waved his hands in the air, shutting down a little his voice, "seduction display in front of a stranger just...!"
After that, there was no response. Angry-John? On the other hand, was John without a signal? Improbable; he appeared online.
“Thank you,” was Sherlock’s soft response. John frowned to his own reflection. What the hell…?
John lifted an eyebrow and furrowed his lips to the side, "okay, you're not the one
"Obviously."
"Shut up." John withdrew his hand reluctantly and smiled against his will. "Off to bed, Sherlock."
He opened a door slowly; Mrs. Hudson was nowhere to be found. He remembered the time when they had her as a hostage waiting for him. He assumed the story would repeat so, from nowhere, he grabbed a can of pepper spray and hid it inside his sleeve.
"Why are you asking me all of this? Why do you care?" Sherlock changed positions so he could see John now, but he was still lazily sprawled on the sofa, papers still in hand "You're asking me that since the first day we're living together..."
"A spider! What the hell...?"
"It is." '
John stopped for a microsecond, his eyes roaming from curls to toes. Sherlock felt so naked that he also stopped walking. But it was over soon when John spoke.
John opened big surprised eyes, his gaze up to glare at Sherlock. "Why!"
were completely erased from the detective's profile. Sherlock cared, on his own way, but he cared. Those out there were the real sociopaths, scratch that: psychopaths.
He really regretted, perhaps for the fifth time today, not to release his body needs in the shower this morning.
Sherlock was quick to stand but John grabbed his upper arm firmly.
John sighed and threw his head back at the chair, he was exasperated. His hair was wet, he needed a shower and a hot tea... and he really wasn't following this overly dramatic detective.
"I… I don't think I follow…" John tilted his head a bit with a light frown, very curious now.
. Unless Sherlock lifted at least one eyebrow he wasn’t going to answer whatever this was. He walked to the fridge to take the chicken broth.
When Sherlock was leaving the spa, he came face to face with a man; six feet tall, between thirty-six and thirty-nine years old, light-brown hair, amicable smile, golden-brown skin, well-kept stubble and brown eyes.
received at 20:03.
about his little brother...
text sent at 02:34.
John knew why Mycroft wanted to talk with Sherlock. Even he had thought the withdrawal from the case had been way too easy; Sherlock never gave up a case so easily. All it was needed was a petition from Lestrade and he had complied right away. The doctor knew, even when thinking about that would do him no good, but knowing Sherlock was now talking with his brother pained him to no extents. He felt the need to protect the younger man, even in the case with Irene, even when it was tearing him inside, he had told Sherlock that she was alive and under a witness protection program, just not to see him suffer. That time, little red John had told him to say that, meanwhile little white John had told him to tell him the truth; Sherlock is a grown up man, he
"Are you threatening us?" Again, Sherlock spoke through his teeth, anger evident in his voice.
“You’re angry.”
. He placed the kit over the table and prepared tea, getting a cup for himself. He also placed the five cans back into the fridge.
“All the paths point to the States,” John sighed, taking his own phone and waving it at Sherlock, “There’s more in the recording. I didn’t think this was relevant to the case until you told me that grass bit, but I recorded it anyway.” He tapped the play button and Sherlock listened intently.
“John, the camera only photographs the upper part of the torso. So there’s no need to…”
“Sorry, gentlemen, I need to make sure my customer is alright.” She stood up. “I’ll be right back.”
“Right.”
"You?" John curved his lips up in an awkward smile, waiting for Mycroft to talk. He knew the Holmes' brothers were alike at some very rare aspects; the ability to get exasperated at some gestures being one of them.
"How is your flatmate, by the way?" She asked, her face and voice giving away her discomfort "Still chasing criminals around town?"
. That was actually his first thought when reading the entry. He wanted to comment that, but the rumours around them were already strong enough... not that he minded, but John did. Instead he commented in his usually humorous, sarcastic tone, mocking John's writing skills:
"They record the conversations..." John thought aloud and then looking at Sherlock he added "...that's why they cut off the conversation with the woman when you asked about the exotic fantasies."
After that, Sherlock had been so apologetically
"We're not going." Sherlock answered immediately. "You can go, why the hell would they want
"Look, Sherlock... if you say the painting is there, how could we miss that?" Lestrade didn't comment on Sherlock's face at his question, he quickly added, "and by
John..." Sherlock gasped out as he came, stilling over the doctor. He moved his finger out and collapsed over him, he felt John kissing his cheek, muttering how much he loved him, how fantastic he was.
Sherlock turned around and saw the woman's chin and lower lip trembling lightly.
that’s outside my door? There’s also an
And John wasn't asking for anything. He wasn't asking for anything more than he could give. John wasn't like The Woman. John didn't need to try and seduce him to be with him, he didn't have to disguise himself by no using a disguise at all. He just let himself being scanned, because he had nothing to hide... and most importantly, John didn't do what Sherlock wanted him to do, John just followed what he believed was right and even if he had to step over Sherlock, he would still do it, no second thoughts.
"Yes."
"What! What, what, WHAT!" James took off his headphones again and threw them across the room. Soon he was chuckling and rubbing his temples. "Very clever Mr. Holmes... very clever
"I feel things even when I see your picture in the newspaper..."
"Depends..."
At the airport John mentally checked everything he had to do; the things they talked about earlier this morning and what was needed to solve the case. He had to go to The Netherlands, talk to the DI when he got there, check the corpse, interview the suspect... and think like Sherlock as much as possible to gather the information they needed. He tried to practice a bit as he waited in the customers’ line.
Sherlock smiled to himself, a bitter smile as he thought about that. It was true at the end; feelings and current moods give people a different perspective of the same fact. That time with John next to him, the stars were beautiful and he went as far as to comment about it, making John smile.
As he kept on walking to the Diogenes Club, he noticed someone was following him, a cosh hanging from his belt. He could be a police officer undercover but the face wasn't known. Sherlock turned into a corner and he heard the steps and the cosh hitting some part of the jeans of the tall man as he walked. Sherlock gave another turn and found a confined space between a ladder and a wall. He couldn't help a smirk as his mind flashed the feeling of John next to him, trapped between his body and the wall.
With slow and tired movements, he tossed his jacket to his chair. The night wasn't chilly as usual but he felt the flat freezing at the item’s loss. He walked then to Sherlock's room, knocked a couple of times and let himself enter at the lack of response; the bed was a mess and the closet was open, completely disarranged. Sighing, he pulled the sheets off the bed and arranged them quickly, used to it already by the military service. In less than two minutes the bed was completely tided up. He moved then to the closet, picked up a couple of jeans from the floor and groaned, taking all of the items in an armful and placing them inside the closet, barely closing it since he placed a big wool blanket at the top. He smiled to himself at the thought of Sherlock opening the closet and all of the fabrics falling over him, if his calculation was correct, the blanket should land somewhere on Sherlock's stomach or chest. That would teach him to be more organized, alright. After a quick nod to the closet with a childish smile playing on his lips, he went back to the kitchen. The minimal physical exercise helped him to warm up a little.
Mrs Hudson laughed. Tea was almost finished. They were three songs in already.
“What for?” Abby frowned, but she passed a small paper from her desk to Craig.
"No... no, you're right... I'm..."
"What? No! No, no. We're not-" John sighed and made and exasperated shrug at the ceiling, it was his favourite place to search for patience after all. "Just... yeah, please go and wake him." He added with the most gentle smile he could find in his mental face-muscles' map.
He was drained and happy at the same time and of course a bit shocked by the coldness of the case. Happy because they were able, with Armand's help, to stop the black market; a case he couldn't post on the blog, even when he thought at first that Irene's case was far more complicated since it threatened national security. Was this case so important? Last thing he knew this afternoon was about the bust they had to do at the port thanks to the dates on the laptops’ files. But the case was now under the status of
The detective smirked at him as he hailed a cab, once John got in Sherlock couldn't help but reach for the other man. John gave him his hand and it slipped through Sherlock's fingers. The taller man felt something go up and down inside his stomach, he told himself that he shouldn't be worried about John. Immediately after he thought how he really should be paying extra attention at the actions his body was doing without his mind's permission.
John frowned as he watched the pair. Sherlock looked at ease and relaxed despite being in the middle of a case. This new version of Sherlock made him feel disoriented and a bit alienated at times. Like having the fanciful version of Sherlock he had prayed for before, when they were just good friends sharing adventures and a flat.
"I want you to penetrate me, John" he said, his eyes still closed, Sherlock's face completely lost in pleasure, "I want to feel your cock ravishing me. I want you to come inside me-"
"Oh, so it must be hanging from your shoulders with just... two... thin strings, am I right?" he said incredibly slow. He was, after all, an incredible actor.
“Sherlock Holmes would never lay hands on a victim,” he said to her and then to Sherlock, “I’ll let you know what’s going on as soon as I have news!” There was a pause in which Elsie started to cry again. “I’ll leave her in your hands, Doctor Watson! I’ve called an ambulance!”
"Sherlock…" John lifted one of his hands and positioned it on Sherlock's cheek. John was astonished at how the gesture felt so natural, but he didn't care anymore. They couldn't be seen right now and even if they were, he could care less. "I can take care of myself, you don't have to worry about me, okay?"
And the iceman – nickname that Mycroft had somehow held in the solitude of his mind – felt how Sherlock's voice had an undertone of hope, every time, and probably every year '
Sherlock smiled; his face showed openly how pleased he was with himself and with John's compliment.
And Sherlock
"In the kitchen." He had to clear his throat again.
"Lestrade, shut up!" Sherlock's scream was muffled by the pillow. "You're making my mind palace to fall! Into little... small... tiny pieces!"
Better not give it so much thought. He turned the shower on and quickly stripped his clothes off, tossing his slippers near the sink. His robe followed, shirt, trousers, pants... and he stopped. He had been feeling something out of place from the beginning, but never imagined what it was. He had come. Sleeping. Dreaming... about... John Watson.
"Where are you going?" Greg yelled, jogging a bit to where Anderson watched the scene exasperated. Lestrade passed the card to the criminalist and caught up with John and Sherlock, "Sherlock!"
a chemical reaction; he had seen it in other people, The Woman, for example. And it had proven to be very dangerous for the power it held in the mind of the individual experiencing it.
They walked back home in the dark, taking a different path than the one they usually took.
"What did he tell to you?" Sherlock asked with a frown, lightly tilting his head to his left, to John.
“Well… not in those terms, but yes.” Sherlock looked back down at the slide and added, “I declined, obviously.”
"Yeah, try telling that to the drunken
"I hope not…" he whispered.
"Mm?"
Sherlock turned his screen off and looked outside the bathroom as he spoke.
you with her eyes! Don't tell me you don't want to try…" John muttered.
"When our eyes met, I felt that I was growing pale. A curious instinct of terror came over me. I knew that I had come face to face with someone whose mere personality was so fascinating that, if I allowed it to do so, it would absorb my whole nature, my whole soul, my very art itself."
', [Lips] '
“I sent a text last night and one of my colleagues took care of it. I assume I won’t be a therapist anymore?”
Sherlock continued his exploration through John's body. He kissed his navel and smelled again, he was fascinated how, being the same body, the smell remained essentially the same but the intensity was different. His nose brushed the hairs below it and he inhaled hard as he moved his hands to the waistband. Sherlock's heart was crazy inside his chest and his breathing was heavy, even his hands were a bit shaky now, even when apparently he was still under control. He didn't want to lose control like last night now, when he could barely remember and control his own body, he wanted to be in charge.
"Good!" James chuckled a bit, "remember to lower your voice, it's got to sound..." he gestured with his hands, as if Phillip was watching, "insanely sexy."
“Ah. That’s my line.” John smiled and indicated with his face to the generality of Sherlock’s person as he took another photo of a receipt.
John, still dazed of his orgasm, kissed Sherlock's jaw, neck, ears and his hands moved to Sherlock's hips, making him increase his pressure and speed. He was sore, the spot between his thighs and buttocks hurt like hell but he didn't care. Of course he felt that after his orgasm, suddenly conscious that he was extremely sore all over, including down there where Sherlock continued moving his finger in and out.
“As an imperfect actor on the stage, who with his fear is put besides his part…” Sherlock’s voice was barely a breathy whisper, his lungs were feeling completely empty.
He aligned his head to the rest of his body and the soft curls next to him brushed his cheek, tickling a little, making him give a short snort. At the movement of his neck, he realized how his fingers were still on Sherlock's nape; the detective's face was buried between his shoulder and a cushion, an arm was poking him near the ribs and the other hand on his waist, in between the jumper and the shirt, maybe seeking for warmth since it was a cold morning.
"John." Sherlock said tilting his head further. "Did I ever thank you for uh... that thing at the pool. You were willing to give your life for me... that was uhm... really..." John smiled at the detective's loss of words.
! What's Lestrade doing here at our home?"
**..**
"I want to know if I succeeded seducing you, on the phone." Sherlock was staring at John intently and John couldn't trust his voice. Even if he were prepared, never seriously considered Sherlock approaching the issue so soon and so bluntly.
"John?" Lestrade asked.
"I do." Armand tapped the back of his hand in a nervous gesture, he lifted his brows and chewed on his lower lip. He eyed around the flat and got even closer to John, sitting at the edge of the chair. "I think it's a passional crime" he whispered finally.
a massage.”
“Glad you’re finally catching up.”
..." John cleared his throat once more, placed the empty cup in front of Sherlock's forgotten one and crossed his arms above his chest, defiantly, "...were you touching yourself last night?"
“What are you doing?”
Sherlock was glad the laptop was covering his groin, even though he was sure his galloping heart was giving him away.
Suddenly, he was staring into two deep, pale eyes. At some point, Sherlock had opened his eyes and now he was staring back, his expression unchanged. They didn't share a word for a long time as they stared into each other's eyes.
"What would you
"Now, how did you exactly try to wake me up?" Sherlock tilted his head back; it was all just like last night but now it was under a completely different context. John smiled to himself. How unfair life can be.
So John darted his brows up, but didn't say a word, Sherlock swallowed his mouthful and continued. "That time I told you about Mycroft. You must know, John, my brother's brain works like mine. His deduction's skills are impeccable. But I reckon telling you; he is also too lazy to follow a lead. He would prefer to be seen as mistaken before going out to the field to prove he's right..."
"John... come for me..." he said in a very low voice, "I want to see you come..." he added as he kept on stroking. John snapped his eyes open at that phrase.
“Hm? Who?” Sherlock turned to look at John, and gave him a quick once-over, something that lately he found he did way too much. John didn’t seem to mind or notice, but to Sherlock, it was obvious yet irresistible. Each time he turned and really found John entering the flat – one of his favourites sights – he couldn’t help the smile, his eyes dancing from John’s shoes, knees, strong thighs, torso, neck, lips, nose, eyes, and the lovely –
No… well…
now?" John took a sip from his new cup of tea.
“But I recommend you to shave that beard before you do.”
Sherlock took the violin again, turned to the window, and resumed the gipsy melody he was playing before. After a couple of seconds trying to put some order in his mind, John finally asked: "Sherlock...the bloody hell was that about...?"
"Mycroft?" John stared at Sherlock in disbelieve. Sherlock just walked closer to John.
The shower turned off and he froze. He gave a last look to himself and realized that his cock was still emerging from his body almost gracefully. He coughed against his will. Just how long was he standing there just holding the door handle?
"Now what?" John asked. The wind was strong too, so he had to raise his voice to be heard by the taller man next to him.
"Well John," Sherlock's facial expression was between a suppressed laugh, a grin and a smirk. All at once, John smiled just by looking at him, "today I met a lovely lady who was waiting for her son. I'm a gentleman you know, so I kindly offered to take his place... each passing day, sons are more and more unattached to their mothers, it's a shame!" but Sherlock's smiling face said otherwise.
John had to suppress a shiver as he remembered Sherlock's voice and words but there, in the cafe, with the sun light, it was a bit clearer. Sherlock was asking to keep his eyes fixed on him, to observe him, to observe that. Then he asked a favour, to take the phone call as a note. For his own sake, just the same way John had asked a favour in front of Sherlock's grave.
Take last week for example, when John had almost fallen from a broken chair in Elsie Patrick’s garden and Sherlock had caught him in front of their client, almost bridal style, and Sherlock had said in almost a whisper, “
Sherlock sat in the middle of John's bed in his usual homey-attire; a dark red robe, white shirt and dark suit trousers, bare feet. His slippers rested next to John's bed. Several piles of books were pilled around him over the bed. The possessions John treasured. Those medical books had been the only things he had asked Harry to send over from his parent's home.
"Greg, please. This is not, and for second time,
Just then John realised the enormity of the implication of what he had just said and the way Sherlock could have read into it. Just when he was about to try and clarify, the corners of Sherlock’s mouth went down and he nodded once.
Sherlock supported his forehead on the tiles in front along with his fists, he was panting heavily, the water was falling over his head and John's voice resonated against his shoulder blades; Sherlock felt the texture of the unshaven face at the middle of them.
There, the older Holmes' brother told John how the gang had been his idea, that he couldn't let him get closer than he already was to Sherlock... all in all, Mycroft was trying to protect his
“I wouldn’t miss you for the world,” Sherlock answered and, even in the middle of a stunt, it was a very honest answer anyway. Because the
Received at 5:26
“Sherlock,” John said with his Captain Watson voice. “Look. I told you, yesterday. I don’t mind if I have to…” He inhaled quickly through his nose, his eyes were burning into Sherlock’s, his mouth was set and his tone was dangerously clipped. Sherlock already knew how to recognise this: John didn’t like a change when he had already set his mind. “Look, if this case is already getting ridiculous – because it has – I’m going to go along with it. If the gathering of information this time means I’m massaging you, so be it. Lay down and enjoy it. I’m not holding back unless you hate it.”
"It may be..." the older Holmes darted his brows up, never taking his eyes from Armand "And it
"Were you really sleeping? You weren't snoring..."
"Do what?"
"No! I really think it's quite brilliant!"
"What? Why me?"
When Sherlock was done with the books, he arranged the sheets of the bed. John was still dozing off at the edge of it; his head fell to the front, it darted up again and fell back down rapidly. Sherlock shook lightly the doctor's shoulder, his arms with five books that had captured his attention. Psychology wasn't his forte and he didn't want to it be, but some of the books had the topic of natural released drugs, topic that lately had made its way into his mind palace.
This time John fell flat on his behind.
John paused. He frowned and his lips moved into a quick smirk, an audible snort making the air go out from his lungs. His hand stopped right before he could start a stroke.
Sherlock smirked and started typing again, muttering something John couldn't quite understand but sounded suspiciously like
, his hands moved then to John's chest, he touched lightly his nipples and brushed the sandy hair there.
"Much. Thank you." Mycroft stood up as well and walked to the door, Phillip followed.
“Well?” John prompted, “What do you think?”
“I thought about suing, but I needed 70 decibels or more to do so,” Sherlock explained, his face mock-serious.
"I’m not sure... but I thought supplies for therapies were more... expensive."
of this now..." John tried to calm himself.
“Do you really think Elsie is not cheating?” John asked. Sherlock sighed.
John’s internal voice urged him to leave Sherlock alone, to go and wait for him with the Constable guarding the front door. He even knew the bloke - Miller was his middle name - they could even spend the time chatting. But he walked a few steps closer instead, approaching the bathroom. The adrenaline felt like an invitation, like all those years ago.
"Ah. Yeah. Sure." John rolled his eyes as he moved the first aid kit.
Sherlock knelt next to the sleepy figure and touched the thighs, he bent his head lower and kissed the back of them, again, it was all soap smell and, as he reached more intimate zones the smell became earthy and wild and Sherlock found himself burying his nose between both thighs and he kissed, bit and licked John's buttock.
Mrs Hudson’s steps on the stairs were slower than years ago, but they were just as firm and energetic as always. The bathroom had no windows, the only light that came in was through the frosted glass door to Sherlock’s bedroom.
, as they called Sherlock, could be in any way better than them... or all of them together for that matter. He moved his jaw in an indecisive gesture, he watched as Sherlock talked to John and for some reason, they were laughing; John bent over a little with one of his fists over his lips, he saw how Sherlock turned his face to the doctor and there was a big grin over his face. He seemed carefree, maybe too carefree for a man who had so many people against him. Maybe they were all rowing to the same destination; Sherlock and John, Mycroft as the face of the government, and himself as the face of the Yard, but it was not easy if at some point of the way, all of the oars were trying to prove themselves which one was faster and more effective. As he kept on thinking, his gaze fell on some point behind Sally's head, her voice bringing him back "Sir." she repeated. The DI shook his head quickly before fixing his eyes on hers.
“I need…” Sherlock was on his knees checking below that chair, he also had a cotton swab from his gown and was rubbing it against the chair even though apparently there was absolutely nothing on it.
"You seriously are a pain in the behind now."
to his mind. So it wasn't impossible that the great mind had focused on one source of stimulation to create this wet dream fantasy. Actually, that little nagging voice left him a bit down. The second voice was more like a fangirl; it reminded John of all those comments he had to delete from his blog. All of them going in the line of
down to Mrs. Hudson." Sherlock glared at him. "That was quite... amazing." He whispered. Sherlock's expression changed to a satisfied smile.
With a loud sigh he made his way to the bathroom.
“Are you okay?” Sherlock asked.
"There is still a question pendant between us."
; the tone he usually wore when something was going on, and he had to figure it out quickly. The tone which predicted a long night of
As soon as John stopped his massage and asked that question, Sherlock opened his eyes. He was about to make a quick scan on John but a command stopped him, making him really snap out of it.
That expression, the raw want he saw right there, was his last straw. All of his thoughts about redeeming himself, of the selfishness that was there in his brain, constantly nagging him, were forgotten and replaced by a genuine desire to make Sherlock feel good.
Sherlock stretched on the couch and regretted it immediately; the blanket slid to the floor and he could feel the chilly air all over his torso. It felt as if he’d been thrown a bucket with cold water; his shirt was wet - not dripping wet - but still, the contact with the cool air, without the blanket on, gave him chills up his spine. He tilted his neck slowly, the movement made him aware of the bad position he had been sleeping in. Still half asleep, he heard a vibrating noise over the coffee table. His eyes got bigger when he saw it was a text from Lestrade.
Sherlock felt when they both were close, he moved over John again, pressing their erections together and reached down, behind John's balls with his hand. John opened wide eyes and shivered in anticipation. Sherlock moved his finger on his entrance, circling, he pushed the tip of his finger inside, much like that one time. John groaned loudly as he felt the dry intrusion but he encouraged pressing Sherlock's body closer to his own with his legs. Fuck, he wanted it, he wanted it badly and Sherlock knew it.
After the first complicated words had left his lips, he couldn't stop. He swallowed his tears and told Ella that he had been a fool, that Sherlock was right all along believing he was stupid, because he really, really was.
"Wow, that's awesome!" the detective said, his voice held a rehearsed surprise tone.
"And John? Well Johnny boy is the brighter part of you now. Your... little... heart. You let him control you because he lets you control him. Isn't it beautiful?"
“I never thought you’d actually sign up for the full-body massage,” John stated as soon as Sherlock was inside the white room. He was putting on his white coat and holding a white towel. “Take off your clothes behind that screen,” he continued loudly as he passed Sherlock the towel, he meant to be heard from the hallway, “You can keep your pants on if you’d rather. Put this towel around your middle and lay on the stretcher, face down, I’m going to grab the oils. I’ll be back in a tick.”
There was a small pause in which John seemed as if he was going to fly and disappear on the spot, but then as always, he surprised Sherlock. He looked like a man throwing all caution to the wind; he removed his hand from Sherlock’s grip, slid both hands up on Sherlock’s torso, letting his fingertips almost graze his nipples as he whispered, very serious and looking right into Sherlock’s eyes, “Then don’t.”
A soft moan was heard over the phone and Sherlock smirked. He didn't feel anything at the noise. It was just that:
. It was too late to go back, now. Sherlock’s eyes narrowed and seemed to scan his face for a couple of seconds, searching for something John couldn’t grasp and then, as if making a great decision, he stood up from his chair and muttered:
sent at 13:16.
“That might not be a good idea, right now,” Sherlock said, his voice muffled by his arm. There was clearly mirth in his tone and John had to come closer to hear.
There was a short pause in which John closed his eyes and threw his head back, supporting it on the shoulder he found on the way.
“I’m going to be forty-two in a couple of months,” John muttered now behind the papers.
“Relax,” John said, firmly. Only then Sherlock noticed that his hands were tightly closed on his sides and that he had been holding his breath. “Breathe,” he added.
When their eyes met John had to gulp. His eyes went soft around the edges and a gush of air left his lungs. He couldn’t take his eyes away from his friend looking back at him with hunger, with lust. It was an expression he never thought he would ever see.
“Check my back. Your right hand should be able to reach my left pocket from behind,” Sherlock’s voice was still low and soft despite the soundproofed room. But he couldn’t help it. “Your left arm should be visible in the recording.”
'. A code that only the three of them would know about.
"Sofa." The detective said, never taking his eyes from the card.
“I did?” Disbelief in John’s words,
As if someone had hit the reset button John’s mind came suddenly back online and facts slowly started to realign themselves: building ideas, ideas that made sense..
“No,” Sherlock said immediately, an automatic denial, “Just...”
“You must be doing something right,” She smiled, standing to collect the plates and carry them over to the sink. “Though I must say,” She said back over her shoulder, “I’m not sure how you’ve found time to meet someone around all those hours you’re working.”
“You’re still making me dizzy.”
“How long have you been using?” John asks instead,
Fish out bag, abandon in haphazard pile against the side of the sink.
“And she doesn’t have a green ladder?” Lestrade.
“Are you?”” Lestrade started, “You’re not…?”
Despite the fact that he must have known that it was coming, a significant amount of the colour drained from the man’s face as the name was spoken.
John is hurrying to an appointment when he rounds a bend and walks full pelt into a stranger. A stranger carrying coffee.
“That was the code? Or that was what was happening?”
John can’t help but huff out a quiet laugh,
“Jubilee line, I guess. As far as Baker Street. Then the Bakerloo.”
“She’s not answering her phone.”
“Two hours.”
“Is your inner ear made of steel? I’m getting dizzy just watching you.”
She smiled triumphantly.
“You never get the door.” Lestrade said.
Quick warning for some dark themes implied ahead.
“I can and I will. A few scattered incidents of barely cognitive consciousness,”
“Oh, not this case,” Sherlock says flippantly.
“Why would I do that?” John asks. He can’t help but feel the conversation is falling down a tangent.
This one really does take John by surprise.
John drops his eyes from the man in order to look inward at his memories instead.
John’s mouth seems to be talking without his brain’s input, more verbal ticks than actual words.
“You can predict that now?”
“I don’t like to wait in busy stations,”
“There’s been another.” As expected, it was Lestrade’s voice on the other end.
Sherlock takes an awkward step forward and John can’t help but smile slightly.
“I like your…” John said moving his hands in a vague gesture around his body in an effort to signal the tinsel that was currently wound around her neck,
“I’m sorry?” She asks him.
“No,”
“Oh,” Sherlock has drawn the conclusions before John has even finished the prologue.
“Is that you in the hall?” Called Mrs Hudson, sounding distracted, “Can you get the door?”
“I thought you might.”
“And you have no family...?”
“Yes.” John repeats, more to himself than to this man.
“The ward?”
“Why would I say that?”
Lestrade’s mouth fell open to argue but seemingly got stuck, instead he dropped his gaze to look at the article again, as if something were falling into place.
A woman peeled away from the pack, coming toward them.
“I thought I came close once. Then you jumped off a roof.”
“…have barely noticed I’ve gone” John finishes for him. If he’s honest John has barely thought about them since he sat down, he finds himself wondering about their reaction if he were to ditch them unceremoniously and leave with someone. A man.
He pauses.
For the most part he’d kept himself busy, allowing himself to be washed away by the tide of the work: the rounds, the paperwork, the slide show of faces: doctors, patients, nurses. But now his shift was over and instead of changing, instead of collecting his things and wishing his colleagues goodbye as he limped his quiet way from the building, instead he was sitting very still in the corner of the staff break room, concentrating hard on a dark smudge on the opposite wall and willing the memories not to come.
“No dear,”
“Molly.”
“Because you loved me. That’s not uncomplicated.”
“Sherlock,” He whispers.
A pause, then:
“What makes you so sure?” Lestrade asked.
“You could have just picked up the phone.” John says, a slight slant of a smile as he recalls the time he had said that to Sherlock before.
“The old you would have known that.” He said, sing-song.
“You don’t need to be a detective to deduce that.”
“What do you think then Sherlock?” Mrs Hudson asked, calling back to him from the sitting room, “There’s another bedroom upstairs,” She said, and he gave her a look, “If you’ll be needing two bedrooms?” She continued.
“The list?”
“Can we give him something to calm him down?” The green-eyed nurse asks,
“He’s watching now isn’t he?!” John’s words are heavy with anger, “He’s waiting in the bushes somewhere. To jump up out and yell: ‘
“Molly?” Sherlock asked, unable to care that there was a quiver in his voice. “I’m looking for Dr Molly Hooper?” He asked one of the masked figures randomly.
“I don’t need a cult.”
“What do I owe you?” John asked, searching for his wallet as Angelo handed him his jacket,
“We asked you to…”
He left the letter for another time.
“I don’t know!” In the face of interrogation John’s voice has grown louder, more to cover his fear than to convey his anger.
“Knowing that you were out there, it gave me faith, in people, probably for the first time. I let them in. I made… friends.” He got stuck a little on the word.
John looked at her.
“Yes,” Sherlock’s voice is cool and deep, somehow perfectly befitting the rather theatrical bearing of his features. “It’s good to meet you,” He says as Angelo presents John’s date to him.
Sherlock seems to know this. His eyes cut away from John again.
“I didn’t want to see that.”
say.” Sherlock almost hums in response.
“Of course we have evidence, it’s right there.”
“Well, a bit different from my day,” John says,
“Dear Jim.” Moriarty’s voice had gone high and sing-song: “Please will you fix it for me to get rid of my nasty landlady…”
“Well do you?” Sherlock asks
“I’d been asleep a long time…”
“Yes.”
Then John looked at the bookcases again.
“You’ve spoken to the cleaner?” He asked finally.
But hadn’t Mike said they’d never visited him?
“If you ever need a blogger…” John starts playfully,
“…quite honestly Gerrard you really must stop confirming my suspicions that the lot of you are just as incompetent as I always suspected…”
“Mary,”
“He may,” Sherlock finishes what he’s typing and replaces his phone in his coat, fixing John in a cool stare, “But it’s unlikely.”
“So you’re not an actor?” John asks, probably a little bluntly,
Then he sweeps from the room.
“But not me?” There’s a note of petulance in his tone.
“He killed himself.” Sherlock answers the question John hadn’t been able to answer. Hadn’t known he was going to ask. “He made it necessary.”
“Well yes.” The man says with amusement, “She’s my eyes.” He finishes with a smile, his sightless stare giving the gesture a vague quality.
“The middle?”
“Wrong?”
I haven’t told you enough about how it feels to be me. Seeing you. You are beauty to me.
“I’m feeling a little…” John’s tongue is thick.
“Yes.” There’s something like a pleased smile on his face. “But don’t worry, she will have forgotten.”
He stopped writing to John.
“I didn’t make you come up here.” John says firmly.
All of a sudden the stranger’s gaze seems to get caught on something he sees outside the window beside them. John doesn’t have chance to respond before the stranger has leapt to his feet.
“Detective.” The stranger confirms with a brisk nod, “Consulting.” He adds.
I'm the first person to admit that I’m not very good at this.
“Not long till Easter,”
“You don’t smoke.” Sherlock said assuredly.
The artificial room created by the drawn curtains seems suddenly over-crowded.
Sherlock’s gaze shifts: “I’m not sure.”
“Hm?”
“I guess so.”
John stops, studying the man in front of him, a smile on his lips. He’s imagining the times to come, the life that stretches out ahead of them: of stillness and Sussex and summer afternoons. Days at the side of this incredible, confusing, thrilling figure of a man, the wonders that have become his life these last thirty years.
“Which is it – Afghanistan or Iraq?” The stranger doesn’t raise his eyes from the screen as he returns to the original topic.
“Molly, hi!” The man that opened the front door hadn’t changed much since the last time Sherlock had seen him, a few more pounds around the middle perhaps. “And you brought friends.” Mike continued, in a slightly less bright tone.
“Sherlock.”
“Yes,” John pauses, wondering if there will ever be a time when he isn’t surprised by the weight of the things Sherlock knows “How did you…?”
“We need to know everything she does about ‘M’,”
“Yes, 13
“I did,”
She doesn’t reply, just reaches out to pat his hand on the bedclothes. John can feel the ghost of other fingers there, gripping.
“But you didn’t believe me when I kissed you.”
“Stop it.” John repeats.
John can’t respond.
“Car.”
“My thoughts exactly.” Sherlock pauses, “However people seem to demand a certain level of sensationalism…”
“Fine thank you” Sherlock looks at him with an air of impatience. “Worry will only be counterproductive to extracting any useful information from the man.”
The patient he is addressing is an older man, sitting perched on the side of the bed as if about to topple off it. A weathered looking golden retriever is sitting obediently at his side.
“Emotional ones?” John asks
“Something to do with the detective thing?”
“In the lodger’s room.”
When John gets chance to look in again an hour later the bed is empty. Somehow he’s not surprised.
“Look, sorry,” John decides after a few moments, turning back with a tight smile, “Let’s just ignore that whole bit shall we?”
“But you aren’t from there.” Sherlock says, a statement not a question.
This time there is a grin on John’s face as he closes the gap between them, mouths fitting together with tenderness and familiarity. That remembered passion bubbling just under the surface.
“It’s Doctor actually, but…” John is so lost in the conversation that it doesn’t seem fitting to begin to unravel it.
Sherlock’s open mouth freezes.
“Interesting choice of recreation.” John counters.
“No limp?”
“I suppose not.” There’s a half smile on Sherlock’s face as he responds, acquainted by now with the strange nuances of John’s dreaming.
“What the hell have you done to me Sherlock?” John asks, a slow smile on his face, he’s not quite sure what he’s referring to. The question can be applied in so many ways.
“Yes!” Molly cried at the same time the nurse said,
“You found this?” He asked, with not an insignificant amount of new admiration.
“I know what you’re like.”
It is at this point that the catering trolley pushes alongside them in the aisle. The stranger’s attention is immediately pulled away from John’s gaping incomprehension.
“But you like her?”
“Well that would be because they wouldn’t want to risk you jumping.”
“Tomorrow’s your day off?” She asked and he nodded slowly, once, “Perhaps it’s a good time to… If there is someone? To go see them?” She caught his eye, “For me. I’d like to know that you’ll do that. That you’ll go.”
“Yes, at my home. Written from someone calling themselves John,”
I love you all.
“Not my blood.”
“So, what I’m thinking is,” Lestrade kept on, “Why did she and the boyfriend fall out about a job she no longer had?”
Moriarty didn’t respond, just turned to place his cup and saucer very carefully on the surface beside him.
“You don’t have a… medical concern you want to talk about?” John asks.
“She wasn’t.”
“You like it then? London?” John asked, clearing his throat of the confessions he’d made.
“‘She’ being the victim?” Lestrade.
“A limp?” John asks confused.
“I said: you’re not a suspect.” The man continues,
She smiled back faintly, then turned to the nurse behind the reception desk.
“How can they not be linked? You kissed me. You got into bed with me. More than once. We, we…” John comes to a halt in front of his own lack of words.
“You mean why the two years?”
He lay silent for a long time, regulating his breathing and staring up at the ceiling in an effort to extinguish the panic. The air in the room was heavy and liquid, threatening to drown.
“Thanks,” John lifted it high as Mike took his seat. “A toast.”
The moment Mike said it he stopped, awkwardly. It seemed to have become some unwritten rule with them that they didn’t mention the army, or anything that had come with it. Mike had just broken that rule.
The man is turned away from him, staring down at the street below, dark hair above a long winter coat, flapping nauseatingly in the wind.
His phone pinged in his pocket and he pulled it free, the text conversation he’d started in the cab still open on the screen. His message had been read, sent to the number provided on the card:
“And you’re going to refer to her as Dr Hooper all evening?”
“You were worried.”
“Leeds.” John can’t help but smile. “Did you not deduce that?”
“And you’re keeping an eye on your wallet.”
“You hope?”
“So do I,” John says, meeting his eye, “Shame this isn’t the Edinburgh train.”
The conversation had abruptly taken a turn he couldn’t handle: from the calm of the hospital corridor to the battleground in the blink of an eye. His mind was immediately back on the field; the sand, the shouts, the blood, as vivid as any of the flashbacks he’d had when he’d first started working there. He had to shake his head to clear it.
“You like to be needed?”
In all the time he’d spent in this building since he’d moved out, he’d not once climbed these stairs. He’d always wondered about those rooms at the top, his thoughts inevitably straying to the way they had been: the wallpaper, the way the daylight sliced through the front windows, the feel of the cushion on his chair at the small of his back. But he’d never actually had the nerve to navigate the creaking floorboards of the stairs themselves.
The stranger turns to look at him properly for the first time, John has to limp forward to him to hand it over.
“Sherlock?” John says cutting off the man’s mental preparations.
As one the two men turn to look at him and John finds he can only really think to smile in response, a little bashful of his complete redundancy up until this point.
“Erm,” John repeats, eloquent as always “What is?”
“Admit it then”
Sherlock contemplated the words for a few moments. Look after his home? He wondered, looking back up the stairs toward his flat. Moving boxes were still visible at the top.
John was left alone to contemplate the absolute impossibility of his current situation.
“Thank you,” Angelo gives John his attention for a briefest moment before going back to the woman sitting opposite him, obviously expecting her to speak.
“Touch me.”
“I don’t believe in coincidences.” Sherlock tells him calmly.
“Why’s that?” Lestrade.
But Sherlock pushes back. Mouth and tongue and hands as he walks John confidently backward.
Molly clearly wasn’t placated with the answer, she pressed on.
“Oh.” Sherlock stopped, that had been the extent of his plan.
“You haven’t answered my question.” John.
It was all a dream.
“Petulance doesn’t suit you.”
“You don’t need me to ‘come down the station’ or anything?”
“An interesting possibility,” Sherlock said thoughtfully, seemingly impressed that John had raised something he’d not thought of. “But probably unlikely…” He concluded.
She’d been with her sister for a few days.
“I’m not sure.” John replies, but is aware that the words have stopped meaning anything. He’s no longer concerned with the sounds from his mouth, only the past remembered image of the person in front of him. A dark shirt: open at the collar, dark curls, pale eyes flashing in the streetlamp glow of the London night.
“You wouldn’t, I’m the only one in the world.”
“Yes.”
“Trade’s been a bit slow recently.” The owner tells the man, busying himself with finding the keys behind him, “But thank God for the demon hound!”
“If he were here he’d tell you he worries.”
Finding what he was looking for John immediately caught the arm of a harried looking blonde nurse walking by.
John sits alone in a crowd on the platform. Waiting.
“Yes.”
“Those aren’t the reasons.”
Sherlock nodded. “Is he awake?” He asked,
Since that day he’d been too busy at the hospital to do much further research and he’d not tried too hard to find the time, mainly because, as he realised now, he’d not quite believed the claim in the first place.
“And you’re telling me that because?”
John has opened his mouth to inform her that he isn’t actually that way inclined, but he quickly realises that this bit of information probably wouldn’t change anything.
“No,” Lestrade agreed with an annoyingly knowing smile. “What made you decide to come?”
“But you are attempting to relate to me?”
“Afraid of M. I would be, if I were him. Someone like that. They know their stuff. And they’ve killed before,”
Soho.
Why did they waste so much time talking?
Then his eyes flick back up to Sherlock properly.
John is overwhelmed by the memories of sobbing, though a phone.
“Right,” John says, unconvinced.
“Yes.”
“You caught that killer yet?” She asked, the same breezy tone, very different subject matter.
Mr Osborne took a deep breath and flicked his gaze down to his hands in his lap.
“You didn’t go away,”
Then he read the note again.
“I never guess,”
Sherlock turns his pale gaze on him. Eyes narrowed in confusion. “But we’ve barely scratched the surface.”
“Right.”
“Correct,”
“Are you taking me somewhere?” The patient in the bed finally spoke,
“I don’t remember.” John replies, as if to remind him.
“Didn’t exactly work?”
“Apt however,”
“Yes.”
Remembers lying a tangled heap on the sofa, sated. Sherlock suddenly beginning to writhe, attempting to contort his naked body half trapped beneath John and peer at the sole of his own foot.
“Good idea John, you can tell her.”
“Seems unlikely,” Lestrade points out, John can only watch.
Sherlock made it to the hallway and checked the desk. Nothing. He started back up the stairs again.
“I’ll leave you boys to talk,” She says, reaching her cheek up to Sherlock automatically as she passes him and smiling slightly as he kisses it with practised ease. Witnessing it John is reminded of the weeks she’s had to become adjusted to his presence again, the weeks he’s missed.
“That I got help from Mycroft? No. Perhaps it wasn’t quite the usual way”
The man doesn’t reply. John presses on.
“Asleep, yes.”
“About?”
“You did.”
“I’m sorry John.” Sherlock says heavily. John stares back at him, feeling the thrum in his head intensify a little.
He turns suddenly and rushes upstairs: feet on the floorboards.
“I know you like serial killers…” Lestrade pointed out.
John can’t help but smile, perhaps this was this strange man’s way of attempting to spare John’s feelings by changing the subject – back to himself.
“You keep…” John starts, eyes still closed.
“One my mother gave me.”
Sherlock actually smiles.
“They are here.” John points out.
“You’re right.”
Stunned John lets out a short breath, sinking back into the sofa that seems to have miraculously found its way behind his knees. As he sits he realises that he’s still clutching the photo that Sherlock had been studying previously. It is of his wedding day. John and Mary standing beaming before a crowd of equally euphoric looking people. John is the happiest of all, looking as if he’s just won the lottery; his arm looped protectively around the waist of his beautiful new wife. Who has pink hair.
“And I met you at home.” John tells him.
“Six?”
John swallows.
“Just got here.” She acknowledged with a smile, pausing to take in his face. He had no idea what she was reading there and she didn’t comment on it. “So which is it?” She asked instead.
“You didn’t get many visitors,”
John’s face was calm in the drug-induced sleep, but there were creases across his forehead that Sherlock didn’t think he’d seen before. From pain? He wondered. Worry?
John ignores it and moves over the sink, running water into the empty mugs to rinse them.
“But you go,” John insisted, “It might take me a few minutes to find what I’m looking for and I wouldn’t want to keep you…”
“Can I have that in writing?” John cuts in lightly.
And Sherlock comes alive again – pressing forward. Ducking down. Capturing John’s lips with renewed vigour and twisting until they are laying full length on the sofa. Limbs tangled. Mouths joined. Hands and fingers and tongues. Bodies pressed close, hips beginning to grind. The upsurge of desire and stuttered breaths and catching teeth making John’s head spin.
“I’m genuinely interested,”
“How tedious,” Sherlock says, almost to himself.
“Victim is male, mid-thirties, blunt force trauma to the head…”
“If you’re going to tell me more details I don’t think I want to hear them.” John cuts him off.
“Don’t we all?” He asked.
“You’re interesting”
“Why?”
“Thanks,” John says, smiling and moving forward to the fridge, “I think I will.” He retrieves a bottle and opens it, before turning back toward the sitting room. “Probably what I need if they want me to be more ‘
“Never heard of it.”
“I need a cup of tea.”
“Yes.”
“She liked to see you wear it.” Sherlock says.
John was pacing the corridor of 221, up and down. His footfalls were heavy and desperate, his chest rising and falling as if he’d just climbed eight flights of stairs.
“But why now?” John asks.
“We’ve been through this before.” Sherlock repeats John’s earlier statement.
“He moved out,” She said and at the same time Sherlock’s phone pinged loudly in his pocket with an incoming text. “I did tell you…”
A weighted pause.
“And I can find you online?” Sherlock asks, “If I find myself in need of a blogger?”
Sherlock mumbled something incoherent at him in response,
“Thanks.” The man offers back with sarcasm.
“It was obvious,” He said as he wiped his feet angrily on the mat.
“15 degrees on Valentines Day, can’t be London,” Molly said as John tipped his head to catch the February sun on his face.
“But…” John’s mouth hangs opens for a second. ”You’re an idiot Sherlock! You have no idea!”
“Well anyway, yeah,” Mike recovered, “I was thinking of having another party. No barbecue this time. Just some friends, at mine. Be great if you could come. Molly’ll be there.”
“No.” A stilted pause, “Neither have the nurses.”
“You’ve never even been to the flat in Baker Street.”
Sherlock regards him levelly for a few moments, eyes narrowed. John gets the strange sensation that he knows as well as John the magnitude of this action, the choice that’s been made and possibly, what comes next. But of course he can’t, John’s not told him this; he’s kept this particular reality close.
“Hampstead.” John offers, realising the rest of the journey will be a boring one if he decides to take offense,
“I had something important to do,” Sherlock was striding toward him across the front lawn of a plain suburban house. A small gaggle of police officers were congregated outside, a few in hi-vis jackets.
“Thank you,” John says in answer.
“Height, weight, experience, time, concentration, strength…” Sherlock continues, still a noticeable slur on the final word.
“How is that relevant?” John asks him, giving up.
Sherlock’s eyebrows raised,
Sherlock returns it slowly.
“I’m heading out of town.” Sherlock lied.
“But,” John sighs, “I guess it’s also about money; care isn’t cheap.”
Sherlock is dead and he is standing in the doorway. Still patient. Waiting.
“I think...” Sherlock started, thoughts passing rapidly behind his eyes: abstract ideas, unspecified alternative options.
He was firmly not looking at the writing desk, desperate for it to be empty, willing the note to be gone, but unable to check in case it wouldn’t be found. It had to be found, had to be taken, to be read.
“Yes?”
“Yes,” Velvet smooth. “Why?”
“I look forward to it,” Angelo was unaware of John’s anxiety, “What can I get you to drink?” He asked then jumped back in before John could reply. “Let me get a candle for the table; more romantic,”
“So, he made it necessary that you die? But not him?”
“Sherlock.” John snaps.
“Yes well.” Sherlock scoffed. “I didn’t say I was any good at it.” He smiled at her, wanly.
“Yes, owed me a favour.”
John peers back at the photograph, forcing himself to ignore the figure in the white dress and focusing instead upon the green. He has to bring the photograph up to his face to study it, distant as she is.
And the small room behind.
John can only stand and watch.
As he watched she called a quick request to the nurse beside her, putting out a gloved hand. It was only when the desired instrument was not handed over that she looked up from her work, first at the nurse and then in the direction the nurse was looking: right at Sherlock.
Mike Stamford’s house was, on the surface, a rather unassuming brick terrace in a suburb of south west London. That was until you realised that in this suburb of south west London unassuming brick terraces sold for more than most could expect to earn in a lifetime.
“My receptionist, Karen, she…?” John asks,
“Well, no, probably…” The man started to reply, Sherlock doesn’t let him.
“It wasn’t your fault.”
“About him not being dead?”
“Stop talking about the crockery.”
“Yes, even in my dreams you know more than me.” John says, as if recounting a fond memory.
“You climbed into bed with me.”
“Sherlock,” Angelo continues as he reaches them. “This,” He says for emphasis “This is the lady I’ve been telling you about!”
“Thank you,” He laughed, bashful in the face of such generosity, then he opened the door wider to let them through.
“No, no, a human… Someone from the past.” John chuckled, looking down at his own lunch. “I’m not explaining myself very well,”
John read it and looked around again; at the gloom of the hallway, at the stairs he’d climbed a hundred times, at the writing desk he’d barely acknowledged until the day he’d moved out.
“Perhaps we could skip the introductions?”
“Just,” Sherlock’s voice softens marginally, “Just describe it to me. What happened before this conversation?”
“Not good at getting a hint are you?”
“Good point.”
John can only look at him, before turning back to Lestrade: “Going back to the point for a moment, what does he believe?”
“No,” John replies, “It wasn’t then. It was…” John gets stuck, “We were… We were older. You were talking about retiring.”
“Because I wasn’t alone. I was trying to push you away. Your life was in danger.”
“Of course,” She smiled and took it from him, “I’ll put it in the desk for him,”
“Now.” Moran continues, “Tell me the truth.”
“I’m sorry?”
The previous tenant had always been “him” when Mrs Hudson had been talking about him, she’d only ever used his name once, but it wasn’t one that you would forget in a hurry.
“I was there,” She said, “When you were injured.”
“You’re not close to your family.” This time it’s not a question,
“But that can’t be the only reason?” John continues,
“That I came back?”
“There’s someone asking for you in reception.” The nurse said shortly, taken aback by his tone.
“She has no where else she might have gone in London?”
In one swift motion John is on his feet. Crossing the room and grabbing at that figure in the doorway. The way he should have last night. The way he couldn’t. The way he wished he had.
“I’m not sure. I thought, perhaps, I’d write them up. Some sort of book. Stories. Like the blog.”
“Yes.” John agrees “Need an appendix taken out?”
The kind of person I am, you’d think I’d prefer to face things head on: my fears for example. Instead I find this blank piece of paper so much less intimating than saying this out loud. That deducing look on your face as I spoke always had the power to stop my words, even as I was about to speak them.
“You can’t say that!” Sherlock is becoming animated.
She considered him.
“That this is a young man’s game John,” Sherlock’s eyes are full of an unidentifiable emotion, “I’m getting tired of playing it.”
“Oh!” A bright smile replaced her bland expression, “Hi! Great to have you here finally! I’m Molly,” She rushed, then remembered herself, “Dr Hooper,” She stuck out a hand.
“Look, how could you know?” John starts,
Instead John rushed out into the centre of the empty street, waving desperately at a passing taxi and jumping into the backseat almost before it’d pulled to a complete stop.
“Yes.”
And any possibility that his day might improve is dispelled as swiftly as the kick is executed.
Sherlock still isn’t looking at him.
“Funny how things work out,” John replied, without finding it particularly funny. He took his drink back and took another swig.
“But they’re old cases.”
“Let me get you another drink,” Angelo bustled away.
“We can see that.” Lestrade replied, exasperated.
“With them?” She shrugged, “Fizzled out. They lost someone, a friend.”
As soon as she passed through the door, Sherlock came from behind, blocking the only entry.
When he attended the drunk driver in the emergency room, families of the other victims had sneaked in. They were all over him. Out of professionalism, he had to calm the crowd with policemen's help. But again, a part of him wanted to kick the crap out of the bloke. Right at that moment, Sherlock's image came to mind, the word
"John…" Sherlock breathed his name and John couldn't move. His lower body responded immediately, what was wrong with him? He was getting painfully aroused by only hearing the way he said his name. "…we need to get out of here before he comes back for us."
He remembered that he had been staring at Sherlock’s chest, stomach and arms for days after that, wondering where that strength came from and whether he did some kind of sport or went to the gym.
John smiled and sat on the coffee table in front of Sherlock with the first aid kit, the piece of fabric was off, so he could take a look at the injury.
"And what diffrn uh..." Sherlock cleared his throat, "What difference does it make whether it was me on the phone or not?" as long as he said the last word he noted that there was something wrong. The same thing had happened with Irene, his tongue had
With lazy movements, he left the bags on the kitchen table and walked upstairs.
"Then perhaps you should do it, you make everything sound insane enough..."
At the Yard, in Lestrade’s office, the DI rubbed his temples with an untouched cup of coffee in front, Donovan sitting right across him, her breathing heavy from the discussion they just had.
“Just half an hour, as you asked,” she replied, waving a can of beans and making a small triumphant sound. John smiled up at her and made a mental note to buy Mrs Hudson that magazine she liked. “My hip is so much better, dear. When this case is over, you
eyes.
"Oh, very much."
**..**
Sighing, he paced to the table in the kitchen and supported his palms over it. He tilted his head down, slowly, feeling at lost. He was aware of Sherlock's reaction last time he touched him... he was also very aware about his own body reactions when touching Sherlock. Okay then, he should do this very quickly; he would go in there, massage his back a little, elongate his spine, he would make sure everything is alright with him and...
received at 15:14.
John moved closer, carefully.
John glared at the camera and Sherlock frowned, still a lost expression, trying to focus his eyes on Lestrade, failing miserably.
Even so, John knew there was something else there. He could sense that Mycroft knew something nor he or Sherlock did. He thought then about Moriarty. Somehow, the idea of Mycroft being conspired with Moriarty gave him the creeps.
"But you enjoyed it."
But John was worried; Sherlock was vocalizing his thoughts and, with the events between him and the detective, Mrs. Hudson's misunderstanding and now Lestrade there...
"Now now, excellent." James Moriarty took off his headphones, he unplugged them from the computer and connected them to a little wireless device as he dialled a number. "Phillip, you know what to do, Johnny boy is sleeping, Sherlock is out, you know where is he heading to?"
"John."
With the new position, Sherlock was able to look at John's back and the spot where a bullet had gone through John's body, down there was a lovely shape of hipbones finding each other and bellow that, John's well formed and firm buttocks. Sherlock, still standing next to the bed, placed his hand and started to touch as calculatingly as he could not to wake John but just enough to give him raw sensations in his sleep. He was fascinated when he saw goose bumps this time on John's back, arms and legs.
“Your hands. They’re trembling now. Oi! You okay?” John touched Sherlock’s forehead and his hand came off damp.
morning,” he said as imperiously as one could with a breathy voice and a nearly open trouser.
Mycroft wasn't moving. His posture on the sofa was casual, almost carefree; his head was thrown over the backrest. Sherlock noticed how he and his brother actually had some things in common, despite being so different. They were brothers after all.
There was a photograph of a group of scientists, all of them with white lab coats on. Below the picture it said
John nodded with a smile.
received at 05:01.
He crawled over John and reached for the drawer of his bedside table. He opened it and searched blindly. He found Mrs. Hudson's bottle of lotion and he almost laughed out loud, despite his aroused state. He let the bottle over the stand and straddled John over the bed at his torso height, his own arousal touching John's stomach. He bended over and inhaled, once again, the scent on John's neck. He couldn't help but kiss there, all the way to John's mouth until he kissed him fully. John slowly started to kiss him back, his movements were lazy and soft, the sliding of tongues was wet and hot, until Sherlock felt John's hands going up to tangle in his hair, and started to pull again, John made Sherlock head to tilt back and their mouths separated with a noise of Sherlock's gasp.
"So you
he snapped mentally. Just exactly, how many times had he laid in bed wondering if he had hurt Sherlock's feelings when he had just met him? One scene after another, the doctor noticed how his mind refused to shut up, it showed in repeat mode some of the most significant moments where Sherlock had let his feeling to surface a bit.
"Each one of the employers has a unique code," Armand spoke looking intently at the detective, "I never really thought so much about it, but you get one the first time you have a call. You introduce the code in the phone you're going to use, just then you can get clients. So, they record the conversation, they follow your progress and then they pay you according the length of the call."
"Boys!" Mrs. Hudson walked upstairs hurriedly; Sherlock was still doing some internet research meanwhile John was in the shower. "You have a..."
As if he could just go around, posting these things for the whole world to read? Without even talking to Sherlock about it first? He regretted what he had written as soon as he watched Sherlock's eyes dancing around the screen.
There was a pause. The silence was heavy. Sherlock’s mind was, for once, in a waiting mode, attuned and waiting for whatever was going to leave John’s wonderful mouth. Within a few milliseconds he realised it was hope.
There was a pause. Sherlock sighed, his eyes fixed outside, his voice almost a whisper. "Nnno."
"The stuff that you wanted to say... but didn't say it."
"There are other cabbies that come here, I'm sure you can contact them. No need to be frightened." The old man shakily scribbled something on a notepad and handed the paper to John, it had three names and their respective phone numbers, "there, you have my number, I'm the first on the list, and the two other men are colleagues of mine. You can call them and tell them you know me."
“I’m fine, I’m just sorry, it was such fine pottery!” Mrs Hudson said. “Oh, I’m so embarrassed!”
"Thing?" John screamed back.
"Sherlock...!" John cut Sherlock off at the middle of the sentence. This really was not the time to talk about the matter, less with Sherlock's poker face as he did so. How could Sherlock talk about such matter just like that? "What is it? The state of what?" John asked.
John's first thought was a very professional medical one:
Sherlock's eyes were still glued to the psychology books out of curiosity. He felt like drowning in those books; there were lots of things he wanted to understand better.
"Mh, I saw those too and thought about the same... well..." she was about to say something else, but they were approached by some colleagues who tot closer to lunch with them. They talked about the patients today, mundane stuff. John was just listening. His mind was plagued with Sherlock's voice, and the things he would be saying if he was listening to this conversation:
