And like clockwork, they meet in the middle for another kiss, until at last, Castiel pants into Dean's mouth about how close he is, and Dean lets him come, lets him splatter a thick streak of white against their stomachs, before twitching inside Castiel.
A chill tarries in the air around them, of the cool December night, a miserable reminder of Dean's impending departure in the morning. As they walk, a silent, mutual understanding flourishes between them, one where Dean knows Castiel has things to say, and Castiel knows Dean has things to say. And yet, neither speaks. Their fingers brush against each other, only for Dean to jerk his hand away at the sparks thrumming under his skin. Castiel mumbles an apology with a blush on his face, and Dean wonders if his face appears as red as well.
"But wait," Sam interjects, and all eyes turn to him, "- if Dean was the one hit by the spell, why is Castiel the one suffering? Isn't Dean the one who should be in pain?"
, to say the least. It's a firm, convicted voice, reaching deep into the depth of Castiel’s flesh. The deep, smooth baritone of his voice causes Castiel to shift on the seat and squeeze his thighs together.
"Oh, erm." The strange alpha took a conflicted step backwards, as if unsure of whether he should address Castiel or not. Castiel, however, for the love of his life, could not stop staring at the alpha in front of him.
Castiel's eyes widen, a deep, pleading expression withing them— it tugs at something inside Dean's chest, punches the breath out of him and draws him in deeper and deeper— absolutely mesmerising, so without another moment wasted, Dean walks over to towards the sheer curtain, and hesitantly, nudges it open. The sight of Castiel, spread out on the bed— calm yet disheveled, with one hand twirling a rose and the other pressed against his stomach has Dean's guts coiling with arousal, but he reminds himself to remain professional and cold, to not give into his urges and his sinful desires— after all, Castiel is a prince, and do what he may, Dean will always remain a knight.
He remembered the faces of his superiors, of Michael and of Uriel, ordering him to infiltrate the demon warehouse. He remembered knowing the warehouse would be empty and opting to lead the way by testing the water alone. He remembered his juniors, how the demons laughed as they slaughtered Castiel's brethren. He remembered the sheer panic that struck his being the moment he realised the demons had laid a trap within which Castiel had fallen head-first. He remembered the Enochian wardings outside the room the demons dragged his bruised, broken body to. And then, the torture started.
so much love, and I can’t begin to tell you how unworthy I am of it. I can’t make you happy, Cas, trust me. I can’t give you what you need. You want someone who can help you up when you fall, and Cas, I
Castiel nodded frantically, and waited as Dean paused his ministrations, only to reach up and loosen the rope binding against Castiel's lips. The moment he did that, however, Castiel let out the loudest whine.
The silhouette of a man floats closer, and Dean notes his shadow grow larger from the corner of his eye, and at last, a hand settles over his shoulder in a fleeting touch.
to him with every passing moment, and Castiel wants to say something, ask him something, but he's paralyzed.
"This feels different, doesn't it? I mean, I know it's you, I can feel it's you, but you're here, and part of me finds it so hard to accept that."
"Hey, hey, no crying sweetheart, you promised, no crying," Dean whispers, and at once, his nose is pressed against Castiel's cheek, lips barely brushing over Castiel's as a sob slips past his lips.
The loud thumping of footsteps nearing and the sound of weight settling against the wall reaches Dean's ears before Blue speaks again.
"What, are you mad because I said your voice goes high?" Green laughs again, prompting Castiel to roll his eyes.
"Beautiful. Sweet. Quiet. Soft. Kind-hearted. Everything I wasn't. If I was loud, she was gentle. If I was childish, she was mature. Obviously, the differences, they pull you in at first, but days go by, and you find yourself despising those differences. Some days her silence— the same one I found endearing, it irked me. Some days, my childishness irked her. And then I was drafted, and we fell apart. I haven't talked to her since, but I don't think I will again. Some things are better left the way they are." Green sighs, and Castiel finds it hard to move from his seat.
Dean sighs, waiting for Blue to finish, but his words remain lost on his tongue and silence fills the air between them, until Blue speaks again, his voice now lower, more hesitant.
"So, you're saying," he starts, fixing Rowena with the same wide-eyed expression he fixed Dean, "-because the witch cursed Dean, Castiel is dying?"
A black button-up blouse with puffed sleeves and a white, lacy hem; a tiny, black frill skirt which fell open when Castiel bent over to pick something up, only showing Dean a clear display of the young man's round, plump ass clad in a thin, sheer lace white pantie which sunk into the crack of his ass; a tiny, white lacy apron tied around his waist, and the best of all, his slender, tanned hairless legs covered in sheer, black netted thigh-high stockings. Dean was reminded, for the first time in months, simply how beautiful Castiel was.
Instead of words spilling off his tongue, however, it's tears spilling down his eyes. And then it gets hard to breathe, hard to see, hard to comprehend anything but Cas, and this time, Dean doesn't hold back. He falls, without any qualms or burdens pushing him down, right into Cas's arms. He squeezes Cas, as tight as he can, and buries his face in Castiel's neck.
Castiel whimpered, eyes slipping shut as Dean ripped the white shirt off his chest, and ran his nails down Castiel's chest, barely grazing past his nipple, before moving down to tear Castiel's trousers open. The sound of fabric ripping filled the room, and piece-by-piece, Dean stripped every layer of clothing from Castiel's tanned, supple body, not sparing his boxers either, which Dean tore apart and tossed behind. The chilled air in the room pricked Castiel's skin, and he felt a shiver wrack his body as the cold seeped into his bones. But there was heat coursing through his body from the shame he felt in those moments, hung from the ceiling— a piece of meat for a demon, bare and naked, with his nipples and his cock twitching, never before had Castiel felt as repulsed by himself than he did in that moment.
Truth be told, his indecision isn't even about what he'll say. He knows how he'll say he’s leaving early, straight and clear, but what bothers him, has him fidgeting and trembling, is the thought of how Castiel will react. He will be upset, no doubt. But he knows Cas is not someone to lash out at people or show his temper. Rather, he’s reticent, someone who urges people to speak about their feelings, while keeping his own locked away. Dean has rarely heard him open up to him, and the times Dean has tried to urge him, Castiel simply digresses from their subject. He pushes down his anger. That's how Castiel is tuned.
"Fuck," he mumbles, and slumps against Dean's broad body, not bothered about the come sticking against their chests as Castiel wraps his arms around Dean's back, forehead falling against Dean's shoulder as he feels a soothing hand run through his hair. His eyes slip shut, and all he can comprehend for the moment, is Dean's voice, a whisper, as he speaks to Castiel.
Dean finds himself speechless, not for the first time that day, not for the first time ever, because Castiel
"I tried to be brave for Sammy, but I should have been brave for you too. All this time, you kept thinking you were alone, all this time, you kept thinking you couldn't say anything to anyone, m'so sorry—"
"You look beautiful like this, sweetheart," Dean said after a few moments passed between them. Heavy pants filled the silence, and Castiel looked up at Dean, gasping for air, tears pooling at his eyes.
"Good boy," Dean keened, and Castiel felt his cock throb with the need to be touched. He knew however, Dean wouldn't touch it or even spare it a glance, and with his hands tied, Castiel couldn't reach it either. It hung erect and leaking and slapped against his stomach each time Dean thrust into him. Soon, however, as Castiel felt himself teeter at the edge of the orgasm, and let out a loud, pleading whine, he felt Dean's thrusts turn sporadic, and Dean's grip loosened on his hips.
Mr. Kreschner smiles, all gummy and wide as he claps Castiel on the shoulder. Part of Castiel wants Kreschner to leave him alone, to leave him to mope to himself, to cry, to regret, to brood, but part of him appreciates the empathy Kreschner shows him, especially the silent, mutual understanding lingering between them.
"You're thinking," Dean notes, quite aptly at that, and he steps closer to Castiel, strangely casual as he takes Castiel's hands into his own. His eyes fix onto Castiel with utmost focus, as if nothing else exists in the universe, and even if it did, Dean wouldn't bother about it.
Dean smiles, a gentle, knowing smile, and Castiel finds himself fascinated by the way his cheeks light up with red. He wraps his fingers around the hamburger, which seems to be oozing with butter and spices, and braces himself. He parts his lips, glances up at—
Dean is going to miss this. Miss the buzz of a city, the noise of the people and the cars, even at the most reclusive times in the night. He will miss the chill in the air, the mingled aromas of spices and smoke lingering in the air, and Dean breathes out a staggering breath. A glance forward shows him the garden is empty, save for a man sitting near a tree, clad in a bright yellow cardigan, his head resting against the tree, earphones plugged in.
"Hey, I'm sorry, okay? I didn't mean to sound rude, Cas. It's just... This is hard on both of us, and I know you know that, I'll just, I'll try to be a bit softer. Yeah?" Slender fingers touch the bottom of his chin, urging him to look up, and Castiel gives in at last, unable to resist as he meets Dean's soft eyes, and they share a tender smile.
The words, the voice— they ring through Dean's mind over and over and over again, like a hymn, and at last—
"Mhm, beautiful down here too, sweetheart. Such a pretty, little cockslut," he cooed, and Castiel hissed, head dropping back against Dean's shoulder, ignoring the burn of the rope on his wrists and ankles as he felt Dean's broad, strong arms lift his ass up until his cock brushed against Castiel's taint.
"I, erm, you see—" He started, evidently unsure of himself as he shifted his weight from foot to foot, "-I got a player in my car," His green eyes met Castiel's at last, "-what I'm tryna' say is—"
Dean goes silent. Castiel allows his eyes to flutter open, and they land upon the open window, where the cold December breeze floats inside, the sky a dull gray now
"I felt happy, for the first time in a... in a very long time. But this past week... I haven't been alright, Cas. I know, I know, we said happy memories, but—"
Castiel's sucked in a breath, pushing his face into the pillow underneath him, breathing in the scent of pure
Flustered at being caught, Castiel shakes his head, rubbing his face on his sleeve as he clears his throat, and steadies his breath.
"... So then, we have these huge, buff guys as our trainers, and Benny and I, we were two lanky little sticks,— compared to the others in the group. Luckily, Turner didn't let us give up until we were oozing with pure muscle, so I guess that's why I wouldn't want
Blue laughs, and Dean listens, simply listens to how his laughter resembles that of a child, and how it sounds like melting chocolate in a cup of warm milk, or like a glass of whiskey on a cold, lonely night.
"But then," Castiel started, pulling away from Dean to gaze up at him. Dean wiped a hand over his face, before staring down at Castiel, his eyes twinkling with mirth, "-on Christmas. After I gave you your gift. You stormed out of my house. Why'd you do that?"
Dean groans and doubles over, pressing his palm into his knees as a tear slips down his face, over the thick, jagged scar under his eye, and down his chin. A sob shakes his body, and he squeezes his eyes tight, wringing another stream of tears down his face, chest heaving with a shaky breath.
, spluttering with the thick, white come shooting down his throat, burning like gasoline, and although the taste wasn't altogether as bad as he imagined it to be, the sudden onslaught of it caused him to cough, and Dean pulled back, only to grip Castiel by the throat and pull him up.
Castiel falters. His face flushes with a burning heat, not for the first time that morning, and he fumbles with his words, unsure how he should reply to Dean’s request. He pushes himself off the wall and turns to stare at it for a short moment, blinking his eyes in disbelief at the ease in Dean’s tone, before mumbling in a low voice. “Which one would you like me to read?”
Nevertheless, he brushed his fingers over the ivory railing of the staircase, and step-by-step, one hand on his stomach, descended down the stairs. Without Garth or Dean with him, the manor was empty. Standing in the middle of the foyer, Castiel let his sight wander around the chipped, roughened walls and the cracked, plastered fixtures. Now, devoid of his coat and his gloves, Castiel could feel the prick of the snowy air on his skin more intensely. He let his feet carry him, not having a determined destination to his venturing, and soon enough, found himself walking against the walls of the foyer, studying the broken, battered glass frames hung on them, the few shelves resting against them and the thick, layered dust atop them. On one such shelf, he found a book, and with how muddled it was with dust, it almost faded into the brown wooden tint of the shelf. It was leather-bound, and the moment Castiel flipped its pages open, a cloud of dust burst through the air and he ducked his head away to cough.
Castiel whimpered, and stared up at Dean through hazy, blue eyes, watching as Dean's years of self-control fell through, brick by brick, and at last, he plunged the tip of his cock into Castiel's greedy, quivering soaked hole, watching as the pink flesh dilated around his cock, mesmerised by the way Castiel's hole twitched and tightened— as if it had a mind of its own. Dean held onto Castiel's hipbones, as he bottomed out in one, smooth thrust. He felt a gush of slick drench his cock, and he watched, awed, as slick slipped through the narrow gaps between his cock and Castiel's hole, trickling down the omega's thighs.
A moment later, a familiar husky voice speaks up. "Hey, uhm, it's me, uh, your neighbour. And uh... I just, I wanted to apologize for uhm, interrupting you a while back."
"Oh yes," he moaned, as Dean continued to ruthlessly fuck two fingers into his hole, stretching them, tugging them, crooking them, scissoring them, hitting the right spots inside Castiel that had slick dribbling down his thighs.
Castiel touches his finger to his tongue before flipping through the corners of the pages until he lands on the one he read a few minutes ago.
"Thought I told you already. At eleven." Dean's voice is gruff, and Castiel knows it's not the way he wanted things to go, but he sits up anyway, fidgeting with a fingernail. He doesn’t bother responding to Dean, because, hey, he doesn't have to be
"I'm trying really hard to keep myself together because I don't want to ruin this day for you. But you made a choice. You chose the house, you chose Lawrence, you chose your past because you're scared of what you could have in the future. You want more, you want new things, but you're not willing to give them a chance."
Unable to hold himself back anymore, Dean thrust in one last time, with the strength of a thousand muscles, and felt Castiel twitch under him, his legs trembling as they hovered in the air next to Dean, his hole leaking and his back arching off the bed. Castiel felt his orgasm rip through him, and it burst out in thin streams staining his and Dean's skin, but the euphoria of his orgasm was quickly overshadowed by the feeling of Dean's large, throbbing knot lodging itself inside Castiel's hole.
"Why?" Castiel asks softly, not quite expecting Dean to pick up on the words from across the wall, but he does hear it, and is quick to respond.
before walking over to the stand, holding his instrument up, and resting his chin upon the violin. He runs his bow against the strings, fingers gliding against the neck as he shuts his eyes, and continues playing.
Perhaps, in hindsight, Castiel should have stayed in his own room, instead of being helpless and giving into his mindless urges. He should have staved his urges, and willed himself to mind his own business, to repay Dean's kindness by staying out of Dean's way.
Drop after drop, tears rolls down his face, and Castiel can do nothing but imagine with a heavy heart, the worst of what his lover must have seen out there.
"You say that again," Dean warned, squeezing his arms around Castiel and lifting him off the ground as Castiel yelped, "-I'm gonna' break your teeth."
lay on the seat below him, spread out like Sunday buffet, as he rid himself of his shirt, and ducked down to swipe a tongue over Castiel's navel.
Castiel nosed against Dean's jaw, purring contently, and Dean reached up to caress his pointy, black ear, to which Castiel blushed, and looked away.
"Erhm," Castiel cleared his throat, and sent their coachman a polite smile, who to his credit, had been standing quietly at the corner with his eyes averted and a few suitcases beside him, "-you could keep those out here, mister."
“It’s an easy question, Dean, why didn’t you tell me? You’re leaving. In a week. And you’ve known for a day, or two, I guess. And you were supposed to tell me as soon as you could, because you know how much it would hurt me
The worn-out tone of Green's voice draws Castiel to hitch a breath, and he swallows thick, leaning against the window as he answers.
It's times like these where Castiel aches the most. Times where he knows Dean is hurting, and yet, he finds himself unable to do anything but watch.
Right as Castiel swallows his bite down, Dean digs into his own burger, groaning obscenely, making Castiel laugh. They eat in silence for a few minutes, simply ravishing the taste of the food, before Dean grabs a paper napkin to wipe his fingers and glances up at Castiel, who he catches in the midst of a big bite.
The itch usually accompanied with his heats had finally subdued, all thanks to Dean's insistent finger-fucking and Castiel's orgasm, and yet, his body wanted more, no—
"Men, two of them," A breathy moan escapes Castiel's lips, surprising both Dean and him, and Dean wonders what other noises Castiel is hiding inside him, "-naked and sweaty."
The prolonged silence in the air ends with Dean sighing, and then warm hands slip under Castiel's arms, snaking over to lace within his fingers. But Castiel doesn't meet Dean's eyes. He gulps, and continues to stare at their linked fingers.
It's about ten minutes to five-thirty p.m., and Castiel walks into the kitchen, rummaging through his fridge before grabbing some leftover pie from last night. He cuts up a slice and heats it in the microwave, then walks out into the living room
He walked in further, tip-toeing carefully, dropping his suitcase on the couch and loosening his tie. A soft hum floated from the kitchen into the living room, and Dean paused, having realised at once who the sound belongs to.
Castiel leaked at the tip, his pink cock dripping pre-come against his own volition, as Dean reached a hand up to rub against Castiel's blood-stained nipple.
"And how is it going?" Castiel follows up. He's found being friends with Mr. Kreschner does put him at a bit of an advantage when he's got issues with the rent.
, I love your fingers Dean," Castiel croaks out, and Dean hums, pressing his face into Castiel's stomach, as he continues to pump his fingers alongside Castiel's. A few frantic pumps later, Castiel is pushing Dean's fingers away, eyes narrow with exhaustion as he searches for the bottle of lube and pours some down onto Dean's erect cock, slicking it up with a few strokes, before lifting his hips up and scooting forward. Dean's hands settle at his hips, giving them a soft squeeze before burying his face into the crook of Castiel's neck, kissing up his neck, staining his skin with tears, and Castiel refrains from commenting on it.
"God, I miss her too. It's been what, months? Four months? I saw her picture last week. They really do grow them big in the Winchester family line."
But Castiel was staggering backwards, picking up his feet and stumbling back, away from Dean, as far as possible. Tears obscured his vision, and his chest heaved in deep breaths as he ran, only pausing to gasp for air, reaching a hand out to support himself against a tree as he panted. In his mind, he could see, clear as day, how Dean had leaned in, how he had brushed his lips over Castiel's, how he had pulled Castiel in by the waist.
"M'not naked. Took my shirt off, s'all." Dean mumbles, and feels the familiar brush of Castiel's fingers through his hair.
"Lisa must be looking for you," Castiel croaked out, plucking Dean's arms off his body and turning away, "-You should get back to her."
Sam is alive. He might be alone, but alive at least. And he will pull through. He's always been the stronger one. He'll pull through. Had it been Dean, however, he wouldn't be able to. Which is exactly why Dean is satisfied with the way things are for Sam. And hey, he's got Miracle with him.
And on the morning of the 24th, when Castiel glanced out his window and over to the Winchester's house, he saw pulling into the driveway, a big, black car, Dean's Impala—no, his Baby, and out stepped Lisa, dressed in her finest Christmas dress, and Dean had kissed her before grabbing her hand and guiding her inside.
The maid outfit, erm, it suited Castiel. Dean had no idea why in the world Castiel would wear something as vulgar as that, especially when he was working at
As Castiel changes into his sweats in his bedroom, the itch to ask Dean troubles him all the while, and he tries pushing the thought away, instead focusing on the present, on what he can do with Dean today, but his thoughts keep returning to plague him.
"Well, the second greatest, I guess," Dean added as if on second thought, as he laid a few dollar bills on the glass counter, and Castiel turned to him once again with confusion on his face.
"Samuel, this spell will take me fifteen minutes at the most. I need you and your brother to wait outside," Rowena says, turning back to glance between Dean and Sam. Dean sighs and turns to Sam, who drops his hands down beside him and nods.
Not wanting to prolong the silence between them, and mostly to distract himself, because he knows it's only a matter of a few seconds before he says something he’ll regret, he changes the topic.
"Do you like it?" Dean asked, resting his head against Castiel's shoulder. Castiel smiled, and opened his eyes, once again drinking in the sight of the manor, before reaching up to press his hand over Dean's jaw.
"Some of us," Dean started, grabbing the coffee out of Castiel's hand, "—actually decided to wear long sleeves."
Dean doesn't answer him, only spurring Castiel's tears on, and he presses a hand to the wall, face damp and skin feverish.
The curiosity in the man's voice draws a hearty laugh from Dean, who continues to stuff his face with noodles.
Dean moans, and Castiel lets himself loose, flowing and drifting with the kiss, wherever it takes him, as he drinks in the taste of neat whiskey, paired with that of Dean's lips, and he's sure somewhere in there are tears. His hands cradle Dean's face, and Dean's settle at his hips.
The conviction in Castiel's voice surprises Dean, and he gives Castiel's hand a light squeeze as they continue walking.
It feels as if an anchor drops within Castiel guts. His face falls and his mind fills with fear, with doubts, with guilt. Why doesn't Dean want to meet him? Is it because he doesn't want Castiel to be a part of his life? And if so, does Dean think of Castiel as a burden? As someone he needs to put up with every day?
Castiel to know how much he loves him. And maybe he can't say it, maybe the words dry up on his tongue, but he knows he can show it. He knows he can channel every ounce of affection inside his being into his actions, which is precisely why he doesn't pull away when Castiel's hand travels up his thigh. Dean leans in at last, meeting Castiel in the middle, and it's almost as if everything around them comes to a standstill, and the only ones moving are them— Dean and Castiel, and it happens in a split second.
Castiel felt his hole stretch open wide as Dean's cock pushed up inside him, not bothering to let Castiel adjust to the sensation, rather thrusting in until Dean bottomed out. The feel of Dean's heated, sweaty skin paired with the slight tickle of his pubes against Castiel's skin had Castiel reeling out of reality, and he allowed Dean to fuck him— brutal and merciless, as the lube keeping Castiel spread open had dried up, and most of the wetness belonged to Dean's pre-come. It was filthy, messy, disgusting and every kind of vulgar as Dean grabbed Castiel by his hips and fucked into him with the single-mindedness of an animal, his breath hot and panting and heavy against Castiel's neck.
As he walked away, further and further, he couldn't find it in himself to turn around. He didn't want to look at Dean.
Perhaps, in hindsight, Castiel should have glanced at his phone. He should have checked his messages, especially the ones where Dean said he'd be coming home that afternoon, since his clients had to leave for an emergency.
who shouldn't be affected by humane things, to be down with a fever— to be burning up, body searing with heat, to be in such agonizing pain. Dean needs an answer. And for an answer, Castiel is his only hope.
and stuffing it inside his backpack. "I was busy listening to a podcast. I've been meaning to do so for weeks."
"Don't bother, Green, really. Just please get some sleep. Am I going to have to use my nurse voice on you?"
"But it isn't enough. It's just not enough," Castiel argues, clutching tight onto Dean's shirt, pressing his face into Dean's neck, where he feels Castiel's lips quiver on his skin.
Glassy green eyes peer up at Castiel, lips trembling and hands drifting across his thigh, and Castiel leans down to press a soft, lingering kiss to Dean's face.
"Rowena's waiting for us outside. Said she needs to study Castiel to know what's happening to him. I let her use the inventory for whatever ingredients she needed for the diagnostic spell."
Dean doesn't answer, but his eyes linger on Castiel longer than he knows they're supposed to. When he finally caves in, he can't help the wide grin that unfurls on his lips.
"The kid's right," a voice, deep and husky, laced with a strong, southern drawl, chimes in from behind the wall, accompanied with a sigh of controlled exasperation.
He nodded his head as tears— fat and round spilled down his soft, young face, "-it hurts so much, alpha."
"Cas, I need to know what's wrong with you? I thought angels couldn’t fall sick, man, you're not supposed to be sick, how'd you come down with a fever?" Dean asks, slipping down onto the bed beside Castiel, and with his arms firm around the angel's waist, he manoeuvres them onto their sides, Castiel's head resting on Dean's arm, his body curled up against Dean's, and Dean pulls him close, a sliver of his searing skin brushing across Dean's hand, sending Dean's fingertips burning.
"Hey, I love you." Castiel mumbles, nipping at Dean's jaw, before lifting his eyes up to meet Dean's gaze.
"So delicious," Dean growled, the low timbre of his voice sending pleasure straight down to Castiel's gut.
"Man, you're cute," the voice says. "By the way, I meant to say this a while ago, I love your solo. The violin one, yeah. I'm not really a violin person, hell, I don't even know the song you were playing, but uh, it was really good. Made me want to listen to it for hours."
A loud hum floats across the room in agreement, before Dean’s voice becomes breezy and he chuckles to himself.
Dean was silent for a few seconds, as if testing the tone of Castiel's words, but Castiel couldn't take the silence between them anymore, as he turned around and met Dean's eyes for the first time in fifteen days, "-What do you want Dean?"
On the other end, Sam gives a defeated sigh, "-Just... Just go back, Dean. It won't be as bad as you think it is. Besides, half of the neighbours are close to their seventies. Sons of bitches better be dying soon. Good riddance for the neighbourhood."
A silence falls upon them as Castiel sucks in a breath, eyes fluttering open to meet Dean's teary green eyes. Absently, he reaches his thumb down to wipe away the tears at Dean's face, despising the way they stain his skin.
The window is open, the cool, winter morning breeze blowing in, bringing with it the possibility of snow, and although Castiel wants to shut the window, he can't get himself to bother about something as menial as a cold room when there are things much important to be tended to. Like the oncoming dread of Dean's departure.
"Oh, Dean," Castiel moaned, spreading his legs wider and bucking his hips so they rubbed against Dean's bulging crotch. Dean, however, seemed in no mood for foreplay, when his mate, his
"Beautiful. Just beautiful," Dean breathes out, and watches as the prince reaches behind to drag a finger over his hole.
The beer on his tongue now tasted bitter, or perhaps it was his own anger leaving a repulsive taste in his mouth, either way, Castiel wanted to leave, wanted to disappear, wanted to pretend seeing Dean was an illusion, that they were nothing now, that ten years of friendship meant nothing, that it took only one girl, no,
Dean gives a weak smile as he accepts the folded clothes, and Castiel kisses his nose, before walking away to grab a fresh set of clothes for himself.
Dean rolls his eyes, huffing out a sigh before looking up at the ceiling. Beside him, Castiel noses against his shoulder, and he feels his body tense up at the different possibilities their little
Something nudged at the rim of his asshole, prodding between his cheeks and rubbing around in circles— it was thick, blunt, rough and coarse. Not flesh. It was not a finger.
Finding your true mate was a sensitive subject. Not all omegas and alphas found them. Some even believed it was a hoax, but those who said they had found theirs would lay down their lives trying to prove the possibility was real. And here there was a strange, albeit well-looking alpha (very well-looking) staring at Castiel with wide eyes and declaring Castiel to be his true mate.
"You don't wanna' say?" the demon continued, and Castiel grunted, "-alright, how about this angel, if I tell you mine, will you tell me yours?"
"Cas," Dean panted, resting his head against Castiel's shoulder. Castiel in turn, brushed his fingers through Dean's sweaty hair, and dropped a kiss to his forehead, "-you're fired."
Sam sighs on the other end, and Dean can almost envisage his brother, his shaggy brown hair, the fine lines of the thirties adorning his face, the weary circles under his eyes, a contrast to the face of a young, gleaming boy Dean’s always known him as.
This was something filthier and unholier than anything Castiel had seen before. Had Castiel been ignorant, he would have deemed the demon as Lucifer himself, but Castiel knew better.
Dean, I just..." Castiel breathes in a deep gasp, eyes spilling a tear as he reaches back to hold onto the counter, trying to steady himself as another tear rolls down his face. "
With a calculative, measured breath, he holds the nib of the pen to the paper, but drops it and slumps back in his chair. The song comes to an end and he pushes his headphones off, setting them down on the desk next to his notebook.
"Good day to you too," Dean said, and Castiel watched as Garth walked out of the manor, the door shutting behind him with a loud, clamouring bang which had Castiel jumping on his toes. He sighed, and turned back towards Dean, who had now busied himself with twisting the key inside the keyhole, and pushing the door open. He turned back to Castiel with a smile on his face, "-after you, sweetheart."
"Fuck," came a loud curse, and the tip of Dean's cock slipped out of Castiel's asshole. Castiel, already a wreck, having been denied his orgasm, turned over on his stomach, feeling Dean's come dripping down his thighs. He reached down, dipping two fingers into the sticky fluid, before bringing it up to his face. He made sure to hold Dean's gaze as he dropped his tongue out and licked up the come coating his fingers.
"You okay, there, teach?" Jack asks, and a glance at him tells Castiel his mistake has been discovered, judging by the faint grin at the corner of Jack's lips.
around Dean's cock, opening up wide and big as Dean pushed the tip in, easing his way inside with his pre-come, but the moment the girth of it began sinking in, Castiel felt himself lose all semblance of self. His tongue hung over his lips, his eyes rolled to the back of his head, and drool ran down the side of his mouth as he grinned, completely out of it, feeling Dean's large, monstrous cock fill him.
and flips through the pages, dog-earring one in the midst, the fourth page, he reckons, before setting the sheets back onto the music stand. He grabs his coffee, blowing a gentle breath over the mug, and smiles when he takes a sip. Perfect. Not too hot, not too cold.
Eager hands push Dean back into the sofa, and it is indication enough for Dean to let go of the control, allowing Castiel to drive their kiss as he slips his tongue inside Dean's mouth, Dean craving the slide of his heated tongue against his own. Only a few seconds in, though, Castiel pulls back with a loud suck at Dean's lip.
"I'm not trying to complicate things, okay? I'm trying to make them easier for us. If you don't meet me, you'll forget about me sooner. And if you forget about me sooner, you'll be happier sooner." Dean’s voice is agitated, but that is all Castiel knows.
Silence washes over the room as Dean heaves a breath, a hand on his shoulder pulling him back, and he turns in time to catch Sam fuming at him, but something in his eye gleams with pity and sorrow, and Dean cannot bear to see it. Especially when he knows it's meant for him.
"Take, for example, a normal spell– let's say, I curse you with a degenerative spell. If it's a normal spell, it will affect you, and
"My, they caught me a pretty lil' angel," the demon chuckled darkly, as he circled around Castiel to study his body. His white shirt, which once belonged to his vessel, had been torn, soaked and dried with blood, ripped at the arms and at the sides. His black trouser had been soaked with dried urine and blood, and he knew he was utterly, absolutely filthy, but now, nothing could faze him, and all he wanted to wait for, was the sweet release of death. However, with the way the demon stood before him, contemplative and calculating, Castiel highly doubted he would be released any time soon.
"Didn't mean to eavesdrop, man, just—the kid's right. The tuning's wrong. Please, I haven't gotten any sleep in the past three days, and I can't keep listening to you mess up the chorus. Please, for the love of God, tune the damn thing."
"Nah," There's an ease to the man's words, and Castiel heaves a sigh, letting his hands fall to his side as his eyes wander down to a bitten nail. "It's alright. You got a night shift, huh? Burning the midnight oil?"
A soft shake of his head from Castiel only worsens Dean's fear, and he pulls his hand away, grabbing the blanket and tugging it up on Castiel's chest. He slips his hands under Castiel's back and over his stomach, urging him to lie back down.
How he twirled, and his short, low-cut French maid outfit twirled with him. It looked gorgeous on him. The black button-up blouse with puffed sleeves and a white, lacy hem; a tiny, black frill skirt which opened up every time Dean's catboy bent over to pick something up, only showing Dean a clear display of the boy's round, pert, plump ass clad in a thin, sheer lace white pantie which sunk into the crack of his cute, lil' ass; a tiny, white lacy apron tied around his waist, and the best of all, his slender, tanned hairless legs covered in sheer, black netted thigh-high stockings. Paired with his cheeky, mischievous black tail and the cute, black and pink cat ears sprouting out of his gorgeous head, Dean's catboy was a rare, beautiful sight.
"It's alright. You have to leave, I know. There are better things for you back home, Dean, I get it. I don't know what I'd do if I were in your place, but I know you’re doing what you think is right. We'll just... try to make it work somehow. Maybe a long-distance relationship, although I'm not sure it would be that effective."
The last fifteen days had been a flurry. Dean had forgotten Castiel existed, and Castiel was trying to do the same. But he couldn't. It felt strange, hearing his name on Dean's lips after what had felt like an eternity, but warm nonetheless, warmer than any jacket would ever make him feel.
A beat passes between them, and Dean wonders if Blue has walked away, but before he can dismiss the thought, the man speaks.
Castiel feels his eyes pool with tears, and although Dean dives down for a kiss, Castiel presses his cold, numb fingers to Dean's lips, eyes wandering back to the car parked a few feet from them, before drifting them back to Dean.  "You're...? You're not leaving?"
Now it's about the touches— the stares, the grins, the blushing, the whispers— some odd sort of feeling has grown between them, one which neither young men intend to vocalise, and yet, hovers over their heads— a double-ended sword.
"Shoulda' done that ages ago," Dean chuckles, and Castiel rolls on his side to drape a hand across Dean's chest. He snuggles into Dean's side, and Dean runs a hand through his hair.
"What do you want me to do? Tell Crowley I want out? Because my boyfriend wants me to? Don't think he'll kill me the moment he finds out I'm a pansy?"
Dean rolls his eyes, a smile pulling at his lips as he tightens his arms around Castiel, and pulls him in closer, brushing his nose against Castiel’s hair.
"Oomph–" Castiel grunts, and his hands clutch at Dean's back tightly, eyes squeezed shut, as they regain their breath, Dean's eyes fluttering open to meet Castiel's, and a beat passes between them. Heavy. Expectant. Hesitant. Waiting. Castiel's face pinkens under Dean's gaze, but never budges away.
"It's uh, I don't know, it's usually messier," Castiel scoffs. He seats himself down at the edge of the bed and peels his socks off. Dean doesn't really know what he's supposed to do, so he simply stands and watches Castiel.
It was ethereal. Dean's finger, thick and long, fidgeted with Castiel's leaking, quivering hole. Castiel felt the finger trying to pry him open, rubbing around the rim in soothing circles, before the tip popped in. The first brush of Dean's fingernail against his sensitive flesh sent a jolt of thunder coursing through Castiel's veins, and he moaned into the pillow under him, rocking his hips back so Dean's finger would push in deeper.
"Why don't you go ask that friend of yours? Maybe he told you wrong. 'Cause he was real firm when he told me the date last night."
"I was scared. I'm sorry, Cas. For every time I could have done something, but didn't," Dean admits. Castiel's hand travels up to caress his face, and he leans into the touch.
But I know your soul. I know its goodness, and I know what it’s like to cherish you from afar. I know you inside and out, I know your flaws and I know your perfections and I have spent many hours in prayer enumerating each and every one of the things that make you – you.
Castiel let out a helpless squeak of his own upon seeing them, then narrowed his eyes at Dean. “I thought he had a deal,” he said, crossing his arms only half in jest.
“You what?” Gabriel began to crack up. “Oh, that is the funniest thing I’ve heard in a long, long time. You know Michael wasn’t exactly born with a funny bone.”
“I’m here; I’m right here,” Dean said, breathless. “I’m going to ride you in a minute. Keep your hands above your head, yeah?”
He was gone before Gabriel could say another word, already descending beneath the rushing waters, more turbulent now than they’d been when Gabriel had arrived.
“Tell the other dryads to go to the river,” Dean said as soon as he entered the little dwelling which suddenly seemed far too small with the three of them crammed inside. He was on the verge of losing the quick-fraying thread of his self-control, and wanted nothing more than to be alone with his thoughts. “It’s done,” he said, meeting Gabriel’s eyes.
It was evident that something had gone terribly wrong. Something he hadn’t been able to fix. Something even the angels couldn’t have prevented.
“Me too,” Castiel panted. He leaned down for a final kiss. “That’s it,” he soothed when they pulled away. Dean was flushed and looked utterly wrecked, and Castiel couldn’t have found words for how beautiful he was in that moment if he’d tried. “Come for me, Dean.”
Dean woke up to find Castiel gone the next morning, his side of the bed ice cold. A bolt of fear shot through him, and there was no one to remind him to breathe, so he just paced around their room for an interminable amount of time on the verge of hyperventilating.
“Soon,” Dean promised. Once more, Castiel felt Dean’s shift his weight. “Fuck, you’re beautiful,” he observed. “So damn pretty.” From the uneven tone of Dean’s voice, Castiel could only guess what his lover was doing.
And that was how Dean Winchester ended up with a box of dirty, smelly baby opossums, mewling helplessly and giving him the occasional growl.
Castiel took that moment to school his face into a stoic expression. “I might have forgotten one detail.”
The sun climbed in the sky as noon crept closer. Eventually, Dean had exhausted his questions for the moment at least, and the three of them sat, lost in a haze of memories and half-remembered snippets of another life.
Castiel made a soft sound of surprise, and every part of him wanted to wrap his wings around Dean, protect him, cradle him, but he contented himself with throwing his arms around Dean as they came to a stop.
“More,” Castiel said. “I want – I need – more of you,” he pleaded, wriggling under Dean until their clothed cocks aligned. The friction was delicious, and he moaned.
Dean blushed when Castiel turned back around. “I was wondering if… I could get a goodnight kiss.” He flushed an even brighter shade of red. Something about Castiel made him so forward. It was as if like the water nymph freed him to feel things he’d always longed for and dreamt about.
“You still with me?” His little brother asked, setting down the pieces of the vase and helping Dean stand.
A rather pregnant lady appeared in their doorway, and Castiel went to her side. “You must be Violet’s partner,” he said, holding out a hand for her to shake. “I’m Cas, and this is my fiancé, Dean Winchester.”
“You were always the skeptical one, Sam,” Castiel admitted, a certain sort of fondness gleaming in his eyes. “I think that’s part of the reason we were friends,” he said. “We both questioned.”
“Gabriel,” Sam said softly. It was still raining, but a sudden lull in the storm came as a welcome relief to them all.
“It could work,” Castiel said, slowly. “If we’re very, very lucky, it could work. But there’s no escaping the fact that what happened to Adam could happen to any dryad.” His eyes fell upon Sam. “It could even happen to-”
“A lifetime ago, yes,” Gabriel snapped. “We fought for free will and self-determination and the right to choose our own destinies. And look where that got us. This – this is destiny! You think destiny cares about you or your petty little desires? You think destiny bends to your will?
With a sob, Castiel obeyed, body going taut as he found his release deep inside his lover. He relished the way Dean spilled across his stomach just moments later, as well as the boneless, floating feeling that followed.
“Screw Michael,” Dean said, the words rising like an impulse within him. “I’ve said ‘no’ to him before, and I’ll do it again.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “That doesn’t sound like a question to me,” he teased. “And besides, if I’m going to tell you everything… Sam should be here also.”
“Coming,” Dean called, being the only one of them who could trust himself to speak. He gave Cas a roguish smile and went to open the door.
In the aftermath, Castiel was glowing with a strange sort of sheen that seemed to Dean to be slightly brighter than post-coital bliss strictly required. (It turned out that sex and standing water actually made for a mediocre blowjob and a lot of spilled water on the floor, which Dean managed to navigate with his ninja-like skills. Castiel had not been so lucky, and had tripped and slipped and nearly fallen on several occasions as they dressed in their underthings and made their way to the bed, which two of the dogs were already napping upon.)
Dean blinked away the rain that had fallen into his eyes. “I’m not leaving until we’ve talked this through.”
“Someone? Another dryad?” Sam’s face lit up. “What’s his name? Where is he from? Have I met him? Is it that fire spirit that came along to trade last spring? Crowley, was it? Is he back?”
The gleaming towers of what had once been New York City stood, resplendent in green. All manners of vines and creeping plants and assorted greenery enrobed every building that still stood. He pictured the iconic skyline as it had been, just yesterday, it seemed; in another life. The Empire State Building still stood, as did the Chrysler building, and they dwarfed all other surviving buildings. The skyscrapers had fallen. The city had been transformed into a green, growing thing. The concrete jungle was finally living up to its name.
Promises of forever had gone up in smoke when Castiel had gotten into a college in California, and Dean, despite his respectable grades and history of working odd jobs since the age of ten, had only gotten into the local university.
It didn’t help, however, that he was completely new to most of the chores that needed to be accomplished. Sweeping was easy enough, and sorting Sam’s potions came like second nature, but when it came to replanting some seedlings, tilling the ground where they were to lie, and hauling water to their beds, he was out of his depth.
“But what if it is him?” Castiel asked, desperate for some indication that the man he loved was somewhere within the dryad who looked so very much like him.
Dean tried to speak, he did, but nothing came out, so he nodded fiercely instead, reaching for Castiel as he did so. “Yes,” he finally managed to whisper. “Always. Yes,” he said, stronger this time.
“I know,” Castiel said gently, taking Dean’s face in his hands. “This might be your first time with me, but I assure you we’ve made love many times before. In another life.” He seemed to grow melancholy for a moment, and Dean frowned. The momentary panic eased, and he moved with a new determination.
Cas contemplated the saying for a moment. “I’m not sure that’s what ‘they’ say about possums, Dean.”
Sam didn’t give Gabriel a chance to get a word in edgewise before he flung himself at the archangel, who just barely withstood the sudden assault.
“I do remember you,” Sam ventured. “Your wings… They were golden. And you liked sweets. And…” He shook his head, as if trying to dislodge the cobwebs that had settled in his memory. “And I remember that we flew together. You took me up to the roof and led me to the edge and… You asked me if I trusted you, and I said…”
Castiel abruptly took Dean’s outstretched hand just as it was about to fall. “Dean,” Castiel said, voice wavering. “I love you too.” He let go. “But I don’t think I could bear to start again.” His eyes bore into Dean’s. “The man I knew and loved doesn’t know me. It’s like you look at me, and you just… Don’t see me. I want to feel seen.”
“Oh, um,” Dean chuckled. “I wasn’t really expecting you to say yes, but I would really like it if-” His rambling was cut off by Castiel’s soft lips on his own. He wasn’t quite sure what to do with his hands at first, but they desperately wanted to tangle themselves in Castiel’s hair so he let them. It was gloriously smooth, and he moaned into the other’s mouth.
“Don’t mention it,” Gabriel said. He took Sam’s hand and turned to leave. “Now, if you’ll excuse us, I think we all have some lost time to make up for.”
Castiel sat by the edge of the river, dagger in one hand, a flower that had fallen in his pocket from Dean’s tree clenched in the other. The flower wasn’t part of the spell, which was so simple it only required two tangible ingredients – the river, his Grace, and the words that would bind them forever – but it brought him great comfort to have something of Dean’s, something borne by his soul and part of its physical manifestation in the world.
It occurred to Dean sometime between his second shot of tequila and his third finger of whiskey that maybe, just maybe, Castiel would find his way back to him, if not through the dark and the void and the stars and the vastness between them, then through words.
“Castiel,” he called, voice hoarse from breathlessness. “Cas, Sammy remembered everything. Til the day he died.” He began to pace. “Why don’t I remember? What went wrong? Cas, please.”
And if I have learned anything from you, it’s this: love is like the unconquered sun; it gives you light, it keeps you warm, and it always, always shows you the way home.
“Gabriel,” Michael said, rushing forward once more. Gabriel’s stance stiffened, but he allowed the sudden motion. “I know I haven’t always been the best brother to you.”
Gabriel’s heart, which had been pounding all night, seemed to plummet in his chest. “Oh?” He said, trying and failing to sound noncommittal.
And then the rains came. The skies opened up, the clouds bringing pouring rain in their wake, lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled low in the middle distance. The dogs all scrambled inside, tails tucked between their legs. The next few hours were spent building a progressively larger pillow fort using all of their chairs, most of their blankets, some pillows, a few sheets, and just a smattering of Grace.
While Castiel could be blamed for both the second and the third dog, the fourth couldn’t truly be said to have been his fault.
In one fluid motion, Castiel wrapped his arms and wings around Dean, cradling his lover with a gentle pressure and bringing firm hands to rest at his waist. “Shh,” he soothed Dean. “It’s okay. I’m here. I’m always going to be right here, by your side.”
“Look at me,” Dean bid him, and Castiel once again found himself obeying. “I know how hard this must have been for you. The last time you were blindfolded, it was without your consent and by angels trying to hurt you. But this time was different, yeah?”
“Cas… I- I don’t know what to say,” Dean said, hating the way his voice broke. The ocean within him was roiling, and tears threatened at the corners of his eyes.
“It’s alright,” Dean said, before Castiel could apologize. “I get like that too, sometimes. There was a fire, a few years back…” He handed Cas the fruit and hugged his knees to his chest. “Killed my dad.” Sighing, he said, “Sammy always talks me down.”
There was that smile that Castiel so loved, and those eyes, which were darker, now, in the moonlight, than they had been in the morning’s light.
Their eyes met, and as the thunder sounded, Castiel let himself become lost in the depths of the hunter’s eyes. It wasn’t long before they were falling into each other’s arms, Dean taking Castiel’s face in his hands and holding him that way, marveling at the fragility of what they’d forged between them in the past months and years, at the frailty of love and how uncertain their future was.
“Dean Winchester,” he said, meeting the other’s eyes. “I didn’t build this home with my own hands. But the city was about to raze it, and I saved it, as you saved me. And I rebuilt it, like I rebuilt your soul when I pulled you from Hell. I needed you to see it. I did this – I did all of it – for the love of you. So, I’m asking you… Will you do me the honor of spending your life with me? Will you marry me?”
Dean gave a little half-shrug. “If we’re going to ride out at dawn,” he said, “we’re going to do it right.” With that, he motioned for his hat. Castiel obliged with a smile on his face. “There,” he said as he adjusted the cowboy hat until it sat perfectly atop his head.
“I’m going to move lower,” Dean said, and Castiel was distantly gratified that his lover sounded almost as wrecked as he felt.
Dean shook his head, blinking a few times and then reaching up to rub the sleep from his eyes. “Me and you and Sam were talking with Gabriel.” He blinked again. Castiel took this as a good sign, and nodded for Dean to continue. “We were in the warehouse,” he continued. “Tell me… How did we end up in this forest? And for that matter, where’s Baby?” He stood, and immediately regretted it, swaying on his feet and reaching an arm out towards Cas to steady himself.
Sam was kneeling down to gather from a final patch of chanterelles when Gabriel came upon him, like the ocean comes onto shore. He didn’t even time to utter a greeting when Gabriel was hauling him to his feet and staring him down with a piercing gaze, the depths of which were fathomless – he could tell this didn’t bode well, but couldn’t quite put his finger on the feeling sparking up and down his spine.
Dean let out a little ghost of a laugh and wiped a stray tear away. “I even don’t know why I’m crying,” he whispered, voice breaking.
He stood his hands coming up to wipe his tears from his face, but one last wild hope of a dream of a wish stuttered to life inside him.
My one fear is that I will have died without telling you how much you are loved, and by none more than me.
“Of course, I am! You’re the light I live by. You’re the best man I’ve ever had the privilege of knowing.” He gave Dean a lop-sided smile. “And, of course, I need a last name, now.”
It wasn’t nearly enough for Dean, and he ran his hands down Castiel’s thighs teasingly, prompting the angel to look down at him at once.
When Sam left to get them all beers, Castiel went to sit beside Dean, who was cradling not one but two dogs on his lap.
He misjudged his pace and Castiel’s strength, and they both went tumbling onto the forest floor when Dean flung himself in the other’s arms.
“I can be quiet,” he whispered in Castiel’s ear once they parted, drawing a shiver from the other. “Can you?”
That was the last either of them spoke for a while, so consumed were they by one another’s lips. Castiel’s roving hands wandered up and down the length of Dean’s spine, and Dean’s hands held onto the juts of Castiel’s hips. It briefly occurred to him to wonder how the other had arrived clothed, but then Castiel did something clever with his tongue and Dean lost the resolve to ask.
“It’s too early to tell,” Gabriel said, voice colored with a strange sort of sorrow, like he had the weight of eons bearing down upon him.
Together, they ran east, away from the storm. At the crest of the hill at the edge of the field stood a barn that looked like it had seen better days. It’d have to do.
“If he survives, you must take him and his brother away from the forest. I will see to it personally that their trees are taken care of. The other dryads cannot know that they had a life before this one.”
Castiel’s head tilted. “You still don’t remember.” Dean could hear a hint of remorse in his voice, and it grated on his nerves.
“Boys,” she scolded gently. “And you, Dean. Where have you been?” She put a hand on her hip, and Dean didn’t trust himself to speak at the sight of her, and turned helplessly to Sam.
Several hours later, their website was up and running, and Sam was showing Castiel how to upload some of the photographs he’d taken of the dogs that they’d be putting up for adoption.
Dean smiled at the one who had come to own his heart. “The sun is going to rising soon.” It was a half-truth.
And yet, there was Gabriel on the ground, rubbing gingerly at the place Sam had shoved him. It occurred to Dean once more that his world had come and gone.
“It’s a necklace,” Dean breathed. “Like the ones we make from flowers, except… It’s made of… Gold. It’s like magic,” he said.
“Okay, I’m praying,” he shouted, more to himself than to any angel. “I was wrong, alright? I should have listened.” He blinked back tears. “Oh, God, I should have listened.”
My love, I am aware I will never know how your lips taste; I know I have done too much to be forgiven in your eyes; I know that you will never love me as I love you.
Nodding, Dean searched Sam’s eyes. Someone must have loved him. In another life. An angel. He smiled, tears flooding his eyes.
“When,” Dean asserted. “When he wakes up, maybe we should just admit that we’re outmatched and leave.”
The words landed like a well-placed blow to the sternum. “But… I grew up in these woods. Me and Sammy and Mom and Dad. I remember it. I’ve spent every one of my summers being a steward to these woods.”
“So good, Cas,” Dean gasped. “So perfect. Love you… So much,” he added, hips snapping forward as he chased his orgasm, sheathed as he was inside his lover.
More lightning flashed. The sky darkened. Thunder rolled, more insistent than ever. “You shouldn’t be here,” Castiel spoke, voice forceful so as to be heard over the growing roar of the wind.
“Of course,” Castiel said. “It seems like you went through a great deal of trouble to procure this fruit. You should enjoy it too.”
The door flew open immediately, and Castiel stood there, wearing one of Dean’s blue shirts, looking like a wild thing recently tamed.
Frowning, Gabriel fixed his brother with a firm stare. “I shouldn’t have to tell you of all people that you have to be careful with your heart.”
And so the night went. The moon rose, the crickets began to chirp from their perches low in the grass, the stirring sounds of the waking world preparing for sleep served as a lullaby as Dean told Sam everything he knew, all at once in a rush of words and sentiments. Sam made him tell it again, slower this time, and Dean did.
Dean’s eyes found Castiel’s. There was a hunger in their gaze that hadn’t been there before. “There’s no stopping you, is there?”
Muffin gave him a pitiful meow from under the table when he set his coffee cup down, and he almost yielded to her – but he knew her sisters and brothers would come running if they heard the sound of a can opening or the subtle crinkle of a bag of treats, and he’d kept Cas waiting long enough.
By the time the stars had faded into view, both brothers emerged to watch them, forever changed. Their comfortable little life had come and gone, ruined in one fell swoop by the horrible truth – they were the remnants of a world gone wrong, and nothing could ever change that.
Dean ran to the river, jumping over exposed roots and fallen branches. His body knew the motions, even if his mind rebelled against this strange new world.
And that is the story of how Dean and the angel Castiel acquired half a dozen mewing kittens, which would remain charming and cute and positively angelic until around 4 a.m. in the morning, at which point they turned into hungry, biting, mewling demons
“Shh,” Dean whispered. “I’ve got you, angel.” And then he was gone, just for a moment, leaving the bed feeling cold and Castiel feeling hollow inside. The moment passed, though, and Dean returned, body warm against Castiel’s own. Only then did Castiel’s eyes fly open, and he groaned at the sight of Dean pouring oil out of a little jar. “I’ll go slow,” Dean promised, using his fingers to drizzle some of the oil between Castiel’s splayed legs, starting at his cock and working his way down until his fingers found the former angel’s hole, which fluttered at the warm, welcome touch.
“No,” Sam shouted, voice rising with every word. “I can’t let you put the others in this forest in danger. I’m not a child anymore; I can’t sit back and allow you to treat me like one. I can decide these things for myself. I want to remember.”
Castiel twisted his hand just so, and Dean began to pant. “No fair,” he mumbled. “You know every inch of me, but-” Dean found himself silenced with a rough, dominating kiss, and his wandering mind was dragged back into the present moment. The assault of pleasure was nearly too much for him to handle, and he moaned wantonly into Castiel’s kiss. “Cas,” he managed to gasp between kisses. “Feels so good,” he added. “So right.”
Castiel smiled at Dean, proud of their good work. “I have a confession to make,” he said after a long moment, smile falling off his face.
For a long moment, Castiel was silent. Dean was beginning to give up on receiving an answer when Castiel spoke. “You have sacrificed yourself countless times to save your brother, have you not? How can I not do the same for my brethren?”
With great care, he freed the tunic from the outcropping, pulled it out of the water, folded it, and held it close to his chest.
And that is the story of how Dean and Castiel showed up at the Bunker several hours later, very sticky and covered with chocolate sauce and an assortment of other stains, after having had mind-blowing sex only to later remember that the shower hadn’t been connected to the water reservoir quite yet.
“Don’t speak,” Gabriel said, voice a low and soothing murmur in his ear. He drew away. “I’m going to ask you a question, and if you want what I’m offering, you nod ‘yes.’ If you don’t, shake your head ‘no’ and I’ll leave this place and you won’t ever have to see me again.”
“Shh,” Dean soothed. “Patience,” he added, teasingly, reaching between them to palm Castiel’s length and relishing the little noise of appreciation Castiel made at the contact.
The other took a sizable bite of fruit. “Mmmm,” he said. “Mmhmmm-mhhhhhhm,” he added, words muffled by his mouthful.
“I don’t want to fuck you,” Dean purred, leaving Castiel only a moment to be confused by the evidence to the contrary before he added, “I want us to make love.” Then, he blushed deeply, and leaned down to capture Castiel’s lips in a gentle kiss to hide the evidence of his momentary embarrassment.
Sighing, his brother flopped down on the grasses, which had also grown longer since the last time Castiel had surfaced.
Slowly, he dragged the blade across his wrist, watching as the last of his Grace began to flow out of him and started its descent towards the waters. “Darsar a zodinu,” he spoke, voice growing louder with the strength of his conviction as his Grace met with the water and began to boil, “let par papnor – tol.”
Dean gathered Castiel in his arms, drawing the blanket over them and snuggling into his lover. “Didn’t you?”
Laughing despite the presence of Castiel’s lips against his own, Dean kissed back as well as he could, body feeling like a livewire overflowing with a mix of relief and joy and the feeling of being beloved. “Cas,” Dean said, once he could breathe again.
“Technically-” but whatever technicality Castiel had been about to invoke was cut off by the sudden presence of Dean’s lips upon his own.
Something soft and warm settled upon his shoulder, and Dean was briefly startled. “Hey there, little lady,” he said to the horse that had appeared at his side.
Dean was tired of hearing about the plans and schemes and men and angels. “I don’t suppose him dying was part of your ‘plan’ either,” he said, thrusting the tunic towards Gabriel.
Dean closed his eyes and counted to five and a half before continuing. “Cas… You can’t spring these things on me anymore. If we’re doing this, we’re doing it together. No more lies, no more secrets, no more surprises – well, I say no surprises. I mean of the animal kind. The other kind are, well…” he said, chuckling a bit and allowing his mind to wander for a moment back to his earlier plans. “I mean it, though,” he added, humor fading from his voice. “Please.”
“Oh,” Gabriel said. One hand was clenched behind his back, archangel blade in hand, singing for blood to be spilt.
The water was cool and sweet, and tasted of soft rains with just a hint of lavender. Dean lowered his lips to the river’s edge once more, drinking deeply of the bounty of the land. He was one of the stewards of the wild, and took his role quite seriously. He might be a new addition to this forest, but that was all the more reason to pay his respects to the river’s guardian.
And of course, they could find porn – copious amounts of it, in fact, which Castiel insisted was ‘research’ into the field of human sexuality, an assessment Dean couldn’t quite find it in himself to disagree with, especially when it usually involved a happy ending for one or both of them.
“I love you,” Dean said as soon as they drew away. He was still stroking himself and Castiel longed to feel the heat of it on his stomach. “I love you more than I’ve ever loved anyone; more than I thought it was possible to love someone,” he continued, breath coming in shorter, more ragged gasps now. “I love you with all I am or ever will be.” He came with a strangled shout, and Castiel relished the way his whole body tensed as he found his release.
“Dean, I can hear you thinking,” Castiel complained, shifting in his arms so they were pressed chest-to-chest, one hand moving to caress his lover’s face.
“I expected as much,” Castiel said, and moved closer to Dean, who was holding Heather like a shield. “You two have a special bond. Anyone can see that.”
He turned his face up to the sky and tried to stem the storm brewing inside of him. It was already beginning to rain, and thunder threatened in the distance.
The door closed. Dean sank to the floor, blessing its hardness and the way it didn’t give an inch under the pounding of his fists. He thanked whatever powers he still believed in that his tears softened it as he wept, and finally, he cradled his muddied hands and sobbed until his eyes were red and puffy.
After checking Castiel’s pulse, peering into his eyes, and spinning him around until he was dizzy, Gabriel declared that Castiel was now completely, irrevocably human.
The effects of the light did not allow Castiel did not see Dean with quite the same intensity, but he felt the other’s acceptance and his love and his joy at their union, and he saw the glow of Dean’s soul as he basked in the light of Castiel’s halo.
Dean reached between them to take Castiel in hand. The smaller man threw back his head and groaned long and low. “Oh, yes, right there,” he moaned. “Dean!” He cried out, spilling into Dean’s hand as he came. Dean wasn’t far behind.
Dean smiled up at him, and Castiel couldn’t help but notice that his eyes were like twin stars – deep, green, shining things that never failed to captivate him and take his breath away. “You ready, angel?” He asked gently.
“I see you’ve already chosen our new family member,” Becca said. Violet hastened to explain that they only had one dog for adoption that might meet their needs, but Becca waved her off. “Joking, joking,” she said, striding up to her partner and taking her hand. “What’s this one’s name?”
He was just a man. The river had delivered him here, but he could no longer feel her movements as though they were his own.
Castiel was torn between accepting the help of his brethren and telling them to save themselves, but it was Gabriel who made the choice for him, stepping forward with a tender smile on his face.
With a shake of his head, Dean replied, “It’s not that. I want to give these little guys a loving home. It’s just… I’m going to miss them.”
The second dog was not Dean’s idea, per se. In fact, it had rather been Castiel’s, who had come to them in the dead of winter, shivering, at around 2 am in the morning, holding the small animal to his chest like it had personally saved him, blessed him, and restored him to full power.
Dean cast his gaze to the forest floor. “If it’s true…” He ventured. “If what you’re saying is true, which angel was I loved by?”
“Thank you,” the woman said. “I’m Violet. I live two towns over but my partner and I are starting a family. We were thinking about adopting a dog before the baby comes.”
“Nope, that’s not gonna work on me. Not this time,” Cas said, but he still giggled when Dean leaned in for a final, chaste kiss.
“I promised you forever,” Dean replied, meeting the other’s eyes. “I called you angel and I told you…”
“I guess we’re getting a kitten anyway,” Becca laughed. “You little minx,” she chided Violet, pressing a kiss to her temple.
“Cas!” Dean called, shoulders sinking. Then, “Sam!” He ran towards the trees, calling his brother’s name at the top of his lungs. “Sam!”
Violet smiled at Dean, and then she caught sight of Ace, who had snuck into the kitchen while no one had been watching. “Oh! Is that him? Is that Ace?”
Sam rushed out of their dwelling, took one look at Dean and tutted in that way of his, lowering himself to the ground to wrap his arms around his brother. “Oh, Dean,” he said. “What happened?”
“Cas?” Dean sat up too quickly and earned himself a bout of vertigo. He didn’t remember seeing Castiel this far from the river in, well, forever.
Soon enough, all the dogs were rolling around in the wet, muddy mess that their yard had become. One last peal of thunder startled the dogs, who came rushing back in, much to Dean and Castiel’s dismay and much to the detriment of their furniture, the pillow fort, the floors, and the carpets.
I wish I could offer you the stars. I wish I could give you shelter and love and a place in my heart and by my side.
Castiel strode up to him, so close that their breaths mingled in the air. “What would you have me do?”
“Come in,” he called. It was only in retrospect he would realize his assumption that the person on the other side of the door was Sam was foolish.
Dean followed the river south, the way Castiel had told him to go, keeping close to the water’s edge.
Castiel cast his eyes towards the stars, which were beginning to appear in the evening sky. “Let me finish,” he bade Dean, then was silent for a long moment. “You know, I think it might have worked out, in the end. Except… The survivors. The ones who were immune. The virus didn’t kill them. It just rendered them infertile.” He let out a long, shaky breath. “Heaven couldn’t hold the weight of so many souls; not without the creation of more angels, or nephilim at the very least. We fell. All of us – humans and angels alike…” Another breath. “But we survived,” he said, voice quivering. “And we bound the souls we chose to trees, to become dryads. This forest… This is all that’s left of the world.”
Castiel had taken to sleeping, at first for Dean’s sake, and then because he found he actually enjoyed a few hours spent encased in the luxury of flannel sheets and warm blankets and tangled limbs and sleeping dogs.
It fell to Dean to do the first feeding of the night, because it turned out that Castiel was a heavy sleeper, a fact that half-pleased and half-frustrated Dean, if only because it meant that even though his angel felt safe enough to make sleepy gestures in the direction of the possums without fully waking, Dean was still the one who had to deal with the creatures.
Somehow, those words soothed the memories flaring within him, and Castiel melted back into Dean’s touch.
(For the record, that had been Jack, who had, after some contemplation, decided to meddle in the story just one last time.)
Dean unfolded the photo he’d tucked into his pocket, comparing the photograph with the place itself. At first, he could see no similarities – but then his eye zeroed in on the scarecrow in the distance, which was still standing along the flat plane of the horizon, looking only slightly worse for wear from the winter prior.
“Yes, there is someone. His name is Cas. He lives by the river; I doubt you’d have seen him. He seems like he keeps to himself.” At that point, he hit Sam across the head. “And, no, it’s not Crowley. I told you, I was never into that- that scoundrel,” he hissed, settling on a word that only half-described the fire spirit; the other half would need to be a curse-word and his brother was likely to tell Mom about his dirty mouth.
“Dean.” Castiel’s voice was rough. Merciless. “You were in Heaven. But when the angels fell, you fell with us. We… We couldn’t save you all. There were billions of souls there. We didn’t know how to choose, at first.”
Castiel gritted his teeth and forced himself to stop squirming. He tried to take deep, measured breaths, but then Dean wrapped a hand around his aching cock and he lost all semblance of self-control once again, bucking wildly into Dean’s touch.
“Dean,” Castiel repeated. “I need to tell you something. No-” Castiel held up his hand. “I need to tell you everything.”
Castiel fixed his gaze on Dean, who could see that Castiel’s eyes shone with unshed tears of his own. “I do… It’s because you’re a good man, Dean. You love with all of your heart. I know you were raised to think that tears are weakness, but there is incredible strength to be found in them.”
Dean turned away, lest his brother catch the sudden blush that had found its way onto his cheeks. “There might be someone…” He hesitated, dragging the heel of his foot along the packed ground that made up their floor.
The tree was beautiful, providing a comfortable patch of shade. Dean laid a hand on its trunk and felt a strange sense of déjà -vu.
And then it came to say goodbye. Dean began to tear up, and wiped angrily at his eyes. “I was going to be cool,” he whispered to Cas, despondent.
And so they kissed the rain off of each other’s lips, and it was warm and sweet and mingled with the taste of a love that had been simmering, unacknowledged, between them for many years – a love that was just now blossoming like flowers after a welcome summer rain.
“Everything looks beautiful, Cas,” Dean assured his lover, who was sit fretting over the positioning of the plate of snacks he’d prepared for their guest.
The memory of last time – when Castiel had brought Dean breakfast in bed in a gesture that didn’t quite go as planned and ended up in not one, not two, but three separate loads of laundry being done – the whites with bleach, the blankets and their rug without – was enough to rouse Dean to near wakefulness.
“I have made our brothers and sisters whole again,” he finally said. “I’ve caused them so much pain over the past few hundred years,” he whispered, hanging his head. “It was the least I could do.”
Silence reigned between them for a long moment, broken only by Violet’s burst of laughter. “Whoever named her has a wicked sense of humor.”
“Give me an hour,” Dean said, pushing Castiel back onto the bed. At the feel of Dean’s need against his own, Castiel moaned and pushed their bodies even closed together.
Gabriel turned to go, then turned back. “Steel your heart,” he said, striding forward to clap Castiel on the shoulder. He held on for a moment too long before turning and beginning the long ascent to the top of the mountain where the last remaining portal on Earth that led unto the ruins of Heaven stood. Castiel could see it in his mind’s eye, if he tried – the shimmering sparkle of blue and gold, the pure light and the almost blinding shock of white, the memory of which faded a little more with every passing season.
Elsewhere, Dean had been lost in his thoughts. Most of what he’d needed to do had been accomplished that morning, shortly after Sam had roused him at first light. Waking up before dawn was one of those skills that were acquired through a lifetime of practice, and Dean had thankfully been able to master it in both of his lives.
“I’m alright, Dean,” He assured the other. Only then did Dean lower himself down on the bed, wrapping himself around Castiel as though he wanted never to let go, to sweep him up in a fiery embrace and protect him from all the monsters and demons the world had to offer.
“Your half-brother, Adam Milligan,” Gabriel began. “He and Michael shared… A history.” He turned back to the river, where Castiel was now wringing out his clothes by the water’s edge. “Michael likes to think he’s above and beyond everyone and everything. The rules don’t apply to him, or so he likes to delude himself into believing.” He paused, eyes boring into each of them in turn. “Long story short, Adam couldn’t handle the divide between the old world and the new. His bond to the tree he’d been tethered to broke. Without anything to ground his soul in the physical world, he…” Gabriel swallowed hard. “He didn’t make it.” He spun around. “And now Castiel wants to do the same to you.”
“Hmm,” Castiel said, seeming to consider. “All the more reason to take this slow,” he purred, just above the dip of Dean’s collarbone.
“Oh, Cassie,” Gabriel said, tsking a bit as he lowered himself down beside his little brother. “I know how much that hurts.”
“He’s dangerous,” Sam said, grabbing Dean by the wrist, startling him into dropping a clay vase. It was one from the Before Times, and he cursed colorfully. The art of making them was lost, and though it was largely just for decoration, it was still a priceless object of art and beauty that Dean was sorry to see shattered.
Gabriel’s eyes fluttered shut. “So it’s come to this again,” he said quietly. “You – pushing me away, exiling me from yet another fool’s paradise and sending me out into the wilds of this world. You – forsaking your own brother, yet again.”
They fell asleep like that, tangled in each other’s embrace, Dean whispering sweet nothings to Castiel – “you did so good; my angel; my everything” – and Castiel could not help but smile, his dreams filled with pleasant visions of Dean and the beautiful, bountiful days that were to come.
“I heard you were taking in dogs. Like, strays and stuff?” She was saying. “I thought that maybe...”
They laid like that in the glow of the aftermath for a little while, Castiel with his head pressed to Dean’s chest, listening to the gentle thrum of the other’s heartbeat.
The moment the car was out of sight, Dean burst into tears and buried himself in his angel’s arms. “I miss them,” he admitted.
He strung out woven ropes and sprinkled them with a sugary substance that Sam had brewed that served to attract fireflies when darkness fell. That particular brew was kept in little yellow bottles labeled with cartoon fireflies, while the purple vials held enchanted seeds that were labeled with a small star.
“G’night, Cas,” Dean murmured against his lover’s skin. Both of them were too worn out to do much else, but they shared a long, lazy kiss before settling back down into their respective pillows.
But a drawer of the desk was ajar, now, where it had been lying flush against the wood just a moment before.
And that is the story of how Dean and Castiel ended up in the shower together, Dean after having spluttered hot coffee all over Castiel’s nice white shirt as well as his own, and Castiel, who decided to join him in the shower because the bed was rarely a viable option to consummate their love upon, due in large part to a prodigious number of dogs.
“I think I speak for all of us when I say you’re forgiven,” Gabriel said, disentangling himself from Sam’s embrace and kneeling before Castiel, pressing their foreheads together and placing both of his hands on Castiel’s shoulders.
“No,” Dean said, half-startled to find the word had slipped from his lips. “No,” he repeated, stronger this time. He could already see things spiraling out of control; could already hear Castiel stomping down the ladder, the slam of the front door. The constellations they’d painted on his wall two years ago blurred as the slow trickle of his tears became a deluge.
Reindeer are my absolute favorite, but one finding its way to Middle-of-Nowhere Kansas is improbable at best.
“Another horse?” Dean groaned. It wasn’t so much the prospect of another horse – though that itself was daunting in itself – it was the fact that he’d been hoping to corner Castiel for some shower sex, and there was no way a conversation about another horse fit into that equation. Unless… “Fine. Let’s get another horse,” he agreed.
“I thought you were going to keep quiet,” Castiel teased, drawing away for a moment to spit on his palm before returning to the task at hand. “Or do I need to make you?”
First came the crocuses, then the bluets and the redbuds, and finally the Harbingers of Spring, blooming all across the forest floor and in the meadow where the deer came to graze, famished after the long, difficult winter. The bears lumbered out of their dens, their cubs spilling out of the places they’d slept through the winter within, tumbling down small hills and splashing in the streams fed by glacial runoff from the mountain range that bordered the forest to the north. Hawks swooped in and out of the trees, looking for a tasty morsel of food, while the chipmunks scrambled to the safety of their burrows. As dawn paled the sky, the owls began to hoot, softly singing one another an ancient lullaby. All through the forest, the sounds of the slow-waking world shrugging off the last vestiges of sleep echoed and returned.
Sighing, Michael raised his hands, as if in surrender. “If you want it to end this way, I’m more than ready for this wretched existence to be over.” He approached Gabriel with slow, deliberate steps. “Go on. Draw your blade, brother. I swear I’m more than half in love with death.” He stopped just inches away from Gabriel. Only then did he spread his arms. “Go ahead. Do it.”
So, let me say it now. And forgive me, if you can, for hiding my love for you in the false bottom of an empty drawer. Forgive me, if you can, for not telling you sooner.
He didn’t have Castiel’s knack with animals. Truth be told, he was fairly good with dogs and cats and could make most domestic animals come to him with a simple gesture; however, he was out of his depth when it came to possums and other wild animals, and it didn’t help that he couldn’t communicate with them as fluently as Castiel.
Sam shook his head sadly. “No.” A long silence stretched between them. It was an uncomfortable silence, punctuated only by soft birdsong, the rustling of leaves, and the rushing burble of the water. “But I met the angel who is the reason I’m here,” he offered. “He’s the one who made you remember.”
“Hmm,” Castiel said, thoughtful. “I’m not quite an expert, but I think Duke, Pepper, and Mr. Fitz are all male.”
“Cas!” Dean’s voice sounded loud in the morning light, which was just beginning to filter through the treetops. “Where were you?”
At last, Dean readied himself at Castiel’s entrance, hovering there for a moment just to tease his lover. Then, in one smooth, steady motion, he sheathed himself.
“There’s a dryad,” he blurted out. “A young one. Not more than twenty-five winters old. He came to the river to drink, and asked me about the Before Times, so I… I pulled him into the water, hoping to scare him away.”
Dean sighed. Castiel was looking at him as if he’d hung the stars himself, and the dogs had woken up and were already wearing hopeful expressions at the thought of new brothers and sisters.
They were caught in each other’s orbit, and the kiss seemed to be an inevitable conclusion of their proximity and the heat between them. They met in a flurry of lips and tongue, Castiel’s hands coming to rest on Dean’s waist and wandering lower, until the doorbell rang and they sprang apart.
“I can explain,” Dean said, and then realized that he couldn’t, at least not without revealing the sudden turmoil in his chest, a sort of half-beat and skip in his heart.
With one last look at the door through the golden gate, he pressed a kiss onto his palm and pressed his hand onto the center of the gate, where a key would go, and turned around. He doubted he’d come here again anytime soon – not for another lifetime, at least.
Their time in possum paradise lasted only so long. Dean was covered in them when Castiel broached the subject.
“Show me, Cas,” Dean’s voice came again, penetrating the fugue of his desire. “Show me your halo, angel.”
“We rescued her and a few other horses from an abandoned farm about a dozen miles down the road,” the sheriff was explaining.
For a long moment, Dean hesitated. To burden Sam with this knowledge would be wrong – wouldn’t it? Or did he deserve to know? And why hadn’t anyone come calling for his hand, if he truly had been so loved by an angel in a past life? “Come inside, and I’ll tell you everything.”
“Good night, Dean,” Castiel replied. His face was briefly illuminated by a stray beam of moonlight that filtered through the tree as it swayed in the wind, and Dean smiled. “I love you,” Castiel continued. “And I always will.”
“Patience,” Dean murmured, voice closer than he remembered, and he tried to turn his head to follow the source. The metallic taste of panic filled his throat, threatening to drown him in memories of a different time, another place. “Shh, I’m here; I’m right here,” Dean soothed him, no doubt able to feel the frantic beating of his lover’s heart. “Stay with me, Cas. You’re safe. You’re loved.”
Castiel made a low, keening noise as he approached his orgasm, but Dean knew how to play his body like an instrument and let go just as he thought he could stand no more. “Dean,” he gasped. “Please.”
Castiel pretended to ponder this for a moment. “I recall hearing something similar from my husband, perhaps – oh – five moons ago?”
For now, the dawn was still a while away, and as they let the haze of their love-making fade away, they kissed and whispered sweet nothings atop each other’s lips, content in one another’s company and secure in the love that united them.
This wrenched a smile out of Dean, but it was a brief, sad little parody of a smile, and was gone as quickly as it had come. “You know, I never thought I’d miss Mirabel. Or any of the dogs. But deciding which ones to put up for adoption… It’s rough.”
“Okay, Cas. I’ll bite,” he said, and dressed in a forest-green plaid shirt that brought out the verdant color of his eyes.
“I’ve been told,” Castiel began as Sam took a swig of his beer, casting his gaze back at Dean, “that breathing is overrated.”
Castiel flopped back into the water. “He is beautiful,” he sighed. “Pure. Innocent. Curious. Smart. Strong.”
“Do you even need to ask?” Castiel huffed, some of his anger dissipating. A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth.
Castiel mimicked surprise. “Half, huh?” And then he burst out laughing, and so did Dean, which made the coffee spill anyway, but it wasn’t really enough to make a mess and Castiel had come prepared with a towel, which he promptly pressed to the soon-to-be stain.
Then Dean was well and truly alone, and that was how dawn found him, staring up at the fixed stars on his ceiling, the bed still rumpled from where Castiel had lain just hours before.
This is exactly the sort of fluff I need to write after Thursday's episode. I am still ruined - both by the fact that the show has ended, and the way in which it was ended.
“Sammy,” Dean spoke. “He’s right. I don’t know what’s happened in this forest… But the world as it was… It was cold, and brutal, and we had the great misfortune to see the very worst it had to offer.”
Castiel blinked back. “I was under the impression that the word ‘spill’ is used in these situations to indicate my willingness to listen, but I could be mistaken.”
“Michael, what if this wasn’t a mistake? What if this is the beginning of something that our brethren have been dreaming of for decades?”
Dean’s eyes searched Castiel’s, looking for any signs of shaking or paleness in his angel. Castiel gave him a small smile.
The man had a smile that came and went like the tides. “I’m the one who pulled you into my waters.” He began to circle Dean. “And I’m not afraid to do it again.”
The dryad took another, albeit smaller, bite of fruit, making appreciative sounds at the smoothness and robustness of the taste of the fruit gliding past his lips, flavors exploding across his tongue.
Nothing would convince Dean that it had been pleasant to be roused every four hours by miserable, hungry possums who thought their tiny little worlds were ending because they hadn’t been fed recently enough, but there had been an odd sense of solidarity between him and Cas.
“Look, Cas,” Dean said, watching warily as the angel strode up to the horse and began to stroke her neck. “I’m going to need some answers.”
“Please,” Sam breathed. “I want to remember.” He reached for Gabriel, but the archangel flinched away from his touch.
The Heavens chose that moment to open up. The deluge began quite suddenly, and Dean cursed as the roof began to leak.
“Ready?” Dean asked after a brief interlude of silence, broken only by the ragged sounds of their breathing.
Presently, Dean began to scowl at Charlie, who had been recovered from her universe healthy and largely happy, through the video chat feature of his phone.
Dean spent the next hours in a trance, poring through years of letters – all of them addressed to him – confessions, entreaties, prayers; holy relics, all of them.
Castiel closed the distance between them, his lips finding Dean in a frantic tangle of lips and tongue and teeth.
The next few minutes were spent filling out paperwork and packing up Ace’s toys and other assorted belongings, as well as bundling Cherry Pie into a little blanket and handing her over to Becca, who cradled the kitten and cooed at her until Violet came over and demanded to hold the growing cat.
Castiel complied, and after a moment of holding it, he said, much slower this time, “I wanted another horse for a reason, Dean. I’ve actually been looking around for one. I… I wanted us to go riding. Together. Summer’s coming up so we won’t be able to ride in the heat of the day, but I just pictured us riding out at dawn, just the two of us.” He gave Dean that unbearably hopeful look, and Dean didn’t have time to compose himself before Castiel was taking his expression of complete and utter shock as a rejection. “I’m sorry, Dean. I should have told you.”
“What were you doing out here?” Dean questioned, as soon as Castiel had heaved the barn door open. They stood at the threshold, soaked and warm from the heat and their exertion.
Panting, they drew away for breath, but only for a long enough for Castiel to slip Dean’s tunic over his head and push him down onto the cot. Dean started to slip Castiel’s tunic off, but only got so far as undoing the cinch at the top before Castiel was upon him again, kissing him like he was the only sacred thing left in all of Creation.
Gabriel whispered a word, but the wind whipped it away before it could reach either Dean or Castiel.
“You’re alive,” Dean laughed, pressing a kiss to Castiel’s lips, then one to each eyelid, cradling the other’s face in his hands as if he were something infinitely precious and eminently breakable. “I knew it,” Dean said, collapsing on the former’s angel’s chest. “I knew you’d come back.”
“Castiel…” Dean let his voice trail off. He wasn’t sure who Sam had been to him in another life, but here, now, they were brothers, and that bond was stronger than anything else he’d ever known. “He told me things. About the Before Times. And the Great Awakening. Things I’m not sure I believe.”
“I’ll heed your advice, brother,” Castiel said. “You have always proven yourself wise in the past.” His words said one thing, but the traitorous beat of his heart sung out something quite different.
“Cas,” Dean whispered, approaching the river gingerly as he broke through the tree-line. The waters shone in the moonlight, and Dean knelt down for a drink.
“You did?” Dean’s voice went shrill, and Castiel couldn’t help but laugh. It was the first laugh he’d had in a good long while, and it felt good.
Castiel gritted his teeth and tried to control the building need inside of him, but it felt like trying to tame a wild thing that desperately wanted to be free. “Dean, please,” he pleaded, nearly incoherent. “Please, I need-”
“Goodbye, Dean,” Castiel said, turning his back to the other so Dean wouldn’t see as he came undone.
And then Dean was lining him up with his slick entrance, and sliding all the way down. Castiel made an aborted move to reach for his lover, then let his hands fall back down.
“You want to know what I think?” Dean asked. “I think you’ve got a beef with Michael and you are willing to destroy everything and everyone in your path just to drive the dagger of your petty, petty revenge deeper.”
Sam blushed, the thought of the water spirit who lived up on the mountain bringing color to his cheeks. “Gabriel.”
Something strange stirred within Dean, and he moved to the river’s edge. The water was calm for the first time since he’d started his journey, and Dean marveled at his reflection for a moment, turning this way and that. He looked so very young. He’d lost at least a decade somewhere along the way. “Take me back,” he whispered to the still waters. “Please.”
He hesitated, then. His body seemed to know the motions, but his mind rebelled. “This is… My first time. With a man, I mean.”
And when he was done, he did not weep, but rather rose and stretched, then settled himself at the desk and began to write.
But the other did not turn around, nor did he slow or stop or give any indication whatsoever that he had heard. Sam was about to protest further when their mother appeared at the edge of the clearing.
Castiel frowned at them, tilting his head at the horse. “I don’t know,” he admitted. “It seems that no one ever bothered to name her.” He kicked at the gravel beneath his feet, his anger at whoever had mistreated their new horse a palpable presence between them. “You can do the honors, if you’d like.”
“Show me,” Dean said, in the same softly insistent voice he’d been using all evening. “Show me and I’ll give you everything you need or want or desire.”
“Ace,” Violet said, immediately making the connection between his spot and the reasoning behind his name. The dog turned to her, attentive. “Is he trained?”
One day, while they were lying in bed snuggling, Castiel broached the topic of a backyard for the dogs.
Dean knelt down and surrendered to their kisses. The musical sound of Castiel’s laughter rang out, and soon enough, Clementine wandered in, meowing for food, her sisters and brothers in tow.
As he looked down at the tunic in his hands, Dean Winchester’s two lives slotted perfectly in place – like the closing of a zipper, or the pull of two magnets – and he remembered everything in stunning detail.
He grinned at the sight of them. They were for special occasions, he knew. But wasn’t meeting a new being in the forest occasion enough for celebration?
Gabriel snorted in laughter. Sam peeked out from behind his hiding place and smiled coyly at the angel. “Like you don’t know.”
“Let me get this straight,” Sam was saying. “You’re commissioning me to build you a website because you have too many dogs.” He grinned at Castiel. “What happened to ‘there’s no such thing as too many dogs, Sam. Such a number would be incalculably large.’ You have, what, six of them?”
A short while later, the sheriff was tipping his hat at them, and pulling away in his cruiser, leaving Dean holding the reigns of their new horse, who was beginning to shift from side to side as if she were in pain.
Castiel hesitated for a long moment. “I was going to give him this,” he said quietly. He produced a small locket from his tunic, swung it over his head, and handed it to Gabriel with a gentleness that bordered on reverence.
sound weird," Dean retorts, himself taken back by the sudden aggravation, before schooling himself to be calm, and when he looks up at Castiel, the angel is smiling, all soft and tender.
Dean doesn't say anything, only steps to the side as Rowena walks over to the bed, setting the bowl down on the nightstand. She sucks in a deep breath, glances at Sam, then Dean, and at last, turns to Castiel, who lies asleep, unaware of the visitors in his room.
A sharp, stinging slap landed over his ass cheek, and Castiel let out a loud, agonised scream. His eyes went wide, and tears poured down his face.
is a lie. And it hurts Dean, because he loves Castiel, and that's something Castiel should know at this point. All Dean wants to do is make Castiel happy. Not hurt him.
"Guess we're not always on the same page, huh?" he hiccups, and Dean nudges him forward by the back of his head, pulling him closer to himself as he rests his cheek against Castiel's.
"Hello angel," she chirps, and Dean catches a confounded expression on Castiel's face, before he croaks out a small
"I love you too, sweetheart. Can't tell you how much. So much it hurts me. And I was wrong. I chose to go back, 'cause it was easy, 'cause I wouldn't have to change anything. But now you're here, and I love you so much, and what I feel for you, what
It's the most Dean has said to Castiel since they've met in person, and Castiel stays silent for a long second before responding.
With a sigh, Castiel shuts his door behind him and walks inside. He only gets a few steps further before a loud knock rings through the room, and, on reflex, he looks to the wall.
Dean slumps back down onto the chair, the wooden legs of it crashing back against the wall and causing him to stumble slightly.
Swathes of green fill Dean's eyes as far as he can see. Trees— tall, broad and unnerving, hover over him like a canopy of green, and he feels easy. At least for a moment.
"So, what about you, Cas? You’re a little too free these days, no dates?" He asks, raising a suggestive eyebrow at Castiel.
Castiel doesn't comment on the sudden change, instead pulls away from Dean's arms, and tugs at his hand, urging him to follow Castiel as they walk out of the kitchen, and into the bedroom across the floor. Castiel notes how Dean's eyes linger on Sam's sleeping body, before Castiel pulls him into the bedroom, and shuts the door behind them.
. Remember our deal," the Empty's laughter fades out, once again surrounding Dean with a deafening silence.
Don't go, please, don't leave me." Castiel rests his forehead against Dean's, his breath hot and heavy against Dean's cheek, his hands clutching onto Dean's shirt. When Dean's eyes blink open, he finds himself staring in a pool of blue eyes.
With a nod, Jack resumes, sliding the bow against the strings with ease. Castiel shuts his eyes, leaning forward to rest his hands on his chin as he listens. The pitch falters once, and Jack apologises before Castiel can point it out. He takes it from the top once more.
"Dean?" he asks, his voice hoarse, and Dean gulps, a relieved smile pulling at his lips as he cups Castiel's face, unbothered about the audience behind him.
"Castiel?" Dean asked as he stood at the doorway of the kitchen, and at the call of his name, Castiel jumped slightly, before turning around to meet Dean's wide eyes. Already drunk, Dean had no filter to his thoughts, and even when his cock strained against his trousers, he ignored it as he stumbled into the kitchen. He knew he stunk of alcohol and looked ruined and disheveled, but he couldn't care less, because Castiel was right there, and he looked
"So, what you're saying, essentially, is that because the spell is meant to deteriorate the one thing you love, which is supposedly,
— tell me I was wrong, because I really want to make this right, but I want this to be fair. All these years... and you never said a thing— and that wasn't fair. I need to do this right, so please, please just do whatever you want, shout at me, or punch me, kick me in the gut, call me a jerk, I don't care, but something—"
"Once upon a time, centuries ago, lived a musician. A poet, a prophet and above all, a lover," The Empty starts, and Dean watches, perplexed by the sudden disintegration of Castiel's face into the void. Once again, nothing surrounds Dean— pitch blackness, and yet, the Empty's voice echoes through the void as it continues, "-a man whose music moved the hardest of rocks, grew the smallest saplings into the largest trees, swayed the Heavens to pour rain upon them, called upon the thunder and lightning, spoke to birds and insects, and most of all, won the hearts of every person he ever met. Orpheus. A hero. Loyal, brave, determined, and yet. Broken. Reminds me of someone I know," The Empty sneers.
Truth is, Castiel wants to know what this is. But there’s no one to tell him. And he’s too scared to ask himself.
" Castiel moaned, squeezing his hands over Dean's shoulder as Dean held him up, grinding their throbbing erections against each other.
"I come here to check on the kittens sometimes.” Hesitance bleeds through his voice, no matter how confident Castiel assures himself he sounds, and part of Dean is relieved at being on the same page as him. “-They're in the back, hiding near a tree."
the worlds for her. They were stronger together, and yet somehow, weaker," The Empty pauses for a moment, "-hey, Winchester, didn't Castiel fall from Heaven for you? And didn't you turn Purgatory up-side down trying to find one goddamned angel? Hmm. Strange."
Today was going to be the same. Or at least so Castiel thought until he heard muted noises behind the bare, metal door. He wanted to scream, he wanted to call for help, but he found himself utterly useless— utterly human, save for his glorious black wings, now tied-up and bleeding. Footsteps echoed through the outside of the room he was suspended in, and he felt his skin prickle with anticipation of the pain which was to come.
Silence falls upon them for a few moments, where Dean and Castiel simply stare at one another as the world whitens around them, drowning in the beauty of the first snow of the season.
"She?" Castiel asks incredulously, but he isn't quite surprised by the fact that Dean probably has feelings for his car. He's a strange guy like that. He once mentioned his love for memory foam— a completely random fact that pops into Castiel's head for absolutely no reason. The way Dean had described sleeping on it, Castiel knew it would put the greatest poets to shame.
Sullen, aching, needy, Dean sighs, and pulls his shirt off his chest, letting it fall to the floor as he slips into Castiel's blanket, clad only in his denim jeans, curling around Castiel's back, pressing forward until his nose brushes against the top of Castiel's head. Castiel doesn't respond, but Dean knows he's awake. Without another word, Dean drapes an arm over Castiel's stomach, the other sliding under the angel's neck with some effort. He slips his leg between both of Castiel's, and pulls the angel snug against his chest.
"What a delicious angel," Dean growled, and licked his lips obnoxiously, showing Castiel his long, pink tongue.
Their conversation was cut short however, when Garth showed up, clearing his throat and carrying two, heavy suitcases in his hands. Judging by his lanky build, Castiel would not have guessed him to be able to carry the luggage in, but he seemed to have defied Castiel's expectations.
Dean sucks in a breath before plucking a fry off the plate and popping it in his mouth. Castiel finds his eyes lingering on Dean's lips.
"I've played with it sometimes. And I've thought about you, Sir Winchester. You'd be so—" Castiel breaches the rim, and pushes a single digit inside as he lets out a pained moan, "— so big. I can't control myself, I'm sorry."
"I was right. Your neighbour was right. Sometimes, you just have to admit defeat." Jack says, a pleased tone to his voice as he holds his hands out.
"Awh, baby, you think I'd ever let you fall?" Dean asks, his voice lively and his eyes bubbling with mirth, and with such a beaming expression on Dean's face, Castiel finds it hard to remain cross with him.
"Whatever they are," Dean cleared his throat, and Castiel caught him sending Garth a forbidding glare, "-they're not of import. Garth, could you bring our luggage inside?"
It's true. He hasn't had a single partner in over two years. As sad as that sounds, Castiel doesn't quite feel much about it. He likes the way he lives. He has a steady job as a night shift nurse at the New York Presbyterian Hospital, a part time job as a music instructor, a cosy, warm place to live in, shelves filled with unread books, and a good music system. What else does he need in life?
“Oh please, it’s nothing. Your daughter is lovely, always so curious when we’re speaking.” Castiel watches as his student smiles, and teeters on the threshold of his house, shrinking behind her mother with a shy smile.
"Hello?" he asks, a bit hesitant, since he's never heard Green's voice devoid of the barrier between them. Of course, it wouldn't differ much, but somehow there must be a clarity in the phone call that a conversation through a wall cannot offer.
There it was, the difference between Lisa and him. She was an angel, and Castiel? Castiel had fallen— fallen so low, nothing he held onto would ever pull him up into brightness again.
has known the boy for almost two years now, and within the span of these two years, they've grown quite close, not only as a student and
"Okay, that's enough. You think you can be all cheeky, huh? And you think I won't do anything? Well, I'm done being easy on you."
With a deep breath, Dean presses the tip into Castiel's hole, watching as it finally breaches the rim, prompting the prince to cry out in pleasure. Inch by inch, Dean pushes it in— no, rather, Castiel's hole swallows him inside, deeper and deeper, until their bodies touch each other's, and at last, Dean is buried inside to the hilt.
Castiel's tiny, leaking cock pressed against Dean's thigh as Castiel rode Dean's fingers, and Dean decided to rub it between his other hand, feeling Castiel squeeze his shoulders tightly with the stimulation on both ends.
"No, I mean, something exciting. Like what if... What if George Clooney said the next Ocean's movie is being shot here? How am I supposed to tell you?"
Loud, roaring laughter fills Dean's ears. It echoes through the walls of Dean's mind, and he winces at the sound.
She took a few steps towards Castiel, and at last, Castiel let himself relax as he walked over to meet the woman, Mildred.
Dean beamed at that, and caught Castiel's lips in a gentle, heated kiss, where he slipped Castiel a sliver of tongue, and Castiel let out a tiny moan, hands grasping at Dean's ironed, grey suit, before Castiel pulled away, aware of the company they were in, and schooled Dean's sad, puppy-dog expression with a wide-eyed glare.
A tear rolls down Dean's face. Jesus, when did he start crying so much? Must be the fifteen years he didn't allow himself to. Besides, something about the man behind him tells Dean he's not being judged, as if the man might even understand what Dean is saying,
"Wha— what are you going to do to me?" Castiel asked, only to realise there was no way the demon would ever answer his question, or even acknowledge it, and he hung his head down in surrender, knowing there was no escape for this demon. Perhaps during one of his torture rituals, death would finally engulf Castiel. He would like that. But knowing the demon, it wouldn't. And Castiel would have to live through shame, disgust, and misery— all through the end.
"The only thing you should be using your mouth for," Dean growled, digging his nails into Castiel's jaw as he gripped his chin, "-is to make those pretty little noises, yeah?"
"Have a seat," Castiel murmurs, not bothering to open his eyes as he slides his foot back and allows Dean space to sit. Dean however, lingers at the edge of the bed for a few seconds, before at last, Castiel's eyes flutter open.
He grabs his pen and shuts his eyes. He doesn't want to see himself write it, no, he just wants to pen it all down, no matter how cluttered, how ugly, how smudged the page gets. He needs to let it out.
"My apologies," Dean clears his throat, and takes a hesitant few steps towards his highness' bed, "-but I had to battle an ambush at the northern borders."
"Good," Dean sighs, and drops a kiss between the prince's clothed shoulder blades, "-I will be gentle."
"Oh, of course not. I don't like talking much," There's a pause. “But I have enjoyed talking to you."
The man smiles and steps forward, and at once, Dean's eyes drop to where the man's soft, pink lips curl into a grin. He allows himself the smallest luxury of drinking in the man’s form, his cardigan snug on his broad shoulders, his black denim jeans hugging his lean thighs, and his phone and earphones clutched tightly in his hand. By all means, Castiel,
So, on some mornings, when Castiel comes home from work at around seven, he'll hear a knock on the wall, and with the obedience of a third-grade child in love with his English teacher, Mr. Green will yell out a ‘
With a sigh, Castiel pauses and looks up at the wall, a dreamy smile on his face as Green’s pouty words settle in his thoughts.
Castiel sways on his feet, gently, and it's as if his body works in tune with the violin, swaying to the right on a high note, slumping forward on a low note, and Dean finds himself hypnotized by the sound of the music thrumming under his skin, reverberating off the walls, and spiralling within his mind. Castiel is focused on the movement of his fingers, and the room surges with the melody. The tune is hopeful at times, but also gut-wrenching. It brings to Dean's mind visions of cold, stormy nights, of loss, betrayal, helplessness, but it also shows him images of love, of sunrises, of ecstasy.
Dean doesn't respond for a moment, simply teetering at the edge of the bed, before pushing his boots off, followed by his socks, and bringing his hands up to unbutton his flannel shirt.
Just at the mere thought of Castiel's words, Dean feels the pressure in his gut recoiling and simmering, booming through his gut before ripping through his body, and he comes, thick, hot semen flooding Castiel's tight, virgin hole, as Castiel cries out, and goes almost limp in Dean's arms.
"It's okay, Cas, I'm right here," Dean whispers, and Castiel's breath quickens, chest rising and falling in shallow jerks, as he adapts to the intrusion inside him.
It's almost childish, what he's written—nowhere in comparison to the sonnets poets write for their beloveds— but Dean knows it is true— what he feels, what he wants to say. He just can't put it into spoken words. He simply can't. He folds the paper in half and pushes his chair back, stepping up to walk out the room. In the kitchen, he grabs his lighter and walks over to the sink.
"A deterioration curse is where the body begins to degenerate, as it would if it were dead, the organs slow down, the body temperature rises, the person shivers, trembles, shakes. They're essentially rotting to death."
The movement of someone close to them draws Castiel out of his trance, and he blinks up at a waitress, who clears their dishes away on a tray and wipes the table clean. Dean grabs a paper napkin and rubs his hands clean, and Castiel does the same. They reach for their wallets at the same time, and Dean sends Castiel a threatening look.
. The moment you kill me, the spell will die with me," she pauses, and Dean nods to her words, urging her to go on, "-But in case of a collateral spell; if I curse you with a collateral spell, the others around you will be affected, and not you. In such a case, the spell will derive its power from
Castiel's eyes wander up to gouge Dean's expression, and their eyes meet. Dean notes the deep, red tint spread flush across Castiel's face and neck, and wonders how he never noticed Castiel's blush before. It's beautiful, and Dean wants it to never fade away, especially if it means Castiel is always content. Dean grins, and runs a hand through Castiel's hair, urging him to keep going, but when Castiel drops his mouth open and flicks his tongue against the slit of Dean's cock, it becomes too hard altogether to keep himself balanced on the bed. Not only is the flick extremely teasing, but it's the look in Castiel's eye. Coy. Innocent. Pure. And then there's his tongue. Sinful. Filthy. Sloppy.
Castiel's hand at Dean's jaw falters, and drops to his thigh, where he squeezes hard with a rough groan. At last, his orgasm rips through him, and shoots out in thick strings, painting Dean's hand white. Dean chuckles behind him, pressing another kiss to Castiel's forehead, before slipping his hand out of Castiel's soiled sweatpants.
and blinks away a tear pooling at the rim of his eyes. His head falls back against the wall, and a heavy sigh slips past his lips. Around him, silence lingers for a moment, paired with the soft howling of autumn breeze outside his window. A moment later, he hears the muffled sound of shuffling on the floor, and then a knock thumps against the wall.
"Hey, you met my boyfriend yet?" A wide, shit-eating grin spreads over Dean's face, and Castiel blushes under Dean's praise. "-He's cute, ain’t he? A lil' grumpy right now, but that's 'cause he hasn’t had nothing to eat."
"Dean!" he shouts, enraged as Dean, that bastard who has the audacity to laugh, grabs Castiel by the waist and pulls him down. Both men fall to the ground, Castiel with the paint-brush smudging his cheek and Dean, rolling over in laughter as he tightens his arms around Castiel's waist, pressing his lips to the back of Castiel's neck, much to Castiel's annoyance.
"I'm tired, Dean, I need to sleep." Castiel sighs, and rolls around until he's facing Dean, who stares at him, awestruck by how beautiful Castiel looks, even when he's sick to his core, has barfed his guts out, and has been lying around on the bed all day.
"You know," Dean continues after Castiel remains silent, "-phone calls, video chat, texting, stuff like that."
"Then come is all you're gonna' get," Dean laughed, and threw his head back with a relieved moan as his hand wrapped around his cock, and he stroked himself, masturbating with his tip buried inside Castiel's hole. Castiel dared to push his hips back, but a sharp pinch on one of his cheek's had him mewling, and he learnt his place, now staying put on his knees as Dean huffed and groaned behind him, jerking himself off, thrusting only the tip of his cock inside to torture Castiel, and Castiel whined, before he heard Dean curse frantically, and a moment later, something warm and wet flooded his hole, and he jerked, arching his back as he felt Dean's come coat his insides with its thick texture.
Oh, Castiel wondered, letting out a relieved breath, as he grinned and nodded. "I'm about nineteen weeks along. Four months, roughly."
"Hmm, it's debatable," he chides, voice high and squeaky as he makes fun of Dean. Dean sends him a look, and Castiel snorts, basking in the ease between them. Somehow, being with Dean always makes him calm. He feels no need to hide who he is. He can be what he wants, say what he wants, do as he please, and he knows there is no judgement. Dean is always on the same page, and being with him flows through Castiel without any uncertainty.
"I see. You did do a quite sorry job of sucking my cock," Dean wonders aloud, as if to himself, enjoying covertly as Castiel's face falls, and a pout graces his lips. He almost seems ready to weep, but Dean would be too cruel if he continued this.
to break Castiel. Benny was slurring about catching up with Dean, but Castiel couldn't be less bothered. He pushed himself off the love-seat, and turned to walk away, when a hand— broad and familiar, grabbed his wrist, and Castiel paused.
Crowley winks at him. “Why, thank you.” Cas would roll his eyes if he had mental capacity to do so. He feels full to bursting, his insides stretched tight. The hand shifting slightly deeper makes him whimper. Crowley edges it in more, keeping a careful eye on Cas’ reactions. He doesn’t try to form an actual fist, he knows that the girth of his relaxed hand is almost too much on it’s own. He slides it outwards until the flare of his wrist catches. Cas tosses his head back into the pillow with a breathy cry. The slow thrust in has him clutching the sheets with a whine.
The knife pulls away from his neck. He’s suddenly shoved forward, onto his stomach. Before he can find his bearings, he’s being yanked up by his arms. “Dean?!” He can’t help but struggle as he’s slammed down onto his back. Before he even realizes what’s happening, his wrists are secured in the leather cuffs attached to the headboard. He lies there, his heavy breathing filling the sudden silence, for what feels like minutes, but could only be a few agonizing seconds.
“I’m not saying that.” Dean’s smirk returns and he lets go of Cas’ chin. He leans back and continues driving down the dilapidated road. “But-” Cas considers his words for a moment. “This doesn’t feel right. Not while you’re... like this.”
place.” Dean’s familiar contempt for Crowley makes Cas smile, just slightly. But the image of the two
“You wanna cum on his fist?” Dean’s voice is low, even for him. He reaches out and runs a finger up Cas’ cock. Cas’ hips jerk towards the stimulation. Dean’s other hand moves to hold his hips down, to keep him from hurting himself.
“Dean!” He wants to beg for it to stop, but one look at Dean stops him in his tracks. He’s standing at the end of the bed, cock in hand. He slowly strokes himself with his eyes locked on where the toy is pounding Cas. As his eyes slowly slide up Cas’ body to his face, they flash black for just an instant, just long enough to remind Cas of who’s in control. Cas lets his head fall back onto the pillow. He stares up at the ceiling, trying to ignore how hard his cock is, how good it feels. The machine shifts, starts shoving deeper. Cas cries out, but he doesn’t ask for it to stop. He sucks in desperate breaths and accepts the feeling of the machine splitting him apart. The pleasure’s building steadily in his gut, the bit of pain somehow seems to add to it.
“Take ‘em off right here. I wanna watch.” He lets go and steps back until he can sit on the edge of the bed. “Go on.”
“Dean...” He feels both the urge to bolt from the car and try to lose Dean in the forest, as well as to turn his head and kiss him for as long as he’s allowed. The options run circles in his head, he doesn’t know what to do.
Dean murmurs directly against his lips, “I’m gonna come all over you, angel.” Cas nods wordlessly. Dean pulls Cas’ hand off of him and shifts up his body until his cock is almost touching Cas’ mouth. He briefly considers making Cas suck him off again, but he’d meant it when he’d said this was just a warm up. He jerks himself off, quickly bringing himself to the edge.
lasts longer than him, but it’s the worst when he fucks him like this, leaving him sore and over-sensitive.
the kind of thing I like to hear.” He strokes himself as he looks at Cas’ face. Cas burns with humiliation. Dean cocks his head to the side and licks his lips. “Take the shirt off.” Cas forces his hands into motion. He tugs the shirt off and sets his hands on his thighs. His shins ache from being pressed to the wood floor, but he doesn’t dare readjust.
His eyes squeeze closed. How many times has he thought about Dean touching him like this? He can feel himself getting hard. He’s ashamed, he can’t help but be, but it’s not enough to quell the reaction. His enjoyment outweighs his discomfort until Dean’s hand slides up and gives him a gentle squeeze.
Without warning, three of Crowley’s thick fingers plunge into him. He gasps. Despite stretching himself so much, he can’t help but tense up.
Together, they approached the animal. Dean smiled when he saw her, and stilled when the animal looked at him warily. “Hey, Daisy,” he said, raising his hand as an offering. “Who’s a beautiful horsey?”
“I know,” Castiel answered him. “But I promise you, Duke and Mr. Fitz aren’t going anywhere, and we still have Mirabel for the moment, and Bear too.” He whistled, and said dogs came running.
“Show me, angel.” Dean’s voice was soft yet insistent. He pressed another kiss to Castiel’s hip, and the angel thought he just might come undone at the simple, teasing gesture.
It was in this state that Sam found them. He began to count in his head, humming a little louder with each passing set of 3. He got to twenty-two before he stopped and sighed. “Don’t you guys ever need to breathe?” He asked, setting the beers down on the table with a loud thud that caused both Dean and Castiel to startle.
“Not unless she starts asking stupid questions,” the man said, steely blue eyes peering into Dean’s.
As the afternoon wore on into the evening, Castiel couldn’t help but notice Dean had been awfully quiet, asking only the most basic of questions about the operation of the website and offering polite, measured responses when he was asked about the positioning of a photo or the word choice of part of Mirabel’s adoption advertisement.
First, he summoned the rabbits and fed them the last of the little pieces of dried carrot they’d saved from the last harvest. Next, he put an offering by the altar for the Gods, then he tided a bit, making the cots back up, and rolling the skins they slept under into neat pile.
The storm was now upon them. The wind had grown to a gale, and the lightning struck just moments before the thunder.
But Dean just scooped up as many of the creatures as he could carry, and left with a victorious look over his shoulder.
“No. I am so sorry that I hurt you with what I said earlier. But I need you to know that you are my family, first and foremost. You are my home. You’re everything, Dean. You’re the cake; the dogs are the icing.”
Eyes boring into Sam’s, Castiel said, “Dean doubtless told you what I told him. You want to know why you’re here.”
He pressed a kiss to the ground just below the flood line, and made his way silently back towards the mountain ranges he called home.
Dean nibbled along the length of Castiel’s collarbone, sending shivery sparks down the length of his stomach. He writhed beneath Dean, who took pity on him and slipped his leg between Castiel’s to allow the other to rut against him.
Dean stumbled to his feet, and almost fell into the river, so great was his haste to get away. Where, it didn’t matter, as long as he put some distance between himself and Cas.
And that is the story of how Castiel ended up being tackled by a certain Dean Winchester, who kissed him like the dawn kisses the morning sky, hands trying to roam everywhere all at once, heart overflowing with the tenderness of an old love that still felt brand new.
“I love you,” Dean said softly after a long moment of quiet. It didn’t seem right to break the silence with any other words.
“You’re lucky she didn’t,” Sam said disapprovingly. “It’s the first day of the season, and you planted our most sacred crop.”
“I dreamt it,” Sam said. “I... I’ve had strange dreams all my life. It’s all starting to make sense!” He waved his hands about as if to illustrate.
At first, Dean was sure the poor, frightened mare was going to barrel into him, but she slowed and came to a halt just in front of him, nuzzling him and presenting her neck for him to stroke.
It was a comfort to know that after they had been fed and stopped fussing, he could go back to bed for several glorious hours, and Castiel would take care of the next feeding.
“You don’t,” a gratingly familiar voice said from just beyond the tree-line. “She’s a wild horse. No one has ever trained her.” Castiel sounded distracted. “It’s a good sign that you were able to ride her. It means you still have some dryad left in you.”
The sheriff narrowed his eyes. “Some folks ‘round here would rather live in the city, where the people talk fast and think slow. I reckon that the owners up and left. Happens too often.”
“If you want to thank me,” Castiel began, cupping Dean’s cheek in his palm, “start by telling me you’ll learn to love me again.”
“Just… Just there,” Dean said, approaching his lover. “Here, let me get it for you,” he said, and proceeded to kiss his angel senseless.
It turned out the dog’s name was Mirabel the III, which Dean thought was a rather pretentious name for a dog, but at least she’d come to them spayed.
“I know,” Dean whispered, voice trembling. “I love you,” he said, rejoicing at how easily the words sprung to his lips, and how their truth made his chest bloom with warmth.
“Good night, Dean,” Castiel said after they drew apart, such as serene smile gracing his face that Dean felt compelled to say things he wasn’t sure he wouldn’t regret in the morning, so he bit his tongue and nodded.
“You were a hunter,” Castiel sighed. At the stricken look in Dean’s eyes, he belatedly remembered that Dean now had strong bonds with the animals of the forest. “Not of animals. Of monsters,” he hastened to add. “You and your brother travelled the country in search of people in need of saving.”
“Tell me you remember,” Castiel pleaded. “Tell me you know me. Tell me… You love me like you used to.”
Dean met his gaze, and they shared a long moment of silence, broken only by their breathing. “Cas,” Dean whispered. It was his turn to beckon the angel towards him for a hug. “You know that you’re everything to me, right?”
Sam’s gaze met Gabriel’s. “Which means you can make me remember too,” he said, running across the carpet of petals and up to Gabriel, eyes pleading.
“Did Gabriel tell you that my tree is in bloom?” Dean asked, a hint of a smile gracing his features.
Michael’s eyes narrowed into slits. “Don’t you think I had the same hopes? The same dreams? Whatever went wrong with Adam can and will go wrong with other dryads.” He turned around, trembling, as he tried to regain what little composure he had left. “I didn’t want to have to do this,” Michael said, solemnly. “But I am ordering you not to make any of the other forest spirits remember.”
Gabriel’s features took on a savage look. “I know you are still hoping he will come to us and raise the Heavens and move the Earth. How many decades has it been, now? You’ve lain in this riverbed a century; more. I know you still believe in Him.” Gabriel shook his head. “Your faith is unshakable, brother. God has been gone since you were a fledgling and from what I’ve heard, he’s been absent since the time of Lucifer’s creation.”
“Just one thing,” Dean said, and took Castiel’s face in his hands. “I just need you to know that I love you.” He leaned closer. “So much,” he added, and then he could no longer resist the magnetic pull between them, and they were kissing, slow and sweet and full of everything they wished to convey to one another.
Dean raised an eyebrow. He’d always thought of archangels as unmovable beings, heart of stone; blood of bone; nerves of stronger stuff than steel. They were unshakable – storms burning in the heart of distant suns.
What followed next was a rush of words and phrases that tumbled out of Castiel all at once, and almost, but not quite, in the right order. He looked at Dean hopefully.
“We’ve spent the last few millennia at each other’s throats,” Gabriel observed, not daring to voice the fragile hope that maybe, just maybe, it would be worth it to try.
“Very much so,” Castiel replied, but he was momentarily distracted by the way Dean licked his lips and amended, “Well, probably rather important. I mean- Well, I suppose it could wait a few moments.” At this point, Dean was nibbling along his collarbone, one hand gently moving down the dip of Castiel’s waist. Castiel was quite distracted and growing more eager by the second.
He nodded, and was quiet for a moment. “Thank you,” he said, and Sam sprung forward and wrapped him in a hug.
I loved writing this story and may come back to it at some point in the future, but inspiration has led me elsewhere. Thank you to everyone who has read and commented on and supported this story.
“Because. You told me you didn’t know what to say. I’m asking you to say ‘yes.’” From the depths of his pockets, he produced a small, red box that looked burgundy in the low light. “Dean Winchester, will-”
Before long, Violet, Becca, Ace, and Cherry Pie were saying their last goodbyes, walking out the door, and driving away.
Castiel nodded, desperate for more – more of the sweet friction Dean was providing against his aching length, more of his lover’s slow, sultry kisses, more words of reassurance and adoration.
Dean wiped tears from his eyes. “Yeah, but I must have died some time ago myself. You said it’s been more than a century.”
That was all Gabriel needed to hear. He took Michael’s hand in his own and they shook on it for a little longer than strictly necessary. Michael didn’t seem to be planning on stopping anytime soon, so Gabriel pulled him in for a hug.
And so the day went, from feeding the animals of the forest to preparing the day’s evening meal and tidying up their humble abode.
Castiel turned but didn’t let go of Dean’s shirt, effectively yanking him forward. “The storm is still a few miles away. There’s a barn not far from here.” Only then did he release the other.
“There aren’t any no-kill shelters in the area. I just thought you’d like to, I don’t know, save an innocent life?” And then Charlie began to pout, and the dog on her lap perked up and damn if it wasn’t the cutest little thing he’d seen in quite some while.
And so it went – Dean following in close pursuit, Castiel stealing glances behind him. At some point, Dean had to switch the reigns to one hand to avoid losing his hat.
Gabriel sighed a long, world-weary sigh. “It would hurt too much. I loved him for who he was, and what he stood for. I don’t know who he is, now, and it’d dishonor his memory to go cavorting about with someone who looked like him and spoke like him – and wasn’t him.”
Both were silent as Dean settled down on the damp ground. Castiel turned to Dean like the moon turns its face to the sun – as though he were the only light in a stricken world.
“Dean,” Mary said. “I…” Something about her had changed, but Dean couldn’t quite put his finger on it. “I was at Ryder’s house when a spirit he’d never seen before led us both to the river. I… I remember.” She smiled at him. “Two lives, one mind. It’s all a bit new.” She knelt down on the ground before Dean, took her son’s cheek in her hand, caressing it gently. “My son,” she said. “I know I haven’t always been the mother you needed. In another life…” She shook her head as if to clear the fog of memories that had settled in her mind’s eye. “But I’m here now.”
Dean’s brightest, most beautiful smile greeted him. “Of course,” he answered. And then, after a beat, “I’ll watch over you.”
“Oh, come here, you,” Gabriel said, and waded into the water to embrace Castiel in a big, sodden hug. “What’s gotten into you? You haven’t looked this down since…” At Castiel’s warning look, he trailed off. “You know.”
“I thought I was what made your life worth living,” he said, aiming for gruffness but falling far short, if only based on the way Castiel looked down at him and lifted his chin until he was staring at him with such intensity that Dean felt as though Castiel were peering into the very heart of the burning star that was his soul, unflinchingly.
Castiel’s halo still shone on them both, but its light was fading now as it receded into the plane of existence where it normally resided.
In the end, it was Mr. Fitz who interrupted him by ambling into the room, a small envelope attached to his collar in such a way that Dean couldn’t quite tell if it had been intentional or if Mr. Fitz had just gotten himself into some sort of stray paperwork.
We two – you and me, against the world – we were star-crossed, destined to keep falling in and out of each other’s orbit. I loved you like a man loves his savior, his angel; this holy being, descended from the heavens just to strike strange, echoing chords in his heart.
Gabriel spared Sam a fond look before continuing. “All I’m saying is that you’ve lived a charmed life as a dryad. As a human…” Gabriel’s eyes closed. “You suffered a great deal.”
Michael’s eyes flashed. “You are no longer the Herald, Gabriel. The end has come and gone. Look around you; the message is out. And you aren’t just the messenger; you’re the one who made Dean Winchester, of all dryads in that forest, remember his past life. And now you’re thinking of making his brother remember as well.”
“Well, if there were children in the house, or other pets, we’d recommend a home visit. But that won’t be necessary in this case,” Castiel explained. “And you’re good people. I can tell.”
A clap of thunder sounded low in the distance, and rainclouds were brewing on the horizon. A storm was forming somewhere to the west, working its way out to sea.
The soft sound of the door sliding into place made Dean smile. “We’re finally alone,” he said, voice dropping into a rough whisper.
In which Dean isn't exactly pleased to learn of another horse five (and a half) minutes before she is due to arrive.
“I’m sorry, but I can’t do that,” Gabriel sighed. “I’ll talk to my brethren. Maybe once they see that Dean still lives, they’ll wish for their dryads to remember as well. If and only if that goes well, we’ll see about giving you back your memory too.”
“The new settlements are all doing well. Another child is being born today – the child of two nephilim from the first generation born in the forest. Oh, and Michael is thinking of sending a few of us to scout some land further inland.” He summoned two horses with a long, echoing whistle. “All is well,” he said as they greeted their steeds with bits of carrot.
“I believe I did,” Castiel said, not the slightest hint of remorse in his voice. “There’s no one for miles,” he mused. “I could do whatever I like.” He paused. “I’ll race you the barn. There’s a trace of a trail, there, where the grass is worn shorter than the rest of the meadow.”
Now that his tasks were finally over, he was left with too much time on his hands. Their mother had gone to visit a neighbor about a mile away, and Sam had left to forage, so he laid in his bed of furs, elevated above the floor by a woven platform, fiddling with the relics of his life as it had been.
“Okay, I surrender,” he said. A long moment of silence followed, and Castiel rested his palm on Dean’s shoulder, allowing him the time to mull over his next thought. “On one condition.”
Lowering his arm, Dean reached towards Castiel, who didn’t make any move to reach back. “I do love you,” Dean said quietly. “But I don’t remember a damn thing. And I thought I knew who you were… But I guess I was wrong.”
The darkness descended upon him, a gentle, velvet black that did not abate no matter which way Castiel turned his head.
Gabriel lowered his blade an inch, then raised it two, suspicion coloring his every feature. “What do you mean?”
Castiel – who Dean imagined had been envisioning oodles upon oodles of puppies, all of whom bore some resemblance either to Mirabel or to Mr. Fitz or Duke, or even Pepper, who was, as far as they knew, much too old and far too lazy to sire a litter – was ever so slightly heartbroken, but Dean managed to make it up to him, this time in the bathtub which they’d installed for the sole purpose of seeing how standing water mixed with sex.
Dean brushed his teeth, slicked back his hair, and grabbed two wide-rimmed cowboy hats from one of their many closets.
“This Michael isn’t a force you want to reckon with. He’s been torn apart by grief. He has nothing left to lose, and he’s not going to stop at anything to get what he thinks is best.”
Lightning forked somewhere far away, and Dean counted the seconds. He got to sixteen before a clap of thunder sounded, low and lowling, rumbling across the land as the breeze grew stronger and more sustained.
Castiel shook his head. “No. You and Sam actually managed to prevent that.” He sighed. “No, this war had nothing to do with angels… It was humanity. It tripped and fell upon its own sword. Those last few days and weeks… I don’t think anyone knew what they were fighting for, anymore. The bombs…”
“I hope for your sake that he doesn’t,” Gabriel said darkly. “There are plenty of fire spirits I can introduce you to that have been around for ages; you need someone who understands you. You can’t go galivanting off with a young soul that wasn’t even around when-” He took a deep, calming breath. “All I’m trying to say is, guard your heart. You need someone who is going to understand you.”
“So we prove him wrong,” Castiel said. He turned to Dean and clasped the other’s hand in his own. “It won’t be the first time.”
“Castiel,” Dean said, enjoying the taste and feel of the syllables as he spoke them. “I’m going to call you Cas.”
Castiel turned to him and placed a gentle hand on his cheek. “We live,” he began. “And we love, and we laugh and we remember what came before and dedicate ourselves to building something better – we find great and lasting truths, we forge an unshakable peace that will not be swayed by Heaven or Earth, and we remake the world in its image.”
It occurred to him that this horse had never known a saddle atop her back, nor the bite of a bridle, so Dean clung to the creature’s neck instead, hating the jostling motions of the horse as she kept up a firm canter.
When the last of what had made him an angel was gone, he fell to his knees, and crawled towards the river he knew so well. He’d sustained her, and her plants and fish and the wildlife that came to drink of her sweet, sweet waters, and he knew, even past the haze of grief and the hollowness in his heart where once had been such devoutness, such divinity; that the river would carry him home.
“I love you too,” Castiel said, as soon as he trusted himself to speak again. His voice was still shaky, but it didn’t crack. He gratefully accepted the water that Dean lifted to his lips, and drank heartily of it.
In which Dean ends up with a box full of orphaned baby possums, and Castiel is the only one thinking rationally about the ratio of square footage in their home to the number of possums that can reasonably fit in one place.
Castiel closed his eyes and prayed. When he opened them again, he smiled and said, “He’ll be here by the time the sun reaches its zenith.”
Dean tried to smile, but it fell short and he sighed instead. He opened his mouth to bite out a witty retort, but a feeble “I’m sorry,” was all that came out.
Castiel met Violet’s eyes for a moment longer than was socially acceptable, and then he did the same to Becca. “He’s yours,” he said.
Gabriel’s voice was pained when he spoke next. “I’m not sure you do,” he said sadly. “You’ve lived twenty years in this forest, and-”
Dean rolled his eyes. “So you’re saying you’re buying the whole ‘beloved by angels’ thing? Because I’m sure as hell not.”
He held the tunic tighter. Castiel always came back to him. The end of the world itself couldn’t keep them apart.
After stumbling about half-awake for a few moments, Dean managed to dress himself in his most comfortable jeans and a plaid shirt – bright red a stark contrast against the dark blue of his jeans and undershirt, and the paleness of his skin, which the summer sun had yet to deepen into a tanner, more golden color.
It was evident that many years had passed, and Dean was overtaken by a sudden sense of remorse. He felt like he’d been caught sleeping at the gates, like he’d dozed through the better part of two hundred years, like he’d been living a dream and had just now awakened into a nightmare.
“I want to feel it,” Dean continued, voice low and strained. “Everything you’re feeling now. Everything you’ve ever felt. Show me, angel. Show me everything.”
Gabriel looked up towards the stars, which were slowly beginning to fade into view as color drained from the sky like the glacial streams from high up on the mountain drained into the valley, feeding the river Castiel protected. “You know how Michael is,” he said with a dismissive wave of his hand.
“Yeah, but she doesn’t know anything about…” Sam gestured between them. “This,” he settled on. “Your memory. The past.” Sam looked both ways before leaning in. “I’ve been thinking, and… I don’t even know why she’s here.”
“Then what do you suggest we do?” Dean asked, rising. “Because I’m not going to stand by and let you drain whatever is left of Castiel’s Grace into the river because you’ve ‘got a plan’ that might work, if we’re very, very lucky;
“Dean,” Castiel chided. “Just think about it. All those small little kitten faces and their sweet little paws and their tiny mews.”
“There are worse things in life,” Castiel noted, smiling as he made his way towards Dean. “What’s his name?”
Castiel let out a little laugh. “It’s called a tunic,” he said. “But I suspect you knew that already.” He paused. “Ask me what you really want to know,” he prompted.
“Maybe that’s because I find something new to love about you every day,” Castiel returned, suddenly serious once more.
Sam had stopped many times throughout the course of the day to admonish him. Dean gritted his teeth and allowed it. He was, in truth, utterly inept at fully half of the tasks that were now required of him.
?” His eyes took on a steely glint, and Castiel stood and began to back away, towards the river. “How dare you?”
Every inch of the room spoke to him in dulcet tones, singing of Castiel, both his presence and his absence. Here was the mixtape Dean had gifted him, in a place of honor on the mantle. There, a spare tie, blue as the sky and bluer still. Some dress shirts, folded in the corner. The closet, ever so slightly ajar. An upturned corner of a sheet, an impression left in the middle of the bed. Dean imaged Castiel praying, then wished he hadn’t, because suddenly, he was on his knees before the bed, elbows resting in the wrinkles where Castiel had sat, on the verge of weeping.
“Oh,” Dean concluded, taking a moment to mull it over. “So, does that mean I’m not as good with animals as I think I am?” He laughed.
Smiling gently, Gabriel kissed him again, and Sam saw the stars past the clouds. Then a great weight seemed to settle on his shoulders, and he slid down, down, down, into darkness. He had just enough time to register Gabriel’s arms closing in around him before the darkness claimed him.
Sam and Dean both bowed their heads, and a silent agreement passed between the four of them. No one spoke as they observed a moment of silence for their lost half-brother, but Gabriel held onto Sam tighter and Cas slung an arm around Dean’s shoulder.
So much time passed after the night of the kiss that Castiel half-thought he’d dreamt it up. He woke often on the bottom of the river, gasping water deep into his lungs as he freed himself from the throes of another nightmare.
He might have taken the long way ‘round, but in the end, every road he’d ever taken had led him back to where he belonged – into the warm, loving arms of a certain Dean Winchester.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel had greeted, grinning like he hadn’t just been thoroughly kissed. The dog, which had good-naturedly allowed itself to be crushed between their bodies up until this point, began to whine pitifully. Needless to say, it stayed.
She strode up to him, took his chin in her hands, and turned his head this way and this. “There’s a spark in your eyes,” she said, smiling. “I suppose your absence can be excused, if young love is to blame.”
Castiel settled deeper into Dean’s embrace, and, sated, began to drift asleep. Just as he about to float away, he heard Dean shift closer and whisper, “Love you, angel,” and Castiel let himself fall the rest of the way, a smile etched on his lips.
“It’s alright,” Sam decided, shrugging. “I don’t remember anything before the Great Awakening.” He clapped Dean on the shoulder. “I guess that makes us even.”
Their bodies gravitated together once more, and their lips met in one final, chaste kiss. Then they parted and went their separate ways, Dean towards his brother and Gabriel, and Castiel downhill, past the tree-line, to the edge of the river, where the water raged and roiled.
“Bingo,” Gabriel said, pointing his fingers like a gun and shooting at Dean. “Come along, both of you. Something is happening that you’d better see.”
He wrapped his fingers around the gilded bars and shook. He’d wanted to make sure, and this – this was proof enough. The gate opened for every angel, but no man or woman whose feet had ever touched the ground of this Earth.
“It’s as if they make life worth living, you know? Just you and me and all these dogs. Maybe we’ll start a shelter. Castiel’s Haven for Runaway Dogs, Unwanted Cats, and Other Homeless Animal Types.” Dean made a face at the name, and tried to slow his pounding heart.
That was where he found himself now – those last few minutes when the truce between land and sky still held, the sun just beginning to slip under the cover of the rainclouds speeding toward him and Castiel.
Their days were mostly spent taking care of their various animals, from the dogs (minus Pepper, who Sam had taken a liking to and insisted stay with him) to the kittens, who were growing larger and more rambunctious by the hour.
“No,” Castiel insisted. “We stand and fight. Together. Like it’s always been.” Castiel’s eyes shone as they searched Gabriel’s.
Dean nodded, and reached for Castiel, who hugged him carefully enough to avoid squishing Heather between them.
Cas nodded his understanding. “Are there other horses in need of a home?” Then he remembered his earlier conversation with Dean when the other began to glare at him. “I mean, I’d need to discuss it with my partner first but-”
The river burbled and bubbled. Deep within, a naiad was waking from his slumber. The river’s protector and guardian, he’d had little work to do during the past winter, which had been so desperately cold that the banks of his body of water had grown far too icy for animals to come to drink. They had, instead, relied on snowmelts and the glacial runoffs that came down fresh and full of minerals from the mountain pass.
“This could kill you, couldn’t it?” Dean whispered, tears gathering at the edges of his vision. Gently, so gently, Castiel reached up to wipe them away.
“You’ve taken an unacceptable risk,” the elder archangel said. He ran a hand over his face, and turned to Gabriel looking world-weary, his frown lines appearing to age his eternal vessel, the one he’d forged from the mountain, stone made flesh and bone, snow made into blood and sinew.
With a care that bordered on reverence, Castiel took the mirror, and gasped at his reflection. The lines that betrayed his age had disappeared, and his face was once again as smooth and unmarred as Dean’s. One hand flew up to touch the dewy-looking skin of his face, and he smiled.
Dean rolled his eyes. They had, of course, stuck by their original agreement to allow Castiel to name his favorite of the growing cats, but at the last moment Dean had blurted the name “Candy Cane.” Castiel had sighed, and accepted the fact that Muffin, Peaches, Clementine, Honey, and Cherry Pie needed a sibling with a name like Candy Cane instead of, oh, say, Tabitha or Katherine or Lady, or really, just about anything else that wasn’t even remotely sweet-related.
“What?” Michael asked. “All you wanted was for your precious Sam to remember you? You wanted him back at your side and in your bed?” Michael’s jaw worked, and his eyes were steely. “I can’t say I don’t understand. But that kind of thinking is what killed Adam Milligan. I have told you time and again, don’t make my mistakes. And now you’ve gone and made them – with someone else’s beloved, no less. For all we know, Dean could be on his death bed down in that valley.”
Dean couldn’t help but smile. “I mean it. The house is sparkling. You’ve already told the dogs to be on their best behavior. Everything is perfect.” He reached out to adjust the collar of Castiel’s shirt, and grinned at his handiwork. “There.
A distant part of him wanted to scream, but there was a larger part of him that was awakening, as if a great number of doors had been thrown open all at once in the library of his mind.
Dean looked at Cas with hungry eyes, and if either he or Castiel had been able to look away from the other, they’d have noticed Sam looking at Gabriel in much the same manner.
Sam, in a fit of rage, shoved at Gabriel, who stumbled back. It was a testament to how much of his Grace was depleted that he tripped on a root, his limbs sprawled haphazardly across the forest floor.
Sighing, Castiel settled himself beside Dean and wrapped an arm around him. “I wanted to see if you’d remember,” he said, lips entirely too close to Dean’s own for comfort.
“You know,” Castiel was saying as they settled into their little nest of sorts. “The dogs are going to have to go out eventually.”
“Mhmm,” Dean murmured into Castiel’s chest. He was more interested in nuzzling closer than in taking offense to Castiel’s previous statement, but then Castiel continued and Dean grew stiffer and more rigid in his lover’s embrace moment by moment.
He’d been riding back home from the Bunker, where he and Sam had shared dinner and a beer, as was their new Friday-night custom, when his headlights had illuminated a bit of roadkill that looked rather fresh. In the fading light of dusk, he could just barely make out movement.
“Answer me!” Dean barked. They were standing, in the pouring rain, too close for comfort, yet the distance between them seemed impassable.
“Fuck,” he cursed, knowing he’d never hear the end of it if he didn’t get out and check on the poor creature.
Castiel rose from the river, stepping out and shaking the water from his skin. “I’ll answer them,” he said.
Memory after memory paraded themselves through his field of vision as he watched the stricken world drift in its place amongst the stars, alone and so very afraid.
“Help me understand,” Dean pleaded. “Help me navigate this world.” When the other was silent, Dean turned away for a moment to compose himself. “Don’t leave me to do this alone.”
Dean didn’t surface for three days, during which Castiel rarely left his side. Occasionally, he would trickle river water into Dean’s mouth, and mop his brow. The fever didn’t break until dawn of the third night, at which point Dean slowly roused.
And so Dean let his mother rest his head upon her lap, and allowed her to soothe him into a deep, dreamless sleep.
Cas leaned down to sweep Dean’s hair out of the way and press one last, tender kiss atop his temple, smiling sadly at him before turning and silently making his way down the ladder. The door was quiet as it was pulled shut, but the jingle of keys that preceded was loud in the predawn light.
“No!” Dean said, half-shouting in the rush to correct his partner. “I mean, no. Cas… This is the good kind of surprise. I can tell you put a lot of thought into this, and I mean, hey, one of us has to be the romantic, right?” He smiled, and closed the distance between them until they were standing in the same space, breathing the same air. “I really want to kiss you right now.”
Frowning, Castiel smoothed a stray lock of hair out of Dean’s eyes. “I’m sorry, Dean. Being human is…. Intense,” he settled on. “And I’ve missed you. Oh, how I’ve missed you.”
The end of summer was crashing upon them, the humid August heat weighing them down with the worries of the world beyond this season of freedom and frivolousness. The space they’d carved out in this suburban haze just for themselves was closing in around them as they began to suffocate under the promise of autumn.
Hours passed. The sun set, and Castiel said a brief prayer for his brother’s safe passage through the mountains, back to his home.
Castiel never got a chance to know whether or not the door that led unto Heaven would open for him, as the gate that protected the entryway didn’t yield.
And Dean, furious, walked out of the door and into the pounding rain, the fallen flower petals slowly making their way back to ground reminding him at once of everything he’d already lost, and all that he’d yet to lose.
“Almost,” Dean promised, slowly working in a second finger, then a third. He took great care to brush against the other’s prostate every so often, keeping him on the knife edge of orgasm, but not letting him tumble over.
The sight took his breath away – Castiel, angel of the Lord; his personal savior, sitting atop a mighty horse, dawn rendering him softer, the angles and lines of his body seeming smoother, now, in the golden half-light.
The angel had been mostly silent up until now, but he could help but groan at Dean’s words. “Yes,” he hissed. “So good. I’ve missed this; I’ve missed you.”
The drawer, as he suspected, had a false bottom. Underneath it was a flurry of letters, each dated and sealed.
“Don’t do this to me now,” Dean begged. “You’re leaving in a week.” Images of Castiel’s train rolling away into the light of other days rose unbidden in his mind.
“That could mean anything,” Michael said, suddenly looking distracted. “Or nothing at all,” he added, almost as an afterthought.
None, save Castiel, who spoke to Dean from beyond the grave in every possible way – Castiel, whose scent hit Dean like a shooting star as he made his way to the other’s bed – the bed they could have shared, the bed they would now never share, the bed he longed to press Castiel down onto and – and, well, it was too late for that, too late to lament the pettiness and the smallness of his dreams.
Castiel had always been highly attuned to Dean’s moods, and now was no different. “Dean, breathe,” he said, hand hovering over Dean’s upper arm, but Dean flinched away.
“I did, yes,” the former angel agreed. For some reason, Dean couldn’t bring himself to think of Castiel as a water nymph anymore. There was something holy, he reflected, about him – from the manner in which he held himself to the fathomless depths of his eyes, and the way he looked at Dean like he was staring straight into his soul.
