Dean nodded and started walking to the kitchen.
“To be fair, part of it is metabolism. Everyone in my family is lithe and compact. Unfortunately, that means we also tend to be on the shorter side.” Castiel smiled. “Hello, Meg.”
“We were thinking we could use it for an event location,” Dean said. “You know, like how Fortuna Orchards uses one of their converted barns for the apple pie contest?”
“What about?” Castiel said. “You don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to. I won’t take it personally.”
"After that, for a few years in my twenties, I just bounced around. I was a yoga instructor in New Zealand for about six months. Spent a little over a year winterizing houses for low-income elderly folks in Maine, a couple years managing a homeless shelter. I wrote a left-wing blog in my spare time that garnered a decent following. Eventually, I applied to do my doctoral research in political science at a few places. The University of Maryland offered me a spot with full funding and—" he sipped his wine. "Well, that brings us to now."
“Charlie told me all about it.”
“Not Dad. He’s gone. I mean us, our family, you know, going forward.” Dean glanced at Castiel, then Eileen. “I guess I’m just asking if it feels right to you.”
“‘We’ll have to steal honey from the market towns, consequences be damned,’” Dean mumbled. He flipped open another one. “‘Organizing an expedition into the lord’s woods to collect beehives. Fortnight commitment required.’” Another: “‘This is about life or death. Blue-Eyes demands more honey. Our only choice is to raid Jericho’s orchards. Meet at the bottom of the pass on the night of the next full moon.’”
So damn special.
“You okay? Must be the sawdust in the air.”
“Well, I didn’t want to show up emptyhanded. It’s a strawberry rhubarb pie from my favorite bakery.”
Remove the pudding from the refrigerator and check the consistency. It should be thick and creamy. If it’s too thin, you can add an additional teaspoon or two of chia seeds and return it to the fridge for a half-hour or so.
“It was probably harder for Cass,” Kelly said. “He was pretty messed up back then. Not with drugs or anything, just mentally.”
“Good. You look…very handsome, Dean.”
“‘I watched the video of you and Dean you linked on your Instagram,’” Castiel read out. “‘Perhaps I misjudged the situation. It’s clear that you feel some affection for him beyond infatuation.’”
“Uh. Why?”
He was staring down at his crotch in consternation when Sam’s throat-clearing interrupted him.
*If you’re cooking for fewer people, I’d recommend still making the entire sauce and just cooking as much pasta as you need. The sauce keeps just fine and you can have the rest of it tomorrow.
Castiel loaded up his first hot dog and thanked Dean for doing the grilling. He poured both of them mugs of hot tea from his black cast-iron teapot. It was a sunny day, even a couple degrees warmer than the forecast had said it would be, but it was still late October. The brisk autumn wind blew in from the woods and through the house’s eaves, making a hot drink distinctly welcome.
Dean gasps when Castiel’s tongue reaches his hole. He reaches forward and spreads his thighs open.
Juice of ½ lemon
They found a table on the patio, shaded by a thick cloth umbrella and separated from the sidewalk by overflowing boxes of multicolored pansies. Dean pointed out a few of the businesses on Main Street—a bookstore with a cat who jumped up onto the counter at the ring of the cash register; a gift emporium that specialized dually in chocolates and “healing crystals”; a store that, mystifyingly, seemed to only sell door handles. Sam brought their order to them, lingering for a minute to chat before he returned to the interior, and the table lapsed into relative quiet as they dug into their food.
He regretted telling Cas to leave like he had. He’d given in to his father’s wishes too quickly, but years of fishing with his father as skipper made him obey orders without thinking first. He knew Cas couldn’t have stolen the compass—where he found it was a mystery, but Dean was almost certain it had been lost with the
He touches Ruby on the forehead as well, sensing the slightly tarnished feel of her personal magic as he does. He frowns slightly against the rush this time as she accepts the energy involuntarily, but he straightens up and steps back without saying anything.
He’s got to get the tall one back upright, that’s all. Then they’ll have to go.
Castiel’s face softens a little. “You’re worried?”
The spectators disperse, and the graduates cluster around and congratulate each other.
But here, it feels wrong to offer that to Cas as payment for his help. He’s been kind enough to look after Sam and feed Dean, and he’s obviously missing his family and human contact in general. Dean isn’t even sure if his own attraction isn’t just a product of the fact that he hasn’t got laid himself in months. Not really many opportunities to rub one out when you’re on the road with your brother, either. Better to help Cas out in whatever other way he can, then be on their way. The longer they stay here, the more chance there is of Azazel catching up to them.
Dean nodded slowly. “Benny. His name was Benny.”
This time, Cas opens his eyes properly, squinting up at Dean. “I’m not.”
Dean eyes the corpses dubiously. “Where to?”
“Good evening, everyone!” she began pleasantly, commanding the room easily with her loud, melodic speaking voice.
book spread open before him. He’s so absorbed in it that he only realizes Rosco is there when he’s nearly across the office, and he looks up with a start.
“You’ve done well today,” Anael comments, hands tucked inside her pockets as they cross the street. “The kids really like you.”
, or perhaps,
“You’re bonded,” she whispers, and his gaze shoots up, eyes wide.
Seeing people again, actual living people, is jarring. The last living person here had been his parents’ neighbor, Frank, and he hasn't been back in what? Months. Maybe even a year? And Castiel certainly isn't going up there.
Now he needs to know. If he even has a chance, he needs to find out, because after tonight, Cas is either straight, but naturally extremely friendly, or he’s way more interested in Dean than he’d ever let on during classes. He runs two fingers over the paper flag, but before he even gets a chance to ask, Cas says, “I got that at Pride—I went for the first time last year. I’ve known I’m gay for many years now, but only just worked up the courage to go to an event.”
"While it's true that we do have patrons and some staff—" she glances back at Adler briefly, "—who disapprove of lay magic use, and only ever draw energy only from the Well, what you cast in your own time is your business. There's no rule against it. But it might be best not to do it on campus, okay?"
The cider goes down smoothly and soon Castiel is comfortable on a warm, cozy cloud with Dean by his side, telling him a story of his Uncle Bobby trying to teach him and Sam to throw witchlights to each other.
He liked Lady Lisa. She was merry and kind and certainly beautiful. She deserved better, far better than the transactional marriage Dean could offer her.
In the wheelhouse, Benny manned the helm, holding the wheel steady as they headed for Hunter Bay.
“Really?” Dean asks, eyebrows raised.
“Uh, so Lis…” She smiles at the nickname, though she obviously doesn’t know Dean tends to give
Dean couldn’t help but grin as he slapped Castiel on the shoulder. “Enough, from us both, I think. Let’s move this poor lady out behind the mausoleum, so that no unexpecting partygoers will trip over her.”
Dean can’t help but risk quick glances at Sam and Cas, watching their expressions go slack at the accusation. Did they really have no idea who they were supporting?
“I know someone who works here,” he says evenly, tapping his finger lightly right under the ash. “Maybe it’s a coincidence, but…then again, maybe not. I’ll investigate. If he has it, I’ll get it for you.”
They make more plasma bubbles, enjoying the rush and buzz of sharing magic, even on such a small level. Eventually the casting turns into more lazy kisses, then Dean moves his head back to Cas’ chest. Castiel scratches his fingers across Dean’s scalp, perfectly content.
"Were you there at San Sebastián?" she asked, and Castiel’s stomach turned to ice. He pulled his wrist back from her grasp, a roaring in his ears. Why on earth had he agreed to this?
Castiel's eyes travel along the row until the labels blur and he has to rest his hands on the bench in front of him and duck his head as tears threaten to spill over.
“Like I said, Castiel, I’m sure this will all be disproven and you’ll be allowed to return to work as normal. Professor MacLeod, are you willing to allow Dean Winchester to continue with his graduation?”
“Yeah, okay,” Dean says, pulling Cas away from the TV. “I don’t need a pop science guy to tell me what you just did.”
“No,” Dean said, his eyes on the dancers forming up in their set. “But she’s turned my attention to another.”
"Whatever," Sam says, his frustration clear. He picks up his beer bottle, raising it in a toast. “Here’s to Dean’s thesis, anyway. Congrats.”
She adds what Castiel can only describe as an eyelash-flutter and a coy smirk, and he shuffles with discomfort, murmuring, “Hello.”
Picking up on the hint, Crowley gave Dean a grin. “Winchester, Winchester…fine party today. I’m surprised that you’re seeking my company with all these pretty ladies around.”
Across the top of a delicate ham hors d’oeuvre, Sam’s hazel eyes were a challenge Dean couldn’t quite meet. “If he weren’t as addled with grief and brandy, Dean, what would you say of his demands then?”
“It’s a lot like Charming Acres.” At Dean’s blank look, he continues, “You know, where Sam went crazy and started wearing a cardigan?”
“I…I think the paper is disintegrating,” he says suddenly, breaking their gaze finally to glance down at the bowl. “We have to do the locator spell now, or we’ll have to repeat those steps again.”
Castiel turns to Sam again, his eyes wide. The university...of course that’s what they’re doing. How can he, an advocate of equal access to magic, also work for an organization aiming to control it? Keeping it from those who they feel aren’t worthy? A sick feeling makes its way up into his chest.
“You know her, too?” Dean throws his hands up, feeling disgusted at himself and Cas and this whole fucked-up situation.
“Of course it is. It's a big place, you got a lotta…plants here. And you're alone, but you took us in. Anything I can do to say thank you?”
“Keep going,” Dean breathes. “What would you do next?”
Both Meg and Cas gasped at the sight of him, and Dean nearly did the same in return at seeing them both clearly for the first time as well, in the dim light of a lantern on a shelf nearby. Meg’s hair was still in place, but the drawstrings at the neckline of her dress were loosened, so that rather a lot more decolletage than appropriate was visible beneath the hand clutching at it.
Great, Dean thinks with a pang of panic, now Crowley can use the bond to access the Well through Sam. It’s only a small fraction of the magic since Sam is only a junior, but still—
“Seriously, Cas,” he says, sighing around a salmon-avocado roll, “tinned cat food is shit. Old tuna and lips and assholes of whatever’s leftover at the slaughterhouse. But fresh salmon? It’s to die for.”
” plus plenty of applause and cheering, the kids descend on the audience to find their respective families. Jack runs into Cas’ arms in a hug, and Claire sidles up to Dean and consents to return a high five.
“Mm, angel, I’ve missed this,” Dean murmured, pressing his body hard against Cas’.
Dean filled his neat porcelain plate with grapes and hothouse plums and accepted a small cup of warm chocolate as it was offered. Lady Donn was sparing no expense for her guests.
"I dunno, uh… Tell me about Oxford."
When Castiel glances over at Dean, he’s turned to Sam. “You okay?” he says quietly.
Meg's gaze turns innocent. "What? Bit of teasing never hurt anyone."
“Trick is bitin’ fast,” Dean says, rather impolitely since his mouth is full.
He looks up just as it begins to rain. The elemental magic present in the crystalized ice bouquet has shattered, Dean realizes with sudden dread. But somehow, while the compound broke down it also began to melt. Not just melt, really, but—pour. The ceiling of Castiel’s office is raining down on them in large and unyielding droplets, and Dean has no clue how the hell to stop it.
“I am dating someone,” Castiel admits softly, his voice becoming more open as he smiles. “We met at Stanford. Just had our first date tonight, actually.”
Oh yes, and the twinkle in her eye as she called him “sir”. He didn’t mind that.
“Have you seen the guy?” Dean asks, turning back to grin at him as they reach the bathroom door.
Castiel was still baffled by Ash being the premier code-breaker for the Men of Letters, but he tried to keep his astonishment quiet as Bobby continued.
A while later, he’s drinking a beer on the back patio when the door crack opens. Castiel takes his seat without a greeting, just comments on the sunset and reaches over to take Dean’s hand. Dean’s mind feels preoccupied, whirling with thoughts of their relationship and their future, and it startles him when Cas kisses his knuckles and whispers, “Sorry.”
Dean did not stand on pretence that this was any kind of morning call. He stepped forward, cutting an impressive figure in his brown frock coat and tall Hessian boots. Castiel was glad he was not on the receiving end of his displeasure.
“Manipulative is kinda in the job description,” she answers noncommittally, and falls silent. They stare at each other, Sam’s hands in fists at his side, jaw shut tight.
Dean sits on the daybed, upright beside where Cas has been lying snug against his hip. He smiles down at Cas, and Cas slumps back onto his pillow as yesterday’s events filter back into his consciousness.
“You should go back to the church,” he said, not wanting Dean to be missed by his father.
Castiel buzzed around the kitchen, his mind awhirl. He knew he should be trying to make amends with these church ladies, perhaps attempting to educate them about the educational value of novels, but his mind kept returning to a pair of green eyes and a charming smile. How on God’s green Earth was he going to run a business, when he was continually being turned by a handsome face?
Dean falls to his knees on the grass, unaware of his surroundings. He gasps in a sobbing breath, feeling empty, hollow. His bond with Cas is gone, broken so completely that he feels as though a limb is missing. His own magic is barely a flicker within him, and while he fights to keep the black from encroaching on the edges of his vision, as humans and flashing lights surround him and lift him up and away, he surrenders to the cold darkness.
Castiel saw the bodies drop into the water. He shot up out of the kelp, only to be thrown abruptly sideways by the strong current. He flexed his tail and headed upwards, watching the splashing humans on the surface. A smaller boat floated on the water now, moving away from the burning, disintegrating ship. Castiel could see the swimmers’ kicking legs moving towards it on the rolling swell.
Castiel smiled as Dean settled again, his breathing evening out once more. This was it; he'd died sometime yesterday and ascended, he was sure. He hadn't ever just woken up with someone like this before—all his other affairs had been rushed intimacy, fumblings in the dark and a quick getaway.
Castiel bowed to her. “Might I bring you some tea? We have fresh queen cakes as well today, and some house-made biscuits with fresh jam.”
“Do not worry, Cas. I’ve sent Sam down there to check on the place. In fact, I hope he shall be back any moment with news. But no one was harmed, and as soon as you are back on your feet, we will go down to Cheltenham as well and see what’s what. You’re welcome to stay here as long as you need to.”
Gabriel just shrugged helplessly as Naomi appeared in the entrance, her long fishing spear in hand.
Each book was a popular favourite, suggested or donated, in some cases, by Great-Uncle Balthazar’s customers. There were works by Defoe, Fielding, and Sir Walter Scott in the collection, as well as the newest romances by Jane Austen. Castiel removed each volume from the crate and placed it on the shelf.
Up the hill, Dean’s house was quiet and empty. He didn’t dare knock on the door—Dean’s father had been the one to force him to leave the previous evening, and Castiel really wasn’t sure if Sam would be happy to see him either.
Balthazar gave Dean a tiny little smile he couldn’t quite interpret, but at least appreciated the subtlety of. “I didn’t honestly have you pegged as the marrying sort,
He takes his time getting dressed, mostly a vain attempt to calm himself down, thinking the least alluring thoughts so Little Dean will remember this is a family holiday. He dresses in his nicest pair of denim, grabs a light brown flannel with patterns of red and gold spun throughout, and laces up his boots. He checks his reflection in the mirror, noticing that his hair is already dry, but does the frizz spell Lisa had taught him as extra insurance.
Dean raises an eyebrow at the question. Had he said that to Sam? Not exactly, but the demon can probably read between the lines. He slumps against the counter, lifting his hands to rub at his face. “I dunno, Cas, I used to want to. My dad was one of the top warlocks at the Grove, one of the directors—the guys you want to pass your message to. When my mom died, I was just a little kid and my brother was a baby. My dad kinda went off the rails, started drinking and using dark magic to fuck stuff up. He was banned from summoning demons and fired from the Grove.”
The empty expression in their bloodshot eyes makes his blood run cold, as he raises his gun to aim and shoot at the first guy. The shot takes him in the forehead, sending him crashing onto his back as the second, older-looking guy rushes forward, but Dean is struck from behind on the back of his head before he can take aim and fire. When he turns to look, a third Croat—a middle-aged woman this time—stands behind him, a large wooden plank in her hands. She grins at him as one of the guys crashes into him on his other side, knocking the gun out of Dean’s hand.
“It’s fine, honestly, but I think we should take things one step at a time, okay?” Dean smiles as Castiel steps back, nodding.
Perhaps he will order the pie, after all.
Okay, normally, Dean might take a hint and clear out if someone doesn't want to talk, but it's been a few weeks since he's spoken to anyone other than his brother, so he ain't giving up that easy.
“What’s funny?” Dean asks, appearing in the kitchen doorway as he fastens the last of his buttons.
“It was his idea to bring you along, actually,” Anael says lightly. “He said we might need the muscle if things get out of hand.”
“I told you, I was doing a thing for Bobby and my phone was busted. I would never stand anyone up, least of all Cas.”
In the meantime… He gets up, throwing on a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt, and uses the bathroom before he wanders into the kitchen.
“Night, Cas,” Dean murmurs as Castiel gets into the car.
“Jesus,” Dean mutters, chest panting as his head hits the headboard. “Cas, were you—and was I—and were we…?”
“Indeed. Meg…is not attracted to people in romantic ways. She enjoys, um, what we did earlier, and has...unusual appetites, and she has helped me through difficult times. She has no interest in marrying for love, but she has ambitions to study back here in London. So an alliance between us suited both our situations.”
This time, when Dean fetched the pot of oil from Castiel's dresser, instead of passing it to Castiel, he kept it close, crawling onto Castiel’s bed on all fours, then spreading fingers full of the sweet smelling stuff behind himself and dipping into his own hole with a delicious moan.
“The height of summer, and Lady Donn insisted we all take a set! By the end of that first quadrille, I was near too hot to live. I told her so, afterwards, as well. I said, ‘My lady, like a monkey on the sun, I am too hot to live.’ She laughed at me,” she added with a smile. “Do you not think her ladyship has the most delightful laugh?”
“Cas? You okay?” Dean’s concerned voice breaks into Cas’ thoughts, and he realizes he’s been staring out across the shadowed valley.
"You did, didn't you! Tell me everything! Where did you meet him? Does he live around here?"
"Where are we?" Dean asks, a nervous edge to his voice.
"Not too bad for a Monday, I suppose." She joins him in the queue to order food. "Hey, did you hear about Alan?"
The brambles! Has Dean made a start already? Castiel hurries over to the crumbling wall and ducks under the hanging branches, stepping over a huge pile of cut brambles outside the garden. What he sees on the other side makes him stop in his tracks, jaw dropped.
“The doorway was the first test,” the redhead says, and her poker face is so good that he legitimately can’t tell if she’s kidding.
Castiel grabs Dean’s hand once they get into the shelter of the laden shelves, and as soon as he thinks they’re far enough away from any studying students or security cameras, he turns towards Dean. He drops Dean’s hand, but brings his own up to run his fingers down the side of Dean’s cheek. Dean leans into the touch, and Castiel feels the rising of Dean’s magic, like he’s walked into sunlight. Dean’s eyes flutter closed and he murmurs, “Cas—” as Castiel leans forward until their lips brush, just barely.
What followed was a desperate tussle, a struggle born of the choice between keeping people safe from what remained of this poor man, and not wanting to have to inform yet another family that they didn’t know what had happened to their loved one.
“I’m sorry,” Cas says hurriedly. “It’s just been so long since…” He trails off, flustered, as he puts his hand palm up on the blanket, allowing Dean to drop his hand again and lace their fingers together.
social calendar, so I doubt we’ll clash with anything important,” Charlie said. Dean could hear her smirking at him.
She gestures to members of her coven, barking out commands. “Anael, come with me. Uriel, guard this door. The rest of you, please head back up to the library and watch for trouble.”
He leans forward slowly, like he’s giving Dean plenty of time to turn away, but Dean moves and kisses him first—lips wet and sweet.
“I’ll take these down the laundry for an extra good brushin’ then, Sir,” Phillip suggested, “if you’re sure you’ll be alright.”
As Castiel instructed, Dean raised his head. The wind, he suddenly realized, from the tornado-like spin of the unvesselled demons as they circled the holy fire, was gone. The demon’s howling was fading, the final wisps of their black, smoky forms slamming into the ground and disappearing, as if they were being sucked into the very depths of the Earth.
"Yes?" she says, like it's a stupid question. "I told you, he's my bestie, even if he is kinda rude sometimes."
Cas pulls back, horror flashing across his face. "I'm sorry. You want me to stop?" His lips are wet, his eyes dark, and he doesn't look like he could stop right now if he tried.
Dean has a lot of other opinions, too—like how access to the Well should be a human right for any magic user. How burnout of lay magic is scary as fuck and life-threatening and needs to be stopped. How he had to resuscitate his own friend on Thanksgiving after he OD’d trying to cook a stupid turkey. But he doesn’t have to prove to these people that he’s on their side, so he keeps his mouth shut and waits.
Cas picks up his keys from where he’s left them on the coffee table and dangles them in Dean’s direction. “Well, why don’t you go get us some lunch then, if you’re so bored?” he asks, not trying to hide his exasperation.
“That part you’ll have no problem with,” Charlie said kindly, something a little sad in her smile. “Let’s make the best of it, then. A garden party, first of the summer. If you invite the nearby noblemen to shoot with you in the morning, they can all bring their daughters for the party that afternoon and your father will be satisfied. Much more relaxed than a ball.”
“Where’d you zap our clothes?” His eyes sweep his bedroom but it’s completely unchanged, no clothes in sight.
“Lady Bradbury,” Sam said pointedly, “wanted to know if you’d be able to accompany her group into Cheltenham later today. I took the liberty of accepting on your behalf—scandalous, I know, but Father was busy, and you were up a hill somewhere.”
(See the end of the chapter for
So, the fire was their doing, after all. It almost certainly had to be, since Dean had seen someone that night fleeing the scene, and who else would have tried to deliberately burn this place down?
He smiles and thanks her anyway and carries them to the table, where he catches the end of whatever story Dean is telling.
Some of the students laugh and call out their agreement, while others only look confused.
Something’s wrong. His skin feels chill, but there’s a raging fire in his veins that’s going to consume him if he doesn’t let it out. It feels a lot like burning out, and he hasn’t even…
Castiel reached down to take Dean’s other hand in his own. “He’s back from the city?”
for fear of making his boyfriend run for the fucking hills. “And I saw you.”
"I'm afraid it doesn't work like that," Castiel interrupts, then continues, trying to sound apologetic. "If you attempt to breach the wards again, you'll be expelled from the university."
Simultaneously, Dean and Castiel began to push their way cautiously forward, trying to get closer. They’d made it past a few gasping, scandalized couples that had been a part of the dancing set before they heard the noise.
“We’re not going to be able to have this,” Castiel said, his eyes falling—he couldn’t bear to see the disappointment in Dean’s eyes, so he didn’t look.
Drenched to the bone, Dean checks to make sure none of the Croats are still alive before they all stagger inside through the mudroom. Dean notices that Castiel tries not to look at the mess of his garden and the burnt-out shell of the barn as they hurry to the shelter of the house. He wants to put his arm around Cas' shoulder, but even though he's just been kissing Cas, he's really not sure if more is welcome.
“Of course.”
“Sir,” Dean began, unsure how to say even a careful fraction of what he truly wished to. “I wonder if maybe the Braedens are not the best choice—”
Dean walks Castiel home, their hands together again and firmly in Castiel’s warm pocket. They don’t say a lot, but their magic flows between them, warm and steady. As they draw even with Dean’s car, Castiel wonders what should come next. Should he invite Dean upstairs for a drink, or whatever the kids called it these days—"Netflix and chill” or some nonsense? He’s been dreaming about sex with Dean so often lately that he finds himself a little unsure of how to even broach the subject, or how guys even go about inviting each other upstairs for chill and whatever, and now he’s pretty sure he’s overthinking this whole thing—
Gathering the shreds of his dignity, he headed back out to place the new cup on the table and murmur another apology. Then, there was nothing else for it, but to swallow his pride and approach the other table.
Claire gives a happy little burble as she takes the toy and shoves it immediately into her mouth. Cas smiles at her. Maybe they can get through this hour. Maybe.
Cas reaches out his hand to shake. "Likewise."
“Now, Cas!” Dean hollered, scrabbling to keep the creature’s shoulders down, keep it grounded.
“I could ask you the same thing!” Mick says, leaning in to hug the person he thinks is Meg, and Castiel tries not to seize up with panic. Physical contact is the easiest way to detect an illusion spell, and even though in Oxford, Mick’s speciality had not been in actual spellcraft but in management, there’s still every chance he can feel that Castiel isn’t actually Meg.
Those gray-blue eyes! Dean could barely move for a moment, like he’d touched a live wire. Cas couldn’t be the merman—he didn’t have a tail, for starters. But the hazy memories made Cas’ face look so familiar.
“Don’t go,” Castiel begs suddenly, evidently noticing her exit strategy. “I won’t press you for information, okay? Just please, don’t go.”
The girls head off arm in arm, and Sam waits until they’re out the door before he leans over and says, “So, you’re definitely graduating? Have you told the Captain?”
“I need you to pass it, though.” Castiel pauses, as though weighing his next words. “When I was younger, demons would travel to Earth, and return with such riches, their artifacts glowing with Earth energy. That magic has been used to work metal, to create tools and infrastructure for our society ever since the Accords were first made.”
“Adam,” Dean says, looking confused at the question.
Charlie stands in the middle of it all, helping students to pull in the energy around them to form the flower. Dean’s nowhere to be seen.
He needed to know, even if the answers weren’t ones he wanted to hear. But did he have the courage to ask Cas tonight, even if he could get him alone?
“See you next Monday,” Castiel calls as Dean leaves his office. He sighs, sitting down again to type a few notes into the new document, then closes the laptop with a snap. Time to head home.
“Yes, and you can tell me how work’s going,” Castiel says to Sam, as if they hadn’t caught up over lunch just last week. “I’ve been following the Abbadon case, but you
Dean sidled his way into the oak-paneled anterior office, adjacent to Bobby’s more private library to the left. Dean had been admitted into the back office plenty—he’d played on the floor with blocks as a boy, even—but he wasn’t sure what Bobby wanted from him today.
Doug Stover was a pleasant enough man, Dean supposed, but he certainly wasn’t the brightest spark, his place among the Bow Street Runners definitely more a case of networking than intelligence. Thankfully—ahh, yes. There she was.
Unfortunately their meeting is already off to a strange start. Dr. Novak’s door is firmly closed and locked, and there’s a sticky note on the door:
"Are you on your way out, Doctor Novak? See you tomorrow!"
Crowley dropped his eyes, then dragged his gaze up Castiel’s body, smirk still in place. “Oh, I’m sure you’ll think of
He’s not letting the guy out of his sight again, if he can help it. He’s lost enough.
“You’re big, sure, but you’ll fit. No need to get cocky,” Dean says, smirking. He loses some of his smugness, though, after Cas gains confidence. He adds a third finger, Dean’s muscle widening to accomodating the thickness, and then the pads of fingers are exploring Dean’s insides before he skitters around— “Fuck, fuck, fuck!”
Castiel watched them go for a few moments, wondering at their familiarity. Were all ladies as close to their maids as Charlie and Stevie obviously were? He made his way towards the refreshments, disheartened by John Winchester’s dismissal but keen to make something of this evening’s visit. Perhaps he could tour the garden again? If he could find a quiet place, he might be able to read M’s letter again, and think on his reply.
He only realizes he’s shaking when Sam puts a hand on his shoulder, leaning down to murmur, “They’re gone. What did you cast, Cas? I thought we were cooked, but they didn't even notice anything!"
Adler hesitates for a moment, a strained almost-grin on his face. “Many of the council will be at the graduation ceremony. You can deliver your message then.” He gestures to Dean, almost as an afterthought. “If you’re still with Dean by then, naturally. Sometimes the bond...doesn’t take,” he adds, with a chuckle.
Charlie laughs and nods while Castiel claps his hands together, asking, “So, where to first?”
The young lady practically glowed under his gaze. "Perhaps we could discuss the unexpected clemency of the weather, or how fine the company is this evening."
“The park is looking uncommonly well this evening,” Dean remarked, and Castiel turned to him, surprised.
“Dean was just telling me about Professor Moore,” Castiel says coolly. “I assume you’ve heard?”
Dean just gives him a little shrug, not really trusting his own voice as his dad turns to clutch at the arm of the chair to help him back into it. With his body ruined by liver disease and god-knows-what after effects of dark magic, John Winchester is old before his time. Mentally, though, he’s fine, closer to the dad Dean used to know and love than the grief-mad, broken man driven for revenge for his wife’s death at the hands of a rogue demon. If the rumors Dean's heard are true, he's even been seeing the daughter of another resident here—Kate. Dean's gotta hand it to him—he’s taken back what he can of his life.
Ignoring Dean's questions, Pam looks up as Sam comes over, saying "Sam, honey. How've you been?" before he even says anything.
Thunder rumbled close by as Dean frantically tied down a loose boom line, his fingers clumsy with drink. Where the hell had this storm come from? He must have checked the forecast a million times—there had certainly been no warning of high seas or even of rain. He should have seen it coming from miles out, as well, but he'd been enjoying the company, the whiskey, the fireworks too much to notice. He was gonna murder Garth when he got his hands on him.
“Oh, crap.” Dean pauses, and Castiel’s sure he saw a frown on his face at the second mention of Meg. Is Dean...jealous? Or maybe he’s just worried about the idea of falling through the ice. His face is back to the look that Castiel loves to see on him, though, his eyes alight with curiosity as he asks, “And the lay magicians…they’re all really taught magic in schools?”
It’s easy for Benny to watch them at night. Vampires see everything in the dark, after all. He wonders, when Dean finally succumbs after three weeks to the offer of Castiel’s shoulder for a pillow, when Castiel gently strokes Dean’s arm after he’s warmed him up, if they know he can see them. Dean did a stint as a bloodsucker, so he must know. Maybe he just doesn’t care. Maybe he’s too tired to. Purgatory has that effect on people.
Castiel shot him a scandalized look. “Don’t you know? The two of you seem close.”
“Not in the least. As a rule of thumb, we can’t stand each other.”
have a good day.” His elbow knocked against the door of the linen closet, and the clatter resonated up and down the hallway. “With your writing and—and all that stuff.”
Half an hour later, all the ingredients were ready, and Castiel had prevailed on Dean to move the grill to a shady spot on the deck. He’d also—mercifully—donned a T-shirt and brought out the pitcher of berry lemonade Dean had made that morning.
When Castiel got back to their room, he was blasted with what he assumed was the same song. He brought the wine to the coffee table and turned down the volume. This wasn’t exactly what he’d had in mind when he’d requested music good for talking. Not only that, but Dean had a habit of getting into an arms race with everyone else in their hallway for whose music could go the loudest and drown out the others, which Castiel felt was always a pointless endeavor since they didn’t have the huge, elaborate sound systems some other kids had. His poor iPod dock would get its speakers blown out before the end of the semester.
“They are.” Castiel slurped a bite of his curry. “Jack won’t get here until Wednesday. I’m having a car pick him up from Dulles, so you can just focus on cooking.”
Once he’d stoked the fire, Dean showered, put on a white T-shirt and blue jeans, and strapped on an apron from the hook on the pantry door. Sam smirked at him from behind his phone.
Bobby leaned against the doorway and pinched his eyebrows together.
That was when he blacked out.
“I think Jack will be annoyed with me if I keep you any longer,” he said.
“Yeah, that way I can sleep in more. His mom wants to get on the road early.”
Dean edges away along the brick wall, but the guy is there again almost instantly. He’s so much taller and heavier than Dean is. Dean can’t fight him and he’s not even sure if he can outrun him. Idly, as the falling snow drifts back and forth in his vision, Dean wonders what the guy will do if he collapses. He doesn’t like the possibilities.
“You can have it. I don’t even like beer that much, anyway.”
“I…commented on one of his posts on Instagram,” Castiel said bashfully.
Dean shook his head.
by Joséphine Baker.
“Oh, of course. That’s why I decided to go by another name once I moved somewhere people wouldn’t recognize me.” Castiel paused. “Well, that and because I hated him back then. I deeply, profoundly hated him. I wanted nothing to do with him.”
“No, go ahead. Finish what you were saying.”
“I was driving home anyway.” Dean peered out the window. “Is this it?”
“Where are you going, sire?”
“Maple’s fine too. Or whatever.” Dean cleared his throat. “This is just what I’m used to.”
“Okay.” Castiel stooped down to check underneath the tree. “I think that’s everything. Jack, have a cookie. You’re supposed to be trying all of them.”
They walked along, their shoes squishing the sand as they moved. The sun beat down from its zenith. Castiel muttered something about ultraviolet damage.
“But cooking is what you love. It’s what brings you joy. Not farming.” He turned to him for confirmation. “Right?”
Castiel smugly turned the page of his book. Somehow, it was possible to read smugly.
1 teaspoon Dijon mustard
“He has to talk with his coauthor first,” Castiel joked.
The ceramics room was still pretty empty by the time Dean arrived, about five minutes early. That meant he had his pick of tables to work at. He liked the table in the back corner the most. It was right by one of the fans, which was important once the room was crammed with aspiring artists and poor saps like him who were just there for the requirement. Also, it was as far away from the table Meg normally worked at as possible.
“I’ve slept on my share of floors in my time.” Dean tumbled down to the wood and lay his head on the cloak. “Besides, there’s only one bed in here.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean laughed. They worked in silence for a while, until Castiel finished his handful and stepped back to check the counter for any stray words.
“A little less soy sauce, I think.” Dean blew on another bite. “So, about when you get here next Sunday.”
Dean had to concede that. He had nine different courses planned, not counting three different pies, and it would take him the better part of both Wednesday and Thursday to get everything perfect.
“Yeah?”
“Intellectually, I know that I didn’t have a choice in the matter. But it’s simply a fact that having me is what started her decline. I’d like to say that I’ve merited her sacrifice, merited their loss, but I can’t really. Maybe if I’d accomplished more—”
“Crispy breaded tofu with a sweet and spicy bean sprout salad.” Dean started plating his dinner. “I wish you were here to test it for me.”
“Ah, I just didn’t want to drop it and have to reshoot everything. You know how nervous I get when I’m filming.”
“Oh.” Dean blushed. “That—that makes more sense.”
Castiel tilted his head. “The Gill-Man? I assume so.”
“Yeah. Well, it was probably already established in some of the beds before that, but the rain would’ve scattered it far and wide. And encouraged it to grow.”
“Hey now. I’m saying you get better with age. Like a fine—”
Dean shrugged and blew out the candles. “We were making up for lost time.”
“So, the forbidden thrill of being fucked by an angel isn’t part of why you want my grace? And why you want my wings out all the time?”
Melt the butter in a Dutch oven over medium heat, then add the garlic and cayenne pepper. Sauté for 1 minute, then add the cauliflower. Cook, stirring regularly, until the cauliflower is soft but not mushy, about 15 minutes. Sprinkle with a pinch of salt and remove from heat.
“A little,” Castiel admits. “I know it doesn’t make any sense. After everything I’ve done, that using my grace to pleasure you would feel sacrilegious.”
“Why?”
“Jack?” Castiel mouthed.
“What’s important about June 5
“I know that sounds stilted. I apologize.”
They got indoors. Dean shed his shoes and loosened his tie, then teetered in the doorway of the kitchen, uncertain. Crowley walked around the corner and stared at him as if he apprehended the entire farrago of tangled thoughts in Dean’s head and didn’t care for most of them.
Sam wandered out of the kitchen. Once he’d left, Dean heard a sonorous clatter in the dining room.
“Eh. Maybe a little.”
“Please.” Dean motioned to the chair. “Sit. Let’s have dinner.”
“Um. Something good for conversation? Nothing too aggressive.”
“He said you’re a really good cook.” Jack wrinkled his brow. “I don’t think I can take another one of his Thanksgivings. He’s terrible in the kitchen.”
“It’s a pretty good school,” Dean rambled. “It’s on the National Register of Historic Places, too. I got my GED instead of graduating, but that was just so I could go into farming full time.”
“Yeah.” Castiel tilted his head at the ceiling. “But I don’t think you should handle this on your own. You’re not an architect or a restoration expert. You wouldn’t want to damage the structure or hurt yourself while doing the repairs. I mean, look how high up that beam is. Maybe the person who does the house—”
“Eat up,” Dean said, sitting down beside him. “It’s seven. We should already be packing up the truck.”
Castiel didn’t say anything. Instead, he strode forward, pushed Dean up against the front door, and kissed him. His lips and tongue were hot and desperate and tasted like sweet red wine.
He nuzzled into Castiel’s collarbone, breathing in the scent of lavender. Dean could tell that Castiel was mulling over something more than what he’d already said, but he was too tired to draw it out of him.
more broadly, lies in Dean and Sam and their relationship, it isn’t the case that it was ever “just the brothers.” Not in the show, and not in “Swan Song.”
“I haven’t been happy over the past year.”
the finger?”
Dean blinked. “Uh, no. Not much of a history buff, sorry.”
To Dean’s untrained eye, the barn looked pretty much finished. The siding had been redone with crimson cedar clapboards, the roof in pale grey slate from Buckingham County down in the Piedmont. The original doors had been restored and mounted on new hinges that glowed gold in the late afternoon sunlight. Inside, the entire space was open and airy, with rustic-finished wood beams spanning the length and breadth of the building. About half of the floor was covered in shiny oak hardwood, and Benny, near the back of the barn, was busy at work with the remainder.
Dean shook his head and tsked. “‘I love it when you give me things,’ huh?”
“Glad we got that out of the way. Now you can breed me without either of us worrying.”
Dean picked up the remote to turn off the TV, but stopped to listen as one of the talking heads explained that measurement changes were the reason for the dramatic increase in newly confirmed cases and deaths in one of the provinces of China. Another guest remarked on the stringency of the full lockdown that had been imposed in the capital city.
“Thanks,” Dean exhales. His eyes wander over to check the oversized clock on the wall, and sees his meeting starts in five minutes. “Gotta run…but I’ll be sure to remember that one.”
Sam’s smile was thin. “In some ways, perhaps. Though I think doing all of his work for him is a small price to pay for my own marital autonomy. Assuming you snag a woman enough to satisfy him so he doesn’t disinherit you and turn his ambitions on me, of course.”
, and he
Castiel kept his voice neutral. “You may need to visit them again to restock us, then. You don’t mind doing that, do you?”
Stay well and safe <3
“Wait, what? Why?” Dean asks.
Dean's spell collapses, and as Castiel looks up at his now white face, Dean says, "Dad?"
Castiel looked down at their hands, then brought one of Dean’s up to his mouth, placing a kiss on his dirty knuckle. “You’re my right place, Dean.”
Castiel smiled. He held out the arm holding the sign, offering the umbrella on his wrist to Dean.
Dean flopped into a chair and fluttered his lips. “No, I didn’t notice anything weird. You think I wouldn’t have led with that?”
“Let’s hit up a diner before heading home,” Dean said, as they returned to the car. “I know a place with awesome banana French toast up the street. Dog-friendly, too.”
“Are they working?”
“Right. Does that stuff work?”
Dean rolled his eyes behind his eyelids. Why was he so damn cagey all the time?
There it was again. It seemed so incongruous that Dean felt impelled to bring it up, despite the risks.
Castiel’s voice fuzzed at the edges of Dean’s awareness as he recognized the person sitting at the firm’s front desk. She peered—through glasses, that was new—at the sleek white computer monitor before her, seemingly still unaware of their arrival.
Castiel shrugged. “It’s actually quite good. You should try it the next time you come here.”
“Will this be a regular thing, then?” Castiel sat back and winked. “You cooking for us?”
That meant that this dad wasn’t C. Novak.
“Where were you last night?” Dean scratched Crowley’s side, closed the news, and brought up his cooking blog. “Hard at work catching mice, I hope—”
Cook time: 10 minutes
“Hey, angel.”
Dean pursed his lips. “Maybe. I had…I don’t know. Thoughts about guys. Before you. Not that often—it was rare enough that I just dismissed them. Or maybe I just wanted to dismiss them.”
“Well.” Dean winked. “You do that sometimes.”
Dean hangs his head. Not because he’s embarrassed to be a virgin, but because he’s feeling a wave of dizziness that’s threatening to topple him. Hunger, thirst, exhaustion, anxiety, fear—he’s not sure what it is that’s pushing him over, but it’s taking everything he has just to stay upright.
He’d heard the first grumblings of it as he crossed the park earlier, several seconds after the faintest of flashes in the western sky heralded its arrival. The distance was closing now, though: lightning like gnarled fingers pierced through the clouds, leaving white space in Dean’s vision when it faded. The thunder followed almost immediately. It didn’t sound like it was above him at all. It was low and resonant and bone-rattling, as if the earth were cracking beneath his feet.
While the onion is sweating, add your vegetable stock to your other large pot and warm on medium low heat. (If the stock was in the refrigerator, you may want to bring it to temperature on medium for a few minutes before reducing the heat to medium low.)
“Your feathers.” Dean frowned. “Is that…okay?”
“We only have the hike tomorrow,” Castiel said. “So we can spend the rest of it relaxing. And if dinner at Gabe’s doesn’t sound good to you, we can go out to eat.”
“Like that?” Dean slides his thigh over the line of Castiel’s erection. “Come out and play, baby. Give it to me.”
“Oh, Michael just wants to confirm if Thursday works. I gave him a choice between a couple days that Jack could be there, and he said that would be the best.”
“You’re tearing up because your eyes are tired?”
“Okay. Let’s just talk about colleges, then.” Dean elbowed him.
“Shut up.” Dean tightened his arms around Castiel’s waist. “I wouldn’t be a farmer if that were true. I’d be a model or an actor or something.”
Castiel frowned. Before he had a chance to puzzle through the Empty’s meaning, there was a soft groan behind him.
“That’s true. Feel free to send any complaints his way.” Dean picked up the plate of asparagus. “So, we’re making a couple different things tonight. As you can see, we’ve got some handsome-looking asparagus spears here. Depending on where you are in the world, it might be asparagus season where you are, too.”
“Uh, yeah.” Dean gulped and took a step backwards, nearly tripping over a curl at the edge of the carpet. “I mean, yeah. Then—dinner.”
“Uh, no, sorry. It’s passed out of the night sky by this time of year. But we can look for it once it comes back.”
Dean grinned. There was just enough light at the dark end of the barn for him to see the blue in Castiel’s eyes dance with those words.
“Oh. Yes, I do want that.” Castiel ran his hand through his hair. “I guess that’ll save me having to come out to them.”
Castiel broke off. They were scaling the stairway to the second floor, and the thudding bass of a party in the first suite on the right grew louder with every step.
“Look at those dimples. You can smile, Dean. It’s okay.”
Castiel washed his hands thoroughly in the kitchen sink and filled the kettle with fresh water. While it heated, he walked to his office to put some music on the house’s sound system. All of a sudden, he felt seized with doubt. What kind of music would his new friend prefer? If he played something “cringe,” as his students liked to say, would he fall down in his estimation? It was clear that his neighbor knew far more about human society than Castiel had initially assumed, and perhaps that was the reason for all these new doubts, sprouting up like mushrooms in the wake of a heavy rain.
“Well, they’re not Dean and me.”
“This fireplace—the mantel, the fire screen, the understated gold inlay around the bottom—it’s all exquisite.” Castiel turned to him. “Your grandfather had excellent taste.”
½ cup pitted oil-cured green olives
Add the collard greens and cook, stirring occasionally, until wilted, about 5 minutes. Add the chickpeas, then the tomatoes. Cover, reduce heat to low, and cook for another 15 minutes. Salt to taste and top with parsley.
“I feel that I should apologize in advance,” he said, as they ambled through the back entrance. “Okay, not entirely in advance. Anyway, I ask a lot of questions. I’m a terminally curious person. Especially when it comes to behavior and custom and culture. Sometimes I feel more like an observer of human society than a participant in it. An outsider. I guess you must feel that way too. Not that I’m comparing us, not exactly. I know our positions aren’t comparable at all, and I’d never presume—is that my flashlight?”
Not only was Castiel not there, but his computer and all his books and papers were absent, as well.
Dean laughed, wrapped Castiel in an embrace as they watched the clouds float by. After their descent, they went swimming in a lake on the western side of the island. Castiel was only lukewarm about that, but Dean insisted. Otherwise, they’d have packed their swimsuits for nothing.
“Yeah, I know.” Dean stroked his back. “I’m not criticizing you, Cass. Not at all. I’m just seeing where your head’s at.”
“Hey.” Castiel squeezed his arm. “I said it’s okay.”
“Have some of this, sire. It’ll help you sleep tonight.”
“You work for me one day a week. Not sure I’d call that slavery.”
Olive oil
Dean slid his fingertips inside the elastic of Castiel’s boxers, circled back around to the front. He felt down into the warm, wiry thatch of hair there before pulling out and making short work of Castiel’s belt.
2 ounces lemon juice
“Oh. Sorry.”
Dean grinned at his empty plate. He felt a blush blooming over his entire face.
Of course. He’d said he was hungry, so the creature had caught him a fish. It was entirely logical. And highly uncomfortable, even by the less than frictionless standards the two of them had sketched out so far.
“Please, sire,” Ellen said. “He’s speaking nonsense. We’re all addled from the heat, the lack of food—”
“Of course you side with your favorite.” Rafe stepped back from the bar and tossed a glance over his shoulder. “Rachel, where’s Hester?”
Castiel patted Dean’s forearm. “Yeah?”
“Really? Alright, practice on me. Pretend I’m your target audience. The adoring forty-something working mom who has a thing for wholesome, corn-fed Midwestern boys.”
“There’s—there’s Hydra,” Castiel breathed. “The Snake. It’s the largest constellation of all.”
“Popcorn? Popcorn.” Dean kissed his cheek. “I’ll make you your decaf, too.”
“Oh.” Dean grimaced. “Sorry. I’m dumb.”
Castiel groaned into the pillow.
Rafe and Rachel both greeted him with thinly veiled disdain, which Dean was at least prepared for. He did his best to maintain an affable expression when he and Rafe made eye contact, but even that pretense fell when he noticed that Rafe was the first person at the table whom Castiel didn’t hug, but instead offered a brief, clinical handshake.
“You don’t remember.” Castiel sighed. “Jack said that would happen if he reset the timeline.”
“Not mine. But it’s similar. Same fit, same brand. Not the exact same make and model, since mine’s from 15 years ago, but….” Dean shrugged as Jack slipped it on. “Close enough.”
“Do they…know?” Jody said.
Kelly laughed and shut her trunk. The four of them strolled to where the parking lot ended, and Jack sighed as the incline began. Castiel rubbed between his shoulder blades.
“I’ll—” He set the cocktail shaker on the counter. “I’ll just leave that there.”
“Do lesbians have tops and bottoms? You must, right?”
“Not really.”
“I’m not sure.” Dean scratched his head. “I never got too far with the idea.”
“Of course,” Kelly said. Before walking off to the tourist group, she gestured with her chin to where Castiel and Jack had sat down.
Last night, as his and Dean’s dinner and then their viewing of
“I’m sorry they’re not the silk you’re used to.” Dean smoothed down Castiel’s sleeves and pulled the laces at his tunic’s neckline to even them out. “But will they do for now?”
“I used to look at this view every night when I was little. At the water between us and the mainland. The island’s just far enough away from the continent that all the lights smudge together, and the more I looked at them, the more I wondered what they meant. I wondered if there were more boys like me out there. I wondered if other families were like mine. I wondered if real mothers were like the ones in movies.”
“I’m sorry. I’ve already detained you for far too long. It’s your lunch break right now, right?”
“Well, it worked.” Dean dried his palms on his jeans. “I just wanted you to know because—it’s consent, you know? I can’t control whether I get turned on or not, but you should know that I’m feeling that way. In case that makes you uncomfortable.”
“Nothing,” Dean sighed. “Long day. Long week. Can you pass me a beer?”
“Got it.” Castiel’s circuit had brought him to the arm of the couch, and he tilted his head at Dean. “Are you tired, Dean? We can do the rest later.”
“You didn’t have to worry to begin with. What’d you think I was going to do, go all Grey Gardens while you weren’t looking?”
“Good.” Dean cleared his throat. “I better get back to work. If you get hungry before dinner, don’t forget all that stuff in the fridge.”
“Maybe we can cook together some time. That way, you can show me how you like your food prepared, at the very least.” Castiel glanced around. “Well, this is the living room. Feel free to watch the TV whenever you like. Do you know how to work a remote control?”
Before doing anything else, Castiel took a quick shower. There was dirt in his hair and aches in his muscles, and the drumming of the hot water got rid of both. He dressed in grey sweatpants and his beat-up Brown University sweatshirt from a decade ago. He refilled his coffee and made for his office.
“Well, you don’t need advice from me, but….”
“And your father?”
Castiel kisses him again. Dean opens his mouth and leans into it this time.
He closed Baby’s door and turned over the engine, got the air going. He had another 20 minutes to grab his normal salami sub at Crowley’s Café and scarf down as much of it as possible. At least he was friends with the manager if he ended up getting back a little late. There weren’t any orders until 1:45, anyway.
“Angel.”
“The point’s the food, Sam. No one wants to see my face.”
, Dean’s brain added, with vicious spite.
“Yeah, that one.” Castiel put his phone to the side. “You don’t have to come if you don’t feel like standing in the hot sun, you know. You already have to do that every day for your job.”
“I’m not sure, sire. I haven’t slept with many people. Er, I haven’t stayed the night with many women.” Dean swallowed. “Anyway, it’s not a bad thing. Did I make you feel self-conscious by bringing it up?”
“You never—actually, get two of those.”
“Yeah, look for pineapples, limes, raspberries, and pineapple juice. I’ll sort through all this booze to see if there’s any raspberry liqueur.”
Bobby looked around the living room.
“Come in,” Castiel said. He grunted as he closed the open window above the desk. “Naomi must have opened this to air the room out for us. It’s wasting electricity. The house’s climate control is automatic.”
Sauté the olive oil, shallots, and garlic in a large saucepan over medium heat for about 4 minutes, then add the farro. Stir well so that each grain of farro is coated with the oil and aromatics. Add the vegetable stock and salt and increase the heat to high while stirring occasionally; once the pot is boiling, lower the heat to medium high and cook, stirring frequently, until the farro is tender and the liquid is completely absorbed, about 30 minutes. If you run out of liquid before the farro is fully cooked, continue adding more until it’s done. Taste the farro and add more salt if necessary.
“Since you’re joining us for the weekend.”
“I like it,” Jack said, through a full mouth.
Dean nodded, and they hiked for a while in silence. The forest thinned in intermittent patches where great exposed slabs of rock took the place of soil, letting in afternoon sunlight that dappled through the trees. Somewhere nearby, a flock of birds wailed and yodeled incessantly.
“What’d he do?”
“We’re just driving to the worker housing. There’s a dirt road that branches off from there, heads up the other side of the hollow. There’s a perfect spot for a picnic where the road ends on top of the ridge.”
It was a strange, slightly condescending greeting, as if Dean were a dull child who needed careful managing. Dean just flashed him his best Instagram personality smile.
After a stop at a grocery store Jo didn’t work at, they returned to the farm just before five. Castiel stretched as soon as he stepped out of the Impala.
“Uh, so, I should be getting here around 8 or so Friday night. You guys still planning to leave early Saturday morning?”
. The canon content is neatly contained in the episodes of a network show and that’s pretty much it. There aren’t movies or novels or prequels/sequels and the like—at least not yet—that spark fan debate over canonicity.
“Since you’re the youngest?”
“Cass?”
“Wait.” Dean snorted. “You—you want me to be his nanny? His manny?”
, Castiel thought, trying with all his might to prevent his hatred for this man from appearing on his face.
“It’s just one of the ways I show my love,” Dean said.
“Cass?”
Dean frowned. Wasn’t it obvious?
“No.” Rafe hung his head, just a little. “I was apologizing to him.”
“Think he was trying to push my buttons, mostly.”
“Don’t be stingy.” Dean shuffled his feet, widening his stance as much as the jeans around his ankles permitted. “Use plenty.”
**You can use fresh green beans instead; the recipe calls for frozen because it’s a winter recipe, and frozen green beans are usually easier to come by in the winter. If you use fresh green beans, remove the tops and tails, slice into bite-sized pieces, and add to the stew about 10 minutes earlier than for frozen green beans.
“Shit. That sounds…pretty fucking miserable.”
🌽🍅🥦🌶🥔🍆🥕🥬🥒🍓🥑
“Sounds like a plan,” Meg said. “We should figure out if we’re even compatible first.”
“How about you meet a nice lesbian and find out for yourself?” Charlie said.
He’s busily passing the ball from hand to hand when a knock on the door startles him. He nearly drops it, but manages to fumble it between his hands to prevent it splashing all over the laptop. Blowing out a relieved breath, he looks up to see Dean looking curiously into the room.
Cas rolls his eyes as he hugs her goodbye and waves as she heads away along the street.
He trails off as they near the strip of clubs and restaurants, clustered with groups of people enjoying their nights out.
Behind her, she hears a throat clear. A stranger is standing deep in the alleyway, wearing a tattered jacket and trucker hat. The man looks gruff and dangerous, and Anna immediately puts up her protective charms, probing the air for unpleasant spells.
“Dean!” Castiel shouts and grabs Dean’s shoulder to spin him around, and the Croat snarls at them, his bloodshot eyes wide as he reaches out towards them.
He speaks slowly, trying not to startle him. "Just…take it easy there, dude. We—"
Turning on his heel, Dean marched off toward the kitchen, announcing his arrival at the door with a smart tap as he pushed it open.
Cas just grunted as they stumbled on through the dark night towards the motel.
His own magic rises in response to this spell, twisting and scorching as it goes. The pleasant feeling slides into a harsh taste on his tongue.
Dean takes a deep breath, trying to will his heart to slow, but it goes on hammering. “Azazel already destroyed another home for us. I had to watch them die, Cas. We were ready for a fight, but Bobby told me to take Sam and get out, and now I understand why. He was protecting us because he loved us.” His voice cracks on the last few words, and he swallows hard, trying to banish the memories of screaming and bloodshed during their flight from Lawrence. “And he didn't make it out of there himself.”
“I’d rather be that, than someone who’s so insecure he has to make everyone around him feel inferior. Got a big ol’ complex about something, huh?” Dean flashes his eyes down to the guy’s jeans and back up. “Or should I say, a
“Yeah, well, tell your 'girlfriend' to leave you alone when you’ve got exams to study for,” Dean says, still scowling.
Benny sits quietly, rubbing at his forehead with his hands.
“Oh, there’s more of you in there? Awesome.” Dean narrows his eyes, trying to peer behind her shoulder. What the hell have these kids gotten themselves into?
No, they’re just glasses, the yellow lenses giving the man an alien kind of look. Suddenly, Castiel recognizes him. He’s watched videos of this guy, while he was studying in Pontiac. He
Dean hums low in his throat, eyes cast down, thinking. “What if we channeled him? We insert his energy directly into the spell?”
Dean nods. “I need a break, anyway. It’s hard work.”
The translocation spell dumps him on a wet, significantly chillier campus, and he hurriedly puts up the umbrella he’d been carrying tucked under his arm. He can see the lights on in Theoris Hall, but everything seems peaceful from out here. Just inside the entrance, he quickly forms a half-circle with thumb and forefinger and draws a glyph to dry his umbrella, then repeats the process over his soggy shoes. The halls are deserted at this time on a Friday only a few weeks into the semester.
Rosco slides his hands into his jacket pockets, whistling. Anna narrows her eyes, walking back towards him.
Fragments of memories had started to flicker behind Dean’s eyes since the merman had disappeared. Lightning, water in his eyes, in his mouth...and fire. Fire surrounding him.
"Are you sure you don’t want a little extra company, there?” Gabriel asked.
Dean's eyes flick up from where they had been resting briefly on Cas' hand on his shoulder. The hopeful smile he lights up with warms Castiel to his toes and set the moths fluttering in his stomach all over again. "Would you do that? Thanks, Cas. It’ll be in the main tent over there."
Castiel’s stupidly perfect face pops into Dean’s brain, and he flushes, remembering all the daydreams he’s had about being bent over a certain professor’s desk…
“You oughta see if it’s online,” Charlie says reasonably. “Did you know the Stanford library has digitized almost every text? There are centuries of magical pedagogy at our fingertips.”
Howdy, y'all.
Joshua nodded as he completed his dramatic pause, and went on. “This is a story of one such young mermaid, who was the youngest daughter of the king. She had the most beautiful voice anyone had ever heard. When she visited the surface after her sixteenth birthday, she saw there a handsome human prince, sailing on one of the humans’ great ships. She couldn’t help but fall in love with him.”
That stops Dean in his tracks, practically tripping over the sidewalk. “Huh?”
Gabriel’s eyes were wide as he nodded.
Dean passes a set of wooden stairs leading upwards to the second floor, but he hears no movement up there so he continues towards a small room at the end of the hall. It’s some kind of mudroom, Dean realizes as he eyes the rows of shoes and boots lined up on a rack. Under the boots he finds a pair of brown flip flops which more or less fit him, then, dropping his pack just inside the door, he opens it and steps outside.
“What do you think, Dean? Another Christmas where our husbands talk nonstop about work?” she jokes.
He'd known something was different when they'd first cast together, felt the raw power coursing between them, but today…
Dean gets lost in conversation for the rest of the evening. It’s amazing how these year-end holiday parties have become an opportunity to gather everyone he loves under one roof. That’s what he needs most nowadays—not more
“What exactly were we doing in this vision, Mrs. Moseley?” Castiel asked, wholly unsurprised that the Men of Letters had clairvoyants on its payroll, considering everything else he’d seen in the last few months.
friends.” Dean’s nodding along encouragingly. He knows all of this, having watched it all go down in his peripheral vision. But if it helps Anael to talk it out, that’s what he’ll do.
Dean stood in front of the looking glass atop the dresser in his apartments, staring at his reflection while Andrews gave his jacket one last firm go-over with a stiff, boar-bristle brush. He’d have to put on the charm tonight, he knew, if he was going to get through this ball. Unfortunately, there was really nothing he felt less like doing.
Cas rolls his eyes. “No need to get shitty with me. Why the urgency if you don’t even know what’s happening?”
“I love you, too.” Castiel slips his hand down, squeezing Dean’s wrist before taking a step back. “I would say ‘good luck,’ but you don’t need it.”
"Did your brother leave you much in London, Lord Milton?" Henriksen asked, settling himself at the other end of the settee.
“Castiel wasn’t allowed on campus, so the illusion was necessary for him to attend graduation,” Anna explains, her voice measured.
Dean shakes his head, his eyes wide. “Remember what I said earlier about hurting yourself? You’re always all, jump in first, ask questions later.”
The pain consumed Castiel, and by the time it began to recede, he had no idea where they were—the light hurt his eyes after the dark of Crowley’s lair, but everything was blurry, even though the water around them was getting lighter and lighter. He couldn’t get water into his gills, and his tail felt like it had been ripped to shreds.
He’s standing suddenly after that, running before he can quite regain hold of his footing. He practically stumbles over to the mantle, eyes wide, seeing all the Winchester family photos are gone. No more Dean and John at a baseball game, young Mary with her sweepy blonde bangs, Sammy as a baby… Those are relics of the past now. Instead there’s Castiel and Dean, around the age they are now—smiling selfies, pictures snapped outside holiday lights, group photos taken at Sam’s college graduation. The latter which, Dean reminds himself with some amazement, hasn’t even happened yet.
“I'm not giving up, Dean. I'm weighing up my options.”
There was no way he was losing another partner, not now, not Castiel.
“Spider dogs!” Charlie and Dean exclaim simultaneously, and Castiel’s expression slips into confusion.
The sweet fruit compote and almond nougat pudding that had ended their fine dinner were still evident on Castiel’s tongue, and Dean hummed into his mouth at the taste. He wanted Castiel’s stubble beneath his lips, his scent all around him, his arms and legs and…Dean spread himself against Castiel’s front, pushing him back into the wooden corner column of the four-poster bed as he began to kiss his way up Castiel’s jaw.
“But he’s my bestie, Dad!” she replies indignantly.
Okay, okay, I know what you're thinking.
On that note, onto the chapter. <3
I’m pretty sure I stared at him for longer than he expected, because he looked back up at me and asked, “What? You don’t think he’ll like ‘em?”
“Really?” Jo says, voice thick with sarcasm. “Because that’s pretty much exactly what you just did!”
“I’m here! I’m okay.”
The clean up began in earnest two days later, once Castiel had recovered enough lung capacity to climb the stairs to his apartment and throw all the windows wide to start airing out the smoke.
Bobby bowed his head, mumbling something through his beard that Dean thought he’d better not question. Instead, he leaned back into his chair, crossing his arms across the front of his simple waistcoat—it had been far too early to think about dressing up. Not for Bobby, anyway. He considered his options: complaining would get him nowhere; ignoring Bobby’s wishes would get him reprimanded and—even worse—would earn him Bobby’s disappointment. So, pushing down his own strong feelings on the matter, Dean let out a sigh.
Crowley’s voice barks over the top of the brothers’ argument, “If you would just stop bickering, let’s work out how we can get out of here!”
Sam says, “Shut up, Dean. Okay, here it is. It’s, uh… Enochian. The letters look like—let’s see. F. T, maybe? Third one looks like I or Y, then the last one is A.”
Jo frowns, then mimes tipping a glass towards her mouth, raising her eyebrows questioningly again.
Charlie grabs Dean in a hug, murmuring “congratulations” in his ear. Dean eyes the infernal over her shoulder, standing by impassively with its black eyes and gently radiating heat.
"Of course."
He carefully lifts Sam's head, murmuring, "Sammy? Here, have a drink. This'll help you. There you go." Sam stirs a little and takes a sip, then chokes a little, coughing weakly.
“There’s a new owner now, actually,” Dean said, carefully not confirming either way. “I think yesterday was the opening day. Charlie was very pleased to see that the Reading Room is remaining open—she was explaining it to me, apparently the clientele are encouraged to write on the books, or some such thing.”
Castiel doesn’t blame Sam for asking. They’ve heard precious little about anything either the resistance or Crowley's group are planning, and as the weeks have gone by, the lack of communication has been a background anxiety for Castiel. Front of mind has been supporting all his students through their exams, and most of all, Dean through his thesis presentation and submission, but he still worries about what will happen after graduation. They’ve only spoken about Dean’s post-graduation plans in vague terms, but Castiel wants more than anything for him to stay in Palo Alto—to move in with him. They practically live together anyway, spending most nights together at one apartment or the other, but Castiel would love to move to a more permanent arrangement. He just needs to work up the nerve to ask.
The drama's really ramping up, and we're so excited to finally dive into some scenes that inspired us to write this story to begin with. It's gonna be so fun!
Castiel murmured, "Perhaps." He was really not in the mood for such idle chatter.
“I, uh…” he began, taking the cuff from Castiel and inspecting it. The stones gleamed in the sunlight, a deep mixture of greens and browns, Cas wanted him to have this?
“Huh. Did I forget to tell you that?” Benny tries to sound apologetic and innocent, but he ends up sounding more sarcastic. Dean would be on the verge of throttling the guy if he wasn’t, y’know, still naked.
Singer had given him a passing education in the types of creature he might encounter in the field, and he’d barely paid attention, thinking it all made-up stuff and nonsense.
The pure sincerity of Sam’s words thaws some of the tough neutrality from the Captain’s face, Dean can tell. “The problem is, Sam,” she says calmly, “if we broach the Seal, or we overpower it or alter it, we’re legally committing an act of magical terrorism. There’s a lot more at risk than your degree. As a mage, why would you want to risk it?”
Dean looks down at his dress shoes, now scuffed from all the activity, and tries to block out the noise around him—Sam’s questions, Anna’s panting, even Cas’ thoughts. A few minutes ago he had felt something, something unusual, when him and Cas altered the Seal. Together they had adjusted the mechanics enough to allow lay magicians access to the elemental magic, but the Well itself had felt—unstable. Unbalanced. For a moment there, when he was rooting inside the nuts and bolts of the spell’s latticework, a feeling of déjà vu had overcome him. Like he was missing something important, and only needed time to dig a little deeper to solve everything.
“Spoilsport.”
strong.
He desperately wished they had more inkling as to what might happen, but until something did, they would have to join the ball. He looked into Dean’s eyes, willing him to be calm. “Keep your wits about you. Stay away from the liquor.”
“Well, yes,” he begins, wary. “But there wasn’t anything too complex there. I just took a few standard spells and...combined them.”
Castiel Novak…model-good looks, heart of freaking gold, smart as a damn whip. Oh, and sometimes he does such inventive magic that his eyes
“There’s way more than I could ever eat myself,” Castiel says, his steps crunching across the gravel until he comes to a stop on the other side. “They were once sent down to the market in town, but obviously not anymore.”
Cas grabs Dean by the shoulders, spinning them both around as he walks them over towards the bed. Dean’s knees hit the edge and he falls backwards, Cas climbing onto the bed after him as he tries to scoot up onto the mattress. Cas crawls up over Dean, leaning in to kiss him thoroughly, then pulls back and asks with his head cocked to the side and a mischievous twinkle in his eye, “May I?”
“Don’t mention it,” Dean mumbled breathlessly down toward his knees.
Munching contentedly on his hazelnuts, Dean led Castiel along the gravel path across the large green. The sun had dropped a little further, and light shone out underneath clouds above the park, streaking the sky with orange and pink. The splash of color, with the greens of early summer below, filled Castiel with gratitude for being alive and here in this moment—something he’d scarcely felt since he left England for war all those years ago.
Some days, he really wonders.
"Yeah, you know it," Dean agrees, grinning.
“Don’t talk that way about my mother,” Garth protests, though his voice is quivering, and the boys break into raucous laughter again. Dean steps forward and offers his hand out to Garth, who looks at Dean gratefully and clings to his palm, letting himself be hauled to his feet. Dean pushes Garth behind him, his stance on-edge and protective. The thugs stop laughing at Garth, while the leader, the brown-haired guy, steps close to Dean and into his personal space.
They rocked together slowly, taking their time and savoring every sensation, kisses and whispered pantings of each other’s names the only sound until Castiel shuddered, catching Dean’s lip softly between his teeth as he marked Dean’s body with thick spurts of white.
Captain. It’s not meant to be flashy, I can assure you. It’s a nickname I was given.” She laughs at little, as if she realizes the absurdity of their conversation, and puts Dean at ease again. “There are just…certain types of magic-users who can’t share their real name freely. Ones who the council wouldn’t want hanging around a classically-trained mage like you.”
“We’d hate to impose,” Anna begins carefully. “Gabriel hadn’t planned to come back with me to Palo Alto, but we were having such a great time together and missed Cas, so we just sorta…teleported here.”
Charlie took a big gulp of her tea, but Dean could still hear her giggling through it. Pleased that he could amuse his friend, Dean licked a crumb from his finger before reaching for another biscuit. Once Charlie had recovered from their bit of quiet banter, she cleared her throat and broached the topic that had summoned them together for…whatever one might call this; a meeting of two minds that was definitely
He was stroking Castiel’s thumb. He was saying that he didn’t have thumbs, and so he couldn’t write with the same proficiency as a human.
“Sorry.” Castiel kissed his neck again. “So, it wasn’t a revelatory experience? No parting of the heavens, no choirs of angels singing? I’m almost offended.”
“Why you’re still here,” Dean elaborates.
“What do you think?” he said.
“C. Novak again,” Dean said, as if that were supposed to mean something to her.
“Wonder about your own gifts.” Castiel grunted as he pulled a large box from deep beneath the tree. “Give this one to Dean, please.”
“You’re right. He’s kind, but firm. He knows who he is. Far more than I did at his age. Still….”
“Wait, what?” Kevin rushed over. “That’s him? The guy you were telling me about?”
“No! Not a problem.” Dean rolled Castiel’s foreskin back up, brushed his thumb over the cute snout that formed at the top. “Aw. Look at this little guy.”
“I know he wasn’t there for you. I know what he did with Jack was messed up, to put it mildly. The past’s not going to change. But I don’t think he thinks everything’s about him. I think he wants to do better now, even if he’s crap at showing it. I know I only met him a couple days ago, but that’s my dumb opinion. If you want it.”
“As you wish.” Jo narrowed her eyes shrewdly. “He’s important to you, then.”
Castiel’s office had a little more of note within it than his bedroom, so they spent a while longer there. Castiel invited Dean to peruse his bookshelves and said he was welcome to use his personal computer (but not his college-issued laptop, for confidentiality reasons). He introduced him to the collection of potted plants that had traveled with him from Cambridge to his postdoc in New York to here. He showed him the two 20-pound weights in the corner that Dean could use if he felt like exercising. At some point during it all, Dean switched the music to “Immigrant Song,” poking Castiel’s mouse clumsily in an attempt to get it to double-click.
“Very good. Classes went well.” Castiel sniffed. “Dean, this is the first time you’re saying something to me in your own words!”
Castiel let his body go slack, let Dean snuggle into him as much as he wanted. He dug his nose into Dean’s hair and breathed. There was still the scent of the lake and the afternoon sun there, and Castiel knew that any feeble battle he’d been fighting against his feelings for Dean was irrevocably lost.
“Wait, Jack? You’ve seen him? Talked to him?”
“Okay.” Dean double checked his setup. “I’m ready in here!”
It was a one-pound jar for $15. Dean wouldn’t have spent that on himself, but…well, Sam was right. He was trying to impress Castiel.
“Hmm.” Castiel graced the backs of his fingers over Dean’s arm. “So, you and I are those planets?”
“Come on,” he says.
Castiel glared.
Serve with fresh or thawed and drained berries, a little lemon zest, and the syrup of your choice.
When he reached the last of the shutters, Castiel paused, his shoulders stiff, and gazed out into the night. Even without sitting up to check, Dean knew that he was looking across the island. At the other end of the house’s V; at the solitary yellow light at the top of the tower.
“One moment,” he whispered. “Come in!”
“I was thinking about what you said earlier. In the car.” Castiel stroked Dean’s thigh. “About not going home for Thanksgiving.”
“Yeah, I don’t know. Something about seeing you all sweaty and half-naked after your run, thinking about how good it’d feel to have your tight little body on top of me….” Dean gently tipped his glass to his lips, seeming to savor the aroma. “It really did it for me.”
“I’m sorry,” Sam ventured, after several minutes in which the only sound was the slow tap of Dean’s knife against the chopping board. “I took it too far.”
“So, Tuesday.” Dean let out a breath. “How’s he looking, Sammy?”
“It was. I love this, son. I love it with all my heart.”
Within 24 hours, the channel had gained another 5,000 subscribers.
Castiel laughed. “Not too far off. I’m impressed you remembered that.”
Sam, of course, caught that. He smirked down at the table.
for advice. Since you like doing that so much.”
“Love you,” Dean said. He kissed Castiel’s neck.
“I can imagine that. Young nerdy Cass with his book. No fucks to give about the beautiful women around him.”
Yellow-Eyes. A fire dragon, then. Castiel had encountered a few of those on the rare occasion when he’d ventured away from his valley. They tended to be irascible and humorless, not even chuckling when he said hello by sprinkling their conflagrations with a bit of drizzle.
Finally, let’s return to “Swan Song.” Did that series finale end with “just the brothers”?
“Yeah.”
“This feels—I feel like I’ve been waiting for this for 33 years. It’s hard to describe.” Castiel breathed out, long and slow. “Do you think…do you want to come with me? In August?”
“Can we switch?” Meg clambered down, streamers in hand. “I’m not tall enough to reach the rest.”
“No,” Dean mumbled. He bashed a clove of garlic with brutal force. “I don’t care if you’re into dudes, Sam. I mean, you’ve been to the Celine Dion Vegas show multiple times. I’m not sure how surprised you expect me to be.”
“Good. We’ll meet here in the morning.” Dean glanced at him. “Is there something else?”
“Huh?”
“No, really. I’m not sure why. Just one of the things I haven’t gotten around to yet.”
Castiel snorted. “Yes, Dean. You can celebrate.”
“Look.” Meg picked some lint from her black jeans. “Just think about it, okay? I’d never force you out of the closet. Especially not to Dean. I just think you’ll be happier.”
“Is this okay?” Dean blinked his eyes open. “I know you’re not…I mean, angels don’t feel things the same way humans do. Do you mind if I kiss you?”
By the time they arrived outside the largest building in the village, Castiel was confident enough to slide from the horse’s back before Dean turned to catch him. Dean beamed.
“Yeah, whatever.” Castiel swallowed a bite of omelette. “I’ll tell you everything at brunch tomorrow.”
Dean regarded him pensively.
No, of course not. (Actually, if you want to write that fic, go right ahead. It’d be a funny in-universe explanation.) What happened was that the societal acceptance of casual homophobia that typified the early 2000s was giving way to less cultural tolerance of the use of “gay” as a pejorative, even from characters like Dean from whom people expect a certain degree of abrasiveness. And so, Dean stopped using gay as a pejorative.
“I guess—I guess I’m not even sure you can hear me right now. But I hope you can, because I need you here, man. Me and Sam can’t do this on our own.” Dean paused. “I can’t do this on my own.”
Cook time: 80 minutes
“How’d that go?”
“Try to pace yourself,” Castiel says. His coffee arrives, and he lifts it to his mouth mechanically, not even savoring it.
Castiel chuckled. “It was with my college boyfriend. Sophomore year. Neither of us knew what the hell we were doing. Needless to say, there weren’t any angels singing then, either.”
“No, it’s not that. I mean, I’m not exactly LeVar Burton, but it’s more that I don’t have a lot of spare time than me not wanting to read.”
“I know it’s selfish,” he said. “I know it’s selfish to think about myself when people are dying. But our wedding. How….” He grabbed fistfuls of Dean’s jacket. “We can’t now, can we?”
Jack slouched into the kitchen as Castiel was closing the front door behind him, the last grocery bag in hand.
“Hmm, good. I’m going to say hello to Father. Have you…?”
Castiel returned his phone to his pocket; they carried their plates to the dining room, sitting across from each other at the head of the table. They ate for a while with Crowley walking back and forth between their legs. Judging by how little he spoke, Castiel was enjoying the meal.
“You can sit here too,” Dean says, shimmying to the side that’s closer to the TV. “It’s a big bed.”
“You haven’t changed your mind about what you want, have you?” Castiel said to Dean.
“Hey,” Castiel said hoarsely.
“Luke. He’s a year younger than Michael. Has an MD, but he’s only ever worked in medical research. Which is probably good; I can’t imagine him having much of a bedside manner. He’s…he’s like a real-life internet troll. That’s probably the most succinct way to describe him.”
“No, I had to get a job because Dad left. I got my GED, though.”
Castiel nudged him forward with the crook of his arm, and Dean started down the staircase. The fine hairs on his nape were bristling with every finely honed instinct to avoid danger that he possessed, and yet he descended step after step. He couldn’t say no to Castiel. They both knew it.
“My mind’s in overdrive now,” Castiel said. “Well, you’ve got quite a standard to meet.”
“I could’ve told you that before you ordered it,” Castiel said.
Castiel groaned in response. He tightened his grip around Dean’s torso.
“It’s my sister’s vacation home. A few miles east of town, Heaven Ranch Road? Um…if you give me your number, I can text you the address.”
Castiel blinked once, twice. “What?”
“Okay,” Jack said. He glanced at Dean, then quickly looked away.
Dean walked to his office and switched on his desk’s architect lamp. Through the window, he could just make out the neat lines of the backyard—the low, umber-stained cedar fence around the herb garden that he and his father had put up when he was fourteen; the freshly tilled rows in the vegetable patch waiting for the winter’s last frost. Dean smiled as he opened his laptop. Knowing that Sam was peacefully asleep in the room below suffused him with warmth and ease.
“But….” Castiel trailed off.
“That’s not your problem,” Castiel said. He could already feel his hackles rising. He didn’t understand how a man like Dean’s father had produced a son like him.
“Not just a new book. A new genre.” Chuck rested his chin on his fist. “I’ve been thinking of going in a more romantic direction lately. Christian romance is quite a vibrant market.”
“Yeah, I’m up for trying it. As long as you’re lubed up, not like last time.”
Looking back on it, there wasn’t any one particular reason he’d told Meg before anyone else. With her leather biker jackets and polychromatic hair and messenger bag pins with slogans like “No War for Oil” and “Love Is Love,” she just exuded a free-spirited, iconoclastic vibe that made Castiel think she wouldn’t care that he was gay. She was from Chattanooga and constantly bashed the “dumb as rocks” bigots she’d grown up around who picketed same-sex commitment ceremonies with Adam & Steve signs. Based on what she’d told him, some of the worst of those people were in her own family.
“What the—” Dean swerved the car a couple feet. “What the fuck is that?”
Chuck shuffled to one of the cabinets and reached for a glass. “I fixed myself a hot toddy. Before my refill.”
“Yes. It’s—nice for us. To rub our limbs against another’s.” Abruptly, Castiel lifted his tentacles from Dean’s grasp. “We should continue, Dean. We don’t want your friend to wake up and realize you’re gone.”
“Huh.” Dean lay the legal pads on the floor of the shopping cart. “So, how do you write poetry, anyway? Not
had spent
🌽🍅🥦🌶🥔🍆🥕🥬🥒🍓🥑
In the late afternoon, Dean trudged through the mud and slush to the barn, aiming to get as much cleaning done as he could before dinnertime. Castiel was coming back with Sam on Sunday, and freshening up the barn was on his list of things to get done before then. They hadn’t opened up the barn to event booking yet, but it still needed regular cleaning and maintenance in the meantime.
Some scuffing on the floorboards interrupted Castiel’s brooding. He peeked over his shoulder. Dean had laid out a sheet on the ground and was now picking up his folded-up cloak from his stack of belongings by the door.
“I love that car more than anything in the world. You should be honored to be on the same level.” A beat passed in the darkness, and Dean adjusted one of his tingling limbs under Castiel’s body. “I’m kidding.”
Their two empty place settings were next, but Dean moved around them to meet the final couple.
Castiel stared at him for several seconds before glancing at his watch. “How long do you think it’ll take to Rockfish Gap? Our reservation’s at six.”
Castiel groaned. “You’re horrible.”
He continued the spadework, narrating the steps to his imaginary audience. Once the radishes were in the oven and the water for the pasta was heating, he took a break to turn on more of the lights around the house and put on the local news. He lay the remote down on the coffee table again when he saw, through the living room’s narrow windows, Sam’s car gliding up the driveway.
They shared a nervous laugh, though it hardly seemed to settle Dean down at all. He had a thin sheen of sweat along his hairline, tiny beads in the moonlight. Castiel flipped onto his side again and kissed some of them away.
“I appreciate that, Dean.” Castiel glanced at Dean’s lips, settling there long enough that Dean licked them instinctively. “I’m sorry for dumping my life story on you.”
“Hey, Crowley,” Dean said, as he passed the cat bed. Crowley’s shiny black ears flicked in response, though he didn’t stir otherwise. He’d always been more of a night owl.
Dean and Castiel didn't speak until the front door closed.
“Seriously?” Dean said.
“Do you want to get a haircut soon? It’s getting kind of long.”
¼ cup dried cranberries
“Is everything okay at home?”
Add the pasta to the large saucepan and cook until al dente—you want to start checking for doneness a couple minutes before the package directions say. However, you don’t want super al dente pasta in this recipe. Undercooked pasta could absorb too much of the cooking liquid later on, which could throw off our sauce. We want a normal al dente here.
“Morning, sunshine. Nice bedhead.”
“Cass? This is Crowley.”
“It’s true. I judge people who are too perfect. They’re annoying.”
“Hmm.” Castiel stood up from his couch and fiddled with the thermostat. “Yuri’s just the same as always. He already wants to take me to open mic night tomorrow.”
“Then—” Dean waggled his bare ass on the table. “You going to flip me over and fuck me, or do I have to do all the work here?”
“Yeah,” Dean muttered, in the intonation of a question being answered. Castiel hadn’t said anything.
Add all ingredients to a food processor and blend until smooth, adding additional extra virgin olive oil during the process if necessary. Add salt and pepper to taste if desired.
He lifted his head as high as it could go and swallowed.
“I gather that penetration plays a central role in your mating.”
“Yeah?”
Dean rolled his eyes. He bagged a selection of blue potatoes and weighed them on the scale.
“What was that?” Dean said.
“I’m getting ready for bed.”
Dean snorted. “Wine cellar?”
“Angels and Demons?”
“Why wouldn’t Gabe’s sound good?”
“Very much so,” Castiel said, a hint of a smile tugging at his mouth’s edge. “I have the membership card and everything.”
That was when he saw him. He was hard to miss, after all, being 6’5”.
Dean grinned.
“Um.” Dean thought about that. “No? At least none they introduced me to.”
“Blue-Eyes,” Ellen said, leaning into the bar, “is a dragon.”
“Oh yeah?” Dean licked his lips. “Would you spank me if you were here?”
“Thank you,” he said.
“There you go, sire.” Dean wiped the sweat from his brow. “It should be more pleasant for you.”
“For me? That’s so considerate. I appreciate it.” Castiel paused. “The thing is, I can’t eat that. I’m vegan.”
“I’ve had enough water for the moment, thank you. Come to think of it, I’m getting kind of hungry. I’d normally be having breakfast right now.”
“I don’t know, Cass.”
Castiel looks down at their feet. “Don’t mock me, Dean.”
“Oh.” Castiel peeked around the office’s doorframe, swiping a towel through his hair. “Looking for a book to read before bed? I can recommend something.”
“What?”
Dean shook his head. “Not in my experience. Mom, Dad—”
been,” Castiel said, leaning back into the other end of the sofa. He was on the last sip of his cocktail, and the corner of his mouth was stained red with a bite of strawberry.
“Can he get the time off?”
“‘Surprise’ might be a strong word.” Dean latched the gate behind them. “I just thought you might appreciate this. It’s the flowers. They’ve really taken off since the rain stopped.”
Dean shut his eyes again. He could see something else now, too, beyond the colors. Something overflowing the contours of Castiel’s body, hard to make out and incomprehensibly vast. Something bright and beautiful.
“You might want to tamp down those noises, handsome. They take public morality pretty seriously up here in Puritanland.”
“It’s fine,” Castiel called back. “No one’s around.”
“So strong,” Dean slurred. He blinked at Castiel, looking utterly sated.
Castiel sighed. Option two it was. He’d rather hurt himself than Dean any day.
“I know it looks like a lot of ingredients when they’re all laid out like this, but none of what we’re about to do is hard. It’s a meal that’s simple, satisfying, and not too time-consuming. I think you guys will like this one.”
“All good, sir.”
“I mean, if you can get the time off to manage the farm.” Dean met Sam’s eyes. “Even a few days—”
“No, it was awesome. You were awesome. It was…different, but not in a bad way.” Dean sighed. “I think I just psyched myself out about it, you know? I’m not sure whether I was more excited or scared. But it wasn’t as bad as I’d thought it’d be.”
“I do mean it. I’m sorry because I hurt you in some way.”
“Of course, once I found out that you’re the most beautiful man on the planet, that didn’t hurt.”
“Right. Yeah. Sorry, I misunderstood.”
“So, okay. That’s the first thing. Cleanliness. After that, I wanted to know how to make it not hurt. Because I don’t see how it won’t.”
Dean let out a breath. He looked up at Castiel with a small smile.
“All I said is that you took ten of the same picture.”
Castiel shrugged. “No reason to spend millions of dollars just on myself. I’m not married, and Jack lives 20 minutes away. When he was younger, he’d sleep over in Gabe’s old room or, before Father and I reconciled, the other bedroom of whichever rental house or hotel suite I was in at the time. But ever since he started high school, he doesn’t really like doing overnights. Except when he visits me in DC, obviously.”
He sweeps out the door, bemused angel in tow.
But now Cas had returned, and seemed cold as ice, not to mention engaged to be married. What was Dean to make of it? Nothing, he supposed. Cas was lost to him, and he’d best get over it, as much as he might long for it to be otherwise.
"—whatever," Cas continues. "And thanks for the, uh, the breakfast." He winces as he realizes how much of an asshole he's about to sound. "But I can't take you anywhere today. I have a load of work to do and I'm gonna have to ask you to leave."
Castiel chuckles, then grabs Dean’s hand and leads him into the apartment.
“Oh Captain, My Captain,” he says lavishly, hand on his heart. “I cannot tell you how pleased I am to see you here.”
Disappointment floods through him, but if Dean wants to take things slow, he won’t be the one to push. “Will I see you at the library this week?” Castiel asks, knowing full well that Dean needs to finish his draft this week and the last time they’d met in the library hadn’t exactly gone to plan.
“We sure did,” Dean replies, leaning in for a kiss as they leave the hospital.
Azazel reaches out, placing the tip of the knife against Dean’s throat. "Don't struggle, now," he says, still grinning. “All it takes is a little cut, my friend here will bleed on you, and you'll feel all better.”
“Dean, wait… I—”
Castiel turns to the maze, but he can't see anything to explain the magic he feels racing around him. The elemental pull from all directions steadily rises, until it's almost like a physical wind—or like a piercing, high-pitched whine at the back of Castiel’s mind. It circles around and between them, ever increasing. Dean reaches out to grip Castiel's forearms, and Castiel clings to him as the roar of the magic grows so strong he ducks his head, closing his eyes reflexively.
"Light saber, Cas."
Castiel put one hand over his heart in thanks, and accepted the clothes, placing them on the bed so he could remove his coat again.
Cas shudders. Dean had been right, Benny grounding him didn’t feel right at all, but it had helped, for sure.
“What are you thinking?”
Gentleman Jackson - a famous boxer of the late eighteenth century
“He c-could have shot us here,” Sam says, his teeth chattering.
Castiel smiles a little, reassuring in a way that Dean can’t quite describe. And then he says, aloud, “I just need you to believe in yourself the way I believe in you.”
The Captain inhales sharply, evidently surprised by his upfront approach. “I don’t know, Dean. What I do know is, I’d like to know more about the layers of enchantments Stanford has in place to systematically oppress magic users they consider lower class. Magic users like me, and my friends, and hundreds of others.”
Dean replied, “Sure. I hope we can find something this time. I’ve only got, what—two weeks to finish the draft?”
So here we are, at the end of our story…
“We casting?” he asks, a little breathlessly.
“For Dean,” he said, so quietly that Dean had to lean forward to catch it.
“I beg pardon, but you saw us in a vision?” Dean asked, surprised.
“You’re oddly self-righteous for someone who’s been having clandestine meetings with my sister,” Castiel snipes, his voice a deep and unyielding rumble.
“Not long now,” Cas says, nodding. “I’ve got all my shopping done, thank goodness.”
He says, “The
Sam’s eye roll was fond and lacked much judgement. “I have no illusions that you mean something of substance, like a woman who is well-read, or tutored in languages.”
“Dean, stop, you’re drunk.”
Cas follows, wondering what Dean is planning to do. A real demon, already? Cas hasn't even learned how to control his own magic yet, how is he supposed to know how to deal with an actual demon?
Key turned in the lock, Dean strode immediately back to the bed. What on Earth was this? There was no one he had even…
The Dean/Cas/Meg threesome is at the end of this chapter. If you'd rather not read it, you can skip to chapter 4 once Dean goes to find Cas, without losing any of the story. Dean/Cas smuts in chapter 4 :)
Dean grinned against the bolt of Castiel’s jaw. “Oh, it's to be that kind of morning, is it?”
“Just do it, I want to feel you,” Dean gasped, withdrawing his own fingers.
Without really meaning to, Castiel pulls his fingers back until his fingertips touch Dean's, then summons a thread of electricity—just a mild plasma tickling between them. It crackles and hums, and the light it emits flickers over Dean’s delighted expression. The spark winks out, the charge dissipating. Castiel’s never been that good with electrical spells.
And suddenly he has the body weight of an angel pressing into his back, pinning him against the hard metal as a voice like sun-heated marble growls in his ear, “I can think of a few ways to fill it.”
Adler huffs. “I’m willing to overlook whatever it is that you get up to off-campus, but if you’ve been using this room for your clandestine...hook-ups, then I’m going to have to—”
“Just lay back, sweetheart,” Dean murmured. “I’ve got you.”
Despite his limited access, Dean spends a good half-hour creeping Castiel’s profile until he feels good and stalkery. He learns that Castiel is a new member of the group Beekeepers of the East Coast, which makes Dean snort at how dorky and adorable that is. He flicks through the main page and sees a video the professor shared six months ago, raising awareness for a new spellcasting device that allows mages without full function of their hands to cast simple charms, and Dean watches it, transfixed by the technology. He should really send this to Charlie, it’d be right up her alley.
“Sure,” Castiel says with a smile.
Dean leaned back in the window and grabbed Castiel’s arm in return, kissing him firmly. “Parting is such sweet sorrow,” he said cheekily, then ducked out through the window, grabbing onto the vines.
, Dean tells himself firmly. Keep moving.
demon-woman advanced slowly, far less rabid than her rotting counterparts, despite the cacophony of noises that she made.
With all the sex they’re having, Dean’s stamina has certainly increased. Still, he’s so close to coming if he could only get the right angle. Castiel shifts his hips around, one leg on the couch and one leg on the floor, gripping Dean’s thighs as he pounds into him from below. This new position is doing wonders. The first thrust hits Dean’s prostate and he cries out, the rhythm increasing mercilessly as Castiel nails Dean again and again.
When Cas looked up to Dean apologetically, Dean had to catch his breath again—those eyes! In the sun they were a bright blue, like the sea on a clear day, and he was reminded all over again of the merman, leaning over him on the beach. Cas’ gaze held him trapped here, just the two of them standing in the town square, a scant few inches between them. Dean licked his lips nervously and Cas' eyes dropped to track the movement.
“He wants Sam. No time to explain now, we’d better get out to the gate. I’ll go get my gun.”
“No! What have you done?” Amelia was screaming, but Dean barely heard her.
“Ah, it was long ago now,” she replied, waving a hand in the air.
That was, indeed, the question.
“Eden is a naturally defensive position, on the high ground. I have weapons, ammo. We can hold this place for as long as it takes to get an answer out of him, or we kill him.” Cas sounds cold and clinical, and it sends a chill through Dean to hear him discuss killing anything so coolly.
Lady Donn smiled, her eyes dark behind her gilded mask as she looked them up and down. She said, “Welcome, Lord Milton, Mister Winchester. Don’t you both look delightful tonight? I’m so pleased that so many strapping young men are in attendance!”
Castiel steps forward again, allowing the witchlight to grow slightly. “I don’t think you realize how serious I am about this, Adler,” he growls.
The interviews had, at least, helped him avoid spending much time near Castiel at all.
Dean moves his hands with the spell once again and throws a burst of fire into the middle of it. He holds the spell for just a moment longer, pausing for some reason before he drops the spell. Castiel releases his energy pull and the Seal speeds back into its frantic dance, and Castiel steps backwards, panting.
“Good.” John smiles, then quirks an eyebrow. “So you’ll stay on with Bobby, then?”
going there? I didn’t know you were still doing this, Castiel.” Gabriel kept up the chatter as Castiel pushed aside a large rock and they swam through a narrow crack behind it. “Hasn’t Naomi got you doing enough…?”
The grateful, yet sad look in Cas’ eyes was almost unbearable.
Free of the roadways and with Campbell House far behind them, Dean grinned to himself as Baby moved out into open fields, the three-beat thump of her hooves drowning out all other sounds. “Here we go, Baby. Want to fly?”
John leans back in his chair, taking it all in. "I'm not allowed to keep that sort of thing here, y'know…with my history. But that's good they're still givin' you a job."
Dean made a beeline for the punch table, and Castiel followed behind, rescinding his decision not to drink already. The atmosphere in the room was close, and a trickle of sweat ran down his back as he stood waiting for his cup. Dean turned and handed him his punch, nodding his head towards a group of women standing not far away. Becky Rosen’s voice could be heard overtop of all the others, enthusing about something or other.
plan.”
If they drop the spell abruptly, a variety of objects could fall on his students heads—heavy furniture being the most worrying. Castiel’s eyes wander up for a split second, his face incredulous, and he gulps and nods. Their rhythm decreases gradually, flat palms to fists to crossed, over and over again, the spell diminishing gently as all the floating objects are returned safely to the ground. When the scrap of wood meets the concrete floor, Dean sighs in relief, knowing his desk would’ve been the heaviest and last object to move. His assumption was correct—the desks and bags and marbles are all returned. Everything is back to normal.
Since returning from the Cotswolds after midsummer, Dean had spent almost every night here. He was fond of being woken by the fingers of sunlight that reached through the east facing windows that looked out across the city; it was almost infinitely preferable to being woken by his brother clattering around the adjoining bedroom, dressing for his morning constitutional. Sam was far too early a riser for Dean. (Or for anyone in their right mind.)
Cas loosens the pants around his hips enough that Dean can wrap his hand around Cas’ cock and squeeze, making Cas gasp.
“Okay,” Dean says, interrupting him in turn. He doesn't need to hear Cas pour any more of this out to know just how much he's fucked this up by leaving. He nods, stepping back from Cas, from where he stands still on the stairs. “I understand. I’ll just...” He trails off, hooking one thumb over his shoulder.
The Mechanikos office door opens into the main foyer of the building—a cavernous space with tall columns along each side. As Castiel walks across the space towards the front entrance, he hears a scuffling sound off to one side. Peering into the shadows, he sees two students making out furiously against the stone wall. He sighs inwardly. Enforcing rules is an annoying part of his job, but he’s fairly sure there’s a
Dean sighs, and Cas glances at him. “Come on,” the demon says, moving forward into the park.
Dean’s smile dropped as he watched Castiel’s reaction with some confusion. He seemed surprised to see him here, almost flustered by his presence. Had he been expecting him not to accept the invitation? "Yes, thank you, I am," he finally replied, attempting to remain pleasant even as his heart sank again. He turned to Miss Masters, bowing to her in turn.
“Dean,” Castiel gasps between kisses, “what…what’s gotten into you?”
With a quick flick of his wrist, he summons his small bottle of lube out of his nightstand and into his waiting hand. They stop kissing long enough for Dean to open the cap and drizzle a generous trail of lubricant directly onto their shafts, and Cas stares down at the motion as if he’s never seen anything quite this arousing. He’s planted on his elbows, hovering high enough that Dean thinks he can do exactly what he wants to do. “Fuck,
He follows Lisa’s instructions down the spiral staircase, back to the hallway filled with faculty offices, and takes a winding route to the very back. Finally, after what feels like such a goddamn maze that he considers casting a direction spell, he spots office number 41 tucked in an alcove on the left. He checks the time on his phone and winces—okay, so, twenty-five minutes late. Even for him, that’s not great. Should he fabricate a false emergency or exaggerate how difficult it was to find the professor’s office? One’s an obvious lie, and the other makes him sound a doofus, so he takes a deep breath and decides on option three.
Dean throws him a glare. “I told you already, I didn’t want to get you involved. Either of you. If Stanford had found out about it—”
Sam smiled over the top of his tea. “If that’s the case, you’ll be the first person to know, I’m sure. You two were always so close.”
“No shit, Sammy,” Dean said.
Castiel is fairly sure that there’s only one person Crowley is passionate about helping, but he keeps that to himself. He nods, saying, “Very well, I’ll help your magicians, but if you could please keep this quiet, I’d appreciate it. I’m still not sure how the university would handle it if they found out.”
“No, Cas, she can’t just come in here and act like she has the right to…to…”
“It was Sam, really,” Castiel said, already moving to stand and help Dean get to his feet. “He included the exorcism in the book of Latin spells he sent with us.”
“Balthazar?” a voice called, making them all turn to look. A woman approached, clad in a fine burgundy satin gown that ruffled as it fell from her slender waist. “Balthazar! You said you were going to introduce me!”
Claire isn't a particularly musical kid, but Dean has discovered since she'd started school that she has plenty of enthusiasm when forced into performing. Right now she’s sullen-faced despite her jingly Santa hat, but Dean knows she's been preparing for this for weeks—he’s been subjected to her practicing the songs for what feels like forever.
Dean twists his wrist, his mouth still breathing against Cas’ groin. “What? Snooze ya lose, babe.”
“Mister Winchester, how do you do?” he asked, smiling up at the tall man. He must have been no more than a few years younger than Dean, but he always seemed quieter, more calm than his brother.
“You know me a whole lot better after today,” he rumbles.
was a little ambitious, but I'm back now and hoping for a more regular sort of update cycle for these boys.
“Sure, okay.” Dr. Winchester turns to walk back to the lectern, raising his voice to calm the murmur of the students in the room. “Okay, let’s get this show on the road.”
“We shan’t be underfoot much longer, at least,” Charlie was saying when Dean looked back up. “My aunt and I must meet some ladies at The Assembly Rooms this afternoon.”
Castiel opens his mouth to protest but closes it again and gives a wry half-grin instead. His eyes drop to the drinks in front of him, then flick back up to Jo's grinning face.
There was, he noted, at least one face who hadn’t been at last year’s midsummer ball.
For now, Cas will just have to put up with him. Hopefully his irritating tardiness and insouciance will be made up for by the fact that he's effortlessly easy on the eyes. Tall, slim, sandy hair, a smile that had done strange things to Castiel's insides, and—
The flush high on Dean’s cheekbones makes Castiel’s stomach start to flutter again. “It was lay magic. Wasn’t it? That’s why you got hurt.”
“Dean—”
“What’s on your mind, m’lord?” she murmured to him. “Has Lord Shurley done you some wrong?”
,” Castiel says impatiently. “I assure you, I know my limits, and you are nowhere near them. Now, come on.”
“Jo—”
Castiel doesn’t release him. “Look at him, Dean. Does he look like you’re going to be able to stop him?”
“What look?” he asks, glancing away from the table and hoping to catch Jo’s eye. He needs a freaking beer.
He steps forward, pointing the gun into the van, but it's empty. Where are they?
“The party is delightful, is it not?” Lucy added, with perhaps slight embarrassment at her sister’s exuberance.
Dean grinned as he did as she’d asked. Everyone knew she was sweet on the old sea dog, even if she’d never admit it out loud.
“You realise that most gentlemen would send a steward and other staff for that kind of thing,” Castiel pointed out as he helped Dean wrestle the blanket into Baby’s saddlebag. “That is if it occurred to them at all.”
Castiel’s concern ratchets up as he takes in the defeat in Dean’s face, his slumped posture. “What does he want? And how is he able to—”
One of Dean’s hands finds its way to the hair at the back of Castiel’s head, the other on his hip, pulling him forward. Castiel licks his way into Dean’s mouth, and Dean makes a noise Castiel is sure is the most sinful these books have heard in a while. He pushes a knee between Dean’s and Dean stumbles backwards into the shelf—the frame shakes, but when nothing seems to topple over, Castiel presses himself up against Dean and kisses him with all the frustration he’d been feeling while sitting at the desk, while working with Dean on the Seal, while getting to know him over the last few months.
Crowley's smile remained in place. "Did you bring what I asked for?"
Castiel peeked from behind a rock, some way from the shore. He’d heard what the tall human had called as he’d seen the man lying on the beach—
Castiel panted hard as he squinted up at the man in the dim moonlight. There was an odd smell to him, faint decay and something rotten that reminded him again of Alfie’s corpse that morning, and he recoiled in horror as the man leaned down and sniffed at him. Baring his teeth in a snarl, Castiel was about to attempt to throw some kind of a punch, when Sinclair arched up again and fell to the side.
- absolutely
The river was wide here, the water clear and slow-flowing. Gentle evening light shone across the puffy-whites from underneath, painting them a fiery orange. When Castiel pointed to them, Dean chuckled. "Clouds, Cas," he replied, and Castiel wondered all over again how he'd ended up with surely the kindest human of them all.
Dean shoves at his shoulder playfully. “You’re never gonna let me forget that, are you? Anyway, you enjoyed it! Nah, it’s time to rewatch the greatest Christmas movie of all time.”
Dean shakes his head, grinning. There's no rush for what comes next. They have all the time in the world.
As he’d begin reciting the Latin, the demon flinched, cowering behind Dean’s arms as it held them up. As Castiel reached partway into the prayer, though, the flames finally flickered out.
“She’ll always be Miss Charlie to me,” Dean said stubbornly.
But what about Becky’s idea? Could he waste precious moments digging through the notebook that Sam had given him?
Castiel follows Dean into the kitchen, where he swallows two acetaminophen tablets as the demon speaks. “You told whoever you were speaking to just now that you didn’t want to pass your test and become a warlock. Why don’t you?”
They pulled away from each other in alarm, looking into the water on one side of the boat, then with another huge thump and what Castiel was sure was the slap of a powerful tail fin, the world turned upside down.
He clears his throat, finding it dry. The guy might have been stunning before, but now, with those eyes looking into his soul? “Adequate...sure,” he says, and hurriedly turns to leave the building.
“You really think you won’t recognize me?” Castiel asks, amused. There’s no way he could ever lose Dean in a crowd—he’s sure the same will be true when he’s in disguise.
“For New Year,” Dean explains. “We’re going over there for New Year’s Eve.”
“Good thinking,” Castiel says thoughtfully, then adds, “The magic…it was overwhelming, wasn’t it?”
, he remembered, and the thought sent a jolt of sadness through him. This ship would no longer carry them over the ocean, and Castiel would never see Dean again.
That’s when he sees a ripple of energy, hazy and opaque, right in the middle of his apartment. Another curtain of energy, another secret doorway from the Captain requesting his presence. How long has it been there? Since the moment he walked in?
Castiel hesitates, opening his mouth then closing it again, like he was about to say something, then stopped himself. Instead, he grabs Dean by the neck of his chainmail and pulls him in with a clatter for a scorching kiss, their mouths pressed together for barely a few seconds. As Castiel pushes him away, dazed, Dean has to check that the sun hasn't actually exploded and rained sparks down from the sky.
Dean interrupts him, speaking firmly. “Save the Hallmark, okay? Maybe I can grow a pair and stand up to my old man. Or, I dunno, maybe we could even give the Grove a chance if they come through with your mission, who knows?”
When Castiel doesn’t say anything, Dean glances at him to see him looking out towards the sunset grimly. He wonders how long it’s been since Castiel has seen another living person out here in this desolate backwater. He decides to try for the usual way they approach talking to survivors these days.
But Crowley has everything over them. Anna being hurt, Sam blood-bound. Their friends at the D, in some unknown danger.
Well hello again. Shall we see how this wild ride ends?
Dean’s buoyant mood lasted until he passed the two horses to the groom at Campbell House. Bidding Baby goodbye with a rub to her nose and a handful of oats, he walked back into the house through the front door.
"Shut up, Dean," Charlie calls from the counter. "You're as big a nerd as I am, don't try to deny it."
Cas’ head just flops to the side when Dean’s palm touches his face, and Dean’s heart does its best to crack into pieces. The sight of Cas without his suit and coat takes Dean back to another time, another reality, another Cas with his addictions and death wish. Panic rises, acid in his throat.
God, he needs a drink.
“Are you okay?” he asks quietly. “You seem…upset today.”
Castiel hadn’t been consciously considering every gentleman in the room for the possibility they might be M, but he found himself crossing this Ion off the list nevertheless, and gladly. “Do the gentlemen of Cheltenham play a lot of cards, then?”
But who the hell was
It's not a sandy head, but Missouri's dark curls that peer around the door.
Castiel shook his head, sadly. “I don’t know him, I’m sorry. But now that Bonaparte has been defeated in Paris, the men are expected to return home. I hope you’ll see your son very soon.”
“So beautiful,” Castiel says, parting Dean’s cheeks. “Next time, I’m going to prep you with my tongue. I’ll lick you open slowly, have you writhing around on the desk until you’re begging for my cock.”
“Yes, yes,” Gabriel interrupted, his fins fluttering in agitation, “he’s sent by the gods, I know. But have you got the amulet yet?”
“Pieces?” The rain is coming down in sheets now, and they’re both forced to yell. “What pieces?”
Dean approaches while Cas is talking, stopping in front of them to frown at Claire’s tired gaze. “Well, you two take it easy, because I’m making dinner tonight.” He claps his hands together and rubs them, grinning.
“I see that.” There’s a slight edge to Castiel’s voice that Dean doesn’t understand. “Balthazar is an interesting man, but even I know that he has a—reputation.”
“They prefer to remain unknown,” Campbell said, throwing back the last morsel of biscuit. “God knows what they see in this place, but take heart—apparently they see something worth keeping.”
Castiel avoided Michael's doubtful look and turned to face the king.
Castiel tucks the end of the bandage under itself and picks up the warm water and basket of supplies. "I'll get him something for the fever," he says to Dean as he's heading for the door, stopping near where Dean is standing, "but I don't have much of that, either. Do you think you could get him to drink some tea?"
Castiel turned back to Becky. “Miss Becky, I am begging you, please take the other women and hide somewhere safe in the upper rooms of the house.”
The third time she drops it and he returns it to her, he recognizes the joyful twinkle in her eye. This is now a game. Completely having lost track of what Dr. Winchester had been saying about the assessment, he tucks the toy back into the bag and instead fetches a cardboard book with brightly colored animals on the front. He tries to refocus on what the professor is talking about.
“Good afternoon, ladies,” Castiel replied, bowing slightly from the waist as best he could manage and hoping he didn’t have too much dust in his hair or face. “Opening day is tomorrow—I’d be happy to welcome you inside then.”
Dean cut in, forcing a grin onto his face. “No! No way...that’s awesome. Knew we’d make a sailor of you one day.” He slapped Sam on the shoulder.
Dean huffed. “I do not think what I do behind closed doors is any of your business.” It may once have been—indeed, he’d bored Cas to sleep on several occasions as he waxed lyrical about his pursuit of ladies in their younger days. But no longer.
The boss’ face darkens and the demon nearly jumps out of his skin at the commanding tone. “Then tell me how to get in there!”
Campbell took a large bite of the biscuit, speaking around his mouthful. “The fact is, Novak, someone in town thinks your tea room here is worth keeping. They got wind of our little…issue here, and…. Well, let’s just say you have a generous benefactor. I’m content to honour our original agreement.”
come, won’t Charlie figure out that there’s something going on between them? Well, more than the usual flirting and long gazes and touches she’s been witnessing in the library. Subconsciously, Dean must want Charlie to know, or else he wouldn’t have invited Cas over. And last night, they had only agreed to be discreet on-campus,
Castiel’s heart sinks like a rock into a still pond. He’d known it was a dumb thing to say, but as usual, his bravado had got the better of him. “Was that not okay? I’m so sorry, Dean, I shouldn’t have assumed—”
The kiss is scorching, the demon’s lips hot against Dean’s as they glide together, then they abruptly leave him as Castiel latches onto the skin just under Dean’s jaw and sucks, making Dean's eyes roll back in his head. Yeah, this is fine. Nothing wrong with taking advantage of his demon-summoning talent, right? Demon's gotta eat, after all. Dean’s rapidly getting on board—perhaps he has been all along.
“I’m glad you came,” Castiel mumbles, looking a bit doubtful. “You never responded to any of my emails, so I wasn’t sure…”
Every wall of the school's assembly hall is covered in lights and tinsel, and cheesy Christmas music is playing—some upbeat Michael Bublé number that Dean would never in a million years admit to knowing. Parents and children mill around, chattering excitedly.
. But sure as hell not easy. ‘Cause his Hottie McHot thesis advisor has been present in his mind
Dean huffs out a short laugh. “I meant tell me. What’s this ritual?”
“Yeah, he’ll get it. Watch.” Dean held up his coffee cup. “Coffee.”
Inias takes his payment for their meal, and murmurs to Castiel, “I hope you’re enjoying your night.”
“I’d like to see that,” he says, grinning. “I bet they’re all huge and white.”
“It does sound quite blissful, and Alfie is doing so well handling the Tea Room whenever I take off,” Castiel mused. “You—you’d probably be missed, though.”
“Dean,” Castiel begins, his voice firm, “you could give this presentation with your eyes closed. You are incredibly bright, impressively resourceful, and very well-spoken. You are going to do so well.”
Dean’s mouth flapped once, twice, before he closed it with a huff. “Good manners,” he intoned snappily, “would infer not talking on matters which you know nothing about. Now, do you want a tour of this damned labyrinth or not, m’lord?”
The outburst is so unexpected that Castiel lets out a laugh before he can help it. Had he really just gotten jealous of a slice of pie?
Castiel nods, hesitating to try to gather his thoughts. "What about this cure?"
Just as she was about to squeeze into the gap, Castiel called out, “Wait.”
Benny’s laugh boomed across the bar, and he clapped Dean on the shoulder. “You know what?” he said, still laughing, “we should have a party for ‘im. Y'know, blow off some steam.”
Dean curses under his breath as he sees the broken casing of the clock lying on the hearth, the golden hands bent at odd angles.
“Oh,” she said, her voice still pleasant and calm, “a little fish told me. It’s okay,” she added, spinning around to reach out a hand in reassurance. “I ate him afterwards.” Her grin as she spoke was unsettling.
After an awesome weekend with Cas, they both arrive back on campus too busy to see each other much. Castiel is buried under a mountain of freshman exams, and Dean has grading on top of finalizing his thesis draft. At least he has plenty of weekend memories to keep him motivation throughout the week—rolling around in bedsheets with Cas, sitting side-by-side as they sip coffee and read, playing footsie under the kitchen table. Still, by midweek, they haven’t been able to do much but send a few text messages and wave at each other from across the quad. Dean wishes he could cross the space between them and entwine their fingers together, give his boyfriend a deep, take-his-breath-away kiss, or even a peck on the cheek. But Cas’ only requirement for them had been to be discreet on-campus, so Dean’s been following the professor’s lead whenever they’re in public. As a result, by Wednesday Dean is feeling strung-out and overworked and ready for winter break already.
Castiel nodded. “And I’m happy for you. You deserve all of it, Gabriel. It’s not like I asked you to come to the surface with me.”
Meg shifts, possibly rolling over. “Mm-hm. Are the other teachers being jerks? Do I need to come over with my pretty knife?”
“Uh…” Sam’s pause tells him everything he needs to know, and Dean narrows his eyes. “Hey, like you have any room to talk. You’re always dating a new girl like, every weekend.”
“Nope,” he answers flippantly, “just wasn’t watchin’ where I was going.”
They sit together in the end, listening with bright smiles as the kids sing an off-key but enthusiastic “Santa Claus is Coming to Town,” followed by Dean’s least favorite of the cheesy selection, “Up On The Rooftop.” But if he has to surreptitiously wipe a bit of moisture from the corner of his eye as he sees Claire singing her lungs out in the back row, he’ll deny it.
“Would you please wake me up in that manner from now on?” Dean asked quietly, the smile clear in his voice.
Dean and Castiel had left London the afternoon before. The journey from London to the Cotswolds by carriage was a hefty fourteen-hour jaunt, so they’d packed in several extra hours the day prior to ensure they arrived at a polite hour today. It was midafternoon, and Dean had been sharing a carriage with Castiel the entire day.
Instead, he clears his throat and murmurs his thanks, turning back to his stack of papers. He starts going through the first one, sipping at his coffee while Dean starts typing away, his quiet key-taps joining the ambient quietness of the library.
Yep, Castiel guessed right.
The process of receiving the tattoo was a simple, if somewhat painful, one. Ash had long, sharp tools that reminded Dean of hedgehog spines or pen quills, and he pulled the skin tight, puncturing hundreds, perhaps thousands, of tiny holes in the skin, forcing ink down within. It was slow, like someone hand-darning a patch on your chest, and Dean couldn’t say he was a big fan of the sensation. But, he was a big fan of not letting a spirit take him over or bend him to its will, and so it was done regardless.
Dean eyes him, wondering how this new human is still willing to help those who have treated him so badly. He learns forward, making sure Cas is looking at him. “You help by calling me okay? Call me if you need anything at all.” He stares pointedly at Cas until he nods.
Bobby seemed to see through him as usual, apparently peering directly into Dean's soul, and said, “What’s eatin’ you? You look like you sucked a lemon.”
Castiel kisses him, slowly at first, and everything fades into the background. The sound of crackling flames in the fireplace is the only thing he can hear above his own breathing, and Dean weaves a hand into Cas’ hair, deepening their kiss. Cas’ lips are slightly dry and cold from saying goodbye to the girls earlier, but Dean licks into his mouth and warms him up easily. They begin to gravitate naturally into the bedroom, and when Dean’s back hits the mattress with Cas straddling his hips, they give their lips a brief reprieve and stare at each other.
(See the end of the chapter for
At the end of the day, Castiel and Dean bade Alfie goodnight, and both slumped in chairs in the Reading Room, exhausted and covered in ash and soot.
"Moms and dads and other guests, would you please take your seats? We're ready to begin."
"Questions, questions!” Crowley snapped, scowling, before he settled his face back into a conciliatory grimace. “My magic isn't strong enough to let me become human for long enough to locate the trinket. It needs to be powered by a soul contract—and even then, the spell will only make you human for three days. Even souls have limits, Castiel." He left the bottles, swimming around behind Castiel to put an arm around his shoulders, sweeping his other arm out in a wide gesture. “Just picture it. You, with legs, walking around up there among the humans, exploring their world… Three days should be plenty of time to find the trinket and take a look around, maybe even spend a bit of time with your certain human friend, no?” He nudged Castiel in the side with his elbow, then swam back to his bottles.
—unfortunately, he’d never been inclined to learn much of the old arts, as Sammy had, though many evenings of listening to his brother babble about some advancement or another had given Dean the ability to recall vague lectures on the importance of “direction” and “intent,” So, he continued, letting his mind
Balthazar opened his eyes wide, then laughed. “Come now,
He says the word sarcastically, as if he can’t quite believe someone this goddamn horrible actually went to college for ten years just to bully his students around.
Wow. Castiel really was a virgin! Dean was old-fashioned: he didn’t think oral counted as losing your virginity. And based on his experiences in high school, he got the impression that most girls agreed with him. Maybe things were different for gay guys, but he doubted it. What was the point of butt sex if not getting your V card stamped?
“It’s fine, Cass. I don’t want your pity.”
Once Dean was satisfied that he hadn’t bled on his way in, he reached into his pocket for his keys, wincing when he stretched his chest. There’d been a clean hit there, midway down his ribs. He turned the lock, took a second to breathe and compose himself, and pushed into the apartment.
“Not two days in a row,” Dean said dismissively. “Besides, it’s your last night here for a while. There’s some red pepper pesto in the freezer. I’ll make a salad to go with it. It’ll take me ten minutes, tops.”
Dean held his gaze. “Well, I
When they got to the parking space, Dean took a couple minutes to inspect the paint job, the bumpers, the tires, doing it all with ardent concentration. Castiel glanced at him quizzically once he finally slid into the driver’s seat and donned a pair of aviator sunglasses.
He had a soft, ungainly,
“I don’t see why it’s such a big fucking deal,” Dean blurts out. “I call your cock ‘it.’ I don’t call it ‘you’—well, sometimes I do. Most of the time I don’t, though.”
“I don’t care about his damn writing,” Castiel spat. “That’s all he ever wants to talk about. We’re halfway through our week here and that’s all we’ve talked about.”
“He works with a few other architects, but apparently most of them are on their ‘summer holidays’ right now. I guess early September’s still summer, technically….”
Cook time: 30 minutes
He stepped around the bar and walked out of the kitchen before Dean could reply. Dean watched as he took a seat on the couch beside Sam, trying a chip from the bowl when Sam offered. Castiel nodded to some question, Sam glanced over his shoulder into the kitchen, and Dean found himself hiding behind the refrigerator door, staring at the rows of beer bottles as if they held the answers he was seeking.
“Sorry. No, really. I shouldn’t be laughing. It’s just—it’s so cute.”
“They might, they might not.” Sam chuckled. “The main thing is that Cass looks at you like you’re the reason the sun rises in the morning. Who cares what his family thinks?”
“Huh.” Dean yawned. “You think I should look into it?”
“We should go out in Canada one of these weekends,” Castiel said. He broke off a corner of the cheese and tasted it. “Would be nice to just hang out in a bar like the rest of the world.”
is only one depiction of witchcraft. There are all sorts of other interpretations of witches, some of them far more positive.”
“It’ll feel like a month. You’re not heading out of town again soon, are you?”
“Bet you—ah.” Dean winced. “Bet this isn’t how you thought you’d be probing me, huh?”
Jack sighed. He threw Castiel a look that seemed pretty damn knowing for a 14-year-old kid and half-stomped down his hallway, quietly enough that he could get away with it without Castiel admonishing him.
“I’m sorry if it seemed like I was attacking you when I dissed dating apps. That wasn’t my intent.” Castiel rested his chin in his palm. “In truth, I wasn’t talking about you at all. I was just reflecting my own experiences—with the superficiality in the gay community, specifically. How there’s so much emphasis on bodies and dicks instead of minds and hearts. You’re right; there’s such a culture of hooking up just to get more notches on your bedpost. I’ve always rejected that.”
🌽🍅🥦🌶🥔🍆🥕🥬🥒🍓🥑
He nudged Dean forward, and they shuffled across the hallway, stepping carefully around the broken glass. Castiel helped Dean onto the couch. He grabbed the throw blanket from the arm by Dean’s feet, unfolded it, and tucked it around Dean carefully. He picked up a cylindrical pillow from one of the armchairs and slid it under Dean’s neck. Dean already felt his eyelids drooping when Castiel kissed his forehead. The last thing he heard before he passed out was Castiel talking into his phone.
“Apparently there was some kind of misunderstanding over whom I’d delegated my duties to while I was away. Maybe I could’ve been clearer, I don’t know. Anyway, multiple people ended up butting heads over who got to decide certain details—passive-aggressively, of course. And no one bothered contacting me. In the end, none of them did the work. I was wondering why I didn’t see much on social media about this week’s protest.”
For a couple seconds, Dean walked with him. Then, he planted his feet, changing his mind. He cried out, flung his hand out at his glass. It flew into the hallway and shattered against the far wall. Crowley sprinted by in a blur.
Castiel climbed onto the futon, wriggling back into the gap beside Dean’s body. Dean pulled the duvet over them.
“I know. But it’s not about the name. It’s about….”
“No army. Got a friend staying over next week.”
“Forgive me, sire.” Dean began to weep again. “I know I haven’t earned it, but please forgive me. This is all my fault.”
Dean grinned and twirled his keyring in his hand. Castiel was more put together than in most of his social media pictures, though not as much as he had been last Sunday—dark jeans, white T-shirt, a washed-out cyan hoodie. Luckily, his bedhead was intact, and the sunlight of the golden hour glowed in each individual strand.
Castiel grabbed the trench coat from where it hung over his bedroom door. He helped Dean into it, smoothing down the fabric a few seconds longer than he needed to. The feeling of Dean’s hard, strong body, so paradoxical in contrast with his squishy skin, was alluring. Dean swallowed, and the sight of his bobbing Adam’s apple broke Castiel out of his trance.
“My little genius. You have a retort for everything, don’t you?”
¼ teaspoon salt
“I wouldn’t say that.” Castiel tilted his head. “What’s the matter? Are you mad that I researched it without asking you?”
“Ah. It was…difficult. Not financially, of course. But emotionally. Never knowing whether I was doing the right thing by staying in school. Feeling guilt and shame all the time. Everyone at Bowdoin knew, obviously. Gossip and rumor spread through small liberal arts colleges faster than mono.”
“Fishing minigame?” Dean scoffed. “How about I bring my tackle over and show you how it works in real life?”
, he thought.
He'd just finished the cleaning when he heard Castiel’s footsteps on the stairs again. Dean emerged from the kitchen, drying his hands with a dishtowel, and they nearly collided at the corner.
“It’ll fit,” Dean said gruffly.
“I drove through Shenandoah National Park in my twenties,” Kelly said. “What’s it called, Skyview Drive?”
Crowley sauntered out of the kitchen, flicking his tail back and forth. A few more scrapes of his bowl and Dean was following him, making sure to leave the granola container front and center on the island so Castiel would see it.
Hannah broke off a piece of her samosa. “Something? A UFO?”
“What?”
“A good teacher, too. Did you see how many signs Sam knows already?”
“I had some inspiration for a new project.”
He ate the last bite of his sandwich and wiped his hands, enjoying the comfort of the truck cab for a little while longer before opening the door and jumping out onto the gravel. It was the first day of strawberry picking, and he had to get back out there.
2 sprigs fresh thyme
“No, the fact that nothing’s allowed to change. It’s like living in one of those museums in Europe dedicated to ancient Greece or Rome or Babylon. A reminder of something that’s gone forever.”
“No. No, it doesn’t bother me. Not exactly.” Dean slunk away, around the front of the Impala; he unlocked his door but didn’t open it. “I guess it just…confuses me. That’s probably the word for it.”
“Oh, yeah. You said you’d tell me what that means.”
.” Dean wet his lips. “I’m just saying you’re welcome to come over. For the berries.”
“What?” Dean sputtered. “I’m in the middle of telling you how much I
“You got that right,” Dean said sullenly.
“I don’t know. Because of you, I felt emotions for the first time.” Castiel paused. “Does that sound like love to you?”
“Oh. They’re figurines I picked up while traveling.” Castiel waggled a wooden giraffe at the camera. “Animals, mostly, though I have some little people as well.”
“Of course.” Castiel winked. “How do you think I homed in on you?”
“I thought it didn’t bother you,” Castiel said.
¾ teaspoon dried oregano
“He better.” Dean crossed his arms. “He’s always complaining that he doesn’t get to help out around here. Well, now he can.”
“Dragons are all the same. They’re monstrous and wicked. Violence is all they understand. Not words. Not—”
He scurried around the house, checking that every door and window was secured. He considered barricading the front door with the Hoosier cabinet—an antique that his mother had insisted on because, according to her, the kitchen didn’t have enough storage space—but decided to watch and wait. The creature hadn’t chased him, so it probably didn’t even know where he lived. Hopefully.
1 pound frozen French-cut green beans**
Dean chuckled. “Tell me how you really feel, Cass.”
Dean eased back into the futon and tipped his wine past his lips. He stared up at the balloons, floating with them on a cloud of anticipation.
“What time is it?” Castiel said, after they’d lain quietly, arms and legs intertwined, for several minutes.
“I’m pretty sure I’m the lucky one.” Dean opened Mildred’s door for her. “Um…thanks. For the talk.”
“Oh yeah? Business or personal?”
“He’s doing great, yeah. And his dad’s able to take care of him in the afternoons, so.” Lisa shrugged and smiled in the way she always did when she’d said everything she had to say on a topic.
“That one was a shock,” Dean admitted. “But you don’t have to apologize for not telling me about him sooner. It’s up to you to decide when you tell people you’re a father.”
“Okay.” Castiel squeezed Jack’s narrow shoulders from behind, guiding him out of Dean’s old bedroom. “Do you want to open gifts or have dinner first?”
“No, it’s more than that.” Dean stifles a burp. “You a cop or something? You debating whether you need to bring me in?”
“Gay?”
Dean had started rubbing the wet rag over his face, through his hair, around his neck. He shrugged his bare shoulders, the corded muscles there slowly rippling in a way that Castiel couldn’t stop himself from openly admiring.
“No big deal, Winchester.” Meg reached for a streamer, adjusting her footing on the stepladder once she had it in hand. “We don’t make too bad a team.”
Castiel waved dismissively. “Every sacred cow gets put out to pasture one day.”
“Got it in one.” Dean nudged him forward. “Can you pick a few of those for me? I kind of have my hands full.”
“They’re actually lettin’ you near the Seal?” Bobby asks, incredulous.
Castiel tilts his head for a moment, then says, “I wanted to be someone who helped people. You?”
“Cas?” a muffled voice comes from the daybed.
Castiel bowed and turned to where long tables were laden with food, and, predictably, Gabriel stood next to a basket of seaweed cakes, chatting up another of the young merfolk. Castiel rolled his eyes and went to find something to eat at the other end of the table.
The boys continued to drink when the rest of the crew came over, and Andrea excused herself for the night. Benny and Dean settled in to watch Garth, Cesar, and Jesse play a round of Spades.
“I’m sure I’ve said this before, but I think it’s wonderful you’re so close to your brother,” Castiel says earnestly, and Dean smiles warmly at him. In an alternate reality, he wonders how Cas would’ve reacted if the situation from this past summer had been reversed—if Cas had been Dean’s friends-with-benefits hookup instead of Benny. It’s a totally impractical daydream, mostly because Dean wants a lot more than a casual relationship with the man sitting beside him. Still, something tells Dean that Cas would’ve respected his boundaries, would’ve understood that him and Sam need their family time together.
It all happened long enough ago that no one is quite sure how either a warlock or demon first traveled to the other realm and worked out they could both benefit from sharing their magic, but nowadays, warlocks are trained to summon and cast with demons to create enchanted objects for use on Earth. Being a qualified warlock with the ability to summon and cast with a demon gives him a guaranteed job out of college.
How's it going, friends? Did you enjoy the smut? Have a good weekend? Come chat with us below!
Meg stands a little way up the hill, staring straight at them. She opens her mouth and lets out that god-awful noise again, until Cas takes a few steps towards her and shouts at her to get the hell out of there, and she runs off, heading uphill and behind the house.
“She’s different now, Dean. We had a long talk and…I trust her.”
Castiel shared an alarmed glance with Dean, who then said, “Did she do it?”
The boss clenches his fist again and the professor once again screams, convulsing. As he makes no move to stop, the demon begins to edge towards the door again, but the screams die out to a gurgling cough and the professor slumps to the table, blood trickling out his nose and mouth.
“Yes,” Castiel says somewhat wistfully, and walks into the bushes.
Dean only realizes he's been staring when Castiel regards him with his barely there smile as he passes, saying his usual “Hello, Dean.” Dean snaps out of it long enough to follow him into the classroom, his bag clutched in his arms.
Castiel nods, fanning his sweaty shirt against his skin again, even though it does little to cool him. “Certainly feels that way.”
The woods around here are silent, dark, a heavy chill lying around the base of tall pine trees.
“What does it look like?” Dean grinned, grateful for Castiel’s steadying hands immediately coming through the window to help him.
Dean 7:09 PM >>
“Allow me to torture you some more, my lord,” Dean said, dropping his own trousers to the floor and stepping closer to Cas to help him remove his.
The door of Missouri’s office stands open as always. Castiel approaches it warily, but as he steps into the doorway and knocks awkwardly on the frame, he sees that there’s more than just Missouri present, standing behind her desk. Adler is standing next to her, a smug grin appearing on his face as he turns to see Castiel at the door. And on his other side, looking regal in a rich, purple dress, is Professor MacLeod.
“Shit,” Castiel mutters, and Dean feels a growing hardness brush his thigh. Cas takes a step back, breathing laboriously, eyes pinched closed. It’s obvious that Cas wants to finish what they started hours ago, but with an apartment full of company, that’s not exactly an option. “That was a dirty play, Dean Winchester.”
“What do you think Sam and I have been trying to do for weeks now? The asshole uses the Croats like meatshields.”
Castiel sighs as he checks his messages again, the list of unanswered texts and calls stretching back through the last few days.
“Fae light?” Winchester interrupted, leaning forward with interest.
“I have to agree, from what I’ve seen tonight,” Dean said, a wry smile finding its way to his face.
Dean lifted the glass to his lips, tipping the rum down his throat. He swallowed against the burn.
A girl in a group behind them looks over, obviously having listened into their conversation already. “Actually I heard that he plays for both teams, if you know what I mean,” she says with a grin. “Nice work, bringing your baby in to score.”
He watches the snowflakes spin gently around, and sighs. This whole afternoon has been inappropriate on so many levels. Not only did he insult a student—a grave offense from any teacher, in his opinion—but he drove him away with a cold shoulder. But Dean had made him so uncomfortable with his questioning, hitting all of his buttons one after another. He had no choice but to try to put distance between them.
Dean huffed with annoyance; as if he didn’t know that. They had no idea, still, how these victims were being controlled or how the possession was spreading. Touching him was the
(See the end of the chapter for
, Sam. What happened to her?”
Castiel returned his smile, something warm expanding in his chest at the brightness in Dean’s eyes. He really did have beautiful eyes, even in the fading daylight. He wanted more than anything to be able to touch Dean, even just hold his hand. Even the idea of it sent a shiver up his spine, the delicious anticipation of even the slightest touch had been driving him mad for weeks.
“I’ve always been able to do it. I…” his eyes flick to Crowley for a moment before he continues, “I set fire to things. But I’m getting better at keeping it small.”
Anna is checking her watch though, and it occurs to Dean that they might be on some sort of timeline. “He’s right, we should go. Castiel taught us the correct spell, so the coven and I can take the lead.”
They had both said, in the cozy, whispered discussions of late nights that turned into early mornings, that being able to take their time like this, be so intimate with each other, was something far beyond what either of them had hoped for in their lives. They took full advantage of their luck now, though. To share love, and not just in the form of hasty fumbles, was still a heady, delightful experience for them both. Dean wondered if that would ever change, and had a suspicion that it might not.
“I’ll be grading most of the day in the library. Meet me there?”
The Grove have offered him a job even after all of this, but the idea of casting for them, of pulling any kind of Demonic magic, or even having to summon someone new feels so wrong…but he guesses he’ll be able to help Charlie with whatever undermining work she’s planning to do from the inside, since she also still has a job despite losing Ed.
“Good girl,” he murmured, reaching out to stroke at her neck. With a click of his tongue she set off down the hill, quickly picking up pace.
Dean lurches into consciousness, his heart beating rapidly as the tendrils of the dream release him slowly.
The first thing Dean notices is that the interior looks like…well, something out of a hotel lobby. The walls are cream colored, the carpet a generic sort of gray, and there are doors up and down the hallway. Some are locked—Dean doesn’t even have to wiggle the knob to know there’s strong protective magic keeping them shut—but some of them are cracked open. Dean peeks inside all the doors left ajar, spying mostly shelves of books…ancient-looking texts and tomes.
“I’m sorry,” Dean said, a pang of dark, churning guilt beginning to build in his gut as he saw the bruises already beginning to flare red across Castiel’s throat. There was a clear welt where the demon had tried to choke Castiel, tried to hold him against the wall by his neck to prevent the final words of the prayer being spoken. “God, Cas, I’m so sorry,” Dean wept.
Dean lets out a little whine, but steps back. “I love you,” he says, his eyes full of a sweet hope that momentarily eclipses his nerves.
Castiel smiled to himself in vindication—he'd told Naomi over and over that the Atlantican merfolk should fish these warm waters. The fish were schooling here every time he came, and the extra light from the bright star would make net coordination easy.
Castiel sighed, frustrated. “Just take this,” he said, passing Balthazar two of the small vials of holy oil he had stashed in a belt pouch. “Drop it on the floor, light it on fire. Can you do that?” He looked hard into Balthazar’s eyes as the taller man gulped.
Castiel nods, as if he understands completely. “I’ll conjure up a map, then. Does the library have any casting bowls? It’ll need to be fireproof.”
A short distance out, he tried again to call the magic of the ocean, calming his mind and concentrating on the way his body had felt when he was a human before.
Castiel reached his hand up to his face, pinching the bridge of his nose and letting out a long sigh. “You can’t save everybody, my friend,” he said, quiet and low, after a moment.
Dean pours one out for Bobby on a dark and stormy night. Part 1 of 2.
“Hunches, huh?” While there are plenty of people claiming to be psychic, Castiel has heard of only a handful of people throughout history that have ever been confirmed as true seers—Nostradamus, Da Vinci, Matt Groening to name a few. Still, she hadn’t been wrong about his and Dean’s affinity.
, how long will it take for the administration to put two and two together?
"My thanks for the ride, m'lord," Meg said, grinning lopsidedly as she got to her feet, pulling her skirts back into some kind of order.
"No, that's not true," Azazel begins, but another lightning flash reveals red-eyed Croats advancing on him from every side.
Eventually, Dean’s fingers drifted nervously back to Castiel’s front, passing over the fabric like a private prayer no one else had ever known. Release buckle, gun, blade, strap...methodic and careful. Castiel didn’t stop him, his eyes watching Dean’s hands move. When he was finally done, Castiel wrapped his hands around Dean’s, squeezing them tightly.
Dean opened it in the living room this time, since it was easier than trying to fit the box through his bedroom door. We had to work together to pull the thing out of there, but…
Cas didn’t wait for them to catch up, turning to run to the beach track. Dean cursed under his breath, following him.
“Just thinking. The last time we were sitting on this couch, talking about Cass, I was trying to convince you that a little flirting didn’t mean anything. And now look at you guys.”
On the way back to Castiel’s house, they picked up the cake that Dean had ordered from Castiel’s favorite bakery. It was an orange-bergamot cake with coconut icing, decorated with candied flower petals.
“Let me give you what you want, Dean.” Castiel’s breath graced over Dean’s ear. “Let me give you what you need.”
“Cass.” Dean shook his head. “You don’t—I’m not—”
Dean shut off the water and locked the door. A long silence followed.
Dean peered at the bowl in Castiel’s hands skeptically. “You cooked?”
Castiel’s voice supplemented the lyrics again, and Dean’s breath paused in his chest to hear.
“For as long as we can make it work.” Dean grazed his nose over Castiel’s. “And I’m a pretty hard worker.”
“Oh, hey.”
“I’m fine,” Castiel insisted. Miracle was licking at some dried blood on his fingers.
The drive to Washington was pleasant, with not as much traffic as there could have been and good music on the radio. Dean found Sam’s street without any trouble and parked in the space right in front of his building, a red brick rowhouse with a lilac bush and a Japanese maple standing guard on either side of the stairs. Sam opened the house’s front door for him before he knocked.
“I don’t believe in censorship. We can just put a mild content rating on the video.”
“Yeah,” Dean managed.
“Meg calls in sometimes.”
They lie still for a few tense seconds. Castiel chooses to say nothing. He moves his hips, matching his rhythm from before, and they go on like that for a couple minutes. Dean bends his knee forward but doesn’t bother raising it again.
Castiel grinned wickedly. He threw Dean a sidelong glance that was at least as intimidating as any head-on stare.
