"Thank you. It doesn’t matter I know the nature of your gift now, it’s really the best, most fantastic gift in the whole universe.“ He sniffed, started crying again.
"Just because you are so kissable and adorable doesn’t mean I’ll agree with everything you say or do, ya know,“ he muttered.
"I miss you too, Dean.“ There it was again, just the one sentence, but so sincere and honest. He was doomed. Couldn’t he gotten himself a normal best friend? Not this awesome and dazzling angel who confused him all the time? No, scratch that, he wouldn’t change Cas for the world.
"You cannot just say sorry and that’s it. That's too little, too late. For now, at least. You treated me like shit. Both of you. I was good enough for the money. And that’s it. Have you ever considered that I worry about you? I’m hundreds of miles away, yeah? I didn’t hear a thing from you or dad. Dad only contacted me to make me more miserable. I had to hear from the nurses what was going on the last time you collapsed.
"No shit, Sherlock. Yes, Cas, I’m hella angry.“
The song was called "Impossible" by Nothing But Thieves. He started listening. Meanwhile, Angel had sent him another message.
"Have A Little Faith In Me" by John Hiatt (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7aYxMuLb3h8)
Your explanations about our personal meeting in the future have therefore delighted me. Especially your explanations why our messages mean so much to you. You hit my views to the point with that.
They clinked glasses. The whiskey tasted good. For a while, they simply talked and exchanged anecdotes.
"I don’t really know,“ Cas returned, but he carried a tiny smile on his lips. On his knees, Cas crawled to the dark closet and tampered with the lock with a pocket knife. He could’ve easily broke the lock with his angel powers, but he didn’t. This way it was possible to close the lock again later, to preserve the secrets. Dean was touched by this sight.
"What do you mean "why"? I dunno if you’ve noticed, but I’m insanely aroused. And I feel like I’m going to explode if we continue like this. And that’s not how I want this to happen.“ Terrific. Apparently, he had lost his verbal filter again.
And damn, with the song still playing, with the voice still soothing him and making him so incredibly emotional, he felt so much warmth in his innermost being that he wanted to shout it all out.
Dean thought about the prejudices and homophobia Angel had suffered from, even recently with the person who didn’t accept his boundaries, and then the thought about Cas who had also told him about homophobic employers and the woman who had started stalking him. The woman he had escaped the day they had met in the youth center. He thought about Angel who had written him a literal poem and had a specific way of writing, then he thought about Cas who was a frigging writer and also wrote his favorite book. About Cas/Emmanuel who had described their connection so perfectly.
Cas was also the man who had written this extraordinary book. With whose words Dean had practically fallen in love with.
Immediately, Castiel’s body felt warm. He was excited, more excited than he had felt in forever. In fact, every inch of his body prickled.
"Of course. You’re a good kid, Dean. Your brother knows that deep down. And the appointment still stands, that is all that matters, in the end.“
Dean prepares for the movie night and receives another gift. Then Cas returns, and the two of them go on a night walk together. Dean opens up a bit and shows (physical) affection towards Cas.
Sweaty bodies now came into contact from all sides, it was narrow and hot - and yet Castiel felt liberated. Free.
"C’mon, angel.“
Here comes chapter 5! :) This chapter is a bit angsty but also hopeful. :)
Castiel didn’t know what Dean meant anymore. What he was saying no longer made sense to him. It had sounded like he was mad at him - Castiel - and also angry at himself and mad at a third party Castiel couldn’t identify.
I had put too much water in, could barely lift the kettle. But I was so stubborn to succeed.“
On one of his first hunts, he had also been reckless, not wearing sturdy shoes and straying too far from the trails to boot. He had promptly slipped on a hilly spot, fallen down and slid down several meters until he had crashed into a tree at full speed. He had been lucky to have cushioned himself in time.
How he had rebelled and fallen from Heaven for Dean, as he had told him. The fact that he had given up being Heaven’s soldier, that he had developed a free will and feelings simply because Dean existed. It didn’t enter his head, and he felt so much gratitude and so much pain because they had done so much shit to each other.
"Oh, sorry, I thought because of Sleeping Beauty. That you must have said that to someone before you kissed...“ Again her face got red spots, and Dean laughed.
Since they’d arrived at the bunker again, he had barely slept. His maximum must’ve been four hours, but the fatigue showed by now. He was on edge, more snarky and angry than usual, and Dean wondered if Sam went off “running errands“ so often because he couldn’t stand his grumpiness.
The guy looked at his fingernails for a second, quickly moving his hands afterwards, although it happened in a mocking way as if he was making fun of the persons who did that.
Yet, he himself was supposed to take on that role. On the other hand, Castiel didn’t think much of using malice and intimidation to encourage his students to be more disciplined and eager to learn. He would continue to follow this path because so far, the feedback from his students proved him right.
When the reading started, things immediately got more restless around him. The owners of the bookstore announced Emmanuel Milton, and a few seconds later he entered the room.
"Are you kidding me? What the hell does it look like? Be with you, obviously.“ Dean set the book down on the table and fiddled with the collar of his shirt.
Furthermore, Cas had somehow managed to leave his surprise in the bunker: a mini fridge. This gift, the thought of Cas who had chosen it for him, made him feel nauseous. And so he was in Cas‘ room, the room he had furnished and decorated to make Cas more comfortable.
"That’s great,“ said Castiel, and didn’t know how so much good fortune could have come his way all of a sudden. It was as if he had started a ball rolling himself, or at least that’s how he felt.
"I will be careful, of course. But the circumstances of our getting to know each other didn’t just come from the Geekatism messages, after all. Do you understand? I would never have written to him if I hadn’t been amazed by his intellect in the library before.“ It was true.
At that moment, out here in nature, in this remote parking lot, standing so close to Dean as if they were one, Castiel was convinced, he knew with his entire being that he had never felt more bliss in his life.
Dean continued to roam the streets, passing block after block, noticing how the bubble that had settled over his body and especially his head was slowly lifting. His mind fell almost silent.
Something still bothered him about the way Angel had written. Quite distant, despite his remarkably warm and open words at the beginning of the message.
Her long black hair fell like a silk curtain over her shoulders. For a moment he saw a glimmer behind her, and wings appeared, barely noticeable, yet stunning and magnificent. They were black, but every few seconds they carried little sprinkles with all colors imaginable. He knew he’d never seen anything more ravishing in his life, and he couldn’t grasp how he out of all people deserved to witness this miracle.
When Castiel had written an email to the dean, it had been out of pure reflex. Simply because he had felt so detached after the chat with RambleOnIm67 the night before Rambler had visited his brother.
Thank you for reading and your encouragement! Please let me know what you think. :)
And so he pulled himself out of his thoughts again, because at this moment he really didn’t want to lose himself in these fictional stories. He didn’t want to get lost at all, in the sense of feeling lost or sinking so much into helplessness and shame and sadness.
And then Dean’s overly functional brain rattled and made some long-awaited connections.
This was another encounter that happened completely out of nowhere, albeit over the phone.
The more details Castiel discovered, the more he was touched by what he saw before him. First, he learned a brief backstory. The angel who was performing mindless tasks in heaven and who exchanged ideas with the other angels but did not really feel understood.
"Start the movie.“ So Dean did. He felt Cas’s hands on his neck, and Dean noticed Cas was sitting right behind him. Well, that certainly was one possibility to take advantage of the sofa’s depth. Cas‘ thumbs rubbed and kneaded his muscles with the perfect combo of pressure and gentleness. Cas pressed and pressed, and then he used his other fingers as well. He’ll be damned, but this felt fucking amazing.
"Yeah, you could say that. Well, I liked how solemn everyone was. Ya know. This isn’t a real church anymore. It’s just for events and those gallery exhibitions. But everyone was so caught up in the atmosphere, didn’t think about reality anymore. At least, that was true for me. I- I missed my mom a lot on that day. Actually, the entire December, and I figured it must’ve been the Christmastime. Well.
I’m just kidding, obviously. Also: You don’t need to be an adventurer, you’re damn interesting, anyway. That attracts me so, so much more than the fantasies, to be honest. Still, we could go on our own adventures together in the future, whaddaya say?
As in the supermarket, they rigorously ignored any kind of personal space.
"I learned Elvish for the movie night later,“ Cas suddenly remarked. Dean grinned, shook his head and put an arm around Cas‘ shoulders.
Dean huffed. "Am angry at myself, okay? Not you. I hate this. Dammit, you’re the jackpot, man. Fucking hate myself for not telling you sooner. Not telling you at all, actually.“
"I’m not sure whether I can tell you.“
The artists were outstanding. Everything was so intimate, and you could hear every emotion and fraction in the voices, the little sounds you wouldn’t hear from the instruments under normal circumstances. Yeah, I’m not religious, all right, but then this guy came up on stage at some point. And he sang "Amazing Grace“ a cappella. And lemme tell you. It was unreal. The things he could do with his voice, every word dripping with emotion. And I thought about mom. Needless to say I cried like a baby. But it was good. This was like a moment I had alone with her. To really mourn her without getting a nasty reply or reaction from my dad. God. I will never forget that moment.“
Nevertheless, he was afraid that right now was not the best time, considering the inner and outer battles he was fighting. Although Ruby was soon not allowed to approach him and he avoided her completely, Castiel still felt insecure.
The past had shown that peace did not last in his family. That it was just the calm before the storm. And yes, he would have more contact with Sam again, of that he was sure. But the much more important question was whether his dad would ever let him have his peace.
He liked bars, he really did, they were actually his preferred place to flirt, but he liked cozy, slightly aging bars, not the hip and slick venues that were currently in fashion. Maybe he was getting old, but he was also happy with the way things were at the moment.
At home, he was overcome by a real urge to write. He wrote for hours without stopping and managed to complete a rough draft for the first third of his novel. He had to work full steam ahead for the next few months, which would be challenging on top of his job. But he was highly motivated and knew he would deliver a great result. He was back.
Apart from that he liked the "new Cas“ way better. The person who always tilted his head in confusion, when Dean seemingly said something strange or incomprehensible to the angel. The guy who watched him so intensely that Dean’s heartbeat quickened.
"No, I meant you regretted that I was a man. Since you are rather cautious in the respect. I thought you were angry to be seen with me.“
Castiel nodded and smiled at Dean’s usage of Cicero’s quote which fitted their correspondence so well.
"Where to, Cas?“ Dean asked.
Songs mentioned/referenced:
Dean’s ears were rushing, and he felt dizzy. When was the last time he had eaten or drank anything that wasn’t alcohol? It had to have been lunchtime.
Finally, they came to a stop in front of another counter behind which the kitchen was visible. It took Castiel only a few seconds to take in his surroundings. Charlie, meanwhile, had let go of his hand, and disappeared behind the counter.
I hadn’t noticed it at first, but one of my friends made me aware of that fact. With a disgusted look on his face, but still. I looked at the guy, and he was practically undressing me with his eyes. Um. And yeah, he was sexy. Needless to say, I was so nervous. You wouldn’t believe it. I mean, I was in my mid-twenties, and felt like a 16-year-old. Embarrassing.
"You sure about that? I wasn’t even active there. How would one even find me?“
Cas followed him to the motel room as a matter of course, mumbling something about "watching over him“ again. Yeah, there wasn’t much watching that night, more like licking and giggling and touching. On these days Cas gifted him beer and an old Zepp tape he must’ve bought at a flea market.
They talked until after midnight. At one point it was so cold that Dean set up several space heaters, so they wouldn’t freeze. As soon as Bobby said goodbye, Dean turned on the fireplace. He really wanted to enjoy the coziness of his living room once again, try to get some rest, even though his mind had other plans at the moment.
His lips were particularly soft and tasted wonderful, and Castiel felt a tingle which suddenly flooded all of his body. Dean pressed himself harder to him, moaning now. His hands gripped his trench coat, clinging onto him like to a rope hanging over an abyss.
The other now pressed up against him from behind and rested his hands on his waist. With his butt Castiel only nestled closer to his body. So close that no leaf would have fit between them. On the back of his neck Castiel felt his breath, warm as a foehn wind. Gentle and soothing.
Rationally speaking Castiel knew that Nora was a nice woman and Dean was an incorrigible idiot, but he also knew that his heart beat faster only in his presence. That only here, right now, did he want for Dean to pull him closer and-.
"You want a fitting outfit for that?“ the man asked with a smirk, nodding toward the racks of clothes. “The vintage style seems to intrigue you.“
The woman knew beforehand her husband was going to sneeze, because she had already reached for the tissue. On the other hand, the man noticed she was freezing, wordlessly getting a blanket from the trunk. This sight was the cutest thing he’d seen in all the time they’d sat in traffic. He glanced at Cas who pursed his lips and looked - appalled? Why would he hate this sight?
They pushed apart, back toward each other, pressing their bodies so close that Dean could feel and hear the other’s heartbeat. And Cas put his arms around his waist, stroking his back so gently, yet firmly.
Dean’s hand resting on Castiel’s back intensified the desire for closeness. His other hand caressed Castiel’s cheek. Castiel was only subliminally aware of all this because he was looking at Dean questioningly.
"I never said I was,“ Cas admitted. "I might not be able to grasp human emotions – your emotions – that easily, but I see you are afraid. You don’t have to be. I am not judging you for showing weakness. It makes you more courageous in my eyes.“
Number 17 would become more challenging for him because he really, really didn’t know what Angel was trying to do with it.
Afterwards, they buried the two detective coins in the park. To store their relationship and also to bury the bad parts of the past - that's how Dean felt about it.
They finally came to a stop in front of a black Chevrolet. It was a beautiful car that Dean obviously cared for regularly and with much love, as much as the paint shone. No dirt was visible on the car, and there were no other signs of scratches, rust or the like. Castiel felt confirmed once again in his impression that Dean really had a special connection to cars, even independent of his job as a mechanic.
"Dean, would you listen? I said a guy liked your profile!“
"Sure. I know what I want.“
What I was trying to say is that sometimes you have a completely new experience with a book, depending on what point or stage of your life you receive it. Ya know what I mean? I’ve noticed that especially with the works I’ve read before and after I’ve, well, admitted (really admitted) to myself that I like guys, too. So much for my thoughts at night.
"The truth, yes. Well, there are always two sides of the truth, right? Hence- here.“
"Sure. Do what you gotta do, you’re the mechanic, lover boy.“
She laughed and waved it off. “I’m Anna. Nice to meet you.“
The sight of him made Dean snort. How could Garth look like he had slept 10 hours every damn day and had already worked out for three hours in the morning? His whole face was glowing, he looked vital and simply healthy. He was bursting with energy, which could only be good for them today.
"Oh,“ Castiel said, but even that one word was completely lost in his sobs.
Here comes chapter 11! :)
Dean wanted to look at him because it made him feel good, and it brought out these unfamiliar but incredibly warm feelings in him. Not that he hadn’t stared at Cas all the time in the past, but since Purgatory everything was different anyway.
"God, you’re hot,“ was all Dean could manage to get out before he claimed Cas‘ mouth again. Then he released the kiss, stroking reverently through Cas‘ hair. Grinning, Dean reached forward, guiding his hands down Cas‘ upper body.
Life just couldn’t give him a break.
"You and her? That’s just so- I dunno. Obviously, she needs to change her damn perspective. Maybe she doesn’t wanna think about that phase in her life. Bad memories and all. Maybe she needs to meet the new Cas. I mean, you haven’t talked in years. You’ve both moved on with your lives. I figured you maybe- how am I gonna say it without sounding like an asshole?“
The gardening shop was busy, and Castiel pushed his way through people, slightly annoyed. He loved plants, usually felt more connected with nature than with (most of) humanity. If he had his way, he could spend days in the forest studying vegetation.
The bottom line was that they were enjoying their coffee in the lobby until Dean suggested they leave. He offered to stop by Castiel’s house, so he could drop off his bags, which Castiel thought was very considerate of him.
"I had an interesting fantasy during my meditation. You could perhaps call it a dream, although I don’t sleep. And I found myself thinking about kissing today.“
"Bad memories,“ Dean replied, panting. He needed to distract himself, couldn’t think about that horrendous day anymore. Cas got up and came back a few seconds later with a glass of water. Interesting, apparently this handsome guy was also skilled in mind reading.
Why was he so flustered in this guy’s presence? Normally, he was known to act confidently around people, that was one of his best skills, and now he was such a mess. Breathe in, breathe out, he told himself, then smirked at the guy who meanwhile had tilted his head in confusion. "You don’t need to give me money, this was merely an accident.“ The last words had come out in a hiss, and Dean no longer understood the world.
Although Dean wasn’t a morning person, he enjoyed the bunker’s quietness in the early hours. Sometimes, he stood up in the middle of the night, wandered aimlessly through the corridors and looked at the many shelves, boxes, books and items. All this history, knowledge and mystery, which they preserved here, never ceased to amaze and intrigue him.
"So, I’ll make you a proposition,“ the man said now. The fact that his eyes were twinkling so mischievously didn’t help his concentration. At what point had Castiel gone from the I-find-this-guy-annoying-phase to the make-mooneyes-at-him-mode? He was beyond help.
Dean furrowed his forehead and instead recalled the good things he associated with the CD. A smile stole onto his face. Yes, this was perfect. He threw himself back on the sofa and zipped through the songs, stubbornly skipping tracks like "(Everything I Do) I Do It For You".
Everything was easier after that, somehow. They were so easygoing with each other, so natural and having fun, and Dean wished they could spend more than this single afternoon this way.
He had focused his dissertation primarily on the conflict between his duty and his forbidden love for Dido, drawing on various theories. His thesis had been provocative, but had received great approval in academic circles, which is why he had finally been offered a position as Professor of the Classics. It was his absolute dream job, even if he could not make anyone understand that. In his spare time, he learned other, much older languages, some unknown, some long extinct - a hobby he shared with no one.
"Dude." Dean shook his head in disbelief, smirking to himself. "I’m not gonna fuck you right here, against the damn table, two minutes after you’ve arrived. This is not how I’m gonna do this making-our-relationship-official-thing with you. After one decade.“ Word by word his voice had gotten raspier.
"That’s a bookshelf, sir,“ Castiel replied cautiously.
Apparently they had already systematically walked the roof, analyzing how much work was ahead of them. Dean was glad that Bobby was there, since he had learned roofing professionally, at least in his first apprenticeship.
Sighing once more, he opened the Geekatism app. Quickly, he typed a message.
"I am serious, Dean. You promised me more human experiences, and I always wanted to learn how to dance stimulatingly.“ Had Cas actually said "stimulatingly“? Dean’s face reddened at the thought.
"What is going on with you, Dory?“ a man asked gruffly, and suddenly Castiel’s heartbeat sped up a bit. He turned sidewards, lifted his gaze and immediately met the emerald eyes that pulled the ground from under his feet again.
"I bet they were having fun. Or wanted to.“ Dean almost couldn’t stop himself from laughing anymore, and somehow the situation was so absurd, here in this traffic jam in an originally somewhat tense atmosphere, that Cas was infected by his laughter.
"Why’d you ask me that stuff?“
They had channel-surfed and found a rerun of Finding Nemo. Somehow, after the shitty fight, the story and the characters made them laugh so hard that they had bonded over the movie – and after a few shots had developed the fantastic idea to call each other Dory and Marlin for fun. They hadn’t stopped doing that ever since.
"I’ll gladly take that risk.“ The man continued smiling, and Castiel didn’t know how to deal with the way his eyes twinkled with amusement and adventure. He liked that expression. He wasn’t allowed to have that. And he certainly wasn’t allowed to notice any of it.
"If I had known hunters were that handsome I would have thought about other career plans,“ she said with compressed lips, and Dean laughed. Then she resumed speaking. "My parents are great, but right now we’re always arguing. They don’t have a clue, and it pisses me off so much.“
He then learned that Dean had apparently contacted Gabriel after his text message to find out what hotel he was staying at. Dean and Gabriel really seemed to have developed a special dynamic, perhaps building a friendship as well, otherwise Gabriel would never have shared such a detail. Gabriel liked Dean, that much was certain.
When he finished reading, Dean sniffled with a tiny smile on his face, quickly fading away like a fata morgana. His mind spurred for his thoughts were crashing him down on him like he was pressed under a car tire.
"We are,“ the father confirmed. Then he looked at his sons, each one individually, and said twice, with such earnestness, "I’m so proud of you.“
There were things Sam didn’t know, things he didn’t need to know. That he couldn’t be allowed to know.
If the coffee had been a real person, he would make love to them slowly and tenderly, until they both happily drifted off to sleep, cuddled in each other’s arms.
"Yeah, I know, pal. Awesome nights. That’s not my point. I meant- um. We watched some movies with that stuff recently, right? You know what it means.“
During their research, Dean could never take his eyes off Cas. And now he enjoyed this feeling, the excitement, the tingling that came with every eye contact. He no longer had to be ashamed of it, he could savor it completely.
This was from Cicero’s De re publica, of course. Quickly, Castiel checked the database for the editions, and after that searched for almost half an hour for the right edition. Again, there was a folded paper in the book, with insightful comments on the work, philosophical questions. Castiel was inclined to reflect on these matters, but he also wanted to find more notes. He couldn’t stop this strange mission anymore.
As soon as he pressed his lips to Cas’s, his mind shut off completely. As soon as they kissed, he was lost. His mind staying silent? This didn’t happen, never ever, but now, now, his entire being was a bubbling spring, only consisting of happiness. He’s kissing Cas.
At this moment, Dean thought it was all worthwhile. His struggles and the stress, at least because it meant his brother’s health state was much better. He would get his surgery soon, and Dean would maybe get a chance at an easier life. Hopefully. Dean smiled, and finished the observation he had subjected Sammy to.
"Dean,“ Castiel reprimanded him. "It might be true that you are complex, but that’s not automatically the same as complicated or difficult. And if you had a complicated day, I would never leave you. I- The complexity of your being is what draws me in. I have many issues myself, therefore I would never condemn you for being vulnerable or honest with me.“
Dean would prefer watching in his room, alone with Cas, but no, that was too presumptuous, and he couldn’t just tell Sam to not watch with them. That would be strange, and he wanted to spend more recreational time with his brother as well. What wasn’t ideal though, was the sitting situation.
Dean resumed speaking, still smirking. "But most importantly, the guy wanna make amends for a sin he’s made in the past, so he can climb the stairway to heaven. I mean, I’m not exactly religious, more like the 'I-gotta-see-it-with-my-own eyes-guy', but I like the thought here. Trying to do good things and helping people to achieve something better for themselves.“
(See the end of the chapter for
His cell phone vibrated. Had Charlie answered already? He thought she had another date today.
Song mentioned: "Rather Be" by Clean Bandit feat. Jess Glynne (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m-M1AtrxztU)
“It was our blanket, dumbass.”
Christmas Day announced itself like a strange visitor, long and joyfully awaited, who when arriving finally turned out to be an old friend. Dean was incredibly excited, so much so that he felt sick. On the other hand, he had the assurance that he had nothing to fear today. Of course, his own fear always got in the way, but he would do this - for Cas. Tell him that he loved him. They spent a wonderful day playing board games and listening to Christmas music.
With the lights of the club Dean’s entire face glowed, and his eyes looked even more beautiful. Little golden sprinkles carefully applied to these green emeralds. Castiel felt mesmerized.
They danced, tapping their feet on the floor to the beat of the music. And damn, Cas was good at it, and it was hot, yeah, kind of hot, how he was moving.
Dean laughed quietly. "Yeah.“ Dean let out a long sigh and rolled onto Cas, looking deep into his stunning eyes.
“Give me just one more kiss,” Cas spoke his own thoughts out loud. Dean smiled broadly and kissed him feverishly. “One single kiss.” Dean kissed him once more. Cas sighed appreciatively. “Just one kiss.” Dean couldn’t believe how adorable Cas was. And how much he was attracted not only by his appearance, but mostly by his character. He kissed Cas another time. Cas hummed against his lips and said, “One kiss” with that deep voice of his that gave him goosebumps.
Somewhere beside him, a drunken guy ran through the streets, yelling something over and over. No, he wasn’t yelling, Dean noticed. The man was singing, or more specifically, he was attempting to sing. The stupid Justin Bieber song. Oh dear Lord, he wasn’t spared anything today.
At the end, Castiel held the notes devoutly in his hand like little gems, pressed them to his chest and smiled.
“Mornin', Bobby,“ Dean muttered, yawning briefly as Bobby immediately pulled him into a tight hug. The other patted him hard on the back, making Dean yip. He shook his head, but briefly let himself sink into Bobby’s arms. “Missed ya, idjit.“
Enjoy! :)
"Fuck,“ Dean murmured, bending his head closer, ever closer to him. By now their torsos were pressed fully together, and Castiel could have sworn he sensed Dean’s heartbeat. Castiel moved closer to Dean as well, leaning his forehead against Dean’s.
After that, task number 6 was more to his liking again. He was supposed to go to a bar, sit down at the counter and order a beer. Then he had to interpose random pop culture references into the room within the next few minutes.
He had also had a short message from Gabriel that simply contained the cryptic statement, "
At that comment Dean laughed and blushed because nobody had ever made such a cute statement about his physical appearance. Sure, people had told him he looked handsome and sexy, praising his body parts. But never like this. And he felt so much at this moment, he embraced Cas tightly, hence he wouldn’t see the tears.
Castiel reflected on the day and night they had spent together. He thought about their fighting, Dean’s insinuations, the intimacy, the things articulated and left unspoken. He thought about his own desires and his former fear of losing Dean.
"I will not crumble before you,“ he said as if addressing his fear. While saying it, he realized he also talked to his fears and opponents in general. Another smooth move by Angel. Dean smiled, looked in air, his smile getting broader by the second.
Sam and Cas were already seated on the two armchairs, when Dean arrived for the movie night on the next evening, 7th of December. Dean didn’t comment on that although he had hoped for… different sitting arrangements. He sighed and let himself fall on the sofa.
Castiel admired Dean’s considerate nature, the way his brain worked because on hunts he always made quick and smart connections between the victims and regarding the clues. Right now, he seemed as if his mind was working continuously, trying to figure something out – or rather trying to find the right words, perhaps.
And now he felt flustered, insanely flustered, because what was going on here? He side glanced Cas who studied his profile. "Cas, you gonna elaborate any time soon?“ Cas took a deep breath, and Dean was mind-baffled by his mien, it was impossible to look away.
"We interrupted those two from the car in front of us, it looks like.“ He laughed for a second. The show was about to begin.
“Oh, he’s a sweetheart,” Hannah then said and hadn’t a hint of humor on her face.
And with that he ran to the door and jumped onto the seat.
"You shouldn’t call each other insults in this solemn atmosphere,“ Cas scolded them, having approached them by now.
“ so intimately, Castiel felt the other’s body even more acutely. They danced together for several songs, fast songs.
Dean ran to Castiel, put an arm on his shoulder, and Castiel had a déjà vu to the day, 4 years earlier, when Dean had looked at him with relief and adoration, and when the simple phrase "Don’t ever change“ had shaken up his entire being. Maybe, in retrospect, Dean hadn’t meant the phrase as a compliment at all. Perhaps it had been an instruction to remain as angelic as possible, hence Dean would be able to benefit from his powers further.
"Maybe it’s an emergency,“ Cas interjected, and fuck, immediately he thought of Sammy. Great, really great. He grumbled, cursing as he searched for his stupid cell phone. He picked up the call, still regretting it because he could be kissing Cas instead.
"Feel So Close“ by Calvin Harris (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dGghkjpNCQ8)
"Holy shit. Sorry about that. I- oh man, I didn’t mean to.“ Well, one thing was for certain - that right there hadn’t been it. Dear Lord, please, please, send my brain back, he begged inwardly. The guy didn’t say anything at all, just looked back and forth alternately between his former purchases and Dean, until finally his gaze lingered on him. Dean quickly averted his eyes, not yet knowing what he was going to do.
"Are you angry with me?“
"Your interests probably. I dunno. But please. Open the app.“
When he was snuggled in his bed, sinking into the divine mattress, he noticed a beige piece of parchment, sitting on the armchair Cas had used the other night. On top of the parchment there was another piece of paper, smaller, obviously ripped out of a notebook. He recognized Cas‘ handwriting.
From inside he heard music, loud voices and laughter. The main door was open. He saw a foyer of sorts, which directly led to a main hall.
I'm @dean-and-cas-at-the-sea on Tumblr. :)
"We’ve got 75 degrees in here,“ the bartender answered him with some skepticism in his voice.
"I can see the park from my balcony. I was thinking about taking a walk at night when I saw you there from a distance. The park is not far from here, only a few meters, actually.“
Dean averted his eyes, grabbed his phone and studied the screen. "Hello, streaming services,“ Dean mumbled, and giggled a little. Castiel felt even more giddy now. "I’m gonna show you another song, Cas,“ he said. A few seconds later, the song started playing. As soon as the first notes played, Castiel recognized the work. He knew the song by heart.
"Dean, I am not incompetent. I know how to handle this. I am rather organized. You should see the folders I made this morning. It’s even better than your numerous notebooks and maps, and you should really appreci-“ Dean pressed his mouth to Cas‘, eager to finally pick up his first kiss of the day.
Dean checked the time and found that it was already well after 9 p.m.. The number was unfamiliar, and for a moment, he debated with himself whether to pick up at all. Finally, he accepted the call.
Oh, he really was such a dumbass.
"Dean,“ Castiel scolded him. "Don’t reduce my intentions simply to sexual intercourse. Mostly, I am interested in love, not sex. Sex is naturally a welcome side effect.“
Jeez, he was trembling, but felt also relieved that he had been strong and brave enough to stand up to them. Finally, he reached the bathroom. He opened the door, and immediately saw Cas, standing hunched over the sink, just staring at the mirror. In his white shirt, his tie hanging even more loosely around his neck than usual, he looked fucked up.
Sure, themes like art and homosexuality play a central role, I identified with that, but I was also just so captivated by the writing. I sat there in parts, and completely lost the feeling of time (joke’s on me).
At those moments I realize I cannot change those persons. What I can change, however, is the effect they have on me. I can be stronger than such behavior. I can be stronger than those insecurities which my brain produces to belittle me. I will not celebrate other people’s reactions and certainly not support such manners, but I can be strong enough on my own. For myself.
He sent the photo to Angel who sent him a series of compliments that made him blush irrevocably.
Castiel turned to leave when Dean called out, "Dammit.“
Cas sighed, obviously frustrated with Dean as usual, and grabbed one of the chairs, placing it right next to Dean’s half of the bed. Still the incredible rage throbbed inside Dean, wanting to empower him, but it wasn’t as bad as usual, he felt calmer. Kinda.
Activities formed memories so strong
He left the store, and made his way to Lake Erie. Again, his phone vibrated to notify him of a new message from AngelMuses. Although they had exchanged numerous messages more often during the day, the frequency reached new highs that day.
What did matter, however, was the fact Castiel felt disappointed. Naturally, he knew it was too early for this feeling, that he was being irrational, but he still could not get this thought out of his head.
Dean watched him for more than an hour until he smiled and sniffed simultaneously. Even more, he laughed and sobbed quietly, being sure now that Cas wouldn’t wake all out of a sudden.
"Dean. You feel so good,“ Cas whispered.
"I don’t know if it is worth the effort. I think it’s better to forget about her.“
“Nothing.“ He realized the issue wasn’t over with his curt answer. With a little too much force, he threw his dart, which stuck on the outside edge.
Afterwards, Dean looked back over his shoulder, grinned at Cas and wiggled his eyebrows, not without giving him a teasing wink. Cas winked back, and uh-huh, now Dean was almost convinced that Cas was flirting with him, too.
And another message.
“I’m wearing gloves, and besides, you can’t very well carry everything by yourself. You’re cute, but I can handle it.“
I'm @dean-and-cas-at-the-sea on Tumblr. :)
Dean raised his hand, hesitantly at first, and wiped the corner of Cas’s mouth with his thumb, then touched his lower lip. His entire body tingled. His breath came intermittently until it stopped completely for a few seconds.
Curious now, he raised an eyebrow. “Well, come on. If it’s good, maybe I’ll return the favor.“
Various rock songs like "Sultans Of Swing" by Dire Straits followed, in which Castiel found great pleasure. In between, he heard familiar blues sounds, including John Lee Hooker, Calvin Russell and John Hiatt, and Castiel was extremely pleased that Dean shared his taste.
Fuck, Dean practically craved for the next message, but maybe he should get into a socially acceptable behavior again. Which meant not sitting on the street in the middle of the night. He stretched his body and rose. As soon as he stood again, he was bumped from the side.
Cas, however, particularly enjoyed the swing ride that was almost 80 feet high. By now it was their fifth ride.
“ Castiel laughed - he understood that Star Wars reference, and Dean had done an excellent imitation of Han Solo.
They traced his skin like a map, looking for a secret path, and then again Dean used slightly more pressure, putting him under his protection and care here in the motel. It was so much, humans felt so much all the time, and it seemed with Dean he felt everything.
“You don’t have to thank me. I told you that. I want to be there for you. The same way you supported me when I felt reminded of the past. When I once more was afraid of showing my true self out in the open. I will never forget that.” Dean remained silent. He hadn’t wanted to make a big deal out of his gratitude. Cas, however, always answered him with such sincerity that Dean could blush permanently.
He had spent the whole night on this scavenger hunt, and it had been the most fascinating and fun experience he had in years. He had found another note, a bit longer again. It had been hidden in a book which he had never heard of in his entire life, furthermore, it was stored in a room where nobody would ever dare to go into since it was so stuffed and contained all kinds of old items and books.
Cas pulled him closer, and Dean made a surprised sound. “This is my boyfriend Dean.” Dean gulped, and his jaw dropped. Oh. Of course. After everything that had happened, it was obvious that this was their relationship status now. Even if they hadn’t talked about it directly. But did people even do that these days? Define this stuff with so many words? Dean wouldn’t know.
Castiel stopped him by kissing him stormily. He kissed him, moving his lips against Dean’s and burying his hands in Dean’s neck, playing with the little hairs there. He felt so much because Dean was so good at voicing his own thoughts again. Because he was helping him face his fears and giving him support at the same time.
Next time: They kiss. :)
Dean threw Cas a glance. “Well, you don’t have an excuse, buddy, you don’t sleep.“ He wiggled his eyebrows a few times and grinned.
"You don’t need to be,“ Cas finally retorted. His voice had sounded so sincere, so kind, that it made Dean dizzy. He knew that Cas hadn’t just been talking about his recent freak-out and the damn kiss, but about everything.
Dean had turned the radio up to full volume and every time they got stuck in traffic, they watched the people in the cars near them. Most of them left the car to stretch their legs. Before this situation, Dean had never thought that this could be so exciting. Many people Dean saw were just so clichéd that it seemed almost too unreal what was going on.
Dean decided they had to let this topic rest for today. They wouldn’t fix everything here and now.
He thought about Angel who had comforted him on multiple occasions and understood him without words, then he thought about Cas who had seen his pain and looked right under his surface. Who had accepted him and with whom he had felt so liberated, carefree and happy - when everything around him had turned to shit.
Also, Dean had failed at being the man his dad had expected him to be – and of course, Dean knew it was wrong, the way dad had treated them, the abuse and neglect, but he still felt like a loser often enough. Dean had failed to protect Sammy on so many occasions. Fuck.
While Dean finished his meal, Cas excused himself for a moment. As soon as he was gone, Dean heard the conversation of the morons again. They were really, really getting on his nerves. Now they were apparently philosophizing about who was fucking whom, and in what positions, and seriously, speculating about strangers‘ sex lives couldn’t be that interesting.
Lightly, he moved his lips against Cas‘s, and they kissed and kissed, and the nightmare flew away, back to the run-down building. No more blood, no more anger, no more violence, no more tears. Just salt and contentment and peace. Only Cas.
The next tasks were easier to accomplish than he had initially thought. For the third task, he was to go to a library that was still open, grab the first book that came to mind, and just read for a while.
"Cas?“ he whispered to the screen, crying.
Dean was no longer in control of his emotions. Far too much was going on inside him. He was worried about Cas. Ever since the angel had told him how much he dreaded going back to heaven, he’d been pondering how to bring up the subject again without Cas blocking it.
Their mouths met feverishly. Soon, they kissed each other stormily, making out in the middle of the blankets, cushions and fairy lights. And Dean thought that being romantic from time to time wasn’t all bad.
Dean, who was often so unfair and nasty to Cas, behaving like an asshole, pushing him away when all he wanted was to have him with him. Cas, who always vanished and also tried to do what was right in his eyes, and then, like the last time, conjured up a situation like with the Leviathans. Too settled on his will to help the world and him, Dean, with his actions.
"No, I live on the moon, as you know, humans are establishing a civilization there recently.“ The man was always either being ironic or taciturn, there seemed to be nothing in between. Then, he ran a hand through his hair, set his bottle on the table, then pointed at Castiel. "Your shirt is wet.“
"Thank you, Dean,“ he replied, smiling even more now. "You are kind as always. It helped to talk so openly with you today.“
As they carried the work materials to the cottage, Benny also hissed a “Well?“ at him.
"Fuck, I’m so jealous right now,“ Dean groaned.
"No,“ Cas said gruffly. "Never.“
"Hello Dean,“ he greeted him despite his nervousness. With a cough, Dean shut the book and turned his head over his shoulder.
"Hey, Cas?“ Dean’s voice interrupted his thoughts. His tone was very gentle, not at all teasing like it had been in the lobby. Castiel turned to the side, wincing minimally when he found himself inches from Dean’s body. He could count Dean’s freckles if he wanted to, and saw even more clearly now how much Dean’s eyes shone.
"A massage, Cas? That’s your surprise for today?“ he asked huskily. Cas didn’t answer, he only continued his sweet torture. The longer he massaged him, the less Dean could attentively watch the movie.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck and rose. In an hour Bobby would show up, by then he desperately needed to get his emotional chaos under control. And yet his mind was just buzzing.
In one of the guest rooms he put Hanna down on one of the beds, who let out a joyful whoop. "Awesome, how comfortable is this?“ Grinning contentedly, she stretched out.
Dean had to look away, because he felt so frigging much. But this wasn’t about him, this was about Sam and Cas.
The man managed to make him laugh, something that had long since earned him Brownie points without Castiel being able to do much about it. For the next ten seconds, the other didn’t move his eyes an inch, only stared at him, but then averted his gaze at last.
In a way, I’m in the public eye, although that’s more of a fringe thing. Also, it’s probably not a mistake if I tell you that I have de facto two professions.
That it would be different outside their messages. That they wouldn't like each other in real life, that they would not feel all the intensity there. That they would feel like strangers who had nothing to talk about. Not that he really believed that, but his fears overwhelmed him. Alternatively, he would just mess everything up. Like he always did.
Enjoy! :)
After a while they sat down on a large rock near some trees, and Cas inspected the rock with this fascinated expression on his face. "I’ve witnessed so many kinds of rocks over the thousands years of my existence.“ Dean wanted to say something along the line of "Dude, you’re a show-off“, but he never got the chance, because Cas continued speaking.
He had developed a rather bitter perspective, maybe, but until further notice Dean just had to strengthen his inner defenses so that complete idiots and assholes didn’t piss him off too much. He wondered if DanActive was responsible for such defenses, too. Shaking his head, Dean choked off his silly thoughts.
“Hannah, do you have to tell such horrendous stories about me? I think Dean knows me well enough to know how to deal with me.” And even though he sounded quite unbothered, Dean could see that he was a little embarrassed after all, the way he was tugging at the tablecloth. It was an odd moment, because he wasn’t usually so easily flustered. Maybe he just wasn’t comfortable with this topic.
A gusty wind blew on the plateau, cutting into his face. His footsteps whirled up the leaves, and soon the remaining red and golden leaves flew beside him. Not a soul was lost here in this weather, no one shared his madness.
"What’s that?“
are so exactly right for me, sweetheart.“
"Cas?“
I mean, your user profile didn’t exactly give me much to work with. I liked the description of your house/apartment, sounds like the kind of home I would like. Okay, you’re probably a philosopher, a student, a member of the college staff or some kind of writer/journalist doing their research in the library. Or someone with a huge love for literature like me. I’m gonna tell you two of my fantasies about you, anyway.
Bobby smiled. “They would’ve loved this, boy. I mean it.“
"Hey, that doesn’t mean you should let them talk to you this way.“ Oh, look who’s talking, he scolded himself. Peachy.
Here comes part 2. :) No worries: Though Cas is physically absent until the next part, he will make his more or less obvious appearances here. It’s a Destiel story after all. And Dean? Well, I’d say he is much happier now, and he also deals with his feelings a bit, but see for yourself. :)
Cas‘ lips were soft, moving carefully and gently against his. Cas stroked his back just as tenderly, exploring Dean as if he were a treasure. Fragile, and particularly valuable. Cas‘ enthusiastic movements made Dean confident, spurring his desire. Fuck, why hadn’t they done this years ago?
From a nearby room, Dean heard the distant notes of loud music, and he thought he noticed someone laughing. When was the last time he had laughed? Laughed lustily? He couldn’t remember, it must have been a very long time ago. Yet he imagined it so often. In quiet hours, when he had nothing but himself and his thoughts.
In the face of Dean’s enthusiasm, Castiel’s stomach did somersaults.
Cas got better soon, and of course Dean just had to yell the worst of all the bad lines at him. "You’re really putting the C in cowboy, Cas.“ He glanced at Cas, who seemed to think about a response. "And you put the D in...“ He paused, and Dean cackled, loosening the reins for a second. "In December. It’s the best month I’ve experienced and for the most part you are responsible for this.“ Now Dean’s hysterical laughter made place for ragged breaths. "Cas,“ he muttered fondly.
The prospect of doing the really necessary renovations with friends motivated him, but he still didn’t break out into dances of enthusiasm.
Another formative experience happened years later. After visiting my family, my car broke down on the way home. I was somewhere in the middle of nowhere, didn’t have a cell phone with me, and didn’t see a person far and wide. So I trudged through nature, really through meadows and fields.
Dean sighed. He emptied his coffee and rose from the chair. Running his hand through his hair, he went to the waitress and ordered another piece of pie. This would be so, so awkward. He wasn’t bad at social interactions but he really didn’t want to intrude the family moment. With the pie, he approached the table and introduced himself.
If that meant being more reasonable than his brother or dad could be, then that would be it.
His integration into social life would be practically non-existent. Lonely and silent like a hermit, forgotten and abandoned in the middle of nowhere, until he would go mad with loneliness.
Of course, they fell into the obligatory snowball war, throwing the snow at each other without aiming and warning. They stood in the middle of the road, had not even taken precautions in hiding somewhere. Instead, they ran around like crazy people, yelling and probably disturbing the neighborhood, and they formed and threw the snow balls with lightning speed.
"Tsk tsk, I’m complimenting you and taking an interest in the gardening stuff, and even that’s not enough for your angelic requirements,“ Dean outraged himself playfully. In fact, this view really upset him.
"There’s a woman following me. She thinks she can convert me,“ Castiel replied, surprising himself with his candor.
That’s a whole other level of fucked up, Sam. That’s just sick. And I’m damn angry, alright?“
Dean sighed with relief. “Okay, that’s awesome, I guess.“ Dean rubbed the back of his neck. “Um, it would be nice to talk again, though. Whaddaya think?“
"Yes, I did. I always do, yet you have never shown until today.“
"Thank you, though, Dean. Your concern means everything to me.“
Cas paused, leaning a little closer to him, again not minding any personal space. Dean liked it, yes, right now he longed, no, he ached for this. Hearing Cas’s breath, seeing his eyes so close, the fucking cheekbones and the defined jawline. The lips. Yes, his lips looked fucking sensual, and Dean loved staring at them. So what?
Everything made sense now. Castiel understood why he had felt this tremendous connection with Dean. This physical and mental attraction and light-heartedness in his presence. Because Dean was RambleOnIm67. Because he knew him and because they just worked and harmonized on every level. Whether online or in the real world. Now that the mystery of their identities had cleared, their dynamic was so natural.
Thank you for reading! Please let me know what you think. :)
“Stop it! Just shut up! It’s not my fucking fault,“ Dean repeated the sentence that he had probably said more often than any other in the last few months. It was burned into his throat like a brand mark.
After he had made some errands in the grocery store, Dean finally took care of his own room. For a moment he was confused because he was sure he hadn’t put a new bulb in his nightstand lamp. It finally could light the room again, and that was another good thing happening to him today.
"No, I like my life, no need to worry.“ Dean shrugged and nodded in affirmation.
“He just piggybacked Andrea and carried her up the stairs with Amerindian howls. As soon as they were at the top, he sang.
I suggest listening to the song mentioned ("You and me" by Lifehouse), I think it creates the right atmosphere for the passage. :) (https://youtu.be/ac3HkriqdGQ)
"Awesome,“ Dean replied in his old manner, which made Castiel smile. At last, he felt calm, and he wished, wished so much, that it could always be like this.
The scavenger hunt was about his personal development, more specifically it was about him daring things, gaining a different perspective and perhaps learning to adopt it permanently. And yes, that was an important step for him. Tackling new things would do him good. By doing these things, he was also helping Angel.
Then he thought of all the nights he hadn’t been able to sleep because he had missed Dean so much. He thought of recent events, of Ephraim, who had made him realize that he was not happy at all. He started to cry, quietly at first so Dean wouldn’t notice. Then he could no longer control himself, and he sobbed incessantly.
“Nothing.” Dean reached into Cas’s hair and pulled his face closer. “Except for you.” He grinned and kissed him. “Your lips taste so sweet,” he murmured, barely suppressing a moan. Cas laughed and pressed another kiss to his mouth. Their lips and tongues met. And Dean couldn’t get enough.
Originally, Dean had come to Idaho because of the case Castiel had contacted him about. Nonetheless, the case was successfully concluded now, and Dean would unload him and take his leave. Without question, Castiel missed Dean, he missed him with his whole being, and he realized that his new life could never give him that, would never make him feel as intensely as Dean did. For better or worse. Castiel would never be able to experience so much truth with anybody else.
After all, his rambler gave him comfort in his annoyed state. The other had reacted incredibly euphorically to his confession that he was Emmanuel Milton, even more happily than Castiel had imagined.
Regrettably, I also have to reject the Indiana Jones association. You were correct in your assumption that I have a soft spot for the young Harrison Ford, especially in this role. Is it strange that I sometimes associate the way you write with Indy’s wit and strength and inventiveness? :-)
The guy clicked his tongue and folded his arms in front of his chest.
Wasn’t sure you could grasp it, how an angel dealt
Cas scanned his whole body for a while, making Dean a bit uncomfortable, yet he felt somehow coveted. He didn’t know if Cas meant to undress him with his eyes, but Dean sure felt that way.
"Sure thing. Bobby’s probably told ya, I’m not exactly in town right now. Will be back by Sunday. You can drop the car by the shop, Bobby will look into it.“
“ Dean rolled his eyes because this was getting more cringeworthy with each try. Dammit, this was even more accusing. Delete.
Referenced/quoted songs:
And then, suddenly, he just knew. He knew everything.
Let’s just say the things he writes about and includes (that goes for the movies as well) aren’t mere coincidence – and he sends (at least subconsciously) some messages/signals there. :D :D
"Okay, let’s say I mention the famous quote '
Dean coughed and didn’t know how to react to that. "Cas, you don’t have to say that. I’m a grown man, I can handle a few emotions.“
Always wanted to have a dog, but I live alone, and I cannot exactly take an animal to work. In the past, there would’ve been no way to bring a dog along. Thank you for telling me that, I liked it a lot. (Also the bit where you mentioned thinking about me. Way to make a guy blush, dork.)
“Hannah. What’s going on?” Cas then asked, breaking the lighthearted atmosphere. Hannah looked questioningly at Cas and tilted her head in a similar manner like Cas often did. However, it wasn’t adorable when she did it. “You are so nice to me today. You didn’t want me to contact you again, right?”
If circumstances were different, he could certainly enjoy his stays more.
Then he shook his head, took a deep breath. "Cas, you gotta stop looking at me like that. I swear to God, I’m only human.“ Normally Castiel would have laughed at the comment, but now he felt he couldn’t.
This was not him, this was not what he was used to from life. On the contrary. He knew only the difficult paths, the detours, the hurdles and everything that rolled over him like an avalanche or debris in a landslide.
Suddenly, his cell phone vibrated on the table, and he glanced at it. Actually, he was fucking staring at his smartphone which had informed him about a new message from AngelMuses.
Chose this specific library for many reasons. I mean, I didn’t even study the Classics, although I love those texts (as you might have noticed). Studied English, FYI. However, the Classics and the ancient times in general?
Castiel, meanwhile, watched the spectacle from a safe distance, sitting on a sofa. Two women on the sofa next to him immediately went into full swing, sinking into the cushion, smooching. Like a moth and a lamp, their tongues found each other again and again. Slowly, what was happening between them was no longer G-rated. They rose. A few moments later, the women were gone and would have no deep conversations.
He laughed? Was he frigging serious?
Enjoy! :)
Dean couldn’t cry himself to sleep this night, he couldn’t lie awake and overthink. Overthink. Overthink. Overthink. He just knew, he fucking knew that his mind wouldn’t shut up, and then he would be all alone in this cursed city.
"Has Sammy called by now?“ Dean asked when they were back inside, not taking his eyes off Cas‘ damn attractive neck, face, mouth. He nibbled Cas‘ lips, used his tongue very deliberately. Cas drew in a sharp breath, moaning indignantly, and Dean grinned. Yes, he still had it in him to drive Cas out of his mind. And Dean? Every single day he felt a tingling all over his body like when they had kissed for the first time.
The last few days, the song kept me going. It saved me. Thanks so much for that. It gives me strength and I wanted to open up a bit if you don’t mind. I kinda trust you, mm, dunno how it happened, but it’s the fucking truth.
Was this person talking about RambleOn? Or was someone trying to hose him? Castiel was not sure. He didn’t know what to believe anymore, and he didn’t feel like joking.
"You mean as our second date?“
As Dean continued listening to the sounds Cas made, Dean couldn’t deny it anymore: Cas actually slept. He definitely had to ask him about that eventually.
Thoughtfully he pinched the bridge of his nose. He shouldn’t brood so much over the next few days.
Also: As you might have noticed, Dean loves all those pop culture references and mentions (I mean, it IS canon!! :D).
"Mmm, seriously, how do you do it?“ Dean ran a hand through his hair. "You have that almost innocent expression and way of speaking, your implications are so sexy.“ As before, he really liked that Cas somehow managed to throw him off course. Normally, he was always so composed. Casually, but in a very low voice, he then added, "Very much looking forward to your proposal.“
Dammit. Maybe this had been a bad idea. Maybe he shouldn’t destroy his illusions by seeing him in reality. But no, now he was here, and he was friggin' excited. So many people. Probably around 50 people had shown up. A reading. By Emmanuel Milton. From his upcoming book.
Cas sighed and then he yelled at Dean, "I’m not leaving you, Dean. I’m not. I’m here and I will… stay. That is why you furnished the room for me after all.“
Maybe you’ll also give me an anecdote? :-)
The fact that RambleOnIm67 still hadn’t answered him after almost a week distracted him more than he would ever admit. Probably Castiel had scared him off with his long message, or else the man was actually no longer active on the platform. Either way, his disappointment grew with each passing day, but he couldn’t say exactly why, after all, he didn’t know him.
Then, there were the times when Castiel returned to Dean and Sam after a longer absence due to his duties. At such occasions, Dean would stare at him even longer than he usually did, and he would lick his lips, seeming flustered if that was the right word. And every time, he made a particularly strange comment, bearing some kind of innuendo. Therefore, Castiel had assumed Dean might find his vessel, his body, appealing, but actually hearing it made him feel excellent.
"Excuse me?“ Dean asked 'cause he had been a little too distracted by Cas’s hands. Dammit. He wasn’t a frigging teenager anymore.
The concert was wonderful. At times Dean sat on the edge of his seat, just jiggling on it because the rhythm was taking him in so much. Then again, he leaned back against the chair, closed his eyes and just listened to the sounds and how they soaked into his soul. He thought of Cas’s new book, thought of how he had described the piano scene between Luca and Hugh, and yes, that’s kind of how the magic described there must have felt.
What a wonderful world.“
"I agree. That woman. Is she harassing ya?“ His voice sounded rough now, like a fighter, Castiel noticed.
A woman approached them. She was an elder woman, probably in her early sixties, with a motherly and inviting smile. She had a cordial charisma, and Dean liked her immediately. She introduced herself as Emmeline.
“Yes, but she behaves completely differently than she used to do. She was always so composed and rather clumsy regarding social behavior.”
Dean threw himself into the cushions, looking at him quite suggestively. "Now c’mere, Angel. I wanna watch a movie and kiss you until you’re even more positively flushed.“
“ Delete, too accusing.
Things were going better than he had expected. With that, he had completed 17 tasks and challenges. They had exchanged more than a hundred messages the last few hours. Dean had sent Angel at least one photo for every task, and often enough Angel had sent him fitting photos as well. It had been an awesome way to spend the rest of the day.
This is an idea I’ve had for ages, and it just needed to be written down. Last summer I finally had the time to start this fic. I’ve had so much fun writing this. :) I’m a sucker for the getting to know each other over profound texts, the yearning... Well, you get the idea. ;)
Finally, he wrote Dean a short message.
During his remarks, Cas had frantically put his glass down and not taken his eyes off him for a second. However, he now looked so perplexed that Dean paused. He was doing it again, talking nonsense. Fuck this. He pinched his nostrils between two fingertips. “Sorry, I’m rambling.“
"Glad you asked.“ The redhead clapped her hands joyfully. "We could actually use some help. For one thing, I need a break. For another, any helping hand is always appreciated. I’m Charlie, by the way.“ She held out her hand to him, and Castiel returned the handshake with a genuine smile. "Castiel,“ he introduced himself, which she acknowledged with the frown people always gave him afterwards.
Since his impulses had always served him well in difficult or demanding situations so far, he relied on them now, too.
“It’s not the job that makes a person fascinating,“ Cas replied seriously. Again he started to speak, but then changed his mind and took another sip from his coffee.
Yes, he really could see this guy reflecting on perception, hidden layers or finding the truth beneath the surface, preservation of culture and stirring one’s mind. All the good stuff that had intrigued him often enough – so maybe he was just wishing this mesmerizing guy would do something of the sorts.
It was wonderful to see how the animals have adapted to long periods of cold, for example. They are so inventive, so clever. Many aspects are beyond our horizons. The way they communicate is also fascinating. Some species of birds, like penguins, produce sounds so distinct that their peers instantly recognize them. Among thousands and even after long separation. And that’s just one of many examples.
"Fucking hate it when you leave.“ He kissed Cas once more, cradling him with his whole body while he was at it. Then he interrupted the kissing for a second, only to swear against his mouth again. "Pisses me off.“ Another kiss, angrier and more passionately now. Teeth and much tongue. "Don’t. Do. This,“ he hissed against Cas‘ mouth.
I'm @dean-and-cas-at-the-sea on Tumblr.
Cas furrowed his eyebrows. "No, Dean.“ Again, he pronounced his name in the way which gave him goosebumps. "It is a lovely addition, but I decided to gift you this some years ago. I waited for a good occasion or the right moment like humans tend to say.“
Nonetheless, he enjoyed Cas‘ soft and firm touches. Dean had to talk the tension away, maybe that would make it better.
Anyway, I hope the feelings are tangible. ;)
Never was there more happiness
Dean only grabbed Cas’s tie and kissed him hard. "Screw our bathroom agreement,“ he mumbled. Cas chuckled and kissed him again. And again. And again. After a few seconds, Dean told Cas in a few words that they had to leave right then and there.
I think this chapter turned out quite light-hearted. They are SO soft, I can’t help it.
Dean tasted something bitter on his tongue because yes, that was exactly why - Cas didn’t live here. He sighed and started cleaning the room thoroughly. He threw away the old sheets because they were ugly, then he went to the washing machine to wash one of his best sheets. After that he roamed through the rooms, looking for another shelf. As soon as he found one, he ordered Sammy to help him carry this bastard.
Dean was getting angry, even more so he felt sorry that Angel was being punished for being open about his homosexuality. It was so unfair. The longer they wrote, the more he learned.
At the door of the thermal bath, they said goodbye. After a long hug, Castiel sighed because he had thought of something else.
Here comes chapter 19. :)
Why was he so bad at this? He wanted this, and he didn’t want to scare Cas away. On top of that Dean also didn’t want to overwhelm himself, and really, Dean hadn’t felt that much at the same time for years. In forever, maybe. With two beers – because he didn’t want to be an asshole – he went back to his room again.
Sam swang around and examined him. "Huh?“
He stopped briefly in the library to collect a few books. As he walked down the familiar hallway, he looked absently at the walls and doors, as if trying to find some lost meaning there. Then he paused.
"Dean, we are a couple of dumbasses.“
Dean pulled a pout and looked at Cas apologetically.
“ and more hints as to the next work.
Nevertheless, the whole constellation also made Dean angry. Although the test had shown Dean was the one who was highly intelligent (vastly more intelligent innately than his brother), he had never been given a chance in his youth and early adulthood.
Until now, he hadn’t told anyone about how much this reading had awakened in him, because anyone would have told him that it was just a coincidence. That authors just had a talent for putting their readers‘ feelings on paper, for creating worlds and characters that captivated and never let people go. That was the wonderful thing about art. And yet. It was like someone was indirectly typing out his life.
Dean grabbed the box, eyeballed it skeptically and decided it would do him no harm. On the edges there were little golden lines and right in the middle sat a small engraving which seemed to be a sun.
And damn, he couldn’t stop crying. He heard his dad’s voice in his head, the catty comments that it wasn’t proper for a man to cry. That only "sissies" and "faggots“ did that. And screw this.
After several attempts, he finally found the edition of "Electra" he was looking for, which contained another message. No doubt on purpose, the message was right next to the passage, "You’re dreaming, girl, lost in a moving dream.“
After buckling up, he turned the ignition key and put the car in reverse. Before driving off, he took a quick glance at his unwilling passenger, making sure she was still stable. "By the way, I’m not seemingly dead yet.“
I now understand the context better, understand how personal those notes were to you. How you wanted to use your difficult situation to create something better. You are so reflective, and once again your beautiful mind amazes me.
He searched his nightstand for the book he was reading at the moment and found another item he didn’t know. It was a journal which seemed way more valuable than his father’s. When did Cas have the time to organize all these things? Dean was baffled.
He concentrated and tried to remember a quote from Lord of the Rings which fit their relationship so well. It described kinda perfectly how his life had changed after meeting Cas. He’d read the books often enough.
Why had nobody ever taught him how to react properly? Why had nobody ever shown him how to handle his emotions? Why had nobody ever told him they would catch him when he fell?
Dean laughed lustily and shook his head before becoming serious again. "Yeah,“ he murmured as he cupped his face with his hands. "Of course I show you.“
Frankly, there was a tension between us. In the end, I didn’t end up calling the repairman. In fact, he towed my car with his, offered to drive me to the nearest car shop the next day. Well, I won’t go into too much detail here.
"Humans worked on rocks, made weapons out of them at first, then they used the rocks to form houses. Still, they were no longer in harmony with them, hence now, they don’t actually exist near them – in nature itself. They should appreciate these wondrous things, use them alongside their natural tasks. Not just as a material.“ Dean hadn’t taken his eyes of Cas for one second, because hearing Cas talk so passionately was alluring.
Simultaneously, he sensed so much, and he had to close his eyes because he thought he might faint due to overwhelming emotions otherwise. Both arms tingled, his neck tingled, and most importantly, his lips prickled because they wanted to taste this ridiculous, dorky, wonderful man again. So badly. And his heart screamed and laughed and yearned.
"Bullshit,“ Sam said, puffing. "My disease? How could you possibly be responsible for that? I know I thought so until recently. But I was wrong. I was manipulated. Sure, the disease was probably related to the constant pneumonia and most of all the infections and stuff. These things weakened my body, obviously. It was bad luck they always occurred when dad was away. But you always did what you could in dad’s absence. You were a child, Dean.“
Stop it, he scolded himself.
"Not just ordinary stairs,“ Skulduggery told her as he led the way down. "Magic stairs.“ -> from "Skulduggery Pleasant: Mortal Coil (Book 5)" by Derek Landy
Damn, the stuff was fantastic, afterwards Baby shined brighter than she’d done in years. He sent Cas a picture of Baby, and even typed a short description with one of those laughing emojis Cas was so fond of. Then Dean started packing and put the duffle bags in the car about two hours later.
"Talking is our thing, man. That doesn’t change now we’ve discovered our identities. That will always be what we’re best at. And you can tell me everything. Okay?“
"Cas, I-“ Castiel pressed his hand over his mouth.
Enjoy! :)
That was a demanding task, but Dean did it, anyway. Not without grumbling, obviously.
"Nothing at all, Dean,“ Castiel murmured softly. He lowered his eyes to the floor and counted the lines on the swamp green carpet. Dean grabbed his arm and turned him to face him. "Don’t lie to me!“
After three or four more songs he separated from Cas. It was unfair. With any other person, he would have clearly interpreted everything that happened between them. The long conversations, the glances, the random touches, the flapping that quickly turned into bickering. With Cas, it was different, which was one of the reasons why he suited him so well. In the meantime, the room had emptied.
Dean looked him up and down. "You’re not a cruel teacher,“ he said, and Castiel wondered how he could possibly know that. "That’s good. Harshness only creates suffering. A bit severeness in the right places seems appropriate. But I abhor this certain tone if it’s uncalled-for and just for a demonstration or rather misuse of power.“ Castiel nodded and smiled at Dean’s insightful words.
Dean chuckled. "Yeah sure. What’s the game?“
At noon, RambleOnIm67 sent him another message. Castiel was in his office waiting for his student when he saw a notification in his inbox. By now he liked RambleOnIm67’s messages way too much, they brightened his day and so at least at lunchtime he sometimes put his discipline aside to have a quick chat with him. Since he knew other colleagues did the same, he couldn’t feel guilty about it.
There’s so much going on right now, so much that my head is spinning. But don’t worry about it, I’m feeling much better. And reading your messages, writing you, helps me and does me good (damn good). So much for that. I also liked the quote from Aurelius, got me thinking quite a bit. And it’s true of course, thanks for that.
“I can see that, sweetheart. Don’t worry, I’m not interested. I’ve got a guy there who I’ve probably had a hopeless crush on for three years. But I don’t want to be banned from having fun.“
Once RambleOnIm67 told him that he preferred to write to him from his sofa because that was where they exchanged most messages and where, in a sense, their correspondence had begun.
A few times Castiel had asked him about it during the trip, each time Dean had assured him that he would let him in on the secret when the time came. Castiel was so excited.
In particular, Dean thought of the times he had lost Cas. Cas who had walked into the lake, only leaving his trench coat behind. Cas who had voluntarily stayed behind in Purgatory, a fact that his brain had completely repressed and formed into a new reality.
Sam cleared his throat. "For real though. I wasn’t gonna say anything, but the two of you are actually a thing now?“
Finally, he couldn’t take it anymore, he couldn’t control the rage. He looked at the monsters before him, shot ghosts as if in a frenzy, stabbed demons with the Angel Blade, decapitated vampire after vampire, and he enjoyed the feeling. The strength, the power.
"How do ya- Yeah, sure I do. But that’s not the point. Never mind, forget about it.“
Dean looked Castiel straight in the eye and did not avert his gaze from him for a second.
And so Dean
The tranquil tune rained down on him, and the lyrics wrapped themselves around his entire being like ivy tendrils.
On the other hand, with every perusal, I read a book for the first time, in a way, for books always give me new insights, show me aspects I hadn’t thought about before. I can develop new interpretations.
"Of course,“ Cas replied, as if Dean had just given him the most interesting suggestion of the last century.
He checked the result and laughed. Dean’s eyes were directed in the distance, sparkling, and Cas’s head was cocked to the side, his expression as confused as ever. "That’s a lovely picture,“ Cas commented. "We appear natural, lost in the moment.“ Dean smiled at that, could never have deleted that picture anyway.
He called Gabriel, knowing that his brother was definitely still awake. Although he didn’t plan to give him any details, Gabriel would see right through him. But at that moment, he didn’t care. There had to be a rational explanation, there had to be.
"Simple Man" by Lynyrd Skynyrd (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sMmTkKz60W8)
He raced to his room in a matter of seconds, took the bag and ran back to Cas. The guy still stood there, obviously hadn’t expected this from him. Dean, on the other hand, was fucking thrilled. He loved surprising Cas like this, it delighted him.
After Castiel had fiddled with his coat for another two minutes, he finally entered the kitchen. Dean sat at the table, a cup of coffee in his hand while leaning over an old book. Certainly, it contained many pages. Dean seemed very intrigued in the perusal, now put the coffee a few inches farther to the right, before wetting his finger and turning the page. He smiled a little and wrote down something into his journal. He looked radiant, and Castiel felt completely baffled.
"Dean!“ he pleaded, ignoring the confusion and sadness and yearning he felt.
Also thank you for answering my questions. That made me kinda happy.
"What exactly?“ Cas asked as bluntly as ever. "Me finding you after a nightmare? You being vulnerable in my presence? Us kissing? Us embracing each other so desperately like we sat on the sinking Titanic?“ Dean raised his eyebrows at Cas, simply because he didn’t know what to make of him.
Everything else had turned out to be such a positive domino effect that today he was giddy with joy. He had invested more time in his crime novel and various scientific essays, and had also developed his style considerably since then. Nevertheless, nothing in his career filled him with as much pride as his first work. If things hadn’t turned out so disastrously with Meg, things would probably be different.
Sam pulled Cas in one of his bear hugs, mumbling "Thank you“ over and over. Dean gulped and was touched by this scene. Sam handed over three presents to Cas. Cas unwrapped the first gift and laughed out loud. It was a shotgun like the ones they used for ghosts. A fancy shotgun, Dean realized.
Heading to the parking lot, they chatted about the past few days, with Dean seeming particularly interested in his trip to Europe. Castiel told him about a few appointments and readings he had had, and watched with some excitement how attentively Dean listened to him and how he eyed him.
"That sounds wonderful,“ Castiel finally groaned.
What the hell? No frigging way! By now, Dean had stared at his laptop for at least 20 minutes without moving. He had to be dreaming, right? A real person had found his (embarrassing) rambling notes? A person who was insightful, articulate and fucking amazing!
"So, Cas? What do you want to do today?“ Dean asked, and he was aware of how hopeful his own voice had to sound. Cas looked at him with deadly seriousness, as if he wanted to explain to him which demon from hell they had on their heels now, and only shrugged his shoulders. "We’re going ice skating.“ Dean chuckled at the sincerity in his words.
"You talkin‘ to me?“ → from "Taxi Driver"
Cas was so cute with his emoticons and emojis.
Cas smiled at his remark, and Dean felt even more embarrassed. "Anyway. I just wanted to spend as much time as possible with you, ya know. We don’t have to take the next step I’ve planned for the road trip. I don’t wanna force you, I can just drive you home afterwards. It’s not a long drive.“
When he lay awake at night though, not being able to suppress his thoughts for a change, he couldn’t help but wish for something more. Then the hunting felt more like a burden, the aspect in his life which made experiencing new things and feelings nearly impossible. He wanted to look forward to something else than the next hunt. And damn, this was an insight which scared him more than getting on a plane.
It was a beautiful day, pleasantly warm temperatures and a bright blue sky lifted his spirits considerably.
They walked straight to the large reception desk. All around, Castiel noticed various signs reminding people that smoking was prohibited in the indoor areas. There were also signs directing visitors to the sauna and the hotel’s swimming pool. Most noticeable to Castiel, however, were the signs conveying the hotel’s values such as welcoming all sexual orientations.
Again Dean moved closer to him, could feel his muscles through his well-fitting shirt. Then he grinned at Cas, arching his eyebrows, and he unbuttoned the stupid piece of clothing. He kissed Cas‘ upper body while his hands simultaneously explored every inch of it. Cas leaned closer to him, and Dean kissed his way alongside Cas‘ neck, sucked on it, even bit it softly.
Castiel quickly noted that Dean seemed to want to make another stop. He thought back fondly to their lunch in Portland earlier. Despite the men in the diner, he had spent wonderful moments with Dean there. He was sure that this day would not be their last visit to the city together.
Balthazar tended to be too protective of him. As always, Castiel was grateful to him; after all, Balthazar had been the one who had saved him from a mental breakdown back then. The one who had preached to him that he would be grief-stricken if he married Meg.
Reading hours led to talks late at night
"Just a little. At first, he offered me a mediocre wax. I could see it in his thoughts. Then I told him to shove it up his ass and give me the real stuff.“ Dean laughed out loud and wiped a tear from his eye. "You didn’t.“ God, he had missed him. Noone could make him laugh like that, just by being themselves.
Apparently Nora, Gabriel’s current "acquaintance“, had not been able to stand his beard because it was all clean-shaven. Gabriel's whole attitude was expectant, as if he couldn’t wait to tell Castiel some great news.
But I do wanna meet you. I do. And I am so looking forward to it. I might have squealed a little when I read that part of your message. Very girlish, to be honest. On an additional note: I have thoughts about our first encounter in person. Very vivid thoughts. :-)
“So get this. Turns out it was a werewolf. I’m gonna take care of it. You guys relax for a change.“
Gabriel referred to himself as a "little bitch", and honestly Castiel couldn’t have come up with a better term himself. On the other hand, Gabriel could be counted on, despite his tendency to party, his playful character and his unpredictability at times. Gabriel was the one family member Castiel had always looked up to, and he had his heart in the right place.
Undecided how to deal with the attention he was now receiving, Dean ran his fingers through his hair. He felt so comfortable with Cas, like he knew him, really knew him.
If Dean was only halfway as happy as Castiel was when communicating with RambleOn – it really must be a good man Dean had met.
Why did dad always have to build these constructs of lies that told Dean he wasn’t wanted?
His gravelly voice bursted with childlike joy, sounding so pure and melodic that Dean paused, completely mesmerized, and kept giving Cas sidelong glances.
So, in conclusion: Let’s get to know each other better. It’s such a good way of truly seeing someone without actually seeing the other person. Looking under the surface. I mean, I was often objectified in the past. I kinda like this, the way you call my thoughts and mind beautiful. That’s damn flattering.
I’m @dean-and-the-cas-at-the-sea on Tumblr. :)
Finally, his life would rush past him like a fast train which he could only wave at helplessly in a final act of desperation. Another possibility would be him in about 10 to 20 years - hanging fearfully on a cliff - with no chance of rescue. These possibilities were drastic views of his future, which truly had not yet been determined. However, at the heart of it all was really what he was afraid of. Therefore, his brain continued to work diligently, keeping the coals of imagination glowing.
Cas shook his head and made a sound of protest. "It would be more awkward if we were in public. For example in a restroom of a restaurant where we forgot to lock the door.“
No, this Cas seemed to have lost his spirits. His shoulders were slumped and the way his body was trembling, it was a miracle that he was still standing upright. Damn. These were all tiny little movements and maybe even just unconscious reactions, but Dean read Cas almost like a book. And since he knew him so well, he also knew that Cas probably didn’t want to react emotionally in public. He boxed into Cas’s side playfully and put an arm around his shoulder.
That elicited a grin from Dean, and he shook his head in disbelief. "Sounds damn lovely if you call my fainting an intention. Yeah, I’ll think about it as soon as I lose the mud layer.“
Again he took a picture which he sent to Angel. Angel then sent him a photo back. Pictured was a piece of cherry cake next to which he had placed one of Dean’s notes and a new note, saying "Scavenger Hunt 2.0“.
Dean’s head was spinning.
She probably thought he was a plant fanatic, but he really didn’t have a green thumb. A few plants, however, could only be beneficial to the coziness. And he wanted to feel at home. The sooner, the better. Even if the apartment itself was very nice, he didn’t want to live in a sterile nothingness. He loaded a palm tree into his cart. "Cassie!“ a familiar voice said.
"Dean, it’s hard to concentrate on the conversation when you are trying to arouse me again.“ Dean laughed and pulled Cas into a tight, yet tender embrace, never wanting to let him go.
"Dean, you’re an idiot, such an idiot. Shut the fuck up,“ Cas hissed and pushed Dean against the wall. The collision was hard and painful but did not nearly reach the pain in his heart.
He passed the kitchen to yell a “Mornin Sammy“ at his brother, but Sam was already up, sitting at the table in the War Room and writing on his laptop.
Therefore, he was all the more disappointed when Dean broke the kiss, but maintained the closeness. Still Castiel stroked his neck and closed his legs tighter around Dean’s body. He wanted to enjoy. Those new feelings. This tingling sensation. This closeness.
At last, Dean thought about the coincidence that Angel had found his message in the library and then had decided writing him. He compared it to the coincidental encounters of him and Cas which had always brought him comfort when he had needed it the most.
Enjoy! :)
Dean didn’t know if he should get an autograph. This was stupid. He knew Cas, he didn’t need to get into this fan frenzy. Ah, screw this, he wanted to say hello, after all. And so he joined the line that had formed in front of the table where Cas sat with books, busily signing autographs and making small talk.
What was he supposed to do? He wasn’t good at comforting others, normally he excelled in making everything worse. He reached for Cas‘ back. Then he wrapped his arms around him and pulled him onto his lap, ignoring Cas‘ quiet protest.
Next time: The chapter is called “Truth“ – we’ll have Christmas part 1 and more feelings.
That had been alarming, to say the least. On the other hand, dad was always like this, at least to him. So he couldn’t deal with that right now. Talking to him would just make him angry. He sighed and went back to Cas. Briefly, he explained to him that Sam was okay and his dad was an asshole, but he didn’t want to think about him now. Cas nodded, took his hand and kissed it. Oh, damn. He grinned at Cas, and embraced him before they continued their walk.
A knock on the window pane broke through his reflections. Bobby. He sighed.
This was not good, he was way too happy about it.
Nowadays in an entirely different way than at that time. When he closed his eyes and thought about the last weeks, he tasted pure happiness on his tongue again.
On the last hunt they had taken care of a haunted house, and the sons of bitches had showed violent behavior, throwing them around with Telekinesis. Dean’s arms, legs and ass still hurt like hell, and yes, maybe he wasn’t as unshakable as he used to be in his twenties. Not that he would ever admit that in front of Sam.
Thank you for reading! Please let me know what you think. :)
Yeah, okay, fine, Dean was so going in there now. He wouldn’t attempt to flirt with the guy another time (probably), but he really wanted to see these ridiculous blue eyes again.
Dean rubbed his eyes now, started sobbing, and hugged Cas for what felt like 5 minutes.
Dean had searched the nightstand, hoping he’d find the little plush bee to cuddle with. Nonetheless, Cas must’ve taken the bee with him because there was nothing in the nightstand except for a few books and an empty vial which caused an inexplicable itching in Dean’s subconscious. He crammed it further into the back.
At first pretending not to have heard anything, Dean poured milk into a pot again, turned on the stove. "Seriously, what are you doing here? When you said you weren’t in any kind of social mood, I thought you needed some time to yourself. Now I don’t understand anything.“
Quiet. He was such a hypocrite.
But something has kept us joined for so long
"Dean,“ he said with urgency, trying to calm his trembling voice. "It was you. The man in the dream. It’s always been you for me. Only you.“
Castiel laughed and could no longer suppress the chuckles that followed. "You remind me of a friend,“ Castiel finally admitted, feeling a great deal of warmth as he thought of RambleOnIm67.
"Geek,“ Gabriel flattened. "You’ve got everyone wrapped around your finger, both your colleagues and all those studyholics.“
I’m rather good at dancing, but being there on public display? Phew. It was all right after a coupla minutes. And this guy he watched me, still watched me. And I’m not gonna lie, it turned me on.
"Don’t be alarmed, I’m going to lift you up now.“ With that, he reached under her thighs, and she automatically put her arms around his neck, hiding her head there.
"That would be a nice gesture. But what would it change?“ Castiel asked, carelessly closing his book. Dean sighed, throwing his book onto the bed.
When Van Morrison sang, "
"You promised, Dean.“ Holy shit, what had this man done to him? His lips looked so luscious, the little smile that spread across his face captivated Dean as always.
“Okay, but you can tell me now, right? I figured it out, it’s not a secret anymore.“
"I don’t understand why you are so angry,“ Castiel said and stared at Dean, fixating him and drowning in his eyes like always. Dean continued to watch his face.
"You wanna know what I enjoy?“ He smirked and licked his lips. "Mistletoe.“ He nodded towards the ceiling where several branches hang. Then he pulled Cas even closer to him and pressed his mouth to Cas‘.
"Mmm,“ Dean grumbled, not wanting to think about it right now. He pulled Cas into a tight embrace, inhaling his scent. Obviously he had just showered since he still had damp hair. He smelled so good. Like home.
"Yes.“
"Think you’re escaping and run into yourself. Longest way round is the shortest way home.“ -> from Ulysses by James Joyce
"I would respond to your childish behavior with the same attack, but I cleaned too thoroughly to destroy everything in a matter of seconds. From now on, we’ll shift it to one of your super games.“
"Cas. This is about you now, your gift. You don’t have to flatter me.“ The corners of Dean’s mouth turned up nonetheless.
It was the face of Mr. Adork, zoomed in, almost filling the whole picture. His eyes were positively shining, the smile was pure happiness. He was looking at someone. You could see only half the face of the other figure, saw the one who was supposed to represent RambleOnIm67. Green eyes, a striking face that was also lit up by a smile. Lips puckered into a kiss.
"I wasn’t making any connection between you and Constantine, Cas. It’s just the trench coat, buddy,“ Dean then said, pointing to his clothing in question.
Next chapter will be posted on February 7. :)
"Mm,“ Castiel replied nonsensically for the kisses distracted him a lot, and he could not get enough of Dean’s lips and the delicious sounds he made.
"I didn’t know it,“ Dean said through gritted teeth. "I called him Cas all the frigging time.“
He typed in "Geekatism", continuing to grin at the name, and read the introduction, somewhat irritated.
They had to comb through many bushes, Dean’s jacket tore at the right sleeve and once he slipped in the mud. Still, these obstacles didn’t stop them from heading for the huge rock. After about half an hour of defying nature, he was finally able to see the rock more clearly. On the left side of the rock, he saw the waterfall, and he became more excited.
All so neat. All so presentable. All so respectable. All so clean. Without flaws.
Coincidences happened all the time. But if the coincidences occurred more and more frequently and became a rule, then perhaps at some point one inevitably had to think about a profound bond. A connection between two seemingly different and separated worlds – the real world and the online world – which happened to be the same wonderful world.
They got out and heaved their luggage out of the trunk. Dean looked at him and smiled slightly. He ran a hand through his hair, nodded in the direction of the hotel, and then gestured back and forth between them a few times.
While listening to music he thought about Angel and the documentary he had recommended. As he stood in front of the tanks, he took it upon himself to watch the documentary about the underwater world as soon as he could.
"You okay, Cas?“
"That potato looks awesome.“ At that Cas was laughing after all. "Dean, you’re a very smart man. You know that’s not a potato.“
It wasn’t a good habit, he knew. But today, the fucking nervousness overwhelmed him, too much so. In fact, his nervousness controlled him so strongly that Dean had deliberately driven to Cleveland a day early. Not so much because he was so eager to get anxiety even earlier but because he wanted to prepare for the visit.
That realization made him even more exuberant. After seeing Dean lick his lips, his index finger automatically touched his lower lip and stroked it. His index finger traced the contours of his lip again and again until this softness and warmth he felt caused a kind of electric shock in his fingertip. It drove him completely crazy.
"Okay, then let’s hit the road,“ Cas announced eagerly.
And then he felt angry once more because why the hell would his mind create those sickening thoughts? Dean was a lost cause.
The possibilities were numerous, or so Dean wanted to convince himself. They were still not sure who had done such damage to the victims and taken their hearts. Werewolves which they could take down almost in their sleep by now; ghosts, whose violence was particularly evident in ripping out hearts; some kind of anti-Amor. Two monsters might be working together.
"I was looking for a spell, a spell that would age me physically. And you know what I found out? After consulting quite a few experts over the last few weeks- months? After I had talked to so many witches and strange creatures that I had become completely haggard?" He yelled now, looking simultaneously radiant and frightening.
Dean swallowed for a second. He’d rattled out his words so fast like a waterfall flowing down a rock.
Scratch that, my dad thought so. I was worried about my little brother, tried everything I could to make him feel better, looked after him. Well, I failed, obviously. That’s just who I am. Okay, I’m gonna tell you about this whole ordeal real quick because I wanted to be honest here, not trying to hide this because I’m really not having the best time right now.
The fic is not solely epistolary form, we get to see Dean and Castiel in their daily lives. And they will meet there, although they don’t recognize each other. :D
In the left corner of the picture said: "TBC in reality :-)“
With all the foil, tarps, and masking tape more than generously applied, he barely recognized his cottage. The old building no longer exuded any coziness at all; instead, his favorite place seemed so sterile at the moment that he would have preferred to flee. Maybe that’s why he had put off renovating for so long. Because he was afraid of finally fulfilling his dream and arriving here permanently. To feel at home. By now, the cottage had become a part of himself.
To somehow cheer Cas up, he then began commenting on the food being offered and how he would prepare it. As he did so, he described in great detail the individual steps and intended tastes. Cas laughed softly to himself, a reaction that only spurred Dean on. Now, he started to explain which moods the food should create in the person eating it. Since Dean had shared recipes and his homemade food in his messages many times, he knew how much Cas enjoyed these descriptions. Simply because Dean showed so much enthusiasm, according to Cas’s remarks on the matter.
It was the man from the supermarket who had run into him some time ago. Who had very sweetly invited him for a coffee, but Castiel had been so annoyed after the phone call with his mother that he had been in a tunnel.
"Okay. But it was my idea. This time, I’ll pay.“ Castiel winked, and Dean sighed exasperatedly when Castiel handed him some dollar notes. Dean laughed and pulled him in for another kiss until he left the room.
"I don’t wanna make this awkward but I kinda reserved three rooms. Two singles for the case you wouldn’t figure the identity thing out or would’ve preferred the distance. The double room - well, for another scenario.“
At that, Dean hugged him quickly. "Are you kidding? We’ve met through a library and Geekatism. This is terrific. You’re so on, buddy.“ Dean smirked, and Castiel’s heartbeat fastened. "Just gimme an example, and then let’s get started.“
The motel room was not worn out, but it bore no warmth or familiarity. The furniture was old-fashioned, faded, and the wallpaper was too garish, and offered no aesthetics to the eye. All in all, the room was cold and did not invite him to stay - and yet, at the moment, all he wanted was to be here. With Dean. Again he looked at him.
Castiel had not expected this. Now, he felt alone and lost for RambleOnIm67 had a girlfriend. The man he found so intriguing already had somebody in his life whom he adored dearly and whom he cared for. Somebody he called Baby.
The song told about his helplessness and the frustration and anger he felt when thinking about his father, let alone talk with him. But the song also gave him strength and hope, so much hope.
They ate of course, went for a walk, but other than that, they snogged so much, Dean’s jaw hurt. And he didn’t care, because it was Sunday and Cas‘ lips were so soft, and honestly, Dean was insatiable at his point. Cas got more eager with each kiss. He also was a quick learner, driving Dean crazy simply with his tongue and very talented and smooth hands. "Oh Cas, we’re gonna have so much fun,“ he murmured in between. "I’m gonna teach you everything, show you the ropes.“
You feel so much pain, worry about your brother, and yet he makes you feel guilty too. That is absolutely wrong. I don’t know what your father is telling your brother, and I probably can’t even fathom what else has happened in the past that has broken up your family like this. If you want to tell me about it, I’m here. I won’t judge you, I really won’t.
After they’d arrived at the destination, they walked to the path, which was steep, but provided an otherwise good path to the top of the rock. As they walked, Dean kept looking at Cas, who looked so good in his new clothes. Now, he looked like he belonged in nature.
Dean sat on the stool, feeling like a beast was ripping open his entire chest, clawing and tearing at his flesh until his heart would finally give up.
One saw the angel knocking on various doors, being a guest there, but not staying anywhere for long. One saw various conflicts, screams, insults, always amplified with lightning and huge flames in the background.
Sighing, Dean put out his phone, which he had bought like 5 years ago and didn’t even get security updates anymore. At least, the app was still working, as he noticed. After three attempts he finally remembered his password. He definitely hadn’t used a Vonnegut reference there, no, that would be too obvious. At first, he had to delete like 186 unnecessary notifications flooding his whole dashboard. Then he found the like Charlie had been talking about. It was in the so-called "meeting area“.
Meanwhile, Charlie had continued her babbling, apparently. "...are wasting your potential. I mean, being bi gives you two ponds to fish in. With facts like these I sometimes wished I was bi as well. Oh no, no, no. Forget I said that. Beautiful girls can’t be outdone.“
"You carried me,“ Dean noted, though he had originally wanted to ask a question.
“What happened to the trench coat?”
Then he did the cheesiest thing he could think of: He took a cookie with his name on it, fed Cas with it, and then ate one with Cas‘ name himself.
Dean had stripped himself bare with his words, had made himself vulnerable. This purity reminded Castiel of the day he had gripped his soul out of hell. He had seen the beauty of Dean’s soul and had never been the same since. Moreover, Castiel had gotten to known his mannerisms, his quirks, him even better over the years.
“You’re not exactly my type either. You’re too down to earth and too broody. Such a pining aura, I suppose.“ Anna shrugged and Dean frowned.
Had his eyes been this incredibly green all along? His eyes weren’t simply green. Rather, they were a sparkling, intense emerald green. The most beautiful eyes he’d ever seen, actually.
After that, they didn’t talk about Sam’s health, or rather only the bare necessities, since his illness was too often the only topic they talked about.
"You are wearing the ivy pendant,“ Cas said, and Dean could hear the joy in his voice.
In fact, he had scoured the Internet beforehand looking for activities. Like a tourist, he would spend this evening, he had firmly decided. Of course, he could have contacted Sam, but he didn’t have the energy for that at the moment.
"What do you want, Dean?“ he rephrased his question from before.
On this day, too, he was drawn out into nature again. The deeper he got, the more often he touched bushes and plants that gave way because of his resistance. The wind liberated his head and made the trees rustle. Snow trickled down on him, and he put his head in his neck to catch the flakes with his tongue.
It turned out that even with a love story, Cas could not or would not turn off his natural curiosity, his urge to question and understand things. First, he wanted to know why the British Prime Minister was so quick to neglect his duties. Cas said he was inclined to understand that the Prime Minister obviously found the young woman very attractive and fascinating, but the politicians he had observed were so different.
Working? What the hell was he talking about? Dean felt desperate and angry and lost, and then everything just broke out of him.
Songs mentioned/quoted:
Such physical contact had become natural between them in a very short time. The closeness felt so nice, Dean’s scent was masculine, tangy with nuances of something that reminded him of musk and at the same time also had something pleasantly lemony.
Cas shrugged and smiled at him. That adorable dork. Dean was so smitten with him, it was unreal. "I’m aware.“
Moreover, he wished that he could finally stop hiding, finally stop having to cover his identity from those who only wanted to harm him. That he would no longer have to leave this subject unspoken with his parents. That his urgent e-mail to the dean wouldn’t have been necessary. That he didn’t have to fear their upcoming appointment. All of this.
Suddenly, everything burst out of him, everything that had built up inside him over the last couple of days, months, years.
"Sure. But you deserve some fun. I’ll write you later.“
Theoretically, he knew exactly what he wanted to write, but he had to overcome boundaries, meaning himself.
“And the most wonderful creature is Andrea, I know.“ Dean laughed lustily and fiddled with the coaster. “I just don’t want to think too much right now, that’s all.“
Castiel liked listening to his breathing, he always had, especially when watching over him in his sleep. In the beginning, Dean had told him that he had found this behavior weird and creepy, but later on, he had never said anything about it when Castiel had sat on a chair by his side. And sometimes Castiel had imagined Dean actually liked his presence at night.
Meanwhile, Angel had sent him another cryptic message. Number 8. In the text, he kindly but firmly instructed him to go to a diner and order a coffee with caramel and a slice of apple pie with extra whipped cream. Well, that was really a damn easy task for a change. What’s more, both the coffee and the pie tasted so delicious that Dean had to restrain himself from groaning out loud.
Castiel tilted his head in confusion, whereupon Dean chuckled. He really had a warm and contagious laugh, Castiel noticed not for the first time.
Driving came so natural to him. Even the first time he’d sat in the driver’s seat, he’d sensed that he could do it. That this was his thing.
"You are in a better place,“ Castiel said.
"Yeah, that’s damn right.“ Dean shrugged, looked at Castiel and nodded. Then he nodded again. And once more. And again. He nodded so many times that Castiel lost count.
Dean’s heart burst into a thousand pieces. He felt anger, let out a long scream. Then one single, treacherous tear escaped his eye.
Also, Castiel really wanted to forget about his overwhelming and confusing feelings regarding RambleOnIm67 for a moment. Maybe approaching another man would help with that.
“Actually, I feel quite hot, too. But I simply wanted to distract you today. No other intentions. I would not use you like that.“
"Thank you, Cas.“ Dean fixated his gaze on him, suddenly feeling all soft and warm inside. "You don’t have to surprise me every day.“ He still didn’t look away, found comfort in watching the other. "But I’m glad you do ‘cause it feels nice to be valued like that. You’re amazing, you’re aware of that, right?“
I’m @dean-and-cas-at-the-sea on Tumblr, btw. :)
Symphony? Was the universe kidding him?
"You gotta be kidding me.“
He sent the message.
Soon, he had found the source of the call. A teenager, about 15 or 16, was sitting on her butt, one leg upright and slightly bent. The other leg was stretched out, so it was in the middle of a puddle. "Whoa!“ He threw his arms in the air, approaching her carefully. "Don’t be scared. I heard you calling.“
Many thoughts flashed through Castiel’s mind at once. RambleOnIm67 had been here recently, in this exact place.
I don't want to give away too much, but I suggest listening (at least) to the last song mentioned in this chapter. :)
Finally, Dean shook his head, decided he didn’t care about anything right now, and typed a message to Angel that he would probably regret later.
"Congratulations on the new hire. You’re seriously suggesting I ensnare your employee?“
"Hey,“ Dean whispered. "Hey. I know, I know. It’s overwhelming. I’ve only known for sure since your recent message about "Sun-Kissed".“
Dean coughed because, wow, Cas really knew how to make everything even more embarrassing. Peachy, just peachy.
"Dean?“
Lost in thought, he scrolled through his messages, replying to Bobby, who had also sent several anxious messages to him. As he did so, his father’s last message caught his eyes, inevitably.
Dean immediately tossed him one of his books and opened one of his own that he had apparently had taken with him. Although Dean always claimed not to like books, Castiel knew that he actually liked to read. Castiel had always admired Dean for his curiosity, his thirst for knowledge.
Why was his life like this? Why would his favorite author write a book that reminded him of Angel and their connection immediately? His heart clenched in his chest and he yearned for him so much that he thought about escaping this ordeal. But that was stupid. Today, Angel was busy with packing and appointments, anyway.
"Gotcha,“ Dean said, sounding on edge now, a little hurt maybe. Why was Dean hurt? Castiel didn’t like this sound, he wanted to heal the pain, although it was emotional. "Sorry, didn’t wanna offend you. Maybe I’m not the right guy to ask.“
"I need to piss,“ Dean said, and of course it was the ideal cue to escape. He was an idiot, such an idiot. He had been so close, so close to maybe kissing him. And now he was a coward again, and he hated himself for it.
He then put his hand on Dean’s very naked shoulder. The exact same spot where he’d grabbed him out of hell, Dean noticed. Where the hand print used to be. His breathing stopped. "I KNOW your soul, so don’t pretend I’m stupid,“ Cas hissed.
Again, Dean could just be stupid with Benny, and also vent his anger unfiltered for once. “There’s nothing to tell. Just a little annoyed because I’m not making as much progress with the cars as I’d hoped.“
"Dean, just shut up and eat some popcorn,“ Sam said angrily. "Cas was out for a walk with Alissia.“ Who the hell was Alissia? Dean felt a sting of jealousy. Cas shifted in his seat and didn’t say anything at all. Fantastic, that had to be a record. He had ruined the mood in thirty seconds. Sometimes he was such an asshole.
"I figured you would be devastated if you saw all the chopped up trees there, no longer in their natural habitat and doomed to, ya know, dry out and die, as soon as Christmas is over.“ Dean looked at Cas, who indeed gave a wince of pain. "So we’re driving to a tree farm and chop our own tree. How does that sound?“
As Cas patted his forearm tenderly, Dean took a deep breath. "I want you to have something. So you have a part of me with you always.“ His voice trailed off, and he didn’t even know what to say anymore.
At the same moment Dean also looked at him, almost seemed to be dumbstruck, and smirked. He raised his eyebrows, obviously amused. And happy?
He wanted to run, wanted to put his head underwater to scream for a few seconds, so nobody would hear him. To feel free. At the same time, Dean wanted to wrap his arms around his body, to stop himself from falling apart.
Dean was surprised because Hannah was so much friendlier than he had expected after her dismissive message to Cas at the day they had visited the book club.
That’s a real question. I’m curious. Ya know, as a teenager, a test established I had a very high IQ. Like, too high to be considered normal. Yeah. My dad was not amused, thought I was a freak. Honestly, I like being intelligent. Should not be considered a stigma if you ask me.
But he was weak, so weak, and maybe he just wanted to feel something good for a moment, to remind himself that he wasn’t completely shattered yet.
"What? It’s true. One can wait a bit. Or at least find a suitable place to do it.“ Even though he said it all so flippantly, he felt a little different with such a performance. He thought about Cas and about the fact that he was somehow distant. Other than that Cas was the perfect mixture of adorable and sexy. Again.
Cas, on the other hand, just smiled and stood up the next moment.
"I did.“
Enjoy! :)
Ultimately, Dean made his way back to the bunker. At first, he kept himself busy with Christmas preparations for a few hours, but then he was too tensed up. Too excited to see Cas again.
“ Dean furrowed his brows.
He frowned. Wait a minute.
They would exchange anecdotes. Dean would tell him about his books, fun facts about words he had learned, about his friends and about the last cars he had worked on, and Sam would tell about his chess meetings and his video games and also about topics like bioprocessing and biorobotics and everything else. It would be good.
"And I was right. Dean, I worry about you. A lot.“ Cas bit his frigging lips way too sexily for Dean’s taste, but then Dean hissed because Cas‘s lips started trembling. What the fuck was going on? Cas was not supposed to feel miserable, Dean was the failure. Not Cas. "I’m fine, Cas. The Mark’s gone. It’s all we wanted, right?“
"Smooth move, Cas, using a phone booth. Tell me one good reason why I shouldn’t hang up right now.“ Dean had no nerve for such a phone call. It was all too much. He didn’t want to talk to Cas, didn’t want to feel that pain anymore. And he didn’t want to think about how good it had felt between them.
Dean told her, "The rose may wither soon and lose its beauty but lemme tell you. You still have more radiance and energy than most of the women roaming these streets.“
Enjoy! :)
He cleared his throat briefly, moved closer to him as a matter of course, until their thighs touched. This innocent physical contact alone sent pleasant shivers all over his body.
And the night sky is star-bright, so star-bright with you
"Yes, it is an item from the Roman Empire, but that was not the reason I gave it to you.“
Next chapter will be online this Friday!
Time to be more open-minded, perhaps. He roamed through the house, whistling
Dean cursed something which unfortunately was not audible.
I found it extremely charming what you wrote about my angelic nature and your playlist. Yes, I would like to know the secret title of the playlist. On a side note: Maybe we will listen to this playlist together sometime. I can imagine it could enhance the probably already intimate and charged atmosphere.
"Cas,“ he breathed again and again into Cas‘ mouth. His body was tingling, from the top of his head to his toes. Then he felt Cas’s hands under his shirt, and suddenly he was naked from the waist up. His fingertips caressed his belly, continued upward, and then ran over his back. Dean moaned and leaned toward him, pushing him towards the bed where they continued the kissing.
"You mean because I have angel powers?“ Cas asked. Dean started growling, but then he saw the mischievous smile on Cas‘ mouth.
During his youth and especially his adulthood he had learned step by step to live with it. With all the ideas his brain developed. With the theories. With the questions that instead of answers only developed new questions. With the questions being sometimes answered only to transform into new, more complex questions once more.
"Cas? Cas is Angel? Dean!!“
"Coffee?“
Jeez. Speaking of unexpected.
It was the most absurd thing he had witnessed in a long time. He clenched his fists, had to use all his self-control again not to punch the guys in the face one by one. But he didn’t want to mess up this day, no, he couldn’t. Instead, another idea matured in him, a better one. He called the waitress over to order the bill, and at the same time placed a final food order.
Lately however, their behavior towards each other differed even more. The staring had gotten more intense, and Dean touched him more often, casually most of the time, for example on his shoulders or his back when he walked past him.
Only slowly did Castiel understand the absurdity of their situation. They had met in real life, found each other attractive, and quickly developed an inexplicable connection. Simultaneously, they had met on Geekatism and developed feelings for each other. Dean had turned Castiel down for AngelMuses, and Castiel had turned Dean down for RambleOnIm67. Therefore, they had turned each other down
"Dean, do you think I am attractive?“ he asked.
"I showed up here very spontaneously. And anyway, you’re the most interesting person here far and wide. And the way you look right now. Damn, I dunno you just have this Tony Stark in a navy-blue tee slash Colin Firth coming out of the lake vibe, at the moment." Castiel did not understand those references. The corners of the man’s mouth turned up.
“Okay,“ Dean simply said.
After hours of writing each other, Dean felt better, so much better. He didn’t fear so much, in fact, he felt carefree, almost rebellious. He knew this feeling wouldn’t last forever since the next day would be challenging and demanding. Still. It was a good moment for him, and he was glad he shared it with Angel. That they could cheer each other up like that. To provide strength.
The bartender set the whiskey down in front of him. "Slow down a bit, dude. You might still be capable, but I don’t wanna bring you to the hospital later. All right?“
Dean looked up, caught his gaze immediately and swallowed. "Yeah. I am. You did help with that, by the way. Other people in my life as well. And this guy I told you about. He’s very sensitive and gives me stuff to think about.“
When Castiel finally made himself comfortable in his apartment, another short message from RambleOnIm67 was waiting for him, only a few minutes old.
"I don’t remember exactly. I think I was around 21 years old, had only just started my senior year in college,“ Castiel replied, suddenly feeling nostalgic. It had been a wonderful trip. The last time they had spent time together without anger or haste or negative feelings. They had been away for a prolonged weekend and Castiel still kept their photos from that trip.
While the small flame danced before his eyes, he operated his phone’s camera with his other hand. He quickly snapped two photos. The bottle could just be glimpsed. In fact, the half-lit glass looked like magic from a fairy tale. Delicate, mystical, beautiful.
Then Dean was suddenly in front of him, pulling him up into an embrace, not a short one, but a long, intimate one.
When Dean arrived in Cleveland the next evening, the familiar stomach ache immediately set in. Thoughts, far too many thoughts flooded his mind and occupied him far too much.
I don't want to give away too much. I strongly suggest listening to "Stairway to Heaven" in the second part. Meaning, for Cas's message or at least for Dean's reaction. For me, it made everything more - tangible.
Bobby was right: He really should rest his mind for today. Normally, he read all kinds of books at night. Literature, academic essays, history books, sometimes trivial literature to let his thoughts come to rest. Sometimes he even spent whole nights finding out the origin of a word which couldn’t leave his mind. Yeah, he really was incorrigible. In the mornings, he was so tired that he needed much coffee to get up. But he didn’t mind because he did things he loved.
Outside his front door, Castiel remembered that there was something else he had wanted to ask Dean. Something essential.
AngelMuses had already written
"But I know I want you. I’ve wanted you for years, but I couldn’t admit it to myself. I really thought you would get how I feel. That I l... how you changed me. We are good together, ya know.“
The man grinned wryly, shrugging his shoulders. "Got me there. Wasn’t my best day. I did find you damn interesting, though.“ Castiel thought he saw a slight blush on the other’s face. Somehow the man’s direct manner held a fascination for him.
He closed his eyes, saw tousled black hair in front of him, the attractive profile he had studied so often on Angel’s profile. And now he saw blue eyes, Cas’s eyes, so clear and distinct, as if he never looked at anything else.
"Aren’t you gonna say anything?“
Perplexed, Cas studied his features, apparently not knowing how to deal with the sudden talkativeness.
Then finally, after a few not-so-spontaneous seconds, during which a strange tingling sensation like a roller coaster ride had spread through his stomach, it occurred to him - the appropriate retort.
"It’s all right, Hanna, you don’t have to go all karate kid.“
Oh, dear Lord. This was- He couldn’t, couldn’t, shouldn’t think anymore.
“I feel so boring with my job as a mechanic,“ Dean interjected after a while, winking.
As a profile picture Castiel used a photo Gabriel had taken of him a while back. One could see his hair and his profile, but only part of it. He was looking at the sky. He liked this picture a lot, and concerning recognition it should be fine. Finally, he got a confirmation email, logged in and searched for the user "RambleOnIm67“.
When he felt bad, Charlie hugged him, Bobby did. Nevertheless, he couldn’t accept or bear their hugs for long, most of the time. He always felt he didn’t deserve the comfort, the touch. Because he wasn’t supposed to feel weak.
"Yeah, sure, the text. I just didn’t realize you were this close to Lebanon, man. Could’ve called yesterday. I would’ve, you know, prepared the… scratch that.“
“I’ll handle this. You drive home and fix your car. I will be back home later. Trust me.” Cas eyed him urgently, kissed him, and took a few steps back.
"Dean, this is not your fault. And you’re strong for you handled and processed this. You’re brave and you’re caring and you’re smart and you’re funny. And you’re here, more exceptional than ever. And your father cannot take this away from you. You’re a better man. Many universes better. You’re astonishing. And I’m so happy about all of this between us. That you share your thoughts and memories with me, even the ones that are hurtful.“
"You what?“
He inhaled, pinching his nose. He kissed Cas‘ forehead and murmured, almost toneless, "You’re the one, Cas. The only one.“
They had always listened to an audio cassette of "He Ain’t Heavy He’s My Brother“ by The Hollies, and sung along out of tune and with the wrong lyrics. Today, the song gave him the best childhood memories.
"Who knows,“ Dean replied, taking a sip of cocoa. After that, they ate in silence until Sam hastily turned on his cup. "So, the shopping is waiting. I can’t leave Cas and you gift-free on Christmas, can I?“ Dean choked on his hot drink and had a coughing fit, which Hanna tried to settle with vigorous pounding.
"Ditto,“ Castiel muttered indignantly, but also adoringly whereupon Dean chuckled lustily. This perfect sound buzzed in the air, flying directly into Castiel and warming him from the inside.
Cas smiled and said the words Dean had been longing to hear. "Of course, Dean. I’ll watch over you.“
Castiel shook his head in disbelief. RambleOnIm67 was so amusing. He could not stop laughing anymore. He felt all giddy and goofy all of a sudden.
"Good things do happen, Dean,“ Cas said and repeated his words from a decade ago. Dean laughed bitterly, rolled off Cas‘ lap, and was on the verge to give Cas his old response. It would be so easy to fall back into his old patterns, only saying again, "Not in my experience.“ They could shut up about his feelings, and Dean, he could go on with his life like before.
After the visit Dean needed all the distraction he could get. First, he went to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. He’d been there a few times before, but this didn’t mean he wouldn’t want to visit the museum even more often.
He wandered through the various floors, lingering on the third floor, the actual Hall of Fame, studying the exhibits, large pictures on the walls, reading the texts. Not only that, but he naturally spent a particularly long time at Led Zeppelin, remembering how, for example, Stairway to Heaven had created a connection between him and Angel so early on.
He drifted off to sleep and in these moments he was fairly certain there’d be no nightmares for a change.
When Dean lifted his gaze again, his face looked exhausted. "Hey, let’s celebrate the right way, then. I’m gonna get us something appropriate to drink.“
It wasn’t possible. Where was the hidden camera?
Now Charlie had this smug look on her face which – damn – couldn’t mean anything good. "To me? Ah well, that’s negligible. You’re an amazing friend. To the world? Dude, don’t even get me started. For one thing-“ She raised her thumb dramatically whereupon Dean rolled his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose.
"Buddy, you’re literally the best thing that’s ever happened to me.“ Okay. Weird. Not the best thing to say so soon. "You know that. And don’t tell me anything about regret. The only thing I regret is that I didn’t punch 'em when I had the chance. I was angry at them, not
I know it's been a long time since the last update, and I'm truly sorry for that. Life preoccupied or rather overwhelmed me, and that's not an exaggeration. Anyway. Things are good now.
Although many people came here because they were in need, they always had a friendly smile for the others. Apparently, his appearance had not gone unnoticed despite the hustle and bustle because now a young woman was walking toward him.
“ Holy crap. Delete immediately.
"Footloose" by Kenny Loggins (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kK2hpeqkYjA)
As he quickly became accustomed to the activity, he automatically noticed Dean’s behavior more clearly. He was open and boosting with energy, and he greeted every visitor with a friendly "Hiya“ or "Hey“. What particularly struck Castiel, however, were Dean’s accompanying comments.
And then a tear rolled down his cheek again, another unmistakable proof that he couldn’t fool himself. The only person who made his heart trip, the only person he desired, was Dean.
"What do you want from me, Dean?“ Castiel demanded.
Dean, grabbing Cas‘ back even tighter, now climbed on his lap and enclosed his hips with his thighs. And he didn’t care it was too much for his body and heart, although he was already so hard it ached. He wanted to sense everything, wanted to cherish Cas. He shifted his full weight on Cas‘ body and kissed Cas as if his life depended on it. Damn, the memory foam excelled at this point. Dean planted gentle kisses on Cas‘ forehead, his nose, his cheeks, his mouth. Then he French-kissed him again.
"Retiring?“
"Ya think? That’s- Well, that’s awesome.“ Dean’s laughter lines came out even more clearly, and he whistled to the tune of "Ramble On“. Then he sang along softly.
Sighing, he dropped onto a bench, completely lost in thought.
"It’s my turn today,“ Dean announced. At Cas‘ confused expression, he added, "Surprising you. I have the whole day planned out. You’ll see.“
“Being an author obviously gives you a whole different sense of self. Never thought you could wrap a guy around your finger so quickly when you put your mind to it.” Ouch. This cynical undertone had not escaped Dean’s attention. Clearly there was some tension in the air here after all. “Trust me. With Dean and me, it’s all very different. And that’s a good, no, a miraculous thing. Besides, I’m going to make sure it stays that way.” Demonstratively, Cas grabbed his hand and stroked the back of his hand. Dean felt superb at his words.
On the surface, the quote spoke of parting, but it also expressed hope. Juliet called it a sweet sorrow for a reason, and the quote described the joy of the morning. The moment when RambleOnIm67 would write to him again, apparently.
Grumbling, he pulled on a pair of jeans and a T-shirt. Outside, he was met with an unusual sight. Hanna, dressed in his clothes, was standing in the entryway talking to Sam, who looked somewhat confused.
Castiel sighed, the sound quickly turning into a groan, and then he returned the kiss, moving his hands over Dean’s upper body until they came to rest in Dean’s neck. Dean hummed softly when Castiel touched him there which caused him to kiss Dean even more deeply.
He sighed and sent another message.
"That’s the right decision. Get ready, then I’ll take you to the station. I’ll pay for your ticket.“ Together they cleared the table, and Hanna packed her dry things into her backpack.
He had breakfast with Gabriel, engaged in an amusing and delightful conversation with him. Then he headed to college where he was going to do some research anyway.
He pressed his lips against Cas’s and kissed him. It was a short kiss. Gentle, featherlike, testing. Perfect.
By now, Dean was in a kind of trance, unable to do anything except surrender to Cas‘ touch. Carefully but firmly Cas pulled down his pants, whistling appreciatively at the sight of his legs. And that simple sound turned Dean on so much it made him dizzy. Cas desired him. Him.
He shook his head, intertwined Cas‘ hand with his and stroked the back of his hand again and again out of habit, as he always did to calm himself down.
"Dream On" by Aerosmith (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=89dGC8de0CA)
Son of a bitch. Dean had to do something other than stare and think and pine.
Experiencing the feeling that someone was there gave him more self-assurance. Dean trusted Cas, and he could share his doubts and worries with him. Could it really be that simple? He continued to fight against the bad memories, made himself aware again and again that Cas would not suddenly disappear.
Normally, Dean would’ve loved to roam around Downtown a bit longer. They could’ve indulged in window-shopping while passing the numerous stores and galleries that existed here. Moreover, he would’ve enjoyed visiting the Portland Head Light with Cas, and to sit on a picnic bench in Fort Williams Park with him. Probably tugged in warm clothes, and being forced to withstand the wind which could be heavy there, but was also responsible for wild waves crashing onto the coastline and creating some spectacular sights. Then again, this trip would be better in spring, he thought, when the temperatures were higher and the flowers blossomed.
He pressed send, and a few seconds later his stupid battery died. Sure, what else. He sighed, putting the phone away. At least he had figured this out, and Angel would answer him. Dean really wanted to read a new message from him. Another long message.
"This is a nice lunch,“ Cas said. "I’d like to continue our conversation. And deepen our philosophy about kissing.“ Dean tried to look as casual as possible, failed miserably at it, because his heart was beating way too fast again.
Finally, he patted Cas’s shoulder briefly, calmed down a bit and then drove on. He knew it could not go on like this. However, the prospect of not being able to see Cas every day after Christmas made him want to enjoy every moment with him even more. To perceive his scent even more intensely, to absorb every smile from him.
Dean put his head back now and stared at the night sky. He enjoyed the almost magical atmosphere that had set in. In the morning, there had been the stress of the last few days and the annoyance of his nightmares. All that had vanished.
"Dean,“ he mouthed. "Dean.“
"We don’t have to play it if you find it stupid.“
"No. Of course not.“ Dean paused, not knowing how to continue. Normally, he didn’t carry his most sincere feelings to the outside, at least not the good ones. He was an expert to bury everything deep inside. But it was different with Cas, it had been since the very beginning.
Dean had to get out of here. Cas had never intended to stay here. To stay with him. Because Dean was poison. He was too broken and messed up. Cas had been looking for a way to remove his flaws, his more human, sentient traits. The situation was simply too much for Dean.
Dean opened the driver’s door and got out. As if in a trance, Castiel did the same and approached Dean, who looked at him with so much warmth that Castiel’s entire existence was turned completely upside down within those few seconds.
The drive into the city went smoothly, with traffic jams and construction sites only slightly impeding progress. Listening to
"Okay.“ Dean rubbed the back of his neck. "So- um. When I invited you, the original plan was only to drive around for bit, grab something to eat and visit the concert. Be home at night. I kinda enhanced the trip, though, as soon as I knew that you were my angel.“
He didn’t feel uncomfortable singing in Cas‘ presence, because it was Cas. He wouldn’t make fun of him. The guy surprised him every day, literally, so there was nothing to worry about.
"The scenario in which we cuddle and make out all night and fall asleep spooning.“
"Ya remember the night before I left to visit my brother? When we chatted so damn much?“
Castiel sighed again. The last hour had not gone to his liking. He looked at the clock on the wall. Gabriel had insisted on coming to his party, literally begged him to accompany him, and already he was gone, going about his business. Whatever that meant. This was not how he had imagined it.
"I’m an angel.“
No, definitely not, but Dean would stay out of his way at all costs.
So thrilled you liked the movies! (The image of you buying a TV is fucking cute.) Are ya up for another movie? Of course you are. :-) (By now, you’ve probably realized I’m using more emoticons with every message, huh? Yeah, I’m getting used to that. Ain’t the emoticons guy, but it helps with the flirting via text.)
In between, Dean turned a bit to look directly at Cas, wanting to know what was going on inside him. Cas beside him was silent, absorbing all the details thoroughly. And Dean’s heart swelled when he saw the gleam in Cas’s eyes and his rosy cheeks. Damn. While they waited, Cas told him more about his students. In doing so, he spoke about them with such warmth and pride that Dean resolved to attend a lecture of his as a guest someday.
Dean’s body shook violently, and every step was agony. The wind whipped around his ears, and dirt swirled up under his feet. After only a few minutes, his trouser legs were full of dirt, but he didn’t waste a thought on it. Breathing heavily and with burning eyes he ran on. He tried to run away from his yearning. Cas was still gone, and he couldn’t handle it – at all.
He was always striving for control, orderly processes, lost all orientation, if he did not have the next target, the next hunt in sight. With Cas, however, this no longer played a role. The way he looked at Dean drove him crazy. Never had a person looked at him with such desire, listened to him with such admiration and attention. It was as if Cas could see right through his facade.
Second, he thought about the things he and Angel had written each other. Basically, they had both written they found the other more beautiful with every aspect they learned.
Number 12 consisted of a strange acrobatic act where he was supposed to jump over benches, while task 13 involved a rose which he purchased from a rose vendor and placed in the hand of an elderly lady with a charming smile and a small compliment.
The cold laughter inside him grew stronger as he fought unconsciousness. His veins froze in a matter of seconds before getting filled with venom.
"I swear to God, Charlie, you are so exhausting,“ Dean complained, before tugging the phone away. He couldn’t read this message here, and decided not to tell Charlie about this development for the time being. Right now, he wasn’t even sure he’d read the message at all. Maybe that would be best, he was too occupied with other stuff anyway. Finally, they decided to visit the castle after all.
Sam, Dean and Cas enjoy a peaceful Christmas Eve with movies, snow and a dinner. On the verge to December 25 essential truths are given. Cas confesses his love to Dean.
"One of us names a more or less famous quote from Latin speech or literature. The other has to name the author within 30 seconds and name a quote that begins with the last letter of the previous quote.“
Holy shit.
"Wanna go back?“ he said deliberately uninvolved. Cas tilted his head a bit, nodded and walked up to him.
"I don’t know what...“ Cas put his hand on Dean’s mouth, using more pressure the more often Dean tried to say something. Dean growled, but he sounded more like a yelping dog which hadn’t been outside for some hours.
"You’re pretty snarky today,“ Dean remarked at one point. He wet his finger and flipped to the next page. Castiel snorted. "Are you seriously surprised? You made it abundantly clear the last time we met that you had no interest in having me in your life any longer. I assumed my distant behavior was in your best interest.“ He spoke in a very stilted way, which itself stung him. That was his protective attitude now, and Dean had brought this on himself.
Although Cas had already told him so much about himself, some parts of his life remained a mystery to him. Boston was like a red rag. Dean knew how much homophobia Cas had faced here. From his parents, from his old job. Probably from many more people around him. He had come out of the closet, breaking up his relationship. He knew all that. Dean followed his gaze. Cas was staring at a man. A very good-looking man. It was completely irrational, but Dean immediately felt the stab of jealousy. Who was this guy?
"So, the answer is Socrates. And for the next quote, starting with the letter 'e', I’d give you, '
No, he didn’t want Dean to suffer. But he didn’t want Dean to inflict any on him either. His breathing quickened, and Castiel wanted to scream because he hated not being able to control this feeling, this powerlessness.
"I left them a letter, ain’t all shit. They think I’m with a chat friend. They know her, so it’s all good. And Ela’s covering for me.“ She set the cup on the floor, groaning again. "Honestly, I didn’t think of it on my own.“
I will give you some details about me as well. I’m 6"1, have brown hair (as you can see), green eyes. I like my lips. People tell me I’m handsome and fuckable, but that’s definitely not what I wanna establish here (like I said: objectification sucked in the past). I’m pretty normal. One tattoo, might tell you about that one another time. No piercings, several scars (some smaller, some bigger). Am rather muscular, but not the bodybuilding type. I dunno. Should be enough for now.
The last note read, "
And then Dean kissed him.
"So,“ he said, smirking cheekily at Cas. "You and me, huh?“
He didn’t care because all he could notice was Cas‘ adoring look and the way he watched him – again – like he discovered him for the first time. "I see you. Always. It doesn’t matter if you’re covered in blood, or dirt or self-hatred.“ Dean looked away then, coughing loudly.
In fact, he really didn’t think their relationship was in any shape to philosophize about great times over lemonade, cucumber water, or a beer.
"Dean, you’re so fucking weird sometimes.“ Sam guffawed. Crap, had he really said that out loud? Dean wanted to bang his head on the kitchen table so badly, but then he decided to not give a damn because this was a fact and something the world was supposed to know.
"I think you should consider marrying him.“ Dean was dumbstruck. "Just saying.“
When they went in, Cas put a hand on his back, as if to guide him safely inside. Even that small gesture set off a tingle inside him.
At this point, Dean just lost it because he had not the slightest clue why somebody would register for a community he didn’t even know the basics for. He couldn’t stop laughing, he cackled and didn’t care anymore that persons would probably notice their strange behavior. The guy had to know he was hilarious, right?
What was he trying to tell him?
Then Dean took a deep breath, pinched the bridge of his nose as if to remember he was in the present right now. He sat down on the end of the bed, too many inches separated them.
"And how, that book series is insane. At the time, I actually stole it from my sister because she was being annoying again. I thought if I hid it, she’d went ballistic and start crying or something. But then one day after homework I was so incredibly bored, there was nothing on TV, and I read a few pages. And I don’t usually read books, way too boring.“ Dean smirked a little at her outburst. He liked the girl.
Dean was in a bad mood. It was 5 am on the first of December, and he was already awake due to another nightmare. He stared at the ceiling, headphones on and tried to fall asleep again. It was in vain, he knew that, but he had to try for his health’s sake.
Immediately, he thought back to the day of his early de-registration. He had come home, closed the door behind him, and just cried for three hours. He had sat on the floor, his head turned toward the door, alternately looking back and forth between the door and the wall of the house over and over again, as if staring alone could offer him a way out of this misery. As if the future he had just thrown away was still visible in the fibers of the wood.
The dancing was hot and passionate. Any other description would have been wrong. After the first songs which were more upbeat and faster like "Feel So Close" by Calvin Harris, their already small distance dissolved into thin air. Their thighs intertwined with each other as if of their own accord, and they moved to the beat of the music. It was a very tranquil, yet sensual song by this band, The xx, stirring him up with lines like "
to himself as it always calmed him down.
Anyway, I turned the bottle, and it landed on him, of all people. You may need to know that there were many women present. The probability that I would kiss a man, of all men, was low. In addition, it was bad luck anyway that the party was already under so much alcohol influence at this point (not from my side, I drink but rather in moderation) that people became sillier as if by themselves.
Dean yelled a vehement "No!“ and made a dismissive hand movement. He giggled a little because the pullover really was made for Cas. Maybe he needed more of those cozy pullovers.
Dean kissed him like he had been in the desert for months, without food and water and with the glaring heat long since having become part of him. He felt this urge, this hunger he’d never felt before. And kissing, kissing was such a turn on, he noticed. Jeez. How could it be hotter than sex? How could he already be half-aroused now?
Once again, Castiel welcomed his decision to hire Crowley as his personal assistant at that time. This was mainly because Crowley had acquired indispensable skills over the years and had even become his agent meanwhile. For this, Castiel lacked the organizational talent and penetration.
"Thank you.“
Instead, he lay in an uncomfortable hotel bed, pondering whether he should write Dean a text saying he wouldn’t make it in time for their appointment. His upbringing dictated that he informed a friend of the circumstances; on the other hand, Dean had explained to him at the time that the trip was not a compulsion, but that he would either show up or not.
A few minutes later, he poured the cocoa into a cup, made himself one too, and knocked on the door. "Hanna, I’m coming in now.“
Condition? It’s not like he was a machine or a woman in labour.
Dean nodded again and muttered an "I know“ that involved so much more than the simple fact that Bobby was trying to help him with a potential dating problem.
"Cas, what is this? And don’t tell me it’s car wax 'cause I got eyes and can damn well see that.“
He thought about using his finger for a split second. Since Sam was here and Dean wasn’t sure if he could handle the sensuality, he took the spoon instead and scraped out some dough. "Open your cakehole,“ he said and put the spoon directly in Cas‘ mouth. Cas licked his lips in a way that should be forbidden and smiled. "You’re right, it tastes delicious. I didn’t expect to taste anything but molecules.“ The fact Cas could actually taste the dough for some reason made Dean incredibly contented. He felt even more connected to him somehow.
Apparently he’d lost control of the corners of his mouth now, because they kept darting upward no matter how hard he fought it. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.
Dean made an angry sound, and Castiel’s entire body tensed. "You can tell me anything. I’m your best friend, ain’t I?“
He listened to some louder rock and heavy metal songs in the beginning, and then “I remember you“ by Skid Row came up. The song had a fucking good arrangement with the guitar riffs and drums, nonetheless, the lyrics stuck to him the most at this moment. He listened to song while closing his eyes.
I don’t know whether you have watched it, but it is about the life of a homosexual man after he has lost his true love, showing glimpses of their past. Moreover, it portrays the struggles and emotional development of the protagonist very well. It has also hopeful tones despite the tragic. This movie certainly stuck with me. The ending is bittersweet and brought me to tears.
Angel had said Dean should look for a person who had the warmest and most intriguing aura, but seemed the most lost. After she had weighed the rose in her hand for a few seconds, the lady looked at him with a mixture between curiosity, wonder and joy.
He fell on his knees once, hence, there were two large holes in his pants. He approached the small ledge that hid a passage. The passage was tiny and just big enough to crawl through. At the other end, his eyes immediately fell on a small valley. A short distance to their left was the narrow passage that led to another rock. He took Cas’s hand, and they walked on.
"Right To Be Wrong“ by Joss Stone (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xHVSptF3_G8)
Then, I wanna recommend another movie which brought me much comfort in the past and is so beautiful regarding the story-telling but also the animation. It’s not a very manly film, but frankly I don’t give a shit. I mean, we’re on Geekatism after all. It’s called "Castle In The Sky" and just magical.
Cas had tried to tell him he wanted more than their friendship, and Dean still had doubts. No one would do all this stuff if they didn’t want more. And then everything broke out of him, all his thoughts and doubts, and he couldn’t stop himself anymore.
"What’s wrong? Talk to me, man.“
Six persons immediately hang up when he called them, and Dean couldn’t blame them for it.
Dean sniffled, clenching his fists because every fiber of his body was shaking. He trembled with rage, wanted to scream and felt the urge to ice some monster on a hunt.
I hope you like the first part. I had fun writing it. :)
In the background there was a rumbling as if Dean had thrown something across the room. Another loud clash was audible.
With each message Castiel found, understanding seeped deeper into his consciousness. RambleOnIm67 didn’t have a girlfriend, but apparently had a special bond with his car. That warmed his heart.
Dean almost yelled at him that he sure as hell sensed his damn smooth skin, but instead, he concentrated on the soil under his fingers. "It feels so loose, almost soft,“ Dean tried to put his observations into words.
Dean growled. “Did you check with Charlie? She’s already started on that subject, too. To hear you guys talk, you’d think fucking is the solution to everything.“
"I know that, Dean,“ Cas replied indignantly. "I only wanted to do something nice for you as well. You invited me to this trip and are so generous and sweet.“
Dean threw the cashmere pullover towards Cas who caught it without effort.
You got me floating, you got me flying" -> from the song "This Kiss" by Faith Hill
Had she just seriously asked her son in a roundabout way if he fucked him? She had some nerve. They were in the middle of a bookstore, where her son had just read some pretty intense scenes between men. And she still asked this as if being attracted to guys was some invention by aliens. Oh God, this situation was so absurd, so unbelievably absurd, that he had to laugh out loud. Immediately all eyes landed on him.
As the waves were crashing on the sand bed, Dean inhaled deeply. He loved the sea at this time of day. Wild and unpredictable, yet also captivating and comforting. Like every day the sea greeted them with her familiar rushing and murmuring. Dean smiled, feeling completely calm.
"That so?“ Green Eyes grinned and patted himself with one hand. Castiel snorted and shook his head in disbelief. The other tilted his head to the side, studying Castiel’s features as if he were a fascinating exhibit. "Yet you were so perfectly civilized and affable just now,“ the other remarked. "So now it throws me off a bit when you’re a little off your game.“
The entire event was estimated to take two to three hours, and Cas was already hinting at needing at least an hour and a half to read. Dean thought of how Cas had so often managed to win him over in conversation. He had never doubted that he was a good teacher. And yet, here in the bookstore, he presented a different sight. He looked happy, obviously completely in his element.
"I disagree,“ Cas said, and then he fucking winked at him. This guy was so off limits for everyone – except for Dean.
The next song “Just Like Heaven“ by The Cure immediately got into his blood, and Dean laughed so freely, and laughed even more when he saw Cas’s adorable smile, and in those minutes he shoved the guilty conscience about his uplifted mood into a drawer way back in his head.
"Cas, don’t get me wrong, I’m frigging thrilled to meet you again, after all,“ Dean said, smirking a little. "But how did you find me?“
"Something happened. He panicked. I’m sure he’ll think of something romantic to reach out to you again. I mean you two are so sweet with each other, it’s disgusting.“
Although more tears were running down his cheeks by the second, he knew these were good tears. Cleansing tears. He was crying because something was releasing inside him.
Dean grinned. "You are even as socially awkward and sincere as him. I dunno what that says about me and my social contacts. Never mind, wasn’t meant negatively. At all. Oh, and I appreciate your kindness, it’s awesome to witness.Dunno, you just have a thing or two in common with him, I guess. Some day, I gotta put you two in a room and just watch the chaos unfold.“
After a few feet, they reached the car and Dean carefully hoisted her into the passenger seat. She made a choking noise, apparently on the verge of throwing up.
His subsequent office hours went very well. He would make one student in particular pleased with today’s talk. Castiel sat behind his desk and pointed to the chair in front of him. "Why don’t you sit down?“ Silently, she did as she was told, twirling a strand of hair between her fingers.
“This one’s different than the other mixtape,“ he said. "Listen-“ Dean interrupted himself. "Ah, screw this,“ he cursed and ran off to his room for a minute. He could do this in person, he could do this.
"You fainted, and you were freezing, so cold. I was worried. I didn’t know what else to do, so I brought you here.“
Dean hummed in his sleep, and for a moment Castiel wished he could still look into Dean’s dreams. Visit him there, even if in reality he was somewhere else entirely, not with him. Furthermore, Castiel wished he could still hear Dean’s prayers, feel the yearning Dean sometimes displayed in them because Castiel always pretended it was for him.  Castiel’s arm rested on Dean’s chest as Dean continued to breathe quietly. He liked to experience this peaceful side of Dean, to witness him when he wasn’t full of worry for once.
Then his eyes flickered over himself. He pressed his lips together, kneading his hands.
At first Cas’s look was a bit incredulous, until he pressed the bee to his upper body and hummed to himself.
"Agreed,“ he replied, as if Castiel seriously expected an answer to this question. He obviously belonged to the mischievous sort of man, assumed to draw him out with a few snappy remarks. Castiel drank a few sips and pondered over the last few hours.
"Your new system is working fine, by the way,“ Eileen remarked at one point. "We’re much more efficient now.“ Dean grinned with satisfaction and patted himself on the back. "See?“ he said, turning to Cas, who narrowed his eyes.
"Nah, I’m really interested.“ Couldn’t he keep his mouth shut for once? Castiel looked back and forth between the guy and the beer in his hand. Maybe he was drunk. That would explain why he was undeterred by his grumpiness.
After dinner, they sat in front of the Christmas tree, telling each other anecdotes. Although Cas had mentioned often enough that his time as heaven’s soldier hadn’t been that much "fun“, he knew a lot of stories which made Dean smile.
"Dean,“ he only whispered softly in his ear, closing his eyes again, hoping that it would allow him to hear all that he was currently unable to say. Another kiss developed between them now, less innocent than the kisses before, but very demanding.
“Oh, I know it’s about a woman, no wait, a guy. And believe me, I’m going to call you penetratingly in the next few days, and if need be, I’m going to be at your doorstep until you tell me which guy has turned your fucking head like that.“
"Are you kidding me? Your parents are so- they shouldn’t judge you this way. This was your reading. You read from a gay novel, and they still had this dismissive attitude towards you. Not exactly supportive.“
What information was he missing?
Later that night, Dean spooned Cas, breathing sweet things into his neck. His ears. His hair. His neck again. With every word Cas pulled him closer, ever closer, and sighed happily. Dean pressed his face between Cas‘ shoulder blades, and felt so secure. Calm.
"You like them.“
“You can do it, dude. You’ve got this figured out. Take your mind off it. Get some exercise, get laid.“
Dean only took a quick shower because Cas had insisted to still wash his hair. Indeed, he washed his hair so thoroughly and tenderly Dean gulped more than once. Then Cas even shaved him, and Dean couldn’t believe his luck. Cas really was set on this mission to do anything to make Dean happy.
Suddenly Dean bit his lip gently, and now there was no fire, it was fireworks. Castiel purred. He couldn’t help it.
"Oh, so you’ve maintained your wits. Good to know.“ Dean could hear the smirk coming from Gabriel’s voice and wondered what they were actually talking about here.
"You were having the time of your life, you only had eyes for her. She likes you. It’s just a matter of time.“ What was he getting at? Dean’s features had hardened, the way he always looked when he was highly enraged. "I don’t know if I would call that amusing, fitting in, trying to blend in. That was your intention, wasn’t it?“
