Sherlock swallowed. “Yes,” he choked out.
She watched, through the scope, as Holmes walked up the path of the ugly little bungalow. The door opened, and she lifted the rifle to her shoulder.
"I am aware," he said. "It's supposed to be green."
"Of course. We both share a bond with our mother, as well," he said. "Another type is the spousal bond. It's much deeper and more complex than a familial bond. It allows full awareness of each partner's emotions and surface thoughts. And then there is the t'hy'la bond."
John nodded, no hesitation. So serious and so trusting; Sherlock was nearly breathless with it. He swallowed and raised his hand to John's meld points, and the human closed his eyes.
"Any substances fatal to your species, dietary needs, what your baseline readouts are supposed to be, that sort of thing. If you get in a medical emergency, Sherlock, I need to know how to treat you."
His wedding meld with John had been a sunburst of sensation, an explosion of feeling and emotion. It caught him like a tidal wave, like a supernova. Completely unprepared and incapable of defense, helpless to do anything but just sit there and feel it.
"For you?" John asked. "Or for those around you?"
block a spousal bond?"
"Does this seem like the sort of thing your brother would do? Send an assassin to trail you?"
John thought. Wrong, because a hit isn't instant. Because John cases his targets and figures out what he's getting into first. No diving in blindly.
simpler." He cast a glance down at his tied-off arm. "I'm sure you'll even find some way to rationalize the green blood."
They arrived at her flat to find that her son Luke was apparently used to being left alone for long periods of time-- though never to this degree-- and had been dutifully going to school and living off frozen dinners for the past two days. He seemed to at least be wary of strange men showing up at his door, and would only talk to them through the keyhole, and only after they had promised they weren't cops.
Sherlock hesitated. He shook his head. "I don't have time for--"
"Okay. First of all, the threat of mind control is in no way reassuring. Second of all, I get the feeling that that's the same thing you tried to do when I found the leaking gallbladder next to the carrots, and it didn't work at all. 'Soothing vibes' aren't going to magic away my PTSD."
he said.
"Sherlock, I don't have any-- I can't just-- Oh, fuck you," he said. He had no choice, really. No one was on their way and Sherlock was bleeding profusely, the graze on his arm gushing dark fluid that John could barely see in the night. It seemed, oddly, too hot. John frowned. He had no clue what that meant, but it definitely wasn't anything good.
John stopped walking.
He didn't even
Sherlock is in the living room, surrounded by three police officers, one of whom John recognizes as his main contact with the Yard, a Detective Inspector Lestrade.
Sherlock plucked a date out of the fruit bowl and went back to his microscope. "Don't think I don't know what you're doing," he said. "And it's just water and dates, by the way. I won't let you coerce me into an unnecessarily heavy iftar on top of the dinner you're going to force me to eat later."
People weren't panicking. The newspapers hadn't nicknamed the killer, and Sherlock had been very sternly forbidden from offering them suggestions a long time ago. This type of killer, though, this egotistical vigilante, the exhibitionist who left a signature, he wouldn't quit until the whole city spoke of him. He wanted to be feared, loved, adored. Praised and vindicated, a whispered-about horror story for those who 'weren't doing right,' in his eyes.
"Sherlock, why is your blood green?"
He sighed. "Victim-- male, late teens to early twenties, carrying no ID but plenty of drugs. Stabbed about a dozen times. Think the one to his heart was what did him in. No blows to the neck this time, and it would have been a much slower death. Estimate time of death between eleven and three A.M."
The other officers on the scene had essentially shrugged and moved on. Anderson came stumbling out of a side hallway not ten minutes later, holding his head and claiming assault.
"Why is Holmes still alive?"
"No. He lives in London at 221B Baker Street. Some martial arts training, but nothing noteworthy. Our last intel says he owns no weapons. He's a civilian; it should be simple enough. I believe that's all you need to know."
It wasn't that he was against the idea of bonding with John. God no. To have a constant link to his mind, to know absolutely everything about him... Sherlock wanted that more than anything.
The royal family stood in the center of the paved cobblestone road, about thirty feet back from the gates. They murmured quietly amongst themselves, and John was valiantly not eavesdropping, while he and the two other stablehands were focusing all of their efforts into not fidgeting or shifting too much during this, the world's longest wait.
Sherlock spends about fifteen minutes (it feels like-- time is wobbly in a mindmeld) attacking the idea that what they do is in any way, shape, or form
Some clients wanted him to deliver a final, parting message to the deceased. Others wanted some sentimental token given-- a wedding ring, a certain type of flower. From what John had heard, the professor had quite a flair for the dramatic.
It was a novel idea, introducing a future sovereign to his people. Usually, a crown prince or princess stayed at their family seat until they came of age, and knew only what their books said of their kingdom, and met only the nobles high and lofty enough to be invited to the royal court on occasion. Queen Violet's decision to send her son out to see all his lands and meet all his people and learn the realities of their lives, as it were, was met with scorn and scandalization by the more traditional nobles. There were wild rumors flying about-- that the crown prince would be killed, robbed, returned half-dead and never the same, that the common man would melt his brain with their barbarism and sinful magical practices, that he would come back as a feral half-wolf, as God only knew what horrors lurked in the countryside.
"Language, John, it's Ramadan."
"I won't tell anyone."
"My blood is naturally green."
Sherlock's body was not going to be found gunned down in an alley as if some common criminal had mugged him. No. He would be found laying in bed with a bullet in the brain, clearly assassinated as part of a much larger ploy. He deserved for his work and intellect to be acknowledged in his death. He deserved a good death.
"Ah, but you don't know for sure."
John sat back and sipped his tea.
They're chasing a criminal down back alleys in London and Sherlock, idiot that he is, splits off without telling John. He's disappeared too quickly for him to react, and by the time he notices, Sherlock is long gone, God knows where.
Sycropt pursed his lips. He stood, umbrella swinging out dramatically. "Well," he said. "I believe I have had quite enough of this conversation. Srlok, you are a disgrace and there are humans more logical than you. The path of the v'tosh ka'tur is one of barbarism. Hassu Watson, thank you for your services, and please do try to make my little brother here see reason. Live long and prosper."
Then Sherlock ran out into the street, nearly got hit by a car, and sprinted over to a cab across the way. Then proceeded to
Sherlock stopped zoning out in what looked like a prayer pose on the couch at random times during the day. Instead, he zoned out in the lotus position on a woven mat, at the same time every day, or for the occasional top-up as needed, and explained that he was meditating, and it was fairly essential for Vulcan health.
"Neither is marriage. There is no choice in a t'hy'la bond. It just happens."
John idled his Jeep about fifteen feet back from the gates. There were four guards currently on duty, all toting semi-automatics, but he had no doubt that was their only weapon. One approached his vehicle, the others hanging back.
And furthermore, he'd gotten out and assembled a miniature sniper rifle under the watchful eye of Scotland Yard's finest, in the boldest, cockiest, most
John rolls his eyes and settles in to ignore it.
"...You're the second person who's said that to me today."
Sherlock hesitated. He eyed John warily, who plastered on his most innocent smile.
Sherlock breathed harshly on top of him, every muscle rigid. John’s blood was a rush of pure adrenaline in his veins.
And never let it be said that she did not love her sons.
Simple logistics.
"Yes, but both make the same point: that you should stop doing it," he said. "And stop startling me awake in the dead of night, Jesus Christ. What are you even doing in here?"
He brought the pill to his lips and John fired without thinking.
He snaps the phone shut decisively.
"I, unlike some people, am not ashamed of my heritage."
Admittedly, that had been in a much more key area, and the bullet had shattered his scapula and grazed the subclavian artery. This bullet, on the other hand, had gone through a bit of skin and muscle and been almost immediately stopped by one of the strongest bones in the human body. It wasn't a threat so much as it was a nuisance.
Sherlock's next deductions came out in a single breath, rapid-fire. "The woman was old money, high society. Overconfident and thought herself invulnerable. She lashed out when that idea was threatened. Someone with a more tenuous hold on that position would have been cowed. She would have used her own money to pay for the hit; she's independently wealthy. Independently wealthy, old money-- either she has quite a hefty trust fund or she's already come into her inheritance. Based on the scale needed for this, I favor the latter. If it is the former, however, then given that most trust funds have such stipulations that one must be over 25, or 30, or married, you can assume that she isn't overly young. The other theory supports this as well-- the older you are, the more likely your parents are dead. And a woman like this doesn't sit on a threat. No, she had her meeting with Magnussen, waited a few days, a week at the most, and then got things in order in a matter of hours. Search Magnussen's appointment book. He had a meeting with someone who fits that profile exactly no less than eight days before he was murdered."
"Can you describe the man who did it?" Lestrade asked, emanating concern.
Sherlock's heart jumped. "But you're straight."
John swallowed. "Um," he said. "It was... no problem, really. It's my job to... mind the horses."
when you know about crimes being committed. Remember when you first started doing this? And you would just call us on the tip line and give helpful tips? Can you go back to doing that?"
He rebutted it anyway. Authoritarian. Traditionalist. Intolerant, his personal politics. What he considers a good reason to kill someone for versus what John considers a good reason to kill someone for. The killer is protective, yes, as an aspect of his male power fantasy and perceived superiority. His family and community is weak and vulnerable, and needs a strong man such as himself to defend it from moral degenerates. John is protective out of empathy and only when he believes intervention is required, having enough respect for others to trust them with their own decisions unless he actually believes that will cause them harm.
Strong morals, said the diagram. Military (past? quasi?) career. Vigilante, took the law into his own hands.
"Yes."
"Uh, female,very young, can't be older than her early twenties. Cause of death is the, uh... The wound to her carotid. Sliced it right open. She choked on her own blood before she even had the chance to bleed out. It would have been quick. Very quick."
He paused, taking just a moment to—
Instead of his usual moping about the flat like the antisocial recluse he was, Sherlock was, strangely, called to his second crime scene in a single day. Apparently another murder, but John hadn't committed that one, and as tempting as it was to sneak onto the scene again and see if Sherlock could be dazzling, it simply wasn't worth the risk.
On Vulcan, marriages are arranged as children by their respective parents, so that pon farr catches no one unprepared. Everyone has a mate already lined up. It is illogical to protest this. The only reason to do so would be sentiment. Emotion.
He shrugged, as much as he was able to. "Because it's fun."
And they say Sherlock is mad.
"Oh, do calm down. It's different for Vulcans."
Sherlock smirked, pouring as much smug haughtiness as he could into the gesture. Sally glared even as she stepped aside and raised the tape.
John shifted. “Sherlock, let’s not—“
"Yes it is. The oxygen in my blood is carried by copper-based cells rather than iron ones. It's hardly an outlandish concept. Your Earth's cuttlefish has the same design."
"...Yes?"
of the soul, and, in Christianity, resurrection."
"Two people? Who's the other?"
The DI grimaced. "So's the killer."
"...Alright then."
John frowned. "You aren't a disgrace." He took Sherlock's hands in his own, and the man's eyebrows shot straight up, a faint green blush coloring his cheeks.
"That's... Okay," he said. "Anything else I need to know?"
John frowned. "What occurrence?"
Conversation in italics is in Vulcan
She bowed her head slightly, but it seemed more like a respectful acknowledgement than a show of submission. "You may call me T'Va'kau."
"Slap me."
"The killer either has a military background or is actively involved in a quasi-military career," he said anyway. "Possibly both."
"What makes you think I did that?" he asked. "Maybe the cabbie had a lot of enemies. He did kill people, you know."
"God, please," Donovan muttered. Sherlock shot her a glare.
"Not necessary," he said. "I've got it well handled. The job'll be finished tonight, barring any unforseen circumstances. Like giant meatheads jumping in headfirst, guns blazing. That'd muck things right up."
Shooting yourself in the foot and having to patch it up yourself in a third-rate bedsit because hospitals are required to report all gunshot wounds to the police sucked even more.
The body was found-- yet again-- displayed proudly in one of the most public areas of a local park. It was a young man this time.
"Intense physical stimulus? Can't I give you that in some other way?"
"Well, now that the secret is out." Mycroft gave a tight, false smile. "Srlok. Getting shot and exposing yourself is never truly unavoidable. A good measure of caution would do you wonders."
"And suppressed all passion in the process."
"Unsated, the physical and emotional pressures will be too much for my body to handle. I'll... burn up, essentially."
And then he goes to the park to go sit on a bench and think about killing Sherlock Holmes. He has a plan now, has from the very beginning, really. This is actually an incredibly simple hit and shouldn't be taking so long. John needs to get off his ass and just fucking finish it already.
"God, he's slow," Sycropt said.
"Hell of a mouthful."
"I guess divorce isn't really an option, then."
"No. He'll understand what's happened."
John looked at him shrewdly. "Alright," he said. "So, what I'm getting here is, you have a limited amount of time to find someone to form a spousal bond with, or else you'll die."
"I will not listen to your misguided philosophies."
Sherlock arched an eyebrow and John's face slowly turned beet red. He cleared his throat.
a deal.”
"Both," he said. "I am not sure how much... control I will have. I may... attack... someone. You should leave the flat for a week once the warning signs begin to present."
"Sherlock..."
Sherlock froze.
He disappeared upstairs to get the kit and returned to icy silence. That, at least, was normal.
"What else?" John croaked.
So it was a damn good thing he had planted a listening device on Lestrade's jacket earlier.
Sherlock breathed deeply. "You would really be willing to bond with me?" he asked. "Seriously?"
"Magnussen had enemies, plenty of them. You're looking for a blackmail victim. Someone was recently threatened and decided to do something about it rather than pay up. Why? An experienced blackmailer like Magnussen never demands more than his victim can give, and he never threatens over a secret they don't care about revealing. No, this was about pride. Pride and paranoid, vindictive rage. Someone had money and a secret and they were determined to keep them both. Magnussen was asking for upwards of 15,000 or 20,000-- any less, and hiring a hitman wouldn't have been worth it, they aren't exactly cheap. The hirer was most likely a woman. When most people want someone murdered, they do it themselves and are caught almost immediately. Women tend to be more hands-off about murder, less personal and more calculating, hence their predominate use of poison. A man is also more likely to feel emasculated by having to hire someone to commit his murders for him."
And that, of course, is when Mike Bloody Stamford appears.
"Unsurprising, as you do not follow the Islamic calendar." He squinted at the wound, then switched out his current tool for a different one. "Put the seeds away. I'll eat at sundown."
"I'm sure. Just as getting shot was unavoidable?"
John frowned. "I thought you just told Mycroft that Vulcans feel things more strongly? They just try to control it?"
"Dif-tor heh smusma?" John asked.
"Yeah? Well, nobody told me, and standard protocol is no civilians on the scene."
"What?"
It's his life or his own. And Sherlock may be a beautiful, endlessly fascinating bloke, but John simply isn't willing to make that trade.
Oweyn was picking his nose. Masse slapped her little brother's hand away.
He huffed. "Believe me, Sherlock, you're already in my head bloody constantly. Besides, you said you can't block a t'hy'la bond? Does that mean you
"Herding cats, as usual. Let us through," Sherlock snapped.
John raised an eyebrow. Magnussen’s house had something of an open floor plan, and he went unnoticed in the kitchen, as did the briefcase oh-so-casually by his feet.
He disassembled the gun rapidly, fingers thankfully not shaking, and booked it out of there, ever mindful of the angles.
"Thank you, Hassu Watson," Mrs. Holmes said. "Nemaiyo."
(See the end of the chapter for
”Except that one.”
"Figure?" he asked.
Sherlock gaped.
"No, of course I'm not straight," John said, still grinning.
He smiled sadly. "I'm a hybrid," he said. "A disgusting half-breed. There's a reason my family lives on Earth, John. We wouldn't be welcome back on Vulcan."
"Unsated?"
A horse spooked, and snapped free of its reins, and the three other horses drawing Prince Mycroft's carriage all started and attempted to pull away and run, and they barreled through the palace gates.
John's examination didn't stop, per se, but it seemed to slow under considerable effort, an air of expectation settling over him. Indeterminate questions hovered around him.
Sherlock blushed furiously. "There's no need to be so crass about it."
He abruptly shut up when he noticed, and John glanced at him. “Sherlock?”
"What? No!"
Sherlock dashed out of the crime scene and ran around in dimly lit back alleys for an hour. He may as well have held up a flashing neon sign that said 'KILL ME,' but John was classier than that, so he refrained.
"We can't just wait around for him to kill again," Lestrade protested. "Come on. Investigate the victim. You said he might have known her personally?"
And then he finishes his rant off grandly by reminding John that he could be facing what he saw-- according to his own personal morals-- as the most vile, evil person on Earth, and he still wouldn't kill them unless he thought it was necessary to save others.
Lestrade came by the flat, bright and early, the next morning.
John sucked in a breath and bit down on his lip, hard. The entire room was staring at him. "Sorry," he said, Northern accent. "Sorry, I, uh, dropped something. Spare equipment back out in the truck; I'll just pop on out and get it."
The queen's stables hold 37 horses, two of whom are currently pregnant. John knows all of them by name, personality, and temperament. He knows that fourteen are already out of their stalls that morning: two taken by extremely early-rising knights, and twelve out on carriage-pulling duty from days before, in two separate teams. Ten of said carriage-pullers were due back today, in the early morning, and it was John's job to be ready to greet them when they arrived and promptly see to the horses. Well, John and two other kids: Oweyn and Masse, siblings, ages eight and nine.
It starts with a case, of course.
"But why?" he asked. He glanced at the clock, its blocky red numbers glaring at him. "It's... Jesus, it's 4:52 in the morning, Sherlock. This better be good. Did you solve the case? You'll have to wait a few hours before Lestrade--"
How's that any different from what we do?"
"That was a shite graze," he said. "Went way too far in. You'll need stitches for sure, and almost definitely a blood transfusion. Tourniquets are supposed to be a last resort only. This'll hold you for a little while, but Sherlock, we have to get you to a hospital."
"Of course."
(See the end of the chapter for
John shrugged. "What about me?"
Any thoughts would be helpful, even if they have no basis in fact. God knows this fic doesn't
The stablemaster, Barthollemy, had been very clear. The three of them were not to say anything to the prince. They were not to look at the prince. They were not to whisper to themselves, speculating about the prince's travels. They were to immediately and silently unhitch the horses and lead them to the stables to be brushed down, fed, and watered, all without making eye contact with themselves or anyone else. Barthollemy had added an additional instruction that Oweyn was not to pick his nose when within sight of the prince, please, for the love of God, or so help him, Barthollemy will fire both him and his sister.
"Oh, I see," Mycroft said.
But, it was something to do. And also John was pleased with the idea that Sherlock was working on finding justice for Ashley rather than just sitting around waiting for the killer to strike again.
"Yeah, but there is a chance. We can't just sit on our hands while more people are killed. Come on Sherlock, work with me here."
John ushered the other kids back a bit, out of the way of the caravan, and then--
John gaped. "Tell me the truth!"
That was most certainly
He nodded. "Serial. At least, it looks like. It's got all the makings of a potential."
"Any special requests?"
"That's fine."
He heads out three hours later with just a small handgun tucked into his waistband, his jacket covering it neatly. He takes a nondescript cab to Baker Street and makes quick work of breaking in.
T'Va'kau = "of infinite wisdom"
Sometimes the older stablehands teased John, saying that if he could he would free all the horses to live in the wild, and he'd probably go with them. Old Richards liked to joke that John was half-wildling at heart.
Sherlock's family of extra-terrestrials lived in hiding and perpetual fear on a planet that had barely dipped their toes into space. He had implied that they could return to VUlcan if they wished, but chose not to. That meant that a life of secrecy and hiding was still somehow preferable to the sheer level of bigotry they would face back on Vulcan.
"You would never shoot me."
"You've been following me," Sherlock said. "Probably for a while now, but I just noticed today. You showed up at Magnussen's house, pretending to be a reporter pretending to be a forensic tech. You assembled a miniature sniper rifle in a room packed with cops and then shot yourself in the leg with it. You think I don't recognize a gun when I see one?"
"Right, exactly!" he said. "See, Sherlock, it doesn't have to mean anything. I really-- I want to do this for you. I can't-- I can't let you die."
"That's your first question?"
"Thought I could pass it off as a microscope, to be honest."
the monarch butterfly, one of the most iconic species in the world and decidedly not native to England. Possibly the most significant feature of this entire scene. No. Definitely the most significant feature.
And their dad was just. A completely normal person. Who had somehow found himself in the goddamn Addams family.
John looked to Sherlock.
It was surreal; John had been delighted.
"No, no." He waved a hand. "This has nothing to do with the case. No, it's time for suhur."
John, unfortunately, has a traceable past with hundreds of people who knew him casually and aren't currently dead. Mike Stamford is one of them. He could always move to another country and start fresh, but-- as Mike so succinctly put it-- he can't bear to be away from London.
have shot you. The only reason you aren't dead right now is pure dumb luck."
John arched an eyebrow, half-laughing. "Are you saying you go into heat?"
"Logical," she said. "You will proceed with me first."
"Yes. Vulcans can form telepathic links with other people. The most primitive form of this is a familial bond, between siblings or parents and children. It's very basic, and allows only background awareness of the other person's continued existence and state of wellbeing."
“You alright?” Sherlock asked peering over his shoulder.
Sksksk I didn’t realize this chapter was this short
Give me your thoughts anything
Sherlock put the microphone back and looked out over the empty deck.
Graphic content
All the mortified people's screaming and crying slowly turned into White noise as a ringing started to grow in John's ears. John's eyes filled up with tears that quickly started to stream down his face. He wrapped his arms around his friend, like how they taught him in military school to move a wounded soldier, and picked Sherlock’s limp body up. He thought to himself that the ambulance would take too long, not a second later he was running with his friend in his arms down the street towards the hospital.
“Hello! and welcome! to the Dame of the seas!” The intercom boomed as Sherlock ran down the stairs to the 6th floor his bare feet slapped the hard carpet as he tried to beat the hundreds of restless guests.
Sherlock walked over the the couch and sat on the floor leaning his head back against John’s leg. “Why is that?”
"Mycroft is sending over plans tomorrow," he informed her later that evening, leaning against the kitchen counter with his tea while she did the washing up. She didn't need to know, but the cloud of silence had grown oppressive. “I’ll be leaving the next morning.”
"Don't touch it, and don't pick at it," she chided. "You'll just open it right up again."
John has not said anything to Sherlock, but there's no need. Whatever he or anyone else may have thought, Sherlock's deductive abilities are as sharp as ever. It was, therefore blindingly obvious when John began to make more excuses to visit Mrs. Hudson, or to make more social arrangements with Lestrade or Mike Stamford or even Molly Hooper.
"Killing's easy. You know that, surely." The crackle of the earpiece only accented Boss's dry humour. "The point isn't blood, the point is to make it hurt."
“New Scotland Yard…?” John glanced over at Sherlock, letting the question hang.
“Mmmmph.”
But Sherlock has come to learn, in the last few months, that the worst times are not when John treats Sherlock like a piece of fragile china, incapable of simple reasoning and the most basic mental self-protection. Because at least then, it's still the two of them against the world, the way it always was.
“We’ll stop him,” he said quietly. “He can’t have got far.”
Posture: back straight, feet planted hard, hands gripping his own thighs.
Sherlock reviewed the past few days. As far as John was concerned, they had been almost entirely uneventful; he had briefly lost his temper three days ago after breaking the mug, but had otherwise been tranquill.  A bit distant, but that was a problem Sherlock was getting used to. His own problem, not John’s.
“Anything interesting?” asked John, voice pitched low.
Sherlock drops his eyes in consternation. He hadn't realized that John had swung this far back round again. His hand lifts before he can stop it, and he forces it back down again.
It's a picture postcard of an evening at Baker Street. Sherlock had carried in his heart a picture very like this one during his time away, after Moriarty's death. It has been the slender thread he had clung to during those brief, brutal, fruitless weeks.
Sherlock braced his left hand against the wall and leaned, taking the weight on his left. Beneath his arm, John’s throat trembled. Sherlock planted his right hand flat on John’s shoulder and pressed down, creating some space under his arm where John’s pulse fluttered. It was close enough, and John’s windpipe was not bearing any pressure, so he could continue to breathe freely. Though he didn’t seem to be.
She entreated me to find the ghosts
"And," he continued slowly, "I realize how improbable this sounds."
"I'm glad," she declared fiercely.
“Tell me again, Sherlock,” he said quietly. “Is this a date?”
Without another’s gasping ghost
“I don’t know why we couldn’t have come as colleagues,” he said, as they drew near to Dr. Mansell. Nearly half the second glass was gone, Sherlock noticed.
John went a bit red. “That’s… that’s not the only kind of date.”
John gets into bed, rolls over to the far side, back to Sherlock. No kiss, tonight.
“So what, then,” Sherlock said, around the lump in his chest. “What are the… alternatives?”
John followed slowly. His knee was stiff where he had pressed into Lord Walpole’s back, waiting for the police to arrive and cuff the bastard properly. His pulse was high, but that was different.
Sherlock held tightly to his silverware and refused to answer an unspoken question.
The sheet music was for a complicated Hungarian piece Sherlock was experimenting with. It would have been just the thing to shake his thoughts loose. Sherlock stepped back from the stand, out of the way of the evening light falling in through the window that lit the air of the room. John settled back into his chair, and Sherlock lifted his bow.
“Right,” said Sherlock. “He approaches her from the front, and attempts a classic stranglehold.” Sherlock stepped forward and laid his hands around John’s neck. John stared up fearlessly, but his pulse was jumping in his neck. Sherlock could feel it beneath the pads of his palms as John looked at him. Sherlock hoped his own palms weren’t as hot as they felt.
“Sort of.” John says, snippish, turning into the kitchen. “It sat there and I shouted abuse. Is your wallet still on the table- nevermind, I see it.”
“I’ll explain in the morning. It doesn't matter now.” Sherlock answers back, and John, though he knows something's happened, is content enough with that to drifts back to sleep.
“Well that's further proof they work for the Black Lotus. But we already know that, so what are you thinking?” John asks
“You sure you're safe to go-”
“Because I had a row, in the shop, with a chip-and-PIN machine.” John answers at the same times Sherlock's brain is coming to the conclusion that John's bad mood stems from his lack of ability to have gotten the shopping, which could have been for a number of reason, but is most likely do to his card being declined, as his blogger has yet to get a job since overcoming a majority of his depression these last few months. But more importantly...
They spent hours up there together sorting and searching, because not only do both of the dead men have almost identical book collections, but they have extensively large collection. John takes more frequent breaks then Sherlock throughout the day, but they both manage to work their way through a fair amount of the books by the evening, when Sherlock flips closed the book in front of him, that, surprise surprise, is not the one used to decipher the code.
that there was another person living in 221B, rather than finding out the way he had, which worked out well for exactly no one.
“He did propose though,” John says jokingly.
Sherlock smiled to himself minutely. He'd known at least some of John's pains had to be psychosomatic at this point, but he hadn't been willing to say anything. Now though, now there was too much excitementright in front of him for John to possibly go lay back down. Adrinialine and adventure, that's all John needed at this moment to break the nasty depression he'd sunk into since returning home.
“So anyway, he "does the thing" on Clara, which amount to a half a minute of half-veiled insult. And then he does it one me with surprisingly less venom. He could tell I'd been on leave, that I wasn't sleeping well, that I'd dressed in a hurry, you know what he does. Take a left, I know where we're going now.
John does so without question. “What are you looking for?”
Sherlock berated himself for being slow as Lestrade watched him pull up the Mephone website. Sherlock explained how the woman didn't have a laptop, so she had to do all her work on her phone. He typed the email John had read into a username box, then moved to type in a password.
“We need to get vehicles, get a helicopter.” Sherlock started commanding, ignoring John. “We're gonna have to move fast. This phone battery won't last forever!”
“Well sort of,” John laughed. “It wasn't date, we didn't just
would have done.
“Oi!” John shouts, getting the attention of every officer in the flat as his focus zeros in on the woman. “Watch your mouth in my house! If you could have solved this bloody case on your own you wouldn't be here, so I think it's the rest of you lot that are the disappointment!”
“John, on the luggage, there's a label. E-mail address.” Sherlock snapped his fingers behind him expectantly as he pulled open his own laptop at the desk by the wall.
Jesus Sherlock, do you know how bad that terrified me!? Not just you with a killer, but you with a drug in your hand, an inch from lips, and gambling your life!?”
“Everybody quiet and still. Anderson, turn your back.” Lestrade commanded, recognizing Sherlock was onto something.
Sherlock prompted.
So that left the improbable- and the frankly ridiculous- idea that Sherlock had done something spectacularly romantic. But what? He knows it had to be something John wouldn't have commented on at the time, or else he would have, and Sherlock would know what he'd done. So it had to be something that upon reflection, had been more that it's intent. But what could John have been thinking about in bed at two a.m. that resulting in the desire to put forth the required effort it took to get from the bed to here to “keep him company” and say “I love you”? What could possibly rationalize such confusing behavior.
“Guys, we're also looking for a mobile somewhere here, belonged to the victim…” Lestrade instructed anyway, and the sound of shuffling feet and moving objects was added to the cacophony of sounds slowing starting to fill 221B.
“I dunno,” John laughs. “You don't like him?”
“One of them got greedy and stole something.” Sherlock answers, but before he can say more, Mrs. Hudson comes up the stairs, informing them that Dimmock, and some other men from The Yard were here with their several crates full of books. The couple has to spend the next little while rearranging their living room so as to fit everything within, in loo of actually helping hauling all the crates up the steps- John for more obvious reasons, and Sherlock, well, because it was either help rearrange or help carry crates.
Both men seemed to remember there were others in the room, and the man addressed them, more amiable than before. “Sorry, right. Dr. John Watson. I’m uh, a friend of Sherlock’s."
“Yeah, it's for shock.” Lestrade says.
“Oh, I volunteered.” Anderson answered smugly.
Hey okay I know I said at some point this was gonna be a full rewrite, but I said that when I was MAD, and now I just don't care about BBC sherlock, and so I'm not gonna finish this, but I felt like I own you guys what I managed to get through, it's only half the blind banker I wrote it on my phone, and I didn't even try to edit it, sorry. I might come back to it one day, but I wouldn't hold your break.
“It's a start!”
“Hmm. So you're really not planning on leaving me anytime soon?” The humour in John's voice puzzles Sherlock. “Because joint bank account are usually what married couples do. Are you proposing, Love?”
Sherlock repressed the urge to correct John as he remembers the work out he'd gotten this morning, and he shuts his book and stands in defiance of John's accusations, as if to say ‘there I've moved, you've nothing against me now’. Then he realises, as he stands and his foot bumps it, that the assassin sword is still under his chair, and how did he miss that!? Disguising his kick of the sword farther under the chair as him taking a step, he walks into the kitchen.
“Catchy.” John drawled sarcastically.
“So we can read her e-mails. So what?” Anderson said, watching Sherlock successfully log into the woman's mephone account.
“But I've still got questions for you.”
asked
“Dull.” Sherlock says just to be contradictory, coming to take his seat across from John and slumping down ungracefully once more.
Sherlock pulls out his phone from his coat pocket and now hands it to RAZ when the artist turns around. RAZ makes to toss one of the spray cans at John first, but stops short when he sees John’s crossed arms and equally cross expression. He huffs a laugh, and drops bother spray cans into his bag. RAZ takes Sherlock’s phone and scrolls through the pictures of the yellow ciphers from Sir William's office and the library.
Sherlock studies John, his tense posture revealing his surprise, and the expression on his face all but screaming his confusion.
“Not any worse off then I have been- get up you!” John pulled Sherlock up by his coat collar from where he'd crouched in front of the man to examine his leg. “I'm just miffed at being so rudely awaken, but now that I
“You- you're not allowed to have that, it's against the law! You just killed a man!” Lestrade shouts as John clicks the safety back on, and calmly tucks the gun back under his jumper.
“Sherlock…” John said a bit more insistently. Sherlock rushed back over to John, leaning over the man's shoulder, very much in John's space, as both arms came on either side of the man, palms on the armrests so he would lean in closer. And yeah. Sherlock’s got a boyfriend. Right. Nevermind the murder mystery, how the Hell did that happen?
“John and I need to talk about the rent.” Sherlock tells him, like that's a perfectly logical thing to do at a crime scene.
John can't climb up the ladder into Soo Lin Yao’s flat and they both know it, so when Sherlock fails, yet again, to open up the front door, it set John off a little bit, and has him yelling through the mail slot. That doesn't mean he doesn't notice, or doesn't care, when Sherlock comes through the door all croaky
“Take away, though. My leg’s starting to hurt.”
“Or we could use the picture from the tram.” John says, realises what he was seeing was that Soo Lin has started to translate the message. He passes it to Sherlock. “Just flip through to those two pages and see if they match right?”
“Dull? How is what you do for excitement, dull?!” When Sherlock doesn't answer he goes on. “Well if you're not doing anything, you can accompany me to the store, C’mon.” John stands, headed for it stairs. Sherlock raises to follow without protest, because he's learning when to pick his battles, more or less, and this is not the time.
“It okay, they're just talking now, I think they'll be fine- shit no, what is he doing!?” John and Greg watch as the cabbie’s mouth moves, talking to Sherlock as the other man's hand moves slowly toward his mouth. “Christ he's gonna do it- he- shit Sherlock!”
After reading for a bit Lestrade thinks he kinda liked the guy. He had a dry sense of humor, was very witty, and did seem genuinely nice. Lestrade kept reading. There were several short post after that one, for a couple of months, before one said
Lestrade jumps back as John produces a handgun out of
“So of course, I'm stunned, and I say ‘that was amazing.’ He says ‘really?’, I say ‘yeah, extraordinary,
Sherlocks arms encircle John's waist under the covers and he rest his forehead against the back of John's neck.
“Yeah, we did tell you that.” John says, still typing something on his phone.
“Yeah, but that was ages ago. Why would she still be upset?... Was that not good?” Sherlock trailed off at the disappointed look on Watson’s face.
And then Lestrade proceeds to spend the rest of his day reading about exactly what Sherlock Holmes does on cases when he escapes the Yard’s watch. Honestly they're both lucky the hadn't been shot- or well, kill more like… Anyway, most of the posts are written by John, and have clever little titles, and Lestrade even recognized some of the cases- ones John wrote about but hadn't actually been around for- as ones he himself had asked Sherlock to help with. John mercifully leaves out important names and places.
“What? Why not?” Sherlock looks up over the top of his book to see that John's arms are in fact devoid of the shopping.
“Left, take a left here.” John says from the passenger seat next to Greg as they rush after Sherlock.
“I did love getting into trouble with him. He loves mysteries and I love adventure, so it worked perfect. Well then three months later, I had to return to Afghanistan, so we kept in touch with letters, I'd tell him all the stuff I could, and told him if he's guessing all the rest of it, he better not write it in a letter or else I'd get in trouble. He told me about all the mysteries he solved, people he'd helped- pages and pages of handwritten letters, detailing every bit of exactly how he figured everything out…”
“Well you've only known him five years, that’s only one more than me, and that first year I imagine he was too high to notice anyone else, and after that I should
“But how?” Lestrade asked, getting tired of Sherlock's half-explanations.
“Who do we trust, even if we don't know them John?” Sherlock murmuted, taking John my the arms again, to talk at him.  “Who passes unnoticed wherever they go? Who hunts in the middle of a crowd?”
There were several comments under that from various people asking how John was liking the army, and how he'd been, and if he'd be home for Christmas.
to help Sherlock on the case.
“Ah, there you've gone.” Sherlock says lightly as he open the door and steps aside for John. He quickly amends his mistake properly by allowing John the honor of shoulder-charging the locked bedroom door open.
“That's not the
and simply said he'd just gotten back from Afghanistan for a time, he was doing well, and that he, his sister, and his sister’s new wife had gone out for dinner last night as a welcome back present. There was more chatter in the comments of this one, as people asked more questions, and John actually answered.
“What are you doing!?” Came Sherlock’s voice. “I swear if you've woken up- John…” The last word came as a regretful sigh as Sherlock rounded the corner and spotted John standing there in the kitchen.
“He's a soldier,” Sherlock reasons. “He's highly acclimated to intense-pressure situations, where he's forced into making split-second, life-or-death divisions. He wasn't acting in cold blood, he was defending me, and he isn't unaffected because he's some kind of psychopath. I guarantee you he'll wake up screaming at least once tonight,
Greg will not be ashamed to admit he spends the next few days reading through all the stories as well as the personal posts that both John and Sherlock post- Sherlock’s with a much more reluctant and sarcastically toned. No one else at the Yard will be ashamed to admit such either.
on the coffee table in the living room.
“Well, what do you call this then?” Sherlock gestured around him at all the officers.
“Jennie dot pink at mephone dot org dot uk.” John read without hesitation, coming to stand behind Sherlock’s chair.
“Yes, of course I'm all right.” John sighs, and clearly too tired to argue anymore, he leans in close to Sherlock, letting himself get wrapped up in the warm blanket.
John's mind finally quiets down, so he doesn't bother to answer the grumbling with anything more than a soft “I love you.”
And like two minutes later- God what did it say? It just went on and on. It said something like…
“Isn't the doorbell working?” The landlady, Mrs. H-something, was standing in the doorway now but everyone, Lestrade included, was too distracted by Sherlock to take any notice. “Your taxi's here, Sherlock.”
“Well, maybe it was in the case when you brought it back and it fell out somewhere?” Lestrade suggested.
But not all of it, and after another half hour of not falling asleep- and it's probably approaching two am by now- he just sits up. Then, instead of calling Sherlock into the bedroom, because he both doubts his boyfriend is aware of his surroundings enough to hear, and because he just needs to move, he pulls the duvet off himself. He pulls the shrinker sock off of the remainder of his right leg, replaces it with the liner for the socket of his prosthetic and then puts it on. And all so he can haul the heavy duvet and both pillows out into the living room where Sherlock sits, still unmoved from his place on the couch scrolling rapidly down something he couldn't possibly be reading. Sherlock’s curled up to one side though, and that leaves plenty of room for John to prop the pillows against the other side, and sit down in order to remove the prosthetic once again.
that had Greg saying, in shock, “And who exactly are you again!?”
Oh, they're doing this here then.
“No, I'm not bloody cold! Sherlock what the Hell were you thinking! Were you seriously just going to take that pill!?” John hisses, trying not to raise his voice too high.
“So where do you want to start?” John asks from the desk chair as Sherlock sits on the floor and began unloading books yet again. John takes the photos out and sets them on the desk to look over. There's one of the body, a young girl shot in the head at pointblank range. One of her desk, were papers are scattered, and a teapot sits. One was of an open vent in the floor. Then here was a glossy copy of the picture John had taken the other night by the tramway, which Sherlock had taken to the museum last night.
It was already dark by the time they'd left the museum, and by the time John finds the wall of Chinese symbols, he's tired, and sore, and ready for a rest. So when Sherlock doesn't answer his phone on the first try, John simply sends him the photo of the wall with the message ‘answer your phone you idiot’ before trotting off to find the detective.
The shorter man said. “Sherlock’s clean, you know he is! You're just here for the pink case. He left it in the living room, so take it and get out.”
Parts 2-6. Greg doesn't read any of those either.
“No, it's just, turn it around. It's distracting.”
Sherlock hops up to stand at his full height, and walks away, towards where John was standing, by himself now as Donovan's walked off at some point.
awake, I'm going to go get dressed.” If the whole room hadn't been watching they probably would have missed the lightening-quick peck John left on Sherlock’s cheek as he pushed past the taller man. “Don't be too clever until I get back, yeah?”
“No. No, he wasn't really, was he?” Sherlock agrees.
“Sherlock, dear. This taxi driver…” The landlady had returned.
Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade is not as observant as Consulting Detective Sherlock Holmes. This is why he's come to Sherlock for help in the first place, when they find the fourth victim of a serial suicide case has left a note. But never mind that, were he as observant as Sherlock he wouldn't be coming to Sherlock in the first place, because more to the point: were he as observant as the consulting detective, he would have noticed when he came asking for Sherlock’s help, that there were more dishes in the sink than usual, that there were things laying around the flat that obviously didn't belong to Sherlock, that a door closed quietly from behind the kitchen while Sherlock was talking with him, that Sherlock left with him while there was still water for tea was boiling in a kettle on a stove. Then Lestrade could have
“The book; the key to the cipher. She had to have it. It had to be sitting right there on her desk, and I didn't even notice!” The consulting detective shuffles through the photos until he finds the one of her work desk. There are three on her desk, only two of which the titles are visible, one is a book on ancient chinese artifacts, one is a copy of a chinese romance novel, the last is open, hiding the title from site, and none of the words on the page are legible in the photograph. Sherlock determine in half a second that that's the book they need, but with nothing more to go on, and Soo Lin’s things likely already long cleared from the desk, they're left with matching books from both men's collections and flipping through the pages.
“I did not!” Sherlock protests at the same time. “I proposed a joint bank account not a marr-”
“Yes you did, I saw you!” Lestrade follows after him, too shocked to do anything proper, like arrest the man.
“Right! Are you okay John? Your leg, your shoulder…?” Sherlock was all over John then, inspecting his shoulder, his eyes, his temperature if the hand on John's forehead was anything to go by.
“Well, I knew you'd find the case. I'm not stupid,” he said calmly, knowing he did have the upper hand, seeing as the pink case
“Wha...? What do you mean, 'how'?  Rachel! Don't you see? Rachel! Oh, look at this lot, John. They’re all so vacant. Is it nice not being me? It must be so relaxing. Rachel is not a
“What the Hell are all of you doing in my flat!?” The man shouted, arms crossed, and back ridged, completely awake now. He commanded absolute authority- and wait.
“So, I gotta ask,” Greg says and he takes the turn, thanking God for the sirens on top of the car as he barely slows down for the turn. “How'd you and Sherlock end up- you know?”
“Is that why you slept with me last night? Are you sure you're okay?” John asks. “You know it’s-”
“Stopping being rude to her…” John chided half-heartedly as the GPS page loaded.
“You can't just break into our flat!” Protested the consultant.
Once the living room was put back together, and their new office jampacked with crates, much to the displeasure of the men who'd carries most into the living already, Dimmock hands over a evidence bag full of photos from Soo Lin’s crime scene, which sherlock had requested, as John hadn't been there the night before, and then the boys are left to it.
“You... you had a row with a machine?” Sherlock quirks an eyebrow up at John.
“Hey, Watson!” RAZ’s smile turns into a wolfish grin. “Nice to see you've made it back! I’ve got two minutes before a Community Support Officer comes round that corner, you wanna take the fall for this one too mate?”
"Chinese?” Sherlock suggests.
“So, how can the phone be here?” John asked stiffly.
“When we're at the bank next, we should open a joint account.” He's not actually looking at John, so when the other man reply, it startles him into turning around.
“Wha- I- No!” Sherlock stammers in horror, then gathers himself and says, “Marriage is nothing more than words on paper, and vows to do this or that for the commitment of the relationship, whereas you and I have already, time and again, proven with actions that we intend to make this relationship work, which is much more meaningful on my opinion. I simply think a single bank account would be a better solution than you or I having to constantly figure out who has the money during any given week.”
“I was an army doctor, I'm not a civilian, I'll be fine!” he calls as he rounds the corner of the stairs and disappears. Then Lestrade hears a thud, a swear of "Damnit my leg!" and the sound of John continuing loudly down the stares before he thinks to move after him.
“Oh, dear. They're making such a mess. What are they looking for?”
Sherlock’s stills for moment, then says “And I you, John,” a bit confused.
Lestrade scrolls down here, and upon seeing that Sherlock apparently hacked his boyfriend’s account- as he admits to having figured out John's password in the comments, and then proceeds to explain the process right there in the comments- and written a freaking essay about himself, Lestrade elects not to read any of it. The next five posts are titled
“He got in the cab.” John says, now typing something up on his own smartphone- a gift from Sherlock for returning home alive, but none of Scotland Yard knows this.
“Damnit. What are you doing here!?” Sherlock rounded on Lestrade then, looking furious. It almost scared him. Almost.
After another look at the vandalized wall, and a ridiculous dance across the trading floor, which John barely repressed the urge to film, they're turning around again and leaving, and really this is turning out to be an exhausting day for John's legs. Sherlock explain on the way out the door exactly who the message was for- one Edward Van Coon- and how he figured this out. While they're on their way to Van Coon’s apartment to question him, Sherlock speaks up about something entirely unexpected.
“Oh I don't know. Several crates full, at least.” Sherlock turns his laptop around to show John what he’s found on one of the auction site. “Here look at this. Anonymous. Vendor doesn’t give his name. Two undiscovered treasures from the East. Chinese Ming vases.”
“I call it Urban Bloodlust Frenzy.” RAZ chuckles to himself.
In the morning Sherlock explains, while John eats breakfast and Sherlock searches through a slew of online auctions, the events of the night before, which had taken place after John had fallen asleep. Sherlock had spent a few hours pacing the living room trying to figure out the cypher before coming to the unfortunate conclusion that he would need Soo Lin Yao, who'd been threatened with the cypher and gone into hiding, was the only chance of deciphering the cypher in anything resembling a timely manner. He says he'd debated waking John but decided against it due to the long day and the late hour, and the assumption that nothing of note would happen at the museum. He apologies to John of course, when the soldier tells him off- with no real force behind the words- that he should have woken him up anyway, he really doesn't appreciate being left behind so constantly on this case.
“And... we did just catch you a serial killer... more or less.” Sherlock pleads.
“Curiousity. Anyway, Wilson’s phone is in the cab, and I'm tracking it on my phone, so if you'd like to drive us, I figure we better go rescue my idiot genius.” John started walking towards the stairs. Lestrade only just notice the way the man limped ever so slightly, and remember his leg.
Sherlock continues the story by detailing the events that had happened at the museum after he'd realised that Soo Lin was not only still in London, but still in the museum. He'd gotten the explanation of her connection with the smugglers, apparently having been one herself at a younger age. And them, with a slight bit of hesitance, Sherlock tell John that the gunman, her own brother, came for her, and he was only about to distract them for so long, chasing him through the museum and away from Soo Lin, before they caught on and rounded back towards the archives where the young woman was hiding.
But he still hadn't almost dead any time in the recent past, the incident with the cabbie notwithstanding. He'd suffered a lecture that night for that for his trouble, but the honor, if one could call it that, of nearly dieing on the other most recently still belonged undoubtedly to John.
Sherlock grumbles something which sounds dangerously close to “heavy leg”, but he starts typing on his laptop with no further complaints.
“It's a drugs bust," Greg repeated. Sure, the other man hadn't believed it, and Greg did know Sherlock was clean, but hopefully it might scare Sherlock into behaving when helping an investigation, if he knew they would start searching his flat like this.
“Where are you going?” John asked, his voice moved back to the chair in front of the laptop.
“I talked with him and his brother for a minute, then excuse myself because Clara and Harry had wondered off- Take a left now. So I see him every time we'd go to visit Harry for the next few months, a lot of the time they're already sitting together, and Sherlock'd “do his thing” and we'd visit.
“Have you ever met Sherlock’s brother?” John asks in an even tone.
Immediately Sherlock turned to the other man, John, and came to stand very close to him, looking more apologetic and worried then Lestrade had ever seen- if he'd ever seen the man look such a way at all. “John, I swear to you I am
Sherlock drawled.
“I know,” say John, and Sherlock doesn't get a chance at questioning John on why he'd needed to bother saying it at all, because the man has fallen asleep just like that.
The next post was titled
When the couple get back to Baker Street, John makes no pretence of trying to stay wake, laying out on the couch where their duvet and pillows are still laying from a night before, and instructing Sherlock to wake him only when he's needed and not a moment before.
The Homepage is simple, the title says “The Personal Blog of Sherlock Homes and John Watson” with a picture of a genuinely smiling John and a begrudgingly smiling Sherlock right next to him as the profile picture. There's a counter off to one side that flickers every now and again to indicate the number of people visiting the webpage. There's a photo gallery, and a list of the most popular posts as well. The Bio section is brief and says simply.
“Stop! Stop, we can't giggle, it's a crime scene! Stop it!” John tries to say, pulling out of Sherlock’s arms just enough to look him in the eyes.
extraordinary.’ I'm completely hook right then. He says ‘that's not what people normally say’ ‘well what do they normally say?’ ‘piss off’.
“Shut up, everybody, shut up! Don't move, don't speak, don't breathe. I'm trying to think. Anderson, face the other way. You're putting me off.”
Sherlock looks down at the books he's already pulled out, then to John, and the both say together “Upstairs.”
Oops.
"What thing? The thing where I stand here and you talk half-realised abuse at me until you come up with something clever, or the one where you stand there and
“I'll try it again, then?”
And now? Now he lives with Sherlock, and he was, unless it came to the worst, going to live with Sherlock for a rest of his life and he can't ever run away from that. And honestly that sounded really, really good, except that John didn't want Sherlock to come to the conclusion that they'd have to talk all their problems out eventually, and then decide the solution to avoiding that was to just running John around the city for an adrenaline fix any time he was upset with a Detective. He didn't want to one day not find Sherlock accidentally-sweet-while-he’s-trying-to-be-logical-ness to only bother him because John just wants Sherlock to be sweet for the sake of being sweet just once!
“And who do think you a-” Anderson started say, just as they all heard the front door slam open, and someone stomping up the stairs.
“Mrs. Hudson, isn't it time for your evening soother?” Sherlock snapped at her.
and the actual post reads:
Sherlock doesn't get much time in the cab to ponder over John's thought process for “thinking about it” because they arrive at Van Coon’s apartment building shortly thereafter. Sherlock gets them inside by pretending to be Van Coon and on the elevator ride up, John gets out first on Van Coon’s floor, leaving Sherlock to scale the balcony on his own. Sherlock's so instantly distracted by the number of deduction his brain charges him with once he's in Van Coon’s flat- he's very wealthy, he's left handed, very clean,- that he forgets he's meant to let John in until he hears the man shouting to be ‘let in already!”
John Watson, and
“We'll just have a map reference, not a name.” Lestrade said, trying to remind Sherlock he was in charge by not immediately jumping into action.
“So, the shooter. No sign?” The slight up-curve to Sherlock’s lip as he changes the subject tells Lestrade that Sherlock does actually know it was John, and he knows Lestrade knows it was John.
A fond sort of smile came over John's lips as he said, “Yeah, you're always doing that…”
Once everyone had finally cleared out of 221B, Lestrade turned to John. “Why did he do that? Why did he have to leave?”
They take a moment to look through Lukis’ or Van Coon’ journals and the auction site, comparing dates. Every date in which an anonymous vendor donated something rare and chinese, Lukis had recently returned from overseas.
“Know the author?” Sherlock asks.
“Don't you-”
“You said earlier that the victims all took the poison themselves, that he makes them take it.” John said, coming to stand by Sherlock. “Well, maybe he... I don't know, talks to them? Maybe he used the death of her daughter somehow.”
“It’s the only kind you go on,” Sherlock shot back. He tensed his legs to hold them still. He couldn’t pace in the restaurant – he had no wish to draw attention to himself, at the moment – and he couldn’t go home, because John was the only one who had brought house keys. Stupid.
After the fall, Sherlock spent what turned out to be five days on Molly's sofa awaiting travel plans from Mycroft. When the folder of documents finally arrived at the bottom of a fruit basket, Sherlock spent four hours with a pot of tea, committing every drop of information to memory. The exercise left him strangely muzzy-headed, and so it was Molly who did the final round of cleaning and patching-up on his injuries from Barts.
John rubbed his face with one hand. "Is this a date?"
A sharp reply rose in his mind, but Sherlock said nothing aloud. Molly had been the one who could help him the way he needed, and who could be trusted to keep silent at all costs, without getting any ideas of her own.
“Please,” he said, nearly whispering.
Sherlock let his hand drop. If they hadn’t had an audience, a roomful of people who had to continue not to pay them any mind, he would have moved away; as it was, he placed himself at a near distance, solicitous but not close enough to crowd.
Bricks to his back, cold puddle soaking his jeans.  And Sherlock above him: Sherlock’s voice, but strange and sharp.
Once she was done, Sherlock reached the opposite hand over to feel the stitches, which were irritatingly just beyond the brush of his finger. It felt strange and uneven. Amateur work, Sherlock thought with a mental sneer.
"Moriarty..." John barked out a dry, humourless laugh and stared fiercely down at his own hands. "Well. I was about to say he's dead. But then--" slow and dangerous-- "so were you."
Firmly, deliberately, Sherlock brushed a cobweb from the corner of his mental foyer. "I'm sure it's nothing," Sherlock said.
“The grilled octopus,” he said, and hoped it would take a long time to prepare.
"Good point," Sherlock concedes. He has become careful too, around this newly careful John. Careful of the intermittent undercurrent of anger that’s stronger than Sherlock remembered, and that is aimed at him in a way that it hadn't been before.
“You knew,” John said, “about his knife. You saw it.
But it would have been better for John, too, that way. Because however beaten or bruised, however broken, the Sherlock Holmes of John's imagination would have remained intact. Though John had had his criticisms, after all. What was it John had called him? A machine? That still stung a little to remember, but it was minor, all told. All part and parcel of the cool, unflappable, unstoppable engine of rational deduction that Sherlock had always been.
But Jim... Jim would have had a good heart, if life had been kinder to him. To them.
His spirit baptized living flesh
"I realize I have not been... entirely forthcoming, recently," Sherlock admitted.
“It’s fine,” Sherlock said softly.
"Brown recluse," Molly said softly. She bit her lip, looked away.
"Although it would be an interesting experiment,” Sherlock offers offhandedly, “to see what would happen if we put them away wet."
The restaurant Harry had picked was only about a mile from Baker Street. The night was cold, but John had nearly two hours of anxious waiting built up in his limbs. Walking was the next best thing to shouting, and when had that ever helped, anyhow? Harry wasn’t even there to be shouted at.
******
This one is a double 221b!
John stepped forward, too, and smoothed his shirt down. He seemed to be avoiding looking at Sherlock. Sherlock rocked on his heels and then stopped, feeling like he might tumble backward.
Harry had said seven, though she had warned him that it might be more like seven thirty. That probably meant eight, John had figured.
He had chosen a Greek restaurant near the park which had both excellent food and simple décor. They walked there in companionable silence, drinking in the freshness of the evening air. John was clearly surprised when Sherlock turned in under the little green awning, but followed without hesitation.
“Yeah,” John smiled, face full of light. “Soon. And in the meantime,” he added, with a sharp nod at Sherlock’s plate, “eat your dinner.”
“Irrelevant.”
Sherlock clenched his teeth to prevent himself shaking his head. "Fine," he said.
Sherlock looked at him, hard. John looked back, and eventually the glare melted. Sherlock gave a small nod and leaned against the wall next to him. Close enough to touch. John felt the pull, felt it like gravity, but held back.
Sherlock had a good heart, underneath it all. He'd been careless with her, it's true, treating her like he did and then flirting with her only when he wanted something. It had hurt enough, at the time, that when Jim had asked for her help, she had promised readily enough. But then she'd seen how much he loved John. Even if he would never tell him. Even if he would never admit it to himself. That changed things, for Molly--softened her, helped her forgive him for her own broken heart. You can't unsay a promise, but you can find your way through the gaps, when you want to.
John turned and looked at him.  So Sherlock said again, more loudly:
Molly ducked her head. "It's all right," she said, fiddling with the hem of her blouse. "So are you back, then? I mean to stay?"
Maybe John was nervous. Maybe Sherlock’s proximity made him anxious. It was a plausible theory. Alternately, John might be nervous about the half-dozen armed cartel members patrolling the warehouse, whose express purpose was to shoot them on sight. That also seemed plausible. Sherlock was going to need more information.
Carefully, Sherlock inched his right side backward, closer to the crate behind him. John shifted closer to Sherlock, wedging himself tightly between Sherlock’s hip and the crate in front of him. A moment later, Sherlock’s nose was in John’s hair and neck was pressed painfully against the crate behind him, but John had managed to slide completely behind the crate, out of range of available sightlines.
"This cut on your shoulder blade isn't closing properly," Molly said, frowning.
“Marble flooring is needlessly ostentatious,” he muttered, as they climbed into the cab.
) he could detect the clinking of automatic weapons hanging from shoulder and chest straps.
“We’re practically the only people here under fifty. Everyone expects us to be young and in love. It allows them to project their retrospective fantasies onto us. And dismiss us, which is convenient.”
“John!”
"Since?"
John stared, blank-eyed and sallow. He looked even worse than he had a few days ago, when Sherlock appeared on the doorstep of his ugly, ordinary house in Kensal Green.
“All right,” Sherlock conceded. “But soon.”
“No case,” Sherlock said slowly. John had sensed Sherlock’s demeanor and was expecting conversation. He cast about for a topic of discussion.
Across the sitting room, John reaches up absently and turns the lamp switch another click to brighten it. It casts a golden circle around him, sharpening the darkness of the carpet beyond the reach of that warm light. Sherlock's own island of light is hardly ten feet away, but in the lowering dark of the evening, that space seems to rise up like an impassable gulf.
“She would have done left,” said Sherlock, “the Defence curriculum specifies that students should be taught to attack with their stronger side.” Sherlock waved his hand dismissively. “Doesn’t matter. Let’s move on. Break to the side, I’ll catch your shoulders.” He dropped back, then lunged – not quickly enough, but John had waited for him, paused in the first few seconds of escape. Sherlock seized him by the shoulders. This time, he could see John’s throat move. Sherlock felt his own chest go taut.
Molly's lip was nearly bleeding from chewing, but she forced herself to breathe slowly as she stared at Jim Moriarty's shattered face.
Sherlock stares out the window at the black night. It wasn't the wound in his shoulder acting up, but it might have been. John hadn't asked, though, just swept over and grabbed the mug and taken it to the sink, where he was now industriously washing up under the bright yellow lights of the kitchen.
Molly snatched up her arm and held it close to her chest, so the bite scar was not visible. "It’s nothing. Never mind."
"Yes, yes," Sherlock said impatiently. Of course Molly was of no more use to him today. But that was the sort of comment someone made before leaving, wasn't it? He glanced down with distaste at her hand where it still rested on the bed rail, and was racked with an involuntary shiver.
Sherlock could not recall a cut there, but maybe he had missed it in the earlier rounds of self-repair. Or maybe it had slipped his mind in the interim. Both possibilities were frustratingly plausible.
Sherlock was bleeding, again. Lord Walpole was a gentleman embezzler, rather than a hand-to-hand fighter, but he had managed to slice open Sherlock’s palm before John knocked him down.
She gave a little embarrassed smile. "Well, maybe it is. It's just--just a feeling I keep having. Uncomfortable, as if someone's in my flat. Or lots of someones. It feels--" she smiled nervously-- "oh it's so silly, but it feels like hundreds of tiny eyes following me everywhere."
“All right.” Sherlock felt too full to smile, too full almost to speak. “Shall we go now?”
"Damn, he's blocked my shot," she muttered. "Do you want me to wait, or risk an incomplete? Interior's not accessible from here, and we can't assume he'll come to the door again."
Sherlock slid onto his feet and crossed the room to his music stand. Yesterday’s sheet music was still on the stand, and his violin was in its case on the table, instead of in its usual spot under the chair. He took up the instrument and plucked, and John roiled into verticality.
"Yes," he said, as if it were as simple as saying so. Baker Street had not been let to anyone else, Sherlock knew. But he did not much like the idea of moving back there without John. He was suddenly very tired, and wished Molly would leave.
He shook his head slightly, wincing as the movement sent a bolt of pain through his thorax.
“No,” Sherlock managed to say. He was also struggling for breath. “We’ll, um. Have to interview them. Directly. To, to, see.”
John had followed him in haring all over London, in those early days, from the civilian streets and onto the battlefield. He had followed Sherlock into the chemical-haunted mists of Dartmoor, had all but followed him off the roof at Barts and then spent grief-stricken months punishing himself because he hadn’t. John had followed Sherlock down to the bare bones of his own soul, confronting a part of himself he had hardly dared name, past his own rage and grief to the truth at his own core, because he had lost Sherlock once and did not want to lose a moment more. Surely John could follow him one step further, to understand that the man who had haunted them was no man, but a spider at the center of the web.
“It’s fine. It’s quite good, actually. But Sherlock—” John laid down his knife and fork and looked at him.
"Molly," Sherlock said haltingly, "I want to... that is... I do realize that you are doing a great deal for me."
Sherlock nods absently, soaks in the sounds of John's puttering in the kitchen. A moment later, John emerges, leaves a mug for Sherlock, takes his own to the chair across the way and settles in to read.
Seeing him, John flinches too.
“Be right back,” he said, as they neared one of the drinks tables. John drained his glass and peeled away from Sherlock to swap his empty glass for a full one.
Best suited seem?
"Wait, Sherlock, stop." John reached across the table and took his hand. Sherlock stopped. He stared at his hand in John's. That amount of data, while difficult, was more manageable than the alternative.
“All right?” John asked.
John bit his lip and looked away.
“Shhh, stay still.” Sherlock cut him off, thumb stroking along his jawbone. “Your rib may be broken, it’s best you don’t move.”
That, itself, might have been the problem.
“Not enough facts.” Which in principle should have made things more interesting, but it had turned out to be a dull case: dull people taken up with dull concerns. Definitely one of two dull people in particular – among the plausible suspects, Raymond Walters and Matthew Creighton were the only physically active men who were tall enough to have inflicted petechial bruising in this particular pattern in the initial act of strangulation – but without trace evidence, forensics could not determine which one. Bedelia Forsythe’s killer had achieved the unusual feat of leaving not a single piece of trace evidence, though the particular circumstances of the crime scene (Sherlock thought resentfully) had likely helped him succeed far beyond the scope of his own ability.
“You should get some sleep,” John said.
“Where to?” asked the cabbie.
The memories of those observations sent a brush of sensation over Sherlock's skin, like dozens of tiny feet skittering across his skin. He shivered violently, and his wounded chest throbbed. He drew a deep breath. That hurt too, but it was a pain he chose and it was steadying.
John frowned. “It’s… fine, I suppose.” He paused. “Since when do you care?”
“You need to keep struggling,” Sherlock said softly.
“That could change,” John said softly.
“You have to lean in,” John said, voice still reedy. “That was how he killed her.”
“Not to me.” Sherlock looked up. John’s voice was tight, bound up with something Sherlock could not identify.
When the knot was done, Sherlock handed him the scissors from the counter.
John starts at the sound, blinking. "I'll just get that."
So Sherlock has kept silent, though his heart burns with it.
Her eyes snapped to his, wide and fearful. With their eyes still locked, and hugging her damaged arm close to herself, she nodded slowly.
Sherlock had been in his Mind Palace when Molly arrived at the hospital. She was his first visitor, not counting the assassin-nurse who had stopped by to chat as he’d awoken the day before. A flicker of disappointment, which Sherlock abruptly squashed. John was prone to sulking when he felt slighted, but he would surely come to see him in good time. He had to. None of this was worth it otherwise.
•	overheated
John’s eyes were fixed on the floor in front of him. Possibilities: tired (shadows under eyes corroborated this); anxious (a cognate of insecurity); both tired and anxious. Or he could simply be concentrating hard on a problem he found challenging. But why wouldn’t he ask Sherlock? John was well aware of Sherlock’s problem-solving abilities. Sometimes John did like to try on his own, which Sherlock supposed was good for him, if inefficient.
A crackle, and then: "Holmes. A wounding shot. Don't kill him."
John looked down at his chicken. “I would like to finish this, actually. Since we’re paying for it.”
John wanted to touch him, ground him – hand on the arm, a shoulder squeeze. He’d wanted that a lot, lately, since that night in the alley. But he wasn’t sure it would be welcome, and he couldn’t trust himself anymore. So he only stood, waiting for the orbit of Sherlock’s pacing to bring him close.
“How is your food?” Sherlock asked.
Beneath the standard-issue smell of stale air and rotting wood, Sherlock could detect trace amounts of body odour (unsurprising; it took a lot of work to move so much product) crack cocaine (also unsurprising) and something astringent and plantlike. Galangal – no, dried ginger. That was pleasingly unexpected, and would require some reflection in a quieter moment. Closer to hand, Sherlock could smell wool (John) shoe polish (his own shoes, which had just come back this morning) and the warm, indescribable smell of John’s hair, which was similar to but somehow slightly different than John’s skin. John’s smell changed slightly when he was sweating, as he was now – John was dressed for the cool weather outside, and did not have Sherlock’s ability to adapt.
Perhaps John was also upset about the card from Praggya’s mother. Sherlock, lurching between his own disquiet (card) and white-out immersion (John, touching him: increasingly infrequent), had failed to assess John’s own mental state.  Idiotic, but there was nonetheless a pleasing ironic symmetry to the oversight; it was not an error he would have made before… before.
The newborn morning chased away
Sherlock wasn’t often wrong, but it was often enough for John to know what it looked like: surprise, chagrin, maybe a snarl. This was different.
“He leaned in,” John said. His voice was thin, and Sherlock double-checked the pressure under his arm. It was as he intended, flush against John’s throat but not pressing on the windpipe. He had been careful.
"A message," Sherlock said. "Or a punishment."
Sherlock’s mouth tightened. “I’m fairly sure it isn’t.”
******
with him. Even now, after everything. For months, and for no evident purpose except his own cruel, idiotic amusement.
Sherlock picked up his fork.
"I came back," he agreed. It was almost laughably straightforward, not something that should require so much cataloguing and rearranging.
John moved. There was no reason not to start.
To drive his hand.
His breath was cold against my ear –
But when the impossible had been eliminated, whatever remained -- however improbable -- must be the truth. However remote and absurd that truth may seem, in the light of this golden evening, as they sat together in the sitting room at Baker Street. No, better than old times, Sherlock corrected himself, with a flush of warmth.
He is returned, yet not returned,
Anxious, then. Cause unknown.
Sherlock ignored the fact that he had just asked this exact question. “Hit a bit of a block,” he replied. “It will help me to play a bit. Do you mind?”
To be again at his command,
Plaid shirt, denims, rust red cardigan. Insecure. Why insecure? Sherlock needed more data.
And this, this is the worst: John believing that Sherlock would
“I’ll be in touch,” he said shortly. He left with an extra crisp turn on his heel, which he trusted would communicate his thorough command of the situation.
She would find a way to manage it all. She would. She took the spider in the jar out of her pocket and laid a tentative finger on her dead brother's lips, nose already wrinkling. She'd never liked spiders, but this would be easy compared to the balancing she would have to do next.
He was familiar with the brown recluse. The markings on its back formed the shape of a violin.
Sherlock’s mind snagged. Like the dried ginger, there was something he couldn’t place. He sniffed again. John was sweating from his eccrine glands, but now that he was looking for it, Sherlock picked up a note of apocrine secretion, strong and fresh. John was, possibly:
John drew a few breaths and gave a jerking little nod. “So that’s that, then.” His voice was still hoarse. “We look for the sick bastard who would want to talk to her as he choked her.”
John sighed and looked down at his plate.
Sherlock shook his head. “Former trustee at Whitbury’s foundation. Turns out they only spoke a handful of times. Besides which he’s an idiot.” Sherlock sipped his wine and nodded toward the far wall. “We’ll need to talk to some of the governing board members. See that women in the blue gown? That’s Joan Mansell. She knew Whitbury fairly well, and they weren’t friends. Come on, we’d best do this while Whitbury is on the other side of the room.” He put his free arm around John’s waist and started to guide him toward their new target.
And drove my lover, heedless, on.
Sherlock, watching her through the rising steam, was suddenly grateful that he didn't need to ask her for anything more. Well, other than her continued silence. But Molly could always be counted on for keeping secrets. If he hadn't known she was made of stern stuff, he wouldn't have asked for her help in the first place.
False fey unmask’d, we took our leave
John checked his watch. 8:47.
“’Colleagues’ don’t get themselves on the invitation list for an LGBT Civil Servants’ reception, John. Not without a history of advocacy for the cause. We had to be plausible social climbers, it was easier than fabricating or establishing a service record.”
“No tea,” he announced, even before John had got the flat door unlocked. “We need to run a simulation.”
Those longings lingered in my mind
“Well, Mr. Vernet,” said the gentleman whose name Sherlock had already forgotten, “executive undersecretary is a fine job for a young man making his way up through the ranks. A cousin of mine held a similar post at the Treasury some years ago. He…”
Then, a flicker interrupts the steady gold pool of the back lamp. Only a moth -- they'd got into the coat closet below about a month ago, quite careless of all the insecticide -- but still, Sherlock flinches.
Damnit. “Did they…”
John sighed and leaned against the wall. “You’ve saved a lot of other girls today,” he said. “Their parents won’t thank you, but that’s because they won’t know what might have happened, without you. And that… that’s incalculable.”
"You see," Sherlock explained, "they've been spying on me. The spiders."
Molly swallowed, then held out her arm, forearm up. The scar was deep, and quite ugly. Sherlock winced at the sight, leaned forward. He recognized the aftermath of necrosis. He'd done several studies on the subject.
On the ground, the target had shifted, and Holmes had stepped halfway into the house.
And words unsaid.
"Sherlock," Molly said, setting down her sponge and shutting off the tap. "Don't do this. Don't--you need to tell John."
•	responding to recent exertion
John grunted and wiped a hand across his face. “Everything okay?”
"It was always for you," Sherlock says softly.
Sherlock nodded attentively, as if he were listening, and meanwhile scanned the ballroom. Well-fed trustees of various foundations mixed with MPs and a handful of celebrity guests. His client, in a dove-grey suit by the hors d’oeuvres island in the center of the room; his alleged extortionist, in an absurd green tail coat. It was hideous, but it did save Sherlock the trouble of needing to track his movements closely.
“Hurry up,” Sherlock said, as they pelted out the door. “She might still be alive.”
The waiter left, and then it was just John, looking at him.
Upon my bed.
“Two centimetres, Sherlock,” John said steadily, in between loud, hollow breaths. “Two centimetres, and it would have been your brachial artery.”
John jerked his head meaningfully, as if Sherlock were slow, but there was no time to be irritated. Sherlock picked his way carefully into the open space and then wedged himself behind the tall crate. There was only about half a metre’s clearance between it and the crate behind it, but the voices were getting closer. Half a moment later, John edged in beside him, pressing up against his arm.
It was the sort of thing John frequently said when he patched Sherlock up after a case, but with slightly altered grammatical structures that shifted the meaning. But that was John: there was always something surprising. Typically, John used the subjunctive to plead his case, and turned to the simple future tense when he was trying to scare Sherlock into complying. It was less obvious what he meant by the simple future in this case. Was he making predictions? Was it an attempt at a request that had got muddled because John was in pain, and it was interfering with his language processing? Interesting to consider that John’s grammatical paradigms would give way under pressure; Sherlock hadn’t noticed this before. John had not been injured, though, only Sherlock. His arm did hurt quite a bit. Perhaps that was slowing his thought processes. The knife had missed his brachial artery, but the resulting injury was still moderately dangerous, as well as painful. Sherlock wondered what John was going to do to make him be more careful.
At nine o’clock, he tucked a five quid note under his water glass and left.
John raised an eyebrow. “You’re not eating?”
“Mmm. No, s’fine.”
“And then when we get home it can... Also be you and me.”
The strangeness on his face shifted, and he recognized it: leather gloves, cupping his face. John pulled his eyes open. Sherlock was staring at him, eyes cinder-bright.
Three weeks ago, Sherlock had touched John’s cheek in an alleyway, and John’s skin had told him something he had never known about himself. It was a secret he wasn’t sure he could trust it to keep.
“But sometimes not,” Sherlock said carefully.
"So that's that," she said quietly. She did not look up.
Oh. The waiter. He had gotten distracted.
John continued to tap gently across Sherlock’s knuckles, over and over again. It had the practiced quality of something he had been doing for a long time.
John closes his eyes. "Roaches," John says sharply. "It would attract roaches." He draws a noisy breath and meets Sherlock's eyes for the first time this evening. "That would be lovely, wouldn't it. Maybe you could make up a new theory."
Sherlock stared. John’s eyes remained fast to the floor, and he was trembling.
Sherlock fastened his attention to his own menu and tried to breathe normally. All of his planning, he realized, was not going to be helpful.
Though London-town he has resumed.
What John meant was that he himself desperately needed sleep, though he may have been too tired to realize it. It made a neat little Mobius loop, Sherlock thought. He was also tired, but his mind was sharp, synthesizing information, lifting up little patterns and discarding them when they no longer proved useful. There was no real utility to this particular pattern, John’s sleep-clouded misdiagnosis of his own exhaustion, but Sherlock knew he would not discard it.
John wheezed, and Sherlock felt a double-flash: panic, then understanding.
Sherlock pushed himself to sitting, ignoring the pain. "Show me."
"Since you left. Died. Whatever."
“Observe,” corrected John, and let out a wheezy version of his absurd high giggle. Sherlock laughed too, and stepped back into the room in the new bright looseness of the moment.
John said nothing out loud, but he didn’t need to. Sherlock felt his insides curdle.
The assassin chewed her lip in irritation. Back before he'd fucked off to God-only-knows-where, the old Boss had warned her that his upcoming replacement was a micromanager -- and coming from him, that was saying something. But he hadn't been joking. Mr. Westwood would never have insisted on second-to-second contact for a simple job like this.
And she might have been, John thought, as he and Sherlock waited for coroner’s team to arrive. It had been thirty minutes to Southall. Now they were here, and Praggya Khatri’s body was still warm, and Sherlock was pacing the half-restored flat as if Fred Bailey had somehow fiddled with his wiring, too.
But he couldn't. Not when he knew so clearly, so certainly. He had seen for himself the webs in every corner of every room he ever found, the skittering shadows on the wall of every alleyway. It was the truth, however improbable, and he could not let it go, whatever the cost.
Sherlock waited patiently while John dragged the coffee table to the center of the room and stood in the cleared space.
Sherlock rearranged. Concern for John, rather than a sense of being slighted or overlooked. Interesting.
His hand, in John’s. He had tried to think of everything, but this had never occurred to him.
Postulate: John had overcome his own recent aversion to Sherlock’s person to offer him physical comfort, in response to perceived need.
“Mrs. Forsythe.” Sherlock tossed his own coat onto the sofa. “The newspaper was 3.2 meters from the south wall, and folded cleanly where it hit the floor, which means she dropped it directly when her attacker surprised her, rather than flinging it to the side; therefore, she was standing on that spot, or very near it.” He pointed. “Stand there, it will put you at exactly the same distance from our wall. The coffee table will need to be moved, obviously.”
John was right – it was the only way to replicate the physical evidence – but it also didn’t make sense as a pattern of movement. Sherlock was shorter than the two suspects and John was the same height as the victim. There was no obvious way for him to reproduce the pattern of damage from where he was standing.
"Sherlock," Molly said, when his eyes had opened. She sat forward, the stress dropping from her shoulders. "You came back."
John steeled himself and marched across the room. It was closer than they had been in almost a week, when Sherlock had held John and let him cry out all his frustration about Harry. And it had helped, God it had helped, even as John’s breath went to war with itself, struggling to keep all his feelings where they belonged.
"That's not what– all right, guilty as charged, that's what most of my dates are like.” John touched his thumb to the knuckles of Sherlock’s hand, a gentle tap on each finger. “But it’s not… it doesn’t have to be like that.”
Hypothesis: Physical contact, otherwise unwelcome, might be at present acceptable or even desirable. Even if John did not, in the event, welcome the contact, he would recognize and maybe even appreciate Sherlock’s intentions. He would not, at least, be disgusted.
“John,” was all he said. John felt his leg shake, and suddenly Sherlock was there, his arms around John’s shoulders, holding him steady while John squeezed his eyes shut and breathed.
Sherlock peered sidelong. John’s right arm was horribly exposed. Anyone who came up between the row of shelves – as any experienced mercenary would know to do – would see him clearly.
Some dark thing shifted in her face. She gave him one cold look and then turned the tap back on, full force. The conversation was clearly over.
Sherlock sat down in his chair, opposite John, and looked.
“Clearly.” Sherlock was still standing close – too close, really, now that the simulation was over. Moving back would be appropriate.
And homeward drew.
But, ah! the wish that comes unbid
who does to paths of solitude
Sherlock had not expected John to believe him right away. No sensible person could have been expected to, without solid first-hand evidence -- and John had at that point been so angry at Sherlock that even reasonable evidence might have been too challenging for him to absorb.
As I lay ‘pon my lonesome bed
Right. This wasn’t Angelo’s.
Nevertheless, a thorough review revealed no weaknesses. Sherlock stood, then stopped. The prospect of being wrong was intolerable. But then, there was no way to collect evidence without experimenting.
"Sherlock, are you all right?" Molly piped in. "I'm sorry, of course you're not all right. But apart from the gunshot, I mean. You look..." she stopped, swallowed. "Quite awful, actually."
It was the wrong thing to say; John only looked more uncomfortable.
Sherlock said nothing. There was no point in repeating himself.
"Moriarty sent them after me. To stop me from exterminating his network."
“Praggya’s mother won’t thank me,” Sherlock had said bitingly, as they stood over the still-warm body of the girl whose killer they caught two days later, two days late.
"Yes, but he doesn't know that!" she cried. "He doesn't know you're doing anything at all, because he thinks you're dead, he watched you--" Molly took a deep breath. She seemed surprised at her own outburst. "Sherlock, even you can't be so cruel as that. I know you need everyone to think you're dead, but surely John."
******
They bolted toward the nearest rack of shelves and crouched down. There were three shelves, running parallel to the front wall and filled like checkerboards with unopened crates, stacked two deep; he and John would be invisible here, unless someone came down to their end of the warehouse and caught them squarely in a torch beam. Sherlock felt a pleasant tingle as the voices echoed like pebbles off the metal walls. John preferred excitement, no matter what he had said the other night, and Sherlock preferred it too.
“But it wasn’t,” he answered.
When he rolled the man over he knew exactly who it was. It was Sherlock covered in blood with his eyes open but, any sign of life was deleted from his face. As John looked at his friend's face it sent chills through his body. It seemed as though Sherlock's eyes were looking straight through him as if John were a ghost.
The two sat and ate as the record played on, John glanced up at Sherlock every so often to see if he was enjoying the songs that played. Sherlock never disappointed.
Mother Superior jump the gun
Sherlock stood up straight “Oh, your back. I- I was just about to go out.”
It's driving me mad’
Sherlock shot up out of his bad dream, and ran up to John’s room. His feet weren’t moving fast enough, he didn’t want his friend to be in pain any longer. It was his fault, his wrong doing and this would be the last time that he hurt John Watson.
Any confidence Sherlock had that he would fix John immediately shriveled and died in him, Sherlock felt small and helpless. He walked next to the bed and began to slowly unravel John from the covers. The sheets were wet, Sherlock had assumed that it was just from the panic that had been inflicted on John so he thought nothing of it.
“Your brother would be very disappointed that you picked it back up, no?”
“You’ve outdone yourself Watson, what’s the occasion?”
Down to the bits that I left uptown
“Hello mummy.” Sherlock said as he opened the door.
“Sherlock,” John said looking up at the tall man and grasping his shoulder. “Are you alright?”
When Sherlock opened his eyes he saw the man standing there with a baseball bat drawn back over his shoulder Sherlock looked up and said, “фуцк.” “Fuck you.” Then blacked out from the blow to his head.
He had grown a sad excuse for a beard he was so skinny that if he had looked at himself long enough he would start to wonder if he was still alive. Sherlock could feel himself start to blackout he could either run away and hide until the morning or he could just knock.
The sudden boom of Sherlock’s voice cutting through the silence of the flat startled John sending a shock through his spine causing him to jolt up straight. John’s fists also flew up in a fighting position because of the fight rather than flight method he learned from the days in the army. John’s mind buffered for a moment before he knew what was actually going on.
Sherlock walked forward with blind excitement to see John.
And I told them where to go’
Sherlock felt like he was floating, when he spoke his voice would echo all around him and when John looked at him he would see the world in Technicolor.
I want you so bad
‘Love is old, love is new’
“Why are you mad then?”
“John tell me what to do hurry before you stop b-” Sherlock gasped as his friend's body went completely limp, his eyes still open, staring at Sherlock. Sherlock’s heart moved into his throat as he frantically scrambled to find a pulse on John. Finally Sherlock’s fingers found their way to John’s neck, with a sigh of relief Sherlock felt John’s rapid pulse under his finger tips.
When Sherlock opened the door the first thing he saw was his friend thrashing around on the floor. He was tangled in his sheets and as Sherlock came closer he could see a layer of sweat covering John’s face. Sherlock’s eyebrows pinched together in sadness at the sight of his friends face, John seemed scared confused and worried all at the same time.
Tears began to stream down John’s face and with a flick of his eyes he was suddenly gazing into Sherlock’s sole. It was just the two of them now unmasked of dreams and drugs, completely and utterly naked.
The man raised his fist up and took a swig at Sherlock, he missed the detectives face completely and hit John instead. John had anticipated the punch sense the start of the argument so as soon as the officers fist had come into contact with his jaw John’s own fist immediately shot up and was driven into the center of the guys nose. The two jumped on eachother and ended up on the floor both trying to knock the other unconscious.
Sherlock looked up too tired and too weak to talk.
John’s eyes shot open and he stopped screaming, Sherlock froze, the whole room turned still besides John trembling and heavy breathing.
Sherlock’s eyelids dropped halfway over his eyes then he yelled, “What did you say Anderson?! was it something about an affair with Sally?! Or is that wrong?!” Sherlock smiled, he could practically feel  the boat shake a little as Anderson’s heart hit the deck.
On his way home John stopped by a book shop and picked up a human anatomy book. He walked up to 221B and stared at the door, his mind wonder, Sherlock could be gone again because of him he could be in a crack house with a needle in his arm because of his selfishness.
Sherlock’s heart sank as he saw John struggling. He had the most painful expression plastered across his face. Tears fell from his cheeks as he pleaded “Sherlock come back!”. Sherlock wanted to help him but he didn’t know how. Sherlock had blood streaming down his face from the cuts that John had Inflicted on him, he wasn’t sure if it was safe. But Sherlock put aside all his worries and walked over to John. He placed his hand on John’s cheek, almost immediately John calmed down and held Sherlock’s wrist, pushing the detective's hand harder against his face.
“Oi, What is it?”
Anderson's eyes bulged as he frantically looked around to see who heard what Sherlock had said, everyone was staring at Anderson, silently shunning him with their eyes. Anderson swallowed and quickly disappeared under the balcony that Sherlock was standing on. Sherlock and Anderson both gained pleasure from antagonizing each other, more so Sherlock because no matter what he always gets the last laugh.
“Oi, I thought that mummy wouldn’t let you listen to this sort of stuff.” John laughed as he poured his third glass of wine.
And my friends have lost their way’
John checked Sherlock’s pulse, was too fast.
Unable to bring himself to push John away he cradled John’s head to his chest and whispered words of reassurance that they were going to be okay.
It was four O’clock in the morning and and the boys found themselves standing in a abandoned house surrounded by cops.
There’s the usual family reunion, the couple that’s strictly here to gamble for four day straight, and the family of four where the mom and dad are workaholics and the two teen kids who can’t stand each other. But there’s one kid that is interesting to me-
John stepped back in return.
“How! How could you do this to me! How could you leave me hear!” John stood up and trembled to the window. He stood there with an object in his hand which was impossible to make out due to the poor picture.
As John looked at what he had done he completely lost control of all of his emotions and started crying. As Sherlock relaxed in relief that it was finally over he rolled himself off of John and laid right next to him on the floor.
“I thought you were asleep, I wouldn’t have-” Sherlock scrambled for an explanation to why he was looking at John.
He didn’t look down at John in fear of what his nerves would do to him. John kept his hand on Sherlock’s cheek the whole way until Sherlock laid him on his bed as Sherlock moved slowly away from John his hand left his face releasing a pocket of blood that had been cupped between Sherlock’s cheek and John’s hand.
Sherlock left his spot on the 7th floor deck as fast as possible trying his hardest to avoid any American that walked his way. He ran to the kitchen and weaved his way through the panicked kitchen staff. He made his way the the head sheff, Greg, the only person that Sherlock remotely liked. He jumped up onto the counter where Greg had his spices and vegetables layed out one his cutting board. Sherlock grabbed an apple out of a bowl that zoomed past him with a frantic staff member attached to it he hadn’t noticed the theft, but Greg had.
The two men got up and left the bathroom and carried on with their morning it was a Saturday which meant that unless a case came their way they had absolutely no plans. One never came up, Sherlock spent all day rotating from his mind palace to a random experiment about how finger knuckles were different than toe knuckles. And John spent the day updating his blog and responding to his emails.
John’s stitched eyebrow flew up in a questioning look.
Sherlock lowered himself onto the steps he brought his knees up to his chest and put his head in his hands then started to cry.
Sherlock shot up from the tile floor of Mis. Hudson’s bathroom, he could hear him screaming it was John. Sherlock grabbed the toilet and the sink, he used what little strength he had left to pull himself to his feet and towards John’s screams. Sherlock stumble out of Mis. Hudson’s flat and to the stairs. He took a big breath and started to climb the stairs, his fingers clawed at the railing as he pulled himself up the steps.
"Now, the butterfly. The killer left a butterfly spread out in the center of the victim's chest.
He arrived at the college, saw a light on in a window, and went into the building opposite for the perfect viewpoint to watch from.
"Live long and prosper. A traditional blessing among my people. It has a variation, as well: Peace and long life."
Now Sherlock rolled his eyes.
"No, actually. Here to kill you. Sort of the opposite of that."
The moment hung between them, crystalline, thick with tension.
He... also needs to observe him on a case. Professionally. Of course, obviously, John knows he can't possibly live up to the hype. No one could. But he should come up with his own gauge of the man's capabilities. For the hit.
Okay.
"I'm not asking you to stop working. You can keep doing the whatever that is with the microscope and take a sip of water now and then. Won't disrupt you at all."
"That's hardly necessary. I am not a threat to you," came Sherlock's deep baritone.
"--first you said he had a job that exposed him to violence and let him feel protective and helpful, now you're saying specifically that we're looking for a military background. He's a vigilante, Sherlock.
No, but he didn't want a false half-bond with John either. He wanted the real thing, all of it, but that was far too much to ask.
Sherlock snarled.
"Oh, this seems exactly like the sort of thing he'd do. It's got his fingerprints all over it," he said. "But judging by your response, I guess not. So what the hell are you doing here? You've been sending quite a few mixed messages. Are you protecting me or hunting me?"
360 degree perimeter surveillance and snipers in the trees. Only one way in or out, a thick stone wall surrounding the entire square mile of land it sat on, and not an inch of it unguarded.
"Do I call you Sherlock or Shhr-Sirl-Srilock-- um, that other one, I'll get it eventually-- now?"
"Don't know?"
Then he examined Mycroft and Sherlock and got wildly different results.
John swore and followed.
And now, the three youngest stablehands were standing around waiting at the palace gates, while the adults and older kids got on with their real work.
Plus they had invited John to Eid al-Fitr last year and he had learned that convening the entire Holmes family in a social situation with other humans was, in fact, the peak of comedy. Mycroft had spent an entire hour and a half lecturing captive small children about tax law. T'Va'kau (though John had known her as Violet back then) had not displayed a single emotion or facial expression the entire day-- at one point, John had started watching to see if she ever blinked, but then he got too weirded out to continue. She had spoken very cryptically and formally to him about bonds.
so much plot happens in the next chapter, I promise
"It's a slim chance. In all likelihood, she was targeted purely because of her profession."
John waited.
"Oh, whatever!" he said. "So you're not straight?"
For a moment, Sherlock looked so young and vulnerable and painfully hopeful. Then his expression shuttered closed.
The Holmes parents sat gracefully, Mr. Holmes smiling a thank you at John after being given tea.
It was maybe ten minutes before they could see the carriage winding through the trees. The royal family's personal carriage, painted black and trimmed with gold leaf, the flag of Nyrity atop each corner, adorned with banners of the royal colors, pulled by four stately white horses whose manes and tails had been braided immaculately. It was merely the first of a caravan of four. The other carriages were much less fine, and held only luggage and a small fleet of the crown prince's personal attendants.
He shook his head. "No. No," he said. "You're putting me on. Taking the piss. There's no way you're an alien. There just isn't. That's-- No!"
"Precisely. Humans don't realize what they're doing when they touch me. They don't have all the information."
just so I can... Oh my god, you're going to try and get me to make it, aren't you?
"Not--" John started. He sighed. "I know you don't, okay? You're way too-- You just wouldn't. I-- It's not even about that."
he started.
"Half-human and half...?"
He nodded. "Alright."
Life went on in 221B, albeit somewhat differently.
He snorted. "Too easy. Everything was a scandal back then," he said. "And then I would have died young of consumptive fever."
The bullet was still lodged in there and John was pretty sure he could feel it scraping along his tibia when he moved, if it was even possible to feel such a thing. And this was a good thing, really, because the bullet being in his leg meant it was not at the crime scene. Plus, exit wounds did a whole lot of extra damage. The last time John had been shot, it had been a through-and-through, and he'd almost bled out on the sand and got a near-fatal infection.
Mycroft would drop by on occasion but now he annoying chose to speak solely in Vulcan. Sherlock retaliated by speaking only in English, except for the occasional word here and there that John suspected strongly were curses. It was a thing to watch. John couldn't keep up with it at all. He thought that even if he was fluent in Vulcan, he would have a hard time switching languages that often and that frequently.
And even well before, when he had first caught sight of the man, Sherlock had known he wasn't a tech. He knows a microscope when he sees one, and that was not a bloody microscope.
”So he is the one who sent you. Pity. And here I’d hoped you’d been stalking me properly.”
"Yes, I
have to offer the professor?”
"What's a bondmate?"
Sherlock Holmes. Consulting detective, works cases with Scotland Yard occasionally as well as for private clients. Has stumbled onto something of the professor's at least three times that John knows of personally. Younger brother to the ever-formidable Mycroft Holmes. Runs an extremely pretentious website where he lies through his teeth about the extent of his abilities.
"Yes yes, and it's clearly the most hilarious thing to have ever happened--"
Hassu = doctor/healer
"Right," the voice said, darker now. "It seems like you might've misunderstand your orders. Now personally, I thought they were pretty clear, but maybe you need another meeting with the professor to sort things out?"
"Okay," John said. "Okay, so, your-your name. Would you prefer if...?"
"It is not that simple. Only a bondmate can slake the blood fever. The plak tow, we call it."
Not that he was going to shoot Sherlock in a room full of coppers. Or shoot his way out of this. But should the need arise, he had brought his gun that looked the least like a gun and the most like a piece of strange science equipment. No scope, and with the right confidence, he has no doubt that he could fully assemble the thing and fire it before anyone suspects a thing.
Also, who would bring a microscope directly to a crime scene? Does the man not know anything about the forensic process? Sherlock had fully intended to confront him about it and set him to rights after he'd dealt with the case, but the man had left before he'd gotten the chance. Damned rude.
alert anyone," Sherlock said.
"That's beautiful," John said. "Your whole language sounds beautiful."
Grunewald Manor was set far out in the country. It lay deep in the center of a valley, surrounded by a lush wood. It was almost more palace than manor-- complete with an extravagant fountain in the center courtyard, a drive a half mile long, columns and balconies and towers with spires.
S'haile = Lord
”I can make you a deal.”
And that was when John saw it.
John decided that was good enough.
There was nothing-- objectively speaking-- extraordinary about it. John was intelligent for a human, but not a genius. He was quick and darkly funny and horribly sensible at times. There was a low-level thrum of energy that spoke of contentment and excitement. Sherlock saw the internal war between strong morals and responsibility versus a deep-seated desire for danger and trouble. He'd have bet anything that John lived a perfectly well-behaved life with ironclad control right up until he left his family home for university. Even then, becoming a medical doctor required a certain amount of discipline and good sense, and he'd immediately traded university life for the rigid structure of the military. Living with Sherlock was the most freely dangerous, chaotic, unpredictable thing John had ever done. He spoke to a lifelong need that had never been fulfilled, only teased in tastes and sips.
"Is that why you avoid anyone touching you?"
John rolled his eyes and hoisted Sherlock up, wrapping one of Sherlock's arms over his shoulders. "Lazy git," he said. "If I wasn't so worried about you passing out from blood loss, and God knows when the last time you ate was, by the way..."
He would be lying if he claimed never to have dreamt of what it would be like to meld with John for pleasure. Not to accomplish anything, not for any specific end, but simply because they were married and it was a pleasurable thing to do with each other. He had told himself (repeatedly, very firmly) that it would likely be nothing exceptional, quite possibly dull, and furthermore, it was unlikely to ever happen. John valued his privacy too much. He wouldn't want strange aliens poking around in his mind.
"Come on. You didn't eat breakfast."
He gave it a quick examination, determined it to be real and nonsequential, and then he shook the professor's hand.
"I am not human, obviously."
"Oh. Well, it's no problem, Mrs. Holmes. I'm glad to do it."
"Maybe he's just beating his family," Anderson said. "You said he'd have one, right? All the traditional values and whatnot? Maybe
John washes the product and dye out of his hair. Removes his colored contacts, his favorite pair-- brown is so generic. Shaves off the week's worth of growth on his face, immaculately groomed and darkened with brown mascara. He owns a surprising amount of makeup products, actually, and he gets weird looks when he goes shopping for them, but the fuck does he care about it?
to sleep right now."
"Sorry," John cut in. "Srlok?"
"Alright. Slapping you. Now, what's your resting heart rate?"
"Is there anything I need to know?" he asked. "Medically?"
John nodded. Moriarty waved a hand, and the giant pile of muscle in the corner moved forward. He laid a briefcase on the desk, flicking it open to show off the cash.
"...Sherlock is fine," he said. "Only my family call me Srlok."
And Sherlock explained without words.
Said mad detective eventually got into a cab and John decided to follow, on a lark.
