Tony was just opening his mouth to say, “Coffee?”—the only word he could come up with—when Natasha materialized at his side offering him a cup with a faint hint of a smile and an upraised eyebrow.
“The anomaly arrived at exactly twenty-one-hundred hours, sir.”
“You're real cute, Cap.”  Tony said with a smirk.  “Just because—”  (--I’m playing with--  No, wait.)  “Just because
Something caught his eye just before he closed it.  Seriously?  Rogers had been watching “Bratty Subs Brought in Line”?  Ew.  Just
So training sucked. His down time sucked too.
Steve chuckled.  “I love you too.”  Steve rubbed his cheek against Tony’s chest and up to his neck, nuzzling him like a cat.  Tony stroked him, tension draining out of his body.
“Banner’s on science, quinjet lab secure.”
Steve’s ears were bright pink.  He gave a tight little nod.
“No! Sorry.” Steve shook his head. “I didn’t mean it like that. Not like my worth came from the serum--of course not! Without it, I’d still be someone who does his best to be honest and kind and do the right thing, and that matters. It matters a lot! But well—those are hardly qualities that would have brought me to the attention of someone like
Tony crashed to his knees, landing so hard on the concrete that he gasped as pain shot up his body.  He bowed his head and lifted his palms.  He heard Steve take a sharp breath.
Tony felt certain Rogers wasn’t being straight with him, but it didn’t seem like Tony could press the point since Rogers was right—Clint and Natasha
“Sunroom?”
Steve handed over a wooden Starship Enterprise. Tony grinned. “I am definitely hanging this one myself.”
Tony caught his breath.  There he was—big, blond, and beautiful—hovering on the threshold of Tony’s lab, actually
“Ready?” he asked Tony, who nodded in reply.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH!
Tony wiped his brow and fumbled for the M-6 screwdriver.
Tony didn’t know what to say to that, but his mouth was full of pancake so he didn’t have to decide.
“Bruce?” Tony said, trying to figure out what to say.
, and Howard spent all his time out on that boat looking for the Captain when he should have been spending time with Tony.”
Tony took a sip of his scotch and nodded. “Yeah. I was going over some of the Foundation’s reports and it turns out we’re looking for a new trustee for the Stark Scholars Fund. Our mission is to support talented submissives in highly dominated fields, and I thought you might be interested.”
“You like it?” Tony asked, voice a little hesitant.  Steve nodded against his shoulder and kissed him on the cheek.  (But, really, all this nodding is getting ridiculous.)
“Oh.” Tony tried to conceal his disappointment. “Again?”
Ha! Steve wasn’t so terrible at this after all! He didn’t actually want to move (it would disturb Tony), but he felt this funny urge to puff his chest out, throw his shoulders back a bit, and hold his head high. (Hey, he was pretty damn pleased with himself. He came up with a subtle Step 1 seduction move that worked on *Tony Stark.* He should be pleased with himself.)
Tony shrugged.
“Like Mars or something?” Rogers asked.
Tony let out a nasty little laugh and turned to look over (okay, damn it,
(Twenty years ago, Tony would have despised him, or at least avoided him like the plague. Now, he hoped he knew better than to dismiss someone based on appearance or mannerisms.)
Bruce let out a murmur of agreement.  He was still breathing heavily.  (Not a fan of flying, apparently.)
Tony smiled. (Did Steve need an hour to get dressed?) Tony chuckled, feeling pleased by the idea. (Oh, god, they were such teenagers!)
Steve pressed a soft, fleeting kiss to Tony’s lips—then his cheek, his throat. Steve caressed Tony’s forehead, cheekbone, jaw, ran his fingers lightly along Tony’s neck and shoulders.
“JARVIS? Is Tony awake?”
Does he not understand that he can always say no, he doesn’t have to force himself to please me?  Oh fuck.  We really didn’t talk enough.  He didn’t even know what a safeword was!  Fuck, fuck, fuck.)
about it.  Emails with Tony’s full name in them.  And they thought he wouldn’t hack in and find out?  Morons.)
“Romanov kept fighting with a broken wrist,” Rhodey told him incredulously. “She hardly let up long enough for them to put it in a splint and give her shoulder seventeen stitches before going back out. Rogers didn’t like it, but seemed to know he couldn’t keep her down. Barton’s got a shattered ankle; I moved him from perch to perch a few times and he just kept on going. Other than the ankle, he’s fine.”
A little smile came to Tony’s lips.  (Of course you have, baby.)
Steve laughed.
“Huh?”  (Pepper usually dragged him kicking and screaming to important networking events.)
Steve hurried from the kitchen, eager to find Natasha, and collided with--
“I don’t mean it like that,” Steve said with clear exasperation and impatience. “Nobody should deal with that.  It’s wrong.  There are laws—especially now.”
Steve looked surprised and perhaps a hint uneasy? (Huh? Oh.) Tony caressed Steve’s back and clarified in a more playful tone, “Open invitation—with or without ‘boot knocking.’”
(Let's get this show on the road.)
“Fuck you,” Tony snapped, “I’m not sixteen anymore and I said--”
“But weren’t your Howling Commandos part of the Army too?”
“There's a situation.”
“Stop saying that!” Bruce yelled, hands clenching hard into fists.  Steve’s eyes went wide with surprise and he took a step between them, as if reflexively.  Tony glared and he immediately backed off.
Rhodey and Captain America were sitting on the living room floor, drinking beer, and laughing.
Tony sighed and shook his head. “Shut it all down, JARVIS,” he said and headed for the elevator. He’d take the express up to his own floor and his own scotch. (Rogers practically lived in that common room, so, yeah-- no.) Eventually, they’d have to talk, but not yet. Not until Tony figured out what the hell he wanted to say.
The men in the movie didn’t seem like such great fellas in most ways, quite frankly, but it was still pretty funny.  Tony sure seemed to be enjoying it.  Steve could feel Tony glancing over at him when he thought Steve wouldn’t notice, checking like he always did to make sure that Steve liked it too.  And, just like always, Steve pretended not to notice him doing it, and then laughed a little louder at the funny bits.
. If you’re game.”
“Yeah,” Steve answered. “Good boy.”
Steve’s breath hitched again. The air was thick and heavy around them and then suddenly it was all too much.
“Yeah,” Steve said roughly. “I—”
“No. No, I doubt they’d do that,” Steve agreed. “Are you sure?”
He poured them another round.
“So, uh,” Tony said awkwardly, “I am glad—I mean, grateful, you know.” He paused, then clarified, “that you saved my life, I mean.”
.  It’s like you’re holding me . . . )  Steve gasped.
Agree, @KentuckySub1977. Cap’s physique is legit unnatural and I know it’s not PC to say this, but the whole project was
. Wanted to want to and wanted not to be able. To be denied.
Steve nodded.
Tony kept an eye out for the tiny number of people he actually liked while schmoozing his way through vague acquaintances and opponents.
“Nothing’s
“Mmmm?” Tony mumbled, pretending absentminded abstraction.
Steve crossed his arms over his chest. “No. We’re—we’re not doing that again. Not like that.”
. ‘Cause I’m an archer, right? Cool. I get it. And I do really like comics, like we were talking about. Thanks, Tony.” Clint smiled, but it seemed a little sad. “Like I said, I used to try and collect
“All right,” Rogers said with a little smile, just looking at Tony and still bowing forward slightly.
"Are you sure there's nothing else I can--"
“You’re very bold,” Tony said, tightening his hand around Steve’s. He cast Steve an amused little look, then added, “And I don’t remember giving you permission to use my first name.”
“Stay for pizza?” Tony asked softly.
“You’re beautiful,” Steve said, “Look at you.  You’re so—“
But Steve had worried too. That he was intruding. That he didn’t fit in? Tony watched Steve dribble juices over the turkey and wondered what else Steve might have worried about.
The moment lingered. Tony took a deep breath. “Cap?” he began, then fell silent.
“Hey, where is she anyway?” Tony asked.
It felt good, so good.  Kneeling.  The cock in his mouth.  The sounds of pleasure he dragged from Steve as he dragged his mouth up and down his Dominant’s cock.
“Jarvis?”
There didn’t seem to be any pattern correlating weather patterns and portal-like disturbances.  It was driving Tony crazy.  Almost as crazy as waiting to talk to Steve.  (What the hell had he been thinking? Dashing off to help Bruce with research before finding out what Fury and Hill had said to Steve and why the hell Steve was asking stupid questions…)
He began unbuttoning Tony’s shirt as he said, “How blest am I in thus discovering thee!”
“I want you to know,” Steve whispered back.  He shivered and pressed his head to Tony’s chest as he added, “I want you to know, even when it’s hard to say.”
(Good sign…) Tony waited.
“Yeah,” Tony said, trying to shrug it off. He set his coffee mug down a little too hard. “I just forgot something. No big deal.”
Tony shut the whole thing down.  Fuck Rogers anyway.  “
him that he didn’t care, that Steve was wonderful and brilliant whether or not he understood engineering or physics or had a PhD or even a BA.  “
“Yeah,” Steve agreed with another sigh. He kissed the top of Tony’s head.  “Thanks, sweetheart.”
Thank you so much for joining me!
Rogers picked up his fork and looked at his tray with obvious reluctance. Tom smiled—some things are universal.
“I trust you are joking.”
“Hey, J? Tell Clint, we’ll come at 7,” Tony said. “And he can pick the movie—but on his head be it if Bruce or Natasha object to the choice.”
(Bruce was getting kinda into it now! Tony
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist and molded himself to Steve’s back.  “And here I am.”
There's a new out-take set during chapter 55 that's relevant to some of the character dynamics in this chapter.  If you'd like to read it, it can be found here: http://archiveofourown.org/works/10834428  :)
And now Steve was smiling and shaking his head.
“Sir, Captain Rogers asked to be informed when you were awake. Permission to relay this information?”
“Spoilers? What’s the fun in that, Cap?” Tony waved him off. “Shouldn’t we just hit it and see what you can figure out?”
Steve hesitated a moment, then gave her a little salute and snapped his heels.  “I’ll do my best, Sir!”
And Tony still couldn’t decide between feeling pleased and patronized. (As if
“Hard to say.  Why?”
"We're sending an ambassador and entourage to Manottan next week," Phillips continued.  "We're hoping to establish an alliance and treat for some Stark weapons to defend Eire. Ideally, we might even be able to leave a small embassy."
“Great. Thanks. And, uh, please let me know if anyone takes the elevator to my floor.”
used, was laid out with all the utensils, china, and cups like a four star restaurant.  And there was Captain America, refolding the cloth napkins that had mysteriously appeared along with all the fine china.  (No, seriously, what?  He knew he had forks, knives, and spoons, but . . . huh.)
Then a sudden change--he cocked his head to the side and frowned, scanning Steve up and down.
“Well, he’s preparing to play in this charity match and apparently I’m a good training buddy,” Steve said with a sheepish smile. “I guess I caught on quick.” A pause. “You don’t mind, do you?”
“Good morning, sweetheart,” Steve said softly, sweetly. “Did you sleep well?”
Bruce shrugged and handed it over. Tony minimized The Economist and started a new search.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony was so absorbed in the data, he jumped when Cap approached and asked for a report.
“I do love robots,” Pepper said musingly, “But it sounds like I’d be in the way.”
Steve took a long, shuddering breath.
As Tony went for his winter things, he found himself smiling unexpectedly. It had gone well. Really well. Katie and Mikie had earned their no-doubt many-zeroed salaries. (Though, Tony actually had no idea what SI paid their PR rockstars… Huh) The reporters had asked way fewer obnoxious questions than he’d expected and, though it was too soon to say for sure, he had a feeling they’d all be happy with the tone and how the team was presented.
Tony stared.  “Why the hell are you up at five am, Rogers?  And wearing a suit no less.”
Steve took a deep gasping breath and tried to relax.  He shivered.
Tony moved under him, eager to urge Steve on, but his Dom pinned him down, holding him helpless, immobile.
“Nope, not a mistake,” Tony said with a grin, “Welcome to Stark Tower!”
“It won’t be my decision,” Fury answered.  “As team leader, Captain Rogers would be making the final decision.”
“So, if the . . . Other Guy shows up, they probably can get away on their own. I just wanted to know somebody would make sure you get to the suit.”  Bruce stepped a little closer.  “Not just because I worry about you, which I do—I’m your friend, I’m allowed—but also because Iron Man is really best equipped to deal with the Other Guy. It’s the best strategy, ok? It wasn’t an insult.”
Tony sauntered forward with a grin and a shrug. “Geeze, Captain, are you always so loud? Mr. Belford was just heading out.” Tony took Rogers’ arm, and tossed over his shoulder, “Good chat,
Bruce seemed happier once they got to work, but Tony was getting terribly frustrated.  Running in circles with the same fucking data was driving him crazy. And it was
Steve just laughed and Tony’s heart felt full.
“Yeah,” Steve said, with that little smile. “They’re definitely swell.” He turned his gaze to Pepper. “It’s nice to see you Ms. P—I mean, Pepper. I’m glad you’re joining us for Thanksgiving.”
“Tony?”
“Hello and welcome,” said a plump middle-aged woman, handing out menus. “My name is Rosie and I’ll be your server this evening. Shall I get you started with some drinks?”
“Steve said you’d like to try transforming with us soon,” Natasha said. “An isolated rural location would probably be best.”
“Just now. You lied for me. You didn’t have to. You could have told them about my . . .
Rhodey promptly offered Tony his glass of water.
Steve blinked and glanced over at his bed stand where the letter sat.
“This is me rolling my eyes.”
“That’s almost as bad for me as an éclair.”
But she might have an update about Tony, so Steve steeled himself and spoke, trying to force some warmth into his voice: “Good afternoon, Ms. Potts.”
“Awesome! Good! Great.” Clint nodded effusively. (Huh. He was really worried?) “So, I’ll see you for burgers, yeah?”
Tony was swirling his drink in the tumbler.
Steve could hear Tony breathing heavily and moving a little on the bed.  He wanted to look up, but didn’t want to move, disobey.  He could still smell Tony’s arousal more clearly, heavy and musky.
Tony’s blood rushed and he nodded.  Suddenly the exposed-embarrassed-awkward feeling that had been churning uneasily in his gut shifted, coiling hot and tight in his belly with that good-hot-shivery sense of not-quite-really humiliation.
Yep.  It's a series now!  Thanks to your incredible kindness and your support for my writing. <3
“But first,” Tony said, beckoning Steve to the side. “Your present!”
>>>>>>
“What do you think, Cap?” Tony asked.
Tom watched from the neighboring table as Vikram hurriedly moved to a new seat. The Captain cast him a questioning look as he went.
(Oh, fine!
“You know I always sit this one out. Thanksgiving, New Year’s, whatever else, I’m down. I’ll even do Easter!”
“Was that a
“Still no explanation we can find for your coma,” Bruce said, clearly displeased. He pulled a chair to Tony’s bedside.
“Oh, God, Tony,” Steve murmured.  He knelt beside Tony and took his wrists to kiss first his left palm, then his right.  Tony kept his head bent, eyes down, a picture of submission.
Tony shook his head very slightly. There was no point arguing about it.   Bruce sighed.
“Yeah. I’ll call him.” The line was silent for a moment, then Rhodey said, “Yeah, actually, I’d better call him now.”
Steve shuddered. He hated the filth spilling from Tony’s lips, but he loved it too.
Eventually Pepper asked, “So, have you read the Quarterly Report? What did you think of—“
“Last time I flew,” Natasha said, “you complained the whole time that you were bored and wanted to fly.”
Tony laughed.
Over his ass and teasingly between his thighs. (Oh hell yeah!)
“What are those vents for and—oh my God, those are spigots! And that chemical formula!? You—“ Tony was halfway between openmouthed gaping and good old fashioned yelling: “You want to build a containment unit and try to GAS the HULK?!?”
Steve seemed lost in his thoughts; Tony waited quietly and looked away as Steve passed the back of his hand across his eyes.
in her expression. Just calm. Open. The seconds slid by.
“Busy,” Johnny said, smiling. “It’s his first semester back since the girls arrived. Poor Jake’s finding it a hard adjustment, but he really loves teaching.”
“Sir.”
Steve nodded and laid back down.
“You about done here?”
Steve glared.
“Bye, honey-bun.”
(Tony?)
Tony waited quietly, waited long enough he was half afraid that was all Steve would say, when—
Rhodey let out a little chuckle. “This wasn’t exactly planned. I never seem to manage that.” Rhodey shrugged. “Anyway, it’s good to see you again, Steve, and, hey-- I heard the big news.” He held out his hand with a grin. (Do you mean--?) “Tony’s a lucky man.” (Yes!)
“Favorite?” Tony squawked, shoving him away. “You mean there are others? You’ve been running around with other billionaires behind my back? You cheating cad!”
? Or tried to come down and feed him?
“Oh, don’t start.  The Iron Man helmet is way safer than anything mass produced.”
Steve laughed as he looped his arm around Tony and they took off.
“Nah,” Tony said with a dismissive wave.  “I already knew Pepper wasn’t thrilled.”
“Seems like a fair guess,” Bruce answered.
(Shit.) Tony nearly tripped over the cord of the presser foot on the way to the elevator.
The doors closed again and Clint was alone.
The congregation replied with one voice: “We lift them up unto the Lord.”
“Jake,” Steve said, nodding back.  “Thanks for the table.  It’s really swell.”  Steve smiled.  “Jake, this is Tony.”
“Anyway,” Tony said, charging ahead, “Thanksgiving. I thought we might make a thing of it—order a turkey and whatnot.”
Tony threw his head back with a gasp as Steve found his prostate. Steve smiled.
“Ask Agent Romanoff,” Tony hissed.
“Hey, Cap, sorry!” Tony said. “Rhodey was gushing about his new lady love and it’s rare to hear him like that, you know, so I hated to shut him down and besides I’m sort of his confidante on that sort of thing. Sorry I was slow.”
Tony smiled and rushed back to the battle.
“Headed your way, Brucie,” Tony said. “Let me in the top hatch. It’s time to shut this portal.”
Steve worried at his throat, bringing a mark to life, and Tony moaned.
Tony paused for a moment then shrugged. “Not really.”
And then Steve bent down to take Tony’s cock in his mouth again.
That was the tricky part: the actual mechanism. But unexpectedly, it was kinda fun. And, really, the idea of Big Green wriggling around in a fuzzy pink and blue blanket with duckies on it made of triple reinforced adamantium and elasticized poly-aramid was . . . well. It was a lot less depressing than the way the whole thing had started out, that was for damn sure.
“I’m glad you’re working on it,” Rogers said.  “If anyone could find a solution, it’s you.”  From anyone else it might have sounded like flattery; from Cap it just sounded like an observation.
with a response so, meh.”
They reached the ground floor and Steve took a step through the elevator, then paused to add softly over his shoulder: “I thought we were friends.”
“If you’re sure . . .”
“Good.”  Steve smiled up at him, then planted a kiss on Tony’s chin.  “So.  Want some pancakes?”
“Fine, fine.  I’ll keep the sexy words to myself, but what gives Banner?  Rogers this and Rogers that?”
.  Ana just shared a few recipes.”.
Steve chuckled at Tony’s ramblings and said with a smile, “Sounds good, Tony.”
“Thanks.”  Then he added, mostly to Natasha and Bruce, “I really liked the movie.”
“No, I totally understand.  I’ll bring something down soon.”  Steve paused.  “And, uh, I wanted to ask you something.”
“Tony?” Steve whispered, looking up at him with wide blue eyes.  His lips were slick with spit and pre-come.  “Say my name.”
“Wouldn’t I just say ‘stop’?”  Steve asked.
A steady, regular beeping:
The rest of this story is dedicated to the kind readers who continued to comment during my long absence and to my anonymous kinkmeme writer. She has given me the MOST BEAUTIFUL fuck-or-die fic (read and praise it here! : http://avengerkink.livejournal.com/17385.html?thread=39139305t39139305) and, when I offered her thank you fic, she asked for more of the Surrender world. So this is for you, dear anon!
!?” Tony cried.  “And the Original Series too.
“Absolutely not,” Steve said at the same time, face going tight.
Might as well get back to work.
“Oh, sure.  Right.”
Without all of you this story would have died years ago.  I'm so grateful to still be writing it and to still have you reading it.  :)
In the limo, Tony chatted with the team--or rather, begged them to
Steve was looking between Clint and Bruce, bewildered. “You know?” he asked.
Bruce was still frowning.
(Tony didn’t actually want more coffee--it was sour in his stomach--but he knew an expression of affection when he saw one and was eager for what he could get.)
“Oh, and there’s eggnog,” Bruce offered, heading to the kitchen.
Silverstein nodded. “I’m not as strong on statistical physics, but as I understood it . . .”
are apparently crazy enough you don’t want to hit it, doesn’t mean there aren’t a hundred million red-blooded American subs—single and hitched alike—who’d drop for him in a minute, myself included. And, you know Theressa’s a
“Steve,” Tony said again, more softly, and took Steve’s face in his hands.  He caressed Steve’s cheekbones with his thumbs, then smoothed them along Steve’s eyebrows.  After a moment, Steve closed his eyes and let out a deep sigh, sinking down against the wall.  Tony kissed him very gently on the lips then, when they arrived at the penthouse, pulled Steve towards the living room and the couch.
She had a firm handshake. The emerald at her throat perfectly matched her demure dress. (An heirloom, no doubt.) Her red-gold hair was tied up in a simple bun.
and rotated his wrist in little motions, like Steve was a jar he was working open little by little.  (Oh God.)  There was an ache to the feeling, but not a bad one.  Tony scissored his fingers wider and wider as he pressed in and out, then crooked his fingers and sent Steve arching off the bed.
(Well, as long as it’s not forbidden in my contract, but that goes without saying, right?)
Tony continued: “Did you think about the way I’d open up around you, sucking you in? Did you fuck your fist alone in the dark and remember that night?”
sound effects would you? And throw up some of the phone specs as a scrolling data read-out. Make it look all fancy and shit.”
“Good,” Pepper said decisively, then asked softly,  “You know I still worry about you, right?”
The elevator doors closed on Clint and Natasha.
“Mmm-hmm,” Jackie murmured in that tone that said
.) He turned on the shower and poured himself a cup of coffee. (Yes, he put a coffee maker in the bathroom and JARVIS turns it on. So?)
“There was a box of Christmas tree ornaments—a special box—at the manor. Did—Uh, did we move it over to the Tower?”
Another tear threatened to work its way loose and Tony demanded a kiss, not wanting to let it, not wanting more praise. Steve complied, kissing sensuously. Tony opened under him, eager for more and wanting Steve to take it.
Steve smiled. “Well, maybe I’ll take you up on—shoot!”
“Afraid not,” Tony said.  “Only child like me.”
“Captain Rogers awoke at 6:22 am and returned to his quarters.”
She smiled.
“There’s something I’ve been wanting to ask you about.”
“I mean it,” Steve said stubbornly, with a bit of venom. “I’m starting to think they enjoy wasting time-- all the poking and prodding at the lab? I mean, I know I’m a scientific oddity, but even so. And all those pointless meetings and trainings and meddling—trying to mess with our training plans with Bruce. And half those Agents have no sense, no discipline, and no basic human decency!  They’re barely helpful and it’s a . . . it’s a . . . a
The elevator doors opened on Tony Yuen—who had wisely ditched the teenage scraggle beard since last Tony saw him—and a pretty girl with bright green eyes, sprinkled freckles, and curly red hair that screamed ‘poster child for Irish-American.’ They were both carrying a large bag of delivery food in each hand.
“Many thanks, Sir James,” Tony said with a slight bow.  The knight led the way, up and up a winding passage carved into the cliff.  It led directly into the keep and Tony’s mind was buzzing with criticism.
“Thank you so much,” Tony added.
Rogers sank to the floor, knees pressed to his chest. And it was strange—he looked smaller like that somehow, huddled in on himself. Not Captain America, just
“But,” she said softly, leaning down, “I’m a very discreet person, so if you were ever—“ she ran her hand down his arm in a familiar caress, “—up for a
it was, but decided it didn’t really matter anyway. Whatever the answer, he felt pretty sure it was time to get out of the workshop for a bit. (See? Pep? Bruce? Life-work balance, right here!)
, so Tony added, “In that case, maybe he won’t mind eating on the couch and watching
Rogers cut himself off abruptly; he’d managed to stop just short of blurting out “it’s not ‘cause you’re a sub!”
“Nope, I’m good,” Tony said, then, “Hey, what are you doing bringing people tea? Aren’t you supposed to be roasting a turkey?”
“Yeah,” Tony said. “I did.”
,” Steve ground out.  “Or we could have put you further out, no suit, with all of us between you and Hulk.  Or you could have been on the ramp of the Quinjet, ready to run in if things went south. Or you could have just skipped a training session and we could have seen what he did without Iron Man. There were other options.  But you didn’t have the patience to wait or the trust in your team to present your theory and talk it through.”
—and Tony had teased Steve good-naturedly about his love for the crew of the Enterprise.  He’d even promised to take Steve to the Monterey Bay Aquarium sometime.  (They don’t actually have whales there, though.  That was pretty disappointing.)
“Uh . . .”
He was just about to
“You ready, baby?” Tony asked sitting up a little.
Maybe Cap had been thinking of Jason Hanson when he’d come running at the gala. Hanson’s bullshit had happened over a decade ago for Tony, but Rogers had only known about it for a couple of months, tops.
“Emergency, Pep!”
Tony’s mind was racing.  What was Rogers up to?
“My vast financial resources?”  Tony suggested with a smirk.
body!”) Tony waved him off, but he
•	SHIELD SWAT Stealth X Team 022
“Nerds!” Clint called.
Tony dodged and wove around a few slow moving cars; he took a sharp and daring left into the alley next to the restaurant, then left again into the parking lot. As promised, there was an empty spot labeled “For Tony S.”
Tony looked up, startled.  A man towered in the doorway, 6'2" at least, with broad shoulders and bulging muscles, blond hair, blue eyes, and a cream complexion so flawless it was almost fucking
Cap’s smile was vicious.
“So, how many episodes have you seen so far?” Bruce asked, turning back to Steve.
“Huh?  Yeah, sure,” Tony said, waving a hand in Rogers’ direction.  (Shit.  Yeah, the whole quinjet was too loud.  It was supposed to be fucking silent for fuck’s sake.)  “Whatever,” Tony said absently to the Captain.  “Knock yourself out, Rogers.”
“We could always go to the shooting range,” he grumbled.
“Would I know any of his work?” Steve asked, thrilled (and more than a little bewildered) by the idea that a luminary of the art world--both rich and famous?--might want him as a muse.
Finally, the limousine stopped. “All right, people, it’s show time!”
Tony shuddered.
“That sucks,” Tony said, fiddling with the motherboard. “Have they explained some of the options in terms of interviewers and talk shows and stuff?”
“Huh?” Tony looked up abruptly. Bruce was giving him an amused little smile as he gestured to the board.
“Excuse me? Mr. Stark?” Big, Tall and Handsome said turning down his smile a few watts to be within the realm of normal. His teeth were perfectly straight and very white. Tony looked at him impassively. “I can’t believe we’ve never met before,” the man continued. “If I may?” Big, Tall and Handsome extended his hand and introduced himself: “Thomas Belford, CFO of Prima Corp LLC.”
(And, seriously, I'm sorry!  Trust me, it hurt to write...)
“Yes, sir.”
Steve blinked.  (And, yep, there it was, right on cue—the “I’m remembering that and will look it up later” face.  Tony kinda loved that face.)
Tony went to the elevator to meet him, heart beating a little faster with every passing moment.
Captain America practically leapt to his feet when Tony stepped into the room.
(Please be sex, please be sex, please be--)
Natasha nodded, got out another mug, and sat near him at the counter in silence. Clint and Thor would ask him directly what was wrong; Bruce would offer to listen if he wanted to talk; Tony would crack a joke about being terrible with feelings. Natasha's patient silence was all the invitation she'd give, but somehow it was always enough. Steve poured boiling water into the teapot and took a seat next to her.
“Get out, Cap,” Tony muttered. “Just go.”
“Well, it’s just that last week, you said there were . . .
/\                               /\                              /\                              /\
Steve smiled and took a plate out of the oven for him.
Tony swallowed down the words “I’ll be disappointed if you don’t;” he knew what Steve meant and doubted he’d appreciate the glib reply in his current mood.
Even knowing how ridiculous it was, Tony still couldn’t quite make eye contact. He cleared his throat and added, “So, yeah, not liking the cold. I get it.”
“But I know what to do with naughty little sluts,” the Dom growled, “the kind who’re always desperate for a good, hard--”
Steve swallowed.  “Yes.”
“It was too much, wasn’t it?” Tony asked.  And how could he sound so guilty and so relieved at the same time?  “I shouldn’t have—”
Tony turned to go back to his workbench, but Steve laid a hand on his arm. “Thank you, Tony. I—uh, thank you.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Steve said, then offered vaguely, “if there’s anything I can--?”
Tony rubbed at his eyes.  All nighters were also a little harder to manage after a five day marathon.  (Fucking Stark phones . . .)  Tony dragged himself over to the coffeemaker, the one he’d raided from the common kitchen almost two years ago.  It sounded a little like Darth Vader while brewing, but he’d gotten sentimental about the damn thing and still hadn’t replaced it.  Dummy chirped at his side while Tony waited impatiently for his caffeine then eagerly burned his tongue.  (Worth it.)
(Shit, shit, shit.) Tony hovered indecisive, really wishing Pepper were there or he had a brain-to-brain link that would let her give him advice without anybody knowing. (Uh, weird. Anyway . . .)
Tony grinned and sauntered over to his garage dock.
episodes first would give you a baseline of comparison for the superior awesome of
“Motion, ocean, Rhodey baby.”
“It’s gonna go great. And we can go sooner, so we can get started,” Tony said. “I can make a few calls and—“
“Please, Tony.  I  . . .” (Go on.  Say it.)  “I want your cock.  I want to drive you crazy, make you come.  Please let me.”
comfort, but-- (Shit.)
Steve’s expression was soft and tender as he cupped Tony’s face in his large hands.
“And you think your guy is better?” Steve asked, eyes on his sketchbook.
Steve’s face went pinched.
“Dunno,” Clint called, then added with a baffled frown, “Actually, I haven’t seen him since yesterday afternoon.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“How are you feeling?” she asked more seriously.
“There’s nothing wrong with therapy. But for it to work, you need to have trust, which I couldn’t give a SHIELD therapist either.” Tony smiled. “I’m way too paranoid. But Rhodey helped me find someone I could work with. I could put you in touch.”
“Okay, let’s do this! Debrief time!” Clint called.
Tony smiled.
“Not ‘Mama’?” Clint snarked.
“All right, fine. What’s this something stupid?”
“Tony?”
“So, sweetheart,” Tony said lightly. “What can I do for you? Sky’s the limit!”
“On it!”  Tony left the dragon to Rogers and Romanov for a while.
“Promise what?” Tony asked sauntering in with a grin.
“Tony, please,” Bruce said quietly, “Let’s just—” He turned back to Fury.  “The Avengers’ Initiative?”
“Understood. But tell me--is he as good to you as I’d hope?”
“Don’t you
“Dirty dishes in the sink? A disgrace-- especially since you do most of the cooking, I’ve heard!”
he'd read about it.  Why had Tony assumed that he wouldn't know?
“Light flurries and thirty-one degrees Fahrenheit, sir.”
Obie had not been pleased.  And he’d oh-so-helpfully read all the worst of the news coverage and comment boards.
“I’m stuffed!” Tony announced, shoving one last sushi roll into his mouth as the end credits showed Spock raising one eyebrow in the freeze frame.
“Oh, nothing,” Steve said, waving his hand and looking a trifle embarrassed. “It’s from a poem.”
Steve jumped. Natasha was the only person who could always sneak up on him. He smiled.
Tony tossed the sandwich on the table and to write a few calculations, but--
The new specs were only giving him a projected 45 Hz refresh speed—worse than a fucking iPhone! (Pathetic.) He rubbed at his eyes.
, assault in progress, assailant is a Caucasian male Dom, 6’2 wearing—‘ but the guy doesn’t want you to finish describing him, so he lets me go and tackles you. He knocks the phone out of your hand and you’re trying to fight him now, but the odds aren’t in your favor. I jump in there, attacking from behind, and by the time the police show up the two of us have fought him off together.”
Tony took a sip of his drink and nodded to the stranger.
Steve laughed.
Tony’s stomach dropped with a sick sort of swooping.
“It’s been a long time,” the man said, a little apologetically tucking a curl behind his ear.
“I’ve got you,” Pep mumbled.
This promised to be a
“We were expecting this,” Tony said with a shrug. The PR team nodded in unison. In the kitchen, the team finished serving themselves.
(‘Ever since I broke your heart,’ you mean.)
Tony turned.
It was Steve.
“Right?” Bruce repeated.
(Sorry about before. Let’s be friends. Just friends though—no power exchange. Or sex. Just so we’re clear. Yeah.)
Rhodey was still frowning, studying Tony’s face intently for any of his tells.
Tony started to follow Steve to the elevator then, on second thought, turned back to down the last of his cold coffee like a shot before leaving.
Tony struggled to his feet, cheeks flaming with humiliation.
If it hadn’t been for the obvious dangers involved in power exchange, not to mention the fact that Steve had
“Of course, sir.” The workshop went dark. A pause. “Perhaps sleep would be restorative.”
Steve’s eyes squinched up and his gaze dropped to the table. “Fine.”
Steve squirmed in his seat, hard cock pressing uncomfortably into his zipper.
Tony frowned and dropped his head to the side, gaze fastened on the carpet.
Tony wasn’t sure how it had happened, but somehow he’d been separated from Steve after their dance and every glimpse he got of blond hair was wrong, all wrong. He scanned the crowd with single-minded focus. (Steve, Steve, Steve--)
Tony rolled his eyes and considered cursing a blue streak to desensitize the Captain or maybe snarkily reminding him that Tony does in fact use the internet too. Then he thought better of it. Cap seemed really upset. Like,
Tony nodded, feeling irritated—though not with the Captain, but with himself. (Seriously? Two years of self defense training, and that’s what you’ve got?) Of course, most grabby jerks didn’t have Cap’s training, so there was that.
“Maybe,” he said, pushing his reading glasses up on his nose. “I had an idea for a variation on Hypothetical 72.”
“Oh! Right! Uh, Stark Tower. Commin’ right up!”
.” His ears went pink. “Hard not to feel like you’re outta my league sometimes.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony took a deep breath.  “What happened?”
“To the Avengers! And merry Christmas!” the team chorused.
Steve frowned.
“Anyway,” Rhodey pressed on as the elevator doors closed behind them. “I just wanted to ask you something.” Rhodey hesitated. “See, I’ve told Steve just about every good story I’ve got from seventeen years in the service. Not the heavy ones, but the hijinks, you know? Guess how many stories he’s told me.” Rhodey paused for effect; Tony didn’t guess. “None. Not one.”
"Yes," Steve whispered brokenly. Tony blinked, looking shocked and uncertain for a split second. (Fuck.)
“With pleasure, sir.”
“Jesus!” Tony cried, freezing in place.  “Stop
“Dunno,” Tony said, with a shrug, then added, “Cap’s a worrier. You know that.”
“I’m going to get you a book.  Maybe a couple.  They’re things I liked.  And I’ll get at least one written specifically for you—I mean, for submissives, so you won’t have to feel like you’re looking into the Dom’s Handbook without permission or something.  But please, Steve, please read the things I give you.”
“It’s really great to meet you,” Dom said stepping closer.  “I was hoping I’d see you around SHIELD.  I’m new.  Just came on from the CIA.”  Dom held out his hand.  “Chris Harris.”
Tony was just stepping out of the shower when JARVIS announced: “Sir, Colonel Rhodes has arrived.”
“Yeah,” Steve growled. “You’re gorgeous, so gorgeous like that . . . Give yourself to me . . .  let go, baby . . .”
Then Tony leaned forward and took Steve’s cock in his mouth, all glorious wet hot pressure, while Steve arched and bucked—fucking up into Tony’s mouth, then fucking back onto Tony’s fingers, up and down, in and out.  Steve wailed and thrashed, wrists jerking against the restraints as he tried to keep them still, all his muscles tensed, desperate and overwhelmed and open and taken and cherished and loved and . . .
(The clamoring voices of the past quieted.)
“Lending it to BAM would probably be easiest,” Tony mused.  “Setting up a new place would mean real estate and curators.  And of course it would require some pretty hefty and expensive security measures--you know that’s why lots of art just gets put in storage, right?--but I AM a genius, so I’m sure I could come up with something.  Actually, art security systems might be a good side line--I should talk to Pepper about it. But yeah. I was thinking about what you said and so yeah. What do you think?”
that. So. Captain America’s mystery sweetheart is . . . ?”
“Of course, sir.”
“He was a real tough talker, Bucky, sharp-tongued and we’d give each other hell.  Rough housed too-- he always took it easy on me, but pretended not to.  I was frail then, you know, and too proud for my own good.”  The noise Steve made was half-chuckle, half-choking.  Steve shook his head.  “The scrapes we got into!  But Bucky always got us out. . .”
had an idea, did she?” Tony asked. He shook his head incredulously. “I still can’t believe how buddy-buddy you are with her now, after— Well,
. . . like this he got quiet.  Maybe he’d tell her about it later.
Steve shook his head. “He disappeared on me for a while after that. Started chasing skirts left and right all of a sudden, became a real smooth ladies’ man. Always ladies.”
“You can’t just kneel to get out of talking to me,” Steve said, low and vehement.  “When we fight, we fight.  We talk--like this.  Equals.”
“Would you like me to call up the map and directions?”
dating Captain America, are you? ‘Cause I’ve taken jiu-jitsu and taekwondo and can hold my own in a fight, but even
“Oh, nothing much.” Rhodey shrugged, then continued, faux-casual, “But, hey, since you ask . . . well, I was thinking Thanksgiving’s not that far off and I’ve got a leave coming, so I might come to New York.”
Bruce smiled as he strolled into the shop.  “I was wondering where you’d disappeared after the gala.  Should have figured.”
He took another breath. (Jesus.) Steve. Bucky. (Fuck.) He was tapping the arc reactor again.
Infinite thanks to my beautiful beta and all my supportive readers.  You're the best!!!
“Now gimmie the cunniff formula and analysis, would ya?”
Steve leaned over and kissed Tony’s cheek, then rolled on his side and yawned, snuggling down into his pillow.  Tony stared at him, leaning against the headboard.
Steve smiled a little.  “You don’t have to say anything.”
“I love you,” Steve murmured.
Tony shivered again, turned off the lights, and padded back to bed. He considered fetching his phone, then yawned and decided not to. It was too early to see the respectable society pages and the rest of the internet would be predictable. He lifted the covers and slid in next to Steve who murmured hazily, not quite waking up, but nevertheless pulling Tony close in his sleep.
He drew up short.
shouldn’t be allowed on covert ops.  Tony wanted to inch a little closer to Bruce, but Rogers had worked his way between them as much as possible without actually touching anyone.
Steve made a pleased little sound and held him close, pressing his cheek to Tony’s head (and, yeah, his probably disgustingly filthy, sweaty mess of hair. Ew.).  Steve’s body was like a furnace—he just radiated warmth.
Tony nodded.
“And I got these,” Steve said, showing Tony a lovely set of hand-painted ceramic birds: a peacock, a wren, a chickadee, and a bluebird.
Tony swallowed thickly before answering, “Yes, please.”
.)  Pepper pressed her fingers firmly to his neck for a moment, grounding and perfect.
Tony sighed and rubbed his eyes, then dragged himself to the bathroom. As he brushed his teeth, Tony caught sight of his scowling face in the mirror. This really wasn’t the end he’d predicted for his evening. Tony splashed water on his face. Then again, his predictions about Steve had been off pretty often.
Comments delightful and adored!  Thanks so much for reading!  :)
Tony held back a sigh. “Of course not! Have fun helping Sam get his game on.”
(Huh.)
? Nice,” Clint said, wandering into the living room and hovering behind the couch. Steve grabbed the remote and paused it. (Yeah, he
“Deal.” Tony held out his hand to shake, then added, “Not poker.”
Steve’s brow creased; he didn’t look at Tony or speak. Tony added, “I mean, sure, Bucky Barnes, Howling Commando, he’s in the history books and the cartoons and that exhibit at the Smithsonian, but that’s not—“ Tony shook his head. “I mean, there’s a lot of press out there on War Machine, but that’s not really him . . . not
“ That sub only got her promotion because she's so good on her knees.”
“Yeah,” Tony said, nodding—still half disbelieving. “Everything’s great.”
“Shhhh,” Tony soothed.  “Roll over on your back for me, Steve.”
Sorry I was gone for so long!  And THANK YOU for sticking with me!  :)
>>>>>>>
She rushed on, talking fast. “—and your involvement would be great for public relations both for the Safehouse—”
“And cross the specs on 7127's reserve core with 7344's cooling system. Give it to me in graph form to my left. I'm going to look at the variable alloy list again, see if I missed something.”
“Not bad,” Clint said, standing and offering Tony a hand. Tony glared at it and glanced over at the clock. 4:45. (Would Steve have read his contract by now? Probably, right? I mean, you didn’t just leave something like that sitting in your inbox, right?)
.” She turned to Tony. “Do try and open your mail, Mr. Stark.”
Rhodes rolled his eyes and let out a little snort, but Tony was warming to the theme. He poked Rhodes in the chest, then gasped and drew back with wide-eyed horror.
“Wait,” Tony said, “Fixers?”
“Of course I’m here,” Tony said a little blankly.  “I live here.”
And some of you will be excited to hear that the next thing I post will be a certain long-awaited out-take staring Steve... It will shed light on what exactly happened at SHIELD. :)
(See the end of the chapter for
.”)  This was what Tony wanted from him.  (“
“Hey, Captain.”
“Let me take you out tonight,” Steve said urgently. He caressed Tony’s cheek with gentle fingers and added more softly, “Please? Please say yes.”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
His fingers in and out . . .
“Well, aren’t you going to ask me to dance?” Tony demanded, tone playful. Steve just smiled at him.
“Oh, I’m not after your money,” Jackie purred. “I want another kind of currency entirely. You tell me who Captain America’s sub is and I’ll fit you in this afternoon.”
“Sure thing, buddy. What time?”
Rhodey brightened. “Ooh! Did you already watch ‘Space Seed’?”
.) He and Pep breezed in through the VIP entrance.
Steve nuzzled his neck and murmured: “Do you like that, sweetheart? Do you like it when I take your wrists?”
"Steven, we know you," Phillips added, flopping back in his chair and reaching for a brass goblet.  He filled it to the brim with wine and took a long sip.  "Not exactly low profile, are you?  And this is what, your third attempt to enlist?"
Chapter warnings behind rot13 to avoid spoilers: qvfphffvbaf bs CGFQ naq fhvpvqr; wrexf ba gur vagrearg orvat wrexf; fyhg funzvat; n Gehzc gjrrg
Tony stared blankly.
The studio is absolutely quiet; Colbert looks surprised for a moment. Captain Rogers fumbles for his glass of water, but finds it empty. Colbert pours him another, then Colbert clears his throat and says, “Tony Stark’s absolutely right; it’s ok not to be ok.”
“Mmmmm,” Steve murmured in his sleep.
“Yes.” Steve’s voice sounded stiff, so he added blandly: “I’m told we say ‘alcoholic’ now.”
“Okay,” Tony said.  “Right.  It’s fine.”
JARVIS’s tone sounded oddly reproachful. Tony wanted to be irritated that his AI had these little partialities and loyalties, but mostly he just felt proud.
when Steve was clearly happy to let it go, but it did. It mattered to Tony.
.  (Of course.  The man has taste.)  And, as with
—brushing against his thigh.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!!
Steve stretched and twisted, still grinning. “Great so far!”
“So, first, I guess I had to figure out that it really is okay to want another man—to want you.  After that,” Steve shrugged, “it wasn’t so hard to figure out the rest of it.”  Steve squeezed Tony’s hand.  “I’m not ashamed anymore, just angry at myself that I used to be.”  He looked rueful for a second, then squeezed Tony’s hand again and added, voice so earnest Tony’s throat felt tight: “Now, it just feels right.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony reached around Steve for a small glass of water.
(What is this, a trick question?)
“—knocking boots?” Steve suggested with a rueful smile. Tony chuckled.
Anyway, hard at work on chapter 13!  It's been giving me trouble, but I hope to have it up soon... We'll back to present day Steve, Tony, and Rhodey.  Woo!  Thanks for reading!  Hope you liked this!  (And, yeah, poor Steve....)
Tony opened his mouth, but JARVIS spoke first, announcing, “Sir, your pizzas have arrived. Identification authenticated; shall I allow elevator access?”
Tony sighed and pet Dummy.  At least he had coffee.
Tony clapped his hands and turned back to Steve. “Okay, tell me about the suit. We can run through it while we wait for dinner to arrive.”
Tony was grateful the diffusor muffled his voice.
“That sounds nice,” Bruce said, with a smile.
Tony chuckled nervously and rubbed the back of his neck.  He glanced up.  “Uh, yeah.  Steve Rogers, ya know—First Avenger? Big, blond, blue-eyed?”
Tony should really clean Steve up.  He paused, looking at his come on Steve’s body.  (Oh fuck!  Soon—soon, I’m gonna come all over you, paint you with it until you’re a gorgeous filthy mess for me. . .)  He felt a surge of lust—all of it in his mind, his body too wrung out to even consider stirring a fourth time in one night.
On arrival, Romanov and Fury sat on the far side of the conference table, facing the door with their backs to the window.  Bruce hesitated before taking a seat opposite them.  Tony hated sitting with his back to the door, but he also hated sitting any closer to manipulative dickbags than necessary. He’d just decided on the faux leather chair next to Bruce, the one angled slightly away from the door, when Rogers stepped in and
“Gentle, Hulk,” Steve said in a patient voice. “Like this!” He demonstrated the soft underhand toss again.
November 1, 2012
Rhodey grunted.  “That’s your wit and charm?  Seriously?  How the hell do you ever get laid?”
On December 21
Tony was still staring.  (So this is Captain America.)  The man was
Steve smiled for a moment, but a glance at the pile of papers dimmed his smile. “I’d better keep studying.”
She took a step closer.  Her expression was sad as she added, “You probably won’t believe this either, but your orientation played no roll in my evaluation.”
"A pretty word for 'whore' changes nothing," Steve hissed.
“Beer?” Tony called from the fridge.
“Sylvia, please,” she replied with a smile.
the dilithium crystals?” Clint complained.
Steve shivered and took a rough breath. He laid, curled around Tony, with his face pressed to Tony’s neck for a few lingering minutes. When at last he drew back, Tony thought his eyes looked a little wet.
Tony nodded with satisfaction, then brushed past to flop on Roger’s couch. It was soft, but not too soft. (Of course. Tony’d picked it.)
“Tony’s asleep,” Steve told them softly.  Clint looked amused, Natasha looked as warm as Steve had ever seen her, and Thor looked like he’d swallowed a bee—the expression Steve thought of as his “wanting to make loud noises and trying very hard not to!” face.
“For you?” Tony asked with a smile as they stepped out of the elevator. “Of course.”
“No, you’re not,” Deetz said firmly, letting go of Tony’s wrist. “Go with Rebecca.” The Dom crossed his arms over his chest. “We won’t lay a finger on you until you’ve registered a safeword in the house system.”
Dummy trilled sadly.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Tony was giving him this stricken look, but it wasn’t pity, not really.  More like he was imagining it.  Imagining his friend, his own Rhodey, dead and gone and how it would hurt, and for a moment he understood just a little.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Pep pressed a finger to the bluetooth Tony now noticed in her ear and said, “Yes, stand down and call off the dogs, Happy. No security team required. It’s just Tony being a complete and utter idiot.” A pause. “Yes, I’ll tell him you said so. Talk to you tomorrow.” She shook her head at Tony. “Happy says it would serve you right if I’d shot you.”
“I’ve got a bunch of devices I started on, but without the full data, who knows,” Tony said as they flew. “We’ll have to rework it on the fly.”
Tony felt a wash of unexpected relief and his eyes prickled. (Fuck.) Steve kissed his thighs and pressed against his prostate, sliding in and out, firm and slick and good . . .
“Sorry. Uh, Tony.” Steve gave him a wan smile. “Did you need something?”
“Mmmm,” Tony murmured and spread his legs a little wider.  Steve took his time, lavishing his attention there.  Tony smelled amazing, somehow earthy and rich and overwhelming.  Steve realized with another distant flare of almost-shame that his mouth and chin were sloppy with his own spit and Tony’s cock and balls were wet with it.  Steve moaned.  He shifted his attention up to take Tony’s dick in his mouth, sliding down and back, down and back, slow and teasing, massaging the shaft with his tongue.  (I’ll make it so good . . . You feel so good, so amazing . . .)  Down and back, down and back. . .
They stopped off in Tony’s suite so he could grab a fresh shirt.  Steve waited in the hall.  (What?  Afraid we’ll maul each other again before we can get out the door?  Like that’s a bad thing!)  Tony checked himself in the mirror and realized that the thin cotton didn’t fully cover the light of the arc reactor.  He pulled on a sweater as well and grabbed his jacket.  Repentant for his tardiness, he didn’t even kick up a fuss over the motorcycle or the stupid commercial helmet.  Besides, even with leather and helmets between them, there was something deeply satisfying about slotting himself into place behind Steve and wrapping his arms around the man’s surprisingly narrow waist while the engine roared beneath them.
“If you were better about checking your email and Facebook, you wouldn’t miss these things,” his mother chided. Rhodey rubbed the back of his neck, looking guilty. He took his mother’s phone and blinked.
Ugh. Tony tore the page out and crumpled it up.
Tony squinted at the notes for project Security Blanket. (Maybe he needed an hour to get ready too?)
Rebecca Martinez turned the corner and her face lit up. She cut a striking figure, wearing a pink silk robe loosely belted so it fell open at the side. Her body was curvaceous, like a pinup girl from a bygone era. Her dark hair cascaded around her shoulders framing her round face and bright brown eyes. Beautiful.
“Hasn’t really moved at all,” another agent said.
As they watched, Tony grabbed bites of beef & broccoli off of Steve’s plate and fed him a few choice tidbits from his own now and then. By the end of the episode, they’d finished their beers, discarded their plates, and cuddled close. Tony was nestled against Steve’s side, head on his chest, with Steve’s arm around him, fingers absently stroking his hip.
He could, but he wasn’t going to. He was going to go in there and work out and maybe have a little chat with the Captain.
Tony chuckled. “You’re as terrible with compliments as I am.”
Tony squeezed his shoulder.  “It’s okay.”
“But flying’s fun!”
“That’s totally different,” Tony said, thrown by the sudden change in topic.
Steve pulled him close.  “We may hurt each other sometimes, but we won’t mean to, so it will be okay.”
“Ok, Tones,” Rhodey said, rubbing Tony’s shoulder blades. “Bed.” He paused for a moment, then added, “Missed you, buddy.”
Tony laughed. The look of happy anticipation on Pepper’s face was starting to make sense: a business deal
they’d be open about it (at least, he thought so) and tell the team, and SHIELD, and Katie & Mikie, and have a PR strategy and--
“Self-interest,” Tony answered dismissively as he grabbed a plate.
The pizza was delicious and the modest Malbec Jake suggested had just the right amount of spice to it.  They’d eaten two baskets of breadsticks already and had nearly finished demolishing their pizzas.  Instead of cheesy, stereotypical Italian restaurant music, Piaci’s was playing a strange mix—maybe Jake’s ipod on shuffle, which gave them Dylan, White Stripes, Rolling Stones, and some weird, ambient Icelandic band.  Tony was very pleased.
“I read about it when I woke up,” Steve said in a low voice. “Did you know that not a single piece of art went missing? After the War, all the treasures of the Louvre made their way home. That farmer—he had a da Vinci. He could have been rich. Beyond rich! But instead he returned it. They all did.” Steve smiled as he picked up his wine and took a sip, but the smile faded as he set it down and added, “The Jewish collections weren’t so lucky.”
Well, that was fast.  Rogers apparently hadn't figured out how to use bookmarks yet.
Steve shook his head and stood, smiling again.  “I was thinking I’d make hot chocolate.  Who else would like some?”
“My kingdom, safeliest when with one man mann’d,”
Steve just nodded and blushed a little brighter.  He made no protest when Tony paid, gathered their left-overs, and headed for the door.  Walking back to the car, Tony kinda wanted to hold Steve’s hand like a silly teenager, but Steve’s hands were in his pockets again and now Tony had a feeling he knew why.
“Tony, I didn’t mean it like that,” Pepper said firmly. “You know how it is, though. Famous people get death threats. I may just be a CEO, not a proper celebrity or superhero, but it happens. They’re idle threats and, well, if I start taking them seriously I’ll never live my life again.”
Tony shrugged and rested his head against Bruce’s chest. “You wouldn’t hurt me.”
“Riddles,” Tony repeated.  He couldn’t help but laugh. “This is the terrifying King to whom I’ve been sent as tribute!”
or something. Tony frowned and bit his lip.
“Yep! You’re in for a treat,” Tony began, but now Leila was striding down the hall to greet them. Her hair was pulled back in a French braid. Her crisply pressed, plum colored blouse matched her lipstick.
“Mom,” Rhodey said, hurrying over with a certain understandable eagerness, “I’d like you to meet my friend, Steve Rogers.”
“No,” Bruce said softly.
Tony was still frowning. (Was it too forward for Steve? Him taking the initiative like that?)
“Is everything okay?” Steve asked.
Dinner was delicious and the conversation light and pleasant.
“Look at that wave-particle duality,” Bruce said, tapping the screen. “It’s way off from any of our projections.”
“Mmm,” Tony grunted, waving a vague hand at the doorway.
“Professor Ellis,” Steve said, holding out his hand.  They shook.  “Steve Rogers here.  I modelled for your life drawing course a few weeks ago.”
Steve’s coffee cup shook in his hand; he set it down abruptly with a clatter.
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
when he’s laid up.”
“Steve?” Rhodey repeated.  (And, yep, same blank tone as Pepper.  Awesome.)
“Better than all right,” Tony promised.
What the hell would he say to Pepper?
The Captain shrugs. “Well, sure. They hadn’t done anything violent yet.”
“Ah!” Tony cried out again, twisting a little in the ropes.  Steve grasped his hip firmly in one hand to hold him still. He eased his mouth further down Tony’s cock with a soft, slick slide, then pulled back before easing down again.
Tony ran his hands across Steve’s shoulders then down his arms to where he’d crossed his wrists.  Steve held his breath.  Tony looped his thick leather belt loosely around Steve’s wrists, around and around, then buckled it.  Steve’s breath hitched.  (Thank you, thank you. . . )  Tony wrapped strong arms around him from behind, his chin resting gently on Steve’s shoulder.  Tony’s breath was warm against Steve’s neck.
“Is that good, sweetheart?” Tony murmured huskily into Steve’s ear, breath warm and sweet.
“Running hypothetical analysis now, sir.  Estimated time to completion 2.25 hours.”
“Good,” Rhodey said, visibly reassured, “I’m glad to hear it.”
glued to his teammates’ presents.
pull that stunt again,” Pepper told Tony firmly, using her best commanding CEO voice.
This also felt a little like jumping without a parachute, but in a very different direction.
“You love it, don’t you?  Taking my cock like this?”
“Mmmm,” Tony muttered with a nod, relaxing a little more, and Steve felt a wave of pleasure, something at once tender and possessive. They'd never actually had a bath together. Shower, yes-- they'd kissed against the tiled wall, pulling each other's cocks roughly until they came, panting, and let the hot water wash the mess down the drain-- but this . . . This was different.
“Huh?  Oh, yeah.”  Tony shrugged.  “I had the space.  No big deal.”
Rhodey gave a half-grin, half-grimace.  “The good stuff.”
“Of course, I do,” Steve said apologetically, “But could we, uh, later? I’ve got basketball with Sam.”
Tony was pretty sure Bruce had at least an inkling of what was going on—after all, he’d noticed Steve’s crush before Tony had.
In theory, Tony came on Thanksgiving to help with the preparations, but mostly he just wandered around and chatted with people, trying to keep the atmosphere chill. He joked about what a terrible cook he was and told silly stories about being banned from various kitchens, his mother’s included. He’d be back in a couple of weeks to help with another workshop on coding and basic programing, something he was far more comfortable with. (One of the Safehouse’s best innovations—their most disadvantaged guests were far more likely to get back on their feet with new job training.) In fact, he’d spent longer than he’d intended to holed up in the library with a group of guests who’d asked him to take a look at their code and to take them through the Stark Industries hiring procedure and standard interview questions. (Even on a holiday, many of them were hard at work.) They’d been short on career development volunteers lately—Tony’s talk to Isaac about hiring more staff.
Tony stopped in his tracks.
Rhodey sighed.  “Can’t do it, Tony.”
Dinner passed in a pleasant blur of food and chatter, warmth and contentment. And now they’d reached the after dinner dilemma: which movie would they watch?
Steve tried not to let his disappointment show.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
said that.
Steve didn’t answer, just scribbled something down on a large piece of graph paper.
(Thank God!)
“Yes, sir, Colonel, sir!” Tony mocked.
“Tony, you promised me you wouldn’t do this anymore!” Jackie stepped forward to peer at Tony, nimble despite the clunky heels. “Tony, baby, the next time you’re feeling low, you
Tony moaned.  (And meant it.)
“Mmm.  Maybe,” Steve said with a mysterious little smile.  “Maybe when it’s done.”
“It freed gay military personnel to serve openly, but,” she continued, in the gentle tone Steve thought of as her 'Tony voice,' “SHIELD has had a non-discrimination policy on the books since the '90s.”
“Uh,” Steve fumbled. His eyes flicked over to Tony, then back to Mrs. Rhodes. “Sure.”
“You have already consumed all the coffee stored in the workshop, however, I believe there is a supply remaining in the kitchen.”
RL is kicking my butt.... So, uh, here's a new chapter!
Tony Y. "We should be the ones to feel honored."
Steve finally—
“We can get them to back off,” Tony said, stroking Steve’s back.  “You shouldn’t have to do that.”
“Wonderful,” Steve said.
. Not in public.)  He took a deep breath and tried to clear his head.
When Steve and Tony emerged from the master bedroom (only slightly rumpled), Pepper had joined the others in the living room and somebody had opened a bottle of red wine.
“Oh, really?” Tony said, with an inquisitive upward lilt. Steve didn’t elaborate, just nodded.
“Oh?” Tony perked up. “It’s funny you should mention that,” Tony said, though he knew it was no coincidence. “Stark Industries has been interested in expanding. Have you met our CEO? Pepper Potts?”
“May I see you to your door?” Steve asked in a low voice, as they stepped into the elevator.
“Yeah,” Tony grumbled sullenly.
“If you knew it was me, why the ‘non-traditional’ currency and so forth?” Tony asked, feeling wrong footed.
“So,” Tony said with sudden inspiration, “it seems like you like this kitchen better than yours, but you know if you want anything remodeled down there, just say the word and I’ll fix it up.”
“Are you sure you’re okay?” Pepper was giving him a worried look.
“Okay,” Steve said, amiably.  “And I really wanted a kiss.”  He smiled.  “Thanks for obliging me.”
Tony’d never heard Clint so stuttering and awkward. He shifted from one foot to the other and reached back to scratch his shoulder again—right where his quiver would be.
“Of course, sir.”
"Well, hello, soldier," he slurred with a leer. "What are you doing in my bedroom?"
“Was that a racial dick joke?”
“Of course, sir.”
There was a detailed list of the differences between SM and abuse followed by a checklist for identifying the signs.  Steve found it powerfully reassuring to see things he’d grappled with, struggled to find words for, printed out so clearly.  Though, surely no one could ever confuse what Tony did for him with abuse—it was so loving.
work on it, ya know?”  Tony chewed on his lip.  “I mean, if it’s a portal
Steve could practically feel Ms. Potts guard go back up (or up even more), but Steve pressed on, “I was wondering if there’s any news from Tony.”
“Tell me, Steve,” Tony said, tone seductive.  “You’ve touched yourself here before?”
“My armor can body con in less than a minute, right over my clothes,” Tony said, not bothering to conceal his smugness.  “You guys actually need time to put on the kevlar and whatnot.  Besides, I’m working on something that will let me summon the suit any time, anywhere.  So we should probably run a few tests for catch-and-carry without the harnesses.”
Steve looked a little surprised. “Yeah?”
“Nothing, just--”  Bruce mumbled, then said a little softly, “There’s nothing wrong with getting in more of a team mindset.”
“No.  None of that.”
“Wait, what?”
Tony didn’t say anything. The water felt a little too warm.
“Pfft. I wouldn’t have done that if you were someplace I shouldn’t distract you! You’re in D.C. Now, back to my question.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sir, under the current force, the suit can only withhold two minutes of this pressure.”
(Okay. Here we go—time to make some good-looking schematics.)
Bruce frowned slightly. “Tony, it’s only 8:15.”
“Huh?” Tony blinked. “Right. How much time do I have?”
Thank you so much for reading! I'm honored that you've stuck with me!
of the eggs you hid.”
“Rogers?” Tony called softly.  “Are you all right?”
was Rogers’ version of “rude.”
“All right,” Tony said nodding. “I should probably let you all get back to it. Sorry for stepping up our timeline—blame SHIELD.”
“Did great,” Nat answered with a smile.
And he’d known since the first time Tony kissed him, maybe even before then, that Tony loved him, but hearing Tony say the words gave Steve an unexpected thrill.  He’d already figured that Tony found the words hard to say—or perhaps, thought talk was cheap—and Steve hadn’t really been expecting to hear them like this.  (I know you love me!  You don’t have to say it if it’s hard . . . but, I do like it . . .)  Steve smiled and gave Tony a little squeeze.
“But he mostly works in a different medium--the relationship between pleasure and pain.”
Tony pulled his fingers away, dropping his hands to Steve’s shoulders as he asked, “What do you want, sweetheart?”
“I feared for my life!”
Tony let out a little huff. “It was obviously a mistake--I got the story wrong. Civil Rights Lawyer Steve would obviously be anti-torture and you should be too.”
Rhodey shook his head and let out an incredulous chuckle. “Captain America, huh? He’s a hell of a guy. Kinda lives up to the legend, doesn’t he?”
“Look.  See?”  He tilted his watch towards her as he took a seat.  “On time.”
Steve swallowed thickly, then added: “If you’ll let me.” He looked up at Tony, wide blue eyes shining and intense as he whispered, “
The one and only Captain America was
Baby steps for Steve and Tony.  Little . . . by . . . little . . .   #slowbuildisslow
Rhodey kept tapping furtively at his phone and making this pleased little noise whenever it lit up with a reply. Tony resisted the temptation to roll his eyes. Rhodey kept the ringer on silent and put his phone surreptitiously under the table to text, but he might as well have taken a megaphone and shouted “I’m texting with my new girlfriend and I’m crazy about her!!!” It was sweet (in a disgusting sort of way that totally inspired neither jealousy nor envy).
what he’d expected.
been a while, but he wasn’t sure he was up to people.  (The Pierre.  God damnit. Why--)
Tony accepted and tried to focus on the conversation. (Shit. Shit! No, don’t panic.) Tony forced down a bite of melon. (Goddamnit—this meant more Talking.)
“—that I delegate most of those reports, right?  Because I actually know how to delegate?”
They were all trying too hard.  The tinkling of glass, china, and silver put Tony on edge. The whole thing felt like an awkward, but well-intentioned, group date.
“Veronica James, right?”
“Yes. They were all injured, but nothing major. Nothing life threatening.”
“The frittata’s in the oven, so all that’s left really is toast and melon. And I was gonna fry you some bacon to go with it.”
Time to get a nightcap then call it a night.  (And maybe see if there was any more of that amazing chicken in the fridge.)
Tony nodded.
Tony finished off the coffee. “Nah,” he said with a shrug. “I never have an appetite first thing in the morning. And I should really go home and get to work.”
was only 51 minutes, after all. Plenty of time for other things afterwards . . .
Tony was studying him intensely in the dim light.  That horrible blankness was gone, but he looked worried and uncertain.
"I'd be honored to help defend the North Coast against raiders," Steve said stiffly.
(Something about that little shrug reminded Tony of Rogers.)
Then, since actions often spoke louder than words in moments like these, Tony sank to his knees, bowed his head, and offered Steve his upturned palms.
.) Maybe Agent Dominick Dickface would greet Steve as a conquering hero, first to fuck that uppity Stark and get him on his knees.
“Yes.” She was reaching into her pocket for—(Oh my God!
“Uh. Any of them?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“No!”  Steve snapped it shut.  “I mean, sorry—no, the tablet is fine.  I was just looking for Tony.  To talk about something.”
“Same as last night!” Tony paused. “What time is it?”
) As Tony pushed inside with a second finger, for a moment there was resistance, an almost burn, but then Steve pushed back and the two fingers slid in without difficulty.
(It’s really not a big deal.)
“Conviction for abuse was almost unheard of when I was growing up.”
Tony held his hands up. “Whoa, what’s that?”
(Shit.)
(Don’t have much basis for comparison, now do you, Steve?)
“Well, I’ve been up and working for hours,” Tony said with a grin. “And good news! I solved the problem with the Security Blanket!”
Tony snorted.
“No, no.  I’m sorry for the jargon—I know it’s not your thing.   I was just stress-rambling.”  She laughed.   “You know, I never did that before Tony.”  And now she was really smiling for a moment.
“What is?”
Steve hunched forward, brow creased. “Just, you seem really tense. I thought this would be relaxing, but—“
“Eventually?  Yeah.” Tony smiled at the thought.  “Steve’d never back down from a challenge, but it’s only been a couple of weeks.  For now, we’re keeping it quiet—only telling our friends.  I don’t want him to face the media circus before he’s ready.”
“Say my name,” Steve repeated.
“Look at you.  You take it so well,” Tony said, voice low and filthy.  “You’re cock’s dripping, and you’re all loose and wet back here, letting me fuck you.”
“I love you, Steve.”
,” Tony said, shaking his head. He waved Clint’s tablet away. “Well, now that I’m not on the verge of collapse, I’m overdue for a shower.”
“Yes, Tony. I understand.”  And this time Steve said it with a bit more gravitas.
“You can start dicing those potatoes,” Mrs. Rhodes said. She set a cutting board and a kitchen knife down at the empty spot next to Steve. “We’ll be boiling and mashing them in a bit, so just make them into cubes like this.”
It was a beautiful day.  In the past week, Tony had been busy and maybe a little subdued, but things between them had been great.  They’d gone out for tapas with the team—Natasha’s turn to pick the restaurant-- and if Tony sat a little closer than he would have before nobody made a big deal of it.  While Tony worked in his lab, Steve had taught another module at SHEILD and he’d been helping Natasha put her new Bite through its paces.  Tony had resurfaced to join them for another movie—Steve’s pick this time,
“I mean, sure,” Tony said, “we can be different
“And you won!” Jerry continued, still oblivious. “I can’t believe nobody told you about it. I guess Dom didn’t want you to have a chance to join the pool.” He laughed. “I mean, really, like there was any doubt Stark’d go belly up for the one and only Captain America.”
“Okay, JARVIS,” Toy said around a bite of chow mein, “send that over to Leo in manufacturing. Bump it to the top. Priority One, ASAP Code thingie.”
“Of course,” he said, voice steady. He smiled. “Good night, Steve. I had a great time.”
“Oh, you’re a
“Of course, sir.”
Tony blinked and swallowed; he clutched Steve a little closer.
“Oh, I’m very well, thanks,” she said. There was a long pause. (Huh.)
Tony nodded.  “Okay.  I’ll get those books to you first thing.  I was just--”  (Worried? Uncertain? Stalling?)   Tony fumbled.  “They’re a lot to take in.  I just didn’t want to rush.”
Tony grinned.  “See you soon!”
Steve loved running.  It was one of the best things about his new body—the ability to move so quickly and fluidly, never to struggle for breath like he used to.  It was miraculous and he had never quite lost his sense of wonder.  He hoped he never would.
“Oh.”  Tony frowned.  (“Manners won’t kill you, Tony,” Pepper’s voice admonished.) “Sorry I woke you.”
Well, it is hard.
“They’re not
(Surely it couldn’t be that bad, though, if Clint wasn’t angry and--)
“You were right,” Steve said. “The unagi really is amazing. And that episode was pretty goofy.”
They looked absurd.
“Of course, sir.”
(Huh? Oh. Oh, Shit!)
“Grab a beer,” Tony said, waving at the kitchen and patting the seat next to him magnanimously. “I’m picking all the best episodes.”
“Well, they do have more domosterone,” Tony said with a shrug. “Harry seemed like a good guy when we met. Chews with his mouth open, but there are worse things. He’s at Goldman Sachs, right?”
“Yeah, that’s good.”  The tip of Tony’s tongue poked out between his teeth as he affixed the K-52’s.  “I mean, I could set up a frame to hold them, but this is a lot faster.  And you’re more trustworthy than DUM-E.”
“No,” Steve said, voice firm. “Not okay.”
Steve winced.
“Bondage”: 	Steve checked “love it” and added a note:
“What do you mean?” Rhodey asked sharply.
“Wanna see the article?” Clint asked, offering his tablet.
“Good.”
“Thank you, darling,” Tony said.
“JARVIS, would you please call the team for brunch?”
Tony hadn’t touched the circuitry or the motherboard since Rogers left over an hour ago. He’d just been sitting, thinking.
cold out. Hey, what’s the worst that could happen? Maybe I’d fall asleep for another seventy years.” He said it bitterly.
(Finally.)
(It was actually a good deal looser than it needed to be, but there was no need to nitpick. Looser was always safer. )
At last Steve spoke, glancing over at Tony for a moment before his eyes skittered away:
“Yes, of course.”
“Sorry, dude. Next time.”
My thanks to all who comment and cheer me on and, before any other, my beta thatwhichyields who is the literal absolute best.
Tony gave Dummy a little salute and readjusted the bowtie.
“Cool.  Right, well,” Tony rambled.  Seriously?  He was supposed to be smooth. “So, I’d better give you the tour.  Go ahead and set your stuff down.”
“You know the drill, JARVIS!”
“Yeah,” Steve said, sounding grateful for the intervention. “But we haven’t been together very long so I figure we don’t have to say anything to them. Not yet. Right?”
“Of course.  One moment, Sir.”
“Next time, don’t,” he suggested. “You’re welcome in my bed.”
“Well, no,” Steve admitted, “not exactly, though I did check its reviews. Natasha showed me how.”
“Actually,” Bruce said with a pensive frown, “I haven’t seen Steve in a few days. You?”
Tony gazed at Steve over his sixth cup of coffee and didn’t bother trying keep the dopey smile off his face. There was no need; Steve had the same look.
And then everything happened at once: a flurry of bullets ricocheted off the creature’s exoskeleton; Cap’s shield went flying, but the creature ducked; the shield bounced off a tree and returned to Rogers like a boomerang; Clint’s exploding arrow (courtesy of one Tony Stark) found its mark and the creature chittered; Natasha was hacking repeatedly at the web with her sharpest knife. Tony launched himself into the air and fired off two repulsor shots—one to burn the web strand (which worked) and one at the creature’s head (effect unclear). It seemed stunned, for a moment—Tony hit it again, while Clint launched another exploding arrow. The creature recovered and charged Widow and the fallen Agent, moving with terrifying speed on all eight legs.
“Uh,” Steve said, “Not
Thor’s cell phone started to play “Flight of the Valkyrie” and he boomed, “Jane!  Glad news!” before rushing from the room to take her call.
Eventually Tony headed to the workshop on the feeble excuse of work, but Steve hadn’t raised any objections and even said he “had a few projects to tie up too.”  (Tony hoped that maybe it was
Tony pressed his cheek against Pepper’s knee. She rubbed little circles at the base of his skull
So Steve hadn’t been allowed--had been expressly forbidden--to
are sounding pretty damn good to me right now. You want in?”
"Fuck you," Tony hissed and raised his hand to strike again.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Nothing against Stark, but hasn’t Captain America been running in Central Park with a guy from the military? He was wearing a Veterans Affairs shirt in one of the photos. I bet that he’s the one Cap was talking about, especially since he said he’s talked to ‘a friend’ at the VA about PTSD.
“Huh?” Tony snapped out of it.
JARVIS complied.  Tony heard Rogers exclaim something that sounded like “ack” as a horde of zombies appeared out of nowhere and began ambling towards him.
And, well, when Bruce put it like that, Tony knew it wasn’t unreasonable.  And Tony’d stormed off and made a scene.
They didn’t make it through the rest of the poem that evening.
Of course.  The master bedroom.
“Yep, I think so,” Steve said, shifting the last of the packages in his arms.
Tony smiled up at him. And then Steve’s body was warm and solid against Tony’s and he was kissing him, sweet and soft, then harder with teeth and tongue. Tony gasped into his mouth.
Tony shrugged. “I don’t know what kind of food Steve will be in the mood for.”
Tony glanced around the restaurant.  (Nobody can hear us, right?  Right.  One upside of Marseilles—the tables are miles apart.)
(You left
“It was fine,” Rogers repeated blankly staring into the garbage at the entire omelet Tony’d just tossed.
Banner looked a little overwhelmed, but gave him a nervous smile.  “Uh, that's quite an offer.  And, honestly, I wish I knew what I'm doing here.  But, they said millions of lives were at stake, so--” he shrugged and gave a helpless little smile.  “But, whatever it is, it's a pleasure to meet you too, Dr. Stark.”
PR team become
Tony’s stomach gave a little lurch, part eager and part nervous.  (Was Steve about to get ambitious?) Steve kissed him again, his fingers carding through Tony’s hair. (What might he use?  Flogger? Paddle? Crop?)
Rhodey just rolled his eyes and answered with a dry, “Yeah, you do that, Tony.”
Steve was watching with visible pleasure, lips slightly parted and curled up in a little smile.
“Hey! Secret handshake?  There’s no--”
Tony blurted out “shit” at the same moment JARVIS said, “Sir? The readings have varied.”
“That was extemporaneous?” Tony asked skeptically.
“I  . . . I’ll be good.”  Steve could hear Tony panting.  The words came more easily now.  “I’ll make it so good for you.  Please, I want you so bad. . . ”
She never told him how stupid he’d been.  Or complained about losing the merger she’d been working so hard on.  Or mentioned the hit their stocks had taken.
Tony felt like he’d been punched; his stomach fell and the air rushed from his lungs so fast it left him half-dizzy.
“Yours?  Always.”
Tony growled.  (Manipulative son of a--)
“Damn,” Jackie said, massaging Tony’s temples. “Okay, you’re not the first person to say less than glowing things about him. You ok? How bad?”
do.” Tony shook his head. “Besides, I have a totally super selfish interest in your mom-hood! If you’re not a mom, how the hell am I gonna be a cool uncle? Seriously, who else would be crazy enough to trust me with a little kid? And I am gonna be an
Bruce was taking deep, angry breaths. Tony laid a reassuring hand on his knee under the table.
“I suppose it’s impossible to inquire.”
“Do you mind if I stay and do some drawing?  I promise I won’t interrupt you.”
As the team served themselves little plates of star and tree shaped cookies, Clint nudged four rectangular packages out from under the tree with his foot.
Rogers shook his head again, and Tony could tell he wasn’t entirely pleased by the lack of information himself.
Tony clutched his coffee in one hand and held the other up in surrender. “Not judging,” he protested. “Just saying. It’s not like you.”
Fury was really asking. Really
Natasha was frowning very slightly as she brought the rest of dishes to the sink. (Doesn’t she approve?)
“What’s the matter with people?” Steve asked, half angry and half sad.
Also, the end of chapter 51 and out-take "All Hail the Conquering Hero" are relevant to this one.  :)
Tony checked his phone again--nothing--and glared at the fridge.
Tony tried to focus on the game. (Not on remembering hot naked Dominating Steve.)
“What?  What is this?  What pact?”
“Her judgment’s been off with you before.” Fury said it softly, almost gently, his brows creased. It threw Tony entirely off kilter.
Tony smiled softly. “I know.”
“Of course! You had my best interests at heart, right?” Tony asked bitterly.  “A Domme clearly knows what I need better than I do.  Why bother so much as telling me what it was before injecting me, let alone asking?”  Tony shook his head.  “We’re done here.  You’ve been warned.”  He gave her a blinding smile.  “Welcome to Stark Tower!” he exclaimed, and turned to walk away.
“Of course not,” Steve agreed.  “Though I might have stretched the truth a bit.  Am I forgiven?”
Bitterness crept back into her voice.
(Yes, fuck.  Yes!)  Steve moaned, the sound muffled by Tony’s cock.
(Of course, he just meant being a
“I hear they’re all a buncha swells,” Steve said consideringly, then added, “but this one don’t seem so bad.”
-------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \---------------/   \--------------
"Did you miss me, Agent Romaov?"    ;-p
The elevator doors opened on Steve standing awkwardly in his entryway in a white undershirt and sweatpants. His eyes flicked up to Tony, then skittered away.
“You promised you wouldn’t move,” Ms. Potts said, crouching next to him. She pulled him up to lean against the workbench.
“Yeah?” Tony sounded a bit relieved.   “Good.  ‘cause it’s really hard for me to work without at least some data points, you know?  And it seemed hard for you to put into words, so I thought this might be, uh, good.”  He kissed the top of Steve’s head.  “But you can talk to me too.   I . . . I like hearing you say it, what you want.”
“Can you tell us anything about where they came from?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yeah, so, Steve and I are together now.  For the past, I dunno, almost two weeks.”  Tony took a sip of wine, trying to savor it.  He breathed out slowly but, nope, couldn’t let it go.   “Why Bruce?”
.  I want your cock in me so bad.  Want to be yours completely, feel you deep inside me, taking me.
Tony threw his hands in the air, exasperated. “I was trying to be
Close. Tony was getting close.
Tony finished his wine and poured himself another glass.
“Tony!” Steve said, still smiling but perhaps a hint nervous as he hovered at the threshold.  Tony waved him inside.  “Are you busy?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Steve nodded and started to get up, but Tony held him on the couch a moment longer as he added:  “Steve, it may take me a little while.  Maybe ten minutes.  Maybe more, but don’t worry—I’m coming.  If you get uncomfortable on the floor, I want you to lie down in the bed to wait for me.  All right?”
“It’s okay.  I’m here, Steve.  I’m here. . .”
“Yeah?  Cool.  So, I’m gonna head back to the lab, finish up a few things and maybe catch some sleep.  Meet you back up here noonish?”
he made hearing about it.
“What?” Dominick asked with vexed confusion.
“May I please come in?” Rogers asked.
Tony wasn’t sure how long he’d been tinkering when Steve knocked on the workshop door and stepped inside. Tony knew it was bad; he’d brought the coffee carafe.
Rogers’ look was inquisitive, but he didn’t say anything.  He set a box down next to the coffee.
Tony went still again and Steve gasped.
“Tony,” Steve murmured. He reached up to caress Tony’s cheek with a large warm hand, then tipped Tony’s chin up. Tony’s eyelids fluttered up and he found himself looking into Steve’s wide blue eyes, their faces close together.
Natasha walked around the workbench, sauntering closer and closer, until she was right next to Tony.  She had so much presence; he always forgot he was actually taller until they were standing close like this.
“Boss?  Seriously?” Clint exclaimed.  “I
(Things were good. And, hey, wasn’t ‘no sex ‘til the third date’ an old timey rule of thumb? Pretty sure it was.)
Tony had just fallen out of bed. He blinked owlishly at Steve for a moment, his eyes struggling to focus. Then his expression went sharp—he smirked.
Tony laughed and there was maybe something nervous around the edges, but he relaxed back into Steve's arms. “Always with Brooklyn, huh babe?”
“Mmmm?”
Morning chit chat had never been Tony’s strong suit, so he leaned over and gave Steve a long, lingering kiss.
Once he’d recovered, Tony shook his head.  “Just surprised me a little there.  But to answer your question,”  Tony gave an indifferent shrug, “Just depends on how you define sex, I guess.”
Tony gave a little jolt and looked back at him.
“We are,” Steve insisted. He swallowed. “And I know you read my messages. Why are you acting like you didn’t?”
“Admit it, you like doing things out of order.”
Steve hastened to add, “Not that we didn’t go on some missions together and get along okay. I liked him fine--I did--but just . . .” Steve frowned. “I could never shake the feeling I was this fascinating experiment to him, proof of his genius. And he was so worldly and sophisticated and
Rogers cleared his throat. “So, how are you feeling, Mr. Stark?”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
“Want some more coffee?” Steve asked as Tony blinked his eyes open.
(This wasn’t going according to plan, but then, what did?)
“Cross my heart.” Tony smiled.
“Thank God for that!”  Pepper smiled, then hesitated again.  “I’m still coming to New York for the Firefighter’s gala, so I thought I’d come visit.”
“Sorry. No idea where that came from. Silly, really.”
Tony could hear feet thudding all around him and Steve’s voice commanding, “Take your places! Weapons at the ready! But remember, if something comes out, you hold your fire for threat assessment.”
“Dr. Banner?  You have another incoming call from Dr. Ross, but--”
Steve spread his legs even wider and thrust into his hand, jerking his hips forward and back.
“Later, Pep,” Tony said, hopping off the couch and sauntering to the kitchen. Mrs. Rhodes was rolling out piecrusts, wearing a red-and-white-checkered apron she’d wisely brought from home.
Tony smiled. Oh Rhodey and his obsession with giving Tony water when drunk! It was sweet of him to leave painkillers and water, though Tony was kind of surprised that Rhodey’d had the presence of mind for it, really, considering he’d been pretty smashed too. Tony remembered both of them nearly falling down while Rhodey was helping him to bed and—
Not showing off the wealth—donating it to a good cause, unlike everybody else on that red carpet. Boom! So, go on, baby, spill.”
Tony was still formulating his follow up question when Cap added a little sheepishly, “Maybe it’s just an old habit.  There wasn’t that much I could do to help my mother as a kid—or even when I got older.  Taking care of the cooking was often all I could manage.  So maybe this is just a bit of the same.”
“Hey, no,” Steve said, trying to be quiet, “Don’t bother Tony with that!”
“How did that feel?” Steve asked the team.
“Mr. Thompson,” Harry said eagerly, “do please call me Harry.”
But first things first—time to call Rhodey.
Thank you so much for reading!
“Ooh, there’s Pepper!” Tony said with relief.  “Let’s go say hi. See a friend before we have to make the rounds.”
Tony stroked Steve’s cheek and continued: “I loved seeing you press your cheek to my foot because you
Steve’s hands went to the top button of Tony’s shirt, then paused. “May I?”
“I’m glad,” Steve said, then said more quietly, “You looked so beautiful it was hard to leave you.”
—he liked the way Tony explained things--and Tony’d never gotten such heartfelt apologies from anyone, and one of them before Tony’d demanded it or even wanted it! And Rogers was just so
Rhodey looked grim. “Tony, I’m shipping out pretty soon. You guys will keep an eye on him, right?”
“How about ‘Bob’?”
“English major? I thought you majored in CEO wrangling and threatening finger-shaking.”
“You’re beautiful,” Steve whispered, stroking Tony’s cheekbone with his thumb. He licked his lips. Then his eyes slid closed and he tilted his head to the side, cupping Tony’s face tenderly in his hands as he brought their lips together.
.  Since you’re only teaching enrichment modules and aren’t our CO it wouldn’t be against regulations.  And, I, uh,”  her voice dropped, shy or coy he couldn’t tell, “I’d really like to get to know you.”
As they approached the tentacle rope creature it started turning red and gold. They got close enough to be
(Well shit.)
,” Tony said. “He’s more than that goddamn uniform, you know.”
“Why are you even here?” Tony asked, suddenly sounding more confused than belligerent. He squinted up at Steve, like it was hard to focus clearly.
“Hey, Steve!”
Steve stroked his back; his hands were warm against Tony’s skin and Tony realized it wasn’t at all cool in his room like usual.  He wondered distantly if JARVIS had taken the initiative or if Steve had asked him to raise the temperature. (It seemed like something Steve would remember.)
“Of course, sir.”
(“Don’t worry, I always bring enough to share with my friends!  Who wants to do a line off my ass?”)
“You really didn’t know.” Cap sounded relieved and convinced.  (It pissed him off.)
Tony took long deep breaths, trying to push away the idiotic stresses of the day, relaxing down into Steve’s embrace.  (He can make his own decisions.)  Tony listened to the calming sound of Steve’s long, steady breaths as he drifted easily back to sleep.  (He loves me.)  It was quiet in the tower, high above the sounds of the city.
(See the end of the chapter for
Judging from her first response, Pepper was well and truly over him, right?  (Which is good.  Really.)  Pepper just wasn’t happy about
It had been one of the first things Meredith ever told him back when he’d started dropping by St. Michael’s.  Steve had nearly panicked, thinking she could sense something about him, could tell he was queer, but then he realized that she told
“Yeah,” Tony said, returning her smile. “Me too.”
“Honestly?” Steve pressed himself into Tony’s arms. “Just this.”
Tony blinked.  (Oh!)
Steve shuddered.
“Cap?” he said softly. Rogers looked down at him uncertainly.
Tony sighed. “No.” He shook his head and sighed again. “No, I’m not angry.”
“It doesn’t make any sense!” Tony muttered, then shook himself.  “Maybe with more accurate readings . . .”
“Date was perfect, Steve’s perfect, I promise I’ll tell you more later, but I’ve gotta finish getting dressed.”
Tony nodded.
Cap nodded, getting to his feet. “I’d be happy to join you.” He glanced down at his sweat drenched gym clothes and taped hands. “I’ll just need a few minutes.”
“God, Tony . . .” Steve muttered against his neck. “You’re just so . . . so . . .”
“That was good,” Tony murmured.  “So good, baby.”  He pulled away for a moment then pressed Steve’s head against his stomach, just holding him there and scratching his scalp lightly.  Tony was shivering.
“I thought you might like some coffee.  And, well, it’s getting near dinnertime.  I was thinking I’d cook for the team and you might have time to come up to eat?  And maybe watch some
“Of course, sir.”
(Mom would be so proud.)
He thought he was immune to the shit they said about him—that there was nothing left they could say to get under his armor. Apparently he was wrong.
While the coffee brewed, Tony walked over to the common room mirror hanging above the bar. He pulled his tank top up and twisted awkwardly to look. Tony’s cheeks heated at the sight of the delicate and precise rows of whip marks across his shoulders and down his back. Sam Deetz really was a master—they were evenly spaced and straight, 1.5 inches apart. Sam’s stripes were the perfect compliment to Rebecca’s lovely rope marks on his arms and at his neck.
Steve’s Dominant’s Notch bobbed and Tony kissed his throat.
“Hey, Tony,” he said as he sauntered out of the elevator.
“Dinner won’t be ready for quite a while,” Steve told him with an apologetic smile, “but we’ve got lots of snacks if you’re hungry. Can I get you anything?”
Nothing wrong with that, not really.  Tony’d had plenty of casual sex and smack, but he couldn’t this time.  Not like this.  Not with the Captain.
Steve gave a wistful smile as he said, “I’m supposed to be so strong now.” He shook his head. “I couldn’t even get out from under the debris.” Steve’s breathing was speeding up again; Tony squeezed his hand as Steve’s words came tumbling out, “I just kept squirming, pinned there while the water rose, and I wanted to get free and break the glass, try and swim, even though it was too cold to make it far and I wouldn’t know which way to go, but . . . but it would have been better than just letting the water rise higher and higher. And it was cold, so cold, like the forest but worse.”
Happy had gotten him home and helped him to bed, trying to look after him.  “
Maybe they’d have the same book.
Steve leaned forward to kiss Tony's brow, then his cheeks; he placed a soft little kiss at the corner of his mouth, then on his lips. He stroked Tony's shoulders, his back, then reached down to undo Tony's trousers. The tub was almost full.
“Huh?” Tony mumbled, rolling his stool closer.
“That is funny,” Steve agreed with mock solemnity.  “Yet here you are.”
punishing me.)
Steve’s mind still felt fogged with lust even as his body went loose and relaxed.  Tony was still on his knees, his cheek now pressed to Steve’s thigh, panting damply against his skin.  (Fuck.)  It was all over so quickly.  Steve covered his face with his arm.
(Steve.)
on # 72 . . .)
“What did I say about sass?” Tony muttered.
“So beautiful,” Steve murmured, unfastening his cuffs and rolling up his sleeves.
“Morning, Tony,” Steve said brightly. “There’s coffee in the pot still, if you’d like some. And pancakes.”
But, hey, Cap wasn’t a bad guy! If Clint took him aside for a tactful word . . . (He probably just hadn’t thought things through.)  Sure Cap could be a bit of a throwback, but it hadn’t seemed to prevent him being a generally decent teammate, to Tony included.  And after months without even being on a first-name-basis, Steve and Tony had finally gotten to be cordial, even buddies, Clint thought. (Being buddies, though, didn’t mean Cap could make Tony his that-other-kind-of-buddy.)
“Do you now?” Steve asked and, next thing he knew, Steve had flipped him over and pinned him in the snow with a grin.
Steve grinned, ushering him towards the elevator.  “No lettuce on pizza, Tony!  If you want lettuce, order a salad.”
Tony smiled. And somehow he managed not to chase after him.
“Oh. Sorry.” Rogers whisked the eggs. “Thank you. That’s kind.”
It had been billed as the trial of the century.  Despite days of testimony about her Dom's systematic abuse, they'd thrown out the self-defense plea and charged her with premeditated, first-degree murder.  Three people were killed at protests the day Mary Jacobs was hanged.  Later liberationists adopted her as a martyr and a rallying cry.
“Yes,” Bruce answered. He looked a little queasy. “I want a drink.”
“Now, I—” Steve said, then paused. He swallowed thickly, then said in a rough, low voice: “I’m going to do with you as I please.”
Whenever Steve seemed to be nearing the edge, he’d go still, breathing deeply, before fucking Tony again. (Seemed he had something to prove to himself…)
“Honestly, I don’t know.”  Tony gave her a wide, baffled grin, swept up in her enthusiasm.  “I was just teasing him and then out of nowhere we were having this serious conversation and suddenly—” (Shit!  Don’t say too much.  You promised the kinky stuff’s private.)  “—suddenly, Steve was saying he’s gay and he—”  (--
Tony spun. Bruce stood in the doorway to the workshop holding a thermos of coffee and two cups.
Shit.  If Tony wasn't careful, he might blush.
Steve grinned.  “Ok. It’s a deal.”
Natasha shrugged into her fur-trimmed coat. “All right team—Avengers out.”
Steve raised his head to look at Tony, trying to focus on him, on this moment, things that made Tony
“No,” Tony said, standing abruptly. “No.”
Steve nodded. The team seemed content, but Tony was uneasy. As Bruce and Natasha turned conversation to eggnog recipes, Tony turned to Cap, “Steve? You sure that’s okay? We can still do something more traditional.”
http://archiveofourown.org/works/5713783
“Put her through, J!”  Tony said, tossing a wrench back in the toolbox.
“Like I said, that’s what they’re for,” Tony shrugged.
Tony’s heart was pounding in his chest. He stared at Steve, who was looking away with unfocused eyes, as if at something in his distant imagination. After a few moments, Steve gave a little sigh as if coming back to himself.
(He hadn’t gotten laid in
In.  Out.  In.  Out.
“Shit. Shit. Tony, Tony, Tooooneeeee.”
And she couldn’t quite hold back a little glare at Tony, who was still holding Steve’s hand.
Tony gave an experimental little wriggle.  Steve took a sharp breath when Tony brushed his still-hard cock.  Tony perked up, feeling steadily more alert.
“So, uh, hey,” Tony said, “I’m on a break right now. You want a hand with those?”
And it wasn’t what Rogers
“Understood,” Steve said briskly. “I’m calling for reinforcements.”
“You looked so pretty with your cheek pressed to my foot,” Tony said softly, tightening his grip on Steve’s neck.  His tone was almost pensive.  “I think I’d like to see you this way more often.”
“Cheers,” Belford said offering Tony his drink and clinking their glasses together.
“Hadn’t figured you for a swearing man,” Tony said, leaning up against the doorway. Rogers spun.
Tony scooted closer and reached out to take Steve’s hand. Steve smiled at him and gave his hand a little squeeze.
He hated feeling guilty.  He wanted walk out of there so badly, but he couldn’t; no way he’d miss the fucking meeting and prove that Tony Stark was an unreliable diva.
“You’re sure you’re doing okay?” Pepper asked looking worried.
Tony took a deep breath.
Twice Tony made a vague attempt to pull away, but Mrs. Rhodes would have none of it; hugs were over when she said they were. (It felt good to be held.) Finally, she let her arms drop and Tony pulled back to say, “Come on in! Make yourself at home!” and give Rhodey an awkward half-hug around the cooking box.
“Tonight?” Tony asked startled.
“For burgers. We’re going to Ray’s. You two want in?”
Tony watched the team with a steady sense of warmth.  Sometimes it still startled him-- that they’d eventually found a way to fit together like this.
Tony reached up to cup Steve’s cheek with his palm.
“What!? Shit!”
No need to be nervous.
“Right.” Steve was smiling, but there was a sadness lingering around his eyes. “Thank you, Tony. I’m lucky to have such a good friend here.”
Ten more spiders leapt through the portal.
“So, here’s a thought,” Clint said, “every time you call me Birdbrain, I’m gonna call you ‘Lovebird.’”
As Tony headed for the elevator, he held back a frown. They should really decide when—and how—to tell the team they were dating. And soon. Otherwise it would get weird. (Weirder than that just was.)
“Hey, Tony?  Do you need a hand bolting—“
“Whenever you’re ready, gentlemen. Please take your time,” their server said, setting the bill down on the table and retreating.
“AC/DC and here we go!”
“No!  Absolutely not, Steve.  Hulk would totally smash Superman—if Superman existed, which he doesn’t.”
“I’m not actually magic,” Nat hissed, emotions finally bubbling up. (Or seeming to.) “
(Bug,
“I’ll take care of you,” Steve murmured.
Steve just looked confused.
might seem a little over-eager, Steve had already said, “I’d be delighted” and given him a bright, happy smile.
Steve stared blankly a moment, then looked horrified. “I wouldn’t! I didn’t even think of—” he stammered.
Pepper only asked if he was busy
Steve let out a frustrated grunt and drew back to suck the head again, moving it shallowly in and out of his mouth. Sure he was disappointed, but it was still progress. Tony’d approve.
“I wouldn’t dream of it, Mr. Stark.”
“Thank you all so much, ladies and gentlemen! Aren’t they wonderful? Now the band is going to take a last break while we give you the results of the silent auction and take a few moments to thank our generous supporters. Don’t worry, though! We’ll be back to the music before the ball drops.”
There was something slow and deliberate about the way Steve touched him, as if it were all part of a detailed and carefully considered plan. Steve kissed Tony again and stroked his hands up and down Tony’s back, as if mapping his spine, sides, shoulder blades, tailbone.
“No, no,” Steve said, “Chinese food would be fine. Sorry. I was just surprised.”
“Already taken care of, sir.”
“Goddamn fucking sack of shit macho douchebag fucktards!” (God, he fucking hated SHIELD sometimes . . . He’d pick them off one by one and then—wait.)
“Those are our two current theories, yes,” Bruce said.
Up in his suite Tony had a luxurious bath and was
“But that won’t be enough on its on,” the Captain continues. “People have to ask for help and accept it. And that’s hard. Just telling you that I have shellshock--that sometimes it wakes me up in the night--is . . . hard. . Part of me feels that it means I’ve failed, as a man. As a Dominant. As a soldier. But the rest of me knows that’s wrong. At least, here.” He taps his temple. “I’m working on getting the message here.” He taps his breast.
rescue me,” Tony corrected, then muttered into Steve’s shoulder, “Besides, it’s a fantasy.”
“So handsome . . . ” Tony rolled lazily in bed and gave a seductive little wriggle. “What are you up to today? Wanna show your sub a good time?”
tonight, just let me know.”
“Yeah.  With the rest of your stuff.”
“Look, I’ve worked a lot with chemical compounds and, okay, I’ll admit that this one won’t actually knock him out, but it might just slow him down, so all we need is to rig an administrating device that--”
Steve focused on his lesson with single-minded attention, pushing away his own arousal as much as he could.  Tony’s praise and filthy muttering grew more and more ragged the longer Steve worked and, although it wasn’t quite the triumph he was working towards, it was very gratifying to hear Tony’s voice go more and more desperate until eventually (how long had it been?) Tony pulled Steve off his cock.
But he hadn’t been humiliated by the modeling at all.  The students had been courteous, though distant, and as Steve sat on the raised platform, above them, he’d been their muse.  Steve was the center of their devoted concentration, at once a person and an object, as the Master walked around the room commenting on someone’s shading across the curve of Steve’s ribs, or how to capture the jut of his hipbone, or the right pigments to convey the fading bruises on his cheek and arm (remnants of Steve’s last scrape).
Right now, though, more than anything he hated them for
“Eeeewww iiiibbbeeeeee dnnnnnnnndddddddd,” the creature emitted, tone slightly less shrill than before. The sound came from what would be Steve’s stomach.
“Okay, Tones. What is it?”
. We’re gonna drink. And talk. And stuff.”
Steve reached out to caress Tony’s cheek and asked again, “What are your safewords?”
“Sorry!”
Tony’s blood rushed as Steve reached down to caress his ass; Steve’s hips rolled up against his.
(Fuck! How do I ease into this?  Shit.  Evasive maneuvers!)
Rogers had a strange look on his face Tony couldn’t interpret. Tony propped up on his elbows and gave a little shrug.
“Look, Steve, it’s important.  I—I don’t want to hurt you.  If anything—
A week later when Fury called and invited him to come in and consult (i.e. Meet Captain America), Tony said no.
Tony curled up on the bench and rested his head on Steve’s shoulder. Steve let out a pleased, surprised little noise and put his arm around Tony’s waist.
Steve stroked him again and sucked harder.  Tony flopped back against the pillows.  “Fuck!”
“Do you need me to chop or carry any—” Steve began, but with the flick of a button Tony set the giant gas fireplace roaring to life. Steve frowned slightly.
Tony kept his hands above his head, pressed to the wall as Steve released them, bringing his hand down to caress Tony’s cheek.  Then, very gently, Steve wrapped his hand around Tony’s throat.
you want more strength, but you don’t.  If I put any more ‘oomph’ into it, you’re gonna get such a strong recoil it’ll take you off your feet.”  Tony paused and capitulated—he turned.  Natasha cocked her head to one side, giving him that impassive look.  He stared back at her.  He hated that look.  (Well maybe…)
“I’ll need projections with the patterns for SHIELD’s last version of Cap’s suit and Vanessa’s report on reinforcing Kevlar seams. Oh, and turn on the coffee and, what the hell, let’s rock some Project Runway in the background.”
(No!  Please don’t go!)
“Yes, right,” Bruce agreed, looking so
As Rogers made his way to Gym B and Tom used all his training to follow unobserved, he supposed he should probably feel guilty for tailing Captain America.
“That we can identify,” a SHIELD agent muttered.
“Advice from The Matriarch Rhodes?” Tony asked, peering at the notes. Steve nodded. Tony smiled. “She’s the best.”
“Steve,” Tony murmured to himself, then nearly blushed—but there was nobody to hear him but JARVIS. Tony swallowed thickly and fumbled for his coffee cup.
(Steve hates the cold. Maybe he should take Steve to--)
There’d been a time ten—even five—years ago when Tony would have found Steve’s bashfulness and inexperience a gigantic turn off. (In fact, he was embarrassed to remember, he had actually kicked a few Doms out of bed for it…) But experience and confidence hadn’t exactly guaranteed the best results. And Steve was just so . . .
Tony sauntered over to Steve. He smiled at Tony’s approach.
In the elevator, Tony tapped his fingers against the arc reactor. He sighed. When he hit the penthouse, Tony poured himself a scotch then realized it was 1:35 pm and set it back down under the imagined weight of Pepper’s disapproving stare. (Damnit.)
“Oh fuck.”
“I’ll add them to the list.”
“Captain Rogers has made no attempt to visit the workshop.”
thing—and he didn’t like that feeling.
“I should get up,” Steve repeated, burying his face against Tony’s neck.
After standing in the doorway watching Steve sleep for a few minutes (not like a creepy stalker at all), Tony stepped inside and toed off his shoes.  He stripped down to his boxers and t-shirt, leaving his Armani in a messy pile on the floor.   He shut the door very quietly and crept to Steve’s bed, finding his way by the faint light of the arc reactor through his t-shirt.  He paused.
“At least we’re in the middle of nowhere again,” Clint said softly.
“Anyway, bla bla bla.  You have no idea what I’m talking about.”
“Uh, no.  I didn't agree to take orders from you,” he said smiling sweetly.
Rogers never came to the workshop.
Tony’d taken a handful of chips.
Tony swallowed again, throat dry.
Leila turned to Steve. “Mr. Stark tells me that this will be your first encounter with Persian cuisine, so Amir and I have taken the liberty of arranging a tasting menu for you both. Farhad will take good care of you. Welcome to Café Leila, Captain.
hoped he’d come, but to no avail. So, when Bruce and Tony had JARVIS suggest
Tony washed his hands, splashed some water on his face, and dried off with a hand towel, grateful to have the washroom to himself. He was just deciding whether to guarantee his privacy by stepping into a stall, make himself at home for a few minutes in the decadent lounge area, or return to the gala—the door swung open.
Tony could hear loud, heavy footfalls approaching the stairwell—a hand jostled the doorknob. Tony considered dashing up the stairs so Steve wouldn’t see him upset, but maybe it would be okay—he could just say it was the sewing machine, or a bad day, or that this time some youtube comments got to him and maybe
. Dude, seriously,
It wasn’t just the usual Affection, Affirmation, and Reassurance (AAR)—Steve was off that script, and he said it all with an intensity that made Tony feel overwhelmed.
Another pause.  “Tony, I’ve been wanting to apologize for --”
(See the end of the chapter for
for Rogers; he got up early to hear that shit in Latin with the Mel Gibson whackjobs.  Tony snorted.  Ridiculous.
“It’s just,” Bruce rubbed his brow. “I get snatches of it, sometimes, after--or maybe during? It’s weird.”
“You could read up here,” Natasha suggested. “It’s not like we have a curfew.”
“You always want a hot dog,” Natasha said, startling Tony as she appeared from nowhere behind him.  He glared at her; she shrugged.
“And it’s same in the boardroom!” Pepper cried, she waved her glass and a little scotch sloshed over the right edge. “As if I need double Domosterone to run Stark Industries! It’s like I can’t let my guard down for even a minute!”
Steve smiled a bit wider (a more familiar smile) and interrupted, “I’m sure it will be lovely, Tony.”  Steve bumped his shoulder against Tony’s, then quickly stepped away again.
Steve shuddered as he choked out, “You, Tony . . . you, always you. . . you . . .” Steve couldn’t get enough air, couldn’t put it into words.  (You fucking me . . . being spitted on your cock . . . pinned down, spread open . . . taken, claimed . . . ) He couldn’t hold still any longer—he jerked back and forth desperately.
“Ah.”  Tony took a sip of scotch and turned away to gaze into the fire.
“No!” Tony tossed the covers back abruptly, then winced. Maryanne Rhodes disapproved of excess.
When he finally pulled away, Tony was panting heavily.  He ran his hand up and down Steve’s neck, alternating firm and light caresses.
Tony’s stomach twisted.  He took a deep breath: “It’s Steve.”
As if Tony were the marrying type!
They chuckled.
“Do I have to pick one or the other?” Steve asked with a sly grin. “The night is young.”
A day passed. Then two. Then three. It was driving Steve crazy.
“The legend of Captain America--it’s only grown in the last 70 years,” Colbert says sympathetically. “That’s a lot to live up to.”
“Here,” Tony said, holding out the second mug. “Coffee?”
. Help me create something. Anything at all—as a back-up measure.”
“Could be lots of things,” Tony said. “Interplanetary copycats? Intergalactic disturbance? Interplanetary weirding?”
Steve glanced over and gave him a fleeting smile. (Hesitant or sad or pensive or—?)
“We’ll get right on it,” Tony promised.
She looked at Tony as she said it, but Rogers answered, “We remember. Good day, sir.”
“Sorry?” Tony repeated.
(Oh shit!)
“So, you still haven’t told me where we’re going,” Steve said with a little smile.  (And what is that?  Is he sad? Wistful?  Worried?  For a man with his heart on his sleeve, Steve can be really hard to read sometimes.)
“Nothing.”
Steve took long, deep breaths; beside him Tony did the same and it turned into another round of wet hacking. Steve frowned. He was about to bring Tony some water when the coughing fit passed.
Steve drew back to study Tony’s face. “You’re sure that--”
“This isn’t about us,” Steve said. Tony raised an eyebrow.  “I mean, it sort of is--but we’re still teammates.  We have to work together in the field.  All of us.  We have to communicate.”
“What do you want, baby?”  Tony whispered, caressing Steve’s face with light fingertips.
“Cocktails assembled!” Tony called. “Got yours right here, Cap. Everybody else, bring your glasses. Time for a toast.”
“You were wonderful,” Tony assured him. “A natural.”
“Yeah, just—“ Rhodey sighed again and explained to Tony, “So, her best friend from grad school, Jen, was engaged to be married this spring and two days ago her fiancé dumped her. Out of the blue, just walked out, called off the wedding, and took back his collar.”
(Sloppy.  Impressive, sure, but hard to defend.  Easy to spot from the coast. Disaster.)
“But he does have admirable qualities!”  Steve looked like he would say more, then changed his mind and shook his head.  He glanced around at the glowing blue schematics and hesitated.  “Do you still have time for dinner?”
“Now one of Nat and Tony in front of the tree.”
Steve was on his way up to Tony’s suite, StarkTab in hand, before he realized he’d reached a decision.  He heard movement in the bedroom and called as he hurried in, feeling flustered and eager: “Tony, are you— ”
(Well, it was still progress, right? No power on earth could have muzzled them five years ago. After all, his team wouldn’t have had a bargaining chip back then, would they?)
“Then what are you worried about?”
“Try not to turn so much on your follow through,” Cap advised. “And try using your momentum to resituate for another shot. Okay, go.”
“Love you too.”
Steve looked lost in thought, expression wistful for a moment, then concluded with a shrug, “It was lovely.”
Rhodey was—)
“No.”
They lingered over ktefa, quietly sipping more tea, and exchanging long, lingering looks.  Tony hadn’t even said anything and Steve was already blushing.  (Well, no mystery what he’s thinking about!)
Steve stuttered a little, grappling for the right word, but Tony’s mind was leaping ahead to supply possibilities. (“--charity case.” “–freeloader.” “–lazy bum.” Shit.) Tony blinked. (
Tony was halfway to saying,
, not to random hookups, not to strangers. He didn’t want their pity. This was better, right?
Tony’d expected a squawk of protest from Clint, but he was unexpectedly absorbed in the newspaper that Steve had left out on the counter.
“Fine.” Steve resumed the steady scritch-scritch-scritch of his pencil.
Thanks for reading!
“That that’s all you talk about.  I know I only met the guy for a few minutes, but maybe it would be good for both of you to talk. And not just about superficial stuff.”  Pepper’s voice was gentle, kind. “He must be so lost in the twenty-first century.  I can’t imagine.  Maybe you should talk about things you really care about with him.”
“So, how about it, birdbrain?”
“Huh.” Tony shouldn’t have been surprised, but he was. “Never realized that you had these skills.”
Steve shrugged. “At least it looks like he's eating and drinking. Er, just water and coffee. So that's good.”
“But he wants to try the transformation without Iron Man. To test your theory.”
, “Don’t worry, babe. I can think of plenty of other ways for you to impress me.”
“I mean, that’s your floor, so you can do whatever you want with it, you know? Just thought, since you seem to like this kitchen better, maybe we should redo yours.”
“What’s wrong?”
“Fuck!  Steve, please, oh God.  I need you,” Tony gasped.  “Fuck me!”
Tony blinked, feeling a little silly.  Cap had been awake for months now, reading up on everything he'd missed.
Tony very deliberately got out of the limo first, smiled and waved to the press, but didn’t stop at their cries of “Tony! Tony, over here!”
“Well,” Steve said, frowning a little. “I did want to meet my—“
“Excellent.  Shall I give you the run-down now, or put it in an email?”
I love Tony but seeing him on the red carpet with Captain America really makes him look . . . like, super old? I mean, still rad, but I hadn’t noticed how much older he looks.
“Good boy.”
“I told him to go to hell.”
“I-- I shouldn't have yelled.”
.  I don’t HAVE to do anything.)
“James?” Mrs. Rhodes said, coming over to them. “It’s getting late and we’ll have a long day tomorrow. I’m heading to bed.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Hey, Cap?” he said softly. “What’s up? I mean, we got there in record time, nobody was even injured, and we helped the Eewoo get home. So, victory, right?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony dropped his head down to the side and bit his lip. He smiled. After a moment’s indecisiveness, he ran his thumb across Steve’s wrist to caress the delicate skin.
“Hey Clint,” Natasha said, “You should tell Steve about our mission in the Philippines. He’d like that one.”
“Tony, I’m taking the subway.” His tone was mulish.
“Sure.  We know that.”  Clint shrugged. “And, you know we really don’t give a shit that you’re gay, right?  It’s cool.”  Clint clapped him on the shoulder again and wandered out after Natasha.
“Mrs. Rhodes,” Tony said, taking both her small hands in his and kissing her on each cheek as she stepped from the elevator. He made a show of studying her, then declared, “You’re more lovely every time I see you. It’s simply unfair.”
“I do what I can,” Tony said with a grin. “Still, you managed to keep Rogers’ foot out of his mouth, so that’s a job well done.”
Tony gasped, finding his voice again.
“Seriously?” Harris’ voice was incredulous, then a little irritated, “Why are you being like this?”
“With pleasure, sir.”
“Mmm,” Tony murmured noncommittally. He tried to take a step away, but Belford tightened his hand on Tony’s arm. “We’re missing the party,” Tony said, “and now I’ve gotten some fresh air. We should really head back in.”
(Finally,
“Report!” Cap barked.
“Not a word,” Tony admitted. “Cap never talks about the war. And he hardly mentions the past.”
“No reason to abandon your coffee,” Tony said, retrieving their mugs from the counter.  “My bad.”
“Got it,” Tony said, something inside him quietly unwinding. “Too soon.”
“It was no trouble,” Rogers said.  “And now, I should leave you gentlemen to your work.”  He bowed to Tony, then paused and asked, his voice pitched only for Tony, “Mr. Stark? Would you really like donuts?”
“It’s an honor, Captain. Truly. You should have seen my face when the network told me that you were going to give me your first solo interview.” Colbert clasps his hands and looks up to the ceiling, whispering, “Thank you Saint Theresa! I knew you were listening. Miracles are real.”
“Great,” Tony said, lying through his teeth.
“Like this?”  With one slim, slick finger, Tony rubbed very gently at Steve’s entrance.
“That is,
“Thank you, Steve,” Pepper said, in the ‘warm but formal’ voice Tony thought of as ‘Nice CEO.’ “I look forward to getting to know you.”
Natasha was giving them a considering look, but said nothing.
“Sir, Ms. Potts is on the line.”
“The prospect of seeing you, beautiful boy, gave wings to my feet,” she said teasingly. Tony chuckled.
Little by little, Tony’s breathing evened out and his heart rate started to slow again.
“No!” Tony protested, then looked away and admitted softly, “Well, yes.  I mean--I could feel it.  Couldn’t you?  Bruce was so discouraged; we were losing him.  And then I realized!  Hulk was smelling us.  But he couldn’t smell me in the suit; it was like he thought Iron Man was a danger to the rest of the team.  If I’d waited to talk it through, we’d never have gotten Hulk to a place he could start joining the team.”
Tony nodded and slid under the adjuster.  “Later.”
Tony scooted over and patted the spot next to him on the bed. He was sitting up against the headboard. (Really it wasn’t that different from sitting on the floor.)
“Me!” Clint said, offering Tony his empty mug.
“Come on in!”
“Yeah, maybe,” Tony said with some reluctance, “but we already did a self-defense class.”
On screen, Michael nodded. “We’ll tailor everything in more detail once we’ve heard from the whole team, but our preliminary recommendation is to begin with a strictly professional tone and set that as the baseline: keep everything very explicitly about your training, your complementary professional backgrounds, the operations of the team. Nothing personal in the official press releases. In interviews, talk about one another as coworkers, give as few personal details as possible.”
Little dots lit up his screen and Steve held his breath again. But they vanished quickly once more.
“And our fiscal year ended in November,” Leila reminded him. “Which you’d know if you bothered to open the mail we send you.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Yeah. And, like, I don’t have very much time left, so chop chop.”
Pepper took another deep breath and began. She seemed to trying for (but failing to recreate) the matter-of-fact tone she used for SI reports: “You’ve been in a coma for ten days, causes mostly unknown.” Tony stared. (
(Don’t fuck it up, don’t fuck up, don’t fuck up….)
Thanks for joining me on this little adventure! :)
Steve wanted to be little spoon, even though he was so much bigger than Tony.  And, frankly, it was a little awkward.  More than a little.  Trying to reach up and around put Tony’s shoulder at a painfully weird angle. (Damn, Cap had wide shoulders and a barrel chest!)  Tony squirmed.  Eventually, Tony propped up on a pillow, and he felt a little silly like that, but he was glued to Steve’s back, arms wrapped around him, breathing in the smell of his hair, and then Steve reached up to clutch his hand, and it was just fine.
“Okay, but you may need to institute some dance floor safety protocols,” Steve mumbled, looking a little bashful.
okay?” Tony asked and Steve nodded with a little smile.
“Definitely.” Tony licked his lips and added very softly, “Maybe you can draw me in another pose sometime soon.”
“I don’t break that easily, Cap,” Tony said.
Maybe Tony would tie him up like in his drawing?  Maybe he’d tie him up then push him against the bed and fuck him from behind, murmuring soft and dirty in his ear.  (“You like that, baby?  Fuck!  Take it!  Yeah, you’re gorgeous.”)  Maybe he’d make Steve beg for it.  (“Tony,
“Spar with me?”
Steve rolled his hips and rocked back onto Tony’s finger.  Tony let out a strangled noise, but just kept slowly pulling out and pushing back in with one finger.  (Not enough . . . more . . . more. . . )
The food was gonna blow Steve’s mind.
Tony grabbed Steve’s hand and kissed it again.
“Are you here about the Bite?  ‘Cause I know you maybe
“Good.”
“Tony, that’s fantastic!” Steve cried.  “I knew you’d figure it out!”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Tony took another bite and Rogers just hovered for a few moments.
Rogers got under Tony’s skin more than he should.  Sure all the old-fashioned chivalry shit was pretty tedious—and Tony should say something soon—but Rogers seemed to mean well and Tony’d put up with plenty worse.  Rogers took team bonding quite seriously and seemed particularly focused on Tony, but if Tony caught Rogers looking, he’d distribute his attention more evenly and Tony would find himself wondering if it had all been in his head.  So Tony watched Rogers like a hawk—at least until Rogers’ noticed, when Tony’d then pretend he hadn’t been watching Rogers in the least.  Rinse, repeat.
hold in whatever toxic fumes you think are strong enough to sedate him, well, you ought to have your head examined! And when—not if—he breaks the seal on my device, where do you think these chemicals will go?”
know, but just watching him with you I was pretty sure there was something there, at least on his side. And I just thought, ‘Finally, a Dom worth Tony’s attention.’ Was just hopin’ you’d notice.”
“Tony!” Ms. Potts cried out and ran across the workshop.
“And no offense, buddy, but your grumpy voice doesn’t even come close.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
And now Steve looked concerned, fully alert. “Why would I say no if I didn’t mean it?  If someone—“
at wrapping presents and writing cards, so, uh, no—this, not really my thing. Uh. I just gave Steve a ride.”
Tony’s fingers closed around the edge of his tablet at the same time his thigh brushed against—
Tony snorted. “I’ve sent it to my lawyers and back to Fury nine times.  So, yeah, I’d say there’s something wrong with it.”
“What do you mean, ‘now what’?” Rhodey asked. “Hang out. Watch more
“Of course, sir.”
“—and for you personally. It would be good for your fundraising efforts, the Avengers,
The tension seemed to ease out of Pepper’s body at his quiet reply. She was efficient as usual: she kicked off her heels and laid her blazer neatly over a chair; she moved one of the drip racks out of the way and slid the side rail down; then, very carefully, she eased herself onto the bed next to him. Tony started to shuffle over awkwardly to make room, but Pepper scooped him up and resettled him herself. Soon, he was cuddled up to her, head against her stomach, legs curled around hers. Pep stroked his hair, scratching lightly at his scalp with her fingernails just the way he liked it.
Tony’s heart pounded and the need to pull Steve close, take him in his arms and kiss him, was nearly overwhelming.
“Good,” Tony said. “Good, I—Steve, please.”
“Yeah,” Tony said, voice a little thick. “I know you will, buddy.”
“You can’t be sure of that.” Bruce made no move to hug Tony back.
Tony glanced down. He could feel the telltale tingling that meant he might blush, but it was just Rhodey so whatever. (Seriously, he’d spent most of college blushing at the man, so yeah. Whatever.)
Tony made a slashing motion and JARVIS ended the call. Tony sighed, feeling at sixes and sevens. He went to the bathroom for a piss, still trying to decide what to do. Washing up, he caught sight of his eyebrows and grimaced.
Tony fell silent as Steve came tumbling into the lab, wild-eyed and breathing heavily.  He froze when he saw Tony—then hovered, panting in the doorway with
Tony carried the pizza over to the coffee table. The stairwell door opened.
Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s hair and kissed the top of his head, his cheek, then breathed softly into his hair, “We’re gonna be so good to each other.”
“I didn’t really think you were a virgin,” Tony said softly. “I was just goading you. I didn’t mean for—”
“Thank you for the invitation, Tony,” Pepper said softly from the loveseat.  “It’s nice to see you.”
(Oops.)
"I said
Tony nodded and climbed a little hesitantly from Steve’s lap.  His cock bobbed and swayed as he moved, leaking thickly. He suddenly felt very naked again, with Steve sitting there in his dress shirt and blazer.
“You’re amazing,” Tony murmured.  “Look at you—so fucking eager, like you can’t get enough.  You’re already so good at this.”
“I guess so.”
After a few minutes, everyone took their places on the Quinjet for the trip back to New York.
_______________________________________________________________________
been looking forward to meeting you,” she said to Steve, making big doe eyes at him and leaning forward to show off her cleavage.  She batted at him and said with a pout, “But now it looks like you’re off the market!”
“Well then, I hope you never give me a watch.”
“Bad?” Steve asked looking up, eyes wide with concern.
Tony gave Bruce a playful shove. “It’ll hold all right! I just think you’ll feel pretty silly being defeated by blue and pink super-plaid with fuzzy duckies on it.”
“I really couldn’t say, sir.”
“Yes, sir?”
Steve didn’t try to send any more letters.
“Not gonna lie,” Steve said, rubbing his forehead again. “I’m counting down the moments till I can get out of here.”
Clint went to bed the moment “To Catch a King” ended, while Bruce lingered a little, exchanging pleasant ‘good nights’ before turning in. Natasha was still curled in the armchair, knitting. Tony poured himself a small glass of scotch then reached for his tablet.
“What?” Steve gaped at him, eyes and mouth almost comically wide.
(I love Tony.  He loves me.  He’s not upset.  Everything’s all right.)
JARVIS had called security and the fucker'd been restrained within minutes, looking ridiculous in handcuffs with his dick hanging out of his trousers.  (Yeah, and thank God-- no, thank
(Tony . . . Tony . . . Tony . . . )
The rug under the couch was rich and plush—the sort of fake fur extravaganza that had been all the rage back in nineteen-ninety-something,  back when a decorator had redone the property in preparation for some wild party Tony’d thrown for a bunch of corporate bigwigs & fuckable friends. (Obie’d suggested that—nope.) It was the kind of rug that screamed ‘for a sexy, naked, kneeling sub!’, but in the end Tony’d never used it.
“I--” Steve clenched his fist, then relaxed it and took a deep breath. “Jimmy Stevens froze.” Steve’s voice dropped to a whisper; there were tears shining in his eyes. “We thought he was sleeping.”
“You didn’t defeat the dragon yourself, did you?”  Tony asked bluntly.
Steve pulled off Tony’s cock to speak.
uncle.”
Next Fury’s PR minion was on to Captain America: how to announce his survival; which talk shows he should do; what sort of preparation he’d need before talking to the press off script. Whether he would go on tour or not. If so, how long and where to. And Tony couldn’t help noticing that although Rogers nodded steadily, expression stoic, he looked a little ill at the prospect. It was getting increasingly difficult for him to hide his distress as Carmichael laid out the possibilities.
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Of course, sir.”
Pepper had told him, as gently as possible,
47, 48, 49 . . .
Tom slid into the recessed doorway of Seminar Room 27, leaned back against it, and pretended to focus on his phone. He really needed to get a better cover game—he didn’t even like Candy Crush. He glanced up surreptitiously.
Steve found it hard to breathe; his heart was pounding and his throat was tight.
Steve told Tony about his tactical analysis of their battle with the Doom and Gloom Grad Bots.  Tony told Steve about his ideas for upgrading Widow’s weaponry.  They argued about Bond movies.  (And of course Steve likes Daniel Craig’s Bond—the one with *feelings.*  He’s James Bond for God’s sake!  He doesn’t do feelings.)  Little by little, Steve’s uneasiness diminished but, now that Tony knew what he was looking for, he could tell it was never fully dispelled.
The love story between Samuel Thomas and Lydia Freedman was inspired by the true story of Nichelle Nichols’ grandparents and told in her autobiography, Beyond Uhura.  Her grandfather, born Samuel Gillespie in 1849, was the son of a rich slave owner; Lydia Myers was the daughter of ex-slaves. They married in 1878 and took the last name Nichols.  Nichelle writes that they "loved each other passionately" and describes her grandfather as "a man of unshakable resolve and clear moral vision." Her account of their love filled me with hope. I highly recommend her autobiography.
It was so easy to forget that for Steve the war—
Steve would never put on a dirty uniform. Which meant he’d never taken it off. (And Steve’s hair wasn’t fluffing up at the back the way it usually did; actually, it looked kinda greasy.)
“Steve?” Tony asked softly.  “Have you ever touched yourself
“Six o’clock exactly, sir.”
“Yes. Mr. Nguyen has been very patient.”
Steve had no idea what any of that could possibly mean, but he nodded attentively as Tony rambled until finally Tony must have identified his confusion.
They were quiet for a moment before Steve said, “I’m glad you’re back.” He swallowed thickly. “I wanted to apologize. For the last time we spoke, before you left. I’m sorry for that. I hope I didn’t make you uncomfortable.”
“Hey,” Tony said, trying to be casual. Unembarrassed.
Tony rolled his shoulders, feeling pretty good despite sleeping slumped over on the couch. (He’d only had one glass, after all.) He glanced down at his wrists; his marks were so faded they were nearly invisible. Soon the ones on his back would disappear too, as if they’d never been there. It was reassuring—a clean slate—but somehow disappointing too. There’d been a time when Tony hadn’t passed a day without
(“I can’t do this.”)
“Wonderful,” Tony said, giving a luxurious stretch. “Everything was wonderful.”
Where angels fear to tread
“Good,” Steve said, pressing a soft kiss to Tony’s lips. “I’ll be back soon.”
Tony soon lost track of time, immersed in multilateration scans.  The steady stream of old timey music blurred together, less present and real to him than the steady background of Steve’s pencil scritching across paper, punctuated occasionally by frantic erasing.
(“Oh, fuck! You’re so good, baby.”)
Steve spoke softly: “I loved that book . . . We had so few. The library had taken it out of circulation and put it in the sale bin because the spine was cracked, but the pages were all pristine.” He smiled faintly. “It was a real hodge podge--lots of Shakespeare’s sonnets, Milton. Some American poets too. Dickenson. Whitman. I’d never heard of Donne before, but I liked those especially. It seemed like he wrote love letters for God and prayers to his submissive.”
potentially unnecessary disclaimer: Just a little reminder that this is an AU.  Liberationism overlaps with and invokes lots of concepts from feminism, but I by no means wish to imply that all women do or should desire to submit.  ABSOLUTELY NOT (as I hope is already clear from the story) The AU is not a 1:1 translation. I’m a feminist submissive myself and we’re turning to the part of the story that deals more Tony's desire to express his submissive identity (in what I think is a liberated way), but please don’t suppose the echoes of feminism in liberationism represent some sort of gender essentialism on my part.  It’s an AU and Tony is an individual within it.
“All yours,” Tony answered softly.
“Tony?”
“I’ll let you finish your dinner,” she said.  “I hope we’ll see you again.”
Tony let out a little noise unbidden when Steve’s fingers closed firmly around his wrists again and with a slow pressure, pinned them behind his back. (Yes!) He could feel Steve smile against his lips.
It was the strangest interview he’d ever been to and Steve was starting to feel an echo the professor’s uneasiness. His blush was spreading down his neck and he started to drop his head awkwardly, almost bashful, then reminded himself that he had nothing to be ashamed of. Steve raised his head again and threw his shoulders back.
Without a backward glance, Tony left The Pierre behind him.
©1996 by Jay J. Wiseman.  All rights reserved.
HTML Editor - Full Version
“Yes, sir?”
“Wait, you’re all up here?” Bruce said, frowning and pulling at his tux. “I thought we were meeting at the limo.”
“Bucky lost his mom when she was bringing him into the world,” Steve began, “and his father, well, I never knew the man, but he had a reputation in Brooklyn. He was a boxer, won some big prize fights, but had trouble with betting and drinking so he lost money faster than he won it. He wasn’t very happy with his life and he’d take it out on people—“ Steve hesitated, and his voice went low, “sometimes Bucky, I think, though he never said so. Eventually, when Buck was ten his dad was killed in a bar fight—knifed in the side—so Buck went to Magdalene House, the orphanage next to the hospital where my mom worked. It was attached to St. Mary’s where we went to Mass and where the school was.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Clint waved it off.
Tony shook his head. “I can’t believe youwant to watch
“And, mate.” Bruce grimaced, then muttered, “You know, if you didn’t want to play. . .”
Steve looked skeptical.  “Do you mean that?”
“JARVIS?  Give me all our data on the portal energy signatures.”
Steve nearly rolled his eyes.  As if that mattered under the circumstances.  He'd be lying back and thinking of Eire either way...
“Don’t be so hard on yourself,” Tony said. “You’ve had a lot to adjust to. That’s hard work. It’s not just something you can--”
“I was just telling Ms. Potts,” Tyrone Macmillan said, “That Sylvia is Executive Vice President of Macmillan Corporation and the head of our new research division.”
Tony tried to shrug it off. He snorted. “Do your best to capture the family resemblance.”
His homework could wait a while.
Bruce let out a strained laugh.
“Why am I not surprised,” Fury said, one eyebrow raised, though he didn’t sound terribly upset about it.
“You did?  Oh.  Well then.  Wait, what time is it?”
Pepper stroked his cheek, ran her fingers through his hair. It felt good, a warm soothing comfort, and he could nearly slip back under—but, no. Not yet.
On day four, Bruce emerged from his room. (Or at least, emerged when Tony was around; presumably he hadn’t been resorting to a chamberpot all that time.)
“We already did this too,” Tony said with a shrug.  “Answer’s still no.”
Bruce smiled. “Why should I when you’re willing to do it yourself?” He shook his head. “I’m just happy for you, Tony. You and Steve both.”
“I wasn’t planning to be,” Fury said. “Why?”
Bruce shrugged.  “I have a few friends at Berkeley who might—”
3) See if he can escape the premises before ten Agents take the opportunity to insult him, bully him, or flatter him.  (There was a betting pool on who would be the first to get the Stark Terror to submit, and which tactics would bring him to his knees.  And they were dumb enough to think he didn’t know about it…)
“Say it, Steve.  Tell me your safeword.”
Tony answered with something between a nod and a shrug.  He wasn’t sleepy exactly, but it was as good an answer as any.  Pepper caught his eye and furrowed her brow questioningly, but at Tony’s (probably dopey) answering smile her look softened.
Deputy Commander Hill had the most perfect poker face. (Besides Natasha, of course, but Natasha’s a friend now so it’s not the same).  It always made Steve a little uneasy.  Maybe she was still angry that he’d called her “ma’am” the first time they’d met?
Pepper answered, tone flustered, almost outraged: “Just there's something weird about it! I mean, he was friends with Tony's
Steve’s eyes were dark and hooded and his cock jutted out proudly. He crossed his arms over his chest as he continued to stare, letting his eyes wander up and down Tony’s body.
Steve’s ears went pink.
“Player vs. player—video game reference,” Bruce answered and shot a robot with a stun gun.
When he rounded the corner, he found everyone settled: Clint and Natasha on the loveseat, Mrs. Rhodes in his armchair, and Steve, Bruce, Rhodey and Pepper in a tidy row on his long couch.
Tony gave a tight nod. He hesitated. (
(Fuck.)
Tony finished the pasta while they talked.  When he was done, Rogers said with a smile, “Well, I should let you get back to your projects, Mr. Stark.  Thank you for inviting me in to see your workshop.  And for the explanation.  Really aces.”
Of course, she wouldn’t have such glowing things to say about Tony. His heart was already starting to speed up with nerves, knowing he wouldn’t like whatever she’d worked up for the Stark Terror and knowing even more definitely that he had to keep his cool.
began, but even though he’d seen it several times, Tony couldn’t seem to catch any of the dialogue. Audrey Hepburn and Humphrey Bogart glided past, but couldn’t hold his attention. Tony’s hands felt clammy. Pepper’s fingers scratched lightly at his scalp, but couldn’t distract him from his thoughts.
“Now where were we?” Tony asked Steve. “Right.
“It’s like a code word,” Tony explained.  “It’s what you say if you’re distressed and want to stop.”
“Where are we headed, Cap?” Natasha asked, stepping into the cockpit.
“Good morning, Tony,” Steve said. He held out both of his hands and Tony obliged him. Steve kissed first his left hand, then his right and, after a moment’s hesitation, cupped Tony’s face with both hands and kissed him softly on the lips.
Steve took a deep breath and looked around the workshop, then back to Tony. He took a cautious step forward, very slowly, and said, “I know you, Tony. Really I do, but
Steve pressed in a little harder,
“Yeah! Of course.”
“Hold steady!” Steve repeated urgently.
, ok? Fix things the way you like them, not kick you out!”
“What was that, Captain?” Fury asked, arms crossed over his chest.
“Sure, but full of unsupported lies,” Tony said with a shrug.  “Some things don’t change.”
“Yeah,” Tony admitted. “Though the money helped there too.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
"All the more reason to let me serve, sir," Steve said.  His heart was pounding in his chest.  (Could this really be happening?)
“At least, if I leave the repulsor beams the way they are, with micro-electric-circuitry, you’ll have the recoil.”  Tony frowned.  “Maybe, though, it could pack more of a punch if I blended that with--”
The Captain drinks some water and nods..
“Well, Stark Industries is always looking for talent,” Tony said.
“Have you really thought this through?” she asked eventually.
“Likewise,” Steve said warmly.
to submit.  To me.  I love knowing that you trust me this much, even if that trust sometimes terrifies me.   I love you.  It’s an honor to have you as my lover and as my sub.”
Tony decided pretty quickly that he liked Clint.  He was a bit of an ass, but he didn’t take himself too seriously.  He was a hardcore Dom, but Clint usually dated aggressive switches, so it made sense he got Tony.  (He had, apparently, dated Agent Kate Richards—the butchest, toppiest switch Tony’d ever met—and they were still buddies.)  Clint swore a lot, talked during movies, and sucked at air hockey.  So, yeah, Clint was okay.  Mostly.
They clinked their glasses together.
Natasha gave him a look as she asked, “Don’t you usually train in the gym at 3?”
“Yes,” Pep said seriously, “not that you need it. Finally—
“Hey, no.  It’s okay.”  Tony stroked his back.  “What’s going on?”
“Yeah?”
“Oh, don’t be coy,” Jerry said. “Come tell your tale!”
“I mean it!  We could break ties,” Steve went on. “Do our work on our own!  What is it they offer us anyway?”
“Should that worry me?” Pepper asked archly.
They moved seamlessly together, joining the other dancers.
At last Steve pulled away with a sheepish smile, rubbing the back of his neck.
Concubine to a great warrior of the north.
Tony was still frowning. “Might take a while.”
“But awesome.”
“Yep, later!”
Steve froze.
“I shouldn’t lose my temper.” Bruce mumbled. “I
“Please,” Tony answered, stepping into Steve’s arms.
“It’s okay not to be okay,” Tony said finally.  A pause.  “Do you wanna talk about it?”
movie.  I thought you might like to join us.  Ms. Potts, you'd be very welcome too.”
Well-fortified, it was now time to plan.
“How can you sure about that?” Steve teased. “I thought you didn’t read the reports.”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“That good, huh?” Pep asked with a smile when she saw that look.  “I’m glad.”
Clint was off on a good rant, all hyperbole and silliness, that had Bruce and Natasha chuckling, but Tony—
“Thank you, sir. And if I may, sir? Good luck!”
“Still coming in. So far Specs 33 and 89 show most promise,” Bruce answered, voice tense. “I’ve been looking at your blueprints for a reverse polarity device, but I don’t know—I’m not an engineer, Tony.”
“I know there’s nothing going on,” Steve said.  “You’re my fella and I trust you. Of course I do.  But I still felt . . .”   Steve trailed off with a melancholy shrug.
“What’s up, Cap?” Natasha asked softly.
tell them it may look worse. Like we’re not being above board. Or like we think we have something to be ashamed of—which we don’t.”
Tony pushed him down firmly and pulled up fast, watching as Steve mirrored the motion with his hand.  (Oh fuck!)
“His name was Bucky,” Steve said suddenly, half-surprising himself,  “my best friend growing up.”
She was barely 5’2, so even Tony had to lean down to hug her, but despite her small frame she somehow made him feel fully enveloped. It was a long hug: a firm squeeze with a slight side to side motion that reminded Tony of the way she’d held him after--
“You’re not even giving me a chance,” Harris said, then added in a confidential tone, “You know,
“Ok, ok,” Tony mumbled, offering loose-limbed compliance. They staggered off the couch and nearly toppled—
Tony swallowed heavily. He picked the soldering iron up again and turned back to the gauntlet.
“Oh God,” Steve gasped. His voice was rough.
“I’m sorry I got jealous.”
“—certainly wouldn’t allow TV cameras into the hospital, but—“
Tony fidgeted a little as Rhodey looked at him, expression soft as he added, “I’ve only ever wanted to see you happy, Tones. Ever since MIT.”
“Well, kinda busy,” Tony said, gesturing.
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve murmured against his lips. “It means a lot.”
b) any time
Tony blinked. Then swallowed.
(Yeah right.)
“You mean the kind that show that I knew all along, but don’t actually involve naming you explicitly?”
“Mmmm-hmm.”
So what if Steve wasn’t the kind of Dom who topped on a second date? Considering how late Tony’d sent his contract, Steve probably hadn’t even had enough time to digest it. Or make plans. But he’d seen it. He’d even accepted it—accepted
“Sudoku?” Bruce asked.
Rogers looked ravishing, but somehow wrong in a tux: beautiful, but almost too big, although it was expertly tailored. Maybe it was just his stiff discomfort ruining the look. When he caught sight of Tony, he stopped pulling at his tie and gave a nervous laugh.
Before Steve could settle on the right word, Tony jumped in, “It’s the same all over anyway.”
Rhodey laughed and shook his head. “Nah, Steve. It’s cool. A beer or two won’t do any harm. Just no benders for a while.”
(Here we go.)
“If this were a real battle,” Clint said, rolling and dodging two robots, “you’d just give the robots a virus
officially. And it wasn’t like Steve hadn’t topped him at all! (Mmmm . . . firm pressure on his wrists, thigh to thigh, tongue pressing against his . . . ) Steve had Dominated him, at least a little, so it wasn’t like Steve didn’t want him, right?
Ta-da!  Hope you like it!
“Tony? You okay?” Steve asked. “We don’t have to tell them if you don’t want.”
“It’s good to see you, Tony,” Veronica said sincerely, all the playful irony gone.
(He had to do something!  I couldn’t just let Tony--)
“Sure.”
Tony looked up. Steve was back, gesturing to the seat beside Tony on the couch.
“Welcome home,” Tony said, hopping off the couch to greet him. “How was it?”
(Here goes.)
, it’s respect and if—”
“Oh. Okay.” Steve blinked. (And maybe his ears turned slightly pink?) “I mean, uh, good.”
“What he said!” Clint added.
“—that you aren’t capable.  I’ve seen footage of Iron Man and I hope you know that I—”
“I’ll tell you what to do—you know, like one of those tv shows where a doctor walks some random dude through performing a tracheotomy.”
It was delicious, dizzying.  There wasn’t enough air.  He was moaning and whining as Steve held him up against the wall, rutting and kissing.  Steve’s tongue was rough and heavy in his mouth and Tony sucked on his tongue desperately, wanting Steve inside him every way he could have him, wanted to suck him, take him in, get fucked raw and hard.
Harris’s hand shot out, curling tight around Tony’s arm to slow him down.  Tony’s eyes blazed.
“Mr. Stark,” he said, brow pinched, “please come in.”
Tony nearly bolted off the dance floor, dragging Steve along behind him.
“Here, let me give you a hand,” Steve said smiling at them both. “How have you been, Tony? How’s school?”
Tony stepped out of the elevator and into Steve’s suite.  All the lights were off, except for the little safety lights in the hall and by the elevator—not that Steve was likely to trip in the dark and sue Stark Industries, but whatever…  Tony padded quietly down the hall to Steve’s bedroom.  Steve usually shut the door before bed, but tonight it was open.  Tony hovered in the doorway.
: I love you.
Tony turned his steps towards the elevator, but as the doors closed he hesitated. Tony bit his lip.
Steve knelt and clasped his hands, looking up at the stained glass.
And of course, Tony’s questions were the most predictable:
Tony gave a last little thrust with his hips and held Steve’s head in place, then he cried out and flooded Steve’s mouth with cum.  Steve swallowed around Tony’s dick, thrilled by it all: the hot rush of come in his mouth; the sound of Tony’s orgasm; the sight of him shivering with aftershocks.   Steve caressed his sensitized cock gently with his tongue.
“No.”
, could it?)
It was strange; she looked so familiar, like someone he had seen around his neighborhood from time to time. But he was sure he’d have noticed such a high class lady in his area, so it was probably just a passing resemblance. (Or his exhausted mind playing tricks on him.)
“Please, Prince Anthony,” he said with a smile.  “Call me Steve.”
Tony flipped his sunglasses up and grinned at the Agent on duty. (Geeze, are they recruiting kids now? He barely looks 19...)
“No,” he said, voice tight.  “Jarvis mentioned that you were here.”
Talk.” Then Rhodey added with clear exasperation, “And for God’s sake, Tony, let the man use your first name!”
America
“And I can make mine,” Bruce said calmly. He let Tony go and stepped away. “I don’t want to talk about it anymore.”
Steve closed down his computer and headed up to the kitchen.
It was Bruce, hovering in the doorway of the workshop.  Tony startled, realizing suddenly he wasn’t actually working on Dummy anymore, just sitting there petting him who was making soft whirring noises.  Tony cleared his throat.
“Come up here, sweetheart,” he said, urging Tony up into his lap, both legs off to one side. “Come on.”
“Fuck
Tony checked the wiring on his right gauntlet.
(My Da was a drunk, so bad he got the shakes. You shouldn’t—)
“Mm,” Bruce murmured. He sounded incredulous.
“Of course!” Tony cried.
Tony shook his head.  There were scrambled eggs.  And toast.  And juice.  Made by Captain America.
Tony was trying to figure out what to say other than “that’s adorable,” when Steve pulled one out of the pile.
She smiled at him and shook her head. “You keep saying that. Trust me, Tony—it’s Friday.”
“Seriously,” Tony said, tone savage, “the ‘whole Captain America thing’ and your big Domly Dom muscles are part of what slowed us down. I saw you as some macho orientationist meathead. I’d have liked Steve Rogers—5’1 and 99 pounds—Brooklyn artist or human rights lawyer or social worker just fine. Better even!”
Tony’d sent her off with a “go get ‘em, tiger!”; she’d given him her best shark grin then strode away in her most Mistress boots and Commander suit.  (Seriously, it had military style lapels; Tony loved that thing…)*
“Penthouse please, JARVIS,” Ms. Potts requested.
Tony blinked. He’d gotten plenty of red roses—no need to look that up, romantic love & passion, not that many of them had meant it—but never yellow roses. Friendship. Paired with red roses? Tony swallowed thickly.  It left him feeling more flustered than it should have.
Okay—52 Hz. That’s better, but now there was a lag on the--
(Sheesh. Come on, sentences, Rogers.)
“Let’s get outta here,” Tony said. It was cold out—too cold to stay outside long without their coats—but it would guarantee them privacy, at least for a while. Tony reached for the doorknob.
Another pause.  “I may have pointed out that there was no morality clause in
Steve raised his glass. “To friends.”
Tony shrugged. “Yeah. Surprised you can tell, actually. This isn’t packing the full guns, but it doesn’t require a landing strip.” Tony put on his sunglasses. “Of course,” he added, “I could just step out of the suit and leave it standing in lock-down if necessary, but I really don’t trust SHIELD around my suit unattended. No offense, Agents.”
“Tony? Are you—uh, may I come in?”
(Almost ashamed.)
The stops and starts were glorious and maddening all at once; Tony wanted him to lose control, to use Tony for his pleasure and let go. (Soon. Next time?)
Slow writer is slow.  Oh so very slooooooooooooooow.  My RL workload has been insane I'm afraid...
Rogers grinned. “I’d be disappointed if you didn’t. Tony.”
: nervous.
Tony continued,   “Seriously, I didn’t like spending energy on those problems the first time around—would hate for them to eat up any more time.”
The End.
“It’s beautiful,” Rogers said, looking around the living room.  Light flooded in through floor to ceiling windows that offered an impressive view of the Brooklyn Bridge.
(See the end of the chapter for
I have such high hopes for the Thanksgiving chapter, but it's proving particularly hard to write.  Add in that the next six weeks are going to be some of the busiest, most important, and most stressful in my career, and I'm feeling a little low, anxious, and very busy.  So, uh, any extra cheer-leading you want to send my way, here or on tumblr, would be extra extra appreciated.  (And please don't worry--this story won't be abandoned.  I have the bulk of it plotted and a good bit drafted already...)
(“I will cry if you let that gorgeous hard-on languish.”)
It took them a while to find their stride, because when they were both preoccupied with the Avengers and SHIELD and work it was hard get out of that little bubble.  But a few sweet questions about MIT from Steve and Tony was off and running; a little gentle inquiry about Steve’s cooking lessons in Home Ec, and SHIELD faded from their minds.  They reveled in the food, trading bites across the table, and sometimes fell into comfortable silence.  Tony slipped his left foot out of his boot and caressed Steve’s ankles under the table with his foot; it made Steve lose his train of thought with a smile.  (And, sure, when he’d been younger, Tony’d would have been aiming a bit higher, but he knew better now…)
“And either way, he doesn’t speak for me.”  Tony wouldn’t look up.  Bruce sighed, “Tony, I’d never forgive myself if I hurt you.  I just want to be sure you get to the armor.”
“Sorry,” Tony said, a little embarrassed.
“I didn’t mean to interrupt you,” Steve said, his smile falling a little.
“Maybe.” He paused. “Maybe if it went
He turned his attention suddenly back to the stove where the pancakes were getting a little scorched. While Steve hastily removed them from the griddle, Tony poured himself coffee and reassured Steve that “Clint actually likes the burnt ones.”
(A private room? Three Michelin stars?) Tony shook his head. (What was he thinking?)
Steve worried his lower lip and continued leafing back through the book.  (Doesn’t that take an awful lot of concentration?  Can Tony focus on all that and still enjoy himself?)
expected him to deflate and sink heavily into a dinning room chair. Steve turned away and stared blankly ahead for a moment, then said softly, “I just . . . I keep seeing those aliens pouring out of the portal, and all those people who--” He closed his eyes.
Tony’s landing and entrance went smoothly and spider free—a faint glimmer of luck in the shit storm.
to go with--)
“Steve?” Tony called softly. Steve turned and smiled at him, but in the dim light Tony couldn’t tell if it looked happy or sad. Steve was wearing a white dress shirt with a dark suit and tie.
“Yes, that’s right.”
Tony nodded. Totally irrationally, his heart started pounding again.
Tony paused.  “Hey, JARVIS?”
“Do you require assistance, sir? Shall I summon Mrs. Rhodes?”
It made Tony feel helpless and he hated that.
(See the end of the chapter for
“So,” Tony said with a long stretch, “what’s on for today?”
(Ah! His daughter. Somehow, Tony had assumed she’d be another towering Domme . . .) Tony looked at them, father and daughter, Dom and sub and felt a certain pleasure that Tyrone had introduced her as
“I see,” Harry said, disappointment ill-concealed. His attempt at a smile looked forced, but well-meaning.
“Vanish,” Clint finished as the portal did exactly that.
“Yes.”
&&&&&&
Work remains busy and we're now in the part of the story I had only very very loosely plotted when I began this so long ago.  As a result, chapters may be even slower than before, but I'll let you know on tumblr when it's taking over a month to write.
“Well,” Rhodey said, drawing the word out long and slow, a smile breaking over his face, “there might be a certain smart and talented submissive who I’ve been corresponding with.”
“Did you really--? Did you just pull a Bones?” Bruce asked, starting to laugh a little harder.
“Right. Okay. Well, I’d better leave you to it.”
“Knock, knock?” a voice called from just outside the workshop.  Tony pulled the hoodie’s sleeves down over his wrists as he turned.
“Tony, you were
Rogers blinked, looking surprised by the question. As he considered it, he seemed a little amused and then more than a little wistful. He looked away.
should come try on your beautiful new suit. Behold!”
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
Then after a moment’s silence, Jackie asked brightly, “So, honey, you sure you’re still not interested in anal bleaching?”
instead of tragically self-sacrificing.”
“And let’s do our best to accelerate the new training planned at the ranch,” Cap added. Everyone nodded—even Bruce, though he looked pretty miserable about it.
(Huh. Not the movie I’d have expected Natasha to pick . . .) Tony shrugged again.
“Get Pep on the line, J.”
“Yeah,” Steve said. “Only seems fair.”
“I’m good,” Tony repeated, smoothing out the suit, then asking (suddenly remembering his manners), “How are you?”
, two, three.”
“You were saying?” Tony asked sweetly.
Then, (thank you, thank you . . . ) Tony was entering Steve harder and faster.  (Oh fuck!  Please, please, please . . .)
Tony took the opportunity to corner Agent Romanov.  Of course, he probably hadn’t
“Most important of all,” Steve murmured, “you’re a good man. I love you, Tony Stark.”
“I’ll consider it.” Rhodey said it deadpan, but the words were followed by the slightest little smile.
“Mr. Stark,” Katie Winters began briskly, “you know it’s much easier for Michael and me to do our job when you return our phone calls. Or emails.”
“Sorry?”
“Obi-Wan,” Rogers said, then hesitated a moment, “I was . . . really, uh, sorry . . . that he died.”  Rogers seemed lost in thought for a moment then pulled himself back to the present.  “Who’s your favorite?”
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“The truth. I’m trying to help.”
They’d had a surprisingly long, surprisingly pleasant chat about Tony’s art that morphed into a conversation about art in general--drinking their coffee, nibbling on breakfast, and trading lots of little kisses. (And Tony was
“Of course. They’re lovely,” Tony said, stepping forward to take them. “Thank you.”
“Yes, well, I’m sure Briana will have no trouble at Yale,” Tony said, eager to get away from the Fitzpatricks. “Won’t you please excuse me—I see an old friend and simply must say hello.”
celebrate his accomplishments in clean energy with his best friend (hush, Rhodey—you’re my best friend too…), when Agent showed up to interrupt.
, two, three;
(Okay, Tony.  Here goes.)
“Third niece is on the way!”
“Lovely,” Pepper said. “Mrs. Rodriguez sends her regards. And thanks for the VAA donation.”
“Shit, man,” Rhodey said, shifting awkwardly.
Tony sighed. (Well, he and the workshop had had a good run.)
“We’ll stagger the press releases,” Carmichael said decisively. “Three months after Captain America goes public and introduces The Avengers Initiative--once Mr. Stark’s probation is up, of course--we’ll bring on Iron Man.”
, come quick, Tony ordered another pizza and came up to the common room.  Rogers actually
Bruce laid a hand on his stomach. “I don’t think I could eat another bite. Unless I’m willing to miss out on the
Steve bit his lip.  “Um, before,” Steve started haltingly, “in bed, the first time, when I tried to, uh, go further . . .”-- he fumbled-- “. . . it made me choke.  I-- I gagged.  It just—“  Steve frowned, then took a deep breath.
end of the ballroom, to be photographed between
(You’re dating someone who calls you ‘sweetheart’ and actually goes to Church.)
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
“Oh please,” Tony said with a little huff. He grabbed a plate and turned to the counter. “You brave enough to eat food I’ve
“Hey, man! Welcome back,” Clint said, thumping him on the back. “I can’t believe you missed our sparing match to frolic in the California sun with Pepper.”
Tony joined Bruce at one of the consoles to see what they’d sent over.
“Done!” He handed Steve half a sandwich. “Now come on! You’re gonna love my new robots.”
(It’s tempting, so very tempting--)
lose my temper.”
“Tony.”
(Show time.)
“They were still people!” Steve said, sounding angry. His body went tense. “Even SS Officers, even those horrible men running the Hydra camps.” He took a deep breath and looked away. “But those aren’t the only people I killed.”
(The Pierre was a long time ago.)
“Yes, I can.”
Bruce squinted at the screen through his reading glasses, shaking his head. “The photons . . .”
From the far side of the penthouse, Steve heard the elevator and then familiar footsteps in the hallway, Tony’s easy gait.  He wanted to turn around, but Tony had told him to kneel and not move, so he didn’t turn as Tony drew closer.
Steve smiled at him, suddenly at a loss for words. He wanted to ask Rhodey
Tony heard the elevator approaching. He glanced at the clock—noon. Maybe it was Steve! Maybe he was bringing lunch! (Maybe he’d be up for a bit of fun?)
“May the gods of your people bless this union with joy!” Thor cried, leaping up and pulling Steve from his chair to lift them both in one of his crushing hugs.
Tony sidled a little closer. Steve’s fists were clenched. Tony started to lay a hand on his arm, then thought better of it. He wanted to ask, “Are you okay?” or maybe “Do you want to talk about it?” but they both sounded so stupid that Tony just stood there, hands hanging awkwardly at his sides.
“Look, would you sit down?  Just for a minute?”  He paused.  “I really am sorry, you know.”
Inside, there was a cheap plastic photo frame—the kind designed for collages and that always came with a generic sample page full of weddings, and children, and anniversaries. This frame was filled with photos taken at the Tower: Pepper and Tony lounging on the couch at Thanksgiving; Rhodey and Tony laughing and peeling potatoes; Mrs. Rhodes and Steve examining the turkey; Natasha knitting on the couch next to Bruce reading a book; Bruce and Tony looking at schematics at the kitchen counter; Steve and Tony smiling and hanging Christmas tree ornaments side by side. There was even a little picture of Dummy in his Santa’s hat.
“Did we--” Bruce frowned, stepping into the boots she handed him. “Were we playing catch?”
Rosie had greying curly hair, dark skin, hoop earrings and a friendly yet unimpressed manner that brought Mrs. Rhodes to mind (though they shared only the most superficial of physical resemblances).
The nervous little knot in Tony’s stomach that had been slowly unwinding all afternoon finally came untied.
Hulk tried to give him the ball.
“All right.”  Bruce took a long shuddering breath.  “Yeah.  If anybody is going to stop him from hurting people, it would be the four of you.  I’m just—all of you could get hurt in the process.”
Bruce came closer to whisper, “Is he okay?”
“Oh.  Right.”  Tony swallowed.  He glanced over at Pep—all curiosity, concern, and affection—then turned away.  “Well, I needed to talk to Steve about something important, really
Rhodey smiled and chucked as Tony gave a humorously overblown account of their battle worthy of Thor at his most rhapsodic. And as Tony spoke, Steve let his hand creep across the couch cushion, millimeter by millimeter. He caressed Tony's hand tentatively with his fingers, unsure. Tony slid his hand over Steve's and laced their fingers together. Steve's heart pounded, but giddy not distressed.
(It’s easy to beg for the little things, the specifics—pin me down, take my ass, fuck my mouth—but so much harder to really ask for—)
“I—“ Steve hesitated and Tony couldn’t tell if his expression were embarrassed or guilty, but after a few moments he sank back down to the couch.
(Yeah, okay.  More blushing.  Shit.)
“Send him up, J.”
Tony’d eaten his food too fast and wanted to go back down to the lab, but couldn’t seem to make himself leave while everyone else was eating. He tried to tune it all out, run some calculations in  his head, but all the politeness and distance, the china and the glasses, were getting under his skin.  Finally he couldn’t hold it in any longer—
With a light pressure at Rogers’ elbow, he moved them forward to the little gathered crowd. “Sorry,” Tony told them with an apologetic smile, his tone subtly confidential, “we’re still all readjusting; nerves are still a bit on battle alert.” Tony pinched Rogers arm and he nodded along, then Tony steered them away, schmoozing as they went:
Rogers gaped at him, wide-eyed and hurt.  “I can’t believe you thought I was . . .was saying you’re not worth anything except for. . . except--”  He waved a hand for emphasis; Rogers couldn’t even bring himself to say it.  He was breathing a little too fast and his hand on the table had clenched into a fist.
“So,” Tony said in a low, seductive voice, stroking his hand down to Steve’s groin. “What are we going to do about this, hm?”
Tony skimmed the article, looking for his name and bracing for the worst.
“It’s fantastic. And you got the fabric so light! Clint’ll be thrilled.”
Tony blinked up at him and Jackie started to laugh.
Things were bad. Really quite bad.
“It’s not a terrible idea, you know,” Tony admitted, even as his gut churned uneasily.
Steve’s expression was wistful.
“Love you,” Tony mumbled, making grabby hands for the coffee which Steve handed over with a kiss.
want to talk about this!)
Tony stroked Steve’s hand in silence. Tony rummaged at the back of his brain for the advice and the phrases he’d read long ago in pamphlets and help-books with hokey titles like “Helping Heal / Healing Help: PTSD and Your Loved One.” He’d never known when to listen or when to talk, but until he actually knew what to say, he’d stroke Steve’s hand and wait.
“Do you think that’s their language?” someone asked on the comm.
“So,” Clint said, toweling sweat from his hair, “on a scale of 1-10, how gross would it be for me to go up and devour some sandwiches
“Matter? Nothing,” Tony snapped.
She glared.  “ ‘Beer’ is not a verb, Clint,” she said, but grabbed two from the fridge all the same.
“Look at me, baby,” Tony ordered, voice quiet.  Steve tipped his head back to meet Tony’s eyes.  “Beautiful,” Tony murmured.
A text from Steve lit up his phone. Tony looked at it surreptitiously.
She rolled her eyes again.
“Yeah,” Tony scowled. “It’s like this thing’s not even breaking the wave-particle duality anymore.”
He could hold his own, but there was no sense pretending he was on her level.  Nat was a demon hand-to-hand.
Bruce sat down next to him, steam rising thickly from his bowl.
Deep breath.  In.  Out.
“No. Whatever it is, no.”
It was good. Working with Bruce was good. At least, it was after he let Tony name the project ‘Operation Security Blanket’ and swore a few more times that he hoped they wouldn’t need it and had (at least some) faith in The Actual Plan.
“Yeah.”  Tony swallowed thickly and nodded.  “He is.  And he’s . . . He’s so fucking brave, Rhodey.”  Tony spoke softly, almost surprised to hear the words coming out, but needing Rhodey to understand why he didn’t need to worry, not about Tony.    “Steve came to me.  I’d sort of wondered for a while, with the way he looked at me and sought me out, but I thought I was probably reading it wrong or he didn’t realize—wasn’t aware of the
Rogers nodded and took a seat in the armchair across from Tony. He perched awkwardly on the edge of the seat, elbows on his knees, leaning forward. He cupped his scotch in both hands, expression intent. Tony sighed.
Tony shrugged.  “I pay people for that.”
UPDATE:  My tumblr bit the dust when Staff Thanos struck.  (Or at least is in limbo with no sign of changing...)  So I made a new one.  Now you can find me here: https://www.tumblr.com/blog/ms-meredith-milton-censored
“Tony?” Steve asked sleepily.  “Aren’t you gonna--?”
And they had another tomorrow night.
“Uh,” Rogers said, rubbing his neck awkwardly, “I guess, you don’t really go to Mass.”
(Oh!)
Pepper rolled her eyes, then conceded, “I do love Wonder Woman.”
Tony was feeling more and more like Sisyphus.   But Sisyphus with a deadline—they’d be leaving for his ranch soon and would need time for manufacturing before they could go.
Thanksgiving was gonna be good. (For once.)
people talking over dialogue.)
“Do you want to talk about it?” Tony asked quietly.
“Give me the Bob readings and hypothetical 41, would ya? I’ve got a while before sparing.”
----------------------------
the same as sleep.)
(Oh god.  Fuck! Fuck!)  Steve reached for his erection.  Tony yanked him back hard.  His mouth left Tony’s cock with a wet ‘pop.’
Tony nodded, already trying to guess how long he’d be kept out of the suit and whether there were any sort of tech he could invent to locate the aliens more efficiently.
Steve gave a hesitant nod and Tony hurried off before Steve could explicitly change his mind.
“Yeah. Everything’s great.”
“But you hate it,” Tony speculated.
“Well, I’ll drink to that!” Pepper said raising her glass.
First Tony put on his favorite charcoal suit and a burgundy tie, then decided it was too much and changed into his favorite black slacks and a burgundy dress shirt. Then decided it was too casual and changed back into the suit. He wanted to change again, but he wasn’t fucking fifteen anymore so he refused to give in.
(Seriously?  I’m giving a talk about clear communication in a relationship?  Ha!  I think Pepper might die laughing, not that I’d tell her and— Okay, let’s just stop there, hm?)
“I need a drink.”
“Pep, my love!  Tell me that R&D hasn’t fucked up my designs.”
Natasha nodded and took a place in the armchair near Bruce, who was fiddling with the remotes and talking to Clint. Rhodey grabbed a beer and sat next to Bruce. Tony bent down to look under the counter for more of that Belgian ale Pepper’d brought him; he’d better put them in the fridge now if he wanted to have one later while--
Tony threw his head wildly from side to side, frustrated tears pooling in his eyes.
“Look at you,” Steve said, looking Tony up and down, admiring his handiwork.
“It won’t,” Jackie said, then added, “I thought you knew you could trust me.”
“My hero,” Tony joked, leaning against him a little. Clint relaxed a slightly more.
Tony startled and Steve jerked back suddenly, glancing around.
“Great,” Tony said, setting the damaged StarkTab aside. “So let’s go not sleep together. I’m thinking
Steve continued, words halting forth, like they were being squeezed out of him somehow.
, Tony.” Steve glanced at the bike, then back to Tony and licked his lips. “She’s beautiful.”
He should have known it wouldn’t last.
(Better to talk than email.)
“Grabbing me?  Without my permission?” Tony hissed.  “That’s not very
Tony shook his head, trying to catch his breath. “Not tired,” he insisted.
“Sorry! Really!”
(Yeah, I’m fine.)
“Tony, it’s six forty-five.”
“Safeword,” Tony answered. “Red, yellow, green.”
Tony took a long sip of coffee and leaned against the counter, watching Steve fuss over his breakfast.
Steve took an equally hasty step back.
With that Natasha gracefully took her exit, teacup and saucer in hand.
“—with Nat and really ought to see about a group session with Cap--”
The silence stretched out and Tony just knew he was blushing, but couldn’t be bothered to care.
Tony rolled his eyes and claimed his usual spot on the couch, wriggling a little closer to Bruce than usual.  (See?  We’re cool!)
(And he thought he’d been so efficient, finishing everyone’s suits in . . . however long he thought it had been. Well, fuck.)
Rhodey sighed. “Miranda. She was supposed to be here, but she bailed at the last minute.”
(Shit.)
The silence lingered. Tony finished his scotch and cleared his throat.
As they emerged from the limousine, Tony braced himself for the press and photographers and the inevitable, “How does it feel to be back at the Pierre?”
Rogers frowned.  “But, if you’re in the armor, won’t we all be?”
“Thanks for coming,” Steve began awkwardly.  “It isn’t mission related.  I just, there’s something I need to tell you all.”  His voice sounded calm, but he was pretty sure his smile looked strained.  Natasha and Clint were eerily poker-faced, Thor openly curious, and Bruce was smiling.  (Huh?)  They sat in a row on Tony’s absurdly long couch looking up while Steve hovered.  He forced himself to sit down in an armchair across.
Tony let out a long, shaky breath.  (Shit.  The Pierre.)
Bruce turned and looked away, head bowed.
He really wasn’t hiding.
Tony gave a hesitant little nod and swung his leg over the bike; he reached back for the rear brace before remembering (duh, stupid) this model didn’t have one.
Apparently, everything Steve had been thinking was on clear display.
The castle itself seemed small, but it was hard to get a clear sense.  The guards led them down a long corridor and paused by a large double door.
my ass.  He'd probably just been trying to make friends with Agent Dickface and Co. by out Dom-ing Master Marcus to win that fucking bet.
Romanov continued.  “It gave me access, access I needed to study you, to try and help you.  I did get to know you on assignment and, though I doubt you’ll believe me, I did likeyou.”  She continued softly, “You’re kinder than you let on.  More generous-- and not just with your money. Mentoring fellow submissives in Dominated fields is something to be proud of.”
had stuff to work on.  Most importantly, there was his suit and all the upgrades and maintenance for the Avenger’s gear.  There were the few contracts he’d still take from the government—emergency evacuation vehicles and things like that. And then R&D at Stark Industries could use always his help, even outside a crisis.
Steve’s eyes went wide, then he looked down and mumbled, “Don’t be ridiculous, Clint,” while Tony just rolled his eyes again and said, “I’ve been in the lab.  Bla bla Stark Industries bla bla.”
“Film after?” Natasha asked.
“I want to suck your cock . . . want you to fuck my face until you come and make me swallow it all. Tony, I—”  He’d run out of words.  “Tony, please?”
He leaned up for a kiss and asked throatily, “How long until dinner, did you say?
Tony’s hand twitched for his phone, but no. Pepper was busy and, anyway, for now it was just a date.
“Very sure,” Tony said emphatically, and scooted a little closer.
“Oh, uh, nothing like that,” Steve said peering at Tony from around the screen. “Just it’s, well, it’s awful
Momentarily disappointed but unwilling to pressure Steve, Tony stretched out across the couch, head pillowed on Steve’s chest.
“It’s nice to see you,” Tony said.  “You look fantastic.”
“You can get the other one if you like,” she said and started for the elevator.
It felt good, so good to be on his knees for Steve, to show affection
“-- it’s better than the alternative?” Tony cut in. Tony shook his head and set the tablet aside. “I’m a busy guy. I don’t have time to get in a froth and kill punching bags every time some idiot is an orientationist, sexist, racist douchebag on the internet. I’d never do anything else.” Tony shrugged, then asked, “Why were you even
“And I said I’d be there,” Tony said, beckoning for Dummy. “The whole team is going.”
“I’m so afraid of messing things up with you. That I’ll ruin this,” he confessed.
Steve smiled against Tony’s chest.
Tony hovered. “So, hey, uh, you waiting for the bus?”
“No.  I’m telling you:
“Thank you for a wonderful evening,” Steve said again, still smiling.
Hope you liked it!  And much much gratitude to everyone who has left me comments and love.  If you're wondering, there's a little update about RL here: http://ms-meredith-milton.tumblr.com/post/119578102236/merediths-rl-update
“Yes, Captain. It should be ready shortly.”
“Are you okay?” Tony asked eventually.
(And, seriously, that guy should
