Tony stared. He… he had expected them to tell him what a bad idea it was. But he wasn't expecting this. Never this… never them actually telling him to
Suddenly, Francis was over him, grabbing him by the back of the shirt before tossing him aside. Peter did his best to roll into the landing, but as much as he had tried, his hands were still a little cut up. He landed with a thud, and only for the helicarrier to suddenly start to tilt. His spider powers let him stick to the floor, but he had to let go to jump out of the way before a rolling container could hit him.
“Friday!” Peter squaked, trying to push the bowl off his hand with the back of his knuckles, only for it to momentarily stick there before it to drop into the sink. “Friday, scan!”
Tony stared, unsure that what just happened even happened. He turned to sit back in his chair, hand reaching for his phone to tell Peter, but then stopped. No… He couldn't tell Peter. Not yet. It was… it was a mistake. This date. It had to be… a ‘thank you friend’ date or something. He'd get another date before he said anything. Didn't want to get Peter's hopes up for nothing.
"Oh," she said, eyes darting up from where she'd been staring down at a computer from behind a cluttered desk, hands still typing away. "You're here already?"
"Captain Rogers," Mary Jane panted as she came to a stop in front of him, Ned right behind her. Both of them looked battered, dirt covering their hands and clothes, and they were both carrying backpacks that made it look like they'd run right from school. "Oh, thank god you're back!"
But when they reached the gym, they were assigned groups. Groups of friends were broken apart, mixed with other groups and with people they maybe knew, or maybe didn't. The crowd around Peter slowly shrank, until it was only Peter and three other kids, one of which looked oddly… familiar.
needed his help! Was it because of what had happened that morning? Had Spiderman seen the news and decided he shouldn’t help Wade?
Once Weasel was seated, Wade went on to explain what happened. He’d called up Smith, and gotten taken to a place called the Workshop, when Francis injected him with some liquid and then tortured him for apparently months. Then, when that didn’t work and Wade got a little to cheeky, Francis put him in a shit box until he mutated. Good news was, he wasn’t dying of… well, anything, now. Bad news, his face was fucked up to hell.
And, Tony’s only thought was that Yensin was right. His only thought was that he had to get back to Peter. He had to correct his mistakes. God, he had to correct his
He was a little round, but he seemed like the over excited sort, though he looked a bit nervous. “Uh… Nitrogen, Europium, D?”
“Do you guys need the Soldier?” Bucky asked, still hidden away in the jet. Sure, the Winter Soldier was pretty stable, but if Strucker knew how to somehow backtrack all the work Tony had done to help him, then it would have been, well, bad. “I can be there in five.”
Before anyone could move, Wade held the Stone up in the air. A pulse of light shot out, and when the light dimmed enough for Tony to see, Wade was gone.
“I’ll stay here with the trainee’s,” Coulson said, turning to the four civillians he and Clint had brought. “They’re skilled in their own ways, but they aren’t ready for something like this. We’ll stay here and keep the city under control. Keep an eye on Stark.”
Wade went to go get the box, setting up the grid to play. It was the most boring game he had ever played, since Al kinda sucked at it. He was mostly just waiting for his hand to power through puberty so he could get back to work. It took until the afternoon, and as Wade studied his new hand, just as scared as before, his phone rang. Looking at the ID, Wade frowned to find that it was Weasel.
Tony moved on auto pilot. First pulling a pair of frozen round waffles out of the freezer, then putting them in the toaster, before finally pouring himself a cup of coffee. He drank it in one go before pouring another, Peter’s waffles popping up. Tony put them on a plate, poured a bit of syrup on them, then handed the plate to Peter, who ate and made a mess.
“So before I go, I just wanted to tell you, I could have never asked for a better secretary, CEO, or friend. You were my back bone for so many years, my number one support. If not for you, I would have probably died tragically years ago. So, I hope you can find it in your heart to forgive me, someday.”
“Oh, I’m Deadpool,” the guy, Deadpool, said with a grin. “But a lot of people call me the Merc with the Mouth.”
coming through it. Wade wasted no time, drawing his gun and moving into the doorway. His gun came up, pointed straight at the woman's forehead.
“Excuse me,” he said, though he made sure to sound pretty chipper. “But I don’t think you’re weapons are very concealed.”
“There is nothing except this,” Tony snapped. “There’s no art opening. There is no benefit. There is nothing to sign. There is the next mission, and nothing else.”
“Sorry Cap,” Wade giggled, and fuck! Steve forgot that the guy had already snapped! “But Wolfy seems to be trying to get me to go with you guys. And, well, I don’t really trust her right now. So, have fun with New York! Lets hope she didn’t do anything horrible to Johnny and Susie!”
Weasel quickly got up, following Wade as he ran from the food court, and into the back alley. No one was there, but Wade found Peter’s backpack, his old skateboard sticking out the top.
“Guys,” Steve called over comms, “I got Strucker, but there’s a second enhanced. Female. Do not engage.”
“No fighting, Tony groaned, still holding a wriggling Peter and very much wanting coffee. “If you two are gonna fight, do it where I can’t hear you.”
“This little guy,” Tony said as he ruffled Peter’s hair. “This little guy is not, in fact, Pepper’s distant nephew she’s raising. No, he’s her nephew, just not by blood. Everyone, this is Peter Parker Stark. My son. And before you start shouting for answers, please keep in mind that Peter isn’t used to loud groups and so many people watching him like I am.
“Tony,” she was scolding as she came in. “What the hell is going on? Your team has been saying you won't let them in and-” It was then that she noticed his sheet white face, his heaving chest, and the pile of bloodied flowers Dum-E was sweeping away. “Oh god…”
Peter gaped, staring wide eyed at the ceiling, simply in shock. He'd been out for three days? How? Why? Was it… was it the spider bite? But then, why hadn't Friday activated an emergency protocol?
Though he still looked confused, Steve went off to the bathroom, and Tony turned helplessly to Pepper and Rhodey. They looked tired and like they very much wanted to throttle him.
“I did,” Tony said, though his confusion made it sound more like a question. “I mean, you're all here. At the same time.”
Just as Steve had thought, Tony hadn’t added any of those that took his side in their civil war, such a silly argument now that he thought about it. None of Natasha’s codes worked, and since Thor and Bruce had been gone so long, their codes didn’t work either. It was likely that nothing would change until Rhodes returned from Wakanda.
In an instant, Weasel froze. Wade watched as he blinked, turning with wide eyed. He set down his drink mixer, coming out from behind the bar as he looked to where Wade was hiding in the shadows.
“You were droning on,” Wade defended, tossing the empty gun to one side. “I may look like swiss cheese, but at least numbnuts isn’t gonna heal from that. Besides, if being a hero means sparing the psychopath that put Peter in a death box, then maybe I don’t want to be one!” He paused, and took a deep breath. “But I’ll be on the lookout for the next four moments. Now, if you’ll grant it, I’m just a boy, about to stand in front of another boy, and tell him…
“What happened?” he asked, moving to rub at the banagages around his torso. They were starting to itch… “Why am I here? You know how much I hate hospitals.”
His teammate came down slowly, his face already contorted with worry, and turned into absolute horror when he saw Tony. Tony closed his eye, trying to think of what to say. He couldn’t tell Steve about how he felt. Not right before he died. And he couldn’t tell Steve how much he really meant to him.
With that, after bragging and saying words that Tony couldn’t understand in his haze of hate, betrayal, and fear, Stane left, the arc reactor in hand. Once he was gone, Tony worked his hardest to get to the elevator. He managed to get inside, stumble his way into the lab. Jarvis nor Friday said anything, the network had to be down. He couldn’t say anything, couldn’t call to Peter for help, and crawled his way across the lab floor.
“This isn’t my first rodeo, Mr. Stark,” Coulson said simply, turning to leave. “Just stick to the official statement, and soon, this will all be behind you. You’ve got 90 seconds.”
Wade scowled down at his clothes. He hated wearing suits. Really, he did. They made him feel like one of those cheap criminals that think they’re so badass in spy movies. But this was for Peter, so he would fucking deal with it.
Tony was kind of… lonely with Peter gone. Sure, he had Steve, who was sharing his room, and Bruce and Jane who he talked science with, but they weren't Peter.
Hey everyone! I'm so happy and sad to see this fic come to an end. It's been an amazing journey, over two years, of working on this. And I loved every minute of it! I loved every comment, good and bad, about my work and progress, and I'm really happy with how this turned out. Well, maybe not the ending. I always seem to drop the ball on endings.
“You’re right,” Tony told him, turning around only for Steve to pull him into a hot kiss. When they parted, Tony was actually a little winded, breathing a little heavily. He was just glad that they were the only ones up on the balcony, and sure the others could see them, but they weren’t creeps that would gauk at them. “What’s up with you today? Being all sexy. That’s not usually you’re thing.”
Tony swallowed, clearing his throat to keep his composure. God, Steve was going to be the death of him. “Can I fix it? I can make it leaps and bounds better then it is, make this thing look like two sticks put together. Hell, I'm probably gonna scrap this one and make him a brand new one! I should go to that.”
“Same drill,” Tony said simple. “They’ve been dealing under the table, and I’m going to stop them. I’m going to find my weapons and destroy them.”
Peter jumped, eyes wide as he covered his mouth with one hand to keep from making any noise. Bucky wanted to… leave? Leave what? The team? The Tower? The country? Why?
He scowled, doing his best to keep from snapping with Johnny on his lap. "I told you Wilson was crazy. He may never come back."
His pops seemed to give him the same thing every year, which was a carefully detailed painting of the team. It had everyone, there or not. It had all the actual members, like Captain America and Iron Man, Thor and Hulk… But it also had the honorary team, like Jane and Darcy, with Peter in the center. It was a painting that grew every year, with more and more people added to the family. Because that’s what it was. A painting of Peter’s family.
Wade just smiled, burying his face in the fluff of the shorter man's hair. "I'm just… God, I'm just so glad you're back."
Still, Peter lifted his camera to take a picture of the things in the room. He didn’t feel the bug on his hand at first, but soon felt it crawling around his hand. Slowly, Peter lowed the camera to look at it, and blinked in surprise. He’d never seen a spider like this before…
One of the first things he did was rewrite his will. The Avengers would get half his fortune, and the deed to the Tower, meaning the tourist attractions on the lower floors would continue making money. That, in connection with the money he would leave them, should leave the team feeling safe and comfortable for at least another decade or two. Maybe three if they were frugal with the spending. He also left them Jarvis, who he would have to upgrade one last time and rewrite some protocols before he kicked the bucket.
“Friday,” he said as he moved towards the door. “If I’m not back before Peter wakes up, tell him not to worry and go eat breakfast without me. I’ll be back later.”
When he got the chance, he took it. He reached out, his fingers reaching and brushing the stone with surprising ease, as he got the step up that they needed.
When Steve, Sam, and Bucky arrived at the tower, Tony was ready. What he wasn't ready for was Thor showing up with Jane Foster and Darcy Lewis, or Natasha appearing with Clint and Coulson, or, hell! He knew Bruce was actually in the Tower, but Tony still wasn't prepared to see him.
So they had no way of knowing how Tony and Peter were doing. It was… disappointing, but Steve could handle that. Tony was a smart man. He could take care of himself, and would surely take care of Peter. The two could be fine. But there was someone else, two someone's, who couldn't take care of themselves or each other.
Tony screeched, gasping in pain, as Pepper appolicized. Slowly, the wire came out more and more, and Tony began to warn her about the magnet. Just as he said it, she pulled it out, surprising him. Pepper moved to put it back in, but he reflected her.
“I can’t see any scenario where Peter wouldn’t take you ba-” Wade stepped out of the shadows, pulling his hood down only for Weasel to make a gagging sound. “Oh shit. You are… haunting. You look like an avocado had a baby with an older, wrinklier avocado… We might have to move our relationship to text and phone only.”
“This is Bob,” Wade snickered. “Guy owes me big time for helping him escape the feds, so I figured you could use an extra set of hands. Teach him to mix drinks and stuff.”
“I'm fine now,” Peter said, maybe a little to quickly. “But what do you mean your busy? I mean, you normally are, but what makes this week so bad?”
They moved to the car, Tony carrying Peter with him. God, he felt so heavy. Was Peter supposed to be that heavy, or was it just because he was five? He’d ask Friday about it later.
Before he could turn, there was the loud roar of the suits repulsors. A heavy weight pressed into his back throwing him forward, into the dirt. There was a sick, wet slicing sound, and Steve scrambled to stand up. He turned, eyes wide, in absolute horror.
He was in a hospital room, a monitor beeping next to his bed as he looked around. He didn’t know why he was here, and he felt like he was forgetting something. There were cards beside his bed, opened to stand neatly. Beneath the blanket, he could see his entire chest covered in bandages. Off to the side, Pepper sat in a chair, lightly dozing.
It was then that the boy turned and ran off. Steve, still with questions, took off to chase after him. He needed to ask when he was, if he could find Tony and Peter. He followed the boy, trying his best to catch up to the kid. When the kid jumped a fence, Steve jumped after him, running through a cemetery. He saw the boy slide to a stop beside an old man in a wheelchair, an oxygen tank on the back. Steve slowed, stopping to stare as the boy grabbed the back of the chair.
Well, that wasn’t exactly true. The first thing he did was panic. After all, he just watched his best and oldest friend disintegrate, and it left his wondering just who else fell victim to Thanos’ snap. Could Tony have fallen? Peter? Or were the two already dead, killed when Thanos went after the Time Stone held by Doctor Strange? Were Susan and Johnny okay? Was his family gone?
"You lied to me!" Wade bellowed to the sky. "You bitch! You lied to me, you stupid wolf! You said no one else had to die!"
“You know you can tell me anything,” Steve said, reaching out to cup Tony’s cheek, lifting his face to look at him. “What’s wrong?”
Growing more and more frustrated, Steve tried every override he could think of. Captain Handsome rock and roll on the 85, his wedding vows, the names and birth dates of all his and Tony’s kids. Hell, he even pulled out his trump card and sang the entirety of Man With A Plan from his USO days. He was always met with the same response.
His first task was finding out what day it was. Peter liked routines, did the same things every week, with a few special things thrown in. When he found a paper, after making his way back into the more populated part of New York, Wade was shocked to find that almost three months had gone by. It was late September already. Peter would be back in school. Which meant, after a glance at a store clock, Wade knew exactly where Peter was, and where he would be, for the next hour.
"He'll be fine," Bruce assured, holding something on Tony's chest. "All his internal organs are intact. It went through cleaning, by some miracle."
“No. Well, sorta. I mean, If he was here, then I would talk to him, but he's not and I can't talk to Steve about it, and I'd feel awkward talking to Pepper about this, so-”
The first time it happened, he was sitting in his workshop, taking a break and checking on how everyone was doing in the tower. He'd seen Natasha and Clint in the gym, and then Bruce in his lab, and Thor off on Asgard. Steve, on the hand, was on the roof, lounging in a chair and drawing in a book. The camera was at just the right angle to let Tony see the amazing drawing of the New York skyline, the Iron Man swooping over the buildings.
Deadpool snickered, and Peter found it more then a little creepy and weird. What was with this guy? He seemed so… overly cheery and more then a little unhinged. Did his dad really think it was okay to work with this guy? Or, at the very least, not report him to a mental hospital?
Peter looked around, seeing people already clustered up into groups. He shifted, holding a little tighter onto his things as he followed everyone else to the gym. It seemed like he was the only one that didn't know anyone else, and it was starting to make him uncomfortable. Should he call his dad and go home?
“I just need to know if he’s okay,” Tony said, eyes narrowed in a glare. “He’s dating my son, and he’ll want to know if Wade is alright.”
Steve smiled at him, leaning in. At first, Tony thought that his husband, who had betrayed and beaten him all those months ago, was going to kiss him. Tony wasn't sure he was ready to fully forgive Steve yet, but he still loved him, missed him. He wanted them to be able to fix what had gone wrong between them. But at the last minute, Steve seemed to rethink his actions, and pressed a kiss to Tony's temple instead of his lips. It wasn't what Tony wanted, but it would be enough for now.
Steve eventually came out, and Tony looked up to glance at him. Out of all the teammates who got mind magic’d by Maximoff, Steve looked the least shaken. Hell, if anything, he looked calmer then he had in years. Tony wondered if Steve hadn’t seen anything. If Steve hadn’t seen what Tony had…
“Well, it’s nice to meet you, Deadpool,” Peter said, shaking the mercenaries hand. “Sorry to interrupt whatever you were doing, but you are a pretty weird guy. More then a little suspicious, walking around with a pair of swords on your back.”
It started with Pepper, Tony having Jarvis call her in, and her alone. He knew the team had been trying to get in, but all of them failing. He didn’t want them to know all at once. So he called in Pepper first, because she was Pepper, so strong and brave, even with his ridiculousness.
“Nick Fury,” he said, stepping out of the shadows.“Director of SHIELD. And I’m here to talk to you about the Avenger Initiative.”
"I don't want to rest," Tony said in return. "I want to get Thanos, and I want to make him pay. Avengers, remember?"
If Tony didn’t want to die from a bunch of red and white carnations growing in his chest, eventually suffocating him to death, he could go to a special surgeon, who happened to live in New York, and get them removed. There was, however, a side effect that made the treatment undesirable. If the flowers were surgically removed, every feeling every memory, of the person the feelings were aimed for would be gone. Tony would lose every memory of Steve. Another option would be for Steve to return the feelings, and kiss Tony to prove it like in some fairy tale.
“It’s okay, Peter,” he breathed, throat tight as he tied it closed with one of his shoe laces. “It’s… It’s gonna be okay. I’m gonna figure out a way to fix this. I promise, okay?”
Before he got to into his thoughts, Ned was nudging him with his elbow. Peter frowned, nudging him back, only to be distracted as Ned pointed to the door. He turned, blinking as he found Weasel standing by the elevator. The bartender was shifting uncomfortably, holding a box in his hands that had Wade’s skateboard sticking out of the top.
Steve was left in the center of the battlefield, panting and dazed, as the snap echoed around them. All around him, his friends and teammates were gaping in shock, mostly in the direction of his arm. He could hear their panicked voices, but ignored them.
Tony watched in shock, as Steve pushed himself out of the chair, lowering to one knee as he pulled Tony's wedding ring out of his pocket. He held it out, eyes filled with hope and fear and so many other emotions.
Jarvis, thankfully, didn't say anything. He hurried up the stairs, nearly tripping on the last step, and through the living room. When he got to the front door, he paused, unsure, before opening it. And, sure enough, there was a basket with a wrinkly sniffling baby wrapped in layers and layers of blankets.
“Okay,” Tony said, snagging the kid right out of the air before he could get another pair of knees to his ribs. “That’s enough of that. Daddy needs coffee. Jarvis, time.”
Pulling out the hoodie, Peter felt tears stinging his eye. Feeling the worn fabric of the shoulders, he pulled the old and tattered hoodie to his chest, only to hear something crinkle in the front pocket. Reaching in, Peter found an envelope with his name on it, new and still white as he pulled it out, and carefully pulled it open. ‘
"We lost T'Challa," Steve started. "Wanda and Peitro. Vision. We also lost Sam. Bucky to… We can't get ahold of Fury or anyone in SHIELD, so we're pretty sure they're gone. But Natasha and Rhodes survived. And Thor and Bruce are back. Wilson is out there somewhere, but he probably won't be much help. Head seems like it's been scrambled."
Peter giggled, covering his grin with both his hands. Tony returned the grin, instead turning to start moving some things around. They set up a special area, over in a spot where Peter could see everything that was going on in the workshop. It would be where Peter would be whenever he came down with him. Tony would, of course, have to stop sleeping in the shop, and drinking while doing so.
Wade was the first to reach the Quinjet, and the first to get off when they finally landed back at the mansion. He didn't care that the others were trying to heal Tony and Steve, or that they shouted at him when he bolted out the hatch before it was fully open. There was only one thing on his mind as he ran.
He threw a hand over Tony’s shoulders, but Tony was having none of it. He pulled away, turned and picked up Peter, who seemed to realise they needed a way out. Peter yawned in his cutesy little way, big open mouth and a little fist rubbing his eyes. Tony gave is award winning smile, all fake, but still believable.
“They’re not here,” Steve said, dropping Wade as he stepped out of the elevator. “There was a call to assemble an hour ago to be in eastern Asia. Coulson said that Tony and I are on probation until we got what happened this morning sorted out, so Tony’s in a meeting in DC to explain.”
Sam and Clint cheered, and Bucky stood up to clap Steve on the back. His best friend, however, looked worried, and Steve knew exactly why. He slowly shook his head, just subtly enough that the others didn’t see. Steve hadn’t told Tony about Bucky and Peter’s mother. It was the one thing Steve couldn’t bring himself to tell Tony.
“Okay,” Tony said, giving the cadets an apologetic shrug that made Peter giggle. “Sorry guys. He’s right. It was me. Ian and I still text, though.”
“The hell?” a voice called, causing them to freeze. They looked down the balcony, finding everyone looking at them, Barnes scowling. “What just happened?”
Sucking in a shaky breath, Tony did his best to tier up the leg of his pants. He pulled it apart, having the nanomites stitch it back together in the vague shape of a pouch. Hands shaking, he carefully gathered as much of the dust and ash as he could, being as gentle as he could as he gathered it all into his makeshift bag.
Pepper was fixing up his bandages, while Peter sat in his lap, having refused to let go for the last hour or so. He was looking at the paper in Tony’s hands, though he couldn’t read it.
"I'll stay back, to," Bruce said, eyeing Steve. "With the Hulk… not around right now, it's better if I stay here with Tony."
Steve spent the rest of the evening trying to keep from obsessing over the next day. He played video games with Clint and Thor, spared with Natasha, talked to Bruce, went and saw Bucky. It worked. Mostly.
He didn’t really know what happened next, since he must have fallen asleep in the back seat. One second, he was sitting in the back seat, the next he was being gently shaken awake by Happy, who looked quite shocked. He said something that sounded like white noise to Peter, and led him inside and up to the penthouse. Happy laid him out on the couch, set a bowl of soup beside him and said something else before he left.
Rhodey helped him up, Peter still clinging to him. He had them help him into the suit, taking deep breaths as he got used to the weaker reactor.
In an instant, Peter was off, running back to his room. Tony went down to the lab, going over to the cars. He stepped on something as he went, looking down at it. It was Peter’s toys. One was a bag of marbles, and another was a box of what looked to be legos. The last one, however, was a plushie. A Captain America plushie.
He stepped off the assembler, using a repulsor to push his ruined car out of the way of the hole in the ceiling. With quick steps, he moved into place, Jarvis and Friday still rebooting but online. Turning back to Rhodey and Peter, he smiled, eyes watering. He took in the sight of them, not sure if he would come back from this.
He didn’t hear anything that doctor said, instead focused on coming up with a plan. Plans A, B, C, and all the way to Z. But he didn’t know anything about cancer. He knew computer viruses and how machine’s work. So what could he do? He couldn’t even think of one plan, much less back up ones.
“Listen to me, Tony,” Obie said, frowning at Peter. “We’re a team. Do you understand? There’s nothing we can’t do if we stick together, like your father and I.”
When Wade got back home, his arm was already starting to grow back. He had landed in a garbage truck, and the driver was thankfully heading in the direction of Wade’s place anyway. Letting out a breath, Wade made his way inside, grabbing a heat pack to put on his wrist as the stump grew a new hand. Al was sitting in her chair, grumbling as the roomba zipped by, the pieces of a cabinet left forgotten on the floor.
And then Steve’s shoulder’s tensed, and Tony realized that Steve was keeping his own vision a secret. Why wouldn’t Steve tell him? Steve was all about honesty! “Is that a problem?”
Tony felt his neck heat, but he was trained since birth on how to control his expressions. He laughed, a friendly smile on his face. “Did I what, Cap?”
It was then that Steve realized he hadn’t thought it over that much. He didn’t really know modern day New York like it had been in the 40’s because, well, it wasn’t the 40’s anymore. The buildings had changed, and there were different shops, or shops where apartments used to be, and everything was so different. Hell, the Dodgers weren’t even in New York anymore! How was he supposed to take Tony out on a date when he didn’t even know what was still standing and what was rubble.
After a long rest, Tony went to work to get ready from week two. He had the strangest feeling that he was going to die sooner then six weeks. It felt like three, with how fast he seemed to be progressing. He had to change the overrides on the lab doors, blacked out the windows entirely and locked everyone out without permission.
The words felt like a taunt to Steve’s ears, and he decided that he’d had enough. He turned, leaving the enhanced cell in the mansions celler, and went back upstairs. Tony and Bruce were toiling away in the lab to try and use their device to search for the other stones. So far, it hadn’t been going very well.
Taking a deep breath, she walked back over to the desk, picking up the lock chip. She looked at it, then back at him, before smiling.
Tony was having none of it. He glared, hand clenched so tightly around his coffee mug he could swear he heard it crack. Steve had lied to him, again. He had promised they'd have a meeting in the morning, now, but the damn super soldier had gone behind his back and had one the night before while Tony had been asleep. And what's worse, Tony had to find out from
Tony was happy to say that by December, Peter was starting to act a little like himself again. His son was a little brighter, even smiling and going to the mall with his friends and helping him in the lab. He wasn’t getting as many calls from Peter’s school, saying he was with the psychologist again, and Peter started staying in the house more.
At this point, even Tony could see that Obie didn’t like him being there. He took Peter inside, making sure he had some water and the he didn’t drink. Well… Much.
But Tony did. He understood what Wade felt. He’d felt it for so long, so very long, after he got together with Steve. And again after Ultron. It had taken forever to feel even a smidge good enough to be with Steve, and sometimes, he still felt like he wasn’t. So he knew what Wade was going through, and as much as he wanted his son to know, he wasn’t going to tell him.
Turning, Wade took in the sight of the younger man standing in the hallway behind him. He took in the sight of familiar brown eyes, and that wonderful mess of brown hair. While the suit he wore was metalic and unfamiliar, it was recognizable as one Wade had seen him in so often during their nightly patrols.
Instantly, Steve looked up from the sink, turning to see a helicopter view of Deadpool on the freeway. We could see several unmoving bodies, and what looked like blood, strewn around the man. Why did Tony say they could trust this guy again?
"Tony!" Wade said, his voice overly cheery. "So great to see you!" Even through the mask, Tony could see his smile drop into a dark look. A look that Tony had only ever seen on madmen about to kill someone. "But I have to take care of a wolf problem now."
Tony wanted to say yes. He always did when it came to Steve. Sure, he’d put up a front, say that he didn’t, but he did. He loved seeing the smile that Steve would get, so big and bright, just for Tony. But he had been up for two days straight, coughing up blood and flowers to often, since he was getting rather dizzy.
“Okay, Rhodey.” Glancing around, Tony picked up Peter, who shied away from Obie. “Pete, can you help me open up my shirt? I’ll show you my new heart, okay?”
It was then that he looked up. “There are two things that I’m here to talk about today, and the first, before there are rumors that are just gross, is about this little guy. Peter, can you say hi to all the reporters?” His heart, or rather the arc reactor, seemed to skip a beat as he felt sick saying it. Well, if he was going to start acting like a father, he’d need to set the record straight first.
Peter took it lying down, most of the time. Not bothering to put up much of a fight most days. Two weeks into school, and Peter eventually broke. Flash had shoved him against the lockers, spat something about no one to protect him, and Peter had just collapsed to the floor. Tears were streaming down his face as he buried his face in his hands.
"I'm not en engineer," Bruce said. "That's Tony, remember? But, I still remember what we did to find the Tesseract when the team first formed. It should be done tomorrow morning."
“Stark took off the arm.” Sam was watching Bucky carefully. “Just in case you thought to try anything.”
Throwing the door open, Wade burst into the room he'd been living in before Thanos appeared. Wide eyes went quickly to the bed, heart pounding in his chest as he found it empty. He faltered, a cold chill sweeping down his spine as he sucked in a breath.
now quietly sucking his thumb in her arms. Tony stared at the boy, getting up without a word. He couldn't take care of a baby. He was an alcoholic, and a workaholic, and a fuck ton of other bad things. Without a word, he turned and walked to where his tablet sat, starting to type.
And Tony decided to fuck it. Fuck telling Steve, because this was bullshit. “You seemed to walk away just fine.”
“But then when I dropped him off back at the tower, I went back. I figured it wouldn't hurt to look, just see what there was, but then I saw this ring. Jeweler said it was one of a kind. Well, one of two. Designed by this guy who died recently and made only two of them. Sorta a twin set. Simple but beautiful, and I thought ‘Holy shit, I gotta have it’, and I asked if they were for sale, and he said one was. So I kinda threw logic out the window and bought it right then?”
Inside, Wade was shocked to read the scribbled label at the top, and bullet points of ideas. This was the author's notes on the story, on his story, on his worlds story. Notes on Peter, Tony. On Steve and the Avengers and him. Notes that were scratched out, barely readable, about things that could have happened, but were decided against. Wade stared at the fragments of what could have been his past, could have been his history, and tried not to think too hard about how different he could have been.
“I just don’t get it,” Pops was saying as Peter peered around the hallway corner to find him sitting at the table with Bucky. “Every time Deadpool shows up, Tony just says to trust him, even right after the man has killed someone. Do you think… Do you think Tony’s hiding something from me?”
Tony stood, tossing the screwdriver aside. Then, the reporter talked about a woman whose husband had been kidnapped. He looked at it, then turned, and raised the gauntlet. It whirled, and fired a blast over the workshop. A light sparked and clanged as it fell, and Tony felt anger welling in his chest.
Snapping back to reality, Tony blinked and looked up at the teen, who was now up on only slightly shaky legs. “Wade. You… You shouldn’t be up, kid.”
Sooo I added a lot more tags. Usually, I don't like releasing the tags all at once, for people who are reading and keeping up with the chapters as they're posted so things can be a surprise (if I, say, was planning to kill off someone like Peter and had 'Major character death' and 'child death' or 'child suicide' in the tags, it wouldn't be a surprise), but it's been drawn to my attention that some people might not like the main pairings I have set up for this fic. And that's okay, but those that don't need to respect that this is they way I chose to do it, and if you don't like it, don't read it. But the first two chapters can be read alone without problems, if you just want to read about Tony and Peter.
“And what we do,” Obie said, ignoring him, “keeps the world from falling into chaos. To keep people here safe, like this little miracle that I didn’t know about.” He reached out, to ruffle Peter’s hair, only to have the boy, duck his head away from him.
he forgot. “No, no, I definitely didn't forget the important thing that you think I forgot. I was about to just go and do the thing right after this thing and…” He could feel himself floundering, and he could see that his rambling wasn't helping. “Okay. I forgot.”
Steve looked him dead in the eyes. “You can't tell anyone,” he said, voice deadly serious. “Tony and Peter can never know.”
“Colonel,” Tony said, as he walked up, holding onto Peter by his shins. “Why not a pilot without the plane?”
Peter couldn’t help but laugh, and followed her out of the room and back to the bus with the other kids. He wasn’t laughing though, as he sat on the bus and felt like his entire body was on fire. Sure, it was summer and it was hot anyway, but now he felt almost feverish, even woosie as he stepped off the bus and walked towards his bed area in the gym.
He planned on going after Connors. He kind of had to. If Connors went after Pepper again… Peter didn’t want to risk it. His aunt meant to much to him. He didn’t remember much of his early childhood, but he knew how his dad used to be. How he had been absent, detached from Peter entirely, until after Afghanistan. But Peter knew that Pepper had been there, always, especially during Afghanistan.
“I’ll grant it,” Steve said, though he said it a little begrudgingly. He turned, Wade turning to watch as he walked past Peter, pulling out a phone. “I’m going to call Tony and Coulson. Get SHIELD in here to do clean up.”
“Pep,” he said, voice low and dark. “You know how much I hate reading the government stuff. Especially from senators.”
He blinked the daze away, seeing Wade looking at him strangely, and he remembered what Deadpool had said a while back about brain damage. He couldn’t die, not really, and when he got something jabbed into his skull, he started to see things. Quickly, Peter reached out.
When Peter’s fifteenth birthday rolled up, he made plans to tell his friends who his family really was.
He felt his mouth go dry, and his throat felt tight. Swallowing dryly, Peter nodded, and barely noticed Ned stand up.
“Yeah,” Tony said, catching Thor leaving out the corner of his eye. Steve followed after him, and Tony grit his teeth. “What can I do?”
“We're going to introduce ourselves in a very special way, if you three can handle that,” she said, smiling. “Does everyone know the periodic table?”
Taking as deep of a breath as he could, Peter strained against the now fraid strap, and beamed as it snapped. Quickly, he undid the other two, and moved the long sleeves of Wade’s hoodie to cover his hands, help shield them if only a little, from the blade, and carefully pushed it up and out of the glass just enough to open the top.
Startled, Steve looked up and stared. Bucky was scowling at him, glaring and confused. Steve stared more, Bucky glared more.
“Breathe,” the sickeningly familiar voice said as stared at the device in Obadiah’s hands. “Easy, easy… You remember this one, right? It’s a shame the government didn’t approve it. There’s so many applications for causing short-term paralysis.”
And with that, she left. Tony went back to work, fixing up the suit as he waited for Pepper to come back. He ordered pizza, for dinner, and went up to eat with Peter until it was bath and bedtime. The kid slept pretty easy now, and after some work, Tony had moved Peter’s room closer to his. With only a wall between them no, and a night light that Tony had built to give the exact same glow as the arc reactor, Peter could sleep in his own bed, most nights.
Bucky, who had his arm removed so the others present could feel comfortable, nodded in approval. “About time.”
"Doesn't matter," Wade snapped. "I'm going to kill you for what you did to Peter. The story ends with me getting revenge for you messing with our lives. Because I'm
“You and I have never seen eye to eye, but I know that you can be better then this. You can be better then the crazy mercenary. You can be a hero. Start training to join the team. You just need to make the right decision-!”
“Scanning, Baby Boss.” There was a pause, Peter feeling his chest tighten. “It appears that you have gained small hairs on your fingers and hands, similar to that of a spiders. While I'm glad you're finally awake and seem to be unharmed, this is worrying.”
“I am Iron Man,” the man said, rather disapprovingly. “You think you’re the only superhero in the world? Mr. Stark, you’ve just become part of a bigger universe. You just don’t know it yet?”
The suited man stopped, a loud gasp escaping him as he turned to Spiderman. For a minute, Peter thought he was going to run. Instead, he put his hands to his cheeks, gave inhaled sharply in shock, and started bouncing excitedly on his toes.
When Tony had given back the ring, he’d wanted to tell Tony to stop. It didn’t have to be like this, if they just sat and talked. But he knew that they wouldn’t really get the chance to when they were still fighting Ultron. There was just no time to go that. So Steve had picked up the ring, and sat on the stump to think before he was called inside to talk to Fury.
A boy, held by his clearly terrified mother, pulled from her grip and ran to his father. They embraced, holding each other tightly. The boy looked at him, as he passed, going to grab the leader of the group. Tony pulled him through a wall, tossing him down in front of the crowd.
He heard his Dad give a gentle laugh before he hung up. Peter shook his head, moving to set the bowl in the sink, only to… not be able to let go. Well, his fingers moved, but the bowl was practically stuck to his hand. He made a soft noise of confusion, blinked to try and figure out if he was just dreaming. Got, he hoped he was just dreaming.
“That’s enough,” Steve said, stepping in to grab Deadpool’s leg before he could shatter it trying to kick Tony’s head in. He dropped it once Deadpool had fallen to the ground, and crossed his arms. “Now, you can either walk with us to the Tower, or we can drag you.”
The cadets were all snickering, and one looked just about to die from his red face. Tony smiled, though Peter seemed confused.
They split up into little groups, doing their own things. Steve went with Sam and Bucky to the pool table, doing their secretive soldier boy talking, while Bruce wandered off to try and subtly find Natasha. Said red head was sitting with Clint and Coulson, her chair closest to the pool table where she kept whispering in Russian to Barnes. Tony hung out with Thor and Agent Hill for a while, listening to Rhodey tell a War Machine story. In terms of hero stories, it wasn’t all that interesting or funny, and they had a bit of a laugh about Thor’s not so clean save.
“Ned,” Friday’s voice said, no longer monotone, and sounding very concerned. “And Mary Jane. You have returned. Are Boss and Baby Boss with you?”
This time, Tony cut himself off all together. The end of that sentence hung unsaid between them. It held so much weight, and Steve's answer would hold even more. They remain frozen, staring at each other.
Steve cleared his throat, and Tony watched as his ears turned pink. “Did you… like it? When I kissed you?”
“Yensin?” Peter asked, looking up at the sound of a familiar name. Tony had, of course, told Peter all about how he escaped with Yensin’s help. He hadn’t had the heart to tell him that Yensin was dead, and instead said Yensin returned to Gulmira.
“Oh!” he gasped, a mix of faux surprise and giddy pleasure. “I’m the focus right now? How exciting!” With a giggle, he rolled up the map before anything on it could be seen. “Trying to peek at my work, Wolfy? To bad. It’s not gonna work~ After all…” Even through his mask, still firmly in place, his face went dark. “I’m taking full control now. And there’s nothing you can do about it~”
It made him think about everything that could have been different. If his dad had been around in his starting years, or if his pops had never kept that secret. If Peter had told them he was Spiderman sooner, or Wade never gone into the weapon-x program. Would his fathers still be married? Would he and Wade even be together?
“Hey Cap,” Sam said, and speak of the devil. “Stark says the thing is ready and that he’s leaving to make sure the tower is secure and to prepare my floor?”
And then, not like always, Jarvis went off line. Tony spent a few minutes working to get him back online, Pepper hiding in the safe room, until Jarvis was up again.
Tony couldn't help but snort, and gestured to the plush couch. “Set him down there. I need to detach the arm to figure out how it works.”
“Great,” Peter said as the doors opened again. He stepped out, his friends following as he took off his glasses and set them on the counter. “Tell Dad that we’ve arrived safe and sound.”
They didn’t say much else for the rest of the night, before eventually splitting up to go to their own homes. Once Peter crawled through his bedroom window, he let the suit slide off him, hiding it in the hidden paneling his dad built for it. It was late. Or… early? Is was two in the morning, but Peter could hear someone in the kitchen. Deciding that it would be good to check, Peter tugged on some pajamas and ruffled up his hair to walk out into the hall.
"I left the door open?" She sounded generally confused, as if she hadn't realized and was truly detached from the world. All the while, still
Quickly, Tony reached out, picking up the basket by the handle, doing his best not to touch the kid. The baby squirmed, making Tony flinch and fidget himself. He carried the basket as far from him as he could placing it on the table.
Tony hesitated. The weight of the pouch was heavy around his neck, a reminder of what needed to be done. But when Tony looked down at the two toddlers, Susan staring and waiting patiently as Johnny made irritated grabbing hands at him, he couldn't help but want to curl up with them like he had done what felt like ages ago. They were still so small, but they'd grown in the month that he'd been gone.
I actually got the 'Big Brother in Training' shirt idea from my aunt. She had her daughter wear a similar shirt to Christmas dinner to tell everyone she's pregnant. My reaction was like Wade and Bucky's.
With a sigh, Tony agree to help when he could. He told Wade that he’d fabricate a suit for him, if he brought him a design and notes on what he needed. He also gave Wade the gear he’d already made. The kid would be needing them.
For a minute or so, they sat in tense silence. Tony's mind kept realing, trying to come up with a solution, for if Steve wasn't going to heal. Captain America was a good symbol. Even after the Accords, he was still held as a symbol of peace, strength, and victory. He was a war hero, one kids looked up to, and adults were willing to listen to, when the going got tough. They could never truly replace Steve, but if they were lucky, they could find someone who would at least have the potential to fill the gap. Iron Man wouldn't be as missed, with Peter having the Iron Spider, and Tony able to pilot remotely.
Things settled fairly quickly, and Peter hoped that everything would be fine. They all settled in to play games on the StarkCube, a console he helped his dad create that could read any game disc. It hadn't been announced yet, since they were still waiting for a green light and final contract deal from Nintendo. It could connect several controllers, so all six of them got to play guitar hero with four guitarists and two drummers. It was good, really fun.
He and Ned bonded over their love for Star Wars and Minecraft. Peter had convinced his dad once or twice to help him develop mods that they routinely updated to run on newer models of the game and actually helped the game run a little faster. Turns out that Ned actually downloaded and loved their ‘Avengers Tower’ mod that came with a seed where they had built a replica of the Tower, though the floors were empty, along with added each Avengers gear. They had officially added Falcon and the Winter Soldier just a few weeks ago.
“He forgave me. Peter. He wouldn’t have done that, unless it was for a reason. I’m not crazy, Pepper. I just know, after I saw what happened in Gulmira, and Peter when I got back, what I have to do. I had spent years, as a kid, trying to make my father proud. But now, I know, that I need to make Peter proud. To make him proud to say, when he’s older, ‘that’s my dad’. And I know, in my heart, that this is right.”
“Tony,” a familiar voice called from the door. Tony blinked and turned to find Steve. “I've been looking for you for almost a half hour.”
“We can talk about this at the Tower,” Tony presses. “Seriously, this is gonna be a shit storm. The paperwork involved… Just come quickly and quietly and we can get this all sorted out.”
“You’re about to make a whole lot of people around her real happy,” he said with a smile. “‘Cause that little stunt at the press conference, that was a doozy.”
And then, he fell limp once more. Tony stumbled back, eyes wide with horror. He would have saved them if he could have. He would! He did everything he could to keep Steve safe, to protect the team in the only ways he knew how, and-
He made his way up to the wing of the house with his family's bedrooms. He poked his head into the twins shared room, finding them both happily dozing away. The door to what Friday had said was Peter's room was cracked open, so Steve opened it to check, only to find the pouch Tony had been carrying placed carefully on the bed. His heart clenched, and he decided to not think about it, and turned to continue to the next door.
Before Weasel could reply, Wade hung up, searching for at least slightly clean clothes before pulling them on. Jamming his feet into his civilian shoes, Wade took off, running all the way to Midtown high. Weasel was already there waiting, and he slowed to a fast walk as he sucked in heavy breaths to try and calm himself.
Tony hummed, listening to the reporter until she said that people thought he had PTSD, and that he was hiding out with Peter. Trying to hide. Stark men don’t hide. The render was completed, and Tony drank a bit more veggie sludge before heading to get himself and Peter into some suits.
Tony blinked, and was instantly going to get blood samples to run some tests. He asked Wade about where he’d been, and listened carefully. It was a shock to know that Wade had been used as a lab rat for three months, before starting a hunt for this Francis guy. He had apparently been looking for the guy for three months, but was coming up short.
Wade felt his chest tighten, and let out a soft laugh as the suits mask was pulled off. Peter snorted, reaching up to pop the staples holding the cutout of Ryan Reynolds face off of Wade. Once it was gone, Wade waited with baited breath as he watched Peter rake his eyes over his face. And then, Wade felt his heart flutter as Peter actually smiled-
“Tony,” Obie called behind him, making him pause as he put Peter in the car. “Just lay low for a little while.”
Clint chuckles, and Tony feels quite confused. He glances around, taking in the strange familiar air but unfamiliar surroundings. There were pictures of Clint, Natasha, and what looked like a family of two parents and two kids. A few toys had been forgotten in places around the living room, like a dinosaur toy in the window or a lego house by the table.
Tony was suspended in air. From the ground was a massive spike, speared through the armor and Tony's side. The faceplate flicked up, revealing the tight features of Tony's face, and Steve scrambled toward him. His heart was pounding in his chest as Tony gave a wet cough.
The titan barely stood a chance, and Tony was going to feel suck a sick satisfaction at punching him in his oversized, wrinkled chin.
“Do I?” Steve asked with a slight cringe. “Well… I guess. He’s just… He’s just something else, you know?”
In that moment, Tony felt his heart lurch, his stomach roll and clench at the same time. His first thought had been ‘Oh God’ and the second was ‘Pepper told me so’. And, of course, his third was ‘Pepper can never know’. She'd never trust him again!
“Not from what I saw,” Tony said, moving to set Peter down, but still have him close. “We’re not doing a good enough job. We can do better. We’re gonna do something else.”
“That,” Tony said with a grin, “is one of my robots. His name is Butterfingers, and he cleans my workshop. Or he’s supposed to. Hey, Butterfingers! What’s all this stuff doing on top of my desk? That’s my phone, that’s a picture of me and my dad. Right there. In the garbage. All that stuff.”
Instantly, his Dad froze. Peter wanted to take it back, stuff the words back into his mouth and never let them out. He didn't need to know if asking made his dad upset.
“I like it,” Peter said, holding onto Tony with one arm and the Captain America plush with the other. “Superhero name. Like Cap’n ‘Merica…”
The author is questioning their life choices, and is regretting taking so much time on this chapter.
To prove such, Tony charged it up, and let it rip. And it did rip. It ripped him right off the floor and into the wall. And possibly his arm out of its socket. Definitely his pride out of his chest as he gasped for breath.
“Why don’t we let Peter decide,” Tony said, turning to let Peter see the old one as well as the new one. “That’s Daddy’s old heart, Pete. What should we do with it?”
“I’m pretty sure this is some kind of couples squabble,” Bruce started. “And normally I wouldn’t get in the middle of it, but do you know what you’re doing? She’s not in your head?”
They rescheduled for the next weekend. Only, Pepper apparently hadn't known about the date and Tony ended up spending the weekend in Tokyo with Peter doing business things Steve didn't understand.
Surging forward, Wade wrapped his arms around Peter, pulling him against him. He held on, refusing to let go, and ready to hold onto the messy brunette for the rest of their lives.
There was a thud behind him, and he had just enough time to turn to Stane to dodge the first attack. Like an idiot, he held up his empty hand to attack, looking at it stupidly for a second before being nearly punched off the roof. He threw a punch, only to get held in a tight hold, weapons crushed.
“How about a suit? And an alias! Bitter Boy. Super Fist. Captain Never-Die.” Weasel blinks. “Oh right. I guess I should put you back on the board. Since, you know, you’re not dead? None of the guys you were betting on died, though.”
“What?” Tony said, trying to wave it off. “I’m not quiet. I’m thinking. I think all the time. It’s… It’s nothing.”
When Peter had asked him to join him at the gala, Wade hadn’t wanted to say yes. It wasn’t because Wade didn’t want to go, but more that he was worried about what people would say. They weren’t telling anyone that he was Peter’s boyfriend. It would make it way to obvious that Peter ‘Parker’ and Peter Stark were the same. Or make everyone at school think he was a cheater. Either way, not go. So he was supposed to wear a security detail suit and shades, and pretend to be Peter’s bodyguard for the night.
"Tony," a gasp sounded from the doorway, making him pause. He looked up, finding Steve, hair tousled, standing in the door. The blond was in sweats, wearing slippers and holding a paper cup in his right hand, the left tucked into a blue sling. "You're awake."
He never thought it was a problem. The Hanahaki disease was rare, even more then it had been in Steve’s time, with barely one in a billion a year even getting to the point the flowers manifest. After all, so many people were desensitize to the feeling of true love. But he didn’t truly love Steve, right? Turns out he did.
And with that, Deadpool was on his way, leaving Peter to blink at him in utter confusion. The guy was definitely… different. He didn't know why his dad was so insistent that Deadpool wasn’t going to suddenly snap, but Peter guessed that he’d give the guy the benefit of the doubt. But the guy was seriously weird.
“It’s six eighteen, Baby Boss” Friday said cheerily. “Its supposed to be hot today, like the old bot said.”
“No,” Tony said, sipping at his drink. Non-alcoholic, of course. “Peter’s still at camp until tomorrow morning, and Pep has this meeting with this bio-chem guy that’s currently working at Oscorp.”
“I tried to get a hold of Coulson and Clint, but…” She shakes her head, unsure. “Nothing has worked so far. They aren’t answering any phone that I know of. I tried to figure out where that Scott Lang guy Tony had teamed up with is, but I don’t have any way of tracking him down either. I think we’re on our own, Steve.”
Tony blinked, looked at the phone, then set it down to wait. He drank more coffee, pursed his lips, and drank some more. He wanted to know what they would say, without them actually saying it, but he knew that wasn't possible. They'd come and they'd hear what he had to say, then tell him what a bad idea it was.
“Do it,” Rhodey said. “You and Rogers are doing great together. He moved in months ago, and you've been together for, like, two years, right? You're not gonna break up any time soon.”
At his confused cry, the baby started to cry himself. Or… herself. God, Tony didn’t even know this kids gender. Or, if it was even his! He tried to make shushing noises, trying to get it to stop crying. The noise only made it worse.
Without a second thought, Wade started making his way back to Midtown High, pushing past the daily crowd, thin as it may be. His heart was racing, ears ringing, as he made his way to the front entrance of the school. As he grew closer, the racing and ringing slowed, but not because of a calm that washed over him, but because he started to hear the whispers around him. Men and women alike were turning away from him, whispers of shock and horror filling the air.
Finding the ship wasn't the problem. No, that was the easy part. The hard part was getting it working. When Thanos had rained the moon down on them, he'd hit the ship. There were holes in the hull, small ones, but when dealing with the empty void of space, and hole was big enough.
When no one raised their hand, Peter tentivinly raised his hand, and started to list. “Palladium, Erbium, Thorium, Euphonium, Radium. Peter Parker, but my dad calls me Pete or Petey sometimes.”
Tony didn’t know how long he’d been working. Probably not that long. Peter had only been in and out to help him a couple times. And Dummy had only made… two? Maybe three smoothies. There was no way it had been all that long when he finished the arm for Barnes.
Once he was free, Peter took a deep breath, still feeling a little light headed, and picked up the katana. He saw Francis stab a knife into the side of Wade’s head, and he saw red. Hand flying up, Peter shot a gooey, unrefined web at Francis’s back, pulling him back towards Peter as he put the katana first, and thrust it forward into the man's back. They both fell, Peter landing on his front as the wind was knocked out of him.
“The Quinjet,” Rhodes said, crossing his arms to think. “We can use it to get back the mansion and pick anyone up. Natasha and I can-”
It was in that second, just as he was about to reach the gate, that he realized he wasn’t the same as he was. He didn’t look the same anymore. His face was scarred, hideous, and he was bald, to. Peter wasn’t vein, but… There was no way even Peter, as loving as he was, could love Wade’s fork-stabbed butter face.
Peter giggled, spreading his arms as far as he could before Tony’s arms hurt a little, and he had to put him down. Pepper smiled, leaving them to their bonding.
“What happened to building the IKEA thing?” Wade countered. “Give up? I thought you were better then letting life’s imperfections get the better of you.”
“Rhodey,” Tony said seriously. “I’m working on something big. I came to talk to you. I want you to be a part of it.”
But when he finally went back outside, Peter was gone from the table, only the girls sitting there. Weasel was trying to talk to them, but they both looked pretty uncomfortable as he approached.
Tony couldn’t help it, he broke out into laughter. “Wow, Coulson. You are the last person I’d expect something like that from.
Just then, he heard gunfire from down below. The Avengers? No, he didn’t see Iron Man anywhere, nor did he see Falcon or Vision. If he strained his ears, he could faintly hear Captain America, though, along with the sound of the shield bouncing off of stuff.
Obie quickly led him away from the podium, and Tony took Peter’s hand as he was ushered away. Obie took over the conference, and Tony led Peter outside, scooping him up as they went. He had Happy drive him to the factory, to go see the big arc reactor. Peter was amazed by it all, and Tony couldn’t blame him.
He was currently standing in the doorway to the outdoor quinjet landing pad in his pajamas, scowling at his friends and teammates as they were all fully geared, ready to go. They were all going on a mission, to face Thanos, without him. Steve was standing in front of him, looking at least a little guilty.
“Have you decided what you’re gonna say to him?” Weasel asked as they round the corner to the skatepark.
STARK: Absolutely. Just gotta… Can’t have the kid getting a cold. He gets all whiny and I make terrible soup. Tastes kinda like soap for some reason.
It was around midnight, though, that he spotted someone strange down below. It was someone in a mask and a suit. Not a business suit, but a suit like his pops. He had swords on his back, and what looked like guns at his hips. Finding his suspicious enough to investigate, Peter swung down to drop just a bit behind him.
“I want you to not tell Peter,” he said again. “I want to tell him on my own. Just… not yet. Want to have a few days to think of a plan. So… just don’t tell him, okay?”
Rhodey and Pepper would both get a third of the leftover fortune, while Rhodey would get all of Tony’s suits and get to share Jarvis with the Avengers. Pepper would also get all of Tony’s art collection, though it was pretty much hers anyways. The remaining third would be split between the many, many charity organizations Tony had been involved in. He just had to get everything else ready before his time was up.
“This is not a piece of equipment,” Tony ground, the hud going staticy for a second. “I’m in it. It’s a suit. It’s me!”
Harry had asked him on several occasions if they'd met before, and Peter always said no. He didn't want Harry to know that he was really Peter Stark, since Harry was sort of an attention hog. If he knew, he'd flaunt being the Bestest Friend of
Peter was only a kid, just 14, but he was Tony's kid. A smart kid that understood most of what Tony said. Tony loved him, so much, and he valued Peter's opinion above all else. Though, Steve was a close second, with Rhodey and Pepper tied for third. Which is why when Steve went out to help Coulson with some new recruit training, Tony called Rhodey.
“I don’t want to pressure Tony into telling them,” he explained as he watched the cursor on the screen flick between shows. “What are you looking for? What have you been watching?”
Tony thought it was cringe worthy, the way he said that. So fucking cringe worthing. Great cover up, Stark. Steve seemed to think so to, and pursed his lips, looking rather uncomfortable. God, why did Tony always fuck up?!
“I know!” the teen snapped back. “I know he would love to know that I’m okay, but I doubt he’d be able to stomach looking at me. I’m hideous, Tony. I look like someone tried to make mashed potatoes, but only the outside got soft enough to smash. Even Weasel, who has seen some serious shit in his days, looked like he was going to throw up.
Peter decided to go to the obstical course in the training room to test it all out. There was a target in there, as well as some heavy weights he could play with to test everything out. He started with the weights, going to pick up the one he knew was a size to big. In the past, when he’d come down with Steve, he could just barely dead lift his own weight, and he didn’t really work out much, but he’d try one that was 20 lbs more.
“You're buttering me up Tony,” Pepper said, voice cross and waiting. “That means you did something or you're about to. Do I need to call PR for clean up again?”
But as the words came out of his mouth, Steve knew what she meant. Tony would do anything to fix his Ultron mistake. Even if it meant making a bigger, badder Ultron that would kill the first one.
Steve put his hands in his pockets, scuffing a shoe on the floor. Barnes seemed to squint, tilting his head ever so slightly. What? What was Barnes privy to that Tony wasn't?!
The genius shut his mouth so quickly that Steve could hear the click. Then, he took a deep breath. “I wanted to talk about us-”
“Come on,” Steve said, carefully levering Bucky to his feet. “We'll get you some water, and we'll talk.”
When Peter finally managed to get Pepper to let go of him, he hurried back to the Tower to work on the webs problem. Turns out, he only had so much in his body. And that wasn’t very much. So, if he used the organic webs as a base, and mixed it with some other chemicals, he could theoretically make stronger, finer, and longer lasting webs then what he now produced naturally.
The sound of fighting slowly filled his ears. Turning his head, he squinted off to the right, finding a mass of people. They were moving fast, throwing punches and kicks and hits. He could make out Natasha being thrown back, only to be caught by Carol, and set back down.
“Rhodey and I will be right there,” Pepper said instead of the negative words Tony expected, and then hung up.
“Don’t worry,” Tony said, pulling off the electrodes, just in time to see Peter appear at the glass door. “There’s my Peter! Jay, let him in!”
Peter thought he did pretty well tracking down Connors. After all, it only took him a few hours, and he ended up finding the man in the sewers, looking less human and more lizard as he was trying to make his way to Oscorp. Peter fought him on the way there, eventually coming out of the sewer practically riding the guy like a bull.
“Doctor Strange?” the doctor asked. “I used to work with Strange. He went off the grid almost a year ago. Where have you been?”
For the first time in years, Peter heard his aunt heave a sigh. She placed her head in her hands, rubbing her temples with her fingers. She looked absolutely exhausted…
It didn't take too long to find the Guardians ship. It was parked just over a nearby hill, and Tony had Friday's help with it. She didn't have all of her functions, but she was able to send out a sensor for him.
“And Mini Stark,” Tony said, moving to shake a few hands. Most eyes were on the giggling five year old on his shoulders though, anyway. He didn’t take any offence to that. Peter was adorable. “Speaking of manned and unmanned, you gotta get him to tell you about the time he guessed wrong at spring break. Just remember that. Spring break, 1987. That lovely lady you woke up with-”
The words were enough for them to get moving, before the Quinjet was even secure. Wade jumped out as soon as the hatch was open, and started to sprint down the path, towards the sounds of the fight. He arrived at the top of the hill just in time to see Barton pushing Steve back from the suspended form of Tony Stark. Even from here, as Coulson and Banner scrambled past him and down the hill, Wade could see the stream of red flowing down the spike that pierced the armor and the man's chest.
Peter squinted at his teacher, lifting up his head. “And if my dad’s fighting Hydra, or Loki, or some crazy mutant that could destroy the world?”
Coulson sighed. “They’re… new recruits. When the event happened, we lost a lot of good men. These four were at our wedding, and displayed quite a bit of skill in… an odd way, to say the least."
When they finally stopped, Steve was squirming in this seat, wanting to ask, but not wanting to know, if Tony meant this as a date, or as birthday lunch. He didn't really get the courage to, stewing over it as they walked, until they finally came to a stop and Steve took in his surroundings.
“Coming Peter,” Tony called back, sliding the papers back into the envelope and tossing them on his desk. Pepper looked at him disapprovingly. “What? I have to say goodbye to Barnes. I’ll look at it later.”
“That’s the coolest thing I’ve ever seen,” Rhodey said, standing with Peter, who looked scared and worried.
“I had my eyes opened,” Tony said, moving Peter off his lap so he could stand. He moved behind the podium, Peter following to cling to his leg. “I came to realise that I have more to offer this world than just making things that blow up. I came to realise that that isn’t the legacy I want to leave behind for my son. And that is why, effective immediately, I am shutting down the weapons manufacturing division of Stark Industries-” Everyone one jumped to their feet, shouting for his attention, and making Peter cling painfully tight to his leg. “-until such a time as I can decide what the future of the company will be, what direction it should take, one that I’m comfortable with is consistent with the highest good with this country, as well.”
“Did you hear anything about Deadpool in the news?” Peter asked Ned in a quiet voice. “My dads were arguing about him when I got upstairs.”
“Well, we were expecting that. Send in the Iron Legion.” Tony squinted, trying to fire a repulser shot at a thinner point of the barrier. Damn, no good.
Tony was annoyed. Really, he was very, very annoyed. He was currently standing outside Wade’s hospital room, grumbling as the doctor refused to tell him anything. It had been nearly three hours since Wade had suddenly fainted at the bottom of the stairs to the lab, and while he hadn’t gotten any texts from Steve, wondering what happened, he was sure they wouldn’t be much longer.
of fun at camp. The first week have passed so quickly, Peter had barely noticed he wasn't at home. His group had become sort of fast friends, though Harry and Ned didn't seem to get along to well. They did a lot of team building sort of things, either playing card games or board games, and doing some simple science experiments.
Thankfully, Steve actually looked to startled to speak. Tony took a deep breath, and made a quick decision. He knew he shouldn’t make this decision without thinking it through but he needed to do it. It had to be done.
“Really Tony?” Steve turned to scowl at him. “Really? I thought you were all about tech and style and
There was a sharp click, the only sound to cut through the ringing in his ears. A sob jarred him, and he held the recorder tightly in his hands as he let his last breath slip from his lips, as he let darkness swarm in his eyes.
Peter goes to summer school and meets an ittsy bitsy spider, and Tony may or may not have mad a murder-bot. It was an accident!
It wasn't an unreasonable thing to ask for, not by any means. But it was such a difficult thing to do. To go back, and look for all this information that Tony didn't know about the woman that had his child? The woman that Tony didn't even know the name of? It was…
So he walked inside the school lobby, and was absorbed into the mass of twenty other 14 year olds. There was a group of six adults talking at the front of the room, each looking at least vaguely familiar. If these were teachers that were chaperoning, it would make sense since his dad wanted him to go somewhere with a good science plan.
"Testing," Tony said, chuckling to himself as he held the makeshift mic to his mouth. "Testing, one, two, three." He paused, his laughter falling into uneasy silence. "To whoever finds this… Well, I'm the dead guy you found this one. My name is- was? -Tony Stark. I'm a forty-five year old engineer from Earth. I was part of a team there, called the Avengers. In the last few months, we haven't been active, but with Thanos succeeding in his massacre, the team will rise again. Because if we can't protect the innocent, we'll sure as hell Avenger them."
It had been a week since they had made it to New York, and while they were making progress with the civilians, they had only been able to start in Manhattan. They were working their way out and around the Tower, which had become a hub for their activities, since the top floors were still accessible to the Avengers and only them, even if it was mostly empty. It was slow going, but they had other things to worry about, since they still hadn’t made any headway on getting inside the Mansion.
“Sure,” Tony said, stuffing his hands in his pockets. “Anything for-” The guy I'm hopelessly in love with? The man who makes me all hot and bothered? The one I want to make Peter's second dad? “-a teammate.”
After the Vulture ordeal was taken care off, his dad pulled some strings and got Liz’s mom a job working in the tower. She mostly answered calls, and it wasn’t enough to keep their house, but they found somewhere closer to the school, and much cheaper, so Liz got to stay.
Steve scowled as they landed a few yards away, and watched with his arms crossed as Tony walked over to Wade. And then face palmed as Deadpool pulled his hand back to punch the pinned man only to have his hand land square on the crotch of the Iron Man armor. Deadpool, crazy son of a bitch he was, tilted his head in what seemed to be confusion.
Once his suit was on, Wade spent the next hour getting every single gun he could from around the house. The duffle was soon full, and Wade slung it over his back as he went running to his meeting spot. He was early, so he dropped the duffle as he did his best to take deep breaths and keep as calm as he could.
Wade landed towards the top of the wreckage. For a moment, he was panicking, clawing his way to a vantage point to look for Peter. He had survived, right? He wasn’t dead? Surely Steve would have caught him!
“Wait a second,” Weasel says as Wade shouts profanity as he paces his room at Al’s. “We can talk about what we’re gonna- Okay,” He says, taking a step back as Wade starts beating on a dummy. “Or you can hit stuff. Yeah yeah. Hey, hey. Relax, relax, okay? I think that’s a good start.”
“Breaking news,” the reporter said as Steve took his bowl to the sink. “A multi car collision turns shots fired out on the freeway. The assailant appears to be wearing what looks like a red suit, and wielding both guns and swords.”
“I don’t hate it,” Peter confirmed as he led the way back to the roofs. “But I don’t really agree with it either. It’s just necessary, sometimes. Some people can’t get the help that they need because of where they live or what they did in the past, and that’s really to bad. But some mercenaries can help those people when police and superheros can’t.”
Peter nodded eagerly, holding the plush so hard that Tony could have sworn the head would pop off. It didn’t, thank god, but it looked like it would.
Once all the rioting was put to an end, and the UN able to meet, the Accords were quickly abolished, stating his Pops, Uncle Buck, and everyone that fought on their side, were free to go. Clint was relieved of his house arrest, Natasha got to keep all her knives, and Bucky got to reunite with Darcy. Not to mention that, with the Stones safely in Doctor Strange’s custody, they were able to bring Vision back.
Tony pursed his lips, drumming his fingers on the armrest of his chair. “It had been kinda spur of the moment,” he started. “I had been out with Peter, kinda like our last undercover father son time before he left for highschool stuff. And we were walking downtown, and we walked past this jeweler's. And Peter had made a joke, or I think it was a joke, about when Steve was going to become his second dad, and I kinda laughed it off.
“That would have been so much easier,” Ned groaned. “I thought you lived in Queens. Why are we going into Manhattan?”
“You never did tell me why you’re so okay with mercenaries,” Deadpool said one night, as Spiderman was webbing up a convenience store thief. “We kill people for money, you know? I would have thought that ‘Friendly, Neighborhood Spiderman’ would hate that sort of thing.”
“We’re going to go see Uncle Rhodey,” Tony said. “Go get your shoes and a jacket. And meet me in the lab”
Suddenly, Thor crashed through the ceiling, slamming his hammer down on the cradle. Strings of lightning flew all around the room, and Tony had to duck to avoid getting hit. When he stood, and the dust had settled, a man stood before them. Or, rather, a organic robot stood before them. He looked around, seemed to shake his head, then turned to Thor.
After hours of working, Peter finally made the perfect mix, compressed into small capsules that he could put into the web shooters he designed. They weren’t perfect, but they would have to be fixed later, if he wanted to go after Connors sooner rather then later.
“But Tony and I made the pact to not keep secrets from each other is possible.” There was a pause as Bucky gave Pops a pointed look, making him sigh. “You’re right… I’m just… worried. Like, how did they meet? Why does Tony trust him? Why ignore the things he’s done?”
With a slight smirk, he tucked the phone back into his pocket, and turned away completely. “Before this chapter is out… I’ll have a pelt for my floor.”
“Here’s your alibi,” the agent said. “You were on your yacht. We have port papers that put you in Avalon all night, and sworn statements from 50 of your guests.”
“Thor,” Steve called, and Tony could see the way that he was slowly inching over to shield Tony from the new creation. “You helped make this thing?”
He let out a groan of annoyance, even as a smile tugged at his own lips. “I’m never going to live that down, am I? It was an accident.”
They called in chinese for dinner, and Tony found out that Peter loved egg drop soup. Noodles were his second favorite, and he was strangely delighted when he found brocoli. Didn’t kids hate brocoli? Once they finished, and after Peter had insisted he eat lots and lots of food to, they went back down to the lab so Tony could do a little bit of work, making plans for a new suit, and so Peter could play and watch.
But, as he finished up the unit, and went to find Steve to strong arm the Soldier into the unit, Steve walked into the room.
Okay! I know it ends kind of suddenly, but I sort of kind of already have some ideas for another three chapters? So, yeah. More chapters!
“I don't get separation anxiety,” Tony gasped. “Honey Bear, I'm hurt you would even think that! I worry about Peter, so much, and he's just so small and I worry about having to protect him!”
And with that, Tony hung up and finished his way home. Friday told him that Peter eaten, by then, and Tony gave him permission to come down, with shoes. Peter did come down, and stared up at him as he went to the dismantler.
He pulled back, beaming as Peter gave him that confused little look he did when things didn't add up quite right. Wade knew he had questions. Peter
Once more, Natasha shook her head. “Our comms weren’t designed to go all the way around the world. Bruce can’t connect to him. We’d send Thor back for him, but we need him for clearing out the roads and rebooting generators with a bit of lightning.” She paused. “You know I want to get in to check on those kids just as much as you do, but you have to remember. Tony would have built a panic room that’s packed with enough food for years. And Friday was built for the exact purpose of taking care of children, with or without the help of nannies. They’ll be fine until we can figure a way inside.”
Slowly, Wade put his gun away, and took the notebook. He wondered, thinking maybe it was a trick, that this woman planned to escape while he was distracted by whatever this was. But the author had just sat down again, both hands tapping away at the keys once more. So he flicked the notebook open.
He gave Jarvis the order to go speed up, and went supersonic. Then, a missile came in and he deployed the flares. Things just got worse from there, the jets opening gun fire on him, and he had to deploy flaps and cling to the bottom of one of the jets.
“Okay,” Weasel said, frowning as he got up. “Not exactly the plot of Beauty and the Beast, but cool. You get the advantage since the douche thinks you’re dead. That’s the good news. Bad news is, with a face like that, you’ll still be spotted.”
“And finally,” the last teacher said. “I'm Mrs. Warren, the Physics teacher, and my group will be Gwen Stacy, Edward Leeds, Peter Parker, and Harry Osborn.”
A teacher noticed them at that point, and they’d both been taken to the main office. Flash had to see Morita, but Peter had to go see the school psychologist.
“I know you're hiding more than files,” Tony mused as he looked around. “Hey, J, give me an IR scan of the room, real quick.”
“You sound like you’re talking from experience,” Deadpool said, chuckling as he followed him. “Got another merc you’re hanging out with?”
When he arrived, he had kind of expected Steve and Sam to still be there and the Soldier to still be out on the couch. HExcept, Sam and Steve weren't there, and Barnes was up and walking around, searching the kitchen for something.
Finally done! Okay, here is the Civil War chapter! I'm sorry it took so long, but it actually hurt to write the second half of this. I mean, it physically hurt. Now I understand why my best friend calls me evil... Anyway, enjoy!
"No, I'm- Well, yes. I guess I am. I mean, that's what Savvy always says, but I promise! Everything will work out in the end! Here, just…"
Wade hummed as he sat on top of the free way. A radio was set beside him, a lovely song about big butts playing beside him. He was drawing a doodle of Francis, adding Deadpool cutting off his head. With a snicker, Wade set the drawing aside, looking off to one side.
Before Steve could even register what Tony was saying, the console beeped, signalling a call from a Dr. Cho.
Steve frowned. “Right…” He shook his head, pointing over his shoulder to the hallway that lead to the bedrooms. “I'm going to get cleaned up. Peter gone?”
“Look at you,” Obie said, forcing a smile. He glanced at Peter, who puffed up his cheeks and tried to look bigger. “Hey, what a surprise.”
"But the serum will heal you," Tony found himself saying. "Or, there's surgery. You're going to heal."
“You know what?” Tony asked as Obadiah led him off to the side. “I was naive before, when they said ‘here’s the line, we don’t cross it. This is how we do business.’ If we’re double-dealing under the table… Are we?”
“Like olives,” Peter insisted, though he followed when he walked towards a small time with spreads of crackers and cheese.
Steve was about to tell him no, that it was to risky. But then he saw the female Maximoff behind Thor. She lifted her hands, and Steve could see the spark of red mist at her fingertips.
"Tony," Steve said, lifting his arm to reach out, only to hiss as sharp pin pricks of pain flared up from his elbow to his fingertips. "Tony. Is he…?"
“What?” Peter squaked, and shook off Wades hand when he grabbed him, fixing the reporter with a hard gaze. “My father is a
“Peter’s been helping, so we already have everything,” Clint said, waving Tony off. “Nat's hiding it on her floor. But we need Steve distracted on the Fourth, at least until dusk, so we can set up everything.”
At some point during the exchange, the others had left, including Carol. Changing the subject, Tony explained how Carol had found him just in time. How she had gotten a signal from some old pager or something and found the ship he was on as he was on the brink of death. He owed Carol his life.
Wade actually took a second to think about it. While helping Tony and the other Avengers was fun, sometimes, and it would make Peter happy to see him really turn around… But he really did only take a second. Sure, he had tried being a part of the Avengers team, and he was basically family there, he wasn’t really… a team guy. Wade honestly liked going out and kicking ass to get the little bads off the streets and away from the good people who couldn’t defend themselves.
Wade laughed. He full on laughed, a true and genuine laugh. It was refreshing, a weight lifted from his shoulders, now that Peter was there to stand by his side. Tears pricked at the corner of his eyes, and he took a deep breath, blinking them away.
“Now we’re finally getting somewhere!” He cheered, beaming as he turned to look down at the underpass bellow. “Target approaching~ The plot is gonna progress, and on my POV after another six months! Gosh, the event timeline sure is confusing. Oh well!”
are a team. And we’ll be a team for a long time, so we won't keep any secrets. Not anymore. So we’ll lay everything out on the table now, before we land. And when we get back to the Tower, we’ll tell Peter that you’re officially going to be his Pops, okay?”
“Pepper,” Tony said, trying to sound as bright and cheerful as possible when she answered. “Pep, darling, godmother of my child-”
“It’s nothing, just a little snag.” He reached up, pulling out the original reactor. “There’s a loose wire under this device. And it’s contacting the socket wall and causing a little bit of a short.” He snapped it out. He didn’t have much time before Peter came back.
Wedging his feet into his at home crocs, Wade went to his room to ditch his equipment and lay down. He had had a rough day, getting annoyed by crooks and confused hentchmen during his search for Francis. Sure, his run in with Spiderman, his literal hero, had been a pretty cool thing, but even if there was icing on a turd, it was still a turd. And to make it worse, it was the one year marker since he’d seen Peter in person. He’d seen him in the security cameras in Tony’s lab, and he stalked the kid way more then he should, but he hadn’t… He was never close enough that Peter could see him, or that he could just wrap the boy up and hold him and never let go.
“It's the Fourth of July,” Tony said, a brow raised. “You know, Independence Day, your birthday, fireworks in the sky?”
“What now?” the racoon asked from where he was perched on Thor’s shoulder. “We can’t fly to your mansion, so how we gonna get there?”
For a second, Steve only stared at him. Then, he sat down and they talked everything out. They agreed no more secrets, and they told each other whatever skeletons they still had in their closets. They told each other everything, from the smallest white lie to the biggest falsehood. Steve really didn’t like what he cooked. Tony didn’t think that Steve had the greatest singing voice. Steve did mind when Tony spent days on end in the lab. Tony hated the way Steve jumped headlong into a fight without thinking. Steve had seen his 70 year sleep repeated in his vision. Tony had seen everyone die when he could have done more.
Tony could only stare, his brain seeming to stop working. Steve was… proposing. Steve was on one knee, with a ring, asking Tony to marry him. The same ring that Tony had in his hand. The one of a two of a kind ring that the jeweler had said there had only one available. Which meant that Steve had bought his ring before Tony had. And
It went about as well as Wade had expected. Steve asked him tense questions, eyeing him like a patriotic eagle, and Tony mostly just talked with Peter. It was still weird to think that Peter was the son of Tony Stark, billionaire and Iron Man, and now the stepson of Steve Rogers, World War Two vet and Captain America. And here he was, mercenary for hire, Wade Wilson.
“You don't like it,” Tony said suddenly, making Steve jump. “You didn't mean something like this when you asked me out to dinner. You're- I mean, I didn't mean to assume you were interested in me like that, but I had hoped and-”
He trailed off, leaving Tony to raise a brow. Steve wasn't one to hesitate. He was good at acting on instinct, acting quick and fast, and saying what he meant when he meant it. Even though it had hurt, Tony knew that Steve hadn't even hesitated when he had slammed the shield into the Iron Man reactor. So why was he hesitating now?
“Where is he?” Wade asked, both girls snapping up to look at him. The new girl reeled back, face screwed up in surprise and disgust, and Gwen went wide eyed. “Where’s Peter?”
Wade ignored him, groaning as he got up to grab a bottle of Jack Daniels. “The only way to fix this is to find Francis. He fucked up my face so I’ll make him fix this butterface.”
What wasn't fun was that they were attacked. And then getting blown up with his own shrapnel bomb. And
She got up and walked off, and Peter and the three other teens sat awkwardly in their circle. Peter glance around, then to the large box that had been left by Mrs. Warren. He was the first to move, and tentatively opened the box.
That Wednesday had seemed promising, as they got to less then an hour before Steve was supposed to meet Tony in the garage. But, Tony had gone on a run with Peter and Bilgy and some guy had tried to purse snatch Peter's backpack while they were resting in a park. The two Starks had ended up spending three hours explaining to the police why, no, they can't just take the leather jacket away from Bilgy. I know it's evidence, but do you really wanna try and take it away from a 1000 pound Bilgesnipe that's basically a puppy?
“Yeah,” Steve said as he pushed himself off the wall into a standing position. “I'm going to head down to Bucky's floor. Sam said that he had a movie he wants us to watch.”
“Shit!” He hissed as he was forcefully bounced off the force field of the Hydra base they were going after in Russia. They were mostly sure that Loki's scepter was inside, somewhere, and they needed it back.
The hanger was in complete disarray. Someone must have been trying to move one of the Wakanan planes when they disappeared, because there had been some kind of crash. The Quinjet lay in the rubble, useless.
When he arrived in Gulmira, it was a slaughter. Men were dragged to a slaughter wall. Women and children were forced to watch. He arrived just before one could be shot. He knocked three men away, turning to find five more holding hostages. Woman, teenagers, children, even a baby. He lowered his gauntlets, letting the targeting system take them all out.
Thinking fast, he managed to set off the flares, blinding Stane and ducking out of view. Think, he thought, though an idea came quickly.
Wade sucked in a breath, standing up straight to meet Peter head on. He didn’t know what to say. Should he apologize? Yes, yes definitely that? But when he opened his mouth, Peter spoke.
“I get why you didn’t tell me,” Peter said, voice soft, and god, everything about Peter seemed soft now… “You didn’t want me to worry.”
“Yes,” Thor sighed, sounding almost like a kicked puppy. “I'm not even sure what country Jane's in. Her work on the convergence has made her the world's foremost astronomer. There's even talk of Jane getting a... um, uh... Nobel prize.”
“We have enhanced in the field,” Steve called back. “Tony, we really need to get inside. Got anything?”
“Yeah,” Peter said, stepping forward into Wade’s space, their chests almost touching. “Now… let’s get that mask off.”
Tony had been hoping that after they'd taken down Hydra SHIELD, he would have the courage to ask Steve out. Instead, he was busy working, distracting Wade, and trying go think of a good time to ask Steve on a date.
“Ah, Tony,” he practically laughed. “When I ordered the hit on you, I worried that I was killing the golden goose.” He reached into a bag off to the side, pulling out a device that he put against the arc reactor. “But, you see, it was just fate that you survived that. You had one last golden egg to give.”
Oh! Now Peter remembered. She was the daughter of one of the police officers that didn't like his dad… He seemed to like Steve, though, and had thanked Steve personally after the Battle of New York. It might have just been some hero worship, though… Mr. Stacy didn't seem to fond of other heroes…
The fight had been crazy. Really, Tony was getting tired just thinking about it. They had everyone there, and Wade Wilson had even showed up. They didn’t even lose anybody! Well, except for Bruce, since the Hulk had taken a quinjet and just… ollie-outied. Natasha took it pretty hard. Thor left afterwards, something about finding the rest of the stones, and having to say goodbye to Jane to.
Tony smiled, and turned to Steve. Steve looked back, smiled, and they went down the stairs together as Nat went to get some champagne.
Deadpool, on the other hand, seemed to have other ideas. He sucked in a breath of horror, and looked between the spot the guy had escaped from and Tony. His head whipped back and forth, and Steve wondered if his neck would snap. But, it wasn’t the neck that did.
Bruce came in next, but had to leave as soon as he saw Tony since he started going green. Thor got intercepted on the way down, and led the Hulk out so Tony didn’t accidentally die by green fist instead of, well, a chest full of carnations. Which left… Steve.
Tony wants to say something, tell Steve that they’re having this talk here and now, but he hears the beep of Friday’s final installation, and knows that it’s time to go.
Finally, Thanos emerged from the little house. The purple giant walked, slowly, in simple farming clothes. Still, Tony could see the gauntlet on his hand, but it shone with the light of only one stone. He must have hidden the stones, to keep them safe. They'd have to find them later, but it would make this fight all the easier.
“I’m fine,” Tony said as he hid the flowers in the cloth. “Just a chest cold. Did you need something, Steve?”
HAMMER: Absolutely. I’m no expert. I defer to you, Anthony. You’re the wonder boy. Senator, if I may. I may well not be an expert, but you know who was the expert? Your dad. Howard Stark. Really a father to us all, and to the military-industrial age. Let’s just be clear, he was no flower child. He was a lion. We all know why we’re here. In the last six months, Anthony Stark has created a sword with untold possibilities. And yet, he insists it’s a shield. He asks us to trust him as we cower behind it. I wish I were comforted, Anthony, I really do. I’d love to leave my door unlocked when I leave the house, but this ain’t Canada. You know, we live in a world of grave threats, threats that Mr Stark will not always be able to foresee. Thank you. God bless Iron Man. God bless America.
With that, Tony turned, walking pulling Peter with him to go find Obie- No, Obadiah. The man had been strange since he returned, and if Tony was right… He could never be Obie again. He was outside, still, with reporters pushing camera’s in his face.
For a moment, Deadpool was oddly quiet. Peter frowned, turning to look at him, only to find him sitting down on the edge of the roof already. He followed, sitting beside the merc and wondering what was going through his masked friends head.
Thankfully, Pepper agreed, leaving to go cool off and taking Peter with her. As much as Tony loved his son, he needed a moment. However, within an hour, he had forgotten the deal, making some fixes to the armor. When she returned, without Peter, he looked up.
Rhodes, thankfully, didn’t argue. The man was off, going for the heart of the city, while Steve led the others towards the hangers. Already, he could see the devastation that Thanos’ plan had brought. Women screamed at small piles of dust on the ground, while men argued and were already fighting one another. Children wondered, crying and calling for parents who may never come.
Tony gave up on talking with her, now having the factory in sight. He dived, as Stane opened fire on him. They crashed, through cement parking lot, then through the wall of the lab. They ended up on the street, cars blaring horns.
Not even five minutes later, the tub was nearly empty of water. He had lost the bar of soap somehow. And when the hell did a rubber duck get in his pants? Peter kept splashing, and Tony was wide awake now. God, he had been wrong. Not a piece of cake. Peter was a water
“Wow Peter,” Harry said as they were walking in. “Haven’t seen you this excited since we saw Avengers Tower. Fan of my Dad, to?”
Steve spends an hour after Tony took the arm kinda just… waiting. Sam stayed, just to make sure Steve didn't get jumped if he let his guard down. Honestly, Steve thought he was overreacting. It didn't seem like Bucky was going to hurt anybody, though it could just be that his arm being removed had drained him.
“Hold him!” Tony shouted, just barely holding on to the metal arm that seemed to spasm. “Something's wrong! This shouldn't hurt him!”
"Uh," Peter said, as eloquent as ever. "What happened? One minute I was on Titan, talking to my dad, and the next I was here in my bed."
"Just tell me what I want to know," the man said, voice tense. He had come a long way for this information, and he wasn't going to let it slip away now, just because this guy wanted to run from his past.
He pulled his hand away, and dread instantly fell over him. In his hand was splatters of blood. And in that blood was a mix of white and red flower petals.
He watched the fight, his body slowly getting chills as he looked for Steve in the crowd. Where was the blond? Had he been hurt? Tony wasn't sure what he would do if he lost Steve. He… he wasn't sure he could raise the twins alone, after losing Peter.
“See,” he said to Steve, trying to joke. “It's only been 29 hours! That's shorter then I'm normally down there, and Peter makes sure I eat- wait, Peter's started lessons again? It's Monday?”
Tony would later admit that he legitimately forgot about the surprise party. Though he denied it for several weeks afterword, everyone saw the way he jumped when the elevator door had opened for everyone to shout ‘surprise’ only for the majority of Steve's party guests to cover their eyes at the way Steve had Tony pinned to the wall while Tony's legs had been around Steve's waist.
He wondered for a moment, bumping into a few people, getting ugly and annoyed looks. He didn't know anyone here, and a lot of the other teens seemed to know at least one other person. Even though everyone was together in the room, Peter felt so… isolated.
Reaching up, he pulled the ring off his finger, the cool metal feeling like it burned as he did, and set the ring on the chopping stump. “Why don’t you take that back until you feel like you can trust me to do what I think is right.”
An arm wrapped around his waist from behind, pulling his flush against rock hard abs that sent shivers up his spine most nights. “Hey,” Steve said, pressing gentle kisses that made his skin feel like it was on fire to the back of Tony’s neck. “Bruce said you were looking for a Super Soldier.”
. Never before had Steve's urge to hit someone been so strong. Once again, Wilson had foiled their one chance at fixing everything.
“I asked Dad if I could try being normal at school,” Peter explained, heading for the fridge. “So he organized with Principal Morita for me to be registered under my mothers last name, so only he knows who my dad is.”
He had become quite close with the others, and he was even cleared for training. There would be a while before he was cleared for the field, but it was a step in the right direction. The Winter Soldier wasn't going to be a force for evil anymore.
A pained look spread across Tony's face. The rest of the team in the room quickly vacated the room, Natasha carefully placing Susan in Tony's lap. Tony turned to look down at their little girl, soothing her little head of blond locks.
“Baby Boss,” Friday said, drawing his attention away from the holograms. “Boss is arriving via Iron Man. Touch down in the pent house in about two minutes.”
Steve dropped his head forward, pressing their foreheads together. They didn't say anything for a moment, and eventually, the twins began to squirm, and they had to separate. Tony took a step back, using one hand to reach up and rub away the tears that had started to form.
He tossed the smashed helmet to Tony, who looked up at his old father figure. Never again, he thought, however, as Stane joined him on the center of the roof.
His old friend gave him an odd look, but followed him back to the jet. He let a calm settle over him, because he knew that he would never let the vision become reality.
“Dad,” Peter’s voice breathed from behind him, and Tony whipped around to watch in absolute horror as his son walked on dragged feet as Chitauri Leviathans flew in swarms over head. “Dad,” Peter said again, as he fell, Tony rushing to his side. “Why didn’t you do more?”
When Bucky finally did come to, Steve hadn’t even noticed. Bucky had just been still, not even moving as he lay on the couch, just… staring at the ceiling. It was actually quite unnerving.
Bucky didn’t say anything. He had seemed to have tired himself out with his fighting, and had resigned himself to sitting on the opposite end of the cell from the window that Steve was sitting by. Steve sighed again, not sure what else to say.
The twins are distracting much of the team at the moment, those that had nothing to do but wait. Steve couldn't blame the team for taking every distraction they could. There was nothing they could do, after all…
Wade was more then a little pleased after his first official meeting with Spiderman. He was glad that he got the chance to meet his hero, even if it was two years after the first time he saved him. Man, time sure was flying for them. If he was a different man, Wade would probably be upset with how little screen time if felt like he was getting, but he’d let it slide because he loved his treat of meeting Spiderman.
The wind blew through the bare streets in a city in Russia. A hooded figure stands hidden in shadow, speaking in hushed tones to a young man that leaned on the wall around the corner.
Tony did more testing after that, over the next week or so. Peter continued his routines, now adjusted for lessons and reading to take place in the sectioned off area of the lab. Friday was mainly in charge of Peter, for that time, though Tony made sure to keep an eye on him even as he was testing out the suit.
“Tony,” Wade managed to say, his voice sounding far off and muffled to his own ears. “Don’t tell Peter.”
“Oh,” Wade says as he clenches his fists. “I’m gonna rip his mother fucking…” A phone began to ring, and Wade pointed at the messy table. “Find it.”
As they sat in the lab, trying to figure out what to eat for dinner, the news playing in the background, Tony noticed the party. It was being held under his name…
His face was so serious, Tony couldn’t help but laugh, pressing his forehead to the top of Peter’s mess of hair as he did. That’s how Obie found them, Peter looking confused but serious and Tony laughing his ass off.
The boy giggled the entire time that Tony spent drying him off. He grinned at him, and Tony couldn’t help but smile back. Then, he sent him off the go get dressed, while Tony showered himself. He watched Peter scurry off, wrapped in a big, fuzzy towel three times his size, and then went to take a sip out of his coffee cup. Bad idea.
STARK: It’s a high-tech prosthesis. That is… That is… That’s actually the most apt description I can make of it.
Once Peter was finished thanking everyone, and after a few more rounds of games, his friends made there way home while he helped clean up. When his pops asked if he had a good birthday, Peter just grinned.
Then there was a hiss, and it wasn’t emotions tightening Peter’s chest. He tried to breathe, the air being sucked out of his lungs as he tried to think. He could hear the two men talking, but he couldn’t hear what was being said as his ears started ringing. Then, with a strange cracking sound, Peter could breathe again. He looked down, finding one of Wade’s katanas embedded in the glass by his wrist.
Peter saw Deadpool again fairly frequently after that first meeting. It was always late at night, and at first just a few hello’s before they parted ways, but it soon became a bit of a tradition for Peter to sit on top of a roof near the alley they first met for Deadpool and then talk for a while. Hell, Deadpool even started joining him on patrol as they just talked about their days or whatever.
“Having a burger,” Tony said as he looked at Peter, who he held to his hip with his good arm. “Could you hold the bag, my little angel?”
“I already told you Mr. Stark,” the doctor said, scowling at him. “I can’t tell you. You aren’t on Mr. Wilson’s list of people I can tell. In fact, he doesn’t have a list. I can’t share the details of his case with anyone but those working on it.”
“But it is you’re parents we’re talking about,” Gwen hummed. “But MJ, did you think about how Peter would feel? Maybe he doesn’t want a baby sibling.”
They were heading out as a team, as they had tracked Ultron’s possible location to a salvage yard on the African Coast. There was a man named Ulysses Klaue that had some of Wakandan’s trade goods. Tony apparently knew about this guy. And, he apparently knew someone in Wakanda who could come help them. Steve hadn’t known anything about this, and Tony had agreed to stay behind to make some calls while the rest of them went out.
The others all laughed their agreements, and Tony carefully removed himself from his spot between Steve and the elevator wall. He straightened his clothes, running a hand through his hair as he peered at Steve.
He blinked, reached for the phone, then thought better of it. If everything was going to end, if his dad was that worried, he’d call. Like the last… three times? It was three now, right? Because there was the Mandarin, two years ago, then the Chitauri before that, and Whiplash before that. So three. If his dad was really in trouble, he’d call.
Peter snickered, bouncing on his toes. There was something… different about his dad. Something his dad wasn't telling him. He should probably be concerned that his dad was keeping secrets again, but he trusted his dad. Everything would be fine.
“I really think you should see a doctor,” Steve said. “Maybe they can give you something to make it a bit easier.”
“Tony’s got to have his reasons. Besides, outing someone’s secret identity without permission is kinda a dick move, you know, Stevie?”
Tony could feel the jab, and he swung the axes a little harder as his heart felt like it was being crushed. He decided then, that he wanted to tell Steve about his vision. Steve needed to know, so he could understand. “We don’t know what Maximoff showed him. It could have been important.” He paused, about to continue, but Steve interrupted before he could.
“I never had a taste for this sort of thing,” Obadiah said with a smirk, crushing Tony’s helmet like a tin can. “But I must admit, I’m deeply enjoying the suit!”
“The wall to your left,” Jarvis replied, nearly instantly. “I’m reading steel reinforcement and an air current.”
Wade was surprised when Peter called him to say his fathers were okay with them. He was suspicious. It was almost to good to be true. But they let him come over and have dinner with them.
“Then I want to call in a friend of mine,” Tony snapped. “Personal doctor. Stephen Strange. He’ll take care of Wade and-”
“Why didn't you call someone?” Peter asked, doing his best to gently scrape the bowl off his hand and into the sink without breaking it. It was during this that he noticed the underside of his forearms had gained a red rash of some kind. “And when did I get this rash?”
"They believe that the creator of the universe exists outside our reality," the hooded man said. "They think that if they can tear a hole in reality itself, they can join the creator. And they try to do that by setting off atomic bombs in their own faces. Never gotten the chance to try, but with the way the world is, it might only be a matter of time."
I hope all of you enjoyed it as much as I did, and I hope, for those of you who are following my works, new and old, will enjoy… whatever it is that I post next! It's been a fabulous two years, and let's hope whatever big project I have next for Steve and Tony (or Wade and Peter) is just as fun.
For a moment, Yensin said nothing. He looked at Tony curiously, frowning ever so lightly. Tony was having a major freak out and all Yensin did was stare at him. He was horrified with his own actions. If he continued this way, Peter could end up as bad as him… God, the only thing he probably did right was make Friday! Friday was like Peter’s Jarvis, and Jarvis was… Jarvis was Tony’s life line…
“My dad is out of country,” Peter says before principal Morita can say anything. “You’ll have to call my aunt, or my uncle. Probably my uncle. My aunt is probably in a meeting.”
He took the arc reactor with shaking hands, and managed to fit it into his chest. For a minute, he blacked out, feeling weak and off center, and oh so
“Marry me.” Steve’s voice, this time, was desperate, his face covered in that same desperation and in his hand a silver band with a trio of tiny little diamonds at the head. A silver band that was tasteful, elegant, but not tacky, and entirely identical to the one in Tony’s own hand.
"I always knew you were insane," Steve snapped, arms crossed as he grit his teeth. "Never should have trusted you. You're nothing but trouble!"
A little startled, Steve looked up from where he was sifting through his things. Most of it was, by request, still in the boxes they’d been in before being sent to the Tower. He hadn’t really been expecting Sam to pick up on the subtle things he might have done, just being around Tony. Sure, he probably got a little closer then he had needed to at some points, but that didn’t mean they had a sort of… thing. No, Sam couldn’t know.
Steve hummed as he sat at the table for breakfast. It was a nice spring morning, and even though Bucky had been gone for three months, he was feeling pretty good. A little lonely, but good. And, honestly, could he be blamed for being just a little lonely? While he and Tony loved each other, he did like going outside and getting exercise. Tony couldn’t keep up with him, getting on in years, already in his forties, and Peter, as energetic as he was, was only human and had school to worry about. Without Thor gone, and now Bucky, there weren’t any Avengers that got up early enough for him to exercise with.
He didn't say a word throughout the entire trip. In fact, he ignored what little conversation there was. Tony did listen when the others discussed their plans, though. It was a terribly simple plan, but Tony was set to join the flanking team. He didn't argue, and just remained in his seat.
They went out to do something together every other week, and Wade would come to the Tower once a month to have dinner with them. That was the plan, anyway. Sometimes, Wade would disappear on a job. Show up a few days later. Peter always worried.
“Friday,” Tony said instead, humming to himself as he put Peter down. “Clear his schedule for the rest of the day- No, the rest of the week, at least. And get me a carseat, to. Also, tell the nannies they won't be needed anymore.”
Before Peter could really fall apart, he was sitting on the couch again, his dad and pops on either side as Weasel set the box down on the coffee table.
But even as he was remembering everything in great fondness, his eyes remained on Steve, fighting like he was meant to. Because he did have a few regrets. He wished he had kissed Steve, at least one last time, and had given him back the shield. He should have done it, ages ago. He wished he had used that burner phone months ago, to tell Steve that he had been right. If he had, then maybe they could have stopped Thanos together. Maybe they would have won the first time around. If not, well… at least they would have been together, as a family.
Steve had barely held back from punching him, and instead locked Wade in the newly vacant cell. The blond was now back in place, pacing and demanding answers from Wade like he had done to Thanos. Tony wasn't sure that Steve could get any answers from Wade. They had never really gotten along, even when they had been trying for Peter's sake.
“I’ll tell you about it,” he continued. “On the way to Tony’s tower. We’re going to make you better. Hydra isn’t going to hurt you anymore. My team- me and Tony and Nat and a ton of others- will help you through this, okay?”
The man, Clint’s brother, stepped out of a corner, wiping his hands on his pants. He turned to give Clint a loose hug, then turned to look at the team.
Both Ned and Mary Jane frowned at each other, and before Steve could stop them, they were heading up the steps to the front door of the mansion.
Wade sucked in a breath. His heart stopped. Peter. They were going to go after Peter, and they were gonna hurt his boy. Oh God, he’d been keeping his distance from him, and now he was going to be the reason Peter died!
Peter smiled, moving to hug Bucky, and squeezed a little when the man returned it. They went back into the living room, and Peter watched as his friends started asking Bucky questions. Well, Ned, Liz, and Gwen asked questions. Harry had met Bucky a few times at various gala’s and charities, after all, so he guessed that things with Harry wouldn’t be to different.
“I’ll be right up,” Tony said, lifting up the flight stabilizer. Peter quickly scurried off into his protective space, though he left the door open.
Steve walked up to the small group huddled together in one corner of the helicarrier. It had been done quite subtly, but when he and Tony had started fighting, the team had split down the middle. Sam, Bucky, and Clint, had sided with Steve, become a sort of ‘Team Cap’, while Natasha, Rhodes, and Bruce had sided with Tony. Thor, of course, had been an unofficial neutral party, not really understanding what was going on.
She tossed the flash drive onto the desk, causing Tony to flinch at the clank. He didn’t know what came over him. Peter… Peter would always come first. It was Peter, then he mission. As she turned to walk away, she spoke quickly.
“Well keep ‘Lucky’ away from Bilgy! I'm not cleaning up if Bilgy turns your service animal into a chew toy!”
“Okay,” Rhodey said, sounding a little distracted, and oh, that can’t be good. “Good, cause I’m staring at one right now and it’s about to be blown to kingdom come.”
Peter glared at the ground as he sat on the cold metal of the scrapped Helicarrier. It had been nearly three hours since he had been taken, hands zip tied to a pipe above his head and mouth closed with a stip of duck tape. He was cold, and tired, and he didn’t even know why he was being held yet.
But there was also Sam. He was a good guy, helping them out even though he barely knew them. Steve had been thinking about adding him to the team officially. Rhodes was pretty much part of the team, so why not Sam? They could use another ariel fighter aside from Iron Man.
“I haven’t even heard of him,” Ned said, and Peter had to hold back a laugh. Ned was such a chill and laid back guy. It was pretty funny sometimes.
"Alright," Steve said, looking around at all those at the table. Everyone was there, from Coulson and Clint's group, to all those who had participated in the fight against Thanos in Wakanda, and even Carol. "Now that everyone is here, we can get this meeting underway."
, while passing him in the hallway. Steve had been planning to leave while Tony had still been asleep.
“How about no,” Deadpool said, and Steve could see the muscles in the man’s legs tense in preparation for a jump.
Suddenly, Peter looked up and it was like a spell had been broken. He turned slightly, as if to look at Wade, and he felt a sudden wave of dread. Wade hurried away towards the bathroom as Peter’s new girl friend said something.
“Peter?” Steve asked, going tense as he reached down and grabbed Wade by the front of his suit. “What do you know about Peter?”
When they pulled up to the press conference, Obie opened the door for him. He had Peter move to the center seat for a moment, then turned to reach in and pick Peter up. Now, with the knowledge that Peter hadn’t eaten much while he was gone, he felt painfully light. Everyone was silent as he turned, Happy bringing over the bag.
“Yeah,” Harry hummed. “Dr. Connors is head of that area. He’s doing some sort of thing with spiders and lizards. Not exactly sure what.”
Now, he was half limping as he followed Clint up a set of stairs to a farmhouse in the middle of nowhere. Tony squirmed in his own skin, practically feeling all the lowtech vibes coming after him. Everything was calling to be upgraded, and his sleep deprived fingers itched to upgrade.
He didn't hate Wade. Really, he didn't. He may not like Wade, but he didn't hate him. Steve just hated, that even with everything, Wade had been more devoted to Peter then Steve had been to Tony. He hated how, when the pressure was high, Wade had done everything he could to get back to Peter. Or to avenge him. And Steve… Steve hadn't been able to do that. When things had gone sour, Steve had clung to Bucky, the last reminder of his past, as went kicking and punching, instead of even trying to talk.
Once it was complete, he pulled it on and looked at himself in the mirror. He didn't look to bad, and if he was being completely honest with himself, he actually thought the suit looked pretty good. Considering that he was a fourteen year old in a skin tight suit, anyway. He needed to get some pictures. And get out of the house. He hadn't seen Aunt Pep in a while…
“Right…” Pops sighed, leaning back in his chair as he picked up his own mug. “What about you. Why are you still up?”
“Access denied,” the AI said, sounding oddly… monotone. “Emergency Lockdown in progress. Proper key required.”
“I’m sorry, Mr. Stark,” Christine said with a hand raised in the air. “But do you honestly expect us to believe that that was a bodyguard in a suit that conveniently appeared despite the fact that you-”
“You’re going to kill yourself, Tony,” She said. “And I’m not going to be a part of it. I’m taking Peter, and I’m leaving.”
“I’m the reason he was taken, Captain Rogers,” Wade said, swallowing as he looked up at Steve. “It’s- It’s me, Wade Wilson, and I’ll explain later, but we only have until ten. Please, you need to call the Avengers and-”
“Peter,” Aunt Pepper said with a bright smile. “What a pleasant surprise! I haven't heard from you in a while. Happy said you were sick, but I never got the chance to check on you. Things have just been so busy.”
“I didn't know her, Peter,” was the sullen reply. “And I wish that I had just so I could tell you everything you want to know. But I don't and I'm sorry, Peter. I just don't know anything else about her that I haven't already told you.”
Darcy came with news, though. Already, the city was dissolving into chaos. To many high ranking people had been dusted in public, and King T’Challa was nowhere to be seen. The citizens were in a panic, trying to find their leader, their loved ones, and anyone that could help them. Steve wanted to help, really, he did, but they weren’t equipped to deal with things like this. Steve, aside from his days doing USO shows, wasn’t well equipped with public speaking. Natasha and Bruce weren’t either, with Natasha being  a spy and Bruce being… Bruce. Thor was an okay option, if only for the fact that he was royalty and knew how to give orders, but Rhodes seemed like the best bet, since he had done damage control for Tony.
Before Steve could argue, Thor was opening the bifrost, and they were suddenly pulled through the universe and appearing in front of Avengers Tower in New York. For a moment, all Steve can do is stare. Even though the snap had happened just over an hour before, the city was in chaos. There were screams and gunfire, and people running through the streets.
"No," Steve sighed, bending to pick up Johnny when the little blond made little grabby hands for him from the floor. "He won't talk. Only said we couldn't get the other stones without the one Wilson took. What about on your end?"
Gwen was kind of weird to talk to, though. For whatever reason, she didn't talk to him the way she talked to Harry or Ned. She was a bit quieter, almost shy, though she always smiled when Peter asked if he could take a picture. She seemed happy to let him take her picture, but always more enthusiastic then Harry or Ned were. Maybe she was just photogenic?
“We’ll make it out,” Tony said, closing his hand the ring. He used his other hand to reach forward and cup Steve’s face, gently leaning forward to press a kiss to his lips. “We’ll make it out, and we’ll talk.”
Instead, he started to cry. Tears spilled from his eyes, and he could hear Steve’s voice in his ears as a buzzing noise. Tony was going to die, and he couldn’t even tell Steve what he really meant to him. How Tony valued his approval, but not enough that he obsessed over it, or how Tony loved to see him laugh. He couldn’t tell Steve how he wanted nothing more then to Steve smile at him, just once, before he went.
“No,” Steve says, voice sharp and hand fisting into his pocket. “I need to say this, need to show you-”
But as the day went on, and Wade’s phone was dinging with messages from Peter, he really felt his chest ache.
“Been awhile since I was in front of you,” he said, holding up to cards. “I figure I’ll stick to the cards this time.” They laughed, Tony cleared his throat. “There’s been speculation that I was involved in the events that occurred on the freeway and the rooftop-”
“Peter,” his best friend groaned. “Wade’s probably just busy. I mean, it’s not like he’s avoiding you or planning on breaking up with you.”
“Hey Pete,” his dad said, almost giddy as he came inside to be met by his son. “It's only been a week, but it feels like forever.”
“I just want to sit down with him and have a nice dinner!” Steve sighed as he settled onto his now regular spot on Bucky’s couch. It had been a fairly quick transition from ‘deadly assassin’ to ‘awkwardly over informed acquaintance’, and they were now leveled out to make a slow but steady transition to friends again. “It’s like the universe is trying to keep us apart.”
“This would apply to Spiderman and Deadpool,” Pepper insisted. He knew she hated that he was associated with the ‘Merc with a Mouth’ Deadpool, even under the radar, but Tony had always pushed the concern away. But as she said that, Tony found a new interest in the letter in his hands.
“So,” Steve said when he came in. He stood to lean against the table of the conference room, looking at Tony with arms crossed.
Instantly, Wade felt his blood begin to boil. “Is he still there? Do you know where he’s going to be?”
“Uh…” Peter blinked, watching as the man came over and started furiously shaking his hand. “Thanks? But… who are you?”
For a moment, his dad seemed to think. “It'll be hard, but we can use your birth certificate to track down information.” His fathers calloused hand came up to smooth back his hair, soothing him. “But I promise, Peter. I'll find out who she was.”
and they were going to get married! They were going to get married, and oh boy was Peter going to be upset that he missed this!
Yay! A chapter out a month after the last! That hasn't happened in a while... Hope you guys like it. I was trying to put more emphasis on what they were feeling emotionally, how they were thinking, but tell me what you guys think! 34 pages and 15,000ish words!
When they arrived, Tony was so on edge that he was starting to squirm. He never squirmed, but that could be because of the seventeen cups of coffee that he had before they arrived. They took one look at him, shared a look, then sat down on the couch.
So guest appearances from Strange AND Wade. And don't worry. Wade will make an appearance in all the chapters from here on out.
Instantly, Tony was turning. He looked at Steve, finding the same look of realization on his face. Thanos' farm on the mountain… They needed to get back to the mountain before the Mad Titan did.
And with that, Ned was on his way to out the door. Peter stood by the couch, the controller forgotten in his hand. He could hear a ringing in his ears as he stared at Weasel, his dad and pops appearing from the hallway. He knew what was coming. He knew what this was, and he was entirely unprepared for it.
Peter helped as Spiderman whenever he could, but was quickly put back in school to finish his senior year. He'd have to take summer school, like a lot of his classmates, but it wouldn't affect his college applications to much.
Tony shook his head, chucking drily. “So far? The first petals were about two weeks ago. And you know who.”
The members of the original team that had been present thankfully survived. Bruce was helping hold Natasha up, even though the two still had so much left unsaid. Thor was there, with the racoon he had brought. Rhodes, thank god, had made it. If there was anyone that could find Tony and Peter, it would be him. Well, maybe Wade could find Peter, but he wasn’t exactly sane right now. Darcy also came, having come from the inner city to see what was happening.
“No,” Peter said, heading for the elevator. “He's busy with all that stuff happening… wherever he is. Dad doesn't need to be bothered with this. I'll run the tests. You help Dad with the murder bot, okay? I’ll call if I need you.”
Quickly, Tony walked to the lab, heading down and setting things up as fast as he could. He didn’t want Peter to see this, and he knew that he wouldn’t leave his side for long. Jarvis would already have the new arc reactor made for him with the schematics he set up in the car on the way over.
Tony and Bruce had been working together on something that they hadn’t told anyone about. Tony hadn’t even told Steve about it. And they had ended up making a fucking
So, first chapter over and done with! This chapter, in Google docs, was 34 pages and has 13530 words. This will be, by far, the longest fic I do, with at least eight chapters planned. For those of you who've read my longer works before, you know what's next!
They spent hours talking, until they got to the very last one. Once everything was finished, they put the ring back on Tony’s finger, and went to tell their respective main friends that everything was just fine.
“No no no no no,” Rhodey said quickly. “The less I know, the better. Now, what am I supposed to tell the press?”
“That’s fine,” Tony said as he pulled the sleepy boy up into his arms. “He can take one in the morning.”
As the reporters sat, Peter opened up the burger, holding it out to him. Tony took it, placing a kiss to Peter’s temple in thanks. Peter didn’t say anything, and Tony reached into the bag to pull out the box of nuggets. He got a smile in return, and watched as Peter shyly ate his nuggets.
When Tony came out, he went to his own room to get dressed himself. A simple pair of jeans and a random band t-shirt would do. He put on a leather jacket and his shoes after a second of thinking. He would go ask Rhodey about his idea today.
But in front of him was an even more horrifying scene. On a mound, cold and lifeless, was everyone he’d ever cared about. The Hulk lay twitching, looking more red then green with wounds and scrapes, Natasha laying on the ground next to him, eyes open and empty of life. Clint, bow still in hand, was scrunched into place where he’d tried to make his last stand, even as he died covered in blood. Thor lay motionless, Rhodey and Pepper leaned up against him, and Steve crumbled just beneath them.
His dad planned everything, of course. With his Pops help, it wasn’t to flashy or shocky, and was moderated to just a few games, cake, and presents. All of the team would be there, and all Peter had to do was plan the rondevu with his friends, so he decided that, since his birthday was on a Friday, he’d just have them come home with him after school.
Tony laughed. “Yeah, well, technically, he hit me. So… Now are you going to come by and see what I’m working on?”
Knowing that he wouldn't get anything done, Tony made his way down stairs to the basement. Just as he had been hours ago, Steve was pacing in front of Wade's cell, clearly near the end of his rope.
“Of course,” Steve said as he stood up straight, stooping for just a second to press a kiss to Tony’s mouth. “We’ll talk later.”
The hooded man turned, ready to continue with how terrible the strange cult was, but found the other now gone. He frowned, confused, but had to let it go when gunshots rang from down the street. Quickly, he ran to find somewhere to hide. He didn't notice the young man walking down the street, seeming more chipper then before.
Steve beamed, struggling to his feet, and leaning in to kiss Tony. He couldn't help but smile, kissing Steve with a hunger he didn't remember having. It had been so long, even if it had only been less then a year. Tony had tasted what it was like to be alone, after nearly five years of marriage. He had missed Steve, and if he was willing to work through whatever problems they had, then Tony was to.
Instantly, Peter was sitting up, actually thinking that over. What if Wade was avoiding him? What if Wade was going to break up with him? It wasn’t like Peter was entirely dependent on Wade. It was just… Wade was Peter’s first boyfriend, and Peter was definitely in love. Or, as in love as a teenager could be. He would be pretty heartbroken if Wade did break up with him but he’d prefer Wade just doing it.
“I could take us there,” Thor pipes up. “Stormbreaker can function as a bifrost. It will be a bit strange, transporting so many, but it should work.”
Steve let his face soften, watching the way Tony’s face crinkled here and there when he smiled or laughed. Tony may be nearly fifteen years older then Steve, but that was only a technicality. And it didn’t matter to Steve, since to him, Tony was the most stunning man he’d ever laid eyes on, with such rich brown eyes, like the coffee that Tony drank every day, and a sparkle that just barely hinted at how mischievous Tony could be.
Tony knelt, picking it up easily. It was old, he could see by the mended seams and neatly replaced patches. And, not only that, but it looked home made. The singled round bubble of a head, on a plump little body with floppy arms. This was a plushie that Tony knew. This was the plushie his Aunt Peggy had made him when he was Peter’s age.
“I know,” Peter said, placing a hand on Wade’s shoulder as he reached back to slowly pull the mask off with the other. “You told me… Spiderman about the scars… And I don’t care. As long as it’s you.”
“He said there was an old boyfriend waiting for you out back,” Gwen said, pursing her lips as his eyes went wide. “He didn’t say any specific names, but… I think you should check it out.”
“The central building is protected by some kind of force field. Strucker’s technology is well beyond that of other Hydra bases we’ve taken.”
When Tony decided to start from scratch, he knew that it meant giving Jarvis up for good. But it had to be done. He needed to make this work this time, make it work for sure. There was no turning back. He had to do this.
“That’s just-” Tony sighed, shaking his head. “Okay, let’s make a deal. You graduate, and I’ll make you gear that only you can use.”
“I fought Thanos on Titan. Had help from this group called the ‘Guardians’. We almost had him, but one guy made a mistake. Thanos… He got the Time Stone and got away. There was nothing we could do. I was… I was the only survivor.”
“I don’t really know what to tell you,” Bucky said, shifting uncomfortably. “But of they can’t get over this, then maybe they don’t deserve you as a friend.”
Tony wasn't sure how long he spent working on the ship, but it was long enough to run through half the food and water rations that was stored in the ship. He used bits of his nano-suit to weld and mend the holes in the hull. Some of them burned out from the process, destroyed and joined with the ship. It didn't bother Tony, though. If it meant that the patch work would be all the stronger.
Barney looked unimpressed. “Well, my wife Laura and the kids are asleep upstairs, so if you guys don’t have anything to do, I’ve got some chores that we need done before winter.”
Tony laughed, reaching back to ruffle Peter’s hair before driving. They went through a Krispy Kreme drive thru, and then went to eat them somewhere for while before heading home. When they walked in, it already growing dark outside. Peter was asleep in his arms, and mumbled as Jarvis welcomed them.
The rash, now that he had noticed it, was starting to itch horribly. So, so terribly itchy. Once he got his phone unstuck from his hand, he started scratching, going to look for some ointment to put on it. He stretched and bend his wrist, rubbing it with one hand, until he heard a soft
Frozen, Steve watched as Coulson and Bruce were charging down the hill towards them. But it didn't take long before the rage was back. He turned before they could pull Tony off the spike, and picked up the blue stone at his feet. With it held tight in his fist, he let out a cry and charged at the man who might have just killed the love of his life.
“We’re almost to the bridges,” Natasha said as she stood to one side, giving him a briefing on their progress. “Thor has cleared a lot of the cars off our major travel roads, and Bruce is doing good on keeping all the data organized. They’re working faster then we thought. We should be able to start edging our way into Queens this evening.”
“Wouldn't pain dampeners be necessary for any kind of thing that connects directly with nerves?” Sam asked as he got up from the floor. “Who would build something that doesn't have dampeners?”
“What?” Francis gasped, actually looking confused. “You fucking idiot. Did you really think there was a cure… for that?”
It caught, sticking quite nicely, and he took hold, pushing off the wall to swing around. It felt awesome, soaring through the air on nearly nothing. He swing around, for a second, then heard the webbing starting to fray, and quickly shot a second, following it off, and Peter soon found himself swinging through New York city. People on the ground would point up at him, oohing and ahhing as he swung past, using the tall buildings as his swinging points.
Practically skipping inside, Tony hums and smiles, wondering what things they could have inside. Something cool that he could take apart with Peter, hopefully. He missed his son, and he was much to bored without their daily father-son experiments. Maybe this secret room had just the thing they needed?
With all the world leaders, policemen, teachers, and civilians that had been snapped back, it didn't take long before cell towers and communications were back online. And what followed, in most first world countries, was a quick crack down on riots and pillaging. The world was quickly put back into order. Or, as close as it could be.
With a sigh mixed with relief and sadness, Tony laid his head back on the wall. One hand came up, gently holding the pouch that hung around his neck.
"You're right," Tony sighed, finally taking Johnny. The toddler wrapped his arms around Tony's neck, but still kept squirming. "You're right. I need a break."
“But I told you,” he continued. “I told you, he couldn’t be trusted! He’s insane. He talks to himself. He
When Peter came to, it was to the sound of his phone ringing. The familiar beat of I Am Iron Man startled him awake, and he nearly fell over when he stood to get the phone. Why had he been on the floor?
Steve lifted his head, turning to find Wilson. The young man was giving him a sharp, unwavering gaze. It was a look Steve was familiar with, not on Wade, but himself. He'd seen pictures, of himself, when he was ready to go into a fight, to fight with everything he had for the ones he loved. And Steve knew that Wilson- that
“Hey!” Tony called out, Peter holding onto suit jacket tightly. “Would it be all right if everyone sat down? Why don’t you just sit down? That way you can see me, and I can… Little less formal then. Pete, can you open this for me?”
He ended up in the back yard with an axe and a massive stack of wood. It was August, but the Barton family apparently needed it all chopped by November. So he swung, feeling so old as his arms ached. He had a small pile of chopped wood set up, but he thought that it was a pretty good amount.
It was a really nice floor, in all honesty. A built in kitchen, a bedroom with everything an ex-brainwashed assassin could ever want, a spare room ready to be used for anything, and the bathroom! Oh boy, the bathroom was fucking awesome. Wide tub, double sprayers, and a steam setting that even Tony was jealous of. It had originally been meant for Tony and Peter, but they reconstruction had gotten the crew a bit mixed up of where the state of the art bathroom was meant to be. The penthouse still had a nice bathroom. Well, two bathrooms. One connected with the master bedroom, and one in the hall.
But then again, why would he? It’s not like Tony ever felt the need to share important things before. It’s not like they were getting married.
“Now hold on,” his dad interrupted. “Me and Steve aren't, you know, together, so calm down. It was to keep from being discovered.”
So, with nothing else to do, Steve spent morning’s sitting on the couch and watching TV until Tony either woke up for them to do their daily training session before going to volunteer at one of his various sites. Currently, he was eating wheaties and watching the news. Just as he finished up, and heard Tony coming out of the bathroom, the news went to live feed.
“Steve,” Tony wheezed, eyes wide as he rushed to check on Steve. He hesitated, slowly reaching out to check for a pulse, but his stomach churned and he wasn’t sure if he could.
“Dr. Connors,” she said, holding up her hands. “You don't have to do this. We can help you, if you let us.”
Steve pursed his lips, nodding. He looked more worried then angry. “Tony, have been working on that arm for nearly 30 hours?”
. What was he going to tell Peter? God, what were they going to do? Well, obviously he was going to help pay for Wade’s bills, but what could be done? Chemo? Some kind of experimental drug? He wasn’t the bio-chem guy with the degrees in squishy sciences. That was Bruce. But Bruce was gone, so what now?
After a moment of smiling at the picture, taking in Wade smiling back at him, Peter set the picture on his bedside table, and finally drifted off to sleep.
Tony took it as a ‘thank you’. “Of course it doesn't hurt. While the old arm was a marvel for its time and creators, there were a few serious flaws. Just that fact that it was missing some key components, particularly the dampeners, should have been driving you crazy with agony. With nothing to lull the nerves at the shoulder until it was taken as a part of you, the neural receptors in your brain would have been firing rapidly even after attachment to tell your brain that it was painful. On a normal person, that would mean the neuron that was reviving and sending that message would eventually be so used and worn, the message would become a background constant in your mind until something brought your attention directly to it. And-”
"You didn't hear it from me," the hooded figure said, glancing back and forth on their stretch of street. "I got out of that crazy cult for a reason. Don't even know why you'd want to know about them."
"Look," the man said, glaring down the street. "I got out of there for a reason. They're crazy and I don't want to blow myself and destroy such a beautiful place. It's not worth it."
Obadiah got up, smiling as he moved around to Tony’s front. He grabbed his face, turning him to look, as he chuckled.
Tony frowned, but he helped Wade out of the hospital, leading him to his car. He could only guess why Wade wanted to go home so quick. He couldn’t blame the kid, but he figured that it would be better to just go along with it.
“You really should wear protective gear, Peter,” MJ said, snapping him out of his thoughts as she pulled her strawberry red hair into a ponytail. She kind of reminded him of Aunt Pepper when she was like that… “You could get really hurt with those stunts you and Harry do.”
“Nah. He can come get me once he’s up,” Tony said as he made it towards Peter’s room, only just then realizing how far it was from his own.
Steve felt his stomach churn, and gave Bucky a quick nod. “Yeah, Buck. Tony’s real good with tech. It’s not gonna hurt you anymore.”
So once they were out, they snuck on a bus, got a little lost on the way, and ended up in New York after two days. Not to bad, Wade had figured as he made sure Bob was coming with him to Weasel's new bar. It was in a shadier part of Manhattan, some place called Hell's Kitchen. It was near the water, by Jersey, and kinda down an alleyway. There was their old plaque from Tennessee; Sister Margaret's School for Wayward Children. It was still the same old plaque, scarred and beaten, and now burned, from the years of mercs running in and out, but it was still as inviting to him as it ever had been.
Quickly, Tony gathered up the bits and prices of the arm, and scurried off to the elevator to get to the lab.
“Yeah?” he yawned, turning to blinkind at the coffee table. There was a cold bowl of soup there, a layer of film forming over the top from sitting out so long. How long had he been out? “What about it?”
He didn't understand why Wade would do it. He didn't understand what the younger man had been thinking. Surely, Wade wanted to see Peter again, just as much as Tony did. So why make it all the much harder?
His friend and ex-girlfriend jumped, looking up at him in surprise. “Tony,” she breathed. “Oh, god… You’re awake…”
“I’m not a good guy, Tony. Seriously, I’m a really bad dude. In the span of three years as a mercenary, I killed at least one person every three weeks. And that's just the confirmed kills that I can take credit for without debate. I do things that Peter would volunteer to do, like protecting someone who doesn’t deserve to die or getting stalkers to back off, for money. You guys, the Avengers, are the family that Peter has, and you have no idea how hard it is feel… good enough for someone as perfect as your son.”
Wade needed to punch something. He needed to kill something. Preferably the back stabbing wild animal that was throwing their world into chaos. But, he supposed a giant purple substitute would do nicely until he could get the reality Stone back.
He wasn’t sure how long he had been in space, but it had to have been a while now. His food and water had run out, and while he couldn’t find an actual fuel gage, he was sure that he was running out of that too. And at the rate he was going… Well, Tony wasn’t liking his chances of getting back to Earth.
Clint shook his head. He seemed… angry. Which was entirely understandable. There had to have been people at that wedding that died in the snap. To have such a beautiful and hopeful day ruined by that?
Instantly, Steve sucked in a breath. Tony could feel him tense, feel every muscle tighten, and could practically hear his heart skip a beat. The blond knew what that meant, Tony was sure, since he wasn't stupid. But he hoped, prayed, that Steve wouldn't ask him to confirm.
She reached for it, still trying to bounce the baby as she opened the letter. And, with Tony panicking and staring dumbly at the red faced baby from as far as he could, she had to. Once it was open, she began to read aloud.
To say Peter was excited would be an understatement. It would the first time he was learning with kids his own again, and it was the first time he'd be away from home without his dad for more then a day. The summer camp was still in the city, but they were sleeping in tents at the Midtown High gymnasium instead of in nature for three weeks
"There's a good number of people who need Steve Rogers more." Reaching out with his good hand, Steve took Tony's hand, running his thumb over where his wedding ring once sat. "I know I messed up. I was wrong, doing what I did. I should have told you, about Bucky and Mary. It wasn't fair to you, or Peter, hiding that, and it broke our vows that me made to each other."
Tony smiled, and turned to walk out as Rhodey introduce him to the crowd. He stepped up to the podium with Peter still in his arms, ever the one to be different, and set him down to stand with Rhodey.
Tony cleared his throat, looking rather rumples and adorable, and waved awkwardly to the basket. “You- uh, eat?”
“We get that alot,” Coulson sighs, though Tony’s eyes were wandering over the whispering crowd. “Listen, I know this must be a trying time for you, but we need to debrief you. There’s still a lot of unanswered questions, and time can be a factor with these things. Let’s just put something on the books. How about the 24th at 7pm, at Stark Industries?”
They rode with Coulson on the Helicarrier, and Steve came to see Tony as soon as they were done with debrief in a private conference room. It was quiet, something Tony rarely wanted, but needed right now. Just a quiet, simple, talk. No yelling, no arguing. Just… talking.
“Wade,” Peter breathed, his chest tightening with rolling emotions. What could he say? What could he possibly say to the man that had been gone for two years, but had unwittingly been at his side for a year anyway?
Before Peter could stop him, Wade had closed the top, and they were dangling over the edge of the listing platform.
Peter sucked in a breath, blinking as he saw Deadpool in front of him, mask morphing to match his look of concern.
And it hit Steve, then, just what was happening. Tony hadn’t added him back into the system. He was completely locked out of the tower. And if he was locked out… So could just about everyone else.
When they finally landed, Tony let his armor slide into place around him. He remained a silent moving statue as he followed Clint and Carol around the ridge. Thanos had set up a little home for himself on a cliff, facing a forested green valley. It was a beautiful piece of land, but Tony was going to have a good time burning it to the ground.
“Yes,” Tony said in an instant, because Pepper made everything better. “No,” he said quickly after, because he didn't want to see Pepper’s disappointed face. “God, I don't know!” was his final reply because he really didn't know!
When he got to the lab, though, he didn’t find anyone he immediately recognized. It was… a man? Tony couldn’t really tell. They were wearing a thick, baggy coat, with the hood pulled up to hide most of their scared and distorted face.
Tony had just a second to see her hit the button, and run before the first wave pushed him out of the way, and into a wall. Stane, heavier, didn’t move, and was caught in the second wave of the blast, his suit over powered as the entire factory went out, and he fell into the large reactor.
“And forget him?” He coughed, some more petals falling into his lap, only for Dum-E to gently pick them up. “You know I can’t do that, Pepper. I can’t imagine living my life not remembering meeting him for the first time, or all the good times we’ve had. My entire time as an Avenger, that would probably go to… I can’t do that.”
He wanted to ask Tony right there, to pull the ring out of his pocket, where he kept it just to be safe, so he could ask whenever it just felt right. Now seemed like a good time… Pull it out, tell Tony just how much he loved him, and then slip the ring onto Tony’s finger. It just felt right, and he wanted to ask so badly, but… There was something else he needed to know before he could ask Tony to marry him.
“Yeah,” Peter shrugged, picking up his board to follow them to the skating area. “Ever since Uncle Buck left, Pops has been pretty stressed. They were best friends, after all, and spent a lot of time together. Almost as much as Dad and Pops do. I think he’s getting bored and it’s making him tense. Though, it probably doesn’t help that Dad has been working on some kind of secret project that takes up most of his time.”
When he arrived, he wasn’t that surprised to find people outside. Most of them ran when they saw him coming, and a few collapsed into sobs when he approached. They must have been trying to get inside. The mansion, however, was sealed tight. Metal shutters were dropped over ever window and door in sight, and Steve was sure that the walls had been reinforced at some point. No one would be getting in without the proper code.
It did, however, affect his wedding plans. Since their original date was now a day Peter would be finishing highschool, his wedding with Wade was pushed far back into the Spring of the following year. It was disappointing, and Wade pouted that they'd only have a week to honeymoon in the Stark private estate in Europe. Peter didn't mind, since by then, his Pops would be free to do as he pleased.
“Tony will take care of it,” Steve said, frowning at them. God, they looked like they were just kids…
It did, thank god, and he went inside to start poking around. He took out the rest of the soldiers inside, while Steve went to find Strucker. Once the room was clear, he stepped out of the suir, going to look around while the suit went into sentry mode. Hm…
But, for whatever reason, nothing did happen. No baddies or training, no meetings or random muggings. Nothing. And it actually put Steve more on edge as he actually met Tony at eleven.
Steve was starting to panic, barely managing to recognize Clint coming up beside him. He grabbed at his shoulders, pulling him back, even as he tried to keep his hands on Tony's face.
Steve scowled, going to the rubble to do his best to push the aircrafts around, find one that was still intact. He had no such luck, finding only bent metal and shattered glass. If they couldn’t get  to New York by plane, then they would have to do it the old fashion way…
Carefully, Steve reached down, popping the strap of the sling open, to slide it off his arm. It was covered in bandages, from fingertips to half way up his bicep. Tony watched as Steve started to unravel the bandage, going slow and careful, until his whole arm was visible. There was a bit of discoloration on the skin, with sharp white scars zigzagging all across the surface. What was more shocking was how Steve's arm shook violently, even just lifting it.
"Don't move," Bruce's voice said, sharp and commanding. Tony squinted at him, the wetness dripping down his chin. "He's still awake. The stone isn't thick at the base. Maybe just an inch, inch and a half, at point of entry. I'm surprised it's held. But I won't be able to do anything until he's off this spike."
Tony frowned, watching his son for a moment, picking up toys and taking them to his little area of the workshop.
The idea for this fic came from something else I was working on, an original story I was doing about a boy who had abandonment and codependency issues. That was mainly from the boys perspective, but this will mostly be from Tony's perspective. In this chapter, I hope I set the way for their codependency, and portrayed the change in Tony correctly.
Thanos hadn’t said anything so far, just laughed. He did, however, speak this time. “You’ll never find them,” Thanos said. “Not without that Stone.”
“Yeah,” he said, though it was more grim then smug like Wade would have thought. “The lady he had with him found the picture that I keep of you on the back mirror. She recognized Peter in it. They want to get to you by finding him.”
“Uh,” Tony said dumbly, watching as Thor carried boxes for the two women he'd brought, and as Clint walked a golden retriever into the elevator. “You're in my Tower.”
“I feel like I’m gonna puke,” he said, and it was true. His face scrunched up, and he was starting to taste bile in the back of his throat. “Can I talk to Principal Morita about calling my dad?”
After the demonstration, Tony road with three soldiers, drank and listened to loud music. They took pictures. It was the epitome of the funvee!
Dr. Connors was shouting at his aunt, while Pepper tried to talk him down. She remained tense in her chair, but looked calm to anyone unfamiliar with her. Maybe Peter wouldn't have to intervene?
"Hey," Tony said as he came down from the lab, making many look up at him. He was only looking at Steve, though. "Any luck with tall, purple, and crazy?"
“He went out back looking for you,” Gwen said as she blinked. “Some guy told me and MJ that you were waiting for him there and-”
"You kept this for a reason," Steve said, voice thick. "And I can only hope that it's because you're willing to give me a second chance. I will do everything I can to prove to you that I deserve it. That you can trust me to be there for you, our kids, and be what you need me to be. I'll hang up the shield, stay at home to take care of Johnny and Susan, support you like I should have from the start. Because no matter what,
“That’s what they say.” Tony turned to face him, studying his face. “Could you have a lousier poker face? Just tell me, who told you?”
“No…” Wade snarled. “No! So… So you mean that you can’t fix me? You can’t do the one thing I’m keeping you alive for?” With a deep breath, Wade pulled the tiny hand pistol he’d taken from Al out of its hollister, putting it to Francis head. “Any last words?”
“And there’s Stevie,” he chuckled. “Come on, Stark’s got Bruce and Clint’s setting up the jet to take us to somewhere safe.”
“Is it true that your father, the world's largest playboy, has coerced American Hero Captain America into marriage?”
The hooded man shook his head, once again glancing around to check if anyone was coming. The world was in chaos after the Calamity, the day half the world vanished, and at any time, someone desperate could appear and attack him.
“Come on!” Obie cried dramatically. “The arc reactor? That’s a publicity stunt! Tony, come on. We built that thing to shut the hippies up!”
Wade hated lying to Peter, but he just couldn’t see him right now. Honestly, he was actually at the ‘fuck it’ stage. There was nothing that he could do. Almost all the treatments he could use for one of his different kinds of cancers would have side effects that would only make the others worse. There really was nothing he could do.
With the cup of coffee downed, Tony turned to look up at Steve again. He was a bit confused. He didn't remember exactly what had happened. The last thing he really remembered was going into fight Thanos. There was the vague memory of pushing Steve out of the way of an attack, but… not much after that.
“Wow,” Wade laughed. “Captain America and Iron Man’s wedding! That’s going to be the wedding of the year! Think I can take the pictures? If you’re doing a private wedding, those would be worth a fortune!”
The first thing Steve does is order everyone he can reach over comms to meet him under the panther statue outside the palace.
He turned, bouncing Peter at his hip as he did. The kid seemed happy to go home, and reached out almost greedily towards the car.
As he sat in the Quinjet, watching Banner bustle around with supplies, Wade couldn't help but feel a curl of worry in his gut. He didn’t understand why, though. The author had told him what was going to happen, and he knew that no one else was meant to get hurt. As terrible as the odds may seem, they were going to win.
“A lot of mercenaries have someone that they leave instructions for if they don’t come back from a job,” Weasel was saying, his hands stuffed into his pockets as he stood awkwardly. “I was… Well, I’m that guy for a lot of the mercs that come into the bar, but I’m supposed to do it for Wade, to. He had this box set up for months, just told me that if he was two weeks late to come back, that I bring it here. Don’t really know what’s in it, didn’t really look, but I’m pretty sure it’s for Peter, so…”
“Of course.” She placed a hand on his shoulder, using the other to wave over Ned. “Ned, can you go pack up Peter’s things? I’m sure he’ll be going home today.”
“People change.” His voice was a heavy deadpan, and he wanted this guy to just get to the point already. What did he want? Why was he here? Did he have something to help him or not?
Peter had been excited to go to Oscorp to see the biochemical tech. His dad didn’t do much in bio-chem tech, even before Iron Man and the company redirect, so he hadn’t seen much of it aside from what he’s looked into on his own time. It was exciting to see something at least a little new.
“No. I honestly think they’ll work it out. It might take a little bit of work, but I think it might help if Pops had something that took up more of his time.”
“Tony?” He heard Steve say as his body went limp, the words like static in his ears. “Tony, stay with me! Tony?! Jarvis call an ambulance!”
“No, see, this isn’t a game. You do not send in civilian equipment into my active war zone. You understand that?”
“You said he was stable,” Steve was saying as they flew over. “You said that we could trust him to not be evil.”
Weasel quickly picked up the phone, opening it up to show a text from a contact labeled Petey Boy. “Here, it’s Peter. No, wait. It’s Francis.”
“Phil!” the archer’s voice shouted through the Quinjet speakers. “Phil, how far out are you? We need Bruce!”
“Hey now,” a guy a few years older then Peter was saying. “You don’t want to be aiming that gun at me.”
“I’m fine,” Peter said, glad that the voice modulator kept his voice even and from cracking. “I just… I knew a mercenary, a few years ago. You know, out of the mask? He took a job overseas and never came back.”
“Your date,” Sam said again. “The one you asked Stark out on for tomorrow night? You’re going to dinner, aren’t you?”
Wade turned away, looking off to the side as he picked up the phone again. He waved it, showing off the comments section of a web page. “And you guys? Don’t worry. I’ll get revenge for what she did you our precious boy. After all… That was just cruel. Killing the son in the fathers arms. Really. Even the guys I murder aren’t that terrible.”
“Maybe I just missed you,” Steve replied, his voice seductively low, as he pressed another kiss to Tony’s lip. “Haven’t seen you at all in nearly three days.”
Steve knew she was right. Tony would have put a plan in place for every possible situation. The twins would be fine, at least until Tony or Rhodes came back. For now he could stay focused. Getting New York in order and reinstating their communications.
She didn’t reply as he jogged to the stairs, simply opening the door for him. There was, of course, an elevator, but the lab was right under the penthouse, and it was easier to just go up the stairs. And, just as Peter entered the penthouse, the Iron Man suit landed on the dismantalerout on the landing pad.
And just like that, Steve was stepping forward into Tony's space. A warm hand slid along his jaw, a thumb rubbing across the stubbly part of his face where he hadn't gotten a chance to shave, and gently pulled him up as Steve bent down. After what felt like an eternity, their lips met in a slow and gentle kiss, and Tony felt lightheaded.
He knew that this person was a sort of brownish-blonde, and studied computers and mythology, but not much else. He didn't really know anything about them. About her. About his mother.
“I know that it’s confusing,” Tony interrupted. “It is one thing to question the official story, and another thing entirely to make wild accusations, or insinuate that I’m a superhero.”
“Spur of the moment thing,” his dad said shrugging with his hands in his pockets. “Thought I'd let the kids see the Avengers gear. Give them something special.”
About a month after the Snap, or Calamity, or whatever you wanted to call it, Coulson finally showed up. He had Clint and four others with him.
The wailing increased, and Tony nearly began to cry himself. Then, the blessed and horrid clicks of heels on the floor entered his ears over the wailing. And just like that, Pepper was by his side, mouth open and gaping at him and the basket.
“”The genetic coding tower’s at ninety-seven percent,” Bruce warned. “You have to upload that schematic in the next three minutes.”
She moved to reach in, then quickly pulled back. “You know, I don’t think that I’m qualified to do this.”
Tony snorted, and he stepped out from where Steve was guarding him, and moved to observe the new machine. He ignored Steve, focusing on what this thing, the Vision, could do. He was absolutely amazed, and he found the way it moved and spoke absolutely fascinating.
“Considering the Avengers business,” Pepper mused, “I'm surprised you two didn't get married ages ago.”
Steve grinned. He looked down at his pain filled arm, and laughed at the shrivelled and blackened skin. His friends and teammates simply stared at him, and their wide eyes were the last things he saw before he crumbled, falling into darkness.
At that, she actually rose a hand, holding it up in a stop motion. She looked maybe just a bit panicked. "But you don't know what I have planned!"
“Yeah,” Peter said, taking the spoiled soup bowl to the sink. “Yeah, no, I understand. Just, keep me updated, okay?”
“Didn’t? Well, good, because that would be… outlandish and fantastic.” Christine made a face, so he tried again. “I’m just not the hero type. Clearly. With this laundry list of character defects, all the mistakes I’ve made, largely public.”
Just as they were about to get the gauntlet, someone else swung in. Someone in a red and black suit, with katanas on his back and guns at his hips. Before anyone could stop him, Deadpool had snatched the red stone out of its holder in Thanos' gauntlet.
He turned the pages, the past slowly catching up to the present. Until he got to the last page. More scribbled words, just important points and vague summaries, of what
“True, but I think Peter would make an awesome big brother,” MJ said, ignoring him as she grinned. “He’s such a big softy and remember when those little kids got hurt last week? Peter was so good with them, and they just seemed to like him instantly.”
When they finally left, Peter started to feel a little homesick for the first time since reaching camp…
And with that, Tony jerked, the arc reactor being pulled from his chest. Stane looked down at it with an evil smile, the glow casting light over both of their faces. Then, Stane pulled hard, the cord snapping as he looked at it with greed. Tony couldn’t move, could feel the shrapnel moving towards his heart.
I know the ending is rushed, and that it leaves a lot open or unfinished, but I just couldn't write anymore for this chapter. There's a lot that I want to do, and I already hit the 39 page marker that I told myself I wasn't going to get to close to, and there were over 16000 words! There will be a more carefully written beginning of Chapter 6 to (hopefully) make up for it. Or I might take a break, write a sort of 'between' chapter, where some more fluffy stuff happens instead of just Avengers hero drama.
Clint chuckled, opening the door. A dog, almost identical to the one Clint had brought with him to the Tower, barked and bounced towards them. “Safehouse,” he said, petting the dog. “Fury helped me set it up when I joined. Off the books, you know?”
The lab? Friday knew to only let a chosen few in there. People he put on a very specific list. But… why all the secrecy? Why not just tell him who it was? Setting aside his tablet, Tony gave a pouting Steve a quick kiss before hurrying to see who it was. Rhodey? No, he would have gone to the lounge. Bruce? Wishful thinking, having been missing for over a year.
Each time Steve came down, Tony would be sure to keep his back to the door, try to trick himself into thinking it was anyone else, but it never worked. He’d start coughing, spitting out more and more petals each time until a week passed and he started to need to use a handkerchief to hide the petals when Steve came down or when Tony saw him.
“I know it’s been a busy day,” Tony said, chuckling as he led Wade down. “But I figured that I would give you your merc gear now. I was thinking about making you a body suit, to help keep bullets off you and stuff, but I didn’t have your measurements so I just made a pair of pistols and had a pair of swords specially made. Katana’s, even. You’re favorite, right?”
