“No.” Rowena pressed little kisses from his jaw to halfway to his shoulder, he tilted his head to one side with a noise he would never admit to, “fine.” He said finally,
Dean woke up and rolls over expecting to find cas only to meet a cold, empty side of the bed. He jolts up and grabs his gun from his nightstand drawer, old habits die hard. He runs around the house, panicked and no longer tired, it only took him 10 minutes but even that was too long. He found cas standing in their kitchen humming to himself, his speaker playing quietly, as he tries to make breakfast. He looks up as he here’s the quiet click of dean placing the gun on the counter, he didnt look up from the pancakes but could feel the worry coming off of dean.
“I’m not turning it off until you do.” Sam said laughing, cas leaned forward sheepishly, and dean turned and grabbed his face, smushing a kiss on his cheek, “okay, unfair” sam said, teh eye roll evident in his voice, “cas, Jodi told you to kiss dean not the other way around.” Dean smacked his brother for the 26th time that day,
“Thats not a flattering expression dear.” Azriaphale said placing a reassuring hand on Crowley’s arm,
By the time they decided to get out of bed it was late afternoon, their family and freinds would be back soon so dean put on his best pajama pants, these ones had little ghosts on it, sam thought they were funny, and wandered out of their room. When cas glanced at him, he did a double take and cas gasped a little,
“Really?” Cas said rolling his eyes and then nervously glancing at dean who seemingly hadn’t noticed the writing showed up on his palm too.
“The same way you still think you break everything you touch.” They looked at each other for a minute,
“Love you too.” Cas said disappearing. This time dean didnt cry, he didnt break things, he didnt even let the small smile creep off his lips, instead he busied around the slightly messy bedroom, picking up clothes and putting them in the hamper, he folded the basket of clean clothes he was too busy to fold, and ran around the room reorganizing.
“Dean! Please! I’m constantly bombarded with stories about your escapades by Crowley, they haunt me.”
“Dean are you talking to sam about our lack of intercourse?” CAs asked as he walked to the fridge to get milk. Dean pointed to cas while looking at sam,
Dean and cas went to go question the women the couples had talked to last before the accidents. They drove up to a large stone house, ivy covered its walls and the circular door was painted bright green. They walked up the brick path up to the oddly shaped door and knocked once, the door swung open to reveal a short women with a sheet of cookies in one hand,
“I love you too, now turn on some music and look at the museum map, cant have you complaining the whole time.”
Rowena was absorbed in a conversation with the immortal tower of glitter, and Gabriel was looking on fondly and didnt notice that Simon had come to stand next to him.
Everyone was gathered in the war room within 40 minutes and were eating pizza and talking, Jodi and the girls had joined them via FaceTime. Dean wandered away to his room to pack and noticing this, sam followed shortly after.
They sped down the highway, dean staring off into the distance, only partially paying attention, sam asleep in the back, and cas staring out the window. Dean thought about a lot of things while driving, but at night he got to think about the things he would never let himself think about in the day. At night no one was watching, every time sam would wake up or cas would glance at him, his emotions and thoughts written on his face could be interpreted as concentration. In these times he let himself think about the things he couldn’t have, the things he wished for, the life he wanted for his family. When the sun would barely peek over the horizon, those thought would scurry away, back into the dark, secluded, corner allotted to them in his mind.
“I intend to keep that promise Dean.” Cas said into Dean's head. Dean gasped and brushed away his tears, staring intently into the empty room,
Dean pulled out of the hug, and held Cas at arms length, his hands firmly on the angel’s shoulders. He looked him over frowning,
Dean sighed and said, “Sure, yeah we could help, just to make sure you dont do anything else stupid.” Sam rolled his eyes and gave dean his patented bitch face.
She walked out of the kitchen, ignoring Sam’s frantic signing. She sat back down to her research before kicking Dean squarely in the face as he crouched under the table she was working at. He swore a bit before tugging at her pant leg. After long enough she caved.
The sun started to rise and cas would sit up straighter and instead of counting the stars and thinking about the constellations, he would stare at the way the trees glistened with the morning frost, watch as the earth woke from its slumber. As an angel he could see and feel the world differently than humans and since he didnt sleep he got to see and feel all of it, but there was something he could feel but couldn’t allow himself to make known. This time was his time to think, he could watch the sun rise and watch the sky turn different colors before deciding on blue, he could think about everything he’d experienced, everything he wanted to experience that he hadnt in his long life, he’d think about that one pesky feeling. He could think as the sun rose but the second the sun set itself properly in the blue sky, he would go back to remembering about personal space and the case.
“Uhm, I’m death so sleeping is hard, my boyfriend’s an angel so neither of us sleep too much, and-oh I got back together with cas-“
“Um-oh! ‘Take a trip to pound town’” Sam who was already laughing, snorted making dean start laughing, “What about, ‘stuffing the taco’”
“Hey!” Sam said from the chair across from Dean. He was sitting oddly close to Eileen and his hands kept twitching from where they were clasped in his lap. Dean gave him his bitchface and continued,
“Yeah sure mom.” Dean pulled cas along behind him as he exited. His head popped back around the door, “And for the record, i walk around here shirtless all the time and you never complained.”
Back in heaven cas was standing unmoving in Jack’s office, rolled up plans at his feet from where they had fallen on the floor, his eyes closed and the ghost of a smile on his face, listening and hoping Dean knew he could hear.
Dean walked to the kitchen with cas still not letting go of his hand, he picked up two plates, balancing one plate on the forearm of the hand cas had claimed.
“En garde!” Dean shouted. Eileen audibly rolled her eyes as she walked back in to grab another book. “What?” She waved his question off and walked away, again, just as Dean ducked and jumped onto a chair, avoiding Sam.
“i thought i told you to come alone.” The angel sitting across from teh boys said, dean barely could control himself, he wanted to beat him to a pulp just for loooking at cas like that, like he was the scum of the earth, like he was a ‘hairless ape’, that’s what bal called it right? No one snarls at cas, no one tries to double cross or hurt or-anything his angel dean thought,
“I seem to be death.” He said matter of factly walking out of the bathroom and shutting the door after Cas. Cas took a long suffering breath and said,
“No look! The sign!!” He pointed at the sign above the door and got confused looks from people walking by,
“Well yes, but you gotta admit it’s kind of cool.” Gabriel said as the piano player played a classical cover of a pop song and beams of light coming from nowhere flitted around them. Everyone in the bar sang to the music and swayed as the lights dimmed and the tattoos on the singers lit up.
“He says it helps him sleep.” Sam just stared in shock at dean curled around cas as the drawing appeared on his skin. “I’ll talk to him at some point, go back to bed sam.” Cas said and continued to draw.
“Hello, dean.” Dean stared into the never ending blue eyes and then he remembered what his plan had been. Dean pulled away and grabbed cas’ hand, startling his enough to drop his bag and allow dean to pull him through the bunker and into their bedroom. “Dean?”
Sam and eileen were walking around the bunker talking about their plans for the weekend when a loud noise came from deans room. Expecting to find dean in a room of broken things and in a state of disrepair at best, and dead at worst, he burst into the room. Instead, dean was sitting on the floor with the entire contents of his closet and drawers surrounding him and his desk chair had managed to trap him on the floor.
“Jerk. Now go put on a shirt, the rest of them should be here shortly and maybe put something nice on.”
“You need more whiskey.” The brothers just looked at him, “Oh dont let me bother you and your sex trip planning.”
As they pondered the definition of a helicopter boyfriend, the beings from the empty were awake and thrown to earth as it completely collapsed.
“Remember that guy you had a quick fling with that one time the world was ending? Wasnt he sweet, he was nice too. Good body, very good in bed.” Clary said,
Finally in nicer clothes, a flannel, a tee and jeans for dean and cas’ usual get up without the trench coat.
They loved thier family and thier famiily loved them but they were close to dean and sam and could tell when something was wrong. They saw the facade dean put up, saw the emotions threatening to spill over, they said nothing but gave small sad looks to sam and even sadder looks to dean. When dean had had enough he hastily said goodbye and left sam with their family. He drove for a while, not knowing what he’d find, only hoping to be further away from his emotions, to try to out run his thoughts and feelings. He knew it was only a matter of time before he had to stop running so he parked the car on the side of the road and walked through acres of prairie to a large tree growing in the middle of the flowers and grasses. He sat, leaning against the tree and thought about everything, he felt everything, he experienced everything. He let the tears fall, let the emotions wash over him, and before long he was shaking, wracked with sobs, unable to close the gate he’d opened. This is the first time in his entire life, and after life that he’s really let himself feel and understand everything and its overwhelming. He turns his thoughts towards cas, thinking about the happy memories they made together, thinking about the way his smile lights up the room, about how hes an angel the size of the Chrysler building and yet he is the most awkward being dean has ever met. Dean let out a watery laugh, feeling himself calming down with every memory, with every thought. He feels his scar burn, but he pays it no attention.
“I-we dont know how!” Dean yelled at him as the door swung closed, he heard it lock from the outside,
The two of them drifted further and further away from each other, both pushing the other away in an attempt to protect them. The distance and the time away managed to sew the seeds of doubt into a relationship that was 12 years in the making. They had parted before but those times they were friends, pining after each other, longing for something they couldn't have but this time they were more. They let their walls fall and opened their hearts only for them to break a little bit each and every time they were apart.
On the second to last night before Cas and Jack were going to leave, they found themselves in the library, sitting on the cushy leather arm chairs Dean had brought out from storage a while ago.
“That's a good point, Garth and Bess are going to purgatory, that's not fair.” Dean said as he walked in from the kitchen, “We can talk to jack about it tomorrow.”
“Crowley, shut up!” Jodi said in her scarily calm mom voice that didnt allow any argument, so he shut up,
“Jerk!” Dean grabbed the newspaper from the shelf and rolled it up, repeatedly trying to hit Sam with it. Sam ducked and ran away, screaming like a little girl before finding his own newspaper. Eileen watched in amusement,
“For this.” He said sitting her down at the bar as two people got onto the stage. The center one had little round scars in his neck but no extra teeth, instead he had tattoos like the small group who waited next to the stage, the other person on stage was a blonde playing the piano.
“Oh, right, yeah, um I- iwaswonderingifyoudallleavesoicanhavetheweekendwithcas?” Everyone stopped talking, stopped eating, and stared at dean,
“He’s somewhere around 400 million, so are we give or take a couple decades, after the first few millennia you stop counting.” Aziraphale said patting Crowley and moving him so that he was on his lap instead of wrapped around him. “anyway, we should get out of your way, come on dear.” He said standing up and grabbing crowleys hand as he became more human shaped again. Crowley winked at eileen and followed aziraphale to the back leaving sam and eileen alone.
“Dean! Its not that I dont love you, I love you so fucking much, but I cant see you get destroyed every single time I leave. ”
“Because I’m bored and Jodi says I cant use my powers.” A couple people passing looked at him funny,
This is getting long so I’ll wrap it up. Last thing, I have a ton of WIPs and if you’d like I could think about finishing them up and posting em. Let me know.
“Cas?” Dean called out to a seemingly empty house, “Cas?” He called again, this time cas walked down the stairs and around the corner with two swimsuits, a bottle of whiskey, hand cuffs, and a few pairs of flip flops.
“And you’ve been with us every step of this crazy ride and no matter how crazy it got you never backed down.”
“Jack, I can't leave him again, it will destroy him, I cant have him destroyed now can i?” Cas asked picking one file out and going through its contents,
Now Cas and dean draw on each other often, the constellations are a common one, though dean has gotten better at drawing and will draw wings on cas’ back and put lacy heart everywhere. Occasionally they’ll draw flowers or tattoos and on one memorable occasion they did each other’s makeup, dean would never tell anyone but now he’ll have cas help him put eyeliner on or concealer when he has a particularly bad bruise. This one time cas found blue sparkly fairy wings and dean became very good at doing colorful makeup.
“Thats what I’m here for.” Sam was glad dean was learning to communicate and learning that he didn’t have to do this all alone, “you’ll talk to me when you need to right?”
“I dont think we have the type of mom who will stay home and make us chicken soup for dinner.” Mary winchester had said she’d ‘got it’ when she rushed back into hunting after Billie almost reaped her and of course dean was worried, sam was too but if she said she was fine, she was fine. “Talk to cas yet.” Sams expression softened as he asked,
“Good.” Rowena started to walk towards her suitcase and snapped, the contents lined up dutifully in outfits, she tutted and picked out a dark purple flowy gown with deadly sharp red heel and an ornate diamond necklace. “Cause I like you too.” She said offhandedly. Gabriel smiled and grabbed her hand, pulling her towards him and kissing her, this time it wasnt a 5 minute long, passionate, no breathing, kiss, it was small, quick, chaste, but filled with something Gabriel wouldn’t get caught dead calling love.
Dean stepped out of the shower, grabbed a towel and wrapped it around his waist. He laughed at the way cas pouted and groaned at his ‘modesty’, he stood at the sink, staring at himself in the fogged up mirror and thought for a moment before writing something in the condensation with his finger.
Meg and bal arrived at the airport, took one look inside at the hoards of people and turned tail. Bal grabbed her hand and they disappeared, landing in Paris under the Arc de Triomphe.
“I’m going to go finish making breakfast. I love you.” He calls over the noise of the running water. Dean walked into his bedroom and dried his hair as he picked out a pair of patterned sweats.
Rowena and Gabriel landed on the bed in The Towers at Lotte Palace Hotel, neither technically needed to breath so they didnt put any space between them for a good long while. Gabriel made a face through the kiss and rowena pulled away. She gave him an offended look,
“I love you. I know that's a lot but, its true and you dont have to say it back and-shit I made you cry!” Sam rushed over to her and pulled her into a hug and then hastily pulled away. She pulled him back to her and then pushed him away again, shaking her head and smiling. Sam watched her confused. She signed something and he looked back up at her, tears in his eyes,
Dean walked into the library and found most of the family sitting around the tables chattering and eating.
“Cas, its our anniversary, sort of, still havent gotten used to the time, but you didnt have to do all this.”
Dean has gone too long without Cas, much too long. So instead of talking to his family about his feelings, he prays to cas, not about helpful things, but it helps, I guess.
This one is a bit longer, the last one ended up quite short, sorry. Hope you like it, this is exploring more of the dean as death stuff, though that whole plot thing sort of got pushed back behind destiel stuff didnt it.
“I will always fight for this-us, I will wait for you for as long as you need. I will be okay, we will be okay.” Dean tilted Cas’ face up a little to look at him as Cas was pointedly staring at his knees. “I know you will always come back to me, that's all I need, all of this,” Dean said waving his arm around to point out his room, “I’ll work through it.” Cas gripped tighter to Deans hips, where his hands had settled,
When they had finally settled around the map table, Jack was at the head, Cas next to him, next to Cas was Dean who fidgeted in his seat and couldn't decide if he was too close or too far away from Cas. On the other side of Jack was rowena, and the rest of the family filled in where they could fit.
“YOU AREN'T BROKEN CAS!” Dean took a shallow breath then continued, “you told me that I wasn't broken, that I wasn't the person my enemies saw me as, you said that I was the most loving human being you’d ever know. Why cant I tell you that, why cant I tell you that you are perfect the way you are, that you fought for what you thought was right even if it wasn't, you did bad things, you made mistakes, but you never changed, you were always you. You are and always will be the love of my life. Why cant I tell you you’re the most amazing thing I’ve ever seen, why cant I tell you I love you just the way you are, so you’ll believe it. Why don't you believe me?”
Dean had been sleeping for 12 hours straight and even with so many thoughts, cas got bored so he grabbed the pen from the bedside table and started to draw on himself. He drew a henna like design that went from the back of his hand to halfway down his forearm. He felt dean stir and wake up so he quickly miracled it away, knowing it was only a matter of time before dean noticed.
“Um, well there’s one in Milwaukee, there might be something in LA, maybe one somewhere near Sioux Falls, but Jodi and the girls can take care of it, and-“ Jack said staring off into something the rest of them couldn’t see.
“Alfie.” He drawled with a venomous smile, “Oh dont worry, i wont hurt you, not yet atleast.” Alfie squawked as Crowley pushed him into the chair across from him and handed him a coffee.
“Hello.” Cas said, they were very close together so as cas turned, their noses almost touched. Dean blushed and scooted back.
“Hey, it’ll all be okay, I promise.” Dean kissed him and pulled him into a hug before pulling him down onto the bed, entangling their legs as Cas wrapped his arms around him better.
It took forever but the couple had finally finished making dinner, both were clingy and kissy and had obviously been focusing a bit more on making out than making food at times but they had finally almost finished. The cookies were in the oven, a bowl of cookie dough still un baked sat on the counter,
“He cleaned the bunker top to bottom 6 times, I walked in the door after that vamp nest and forgot to wipe my feet and he almost chopped my head off.”
“Oooooh, yes!” She said clapping her hands, “I’m trying a new spell, so far the preliminary trials have gone really well-“
“So-um-i destroyed the empty and there are demons and angels running rampant and we can't kill them because there's no empty for them to go and-I’m babbling again aren’t i? And you already know all this. Sorry buddy. The family told me to ask you what we can do about the empty-what you and jack could do to help. I don't know what to do, we have so many Cases but we can only trap so many demons in so many traps and every time it rains the angels get out. We tried killing them and they just don't die, they have nowhere to go. I don't want to put more on your plate and I definitely don't want you to be away from me” he cleared his throat once, “us for longer, but we need help man, like what do we do? Oh Bal is back and Crowley is back too, a bunch of demons made their way to rowena, she's collecting as many as she can and the ones who give us trouble she’s locking up for the time being until we can figure something out. Oh and death seems to have disappeared which is a thing though ocCasionally while on hunts we’ll be fighting the monster of the week and then I’ll touch it and poof” Dean said making a hand motion, “gone, don't know where they went though. I tried to do it with the rest but we cant, I don't know what’s wrong. I miss you, we all do. Anyway, the rest of the family says hi, they miss you too, Jodi is banging on my door, and yelling at me to tell you to get your and I quote, trench coated mother freakin ass over here to hug me-um her or she’ll kill you herself.” Dean smiled rolling his eyes, imagining Cas’ laugh and similar eye roll. The banging died down and Dean continued, more serious, “I do miss you though, I- we wish you’d come home soon.” Dean sighed, “Amen.” He spent the next few hours reading and writing in his journal and cleaning his room. As he picked up moldy burger wrappers and bottles of beer and threw his dirty clothes into the laundry basket. Just as he thought he was finished he remembered under his bed. He pulled out a dead ghoul, some dried shapeshifter goo, and bottles and containers of spell ingredients. As he got up he saw what looked like a piece of paper with some writing on it. He bent to pick it up and found the picture of him and Cas, with ‘I’m your huckleberry’ written on the back. Dean sat on his bed looking at the picture, turning it over in his hands and unlike last time he saw this, he let his tears fall freely. Soon he fell into an uneasy sleep, clutching the picture to him as he tossed and turned, dreaming of all the times he’d let Cas down.
“I’m going to say yes of course.” Eileen said with a smile, she crossed her arms and nodded to the angel and the demon to come out from where they were unsuccessfully hiding.
“You think? No, no, no, I’ve dealt with 8 years of this shit, you guys dont like eachother, you are head over fucking heals in love with him.” Sam seemed to have stopped in the process of walking past the living room, eileen still glued to his side, dean and cas had stood up,
“God she’s already got you whipped.” Dean said crossing his arms, Eileen raised her eyebrows and nodded. Dean laughed and Sam just pouted at them both.
“Hey!” Sam whisper yelled at her. She just half heartedly glared at him and continued to make her meal.
“IAN!!!” The man screamed behind him, “GUESTS!!!!” The baby somehow just turned to look up at the man before curling back into the mans arms. The man just cooed at the baby and tickled its chin, it giggled happily.
“He doesnt though, so it doesnt matter. Besides we both cant really die, its not a good relationship builder.”
“No like really, I am sorry, i mock you, i practically question and judge every decision you make, and that’s not fair, its not-youre family cas, more than that,” dean noticed what he had said and looked at anything but cas, he also backed away a bit noticing how close he had gotten as he spoke,
“I haven't responded in a week, I haven’t told him I loved him for much too long. I'm gone all the time, what if he doesn't want this anymore? I have to leave, I can't stay here.”
“He made a deal sam and the empty-it took him, and billy, he sacrificed himself for me.” Sam pulled his brother into a hug,
“No, it's not-you haven’t showered in days! Is this what you’ve been eating?” Cas asked as he Cast his eyes around the room, plucking a mostly empty beer bottle off the floor he said, “You’ve been drinking again.”
“You’re done with me, anyway by the time I had existed for this long I was already leading my own troops, it's only natural. It's better if I’m far away from you all anyway.” Cas said dejectedly,
“I love you too. You’re just so beautiful.” Dean blushed and hid his face in cas’ chest. Cas let him stay there for a bit but then put two fingers under his chin, raising his head and gazing lovingly at him. He traced lines on his cheek and kissed his nose. Suddenly he turned around and snatched the pen they used before and popped it open. Dean looked at him questioningly, cas put the pen to his cheek and starts to draw constatations,
“Oh you helped.” Cas smiled and placed a chaste kiss on deans lips, “You taste like cookie dough.” Cas said with a smile, only allowing dean a couple inches of room. Dean grabbed at the bowl of cookie dough and shoved the spoon at cas, and leaned against the counter. As cas was about to take it, dean swiped it away and licked it clean himself. “Insufferable.”
“I love you too dean.” Dean closed the space between them, their lips pressed together in a chaste kiss, they had time, they could take it slow.
“Whipped.” Simon said in a singsong voice after him. Rowena took a deep breath before turning back to the three young adults,
After watching all three hobbit movies, they scroll through netflix and find a fantasy YA show and they watch that, the argument being, that its a mix of the genres and no one has to speak of that night again.
After much too much wrangling for a gaggle of almost adults, Jodi had finally managed to take them from the airport, to the plane, back to the airport, then into a rental and then pile them into the hotel rooms. Jack collapsed onto one of the double beds in the room the kids had to share and was immediately poked at by Alex,
“Now youre just being difficult.” Dean pursed his lips and glared half heartedly at the group seated around the table,
“Love you too.” Cas said, a small smile playing on his face as he watched his son walk to the kitchen to retrieve the cereal box.
“Oh yeah, and then there was that one time, me and Crowley had just gotten back from a good bashin-“
“1) food first, 2) we cant just grab it and burn it, we have to sneak in while they’re out.” Cas shrugged and sat down at the table.
“Clarence is leaving again.” Meg said plopping into bal’s lap, dean raised an eyebrow and cas just chuckled knowingly,
“Still could be, their just clever.” Sam’s phone rang as he answered cas’ question, “Its Jodi.” Dean and cas were still outside of the car, so they quickly got in and looked to sam as he did the same and then answered. “Hi Jodi, everything okay?” He asked, “youre on speaker,”
Sam was dean’s next victim. He pulled his brother into the kitchen and started pacing. The party was winding down, the family retreated to their rooms and sam had been ‘resting his eyes’ with his head in Eileen’s lap.
“So are you.” Cas said walking to Dean and pushing him against the wall gently. He hovered his lips over Deans, feeling Dean shiver against him as his breath ghosted over his lips. Cas smiled and pulled away, grabbing his hand and dragging him to where Sam and Eileen were.
“There you boys go, told ya it’d go away when you got your shit together. Cookies?” Dean lunged for the cookies though refused to let go of cas’ hand making him stumble a bit. Sam clapped dean on the back and smirked at him,
“How long have you known eachother?” Sam asked raising an eyebrow as Crowley turned into a snake and wrapped around Aziraphale,
“Fine dont tell me. Just know, I know about the socks.” She did the universal sign for ‘I’m watching you’ and the brothers shared a flabbergasted look,
Heaven’s done but the empty has collapsed and death is gone. A meeting has to be had to discuss the future of the realms, and the future of humanity in general.
Jodi counted off heads and walked her group into the airport, Jack, Alex, Patience, followed after her in a single file line with donna last to make sure no one got lost. They got through security with only a few issues, each of them had pocket knives that jack forgot to miracle away for now, patience forgot to take off her rings, and donna, too busy trying to make sure the ‘kids’ got all their stuff in bins, forgot to take off her jacket from the car, still containing much of her usual case arsenal and an old case file. After 5 pat downs, one for each person, two sets of scans, multiple disappearing items, and two badge flashes, they finally made it through security and to their gate.
“We are doing it the old fashioned way, its more fun.” Jack looked to Alex to see if she agreed and she nodded without looking up from her computer. Jack then settled into his chair and closed his eyes,
Dean sat on their bed reading LOTR while carding his fingers through Cas’ hair, his head in Dean's lap.
Dean got up and limped after her, he was getting old after all and he had quite unceremoniously collapsed on the floor. Not paying attention, he ran into Eileen almost sending her flying. Who was he kidding, he could have ran her over with a car and she’d still be standing there, rooted in spot staring at Sam from across the room. Dean picked his way around her, trying not to cross the path of the gaze while also trying to avoid all the tension.
Cas’ visits came fewer and farther between as the month turned to 3. When he did come home he would stay the night with Dean, carding his fingers through his hair and in the morning he’d kiss him goodbye, then he’d leave again. Dean started to pray to him less, he only wrote up his hunt reports in his notebook, he pretty much stopped writing the letters all together.
After that, they all dissolved into conversation about who was going to go on which trips and when they were all leaving. When breakfast had been had and empty plates had been abandoned, they had managed to decide on plans.
“and you’re going to storm in-riiiiiiight-now.” Sam was leaning on the car but dean was pacing around the car waiting for cas to come back out. See sam knew that dean and cas would get over themselves and finally resolve thier issues and-other things but for now dean was in worried boyfriend mode and was very predictable in this state, hurt cas get hurt. Seriously they are so oblivious, sam thought, wait this was supposed to be deans moment to shine, oh well, you’ll keep listening to me complain right? Sam thought now at an audience he really didnt know he had, aaaand in stormed dean, with an eye rolling sam behind him. “Hey, feelin a little left out, scoot over.” Dean said smushing into the booth next to cas who decidedly didnt move. “Oh do moove over” dean said, who was that girl-oh hermione, that’s who he sounded like, god he let cas and sam make him watch those movies, dean thought. Sam sat on the edge of the booth facing out, only a sliver of the booth was left for him so pretty much the second he sat down he got back up and grabbed a chair,
“Did you love me or did you love the experience of the pining and the heartbreak and the adventure? You felt like you were in a book didn't you? You felt like the trod upon hero who just never ended up with his prince, you enjoyed not having what you wanted because it was more interesting.”
“I know when all meteor showers are supposed to happen, i can feel each star as it comes into the world and when it dies-“
“Okay.” Dean groaned, pouting slightly. He curled up against Cas flung one arm over him as he laid down properly. Cas spent the night deep in thought, only interrupted when he would smile at Dean when he moved in his sleep.
“Yeah?” She asked smoothly, simon wiggled his eyebrows, “Oh yeah, hes whipped as hell.” She said with a snort.
“I love it.” She smiled and kissed the side of his mouth and twined her fingers in his as she used the other hand to flip through the pages to discuss them with Magnus.
“Cas, it’s our anniversary, sort of, still havent gotten used to the time, but you didn’t have to do all this.”
After a few hours of mischief dean finally succumbed and instead slipped one of his flannels into the pocket of Cas’ jacket and proceeded to pout in their room until Cas came over and kissed him on the nose.
“Jack still needs his office decorated,” cas said seemingly changing the subject, a hurt look passed over deans features, “then you can come up and see them all. We will join them when our time comes and for now they’re happy, we’re happy, that’s what matters right?”
They spent the next few ‘days’ looking over the blueprints and notes they’d made back in the bunker. A few prototype neighborhoods were created and quite a lot got done. Jack sat at the table, his head on the file in front of him, his eyes closed, snoring. Cas miracled a blanket and placed it over him and continued working. A couple ‘hours’ later he was back in Jack’s office sorting through the filing cabinets. Jack had asked him to and he was asleep, and Cas knew that you never wake a sleeping baby. As he pulled out all the files he noticed that one drawer was labeled Family Archives. Instead of laying waste to the poor organization of this drawer like he did the rest, he looked through it, never changing the order, only filing the names in his own head.
“It's been three months Row, we know. That's the one question we’ve been asking, what's next purgatory falls apart?”
“It seems that since Jack closed purgatory to execute the next phase of our plans, the monsters we usually hunt have taken on the qualities of the angels and demons that can't get to the empty. I can destroy them though, I can make them die.”
After weeks of cases and research and new arrivals, of visits from Cas, and smaller breakdowns from Dean, and quite a few hunts, the boys still had no leads. They had created quite an army of old allies and acquaintances and they had been popping around the world locating and tracking all their previous kills, with seemingly nowhere to go that was their best bet. Dean prayed to Cas every night, telling him about his day and anything that was on his mind.
“What type of orchid was it?” Eileen asked, she didnt really want to know but she knew what aziraphale was trying to do, she gently pulled Crowley away as he talked about plant genetics.
“Is it true?” Dean helped cas stand up and followed closely behind him,a reassuring hand on his back, there to catch him if he fell,
“Sorry about them, they never remember that you all can still be bowled over.” He chuckled and was ushered away by a curly haired women and another red headed woman.
Claire and kaia had rushed from Ohare Airport to the hotel to an Uber, who thankfully didnt care about the arsenal that was clinking around in kaia’s purse, to the Chicago police station. Claire had told jodi that this vacation would be a nice relaxing weekend that wouldn’t endanger anyone, but dean had gotten claire the fancy tickets(of course he spoils his kids a bit) and so she spent the entire time looking through police reports from news articles that looked promising. When she compiled the four cases that were there kaia then did some preliminary research so that she could force claire to go to a couple museums and see some sights on the case. The two of them had changed in the Uber and were standing just inside the station in crisp power suits, complete with combat boots, flashing their fake badges at a couple of policemen, they nodded and one led them into an office where they were met by a small man in sweatpants and a gym t-shirt,
“Thank you sweetheart, so are you, flannel and my sweatpants.” Dean laughed “It suits you.” Dean wrapped his arms around his boyfriend who was indeed wearing deans red plaid button up and his LOTR sweatpants. He kissed him once and then went to the pantry to get out ingredients.
“They act like an old married couple,” eileen whispered to sam while Crowley looked at Azriaphale like he was his whole world,
“Definitely.” Cas said quietly, after a few moments of comfortable silence, cas pulled dean up a bit and then down to kiss him. Dean leaned into the toe curling kiss and then pulled away, pressing his hands into cas’ chest,
“We get that a lot, good genes I guess.” Kaia said sweetly as she flung an arm out to stop claire from tearing the man apart, she smiled at her and then continued, “The case?”
He flipped through name after name of people he’d either known or heard about from Dean and Sam. He got to the end and found four empty files paper clipped together, away from the others. He pulled them out and read the names,
“What if he doesnt love me any more? What if he thinks that I’ve moved on? What if he;s moved on.” Cas said, finally stopping his motion and turning on Jack, “You know I love you right?”
“Just trying to help.” Dean put his head in his hands, his breath coming in short breaths. Sam ushered him to his room and sat him on his bed, “Breathe Dean, breathe.”
The promise to see you next chapter, only for life to get in the way of the schedules and I really wont see you for atleast a week. What? Just being realistic.
“You’re shirtless.” Cas said kind of questioningly, he was blushing as if that was the first time he’d seen dean devoid of a top,
“Have for a while now.” Cas said, a small smile playing on his lips. Deans eyes darted from cas’ eyes to his lips, cas noticed and scooted forward again, closing the space dean had made between them before. He met him in the middle, they put all the repressed love and emotion into the one kiss, it was passionate but sweet, as cas pulled away dean chased the angels lips before pulling away,
“You. Quite.” Dean mumbled and then pulled away again making cas whine. Dean shook his head again, “They’re going to be here soon, cant.” Cas nodded and ran his thumb down deans jaw and smiled when he leaned into the touch.
After the most awkward two hours in his entire life, consisting of dean barely talking, cas ignoring dean and also not speaking, and sam barely not taking out hi pocket knife to try to cut the tension, he finally got them to atleast talk to him.
“I’m sorry.” Sam wispered, pulling away from dean, then he said in his normal voice, “have you seen everyone yet?” They got in teh car to do thier rounds and talk to thier enormous family.
“I love you too.” Sam breathed, he collapsed against his brother, his role model, the person that was there for him when no one else was, and cried.
After a couple of hours he heard the door click and he aimed for a couple steps away form the door and landed centimeters away from cas.
When they were both stripped down to their boxers dean pulled away again, this time grabbing Cas’ hand and attempting to pull him the rest of the way to the bedroom, only for Cas to grab his face and kiss him. They slowly walked-well, stumbled- to their bedroom.
Cas and dean walked out of the room and back into the kitchen where chuck, amara, and jack were in one corner talking, Ellen was sitting with her feet on Bobby’s legs across from her giggling, eileen and sam were still inseparable but now they were giving eachother fond looks and sam leaned down to kiss her, rowena was making the fire turn different colors while Kevin and jo watched fascinated, and Crowley and charlie were sitting on the counter. Dean smiled at his family, then at cas and he intertwined thier fingers and walked in to the middle of the great room,
They talked the night, and most of the morning away. Later they’d do a proper hunters funeral for Kelly and everyone else they’d lost for good, then they all drove to the bunker and got settled into their new life.
“Hiya Sammy.” He said, he turned and hugged his little brother and tried to conceal how horrid he felt, how angry, how sad, he felt that his brother didnt get all he deserved.
“Of course. I love you too. What's wrong Dean?” Dean hastily pulled his hands away from where they had settled on Cas’ shoulders and walked away. Cas  followed him to the dungeon, he looked around confused before he saw a vampire strapped to the chair in the middle of the room. He had puncture marks where Dean had been injecting it with dead man's blood.
“You couldnt wait for me?” Dean said laughing as he sat down and stole a piece of bacon back from claire who had attempted to steal it from his plate.
“yes Cas, I love you too. Everything’s going to be okay, alright? You guys didn't break up, he cant have moved on. Cas this isn't like you.”
“I’ll ask him okay? I think he would love to help, we all raised you you know, we’re your family, we’ll be there for you.” Cas said getting all sappy,
“It says that Jack is going to hear a lot of this conversation.” Gabriel answered with a shit eating grin, rowena smacked his arm and then took back her whiskey glass and sat down.
“Its okay jack, we’ll protect you, be careful k?” Sam said gently, Jack’s eyes flashed once then he relaxed. They walked in, guns out and within a second had them lowered,
Anyway, ill stop being all self helpy. Im so sorry this is so late, I’m really not trying to be late all the time. Though either way I hope you like this chapter, I swear there is plot somewhere here :)
“I checked it, it’s legit. Donna, Claire, and I went to check it out, seemed like werewolves, luring people out into the woods. Thats normal but with this winter the vics were dying of hypothermia, seemed like something was storing it-“
“G’night.” Dean said continuing to clean up the dishes from their pie. Eileen didn’t answer but watched him leave sadly.
“I’m going to go finish making breakfast. I love you.” He calls over the noise of the running water. Dean walked into his bedroom and dried his hair as he picked out a pair of patterned sweats.
Cas made his way to their bedroom and sat down on the edge of the bed, he reached over and brushed the stray hair out of Dean’s face, waking him slightly.
“Gabriel!” Magnus pulled him into a hug. As he pulled away he brushed off the glitter from Gabriel’s jacket, “how have you been?”
Let me be one of the people to ask you, how are you. And if you answer, dont answer with ‘I’m fine’ because that isnt really labeling what your feeling. Try finding more words to describe how you are doing.
He awoke the next morning, his face tear stained and red and assessed the damage. He combed his hair and took a hot shower, attempting to wash last night's outburst from his mind. Dean found himself, yet again sitting on his bed fresh tears threatening to fall.
“sorry to cut you off sheriff, but how exactly did the car get like that?” Dean asked, the car in question had its entire front smashed in to teh windshield but there weren’t any tracks to suggest a collision.
“Its open!” He hollered, then, “Hey husband! Door!” He yelled in the general direction of thier upstairs bedroom. Cas appeared in front of him a placed an opened mouthed kiss on his lips,
Bal paid for thier coffee and led Meg down the street to a bar. It was almost empty as only the day drinkers and the ones that had passed out from the night before were there. Bal tapped the bar and a very short but very cheerful man popped up from behind it,
“I’m your huckleberry.” Cas said gruffly in his best cowboy speak and smiled softly at Dean. Dean hastily wrapped his arms around Cas’ neck as the notebook fell off his knees and onto the bed, the picture however gently floated to the floor as Dean cupped Cas’ face, swearing that if he got his way, he’d never let go.
“You okay man?” Dean asked putting a hand on cas’ shoulder. Cas jumped and made a small squeak, dean had followed him, dean had noticed something was wrong, that doesnt mean anything, cas told himself.
Eileen had been ignoring them for about an hour and a half and was researching the cases Jack had talked about. Around noon she went to the kitchen to get herself a sandwich, still ignoring Sam as she opened the cabinet he was in, pushing him out of the way and grabbing a plate.
“I will.” With the telltale signs of wings, Cas disappeared. Dean sat on the bed for a moment before walking out, closing the door with a slam and stomping down the hall with purpose.
Baby zipped down the road at high speed, it was dusk and no one would be driving this road for hours, if ever, so Dean took the opportunity to go very very fast. He never quite thought about the fact that he would drive fast to cope with life, the world, and everything. He drove fast to try to run from thoughts and feelings he didnt want to think about or confront, he would never admit that fact though.
“You’re getting to go to the beach like you’ve always wanted, no exceptions.” Dean smiled at his husband, kissed him and walked to the living room to survey the rest of the stuff that needed to be packed, “Oh and don’t forget, we have to be back in time for movie night with Jodi and the family.” Cas hollered from the second floor where he was gathering probably unnecessary clothing.
“You bought me a book on boat building, of course I didnt read it!” Rowena said avoiding the obvious question in their words,
“So, heaven is finished, only needs a few tweaks, hell seems to be running smoothly thanks to the gorgeous Aunty Rowena.” He said smiling at rowena who smiled back at the ass kissing, “The empty is destroyed and death seems to be missing. Among other things purgatory needs to be changed and the work schedule of Castiel has to be shifted.” Cas rolled his eyes as Jack shared the unnecessary piece of information. He whispered something to him, “I have been informed that that wasn't something I needed to say. I have noticed that I suck at formal meetings, shit.” A gasp went down the table as all of his mother and father figures all started to berate him about swearing. Dean stopped talking then yelled,
“These are my freinds, my freinds who dont listen very well.” Dean rolled his eyes and scooched cas over a bit.
“I know you better than you think.” Dean smiled and walked over to sit on the other side of the couch. Cas, anticipating his movements, shifted to be able to face Dean, he spread out his legs, barely allowing room for Dean to sit without sitting on him. What he wasn’t anticipate was Dean pushing him further down the couch and placing himself so that Cas was leaning his back against him. Cas shifted to a slightly better position and rested his head in the crook of Dean’s neck,
“Well I should have a couple in the back, feel free to take a look around, I dont usually like people in my shop, and I certainly never let people look around but you seem like you have an appreciation for these books, maybe even to rival mine, and anyway Rowena said you were trustworthy, I rarely trust demons but of course there are exceptions.” Aziraphale rambled on as he walked to the back, “Rowena gave you her magic didnt she Samuel, you know magic can be quite tricky to work with, maybe I’ll send you over to Anathema, she’d be able to-“
“Oh i took them in! Thats why i love to experiment because they are the perfect test subjects for my baking and cooking!” She said, sam smiled at the thought.
He made breakfast-brunch- in only his sweatpants, he danced around the kitchen singing Jo’s REO playlist. After the pancakes were ready, the strawberries were cut, and munched on slightly, he heard cas scream, a very un-cas like scream, so he went running back to thier room. Dean ran into the bathroom to find cas, a towel around his waist and another in a forgotten towel turban in his hair.
“Eileen! Dungeon!! ASAP!” He shouted for no apparent reason, she looked at him once before completely ignoring him and going back to her book. “Why are you ignoring me?” Dean whined and sat at her feet like a puppy,
“Demons I get, but humans, i dont know. Its wierd though, that’s what i know.” Dean got up and walked up the small flight of stairs to library and leaned on the small stretch of wall,
Anyhoo, I hope, if anyone cares, that you can accept this apology and look forward to the impending chapters. You might have to stick with me through some craziness but I hope I can promise that I will go out with a bang.
“I love it when you call me husband.” Cas said smiling. He went and opened the door, even though it was already unlocked.
“Sorry I wasn’t there.” He said quietly as dean wrapped his arms around Cas from behind and kissing his neck.
“Reap em like humans? The ones that fed or did not change over go to rowena, the ones that did go upstairs.”
“Let’s move on before your brain explodes shall we?” She asked ushering him across the street and into a taxi. They arrived at the bookshop and stopped at the door. The old sign said A.Z. Fell and Co. another one detailed the schedule very unhelpfully,
“Nope, I took them out, they are asleep in there.” Jack responded to Cas’ worried expression with, “It’s just their souls, they will only remember sleeping for the night, no harm no chicken right?” A small smile played on Cas’ face.
“No, nothing like that, just wondering if you’d sit with me for a bit.” Cas fidgeted, “its fine you dont have to, just wondering, g’night cas.” Dean said sadly, turning to get in bed, he didn’t even bother to change his clothes. Cas walked over to the bed and sat down next to dean.
“Fine, if youre sure. Then I guess we wont tell you how he feels about you.” Izzy said starting to walk away.
They held hands the entire car ride there and claire whined when kaia had to go in and get the pizza. She complained again when kaia went to get the ice cream.
“Dean we’re sure this is a witch right?” Sam asked, turning to face dean who insisted he keep driving,
“How do you know who I am? Do you love me less when I tell you what I did every day? Do you love me less because you are seeing my clingy side? Did you stop loving me the second we first kissed?”
“Oh go talk to Ian, red head, tall, looks like a cinnamon roll, will actually kill you. He lives with his husband, looks like he’ll kill you is actually a cinnamon roll. I set them up too, anyway here’s the address, give me your hand.” She said grabbing his hand and writing the address on his hand,
“Just seemed like a splendid idea to have a huge party, invite all our friends, Anathema, Newton, Adam and the Them, and the lot.” Aziraphale answered scooting over in his chair so that Crowley could curl around him,
The next morning they still didnt have any leads so both men got a bit bored, cas started to doodle on his wrists and dean would go out and get beer and watch television.
“We need to get up,” he said glancing at the clock, “Sam and eileen will be awake by now.” He got up groaning and complaining about his knees and how old he’d gotten as Cas stared, not moving, “Come on, up!” Dean laughed as he made his way to the bathroom.
“Thank you love.” Dean blushed as cas came up behind him and kissed his neck. Dean turned around and looked at cas, seeing the lust and hunger in his eyes, he moved so that he had both hands on the angels shoulders and pulled off the trench coat. He swiftly and forcefully switched places with cas and lifted him up onto the counter, dean was stronger than he looked and cas was lighter.
“Hell no! I’m going to look into those cases. We haven’t been on a case in weeks, I just want to punch something already.” She half signed half spoke, Sam looked at her fondly and this time Cas gave him a bitchface.
“Yeah, like come on, I love you so much, and we already bicker like an old married couple. I just want to marry you so badly, because-well because we can and, cas, we have all of eternity.”
“Mila, your staying with us right? We’ll take you to see Jodi, you so remind me of claire.” Cas said, then they all wandered to the kitchen to eat and talk some more, though dean and cas were staying distant but not inhospitable.
“yeah, why did you even let him talk to you like that?” Dean’s voice wa trembling a bit, no one talks to his angel like that.
They made it to breakfast after about another half hour as either Cas or Dean would make things take longer. The walked into the kitchen hand in hand, talking about their month apart, and didn't notice sam and eileen staring at them until sam coughed pointedly,
“But what happens when I leave again?” Cas could feel his bottle break and the concrete melt away, and Deans wall crumbled to the ground and the dark corner was illuminated,
“Time’s different in heaven but we still can only get so much done, but I’ll be back before you know it.” Cas said nudging Dean’s foot from where he was sitting.
“I love you too.” Sam breathed, he collapsed against his brother, his role model, the person that was there for him when no one else was, and cried.
“I’ve been gone for so long, he must think I’m avoiding him! I mean, he hasn’t said much for days, other than basic family stuff. He must think I've abandoned him. I’ve been so clingy, what if he’s annoyed. Oh god what if he’s annoyed at me.”
“Because, with the entire family in one place some of the adults need some time alone.” Cas explained patiently,
“We are going to the Field Museum First, its only 30 minutes away from the house and we dont have to stay long, but I’m going to make this a relaxing vacation if it kills me first.” Kaia ignored Claire’s grumbling and pulled her out of the Uber and up to the front desk of the rental car place, “Carry Bradshaw.”
“Oh yeah um here.” Dean took out the notebook he kept in one of his many pockets. Chuck materialized a pen and handed it to him, he wrote down about a dozen names and handed it back to chuck. “Thank you.”
“I’m thinking about just going myself, you and cas can take the case in michigan and call me if you need help.”
“You know what Cas, no, this isn't how it's going to work. We just figured everything out and now you’re gone. You said you’d be home a week ago, you said you’d come back, you said you wouldn’t leave me.” Dean choked out, tears falling freely now.
“We tried Cas, you said you didn't want to see me broken, then leave, if that's what you want, we can be friends.”
Its been 12 years since Dean was raised from hell and put together again atom by atom. 12 years since Castiel fell for a human. Its been years since cas noticed he had renounced heaven for dean, years since he figured out that he was no longer an angel of heaven, he was deans angel, deans protector. It’s been years since dean noticed he loved his best friend, years since he’d decided to squash his feelings away in a dark corner. Its been almost a decade since cas betrayed dean, since cas crushed deans heart. Its been 8 years since the leviathans killed cas, 3 years since Lucifer killed him, 12 years since he died the first time. Time and time again they were killed and resurrected, death was never final. They had been there for each other through everything, they broke when the other died, cried when they came back. They’d come back so many times, they never thought that one day it would be permanent. After 12 years of friendship, of unrequited love, of pining and longing gazes, of bitching and hugging, of dying and living, after 12 years together, they knew never to take eachother for granted. That didnt mean they were prepared for when death did stick. They never thought they’d have to, death was an idea, it was something that happened to other people, you cant die if you’ve already been dead, right? They learned the hard way that they were wrong. After 12 years of being practically married, 4 years of raising a kid together, after betrayals and redemptions, after grief and comfort, after everything they’d gone through they didnt get the life they deserved(but that didnt mean they couldnt get thier happy ending-or shall i say, beginning) Dean had died so many times but he never dwelled on the thought of a world without his angel because he couldnt, cas had died many times too, yet even living since the beginning of time, he couldnt think of a world without his hunter. Neither wanted to see the other die and yet they both would, they’d both live in a world without the other. Dean would see cas sacrifice himself yet again for him, cas would see dean die for the world he loved, and yet maybe there was still hope...or maybe not.
“I said, okay, I’ll bring them back, I’ll need a list though, and there are a few I can’t bring back just because I physically cannot.” Chuck said unbothered, he appeared in front of dean,
He made breakfast-brunch- in only his sweatpants, and danced around the kitchen singing along to Jo’s REO playlist. After the pancakes were ready, the strawberries were cut, and munched on slightly, he heard Cas scream, a very un-Cas like scream, so he went running back to their room. Dean ran into the bathroom to find Cas, a towel around his waist and another in a forgotten towel turban in his hair.
“Not now Claire.” She snapped as she signed a couple of documents and then dragged her by the hand to the car. Caire leaned over and kissed kaia lightly before she turned teh car on,
“Bobby said you helped.” Dean said, steadily ignoring the heat rising in his cheeks from Cas’ arm pressing against his,
They attended Sam and Eileen’s wedding that day with their rings worn proudly, only half heartedly trying to not steal the happy couples’ thunder. Sam and Eileen of course were perfectly happy to share their special day with them. Dean and Cas walked down the aisle with Charlie and Meg, as their family consisted of many a demon, they needed to be allowed into heaven. Rowena just liked to fuck with John, so did everyone else.
“What? We beat up a bunch of assholes who were attempting to assault a couple underages.” Sam let out a breath,
“Sam, I’m coming.” Dean snapped, he turned around to face sam who took a few steps back, then planted himself again,
“You know what? No!” Dean yelled at Cas as he started to turn away, “This isn't what we both want, I know we suck at communication. I know we’ve been pining for years, but why waste the time.”
“Hm, makes you blush though.” Cas said smirking as he got off the bed, put on deans sweatpants and flannel, and then came to a stop in front of dean. He pressed a kiss to each blushing cheek and then dragged his finger down his neck, “You blush a lot. I didnt know you could blush this much.” Cas said genuinely bewildered as he found that deans blush didnt just stop at his neck but managed to spread further in all directions. “They’re going to be here soon, come on.” Dean said finally, grabbing cas’ hand and dragging him out of the bedroom to go set the library up for dinner.
“Chuck.” Dean said simply, he gave sam a look and they walked further into the room, putting thier guns in thier waistbands again and greeted everyone else. They made thier way around the room, hugging lost loved ones, Kevin, Charlie, Mary, Bobby, Crowley, Bella, Jo and Ellen, Meg, and Balthazar(dean had to cover all the bases), the boys introduced jack to everyone as they made thier rounds. Bal and Crowley miracled alcohol and food onto the dining room table, and they all sat to have dinner as a family. Amara and chuck stopped by bringing rowena and the wayward sisters along.
Cas appears on the edge of the meadow watching dean sit in the middle, just feeling. He sees the emotion pouring off of dean, the colors spilling over the meadow. He watches as bubbles of emotion pours off of him, changing color with his emotions. He watches contemplating whether or not to answer the prayers. He slowly walks through the meadow to the tree and silently sits down next to Dean.
“Hey dean, whats all this about a trip?” Balthazar asked with his mouth full, what, he liked champagne didnt he, of course he had a soft spot for breakfast foods,
“Do you want to?” Dean asked tracing his finger over cas’ shoulder muscles. Cas thought for a minute and then said,
Sam and the rest of the group packed into thier cars and headed out to the dakotas while dean and cas threw thier stuff back into the Impala and drove back to michigan. On the drive, dean turned up Led Zeppelin and somehow cas knew the words better than him. After a few hours of the same albums on repeat, he changed it over to some cas music and happily listened to him sing along and dance in his seat.
“IM TRYING!” Dean glared at him and crossed his arms, “I’ve already told you, I love you so damn much, but you don’t need me. You dont need me dragging you down. You don't want me breaking your heart every time I leave. I liked not having you because I was the only one getting hurt. Now I can hurt you and I don't want to hurt you!”
According to the couple, the group was on a road trip and hit a pedestrian, he was in a coma for weeks and was, until recently, still on life support. They spent 6 months in the town he lived in to pay for his medical bills, help the family in any way they could, they were good people but this wasn’t their first accident. Each one had gotten into separate accidents in their time in their hometown, a few drunk driving accidents, a couple were accidents where a sibling or friend wasn’t being looked after and it didn’t end well, anyway this wasn’t the first time something bad happened but every time they were responsible and did all they could to help. Though when they moved, they told no one they knew each other, changed their names, disappeared for a year between the accident and when they moved.
Hi again, next chapter is here, we still have a couple chapters to go, Im trying to wrap it up a bit go to the end notes to hear why.
When they arrived at the motel, cas stayed in the car and finished listening to the song that was playing while dean got them a room. He had started to unload their stuff and some books from the bunker by the time the song was over and cas got out of the car.
“Well good, because I’m pretty sure-no I am sure, i love you too.” Cas smiled again and dean leaned in to kiss the edges of the smile, he pulled cas into a hug and kissed his neck a bit. Cas pulled away and kissed dean again, this time lifting him up and walking him down the stairs and attempting to get to the hallway, he almost tripped on a chair in the war room and they giggled, cas put dean down on the table and kissed him again. Dean jumped off the table and grabbed his hand running like an infatuated teen towards his room. Cas leaned him on the door and walked them in kissing dean and closed the door with his foot. They spent most of their break making out, watching movies, cuddling, talking, and trying to make eachother laugh and smile, oh and one more thing 😉
“No! Eileen!” Sam shouted as his girlfriend got stabbed through the heart, in his shock and grief he didn’t notice as his own vision faded to blackness.
“You son of a bitch, bring him back! Bring them all back, Kelly, Kevin, Mom, even Crowley.” Dean stood at the back of the fast food restaurant, he was praying, praying to Chuck. He felt tears slide down his cheeks thinking of the light leaving cas’ eyes when Lucifer stabbed him, his wings burning an imprint on the sand. He continued to cry, feeling the anger at Chuck, at himself, at Lucifer, swelling, he suddenly turned and punched straight through the flimsy door. He composed himself and examined his hand, his knuckles were bloody and he could feel that he broke a finger or two, if John was here he’d get on his case about form but he wasn’t, that calmed dean down a bit. He turned his attention to the prayer he hadnt quite finished, “You did this, you wrote this story, you can fix it, please, please fix it.” He felt himself collapse onto his knees on the ground, still crying. He stayed like that for a time, as he started to get up, he leaned on the door,
A day later sam stormed into deans room, very early in the morning and found cas sitting on deans bed drawing on himself and stroking deans hair,
“No, you know what, no, for once do a normal hunt not one that’s crazy or emotional or has someone you care about getting hurt, I’m going alone to help Jodi, you and cas are finishing the case.” Dean sighed and sat on the bed,
“Magnus cant die and Alec can. Do you know how many times we have to derail that conversation?” Simon answered her,
“I’ll talk to Gabriel, then we’ll look for cases, k?” Dean nodded and poured himself coffee. He flinched slightly when he heard Sam and Gabriel fighting then Eileen run from her room to break it up. He closed his eyes and prayed. He drowned out all the noise and prayed that he had the one being he needed most, he prayed that he wasn’t such a mess and that he didn’t ruin everything, he prayed that it would all be okay and that his angel would come back to him. He shuffled back to his room, still praying but now less pleading, now he was just talking, talking about his day and Sam and Eileen and Gabriel, about the cases they’d found. He asked questions about heaven, and Jack. He talked about everything and nothing, hoping his angel could hear him, praying his angel could hear him, just so that he could make it to the next day without another breakdown.
Everyone in their very large family got onto the dance floor and partied for a very long time, drinking a lot. They had red velvet lava cakes, curtesy of Ellen, and a wedding cake made out of pie for the couple to cut which made Dean very very happy. They all drink too much, dance the night away, and talk and laugh and reminisce, all in all a damn good time.
Dean sat on his bed, his back against the headboard, knees pulled up to his chest, his notebook balanced on his knees as he scribbled something. He smiled and finished writing with a flourish, he looked the page over and nodded. The approved page then was turned to a fresh one, this one adorned with drawings and notes. He turned the page again and brushed his finger over a small heart next to a scrawled and hasty letter, it ended,
“In front of the pancakes?” Cas asked laughing. He turned off the stove and grabbed Dean’s hand, pulling him in the general direction of their room.
“Feet off the table.” A bunch of adults said at once, she rolled her eyes and put her feet down. “God.” She groaned, annoyed,
“I'm getting there, jeez. She had bruises on her wrists and stomach and she was bleeding from a deep cut in her neck. She died of blood loss not exsanguination.”
“My world needs stars.” Cas said simply and continued to trace shapes on deans face, who blushed furiously and tried not to move as to not mess up the drawing. When cas had finished drawing he was about to close the marker when dean grabbed it and took cas’ hand, he drew a little heart on the base of his thumb and did the same on his own hand. Dean intertwined their hands and the hearts touched, he smiled brightly and looked at cas who was still gazing fondly at him. Cas cupped deans face in his hands and dean kissed his wrist, a little heart appeared on his skin and it glowed blue. Cas blushed embarrassed but dean just kissed him again and again, watching as the little hearts appeared where he’d kissed him.
Time is different here, in heaven a sun and moon rise and fall but on earth seconds or years go by. On earth it could have been two seconds or twenty years, but Dean and Cas didn’t care. They lived together now, as Cas spent most of his time at Dean’s house anyway. He had officially moved in a while ago, but they still hadn’t gotten used to it.
Dean pulled into a parking spot at a diner, turned and smacked sam’s head to wake him up, and got out of the car. He stretched a bit and poked at the still sleepy sam. They sat down, ordered lots of coffee, and a fruit bowl and yogurt for sam. Dean couldnt decide between the chicken and waffles and the maple bacon pancakes, so cas offered to get one of them, knowing dean would eat his food anyway.
“No, just the ‘healthy, romantic relationship’ stuff.” Sam raised an eyebrow, “Hes leaving again.” And to put out the fire that had lit in sams eyes he added, “Its just for the week. He’ll be back on Saturday morning, hence the weekend alone. It was either here or a motel.”
“Just so you know, I dont want to be here.” A moderately short man? Boy? Said as he plopped on the blanket two of the others had been trying to spread out. The one with short silver hair just pursed his lips while the other just poked at the offending person until he moved.
“Its the formerly lost book of the white, spells, rituals, the whole thing.” Magnus flipped through a few pages and pointed some things out.
About a month later, Dean got himself under control, he buried his emotions deep enough that they wouldn’t come out, he built his walls and prepared himself for his heart to break a bit every time Cas left. Cas too was preparing himself for the inevitable, he knew there would always be something Jack needed him to do, always something the world needed, or the boys needed. He knew he couldn’t just stop working, at least not in the near future so he readied himself for the next departure. He bottled up all the emotions he didn't want to feel and he hid them away, he salted and burned them and then buried them in concrete.
“Ready for movie night?” Sam asked as Dean grabbed his and Cas’ coat, along with a large container of cookies. They got into the Impala, Dean and Eileen in the front seat, still sharing ice cream, and drove to Jodi’s.
“How long do you think you’ll be gone?” Dean asked Jack who was lying on the floor twirling a pencil in the air with his grace.
“That’s mud monkeys for you.” Both of them could almost hear Dean or Sam or Cas or Jack even, telling him that they werent mud monkeys and instead were much more interesting then the winged assbutts.
“NO SWEARING IN MY MOTHER FUCKING HOUSE!” Everyone fell silent then burst out in laughter. Jack smiled and sat down yielding the floor to anyone else.
“Its only a week. I’ll be okay, you’ll be okay, and you’ll be home before you know it.” Cas nodded and kissed dean again before grabbing his hand and not letting go as dean turned again to continue pushing the tables together.
“Figured it out?” Dean asked leaning against the shelves, “Or just overly touchy today?” Sam rolled his eyes and helped Eileen up.
At the 4 week mark, one week after when Cas said he’d be home again, Dean had another breakdown, but this time it was at Cas not just about Cas. He paced around the room yelling at Cas to come home, not caring if Cas was hurt by it. As he felt his anger start to ebb, he felt tears start to form at the corners of his eyes. He wiped them away angrily and sat down on his bed. Dean put his head in his hands and curled his knees to his chest as he cried and pleaded to Cas to come home. By now the residents of the bunker knew not to interrupt so Dean was left alone in his room, crying and praying, apologizing to Cas for everything he’d said and telling him he loved him, until uneasy sleep took over him.
“You know youre amazing right?” Cas whispered, “You are a fighter and you are a lover, you can be scary or soft, you love chick flicks and books and larping,” dean huffed a laugh, “You care about everyone you meet, you would protect your family with your life, which you’ve done, a few times, and yet you dont feel worthy of love yourself. Why?”
“Its fine Jodi, I’ll put together a group, we’ll be there in a few hours.” Sam said already writing down a list of people he could call for backup,
“On second thoughts, I do sleep, goodnight.” Balthazar said seeing something down the hall and getting up quickly.
“No! Eileen!” Sam shouted as his girlfriend got stabbed through the heart, in his shock and grief he didnt notice as his vision faded to blackness.
I’m an over excited puppy today and yet it is really late and I still got it done. I got it done, only took me a week. Sorry again. Anyway, how’d you like it?
The couples around the table turned to one another and engaged in differing pda, cas separated from dean and said.
“Nightmares? Restlessness? Mind preoccupied?” Cas said offering to take it all away so he could sleep,
“wait a trip? Like with all of us?” Kaia grabbed Claire’s pancakes and started to cut them up, she didnt even look up as she grabbed the pancake claire was trying to stuff into her mouth.
“You two have been pining for years and you finally get together, and now you wonder if he loves you?! Of course he does.”
“Then why did we break up? If you love me so much, then why couldn't we have gotten through this together?”
She placed her hands gently on his cheeks and she gasped as he not so gently pulled her into a kiss. It quickly escalated and when they finally parted, they were out of breath. Sam pressed his forehead against her’s before chastely kissing her again.
“Hi Jodi,” dean turned the key and flipped the heat on, if they were going to sit here, atleast they didnt have to be cold.
“And i brought cookies!” She said, the container floating into deans hands. She walked down the steps and hugged dean and cas, then floated up a bit and wrapped her arms around sams neck, “Hi sam!” Sam stood a bit stunned but then returned the hug.
“You expect me to be stuck at home with this one,” he said jabbing his thumb in Sam’s direction, “for a few weeks?!”
“If you knew how many times people asked me that. Come in, excuse the mess, I’m Ian.” Dean and cas stepped into a pristine living room and sat on the couch.
“Yeah whatever.” Eileen laughed as Dean glared at them both as he and Cas sat at the table. “Got a new job yet?”
On the second to last night before Cas and Jack were going to leave, they found themselves in the library, sitting on the cushy leather arm chairs Dean had brought out from storage a while ago.
“No, sams different, he’s my brother, you-you’re, you’re more than that.” Cas gave dean his patented head tilt,
“who are you?” Sam shouted at her, his gun raised, dean came rushing in and grabbed the gun out of sams hand,
“I love you Cas. I love you Cas. I love you Cas.” Until he had graduated to, practically screaming, “You left me! You left me and I don't know what to do! WHAT DO WE DO?!” He shouted at the room. After more tears, and some more screaming, he caught his breath and quietly said, “amen.”
“My powers are depleting. You were chosen dean, you and sam and cas, the rest, you are characters in my story, everyone else is white noise.”
“CAs, I need both hands for this.” Cas just shook his head and stuck out his arm and gesturing to the plates. Dean put one plate on his forearm and one in his hand and cas dragged him into the library again. 20 minutes later the plates were on the table and when dean and cas went back to the kitchen sam was collecting silverware and jack sat at the kitchen table with a box of candy wrappers.
Cas watched them appear on his own palm and drew a little heart next to the same words. He watched as dean smiled and closed his hand, dean closed his eyes, shook his head, then opened his eyes and looked at his hand.
“Yes my dear, i am.” She smiled at them and waved her hand yet again, warm cookies and some tea appeared on the table in front of them. Dean grabbed a cookie and cas took it from him,
“dean we are adults and we are acting like teenagers trying to talk about sex in front of our parents.”
“Some of my actions are right to be questioned, now tell me was the girl human.” Cas stepped closer,
“What mick?! Oh hello, sorry about him.” The other man said, “Go put on pants.” He said rolling his eyes.
Dean did some research into the last accident they were involved in, the one with the man in the coma, his life support was pulled a month ago, and two days after that the first murders were committed.
“I love you of course I’m sure.” Dean said a bit breathlessly, cas raised an eyebrow “I’m not lying but also i have needs, I havent been able to kiss you for 7 days.” Cas smiled at him and wrapped his arms around deans waist, kissing him as he asked,
Everyone in thier very large family got onto teh dance floor and partied for a very long time, drinking a lot. They had red velvet lava cakes, curtesy of Ellen, and a wedding cake made out of pie for the couple to cut which made dean very very happy. The roadhouse is an extension of thier home so they all drink too much, dance the night away, and talk and laugh and reminisce, all in all a damn good time.
“What?! No, you didn't, it's okay man. I just missed you that's all.” Cas looked at him and had to pull himself from the brink of losing himself in the emerald green eyes. He thought over when he’d done to Dean through the years, what he was doing to him now,
“Scuse us!” One shouted, Sam just smiled, he’d want kids someday. He was jolted out of his thoughts a second later when two grown men ran around them, one blonde, one black haired, followed by a red head who was going considerably slower, he stopped and said,
The day of swimming and tanning had now become a people watching day. Alex put away her phone, Patience had stopped reading her book long ago, donna was squinting at them, and jack’s eyes seemed to light up at the opportunity to understand the humans. Jodi sighed and rolled her eyes fondly as she lay down on the sand.
“Oh hello! Who are you?” She said cheerily, stepping back to let them in. She rushed to the kitchen and put down a pan of cookies on a messy counter. Dean looked at her a little confused, “Oh, do sit down! Cookies?” She asked waving her hand as the dishes floated into the sink and with a clatter fell in, “Whoopsy! I’ve never been good at cleaning spells. You must be dean winchester and my aren’t you a pretty angel Castiel.” She said walking to them and giving them hugs, both men stood in spot very confused.
They stayed like that for a while, eyes closed and heads pressed together, silent tears staining their cheeks. Dean looked up and brought Cas’ gaze back to his own and said,
“They hunt half the things in here.” Gabriel answered tapping the bar and getting a ‘girly’ drink and a whiskey, he handed the whiskey to Rowena.
“I dont know why, but I do.” Cas said smiling again before kissing dean and grabbing his hand to lead them back to the bedroom.
Ps. Here’s the update just if anyone’s wondering, and yes this seems to be in letter form and no I dont apologize
Crowley munched on a shortbread cookie as he walked along the cliff side, the waves crashed against the cliff face below. He looked out at the water, teh way it glistened ever so slightly, the way the green fields on the cliffs looked like they melted into the horizon, he rummaged through one of his shopping bags for another shortbread. He remembered what he had told the little old woman at the shop when she asked if the shortbreads and the little gifts were for his kids,
“No! Angels don't have panic attacks!” Cas shouted, he suddenly slumped against the wall and slid to a seated position. “What have I done?”
Dean woke up and rolled over expecting to find Cas only to meet a cold, empty side of the bed. He jolted up and grabbed his gun from his nightstand drawer, old habits die hard. He ran around the house, panicked and no longer tired, it only took him 10 minutes(ish) but even that was too long. Finally he found Cas standing in their kitchen humming to himself, his speaker playing quietly, as he tried to make breakfast. Cas looks up as he hears the quiet click of Dean placing the gun on the counter, he didn’t look up from the pancakes, but could feel the worry coming off of dean.
“Nothing.” He said innocently, he smiled sweetly and used Eileen’s flusteredness to push her fully into the room. “Now, you two, figure it out!” He said folding the shelves back to their spots.
Throughout the night cas stayed as far from dean as possible, dean was so happy that his family was back he barely noticed, I said barely, he did notice but left it alone for a while, enjoying his family being together and happy. After a few hours he went to talk to cas who at this moment was sitting on a chair in the corner of the living room with a glass of whiskey that dean knew he’d never finish,
“Oh its simple really, one of each couple ended up liking to write on themselves occasionally, sometimes it takes quite a while but someone will make the first move if you will, anyway the writing shows up on the other person too, eventually someone will write something important or they’ll notice, that’s where being good friends helps because when your best friend that you spend all your time with writes a reminder on their hand and it shows up on you, you’ll notice. Its quite a famous thought around here, used to just be a legend, but it said that one day your soulmate will write on themselves and it will show up on you, i just made it come true.”
“Well so far it seems to go away after the two confront their feelings.” She said wigging her eyebrows at dean, who didn’t notice anything amis, because maybe he might like her cookies better than pie, god is that sacrilege?!
“It’s okay dear!” He shouted back as he appeared again in front of them, sam winced at the noise level, “Crowley go show eileen those orchids you got from the Aztecs, when was that-“
“So.” Cas said pursing his lips. Dean got up and grabbed a pen, he popped the top and started to write on the arm without the notes.
“I’ll check the library records.” Cas said nodding, he blipped out of the room, then back in again. He strode over to dean and plucked the beer away from him, “No more until tonight, its 10 am for god-chuck-for whoever’s sake!”
“Stop being difficult, we have to be back at the bunker in 2 hours, that’s pretty much impossible.” Sam just raised his eyebrow at cas who leaned forward again and pecked deans cheek,
“He doesn't know that? I thought you guys had been dating for almost a decade now. Didn’t you break up that one time? Why do I care so much? Weren’t you guys married for a while?”
“Oh do come out dear.” The man at the door to the bookshop grumbled, as both men could be called odd, this one can only be described as well, lets see, he had dark round shades that he had scrambled to put on as he shuffled out from the door concealing yellow eyes, he wore a black suit jacket and his red hair seemed to have been styled at one point but was no longer.
After the ‘sleeping’ for three days, sam would probably be eating his words, now instead of the tension, they either were engaging in pda or were giving eachother fond and/or longing looks, well that didnt change. Oh well.
“Shut up and kiss me already.” Sam laughed and kissed her. He only pulled away when he heard Aziraphale cooing,
“Then, yes, of course, I’ll marry you.” Cas said, pulling dean into a breathtaking kiss, he tasted like strawberries and chocolate.
They only got a few days together before Jack, who had said he wanted to leave them alone, came by. Jack walked into the kitchen and sat on the counter watching Dean cook, like he used to when he lived there full time.
“Of course I do, always have.” Cas said, resisting the urge to break eye contact and stare at his feet. He tapped his fingers on Dean’s waist nervously before Dean grabbed his collar and pulled him into another kiss.
“Yeah, like come on, i love you so much, and we already bicker like an old married couple. I just want to marry you so badly, because-well because we can and, cas, we have all of eternity.”
“You, shut up.” Dean said pushing sam out the door and closing it, he looked down at his arm and both the heart on his thumb and the one on his palm were gone. He looked at his hand sadly then popped the cap of the sharpie and wrote something around his wrist, he read it and smiled. Another line of writing appeared under it, he smiled again. It said both their names in enochian. He heard cas curse outside his room then the writing disappeared. Dean walked over to the door but when he opened it cas wasnt there.
“Its only a week.” Cas whispered to dean as they hugged Monday morning, “Just another day in the office.” He said reassuringly,
“But they’d need a reaper and dean hasn’t even gotten a handle on the whole Death with a capital D thing.”
“i love you too.” Dean gently placed one hand behind cas’ head and pulled him back into a much more heated kiss. They were still sitting on the floor so when they finally came up to breathe, cas got up pulling dean along with him, picked him up and gently this time, put him on the bed. He looked down at dean and smiled before he pulled him onto the bed.
The group dispersed to either get food or research or just stretch their legs and Dean and Cas made their way to Deans bedroom. Dean roughly grabbed Cas’ hand and dragged him to his room.
“Dean!” Sam shouted, tossing Dean the knife. Dean caught it and plunged it into a crocotta that was barreling at him. The blade went through but didn't kill it and the creature grabbed him by the neck throwing him at the wall. A wave of energy surged through the room as it came up to Dean again, Dean grabbed its hand as it reached for his neck again, and he dissolved into a screaming pile of ash. Dean stood there dumbfounded, Cas and Sam stared at him astonished. Dean barely had time to react as two crocotta came up behind Cas, he shouted at Cas to duck but instead he twirled around, grabbing one creature’s arm and plunging the blade it was holding into the other creature while running the other through with his angel blade. Now it was Dean's turn to look shocked at Cas, but really he just stared, his mouth open slightly, as he raked his gaze over Cas. “Dean you're drooling.” Sam said as he passed Dean to check on Eileen who could be heard stabbing three crocotta repeatedly in the other room.
“Can we just go kill something already?” Claire groaned, it was the beginning of the second day of wearing monkey suits and she just wanted to chop somethings head off or stab it with a rare wood spike.
“I love you.” Dean murmured against cas’ chest. When cas took too long to respond dean looked up and met his eyes, slightly worried. Cas ran his thumb over deans cheek and placed a kiss to his lips,
“Yes Dean, I know, that's why it's a case.” Sam said irritably, “This isn't the first time either, 8 people every other day, ever 5 years for 20 years like clockwork.”
“Oy! Look where you’re going!” He shouted at the man, he was about to turn away when he saw the women next to the man turn his way and give him a death stare. He was frightened even though he knew it would be difficult to kill him, though, he thought, she did seem like someone who could pull it off. As she turned around again he looked at her properly, stowed gun in her waistband, frizzy hair barely kept off her face, she smiled at the man in the fez like he was most of her world. While he was staring, he felt the hair on the back of his neck stand up and turned to find a couple standing staring at him,
“Dont watch with out me!” She called and claire paused the movie hat was rolling the beginning credits.
“Cas. Go. Home.” Jack groaned pulling Cas back to standing position and turning away as he disappeared.
“Kitchen.” Dean nodded and slid out from under the table with a whole lot more cursing and hobbled as quietly and as quickly as he could towards the kitchen. He turned each corner cautiously, jumping into every door brandishing a knife honing rod.
“Dont you dare break up with him and ruin my weekend!” Sam said with a playful smile as he walked out of the kitchen, leaving dean alone with his thoughts. This will be a good week, they said.
“Youre staring.” Cas said not looking at dean and instead, turning the page in teh book he was reading and comtinueing with his research,
“i love it when you call me husband.” Cas said smiling. He went and opened the door, even though it was already unlocked.
“I'm sorry.” Dean said at barely a whisper, Cas felt tears fall onto his neck so he pulled Dean closer to him than he already was.
“Oh cas! Give dean a kiss for me will you?” Jodi said with a small chuckle, cas felt his face go red and looked away from the brothers, dean glaring at sam and the phone, and sam watching cas with a smile.
“Shit, shit, shit, shit!” Dean sped down teh road and back to the church thinking over everything he’d just heard, everything he’d learned about that dick bag of an angel, the angel who killed a human out of heartbreak. The same angel that cas was left alone with. “shit! Cas, fuck fuck fuck!” He continued his string of swears until he parked in front of the church, he barreled out of the car and through the doors.  He ran into the room they were in before and found cas sitting on the couch, his head in his hands, his face pale. Dean hurrie Dover and sat down next to him, tilting his face up and laying his hands on either side of cas’ face,
“Yes you do.” Bal said noticing as she failed at hiding her smile, “Come on, Madam de Pompadour should be here somewhere.”
After most of the night, cas had been thinking about one thing or another but around 1 am dean shifted in his sleep raising his sleeves from his wrists and something caught cas’ eye. It looked like writing and dean didnt write on himself. Cas gently unbuttoned the cuff and pulled it up he read the writing on his arm, it was his notes, the ones from teh library and his doodles from that morning.
Cas has to leave for a week but dean can handle it because he has a something planned for when he comes back.
“Goodnight dean.” Cas said, a little sadly? He wandered back to the table to review the accidents, he would double and triple check his notes to make sure he didn’t miss any freaky accidents as dean called them.
“I call bullshit. We have hurt each other time and time again and yet every time you came back, you never left me. Never. I knew you would always be there, no matter what we did to each other. Do you not believe I'd do the same for you?”
“Bobby said you helped.” Dean said, steadily ignoring the heat rising in his cheeks from cas’ arm pressing against his,
“ITS A MOTHER FUCKING CAR RIDE! BEHAVE!!” Jodi lost it, scaring the entire car into silence, she didnt shout often but when she did, she meant business.
“You wont kill me, you have to concentrate, anyway death could control it, so can you.” He reached for his hand and intertwined their fingers, Dean watched biting his lip.
The mac and cheese was on the stove staying warm, cas had given up on making the bread so just blipped some in, it was broiling, smothered in garlic and butter. They had just finished setting the table and were admiring thier handy work.
They sat down to breakfast and continued chatting, all four of them planning out a new and improved heaven.
“You have, multiple times in fact.” Cas said slightly amused, Dean just grumbled and pulled harder on his hand. “Never expected you to be such a cuddler.”
“Don’t talk with your mouth full!” Cas said as he walked into the kitchen, he flashed a proud smile at jack before moving towards dean. He wrapped his arms around Dean from behind and kissed his neck as dean leaned back into him.
A few days later, Dean prayed again, this time more conversational and friendly, as if he had made his peace with their relationship.
“You’re getting to go to the beach like you’ve always wanted, no exceptions.” Dean smiled at his husband, kissed him and walked to the living room to survey the rest of the stuff that needed to be packed, “Oh and dont forget, we have to be back in time for movie night with Jodi and the family.” Cas hollered from the second floor where he was gathering probably unnecessary clothing.
“And I took pride in my communication skills.” They both dissolved into a fit of unbecoming laughter. When Dean finally came to let them out they were leaning against the wall, hands clasped between them, still staring fondly but no longer longingly.
“I didn’t!” Dean said indignantly then at Sam’s look, “Okay fine, I broke the empty, but you helped!” Sam rolled his eyes and said,
“Let’s say if” Izzy looked around a bit before pointing at a women with red eyes and a sequin dress, “she hit on him, what would you do?”
Dean sat in the library, skimming through lore books. He had mopped the floors again because Adam and micheal unceremoniously showed up with suspicious looking brownies and managed to track dirt all over the bunker. Now as he barely had anything to do with his hands, he was starting to get nervous. It was irrational and he knew that but it still was how he felt so he then tried flying around the bunker, trying to perfect his aim.
For a life of suffering, they all deserve an afterlife of rom coms and family dinners and weddings and happiness, and after everything they’d gone through they didn’t get the life they deserved. That never meant they couldn’t get what they deserved in the afterlife, that didn’t mean they couldnt get their happy ending-or shall i say, beginning.
“Of course not.” Bal said with a smirk. The little man scuttled out from the bar and walked over to the wall. He pressed into the wall in the middle of three of the flowers that adorned the walls. The wall started to rotate and bal led meg onto the spinning platform. On the other side, 18th century France waited for them. Meg gasped quietly and then looked down as her jeans and t-shirt look changed into a frilly ball gown.
“Yes.” Crowley shot him a look and Aziraphale kissed him in apology. Crowley grumbled but proposed that they go to the ritz and celebrate.
Oh and happy Easter Sunday to everyone who celebrates and everyone else have a fantastical Monday ahead of you!!
As the credits rolled for the movie, Dean got up and tugged Cas up along with him. He threaded their fingers together and pulled him into the hallway to his room,
“Interesting, I don’t know how you got here little one.” He cooed at a small ladybug that was crawling over a file. Cas thought about how Dean would have rolled his eyes about how little Jack was paying attention. He cleared his throat and opened the drawer that contained the family archives,
“Angel too far, we cant hear you.” Crowley shouted. A shriek and a bit of careful cursing came from the back of the back room, “Angel?”
“I feel like we were so unproductive this weekend.” Dean said as cas threaded his hands through deans hair where he lay on cas’ chest. Cas just hummed in response, “This was better though.” Dean smiled and wrapped his arms around cas more and buried his face in Cas’ neck and pressing little kisses to the skin there.
“Sorry.” Dean said, he turned off the light at his bedside table and tried to fall asleep, cas just smiled to himself and resumed his work, occasionally pausing to ‘watch over’ dean.
He appeared on the war room table, where Dean and Sam were sitting, startling Dean enough that he was sent flying off his chair. Sam chuckled as Dean scrambled up to standing again.
For a life of suffering, they all deserve an afterlife of rom coms and family dinners and weddings and happiness.
“Hi.” Dean whispered back, cas closed the space between them and pressed a small kiss to deans lips, “I didnt mean to wake you.”
“There!” He shouted pointing at the glint of the watch under the couch. Cas grabbed it and handed it to dean who lit his lighter and watched the metal melt slowly. The silence was a bit unnerving but it always was after a case.
3) With those new projects comes a new whole system at school so instead of being able to write pretty much all day, I’ll be working, oh well, though I should be still able to post every couple of weeks. Also if you’d like, comment what fandoms you all like, I need more shows and movies and books to consume :)
“You deserve it.” Dean said, his voice muffled from where his face was pressed against Cas’ shoulder,
“Yes I did! I made you speechless! I-mph” dean cut him off with yet another kiss, this time much more controlled,
“Yeah, yeah. You can’t take me on anyway!” He yelled, swinging the curtain rod out in front of him like a sword and putting the other hand on his hip.
“This is weird, it's really formal, you don't do formal.” Claire said kicking her feet up on the table,
“No, Dean’s right, we have to ‘figure it out’” Sam said using his ‘quotey hands.’ After some more deafening silence, Eileen signed timidly,
They walk in as the girls are bickering about which movies to watch and greet the family that had arrived. Most of them were already there but some weren’t so dean and cas got comfy on the couch. Dean cuddled on the couch against cas, his head on cas’ shoulder, knees in his lap. Jack had his head in cas’ lap where deans knees weren’t and sprawled out on the couch, feet curled under sams legs. Sam and dean were bickering about rom coms with kaia and claire who were sitting on the ground. Jodi walked in and threw containers of popcorn at people and turned on the rom com the boys and claire and kaia were bickering about. A few in the group complain, but when its over everyone is eager to watch another.
When they were both stripped down to their boxers dean pulled away again, this time grabbing cas’ hand and attempting to pull him the rest of the way to the bedroom, only for cas to grab his face and kiss him. They slowly walked-well, stumbled- to their bedroom.
Eileen shook her head, a bit exasperated as Sam came running out of the hallway shrieking, Dean running after him. Sam jumped onto the table and swung around the curtain rod from the bathroom. He stepped on her work and had almost knocked over her water before she got up and moved all her stuff to the room.
“You’re my best friend cas.” Cas gave him a heart breaking look, “no no no, that’s not what i meant, i meant that you’re my best friend and i dont want to ruin anything and-“ dean stole the pen back and furiously wrote three words on his palm.
“Cas can i talk to you?” Dean shouted down the hallway, cas walked away from sam and followed deans voice,
“Jack would never care, you think that blond has anything more than a couple dust bunnies in that brain of his?” Rowena said obviously trying to move the conversation away from her.
“Do you need help? You have a house full of overbearing family for the next week, we would be happy to help.”
The next morning Dean woke up early to the table empty, just as hes about to worry cas quietly walked through the door with coffee and pastries. Cas didnt notice that dean was awake so he quietly slipped off his shoes, sipped his coffee and sat back down to reread the newest vics files. Dean got up and shuffled to teh table, grabbed the other coffee and watched cas with a curious expression.
“Sure dean.” Cas pulled out the file from the glove box and flipped through, “Bunch of newly weds and new couples are getting offed, they have no connections, and they all died in weird ways, really witchy.”
“I wouldn’t do that.” Jack said genuinely concerned that Cas actually thought he would, he continued to look at him before realizing, “just a saying?” Cas nodded, smiling,
“Okay dean, give me one-“ before cas could finish, dean was already snoring. Cas walked over the bed and sat down next to dean who cuddled up against him, usually when cas would watch over him, dean would be deep asleep, this had never happened before, best not to over think it right? Dean curled his leg over cas’ so he slipped off his shoes and trench and settled down, wrapping one arm around dean. Cas smiled down fondly at him and gently stroked his hair, he probably wouldn’t remember anyway so if he wanted to be relaxed and cuddly, who was he to say anything.
“What? No! I’m helping people find their person, soulmate, life partner, whatever you want to call it, that’s how all the new couples sort of came to be.”
Claire b lined to the shower and changed as quickly as possible into plaid sweatpants and a tank top, and turned on the movie while kaia was getting changed.
“Eileen!” Dean said cheerily, hugging her and handing her the pint of ice cream. She took it happily, took a large spoonful, then handed it back to dean.
“Agent Page, these are my associates Agents Greer, and Weller,” Sam said pulling out his badge and gesturing to the others who did the same.
When they had gotten back to the bunker and Dean had demanded Cas go take a shower and eat something, he settled down into the couch in one of the spare rooms and curled up in a blanket. He could hear Dean walk down the hall and stop at the door.
